BDSM Library - But I Just Thought You Boys Wanted Some Lemonade




But I Just Thought You Boys Wanted Some Lemonade
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: I thought you boys just wanted Lemonade. Well she was bored and wanted company, so that what she got. Copy-right Kayce69@fsworld.co.uk   
 Another story by Pagan.   
 But I just thought you boys wanted
    some Lemonade.   
"So what do we do in this half assed
    town for six weeks," Jed kicked a stone across the road.   
His elder brother Rod snapped back
    at him, "Dad can pick some shit-holes to live, no wonder their paying him
    well, it's the only work this town's got, in a population of morons."   
Dan and Pete, two coloured boys
    were throwing a volley ball to each other, as Pete agreed, "We been here
    just the same time, seems they head-hunted the best in L. A. and came up
    with your dad and ours."   
Jed went over the dusty road and
    kicked the stone back again, "Oh the fucking parents are loving it, parties
    and do's up at the club all pals together, no kids though, got to be eighteen
    to be up there, fucking board, I'm just plan fucking board, here three weeks
    and now it's fucking summer break."   
Rod tried to calm things down, "Look
    we are stuck with it, so there it is, no point in talking about L A or the
    fun times we used to have so calm down, lets just go down the beach and play
    ball till we're pissed off with that, never know could be a girl or two,
    maybe half descent, worth trying to get in their pants."   
Pete took a picture of him missing
    a kick on his phone camera.   
He tried again this time the stone
    flew across the road again, "Oh ya bring that up, I ani't fucked anything
    since we got here, fucking half assed locals keep the good totty."   
Rod laughed, "You been fucking your
    hand hard enough," the other two joined the ridicule of the spotty teenager.   
Jed snapped back, "Ya, ya very funny,
    up yours, anyway where the fuck are we and stop pointing that stupid phone
    thing at me?"   
Pete laughed, "Hay cool it we ain't
    had no pussy nether and we got a lot more in our trousers to worry about
    than you whites."   
Jed was back at him, "It ain't what
    you got it's how you use it."   
The banter carried on as Dan stuck
    his hips out, "And that's just what I want to do, use it."   
The four boys looked about, as Rod
    said "To answer your question on where the fuck are we, it looks like the
    beach house posh bit, and looks like we are up a private road, probably where
    the top ass-holes hang out, just look at that fucking house, smart, now that's
    fucking smart."   
Dan bounced the ball noisily, "So
    who throws these parties and things, and the club, that's the big place on
    the River Point road with the swimming pools and golf is it?"   
Rod took the ball off him, "For
    fuck sake not so much noise, and ya that's the club, it belongs to the I.
    T. firm, the big boss, what his name."   
Jed answered, "What dads boss, it's
    Roscoe it's easy to remember they call his wife Risky Roscoe."   
Rod went on, "Ya that's him, well
    it ain't open to the general public, he had it all set up for the employees
    and wives to escape the kids, bastard."   
Dan grabbed the ball back, "What's
    with his Mrs then, she some old cow or something."   
Jed who was busy kicking any stone
    now said, "I heard my old lady talking to some local, said that Roscoe's
    Mrs was a bit common, some totty off the stage, came from deep south, you
    know, honey child what ya all doin and all that, and she drinks, gets silly
    so she don't get invited and he keeps out the way, I think he's older than
    her and a bit stuck in his ways, rather be at the plant than at home, anyway
    they don't see eye to eye."   
Dan threw the ball at Rod, he ducked
    and it hit Jed smack in the face, Jed screamed, "You fucking shit, here motherfucker,
    fetch this," and he kicked it hard. Being a light volleyball it flew towards
    the other side of the road, hit the curbstone shot up and over the wall of
    the big house.   
 "You ass-hole you hit it, you fetch
    it," Pete was less than happy.   
Jed yelled another, "Oh fuck it," and
    trudged towards the wrought iron gate, pushed the handle, to his surprise
    it opened, the other three watched him disappear as the gate closed behind
    him.   
They stood around for about ten
    minutes, Rod was fascinated by the GX 100 phone that Pete had, he wanted
    to take a picture, down load and e-mail to his P C suddenly the gate opened
    and a smiling face excitedly beckoned to them.   
The three boys ran across and pushed
    past Jed in to garden, "Jeepers fucking Christ look at it," Rod stood open
    mouthed.   
The garden was huge, three tiers
    of lawns, perfect conifer bushes; paved pathways, lots of strange ornaments
    and the biggest pool and patio they had ever seen.   
Jed said, "Come with me boys this
    place is somit else and you gota meet Mrs."   
The boys walked towards the pool,
    as they got close they could see some long lounger's, all multi coloured,
    sitting or rather laying across a kink size one was a blond woman, Rod thought
    what's she got on, it wasn't until he got close that her realized he should
    have said was, what had she almost got on, he took his sun glasses off.   
As he got closer he saw her, she
    would be about 35, he could tell by the way she lay she was only about five
    three, five four, nicely tanned, lots of blond curly hair but defiantly man
    made, her face was hidden by sun glasses but she had a pretty mouth, the
    lip gloss made it look quite wide, good skin, no sagging but oh that bathing
    costume was doing her no favours.   
She was a few pounds over weight
    and the costume was a bit to tight, tight enough to show her round hips and
    a little to much of her heavy thighs, pity because she had good legs, it
    made her waist look like she had little love handles but oh those tits, they
    really were fighting to get out, to say Dolly Parton would be wrong but it
    did spring to his young mind.   
As the boys all came in to her view,
    they had all on to keep from roaring with laughter as she suddenly waved
    at them and shouted, "Why their you all are, you come sit with me, I do declare
    what handsome young boys you all are, you all want lemonade?"   
Jed had already got to the table
    where the pitcher of lemonade was, there was a glass so he started to fill
    it, the boys approached the blond who was fussing with her hair, "Ya'll have
    to excuse this, you'll have to share the glass, I don't get visitors, but
    you boys don't mind now do you, the lemonades a bit of a show, just in case,
    I myself, have a little old bottle under my towel."   
Rod was the first to speak, "No,
    of course we don't mind and thank you."   
"Why ain't you the polite one, you
    all make yourselves comfortable, now I'm Tracey Bell Roscoe but I prefer
    Trixie, and what's your names?"   
Rod, Pete and Dan introduced themselves
    and sat, each one passing the glass from one to another, they watched as
    she took what looked like a plastic juice bottle, almost full of an orange
    coloured liquid, from under the towel and took a long drink, "Oooooweee that
    sure is a good orange, just my joke, now you boys tell me bout yourselves,
    nice to have some company even if it was to fetch your ball back."   
The day grew hotter, the boys talked
    of L A and life there and why they were here and the blond got steadily drunker
    on the orange bottle.   
Then she started telling them about
    her life on the stage and her dancing, and her favourite saying was, "Now
    you boys ask me anything at all, I like talking bout my little-ol life." The
    boys weren't really listening they were more interested on how she moved
    and waved her arms about as she talked about shows, the show they were having
    was watching her massive tits as the bikini top fought to hold on to them.   
They were just about to make excuses
    to leave when she said, "My I just don't know when I have enjoyed company
    like I have today, you boys wana come and use the little-ol pool, they say
    it's gona be another hot old day tomorrow, I sure would like it if you'd
    come round and talk some more and remember you can ask me anything."   
Keeping their excitement to a minimum
    they said they would like to and politely left, once out through the gate
    the dirty talk was soon on about her tits and Pete had got a few close up's
    using the zoom on the camera, all the way home the screen was handed around,
    Pete had already e-mailed them to Rods P C.   
Rod and Jed went straight up to
    Rods room and pressed send and receive and waited, sure enough the pictures
    appeared, Jed put them in to MY DOCUMENTS and got the zoom on the, as he
    put it, important bits, Rod laughed, "I can see why they rest of the town
    shun her don't know what she would do if there was some stronger stuff in
    that orange," Jed wasn't laughing he was just looking at and thinking about,
    the two enormous tits on the screen.   
Jed was up early, Rod thought it
    strange, he never usually moved that quickly on a school break but he was
    in the cellar and he was wrapping something in his towel.   
They meet up with Pete and Dan about
    ten thirty and headed for the big house, when they got there the temperature
    was already in the high seventies.   
They piled through the gate, she
    was already by the pool, there were two pitchers of lemonade and four glasses,
    she waved at them to come over. She had on another bikini this time black
    and gold, Pete took a quick picture saying she looked like an after eight
    mint, Rod and Dan saw the funny side of the joke, Jed just headed for the
    pool and her.   
On his way to the pool he put his
    towel down just behind her chair, then moved to do the honours with the lemonade.   
The four boys wanted to cool off
    after the walk, they already had trunks on under their shorts so they quickly
    took a dip; they had brought the ball and threw it to each other while the
    blond kept on sipping from her bottle and telling them what a nice day yesterday
    was and how much she enjoyed company and she just loved to answer their questions.   
 Jed had positioned himself to make
    sure the ball splashed over the side where Trixie was, so the long southern
    drawl was punctuated by squeals, the more she drank from the orange bottle
    the loader the squeals.   
The boys started to call her in,
    she said she didn't like swimming but they persisted. Jed kept up the splashing
    and she kept up the drinking. It was when they said if she wasn't coming
    in they were getting out, maybe they should leave and go down to the beach,
    her attitude immediately changed and almost begging said, "Oh no' you'll
    can't go, no I'll come on in if you stay," the, "Oh pleaseeee," at the end
    set Jed's mind working.   
He threw the ball at her, then,
    and as he went to retrieve it he made her keep her promise, she adjusted
    her bikini and pealed herself from the lounger. It was the first time the
    boys had seen her standing, Jed almost fell over the chair as he past her.   
Her breast's were enormous, the
    pictures didn't lie, she wasn't fat but there was some meat there, especially
    round the thighs and buttocks, her hair curled all the way to the strap on
    the bikini top and even though she was only about five three her legs looked
    extremely good, the boys thought, all in all not bad for over thirty.   
Jed threw her the ball and she turned,
    slightly staggered and threw it on to the pool before going to the steps.
    While this was happening Jed moved to his towel pulled a bottle of clear
    liquid out and preceded to pour some in to the orange bottle before returning
    to the pool.   
The main centre of attention was
    the blond, the ball bounced at her making her jump as it splashed her; as
    the bikini top got wetter Jed got close enough to see just how big her nipples
    were.   
 They stood out, she was really
    enjoying the company and didn't notice that Jed was more interested in her
    body than the others.   
Jed was out the pool getting his
    mates lemonade and kept passing her the bottle; then he would bomb back in
    close to her. As she got more and more of a slurd voice so Jed started in
    with the complements.   
"With all your dancing skills have
    you ever thought of starting water aerobics, lovely pool, lovely lady all
    going to waste," he stifled his grin as she replied, "Why thank you honey,
    you are the sweetest boy, my you sure know how to make a lady feel good."   
Ten more minutes and three more
    drinks she was really squealing and getting wetter, it was then that Jed
    made his move. As he got back in to the pool he fell against her, he pretended
    to try and save himself and pulled her top strap, it undid and out they fell.
    For a second or two she didn't realize but she looked really embarrassed
    and tried hard to cover herself and get her top back.   
Jed rushed full of apologies but
    he stopped after picking up the top, "Mrs Roscoe your are magnificent, what
    a beautiful woman you are, I'm so sorry but please don't be ashamed you are
    really beautiful," the others crowed round to try and get a glimpse of the
    two big tits she was trying to hold on to.   
He knew she couldn't put the top
    back on and she would have to try and climb the ladder to get out, as the
    other lads joined in the complements Jed got out and went for her towel,
    she was quite drunk and she laughed at the lads and thanked them for their
    complements.   
The drink had got to her so she
    let go of her cover as she made her way to the ladder, Jed had the phone
    and took a couple of random shots then a couple more as she climbed out,
    hiding it quickly as he handed her the towel, she almost fell but Jed held
    her, he said, "Looks like you want us to go and we are hungry so," before
    he could finish she drawled, "No, my no why not you all come in and fix yourselves
    somthin while I get changed, come on now I was enjoyin you alls company."   
The house was as they imagined,
    big and loud, they grabbed what they wanted from the fridge, Jed had brought
    her bottle in and poured some more from his bottle, Rod caught his arm, "What's
    that," he screwed the top back on, "Dads neat alcohol, hundred percent and
    tasteless, she seems to be enjoying it"   
They sat in the big lounge until
    she returned, she still had a slur in her voice and was unsteady on her feet
    but she looked interesting to four teenage boys.   
She wore, little saddles, a wrap
    around chiffon skirt and matching short top over a smart red bra and short
    pants set, Jed poured her a drink and asked, "What shall we do next you have
    anymore to ask me about my show days?"   
Dan asked, "What's that table?" Staggering
    again as she walked to it, "This is a genuine Victorian card table, ain't
    it the prettiest thing you ever saw?"   
Jed said, "You got any cards?"   
She opened the side draw on the
    table and showed three packs, Jed smiled, "Fancy a quick game of poker?"   
Pete and Don looked at him but he
    nodded towards the table and winked, "I'll get some lemonade," he was quick,
    four tumblers of lemonade and a large glass of her orange sat at their right
    arms as he held the pack, "What shall we play for?"   
She laughed, "I have some sticks," Jed
    laughed, "This is a killer game, not for wimps or the faint hearted, must
    have high steaks, who's got money?"   
A few dollars from each pocket sat
    on the table, she got some from her purse and the hands were dealt.   
Ten hands later and all her glass
    and more, the dollars sat with Rod, Jed looked at her she had giggled and
    laughed all the way through the games, she had won two hands and she talked
    incessantly about the big casinos where she had danced until Jed said, "We
    are out of cash what shall we play for next?"   
She laughed about her sticks again
    but Jed said, "Got to be worth playing for, we could always play strip poker."   
The boys waited for her answer,
    she wasn't sure, Jed made the move, "Oh well if that's it, thanks for a nice
    time but time to go."   
"No, no don't you go, I was enjoying
    the fun, maybe just a few hands then," Jed poured some more drinks, moved
    Pete's phone close, took the pack and dealt.   
With the speed of an expert Jed
    dealt. First hand, she had the worst so to loud laughter and giggles from
    her the chiffon top hit the floor.   
Second hand, would you believe it,
    the chiffon skirt was on the floor.   
Third hand Pete lost his top.   
Forth, Rod lost his top.   
A few more drinks.   
Fifth hand she lost, the red short
    pants off leaving her in red bra and little red pants.   
Sixth hand Dan lost his top; Jed
    thought perfect all of the boys naked to the waist.   
Seventh hand, one sandal.   
Eighth hand the other sandal.   
 Ninth hand, she lost, the boys
    waited but she said no.   
Jed smiled, "Game for no wimps,
    do a forfeit instead, she took a big swig of the drink and agreed, they wanted
    to see her dance.   
She got up and started to dance,
    she wasn't half bad, Jed called out, "What no bump and grind," she laughed
    at him, "I never did that."   
Jed goaded her on, "A beautiful
    woman can and should, bet you could if you tried."   
She laughed hysterically and tried
    but in her drunken state she looked obscene but the little camera in the
    phone caught it all.   
She was hyped up on fun and drink
    and she moved close to the boys, dancing round them, the camera took about
    ten random shots, before she collapsed back on her chair, Jed gave her the
    glass, which she emptied, "One more hand before we go."   
She said, "Oh no, no, no talking
    of goin, don't you go, you don't wana leave."   
"Then one more hand it is," Jed
    dealt, she was so drunk they could see her hand anyway and of course she
    lost, this time there was going to be no escape.   
"Oh you boys you should be respecting
    a little gal like me, you can't," all the boys stood, Jed said, "Anyone who
    reneges on a bet, no we won't be coming back."   
She sat up, "Oh but you must, I
    enjoy yos company." The boys looked at Jed, his arms folded he looked at
    her the phone poised in the crock of his arm.   
She stood up and undid the bra,
    it was one that clipped in the front, it sprang open, she lifted it above
    her head and swirled it round, she stuck her chest out "I don't do no reneging
    you can just ask me, I don't do that," then she slumped back on the sofa
    and passed out, the boys quickly left.   
As they got to the gate Pete said, "I
    left my phone," as he ran back to the pool Jed e-mailed the lot to Rods and
    hit delete, "Hay it's here, you dropped it," they all walked back talking
    of the day and what a pity they were stuck with a school, parent project
    tomorrow.   
Rod said he was going in the shower,
    Jed waited then hit send and receive, next a floppy desk kept the pictures,
    some of them were just fantastic, the ones in the swimming pool with all
    the lads and plenty of tit showing then, one of the ones of her climbing
    the ladder smiling at him and the bumping and grinding looked a real turn
    on, but the bra over the head and her laughing was the cream.   
Next the big page in the phone directory,
    yes the firm, the number, the fax and the e-mail, all that was left was the
    e-mail at the house, his fathers desk draw, emergency procedures and oh to
    easy, Personal to Mr Roscoe, Mobile, home fax, home e-mail; later Jed sang
    as he showered.   
Rod was up first prepping up for
    the trip, their mother went to get Jed but he was feeling sick, said he thought
    to much sun yesterday, best they went with out him, Rod smiled as he got
    in the car with his mother, he could see Jed up at the window, he thought,
    that little creeps gona be jerkin off all day.   
It was ten when he pushed through
    the gate, no sign of her, so he went to the patio doors and looked in, the
    house was silent, shit, he thought the bitch has gone out, he kicked the
    gravel as he turned only to stop at the sound of a door opening, he turned
    back, there she was in a long blue silk dressing robe, pretty blue heeled
    slippers, she had on sunglasses in the house but she had done her hair and
    make-up so things weren't all bad.   
"Good morning" Jed said as he went
    in, he must have startled her but she said, "Oh hi, where's the others, I
    can't see them but I can't see to much this morning, you all want to use
    the pool?"   
Jed smiled, "Oh they may be along
    later, got choirs you know, thought I'd come and show you my hobby."   
She took her glasses off, "Well
    that so thoughtful, my, you are a kind set of gentlemen, I thought you may
    have come to ask me a few more questions."   
Jed took a deep breath, "You have
    a computer."   
"Sure do, don't know nothing bout
    them but we got a honey, you wana see it."   
He giggled a little, "Oh I wana
    see it all right."   
They went through in to a small
    very business like room, the computer sat like a god in the middle of the
    desk with all the state of the art kit around it and it had a very large
    screen, he smiled as he pushed the button.   
She was behind him, he didn't have
    to turn he could smell the perfume, "So what's this little hobby of yours
    honey."   
 As the screen came to life he said, "e-mail
    photography."   
"My that's sound technical," with
    out her seeing he slipped out the floppy and pushed it in the slot.   
Jed looked at her, "Not really,
    what it I do is take photos with a special camera then I can send them to
    any computer I have the e-mail address of, like dads firm or this one or
    I can send to ten at once and of course the pictures are of the highest quality,
    let me show you, I've sent some here."   
He took the arrow to Floppy.(A)
    and pressed. Three rows of numbers came on screen, "You see each one of those
    numbers in them little box's represents a picture that I have sent here;
    just take the arrow up to any box and press this," he showed her how the
    mouse worked and stood back.   
There was a little squeal before, "Oh
    my lord, no, oh no, this can't be."   
Jed smiled at her disbelief, "I
    reckon you done some work for Hustler or Penthouse."   
She pressed another number, she
    looked at him then back at the screen, "Lord sakes no, I've been asked and
    people have tried but my mummy always said, only with the man you wed are
    you naked and in bed, no, oh lord no, this is wrong."   
Jed could see her visibly shaking, "Well
    it don't look wrong to me, in fact they both look alright to me."   
She pressed another button, the
    one of her with the bra swinging in the air and her sticking her tits out
    showed full screen.   
She moved the arrow and pressed
    again, Jed stood a little closer, "Thought you would like to choose the one
    or one's I send to the plant or the club."   
She turned and looked at him, sheer
    terror etched across her face, "No honey, no you can't, you wouldn't do that
    to little old me, no, you and your friends have been company, good company
    and I do declare yesterday was a bit silly I know, but you wouldn't."   
Jed couldn't hide the smile any
    longer as he nodded, "Oh but I would unless you and little old me come to
    an arrangement."   
Totally flustered she spluttered, "Why
    what do you mean, an arrangement."   
Jed lent back against the desk, "Let
    me get this correct, you don't want me to send any of the fabulous pictures
    of you to any-one."   
"Why lord no."   
"You don't want any-one to see what
    fabulous tits you have."   
"My I wish you wouldn't say words
    like that and no of course I don't."   
"Well that's a shame because ether
    everybody get to see them tits or I do."   
"I don't believe that a nice young
    man like you would make me do somethin like that, why would you want to see,
    there must be lot's of nice girls, I'm, I'm well old enough to be your mummy."   
"Ya but my mummy ain't got tits
    like you so make your mind up Mrs Roscoe, you ether open that gown and do
    as I tell you or I open a lot of peoples e-mails."   
"How about I try and get some money,
    then you could show off to some nice girl, now how about that."   
Jed stood up being taller he stood
    close so she had to look up, "Quit stallin, open the gown or I go."   
As she sobbed she shook, her frame
    physically moved and so did her tits, "Plleeeeeesse no."   
Jed put his hands on the lapels, "You
    have no choice, undo the buttons, now,"   
She looked at him then down and
    started to undo the five button she stopped at the third, Jed was watching, "All
    of them." He suddenly realized she might not be wearing much anywhere else.   
She pulled the hem up to undo the
    last button, with one quick movement Jed pulled the lapels open and down,
    his eyes drank in the blue bra and silk French style knickers, the pale blue
    hold up stockings that covered her shaking body right down to the pink toe
    nails he could see peeking out the blue open toed heeled fluffy slippers.   
He forced the gown down and it slipped
    off her arms, "Fold your arms under your tits," her deep blue eyes pleaded
    with him but his were glazed with lust, she shook her head as she folded
    her arms. Trying not to let her see him shaking he grinned at her as he put
    his hands on her shoulder, hooked his thumbs in the bra straps and pulled
    sideways.   
With her arms folded underneath
    the cups fell forward, all Jed had to do was pull and the sight he had wanted
    was before him, he let out a low whistle, he ran his finger tip around her
    huge red areola before he pulled at one of the thick nipple's, she pulled
    back.   
"I do believe I said do as I tell
    you and I didn't tell you to move."   
He was getting bolder she was getting
    frightened, "Please, you said you wanted to look, that's all, look."   
He got hold of both nipples and
    pulled her forward, "Look, touch, you just better keep my fingers busy, they
    can go do something else and you would be the talk of the town."   
He could see she was thinking about
    what the consequences might be. He put his hands on her waist and bent, smiling
    at her as he did then he put his mouth over the nipple and started sucking
    like a baby, he made silly mmmmm noises, before standing up and looking at
    her.   
"Now they are nice, so here's the
    arrangement, you be here at ten tomorrow and I will come and take some pictures
    of you, you be here and that's the end of it, no questions, agreed?"   
"You just gona take some pictures
    and you won't do nothin with them."   
"I'm gona take pictures and your
    gona be here, deal because if you ain't, then a lot of people got mail."   
"I will be here."   
He let her go, she turned away from
    him, he took the chance and slipped the floppy out and closed the computer
    down.   
He got hold of his dads camera,
    fitted all the attachments to it and put some lettering on it and arrived
    at ten, she was sitting in the lounge, he breezed in through the patio doors, "And
    how's my model today?"   
"I don't wana talk, just wana get
    it over with."   
He smiled, "Now that ain't nice
    and you better be nice, lets go to your bedroom and pick some nice things
    for you to be photo'd in."   
Her lingerie draw was amazing and
    then he found the box of some of her old dancing gear, he had her changing
    in to everything and making her smile in to the bargain.   
Then the topless shots, she moaned
    but Jed just warned her, then he pretended to e-mail them to his home, "How
    about I send some of the topless ones, especial that one with you in the
    cowboy hat to the plant, hubby would like to show that round the office."   
She almost fell at his feet, begging
    him not to, he smiled down at her.   
"O K you win, I won't, well maybe
    I won't, unless we have the pants off, you on the bed and a few nude still
    life studies."   
She went to speak he quickly said, "No
    don't say a word, you just think about the alternative, I'll give you a couple
    of minutes while I get your hubbies e-mail address on line."   
Ever time she went to speak he just
    shook his head and looked at his watch until she stood by the bed, pushed
    her pants down and climbed on, Jed put the camera to his eye, "O K Trixie,
    get them big tits pointing at me and spread them legs, your going to show
    me some hot totty."   
As he walked back home he had no
    idea how he was going to get the film developed but he would find a way even
    if he had to call on some favours from L A, his biggest problem was keeping
    it a secret.   
By eight thirty that night he had
    told Rod, Dan and Pete the whole story, he was the man he was the one who
    got to see her and play with a bit of totty so up theirs.   
Pete and Dan watched the big car
    pull away from the house; they waited, in another hour she came out by the
    pool. A peach coloured beach suit of a bikini top and jacket with wide shorts
    swayed around her, the one thing they did notice was she was very unsteady
    on her feet. They moved from their hiding place and pushed through the conifers
    and across the lawn; they saw her drinking.   
 As they approached they saw her
    look at them then past them, she wasn't her usual loud self, in fact she
    sounded drunk "Why hello you two, is it just you two none of them others,
    is that Jed with you?"   
Pete and Dan got to the side of
    her, "No it's just us, and we ain't your mindless coloured boys nether, we
    know about you and Jed, so why ask?"   
She sat up, "Why, I didn't mean
    no disrespect but he's such a terrible boy, he's no gentleman I can tell
    you that, not like fine upstanding boys like you. But he came round, I thought
    he'd come to ask me a few questions, I thought he was interested but my lord
    he," they stopped her.   
"You and him, we know you have been
    posing for him and you enjoyed it, you and your show girl ways now your trying
    to lie your way out of it, wait until we show these pictures to your husband,
    you and a boy of his age and you know the legal age in this county, you are
    going to be in deep shit lady."   
 As she carried on her protest she
    tried to stand but Dan pushed her back down, "I think I'll go check your
    e-mails, bet we got some stuff on it, if not we can always put something
    on it."   
He turned and walked towards the
    house, she got up and tried to get to him, to stop him, but Pete caught her
    arm, "Not so fast, you want to see then you better come with me."   
She was forced to walk slowly beside
    him; they got to the computer as Dan pretended to switch it off, he turned
    and looked at the short well developed woman then up to his brother, "They
    sixth didn't get downloaded but the rest are saved on the hard drive, I've
    put a password on so they can't be deleted, we can e-mail the password to
    the R A M and it will show when someone goes in to their business documents."   
Pete tried hard to control his smile
    as he heard his brother talking such rubbish, but she was soaking it up like
    a sponge, the terror on her face was a picture as Pete said, "Where do you
    keep your drink, you look like you could do with a stiff one."   
The two tall teenagers laughed at
    Pete's last remarks as they walked ether side of the trembling woman, they
    reached a ornate cabinet, she opened it, there was very little in there until
    she pulled at the side panels, then six full bottles of a clear liquid stood
    in a row, she picked one out and Pete handed her a glass, "You have yourself
    a couple then we will talk about you and your goings on with Jed."   
She made short work of that drink
    and looked at Pete, "What did you want to ask," Pete smiled back, "Oh no,
    have another, you looked like you'd had a few when we arrived, so try another."   
She spilt some as she poured another,
    Dan put his hand under her arm, held her steady and made sure the glass was
    full, they just stood and watched her until she emptied it, she was now very
    unsteady, there was almost a giggly in her voice, when she slurred, "What
    did you wha, wana ask little old mlee, I didn't do nothin, lord no."   
She stood or rather swayed as Pete
    sat on the sofa beside her, Dan stood behind, "With what he's about to say
    I'd have another drink,"   
She half turned as Dan poured some
    in her glass, "What you all mean," the southern drawl becoming longer with
    the addition of drink.   
 Pete put his elbows on his knees, "We
    know all your lies, we know all about you and Jed, the way you let him kiss
    your nipples," lying like a pro he said "We have seen and got pictures of
    you naked, and we can guess what else you been up to."   
Her little head shook, her hair
    bobbed furiously, "I didn't do nothin," Pete smiled up at her, "Well that's
    all right then, your husband will not believe the pictures then or how they
    got took?"   
"Oh you ain't gentle," she burped, "Oh
    pardy me, gentlemen, you wouldn't do that not after I done let you use my
    pool."   
"Whether we are going to tell your
    husband what you get up to, is up to you, it's going to ruin your life soon
    you won't have a pool to let us poor coloured folk use, what do you want
    to do about."   
She sank the rest of the liquid
    in the glass, "What can I slay or dalo for you boys to stop you spread, spreading
    such wicked lieshh, people are bound to slink the whorst, they allwahs have
    bout me."   
Dan bent forward and whispered in
    her ear, "As you keep saying we can ask you anything and this time you will
    answer then we will see what you can dalo for us little-ol boys."   
Pete looked up at her, "First you
    can tell us how you liked to be fucked," he put his hand on her leg just
    under the shorts, she tried to move back but Dan was there.   
"My I can't tell you boys things
    like that," Pete was stroking her leg just letting it slid above her knee, "My
    mother always said only the, eeerrr, only the, no," Pete's hand was now completely
    under the leg of the shorts stroking the front of her thigh.   
She was drunk and flustered, she
    was almost lying on Dan, as she tried to continue, "What, eerrr what was
    I eerr saying oh yes, only the man you wed should you b, b, be naked and
    eerrr in b, b, bed, oooohhh."   
As she said bed Dan brought his
    hand round and squeezed as much as he could of her huge breasts, it was difficult
    to find the nipple behind the thick bra top, "You still haven't told us how
    you like to be fucked, are you wet now?"   
One thing she was; was breathing
    heavy, "Now you bouuys stop this."   
Dan took the glass from her and
    put it on the table, his arms holding hers tightly to her side, now both
    his hands went to work on her breast's, "If you don't tell us my brother
    may just find out for himself," Pete's hand was now stroking all over her
    thigh, running round the back then to the front then letting the fingers
    brush her panty line near her crutch.   
"Now pleeease you boy's you got
    to stop all this."   
Dan looked down at Pete and nodded,
    Pete's hand slid towards her pants, under the middle gusset of the shorts
    and he fingered the out line of her mound and the lips of her cunt as Dan
    said, "You ain't married to Jed but he's seen you naked and in bed, us black
    boys not good enough for you, is that it or did you just need a fuck."   
"Wh, why heavens no, I, I mean he's
    eerr, just a, a boy, oh stop."   
Dan pulled at the little top, pulling
    it off, as he pulled the straps down he said, "If we stop doing this then
    you know what we will do we start talking to hubby, now what would you rather
    we did, played with these big tittie's of yours or tell on you and by the
    way it's time for an answer, how do you like to be fucked, hard or slow?"   
Dan slid his hand inside the peach
    coloured cup and suddenly felt the long hard nipple as it nestled in his
    palm, she tried to move but didn't take a lot of stopping because at the
    same time Pete found the edge of her pants, her legs were slightly open and
    he felt the flesh of her labia, he pushed up along the lip and in to the
    cradle of her clit, it was protruding out of the folds and hard. With one
    hand he rubbed at it, with the other he pulled his phone from his pocket.   
Dan could see what Pete was up to,
    he pulled at her nipple, making her look back and up at him "You still haven't
    told us," Pete lent his hand back and clicked off some shots and slipped
    the phone back in his pocket, Dan carried on massaging her tit's, " Are you
    going to tell me, how you like a cock up your cunt, do you like it slow or
    do you like men pumping pussy fast."   
She moved, Dan could feel she was
    aroused, he slid his right hand away and to a bottle, carefully filled her
    glass and brought it round in front, "Here you have some more before you
    tell us all about how your little pussy likes to suck in a big cock."   
She went to say, "Pleease you boys
    must," before she finished Dan pushed her hand to her mouth and the glass
    to her lips and she drank, he held the glass to her and whispered, "Your
    right we boys must, but as you won't tell us, how's this," Pete pushed his
    fingers in to her wet cunt and rolled her hard clitoris with his thumb.   
Trixie dropped the glass as Dan
    held on to her by her tits, "Oh my lord, oh thisshh is so wrong, aahh, I
    shouldn't let you ba, booouuyys do lish, aahh." Pete was sliding his fingers
    in and out slowly, flicking them side to side as fast as he could while pushing
    his thumb hard against her nub.   
Dan, still standing behind her had
    her bra straps down her arms as he massaged her tits, tickling around her
    large areolas then on to her long nipples, "Is that nice, do you like a slow
    finger fuck, your nipples are hard and horny, are you?"   
Her head lolled back, "Oh lord nooo,
    aahh."   
Pete looked up, "Or do you like
    it hard and fast," he started to speed his fingers up, twisting and screwing
    up her, letting his thumb thump in to her clit.   
Pete could feel how wet her cunt
    was, he slowed then got the speed up again, then slowed again before another
    burst of hard thrusting both boys listened to her groans. Dan used one hand
    to pull down his shorts, his long black snake hung swollen and semi erect;
    he started to pull her arms behind her. Pete used his free hand to pull her
    shorts and pants down, slowly they slipped over her large round ass, she
    was to far gone to realize as his fingers worked on her.   
In one quick movement his fingers
    slipped out, her shorts and pants hit the floor and his fingers were back
    up her.   
Dan moved her arms back using his
    until her little hand came in contact with his swollen cock, he bent, "You
    get your hand round him, he won't bite," she open her hand to try and move
    it but all she did was excite Dan even more, it was now hard enough to be
    prodding her in the back.   
As Dan told her to get hold of it
    so Pete moved forward and gave her cunt a long lick with his rough tongue,
    her whole body sank and Dan had to use all his strength to hold her, her
    legs were open so Pete licked her again and again, she was breathing so hard
    her tits rose up and down almost covering Pete's head.   
Dan moved and pulled her hand forcing
    it on to his cock, Pete carried on fingering her cunt but stood, so he had
    chance to remove his shorts. Trixie with her legs now bent and open held
    on to Dan's cock, all the boys could hear was her heavy panting and groans, "Oh
    lord oh this ain't right aahh, yes ahh, ahh.   
Pete kept up the assault on her
    cunt but they were both bending her, positioning her; Dan was holding under
    her tits and letting her head fall forward, the height of her and the two
    boys meant that she was easily in position at there waist level, Pete's cock
    pointing at her face, he held her shoulders and wiped the head of his cock
    over her cheek, catching the corner of her mouth, he smiled as he saw a coating
    of lipstick on the end of his cock.   
Now his brother was holding her
    it allowed Dan to keep her hand on his cock while with his other he could
    slide his hand down over her bare ass and between her legs continuing to
    work on her wet cunt, his finger now pushing up and in.   
With a swift movement of his foot
    Pete hooked his shorts got them up to his hand and grabbed at the phone,
    he opened it and started talking more shots from every angle as Trixie started
    to head for her first orgasm.   
Dan could see she was coming, Pete
    dropped the phone and held her tight, Dan pulled his cock out of her hand
    and bent his knees and replaced his fingers with his cock, it sank in and
    he started fucking her as hard as he could, driving at her until she climaxed,
    and was she a screamer, the southern belle could sure shout, "Oh lord you
    black bastard, fuck me"' at a high decibel pitch.   
She sank to her knees Dan went down
    with her; her cunt still sucking at his cock; Pete took the opportunity to
    take some more shots.   
Pete looked at his brother, "You
    come up her," Dan smiled back, "Not yet, I'll wait till later," he pulled
    out of her, she rolled over, her huge tits covered her chest and fell ether
    side as she looking up at them, she half mumbled half cried, "That was so
    wrong," Pete bent down beside her, held her head up and showed her the screen
    on the phone, "Looks good to me, now I would say," he clicked the arrow under
    the blue button until one of her being well fucked by Dan appeared, "That's
    the one to send to hubby."   
They lifted her up, Dan pulled off
    the hanging bra; now totally naked she stood unsteadily between the two boys,
    Pete got hold of her hair and pulled it back so she had to look up at him, "We
    ain't finished with you yet, lets go somewhere more comfortable, we are going
    to fuck you a lot more this afternoon," Dan pulled her chin round to him, "You
    get my cock in one hand his cock in your other hand and lead us to temptation
    or in plan words your bedroom, lets go fuck you on your bed."   
She looked down at the two cocks,
    Dan's glistened with wet from her cunt, like liquorish, long, thick shiny
    liquorish, Pete's, just as big and black but hard and the pink end pointing
    at her, she looked back up at them, "You boy's shouldn't be doing this, it's
    wrong, I owe it to my husband, I ain't that type of lady, you boys have taken
    advantage of me, my nice nature and drink why can't you just go, I promise
    not to say nothin.   
Dan stroked her breast and pulled
    the nipple, "Of course you won't say nothin, but we all know you can fuck
    and your hot cunt wants to fuck and we just want to fuck it and yes, we are
    going to take advantage of you, come on lady you like your titties played
    with and your cunt licked and fucked, if your old man don't want to be at
    home fucking you then we will do it for him, you just do what we told you
    to do, grab a cock in both hands and lets go to your bedroom and see what
    kind of lady you really can be turned in to."   
The two brothers grinned at each
    other as they followed her upstairs, her walking, looking ridiculous, one
    step in front, her hands behind her wrapped round two long black cocks. She
    lead them in to her bedroom, she stopped, Dan said, "Don't stop now just
    keep going the beds over there," she lead them to the bed, with a stinging
    slap on her ass, Pete propelled her on to the bed.   
They laid her side ways across the
    bed as they lay ether side, Dan bent and started sucking on the huge nipples,
    Pete bent but before his mouth latched on to the long pink bud he told her, "Get
    your hands back on our cocks and play with them, while we play with you."   
She lay gazing at the ceiling as
    her little hands pumped the two long black cocks up and down the boys sucked
    greedily on her nipples, soon their fingers found their way back and in to
    her cunt.   
It didn't take them long to get
    her juice's flowing again, their active fingers pushing at the already aroused
    cunt, they both sucked and licked at her long nipples, their eyes meet as
    she moaned and her legs opened more, they took that as their signal to get
    her going again.   
Dan kept his fingers working up
    her rapidly heating cunt while Pete started to push his wet finger in to
    her ass-hole, little gasps came from her as their fingers went further, Pete
    could feel Dan through the thin membrane, they started to work faster, the
    fingers pushing further faster their mouths sucking furiously at the nipples.   
They could hear her as she sucked
    in air, her body humped up on the bed, her hips thrusting as the fingers
    excited her towards another climax, her little voice squealed at them, calling
    them names but interjected with, "Fuck oh fuck yes there more there oh lord
    there, pleeease," Dan nodded to Pete and they suddenly rolled away from her,
    stood by the bed and watched her body as it squirmed.   
They looked at the writhing woman
    as she cried out, "Fucking lord, no, no don't stop, pleassse oh lord do it," Dan
    looked at, "On your knees, lets see them tits swing while I stick my cock
    in your beautiful southern mouth and my brother fucks what ever is left."   
She groaned as the boys pulled her
    up and round on to all fours, they couldn't resist and grabbed at the enormous
    tits as they almost touched the bed, the weight and her arousal forcing the
    nipples long and very pinchible, the boys thought so as they rolled them
    between their fingers.   
Her ass rotated as she moaned, Dan
    stuck his thumb in the open mouth and pushed, she groaned, he could feel
    her lips suck as her hand slid between her legs searching, Pete slapped it
    away, "Oh no my cock is going to do that hole, I'm going to fill it for of
    hard black meat and fuck my little southern lady and you will be grateful."   
Both boys climbed on the bed, Pete
    tickled the heated wet hole, she said, "Oh you bad boys you sh----aaahggg," Dan
    stuck his cock in her mouth and pulled her head forward, "Now don't you worry
    about us bad boys just you suck on that thick black meat in your little old
    sweet mouth honey."   
Pete pushed at her cunt the lips
    opened under his pressure and he slid the head in. Little moans escaped her
    mouth as she sucked noisily at the cock now touching her throat, slowly Pete
    pushed, as he watched the ass wiggled and dipped almost sucking his thick
    long length in.   
Further he pushed still not doing
    anything, she was wiggling fast trying to excite him enough for him to thrust
    in to her but he wouldn't, he lent forward, took his weight on one arm then
    swung the other arm under her and started rolling her long hard nipples,
    pulling at them hard as she grunted between mouthfuls of Dan's cock.   
He said, "You want it hard, honey,
    you want a thick black old cock fucking your cunt real fast, something big
    not like hubbies little white dick but hard and fast, that what you want,
    come on white trash, come on you cock hunger black meat sucker come on tell
    me before I pull these fucking nipples off, tell me you want me to fuck your
    worthless cunt," he smiled up at Dan who just pulled his cock out of her
    mouth long enough for her to say, "Fuck my cunt fast and hard, come on fill
    me you fucking black bastard I want your cock fucking me now."   
Both boys drilled in to the little
    blond banging her as hard as they could, her little hand got hold of Dan's
    cock and pulled it hard, back and forth jerking it off in to her mouth, her
    lips sucking at the head then pushing forward she took half of it in to the
    back of her throat.   
Pete had his arms right round her
    thighs and between her legs, his fingers rubbing hard on the nub end of her
    clit, his cock thumped in to her hard and fast, lifting her almost off the
    bed as her tits swung wildly under her.   
She started to cum, Pete felt the
    juice all over his length, then she bucked, her cunt spat juice and she giggled
    silly noises past Dan's cock. The boys slowed down, Dan pulled his cock out
    but Pete just kept slowly fucking her, then he grabbed round her and dragged
    her back to him, the were both kneeling but he still had his cock up her.   
Pete stood on the bed looking at
    her, she was breathing heavy moving her hips as she was now fully impaled
    on the huge cock up her cunt, she looked at Pete, he smiled Back, "Hold them
    big titties together, I'm gona fuck off between them."   
She gathered them together and he
    bent his legs, slid himself between them and started to fuck her chest, the
    wet from her mouth and throat now slipping between her huge globes; Pete
    started to gyrate his hips forcing his cock to move inside her, she moaned.   
The boys couldn't hold for any longer,
    with her cunt now jumping at Pete's dick buried all the way up it, and her
    holding her tits hard together while bending her head and letting her tongue
    lick over the head of Dan's cock as it pistoned in and out of her huge tits,
    they came.   
She lay on the bed, her tits and
    face covered in white globs of cum, the backs of her thighs ran wet with
    her and Pete's juice and the two boys smiled at the well fucked blond. Pete
    bent forward and rubbed the cum on to her nipple, looked at his brother, "Bet
    she could lick that off herself, be nice to see."   
The two of them pulled her up and
    sat ether side of her, both put there hand under a tit, Pete held the back
    of her head, she protested but Dan forced her nipple at her mouth, "Come
    on clean yourself off, lick your tits."   
Unable to escape, her tongue started
    to lick over her nipple, the strands of cream went from nipple to mouth and
    looked real sexy to the boys, their fun was stopped by a noise down stairs,
    everybody froze until a voice said, "All your clothes are down here so what's
    going on up there," it was Rod.   
Pete shouted, "Try the bedroom," they
    heard footsteps up the stairs when Rod put his head round, "You are having
    a good time, mind if I join you?" They had not stopped her, she still had
    her tits held up to her mouth, Pete shook her head, "Nobody told you to stop,
    lick that juice you cock hungry cunt."   
Rod started to take his clothes
    off, "Is that right, she's cock hungry," he went to the front of her, "You
    hungry for more?" Trixie looked at him, "No, no it's not fair, I ain't done
    nothin to you boys, yet you come here and force me to do terrible things,
    you must go, all of you."   
Pete shook her again, "See that
    white cock well that ain't bad for a white boy so you just get it in your
    mouth and start the blowing and while your doing the sucking and blowing
    open your legs while we do our own thing."   
She sat on the bed, legs open with
    the two coloured boys playing with her cunt and tits while her mouth sucked
    at Rod's cock, Pete looked up at the grinning Rod, "Now I don't mean to be
    disrespectful but being as you ain't so big as us and being as we ain't poked
    this little ladies ass maybe you would like it if we take her in a three
    way split."   
Rod was holding her head but she
    still tried to shake it, Dan stopped her, "You don't have any say in what,
    when and how we poke you, we know you fuck and you fuck good, we know your
    old man don't do you, so from now on we do you, you understanding, we come
    here when we like, you be here when we want and we fuck you any way it pleases
    us and it pleases us now for all three of us to fuck you at the same time.   
Dan was soon laying on his back,
    his full hard length waiting for her to sit on, he couldn't help but grab
    at the big nipples as she slid down over his cock. Rod pushed her down, Dan
    pulled the tits up and in to his mouth as Rod started to push up her rectum,
    sliding in to it, as the entrance closed over it she moaned, Pete said, "Oh
    she likes a stiff one up her ass," as he dragged her head on to his cock,
    Rod slapped her ass, smiled at his mates and said, "Let the fucking begin."   
All her complaining and protesting
    was soon gone as she squealed and humped as her holes throbbed to the fucking
    of hard cocks, the boys enjoyed her, slapping her ass, pulling at the long
    nipples, squeezing the huge tits and tormenting her, telling her they where
    going to be fucking her all the time from now on, her cunt, ass, mouth and
    tits were theirs to do when ever they wanted, she was going to relieve the
    boredom they had in this one horse town, if her husband had fucked with them
    by bringing their fathers to this god forsaken hole they were going to fuck
    him by using his wife's fucking holes to pleasure themselves in.   
The three of them emptied themselves
    in to her, Pete had shoot himself again all over her tits he just couldn't
    get enough of watching her clean her own tits with her tongue, so much so
    that before they left she was made to suck them all off again, only to find
    herself finishing them off with her hand, jerking their cum on to her tits
    ready for another nipple licking session.   
The three went back to Rods house,
    Jed was there, he asked, "What you lot been doing," Pete said, "Just working
    on the project."   
Jed laughed at them, "You poor fucks,
    I been looking at them pictures and as for the others I took I got people
    to develop them, you boys got no idea about getting totty, pity we won't
    be able to go back to the pool but at least I got to see her naked and I
    got to suck on them great big tits and what did you get, to work on a project,
    your pathetic, you want a drink, tell you what I feel sorry for you having
    to work on your project all day you must be tired I'll get you all some lemonade." As
    Jed went to the kitchen he was laughing so much that he didn't hear Pete
    say to Rod, "Talking of lemonade what time is she going to be fucking us
    tomorrow?" Rod said, "I told her to be naked on the bed, legs, ass and mouth
    open at ten thirty, all right for you two."   
 Pagan.   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





