BDSM Library - Denise's Summer of Slavery




Denise's Summer of Slavery
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The first in what I hope to be a series of Summer of Slavery stories. Denise spends an entire summer at the mercy of her two brothers.Denise's Summer of Slavery 
Denise's father walked in on her while she was
  taking a shower. Opening the shower door he pulled her out soaking wet. She
  fell into his arms without a fight and he kissed her forehead.  
 Denise was sixteen. Her father had been sexually molesting her since she
  was eleven. It was the family secret that no one else knew, not even her mother
  or her two brothers. But that would soon change.  
Denise's father ran his hands over her breasts
  as he spoke. "Your mother and I will be going away for the summer, Denise," he
  said. "You'll be alone with your two brothers. We trust the three of you to
  take care of the house and not get into trouble." He paused. "I've instructed
  your brothers to do with you as they wish. I trust you will not give them any
  trouble. Am I right?"  
"Yes," Denise answered quietly, keeping her head
  down.  
Her father smiled. "Good. I'm sure it will be an
  enjoyable summer then. Now finish your shower." Her father left her alone in
  the bathroom again.  
At sixteen, Denise was the middle child. She was
  about five foot three, sort of brown hair that she liked to dye very dark brown
  almost black sometimes. She had brown eyes and perfect skin and breasts, a
  gorgeous body.  
Jake was the older brother. He was eighteen. This
  was his last summer at home as he'd be leaving for college in the fall.  
Eric was the younger brother. He was only fifteen,
  a freshman in high school. All three of them attended the same high school.  
The day came to drop their parents off at the airport.
  The whole family drove down. When it was time to leave, everyone exchanged
  their goodbyes. Denise's father kissed her on the forehead and told her to "be
  a good girl this summer."  
On the drive back Denise grew apprehensive. She
  knew that something was going to happen and she wondered when. But nothing
  did. The rest of that day her brothers treated her no differently than before.
  Denise began to hope that her father had just played a joke on her, or her
  brothers had decided not to do anything. She fell asleep that night apprehensive,
  but feeling a little better than she had when the day began.  
When Denise awoke the next morning she went through
  her usual routine. She slipped out of her nightgown, admired herself in the
  mirror in her bra and panties, and opened the closet.  
None of her clothes were in there.  
She opened her other closet.  
None of her clothes were in that one either.  
Terrified that her father's promise was about to
  become a reality, Denise opened the door.  
Sitting there, in front of her door was a table.
  On it was a black rubber dress, black stockings, and black strapped heels.
  There was also a note.  
Take everything else off and put this
      on  .  
Denise carried the clothes back into her room with
  her head down.  
She took off her bra and tried to slide into the
  black rubber dress. It was small, extremely tight on her and she could barely
  squeeze into it. The dress barely went just over her ass, extending only a
  couple inches beyond it. She slid the stockings on next and then slid her foot
  into the heels. They were too small, even after adjusting the straps and she
  wobbled a bit in them. When she was completely dressed she looked at herself
  in her mirror. It made her want to cry. She looked like a total slut, ready
  to be used by anybody. And what made it worse was: it was true.  
Denise slowly walked out of her room, down the
  hallway, and down the stairs. When she walked into the family room she saw
  both of her brothers sitting on a couch. Jake stood up first.  
"So nice to see you this morning, Denise," he said. "You
  look absolutely ravishing that dress. Why don't you come to the center of the
  room so we can admire your body?" Denise did as she was told. Jake smiled and
  walked up to her. Placing his fingers under her chin, he lifted her head so
  their eyes met and pecked her gently on the lips. "It's going to be such a
  fun summer, don't you think Denise?" he asked.  
"Yes," she whispered, barely audible.  
"Kneel, Denise," Jake commanded. Denise knelt. "Put
  your hands behind your back." Denise did as she was told. Eric stared on in
  awe. He was clearly getting excited.  
Jake grabbed some rope that he had brought down
  and walked behind her. Setting her wrists next to each other, Jake quickly
  and expertly wrapped the rope around them. Denise's father had never tied her
  up before so she had no idea what to expect. She was surprised Jake was so
  good with this stuff. When he finished the wrists her bound her ankles and
  knees as well. He bound her wrists to her knees and then lifted her up and
  set her on the coffee table. Setting her onto it, he wrapped rope around her
  knees, waist, and upper back, securing her completely on her stomach, to the
  coffee table. Then he bound her heels to one of the ropes holding her to the
  table, placing her in an uncomfortable position. To top it all of he slid a
  ball gag in her mouth.  
"There she is, Eric," Jake said. "All ours for
  an entire summer. We can do anything we want to her sexually. As long as we
  leave no permanent marks, she's all ours."  
"It's gonna be a great summer," Eric said, rubbing
  his hands together.  
"Yes it is," said Jake, patting Denise's ass. "We're
  going to have a great time, aren't we, Denise?"  
Denise couldn't do anything. A tear trickled down
  her cheek. Jake laughed.  
Jake left the room, leaving Eric alone with Denise.
  At fourteen, this was Eric's first chance to ever really do anything with a
  girl. And now he would have an entire summer to experiment with his very own
  sister! He could do anything. He was going to know every way to please a woman
  by the time this summer was over.  
Jake returned with his camera, taking pictures
  of Denise. When his roll of film ran out he untied her from the table and set
  her hogtied body down on the floor. And released her from her hogtie. Lifting
  her, Jake set her on the couch and laid her across his lap. He rubbed her stomach
  as he discussed all the things that would happen to her this summer.  
"Yes Denise, we're going to have a ton of fun.
  Endless blow jobs, tons of sex, Eric here is finally going to learn about a
  woman. This summer is shaping up to be memorable. But first, I think I'd like
  you to make us lunch. So let's get you untied and out by the stove, where you
  ought to be."  
Jake and Eric went to work untying her. When she
  was completely free of the ropes, Jake guided her hands in front of her and
  bound them again. "You can cook like that, right Denise?" he asked, smiling.  
"Yes," she whispered and walked out to the kitchen.
  She got to work cooking, feeling like a complete whore doing it, while Jake
  and Eric made sexual comments. She struggled but finally managed to cook the
  dinner, even with Jake constantly coming out and rubbing her tits or licking
  her ears while she cooked. Eric came out occasionally as well, to slap her
  ass slid his hand over her breasts, but he was still to tentative, still learning
  from Jake, afraid to do much on his own.  
Setting the table was a struggle with her bound
  hands, as was carrying the food out. Somehow she managed without spilling a
  drop. But when she went to pull her chair out, Jake stopped her.  
"You can't eat until you give both of us blow jobs."  
Sighing, Denise crawled under the table. She gave
  Jake one first, unzipping his zipper and taking his cock in her mouth, sucking
  off her older brother for the first time. Eric was next, another first for
  her and a first for him as well. She swallowed every drop. When it was done
  she slid out from under the table but Jake didn't let her get up. Instead he
  set her food plate down on the floor and forced her to eat there. Crying now,
  she did as she was told.  
When lunch was over, Jake had her clear the table
  and load the dishwasher, then give both himself and Eric another blow job.
  After that was all over, Jake bound her wrists behind her back and hogtied
  her again, leaving her on the family room floor.  
Eric was still excited by everything though. After
  staring at Denise in wonder for about fifteen minutes he finally walked over
  and started to free her from her hogtie. He struggled with the ropes since
  he had never worked with them before but eventually was able to get the hogtie
  loose.  
He dragged her over to the couch and lifted her
  up on it, sitting her down. He removed her ball gag and hesitantly moved his
  mouth towards hers. She opened her mouth and accepted his tongue as he started
  to kiss her. He held her face as their tongues twirled, Eric's in ecstasy,
  Denise's in shame. When he was finished, Eric pulled back and smiled.  
Eric slid his hands down her body to her breasts.
  He rubbed them through the rubber dress, squeezing them, playing with them,
  experimenting with a woman's tits for the first time in his life.  
Standing her up straight, Eric stood up against
  her and reached around, rubbing her ass, again, getting a good feel of a woman's
  body for the first time in his life. Jake came down in the middle of this.  
Eric heard Jake's laugh and quickly pulled away,
  afraid he might be in trouble. But Jake encouraged him. "It's okay Eric, that's
  why she's here. You'll have all summer to experiment on her. Don't be afraid
  to try things."  
Denise, still un-gagged, said nothing during all
  of this.  
Eric didn't start up again. "I'll do some more
  stuff later," he said.  
Jake smiled. "Fine with me." He slid the ball gag
  back into Denise's mouth and patted her ass a couple times. "Fun times ahead," Jake
  said.  
After dinner and a couple more blow jobs, the boys
  stripped Denise nude, cuffed her hands behind her back, and got her in the
  shower. All three of them got in at once, the boys caressing every inch of
  Denise's nude body. Helpless, Denise stood there and tried not to cry. When
  they were finished they allowed Denise to go the bathroom, then led her to
  her room. Once there, Jake freed her wrists then spoke.  
"We'll let you sleep free tonight, Denise," he
  said. "But no tricks. The doors and windows are locked and I'll be setting
  the alarm. So don't try anything stupid, 'cause it won't work. If you do, I'll
  have to punish you tomorrow, you understand?" She nodded. "Good. We took it
  easy on you today, since it was the first day. They all won't be like this." He
  paused and looked at her for a few seconds before continuing. "Now get some
  rest. No clothes either. G'night." He and Eric left the room and when Jake
  shut the door he locked it with his key.  
Holding back tears, Denise slowly crawled into
  her bed and tried to sleep. She felt so naked and helpless, which she was,
  and it made her want to cry. But she reminded herself that one day was already
  over. Only seventy-seven more to go.  
When her alarm went off the next morning, Denise
  shot awake. She hadn't remembered setting it and then realized that one of
  her brothers had done it for her. Looking at the clock she saw it was a quarter
  after nine. She had slept restlessly, tossing and turning quite a bit. Standing
  up she stared at her nude body in the mirror and wanted to cry. Walking again
  to her closet she saw that it was still empty. Opening her door she again saw
  the table in front of it. This time, a white silk bra and panties were on top
  of it. Wiping away a couple of tears, Denise put them on, moved the table,
  and walked downstairs.  
Once again, both of her brothers were awake and
  waiting for her on the couches. She walked down with her head down. When she
  reached the bottom of the steps, she stood there in front of them, head down,
  waiting sadly for instruction.  
"Come here, Denise," Jake ordered. She walked over
  to him. Standing up, Jake took her wrists and set them behind her back, but
  did not tie them. Instead, he started massaging her breasts, through her bra.
  Sliding his hand down, he then started fingering her. Denise, despite her efforts,
  could feel herself starting to orgasm. She grew angry and ashamed with herself,
  and when Jake sensed the orgasm building he quickly stopped. Her orgasm receded
  and Denise turned red with mixed emotions. Jake smiled. He patted her ass a
  couple times and said, "Go cook us breakfast. Eggs, bacon, toast, sausage,
  the works. Get to it." Head down, Denise walked to the kitchen and started
  to prepare the meal.  
When she was finished she called Jake and Eric
  out to the kitchen table. Denise had set three places at the table in the hopes
  that she would be allowed to sit and eat with them today but when Jake saw
  this he laughed.  
"No, no, no, Denise," he said, laughing. "You'll
  eat on the floor, just like yesterday, and everyday from now on. Now don't
  make that mistake again."  
He scooped out food for himself, then bound Denise's
  wrists behind her back and knelt her down on the floor. Taking some of the
  sausage, he placed it into a dog bowl and set it down in front of her. Ashamed,
  Denise slowly at the meal.  
Finished with everything, Jake cleared the table
  and put the dishes in the sink, then led Denise back into the family room.
  There he laid her out on the couch and started tying up the rest of her body.
  He bound her elbows, ankles, and thighs as well, and roped her in a very strict
  hogtie. Then he slid a large white ball gag into her mouth. She sat on the
  couch, tied very tightly, with a ball gag that was too big stuffed into her
  mouth and clearly in discomfort, as Jake once again took pictures of her.  
When he was done with his pictures, Jake
    pulled an object out of his pocket and set it down in front of Denise. "Do
    you know what this is?" 
  Denise looked at the object and then back at Jake but showed no reaction. Jake
  smiled.   
"I'm sure you do, but I'll explain it anyway. This
  is a vibrator. What's going to happen is I'm going to slide this thing into
  your vagina and turn it on, and it's going to bring you to orgasm." Jake clicked
  the vibrator on. "And while it's doing that, you're going to give us blow jobs." Jake
  smiled and slid the vibrator under her panties and into her vagina. Denise
  tensed up immediately. Sliding her down the couch a bit, Jake crawled onto
  the couch and pulled down his pants, revealing his rock hard cock to his sister.
  Taking off her ball gag he slid it into her mouth and she started sucking him.
  She made both Jake and Eric cum as she brought herself to a state or orgasm
  as well. When both Jake and Eric were finished, Jake put the ball gag back
  in her mouth and left her alone. She sat on the couch, the vibrator reverberating
  inside her pussy, bringing her to orgasm after orgasm until she finally passed
  out.  
When Denise came to she was still hogtied, laying
  on her side on the couch, with her brother Eric laying next to her. Eric was
  stroking her hair and rubbing his hands up and down her midsection, occasionally
  sliding them under her bra and playing with her breasts. She whimpered at his
  touch and Eric realized she was awake. He called over to Jake, who was reading
  the newspaper on the easy chair.  
"She's up, Jake," he said.  
Jake walked over and looked down at her. Their
  eyes met and he smiled.  
"I've taken the vibrator out," he said. "You certainly
  had fun with that thing." Denise averted her eyes.  
Together, Jake and Eric started to release her
  hogtie and stand her up straight. She was shaky at first but soon regained
  her balance and stood there in front of them, bound and gagged.  
Jake unhooked her bra and moved it up so her breasts
  were exposed, then grabbed a handful of each breast and started sucking on
  them, one at a time. Eric stood there staring as Denise grew red with shame.
  She did not move though and eventually Jake stepped away and looked at Eric.  
"Your turn," he said.  
Hesitantly, Eric walked up and started doing the
  same thing. He got into it as Jake instructed him on what to do. "More rubbing
  and grabbing," "Start sucking now," and "Twist her nipples," were just a few
  of the instructions Jake gave Eric. Eric followed them flawlessly and could
  feel himself starting to get hard. Jake realized this and changed his instructions.  
"Okay Eric, now put your arms around her and place
  your hands on her ass and started rubbing it and grabbing it and all that shit.
  Slap it, grabbing it really tightly, those kinds of things, and while you're
  doing that, rub your hard crotch up against her crotch area and just move up
  and down, up and down." Eric did this for a few moments, whetting his boner
  and making Denise, once again despite her desire not to, felt an orgasm coming
  on. And then Jake had Eric stop.  
"Tonight, Eric," he said, "you will learn many
  more things about our sister. But for now, let's let her rest. She has a very
  busy night tonight."  
Both the brothers smiled and hogtied her again
  on the couch, leaving her alone for a few hours.  
When the brothers returned, Denise was still awake.
  It was dark now, ten at night and they untied her hogtie. Then they freed her
  ankles and thighs and Jake grabbed her elbow and led her upstairs.  
Entering their parents' room, Jake sat her on the
  bed and tied each ankle to the bedposts. Then he unbound her wrists and laid
  her flat on her back, tying each wrist to the bedposts as well, so Denise now
  lay spread eagles, each arm and leg tied to a separate bedpost. Still ball
  gagged, she looked up at Jake, trying to figure out what he planned on doing
  to her in this position.  
Jake removed her ball gag and spoke to her. "Have
  you ever had sex Denise?"  
Denise closed her eyes and felt tears well up in
  her eyes as she realized why she was tied like this. She said nothing at first.  
"I asked you a question, Denise," Jake said.  
"Yes," she responded, barely audible.  
"What?" Jake said, even though he had heard.  
"Yes," she said, a little louder, but still very
  softly.  
"With who?"  
"With dad," she said, nearly whispering again.  
Jake smiled. "Anyone else you little slut?"  
"No," she said, crying softly now.  
Jake gave a short laugh. "That's good. Now you
  can complete the family trio tonight, how does that sound?"  
Denise said nothing. Jake walked over to her and
  grabbed her hair, yanking her face up against his. "I said, how does that sound?"  
"Please don't," she started to beg, but Jake reared
  back and slapped her.  
"Not the answer I wanted to hear, Denise," he said
  harshly. "Now don't say another word."  
She shut her mouth, terrified at Jake's display
  of violence.  
Jake reached down and tore her panties away, then
  took his jeans off and straddled her. Skipping the foreplay, Jake plunged right
  into her vagina.  
"YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Denise
  screamed at the forceful, painful entry Jake had made, while Jake just laughed.
  Rocking back and forth, Jake plunged deeper and deeper into her tortured pussy,
  burying his cock as far in as it would go. He fucked her harshly for thirty
  minutes before releasing a hot jet of his sperm into her body as she cried.
  When he was finished, he crawled off and let Eric get on.  
Eric was much more hesitant than Jake, since it
  was his first time, and was very gentle with Denise. He came very quickly too
  but Jake could see that Eric was enjoying himself very much, still in awe with
  everything. Eric had lost his virginity to his sister.  
When it was over Jake asked him what he thought
  of it while Denise cried.  
"That was fun," Eric said.  
Jake smiled. "Good. Now run off, get a shower and
  go to bed. We've got another busy day tomorrow." Eric left the room and Jake
  started to free Denise, speaking to her as he worked.  
"That was disappointing Denise. I thought you were
  a much better fuck than that. I'll have to punish you for this."  
"Jake, please&hellip;"  
"Shut up, Denise. We've got you for a summer, so
  stop begging, and crying, and whining, and all that bullshit and just do what
  you're told." When she was free, he told her to stand up. He removed her bra
  and taking her wrist, led her back to her room.  
"I didn't get to do as much as I'd hoped today," he
  said, "so tomorrow will be doubly hard for you. Believe me; you will be punished
  for your poor performance tonight." Denise started to cry.  
Once in her room, Jake slid her wrists behind her
  back and cuffed them, then cuffed her ankles with ankle cuffs. He watched as
  she walked over to her bed and laid down on it.  
"It will probably be an uncomfortable sleep," he
  said, "considering the limited movement. But you brought this on yourself.
  I'll see you in the morning."  
Jake turned off the lights and locked the door,
  leaving Destiny, alone, in cuffs, with her tears.  
As the alarm went off, Denise drearily opened her
  eyes. The difficult position she had slept in had not allowed her to sleep
  nearly as long as she needed. Her arms were numb from being cuffed behind her
  all night and she struggled out of bed.  
She looked at herself in the mirror and it made
  her cry. Admiring her body in the mirror used to be a thing of significant
  joy for her. Now it brought tears to her eye. She resolved to stop doing that.
  All it did was torture her mind with the knowledge of what her family had made
  her.  
She struggled to open the door, having to turn
  around and do it with her hands behind her back. Opening the door she saw the
  familiar table waiting in front of it, but this time it had only a key and
  a note. She leaned over to read the note.  
Here's the key for all your cuffs. Take
      them off then get in the shower. By the way we're out of hot water. ;-)   
Slowly crying now, Denise picked up the key and
  went back into her room. She sat on her bed and struggled with the handcuffs
  for several minutes. She tried to look over her shoulder and watch the key
  into the keyhole but it was very difficult. Eventually she felt it slide into
  the keyhole and tried turning it. She was able to twist the key the right way
  and felt the handcuff unlock from her right wrist. She pulled it open and freed
  her wrist, then brought her hand in front of her and unlocked the other wrist.
  She rubbed her wrists and arms quickly, bringing the lifeblood back into them.
  After a few minutes she bent over and easily uncuffed her ankles, then walked
  to the bathroom.  
She turned the water on full heat, hoping that
  possibly her brother had been lying to her but found out he wasn't. There was
  no hot water. In fact, it was freezing cold. She washed as quickly as she could,
  but even beneath the freezing cold water she spent a long amount of time cleaning
  her crotch area, embarrassed and ashamed at the raping her brothers had given
  her. She cried in the shower, and she cried when she stepped out and dried
  herself.  
Walking over to the sink she brushed her teeth
  and cleaned herself up, blow drying her hair and combing it. Wrapping her towel
  around her she opened the door and there saw the familiar table that had been
  moved from down the hall.  
On it sat the day's clothes: all black today. Black
  panties and bra, stockings, and pumps. She gathered the clothes up and closed
  the bathroom door. She slid the clothes on, snapped the stockings onto the
  clips extending from her panties, and walked out.  
She paced up and down the hallway a few times to
  get used to walking in the heels, which were a little tight. She hadn't worn
  heels in several months so she had to get adjusted to them again. When she
  felt ready, she descended down the stairs.  
Her brothers weren't in the family room as she
  expected. Unsure of what to do, she shakily started walking around the house,
  and found them finally in the living room, which was set up as it always was,
  except for one of the chairs from the table was sitting in the middle of it.  
"Take a seat, Denise," Jake commanded and she did.  
Jake took her wrists and pulled them behind the
  chair, binding them together, then separated her legs, tying each leg to a
  separate leg of the chair. He then wrapped rope around her waist and tied it
  to one of the wooden legs beneath the chair, pulling her body out a bit. Then
  he slid a red ball gag into her mouth and snapped it closed.  
"Eric has agreed with me," Jake said, "about your
  disappointing sexual performance last night. And so we have both decided to
  punish you." Denise felt the tears welling up in her eyes again. "But first--" Jake
  held up his camera, "some pictures."  
He snapped a couple rolls of film of Denise sitting
  there, bound, gagged, helpless in front of him, her young body prepared to
  be abused by her two brothers.  
When Jake was finished he spoke again. "Now, Dad
  told us we were not to permanently damage you. Which is why we have this." Jake
  showed her a whip he pulled out of the duffel bag laying at his feet. "A very
  light whip, painful, but not very damaging. So when we hit you with this, it'll
  leave some lash lines, maybe raise a couple of welts, but it won't permanently
  scar you. Which is just what we want. So are you ready?"  
Denise closed her eyes and tensed up as Jake reared
  back and brought the whip down across her stomach. Even if it was a "light" whip,
  it still hurt like hell. Denise yelled when it made contact with her bellybutton
  and would have jumped out of her chair had she not been tied down. Eric stared
  on in awe.  
Jake pulled back again, and once again whipped
  her across the stomach. Again Denise jumped and this time, the tears started
  flowing freely. She started shaking her head and saying something beneath her
  gag that neither of the men could discern. Shrugging, Jake kept whipping her,
  giving her torso fifteen lashes in all. When he tossed the whip aside, her
  belly was bright red, covered with fifteen lash lines. Jake smiled and patted
  her stomach a couple times. "I bet that smarts," he said. Denise cried her
  face now covered in tears.  
Jake slid her bra up, exposing her breasts next,
  then grabbed her nipples and quickly twisted. Again, Denise jolted harshly,
  and yelped in pain, the gag once again muffling her pleas. Smiling now, Jake
  pulled out a bag filled with thumbtacks. Denise looked on in horror, as Jake
  explained their use.  
"Once again, no scars. And as you can see, there's
  hundreds here, enough to cover both your breasts completely. Some drops of
  blood, but nothing major, no noticeable remains once they're gone."  
Jake pushed the first one into her breast. Denise
  gasped in pain. He slowly shoved each one into both of her breasts until they
  were completely covered, so that only her nipples were free of thumbtacks.
  When she passed out, he slid smelling salts under her nose to wake her up.
  And when just the nipples were left, Jake shoved both into those as well, covering
  her breasts in white metal thumbtacks.  
Denise was trembling now in agony, the immense
  pain running through her breasts like fire. Jake irritated it by lifting the
  bra back over her breasts, and fitting it snugly over them, causing the thumbtacks
  to move and dig into her skin more. A couple fell out, and then Jake squeezed
  her breasts.  
Denise's head flew back as the tacks dug deeper
  into her. Some more fell out, but the pain was still overwhelming. She once
  again passed out.  
While she was out, Jake unbound her ankles and
  waist from the chair and gently knelt her down on the floor. With Eric propping
  her up, he bound her ankles and knees again and then slid the smelling salts
  under her nose again. She groggily came awake. Her brothers held her up until
  she was strong enough to regain her balance and realize her predicament. The
  tears coming again, Jake removed the ball gag from her mouth.  
"Time for our blow jobs again, baby," he sneered.  
Denise opened her mouth and accepted both of them,
  making both of them cum. Then Jake stepped behind her and pushed her down.
  She landed squarely on her tortured breasts and screamed.  
"YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"  
Eric sat down on her back, pressing her breasts
  even harder into the carpeted floor and emitting another scream from her throat.  
"YAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!"  
Both the brothers laughed and then Jake slapped
  her ass. "Stop it!" he commanded and she stopped, breathing heavily through
  the pain.  
"Now we're gonna put some in your ass," Jake said,
  sliding her panties down a bit and exposing her rear end.  
"Pl-e-e-e-ase," Denise begged.  
"Hush," Jake said. "Don't scream either."  
Denise tensed her ass muscles as Jake and Eric
  plunged the thumbtacks into her ass as well. She tried her hardest not to scream,
  but eventually the pain became unbearable and she let out a shriek. The brothers
  ignored her and kept shoving the thumbtacks into her ass. When she passed out,
  Jake slid smelling salts beneath her nose until she regained consciousness
  and then the brothers continued. Soon, her ass was covered as much as her breasts
  and Jake slid the panties back up and patted her ass.  
Jake then slid the ball gag back into her mouth
  as Denise cried, leaving her alone with Eric.  
Eric stroked her hair and sat cross legged in front
  of his sister, who was bound and feeling a pain Eric couldn't imagine. Smiling,
  Eric patted her head.  
Eric ran has hands up and down her legs and back,
  occasionally causing Denise to squirm in discomfort when he pressed down on
  her. He massaged her arms and shoulders, feeling every inch of the back of
  her body. Then he quickly flipped her over.  
The thumbtacks dug into her ass for the first time
  and her eyes flew open wide as the pain hit her. She cried and looked up with
  pleading eyes at her younger brother, hoping to see some sign of mercy. Eric
  smiled.  
Eric started groping her breasts, worsening her
  tortured, then started rubbing her stomach as well, which was still sore from
  the whipping. She cried.  
Then he slid his hand down her panties.  
Denise was startled and disgusted as Eric began
  to finger her. She tried to resist his touch, but every time she shifted she
  felt the thumbtacks dig into her ass and it made her cry harder. She felt herself
  starting to orgasm and Eric could tell it was about to come as well. So he
  stopped. As Denise felt her orgasm start to recede she cried at the cruelty
  of her brother, who couldn't even give her a moment of pleasure in the midst
  of her agony.  
Every couple of minutes, Eric would flip Denise
  over, which would increase the pain from the thumbtacks as they once again
  would dig into her delicate skin. Every time Eric flipped her, he pressed down
  hard on her tortured areas to increase the pain, laughing at Denise's pain.
  He kept doing this to her for about a half hour until Jake returned.  
"Everybody ready for some food?" he asked. Eric
  leapt up at the mention of food and entered the kitchen. As usual the table
  was set for two. Jake dragged Denise over to her place on the floor and set
  two bowls in front of her, then took off her ball gag.  
Denise stared at the bowls. "W-what is this?" she
  asked hesitantly.  
"Ground beef," said Jake. "Covered in my own jizz
  sauce. And you can wash it down with Eric's piss."  
Denise's body shook with tears as she lowered her
  head and started to eat. She was disgusted by the food, she was disgusted by
  everything now, and she just wanted to kill her brothers. She didn't want to
  be treated like a dog anymore, like some worthless animal, always bound, kneeling,
  eating out of dog bowls, treated like a fucktoy. But there was nothing she
  could do. And somehow, she rationalized in her mind that it was just for this
  one summer, just for&hellip;she had to think&hellip;this was the third day
  so&hellip;seventy-five more days after this. And then she would be back to
  normal, back to just the old ways. She never thought she'd long for the old
  ways, when her father had only  molested her, and only  had
  sex with her, and nothing else. Now she yearned for it, for his loving touch,
  for the freedom from bondage and abuse that she was suffering at the hands
  of her sadistic brothers.  
She ate the food, drank the urine and sat there
  silently as her brothers ate, giving both of them blow jobs when the meal was
  over.  
When her brothers pulled her out from the under
  the table she looked at the clock. 2:30 in the afternoon. Oh God  , there's
  still so much time left in the day  she thought. She felt herself
  tremble as her brothers stood her up, ramrod straight, in the middle of the
  kitchen and gaped at her.  
"Kneel, Denise," Jake ordered.  
Slowly she did.  
Jake lifted her bra up roughly again and looked
  at her breasts. Still covered in thumbtacks, there were dozens of tiny red
  droplets of blood on them. Eric walked around and slid her panties down. Her
  ass looked the same. Quickly, and harshly, the brothers removed all the thumbtacks
  from her body. By the time they were finished, Denise was crying again. Jake
  grabbed her shoulders and knelt up perfectly straight, just like she had been
  standing. He walked around and tied her elbows together as well, to arch her
  back a bit and jut her breasts out a little. He left the room for a moment
  and returned with a video camera.  
Setting it to record he spoke. "This is a test
  of your endurance Denise," he said. "I have to go to work. I'll be back at
  11:30 tonight. You do not move from that position for the next&mdash;" he looked
  at the clock "seven and a half hours. You don't move an inch, you don't stretch,
  you don't lean back, you don't droop forward, you don't move at all. If you
  do, I swear, so help me God, you will face a torture a hundred times worse
  than what you felt today. Do you understand me?" Denise was crying by now,
  crying hard, but afraid to drop her head for fear of the repercussions. She
  kept her eyes focused on Jake and nodded.  
"Good," Jake said. "Eric will be here, but I've
  asked him not to touch you at all, so as not to distract you. We'll see how
  strong you really are now you little slut," he finished. "Good luck."  
Jake closed the door, leaving her alone with Eric.
  Eric set up a TV to the left of the video camera and turned it on. Then he
  pulled up a chair and sat next to Denise. He didn't touch her but occasionally
  he looked over at her and smiled, or laughed at her predicament. Denise only
  cried.  
 She tried to distract herself. She watched the TV, she moved her head a
  lot. She tried not to stare at the clock but most times she couldn't help it.
  The minutes seemed to tick by so slowly. She'd count to sixty and look again
  and it hadn't changed. She felt herself cramping up, the pain increased with
  each minute that passed by. She closed her eyes and prayed. And somehow a miracle
  came for her.  
 11:30 arrived. Jake walked in the door and saw her kneeling ramrod straight,
  exactly as she had when he had left her. He looked at Eric.  
 "Did she stay like this the whole night?"  
 Eric nodded disappointedly. "Yep. She didn't move. What the fuck."  
 Jake smiled. "Not bad, Denise," he said. "I'm shocked. I'll watch the tape
  anyway, just to make sure, but you will be rewarded for this. You can relax
  now."  
 Immediately, Denise sunk down and rested her ass on her legs and dropped
  her head. Jake walked around and unbound her ankles and knees and lifted her
  up, guiding her upstairs.  
 "I'm sure you're tired," he said. "You've had a hard day. You should sleep
  well tonight." He led her into her room and untied her wrists and elbows, then
  removed her ball gag. She stood there, looking at him. "Well, take your clothes
  off," he said. Slowly, she stripped in front of him, then stood there, completely
  nude. Turning her around, Jake applied the handcuffs too her wrists again,
  securing them behind her back, then left the room, turning out the light and
  locking the door. Denise crawled into bed and cried herself to sleep again.  
 Denise woke up again to her alarm the next morning. She had slept relatively
  decent, considering her once again limited mobility and the pain her body was
  in from the past couple days.  
 Again, she struggled to open the door and once again, saw just the key on
  the table with a note. Today's note read:  
 Take a shower again. We've got hot water today. Clean yourself
      up, and when you're done, put the cuffs back on (hands behind your back
      of course), and come downstairs. You won't be needing clothes today.   
 Crying, Denise once again struggled with the handcuffs, and once removing
  them, walked to the bathroom, and set them on the counter. She turned the water
  on full blast, and high heat and stepped in. The burning hot water felt good
  on her naked body. It gave a cleansing feeling that she hadn't felt the morning
  before because of the coldness. She actually found herself enjoying the shower,
  feeling enjoyment for the first time since her parents had left.  
 She brushed her teeth three times and used several capfuls of mouthwash
  to get the awful test of piss and cum out of her mouth. When she was as clean
  as she felt she could get she clapped the one handcuff onto her right wrist,
  then placed her wrists behind her back and snapped the other cuff onto her
  left wrist.  
 Opening the door, she walked down the stairs slowly, with no hands to balance
  her. Arriving at the bottom and entering the family room she saw both of her
  brothers in their usual places on the couches.  
 Jake smiled at her when she came down. "Well, Denise, I promised you a reward
  if you did good last night, and after watching the video I can see that you
  really did hold yourself upright for all that time. I'm proud of you." He pinched
  her cheek. "And so, as a man of my word, we will reward you."  
 She stared at him silently, afraid that his idea of a "reward" might not
  be what she expected.  
 "It occurred to me," Jake continued, "that we kind of jumped into this with
  you. My guess is, if we keep up the pace we've been at, you might go insane
  by the end of the summer. And we can't have that. So we're gonna take it easy
  with you for a little while, and give you some leeway. For instance, for the
  next few days, we will not demand much of you at all. In fact, we're going
  to allow you to lay out in the sun for a while. Supervised and restrained of
  course," he added quickly.  
 Denise felt a bit of happiness come over her and almost smiled. But she
  stopped herself, still hesitant and what exactly was going to happen. Jake
  walked over and took her elbow and led her to the back door. He opened it and
  led her outside, where she saw a chair sitting out, with a bottle of tanning
  oil next to it.  
 Their family had a fenced in backyard and lived far back from the rest of
  their neighbors, so nobody could see in, or peak over and stare at them. Denise
  had often sunbathed in the nude when her parents weren't home before, so she
  wasn't worried about anybody seeing her now. It was a gorgeous sunny day and
  finally, Denise began to smile.  
 "Do you want to tan your back first or your front?" Jake asked.  
 "Back, please," Denise responded.  
 Jake smiled. He laid her down on her stomach and started rubbing tanning
  lotion all over the back of her body, her neck, her legs, her back, and especially
  her ass. He rubbed her so she glistened in the sun, then sat down in the chair
  next to her.  
 "Are the handcuffs staying on?" she asked.  
 "Yes," Jake said. "Other than that, you have free reign. Tell me when you
  want turned over, when you need more tanning oil, anything like that."  
 "Okay," Denise said, and closed her eyes. The cuffs were uncomfortable but
  the hot sun on her back felt extremely good. She smiled as she felt it hitting
  her back.  
 She spent the day rotating between laying on her back and laying on her
  stomach. She tried to get the most even tan possible, but she knew it would
  take some time for her to get to the color she wanted. She hoped she would
  have more opportunities.  
 She got several more opportunities. For the next ten days her brothers did
  nothing to her, except allow her to lay out in the sun and tan. Her wrists
  were kept behind her at all times however. That was one of the conditions.
  Even sleeping, and in the shower. So she had to shower with one of the guys.
  But other than that, they were extremely gentle with her. They fed her (on
  the floor of course) well, allowed her bathroom breaks, tanning time, anything
  she wanted pretty much. And as the days passed she loved seeing her skin darken.
  Soon, she had the perfect tan that both she and her brothers had been looking
  for.  
 They darkened her hair for her a couple days later, so it was dark
    brown, as she preferred it in the summer, to match her tan. When she'd wake
    up in the mornings, she'd look at herself in the mirror again and smile.
    She was beautiful again, just like she used to be before. She was secretly
    hoping to herself that those first three days of hell were gone for good
    and secretly afraid that they weren't.  
    
 The alarm jolted Denise awake one morning a couple days later. It had been
  the first time the alarm had been set for her in more than three weeks. Groggily
  rolling out of bed she stood up and admired herself in the mirror. She had
  gotten used to seeing her wrists restrained behind her with cuffs, but even
  with that predicament, she could still smile. She had the perfect tan she wanted
  and her dyed perfectly, just like she'd wanted it. She walked to the door,
  turned around, and opened it flawlessly. She had perfected opening it with
  her wrists cuffed behind her back over the summer. And when she turned around
  again she saw the table sitting in front of her door.  
 Her heart skipped a beat.  
 The table had not been there since her brothers had started taking it easy
  on her. She feared that this meant a return to the harsher early days of summer.
  Trying to push the thought out of her mind, she leaned down and saw the key
  and a note.  
 Here's the key for your cuffs. Take a shower.   
 Taking the key, she sat down on her bed and struggled to remove her handcuffs.  
 When she freed her wrists she hesitated. It was the first time her wrists
  had been free in nearly a month. Though she had kept her arms stimulated and
  the blood flowing through them, and her brothers had made sure that there would
  be no permanent damage, her arms still felt a little numb. So she was careful.
  Slowly she moved them to the front of her body. It felt awkward again, having
  control of her arms after such a long period off. She rubbed her arms up and
  down to stimulate the blood flow and smiled. Staring at her nude body one more
  time in the mirror, she felt absolutely radiant. Walking through the hall,
  she entered the bathroom and took a long, hot, shower. It was the first shower
  she had also taken without one of her brothers in nearly a month. She didn't
  think anything could ruin this day.  
 Stepping out of the shower she dried herself, combed her hair, brushed her
  teeth, flossed, cleaned herself up real nice. She had a nice smile on her face.  
 And then she opened the bathroom door.  
 There, on the table, were clothes for her to wear and a note from her brothers.  
 Get dressed and come downstairs. Break time's over. Time for some
      more fun  .  
 Immediately Denise started to cry. All the hopes she had had over the past
  few weeks were crushed, dashed in three short sentences. She had hoped her
  brothers would just forget about her and leave her alone but now she saw that
  that wasn't going to happen this summer. They had played a psychological game
  with her, they had let her think that she was really going to be cared for.
  Now they showed her the true reality of the situation. She was still theirs,
  still their slave to do as they pleased, and now they were reminding her of
  that again.  
 She looked down at the clothes. It was one of her mother's business suits.
  A beige skirt, and a beige business jacket, long sleeve. Panties, but no bra.
  She felt the fabric. It would be rough against her breasts and would probably
  irritate them. Black stockings and black pumps as well. She wiped the tears
  away and dressed then walked down the stairs.  
 She trembled with fear and hatred when she reached the bottom of the stairs
  and saw her brothers. Jake stood up and motioned for her to approach him. She
  did. Placing her hands at her side, he stroked her cheek and hair, then took
  her head in his hands and opened his mouth to kiss her. She opened in hers
  in response. After kissing her for a little, he let her go. She cried harder
  now.  
 "I hate you," she whispered.  
 "Now, now," Jake said. "That's not the way to start off is it?" She choked
  out silent sobs now as Jake patted her hair. Then Jake firmly pushed down on
  her shoulders and Denise dropped to her knees.  
 "You know what I want, Denise," Jake said.  
 She slid down his jeans and boxers and took his dick in her hand. Opening
  her mouth she gave him a blow job, working from the tip all the way down until
  he was deep throating her, playing with his balls the whole time, just to keep
  him pleased. It was the first blow job she had given in over three weeks as
  well.  
 When Jake came she swallowed every drop and then slid his dick out of her
  mouth. She licked it clean of any loose cum and then looked up at him.  
 As Jake slid his pants back on he said, "I think Eric would like one as
  well."  
 Denise slid over to Eric and gave him one too.  
 "Sit down over there," Jake said to Denise, pointing to a spot on the floor, "and
  put your hands behind your back."  
 She sat down and placed her wrists side by side behind her back. She stretched
  her legs out, keeping her knees slightly bent, and waited.  
 Jake crouched down behind her and started tying her wrists. He tied her
  upper arms to her body, getting rope above and below her breasts to accent
  them, and around the back of her neck to keep her slightly hunched over. Then
  he moved in front of her and bound her ankles and just above her knees. He
  slid a balled up piece of notebook paper into her mouth, then took out a white
  cloth and slid it between her teeth, cleave gagging her. Standing up, he wiped
  his hands, as if finishing a difficult job and looked down at her. She looked
  up at him, their eyes meeting, hers curious and scared, his smiling wickedly.  
 He took out his camera and did his usual photo shoot with her. He did close
  ups of her face, and positioned her so she was laying on her side as well,
  stretched out on the floor. After a few rolls of film he stopped.  
 Turning her over he hogtied her very stringently and then spoke again.  
 "I'm leaving for work. You'll be with Eric for most of today. Be good and
  do as he tells you. Enjoy." He patted her head a couple times and walked out.  
 Eric stared at her. He played with her body for a while but eventually grew
  tired of that. Not wanting to untie to her to try anything more serious he
  removed her gag instead.  
 "How are you Denise?" he asked innocently.  
 "What?" she responded, incredulously, unsure if she'd understood him.  
 "How are you doing?" he asked again. "Do you need anything? To go to the
  bathroom, stuff like that?"  
 Denise debated in her mind how to respond. She could flip out on her little
  brother for being so stupid, or she could try to play it nice with him, maybe
  beg him to get her out of these ropes for a little while. She tried the latter.  
 "Please Eric," she begged, "please help me out here. Loosen these ropes
  for me. They're digging into me and it's killing me."  
 "I can't," Eric said.  
 "Sure you can," she pleaded. "You could let me go. You could untie me and
  just let me free for a little while. At least for a few hours&hellip;until
  Jake comes home&hellip;Please?"  
 "No," Eric said. "I won't. Jake won't trust me anymore."  
 "Please Eric," she said. "You're my brother, don't do this to me." Eric
  did nothing. "Please Eric," she begged. "What have I done to deserve this.
  I'm your sister. Why are you doing this to me? I never did this to you."  
 "Look Denise," Eric said tiredly. "Don't be like this. We've been so nice
  to you for the past few weeks and our thanks is you begging me like a crying
  slut? Come on now. Dad said we could do whatever we wanted to you for the entire
  summer. Don't blame me, blame Dad."  
 "But Dad's not here!" Denise said. "So you don't have to follow his rules!
  You can be nice and let me go. Please Eric, please let me go. I'm your sister,
  I swear I won't tell. I've never told anyone about Dad, I won't tell anyone
  about what you and Jake have done either."  
 "You won't tell anyone anyway," Eric responded, whether we let you go now,
  or what until summer's over. So just shut up about it already."  
 "Please Eric!" she cried desperately. "I love you! Just please let me go!"  
"That's it!" Eric said, clearly mad now. "If you
  won't shut up, I'll just have to gag you again!"  
"No, Nogggfff!" she struggled, as Eric shoved the
  paper back into her mouth and cleave gagged her again. "And you can be sure
  Jake will hear about this when he gets home," he said threateningly, leaving
  her alone in her hogtie, to cry and scream and plead and fear the coming hours.  
When Jake returned home that night, Denise lay
  hogtied on the floor, crying and sweating and Eric was nowhere to be seen.  
"Eric!" Jake called and listened as Eric came bounding
  down the stairs, taking them two at a time.  
"How was she?" Jake asked, feeling that she wasn't
  very good.  
"Awful," Eric said rolling his eyes. "I took her
  gag off for five minutes and all she did was cry and beg me to let her go.
  It was pathetic." He glared at Denise. "I was so disgusted I left her alone
  the rest of the day."  
Jake looked down at Denise, who was looking back
  up at him with pleading us. "Tsk, tsk, tsk," Jake muttered. "I thought you
  knew better, Denise. After all the nice things we've done for you this is how
  you repay us? Pathetic indeed." He paced back and forth. "We'll have to punish
  you Denise," he thought out loud. "Let's see, what can we do?  
"Obviously, kindness didn't work. So now we'll
  have to try isolation." Jake bent down and freed her from her hogtie, then
  lifted her up. "Eric, open the basement door." Eric did, and Jake carried her
  down to the basement, with Eric following.  
Their basement was a very cold, unfriendly place.
  It had no windows, and no doors except the one at the top of the stairs. Regardless
  of the season, it was always cold in the basement.  
Jake set Denise on the basement floor on her stomach
  and hogtied her again. Then he turned and walked up the stairs, Eric behind
  him. At the top he turned off the light and locked the door, leaving Denise
  alone in the darkness.  
Denise spent that night, and the next eight days,
  alone in the basement. Her only contact with her brothers was when they brought
  down water, which they did twice a day, and food, which they did every other
  day. The hogtie was too tight for her to escape, and so she stayed in that
  painful position the entire time. She had no opportunity to clean herself,
  and no opportunity to relieve herself either, so when she had to go, she would
  simply piss herself. By the end of her time alone down there was over she had
  a puddle of urine covering her crotch area and some of it had dried onto the
  concrete floor.  
Finally Jake came down on afternoon and untied
  her, freeing her not only from the hogtie but from her ropes completely.  
Removing her gag he put his hands over her lips
  in a silent order for her not to speak. Removing his finger, she made no attempt
  to talk.  
"Take your clothes off," Jake ordered. She did,
  until she stood before her brothers, fully nude.  
Jake placed her hands behind her back and cuffed
  them then spoke to Eric.  
"Take her upstairs, shower her, then let her lay
  out in the sun for a bit while I clean this place up." Jake paused then surveyed
  the basement. "Goddamn does it stink down here."  
Denise said nothing and Eric led her upstairs.  
The hot water felt good on her body. It was her
  first shower in a week and a half. She said nothing as Eric roughly cleaned
  her. He groped her breasts and fingered her in the shower, but she submitted
  to all of his advances. She was terrified of what her brothers could do to
  her now.  
When the shower was over, Eric dried himself and
  her off then took her outside. Laying her on the chair, he smothered tanning
  oil all over her body and sat next to her, reading a book, and saying nothing.  
Jake cleaned the basement thoroughly. He washed
  the clothes three times over, and cleaned the urine stained parts of the concrete
  floor until it was unnoticeable. The smell disappeared, the clothes were clean
  and Jake went upstairs to fetch his sister.  
She was crying silently outside now, laying on
  her back, as Eric rubbed her right breast with his left hand. Jack smiled and
  cleared his throat. Eric noticed him and looked up.  
"Let's take her back to the basement," Jake said.  
Denise's eyes flew open wide. "NO!" she shrieked. "No!
  Please don't!" They quickly hustled her inside and dragged her down to the
  basement. Once there, Jake knelt her down, and cuffed her ankles, sliding the
  cuff around a pole in the basement. He did the same to her wrists.  
"You'll be able to stand up and kneel down, but
  nothing else," he said. "The first part of your punishment is over Denise.
  Now for the second." She sobbed uncontrollably, as Jake slid her urine soaked
  panties back into her mouth and placed a few strips of white tape over them.  
They once again left her in the basement for the
  next seven days. Only this time they visited her more often. They visited her
  to give her water and food and also to rape her. She was raped by each of them
  every day, forced to give them blow jobs. They masturbated on her, they covered
  her in cum, they raped her pussy, they raped her mouth, they fucked both those
  orifices as many times as they could. The hours blurred by for Denise. She
  no longer knew what day it was, what time of day it was, even what month it
  was. Her countdown to the end of her hell was gone; she couldn't keep track
  anymore. She just prayed for release, longed for the few hours of sleep, and
  wondered how she would ever live normally again after this summer was over.  
After a week she was taken upstairs and once again
  given a shower and a few days rest, to tan.  
When the alarm jolted Denise awake she looked at
  the clock. 10 AM. Her brothers had kept her awake raping her pussy until two
  the morning before. She was tired and sore and wanted to cry as she struggled
  out of bed. Even after more than two months of sleeping with her hands cuffed
  behind her back she struggled a bit. She opened the door and saw once again
  the familiar table with just the key and the note. Today's note was short.  
Key. Shower. Fast.   
Unlocking her cuffs and freeing her wrists she
  entered the bathroom and turned on the water. It was running cold, no matter
  how hot she turned it up. Realizing that her brothers had once again turned
  off the hot water heater, she turned the shower on and cleaned herself as quickly
  as possible. She shivered in the shower and finished fast, drying herself as
  her teeth chattered.  
Opening the bathroom door she saw the familiar
  table, upon which lay a pair of blue jeans and a blue and green plaid tank
  top, made of rough fabric. Moving those two pieces around, she saw that her
  brothers had left her no bra or panties to put on. Crying, she gently slid
  the clothes on, which rubbed roughly against her aching pussy and irritated
  her tits.  
Walking downstairs she presented herself to her
  brothers. They said nothing to her, showed no emotion at all in fact. Jake
  just walked over, bound her wrists with rope behind her back, and bound her
  ankles and knees. Gagging her, he set her off in the corner and resumed watching
  the television.  
She was scared now. She thought she had angered
  them in some way and they were just delaying a punishment. The psychological
  torture was driving her insane. She even started to tremble with fear. Her
  brothers didn't say a word, not even to each other. The only noise in the room
  was the television. Finally after nearly three hours Jake turned off the TV
  and looked at her.  
Picking up his camera, he took his usual pictures,
  silently, showing no emotion on his face. She was terrified now, terrified
  that he was going to lash out and kill her, that he had some evil diabolical
  plan that would put all the other things they had done to her to shame.  
Finally Jake smiled. "You look scared shitless
  Denise. Are you?"  
She nodded terrified.  
Jake laughed. "Good. Our plan worked." He looked
  over at Eric and Eric smiled. "We're not really gonna anything major to you
  today. No torture or anything. We just wanted to scare you a lot. Guess we
  did."  
Denise closed her eyes and started to cry at the
  cruel psychological torture her brothers had put her through. Jake smiled and
  patted her head.  
Jake removed Diane's gag. "I've got to take a piss,
  and I don't wanna walk to the bathroom. So open your fucking mouth." Crying,
  Denise closed her eyes again but Jake yelled at her. "Keep your eyes open slut!" Opening
  them, Denise opened her mouth as well and Jake slid his dick in and started
  to relieve himself. Denise wanted to choke on the foul tasting urine but feared
  the punishment. She swallowed it all and Jake smiled, then gagged her again.  
Dragging her over to the coffee table, Jake said, "we've
  got a special treat for you today, Denise." He propped her up so she was leaning,
  stomach down, over the coffee table. Denise was sure her brothers were going
  to whip her ass, and when Jake pulled her jeans down she got scared. Eric was
  facing her and she looked at him with pleading eyes. Eric slapped her face.  
Jake kept her gag on and faced her. "Today we're
  going to try anal sex." Denise's eyes went wide with horror as Jake position
  himself behind her. She shook like a mad woman, screamed, begged beneath her
  gag, struggled hard, but could do nothing. Jake steadied her with his hands
  and pulled his pants down.  
Denise tensed as she felt his dick touch against
  her anus. She shook horribly now, terrified at the pain she knew she would
  feel. Even her father had never touched her asshole. Jake slowly forced his
  dry cock in there, no lubrication at all. She screamed and cried as Jake slowly
  plowed into her. She was sure she could feel something tearing in her asshole
  as Jake pumped, back and forth, back and forth, into her virgin asshole. The
  pain was enormous. She had never hurt so much in her entire life. This was
  worse than the thumbtacks had ever been. The other rapes had never been this
  painful. This was incredible. All she could do was pray for it to be over.  
Jake slid his hands beneath her shirt while he
  was fucking her and grabbed and twisted her tits. With her wrists restrained
  behind her, there was little Denise could do. Jake watched as her hands moved
  with her pained expressions. They would make fists, open wide, stretch out,
  hit each other, everything. Jake laughed. Finally he blew his load into her
  asshole and the hot cum sped through her body, making her cry worse. When he
  was done, Jake slid out and roughly pulled Denise backwards, so her tortured
  asshole landed right on her knees. Kneeling her up straight, Jake put his dick
  in her hands and told her to feel it a bit, give him a handjob. She felt the
  slimy dick, which was covered with his cum and her shit. He slid it up and
  down her arms and then hung it in front of her mouth. She looked at it in horror.
  Then he removed her gag.  
"Go ahead. Lick it clean."  
She did.  
As she cried, Jake applied the gag again and watched
  as Eric position himself behind Denise. Eric repeated the process and Denise's
  asshole, already brutalized by Jake's cock, felt like it was on fire. Again
  she shrieked in agony until Eric came. Eric decided to dry his dirty dick off
  with her hair and leave her alone.  
Jake moved behind Denise and roughly pulled her
  jeans back up, making sure they scratched against her battered anus. Then he
  flipped her over and dragged her back in the corner, making sure she sat squarely
  on her asshole, legs bent, back to the wall. He smiled and patted her hair. "Not
  bad for your first time," he said teasingly.  
Her brothers left her alone with her pain and her
  tears for most of the rest of then day. When it came time to feed her, Jake
  spoon fed her personally, sitting down next to her. She gave both of them two
  more blow jobs, but other than that, was left alone.  
When nighttime came, Jake led her upstairs, keeping
  her wrists bound behind her and her mouth gagged. Upon entering her room, Jake
  slid her out of her jeans and then pulled out a knife.  
Denise was terrified her brother was going to start
  cutting her and possibly kill her and struggled more frantically than she ever
  had before. But Jake just laughed and calmed her down by explaining her merely
  was going to cut her top off.  
Denise cried herself to sleep as Jake left her
  bound, gagged, and nude on the bed.  
Denise awoke the next morning to her brother's
  hand. Specifically the whip he was holding in it and lashing her with over
  and over. He aimed for her already bruised asshole, causing her to squirm and
  cry. She was still bound and gagged and finally Jake stopped and helped her
  out of bed. That was when Denise noticed he was nude too.  
Jake said nothing, just led her out of the bedroom
  and into the bathroom, where he turned the shower on and got in with her.  
There he took time cleaning her body. He especially
  focused on her battered anus, torturing Denise by fingering it and rubbing
  it. Denise cried and gasped at the pain she still felt from the raping yesterday.  
Finishing the shower, Jake dried Denise and unbound
  her wrists, then left her alone in the bathroom. Crying, Denise removed her
  gag, unsure of what to do next. She opened the door and walked back to her
  bedroom and there, in front of her door, was the table. On it sat the same
  clothes she had worn from earlier in the summer: the black bra, stockings,
  panties, and pumps. The memories of the last time she wore these clothes shook
  her. She almost pissed herself right there.  
Shaking, she struggled to dress herself and finally
  managed to walk downstairs to face her brothers. She was crying in fear and
  anticipation by the time she made it down there and Jake smiled when he saw
  this.  
"Good morning Denise," he said cheerfully. "So
  nice to see you up and walking after the pounding your ass took yesterday." Denise
  just kept her eyes downcast. Jake took her arm and guided her over to a soft
  chair. Before sitting her down, Jake bound her wrists behind her back and her
  elbows and upper arms to her upper body. Then, turning her around, he sat her
  down on the chair, he bound her ankles, thighs, and shins. He topped it off
  by sliding the red ball gag into her mouth and snapping it shut.  
Jake took his usual pictures, then approached Denise
  and removed her ball gag.  
"Denise, you are a slut," he said. She started
  to cry harder. "Say it," Jake commanded.  
"W-what?" Denise asked softly, uncomprehending.  
"Say it, Denise," Jake ordered. "Say, 'I am a slut.'"  
"No&hellip;" she practically whispered, "no, please
  don't&hellip;please don't make me."  
Jake pulled back and slapped her hard across the
  face. "Say it," he growled fiercely.  
"I&hellip;I am a&hellip;slut," Denise responded
  quietly, looking down.  
Jake grabbed her hair and yanked her head back,
  looking into her eyes. "Not good enough," he threatened. "Say it louder, firmer
  now, like you know it's true&hellip;'cause it is."  
Denise closed her eyes and opened her mouth but
  Jake slapped her again.  
"Keep your eyes open, slut!" he commanded. "I wanna
  see your tears!"  
Crying, Denise looked at him and said shakily,
  but louder this time, "I am a slut."  
Jake smiled and patted her cheek a few times. "Very
  good, Denise," he said and slid the ball gag back in her mouth. "But very disappointing
  too." He turned away from her as she stared at him anxiously. "I had to slap
  you twice, had to struggle with you to get you to say the obvious. No, that
  wasn't good at all. You'll have to be punished."  
Denise let the tears flow freely now at the word "punishment." She
  leaned forward and fell off the chair. Turning around, Jake lifted her and
  set her back on the chair, as she wracked her body with sobs.  
Jake took out of his shirt pocket two metal clamps
  and sliding them beneath Denise's bra, snapped them onto her nipples. She shrieked
  in pain at the cold sharp metal biting into her tender tits. Then Jake lifted
  her up and instructed Eric to open the basement door.  
Denise fainted at the fear of being sent down to
  the dreaded basement again. The agony she had suffered in there was already
  so bad that she would never be able to set foot down there again after this
  summer. Now she was truly beginning to fear that she might not make it out
  of this summer, that her brothers might kill her off.  
Thinking of surviving the summer made her wonder
  what day it was. She couldn't even make an educated guess though. Her only
  hope was that it was almost over. What day did her parents return? The 25 th  ,
  that's right. August 25 th  . God I hope
  it's the 24  th  , she thought.  
Jake woke her with smelling salts, then removed
  the ropes from her upper body, and then bound her wrists in front of her. Then,
  he lifted her wrists and tied them to a pipe that was running along the ceiling
  of the basement. Denise now stood there, stretched out, standing shakily on
  her black pumps, as Jake and Eric stared at her.  
Then Jake picked up the whip.  
Denise trembled, remembering the only other time
  the whip has been used against her. It had hurt like hell, and she had been
  red for a few days after it, but as Jake had promised, no permanent marks.  
Jake lined up in front of her stomach and pulled
  the whip back, then let it go.  
The whip came down across Denise's stomach and
  she bit down on her ball gag as she felt the searing pain. Jake kept whipping
  her stomach for a bit then moved up her body.  
Her tortured nipples, still feeling the nipple
  clamps on them, received the punishing whip next. And the pain was immense.
  She shook in her bonds, tried to twist away, anything to avoid the whip torturing
  her already tortured nipples. She sobbed uncontrollably at that point, surrendered
  herself completely and just begged to herself that the pain would somehow end
  quickly. Then Jake walked behind her.  
He started lashing away at her back, criss-crossing
  it with red striped as she cried. He slid down and attacked her ass next and
  by now, Denise's voice was hoarse. She had been screaming beneath the ball
  gag, which of course meant no sound could come out, but it had still ground
  her vocal chords down. It hurt her throat, but the pain in her ass hurt more
  and she kept screaming as best she could.  
Jake moved to her legs next, lashing them with
  the whip through the stockings. Denise was sure the pain was too much and she
  would pass out at any moment but her relief never came. Jake finally finished
  up by whipping her pussy through the panties, a torture which was agonizing
  for Denise, much more so than the whipping of her freshly raped asshole.  
Finally, Jake tossed the whip aside. He loosened
  the rope enough so that Denise could fall to her knees, but he kept her wrists
  restrained above her head and cinched the rope tight again. Then he looked
  at Denise. Her bra, panties, and stockings had several cuts and tears in them
  from where the whip had made contact. All of her uncovered skin was a bright
  red save her face. Jake smiled and removed her ball gag.  
"Denise, are you a slut?" Jake asked.  
"Yes," Denise weakly responded between sobs.  
"Say, 'I am a slut,' Denise," Jake said.  
"I am a slut," she responded.  
"Very good. And sluts give blow jobs. So give me
  one."  
Denise opened her mouth and Jake shoved his cock
  into her mouth, making sure to deep throat it. Denise sucked him off until
  he came and after he came she sucked Eric off 'til he came as well. When they
  were both done, Jake ball gagged Denise again and left her alone, turning the
  light off in the basement.  
Denise knelt there in a painful position, her knees
  coming in contact with the cold, hard, concrete floor of the basement. She
  couldn't move either, had no possibility of finding a more comfortable position.
  The ropes restraining her had made sure of that. And so she knelt there, crying,
  unable to tell time, to know what was going on, or for how long she stayed
  down there. She felt herself getting hungry, but no one came. She tried, for
  the millionth time that summer, to untie the rope from her wrists but failed
  again.  Jake's tied the Gordian knot around my wrists  she
  thought dejectedly. So she knelt there, trying to count the seconds, trying
  to figure out how much time had passed.  
In reality, she was left there for the rest of
  that day and the morning of the next. For Denise though, it felt like weeks
  before she finally heard those footsteps coming down the wooden stairs.  
The light clicked on and she saw Jake standing
  in front of her, holding two bowls, one filled with food, the other with water.
  He removed her ball gag and spoke.  
"Eat up, Denise," he said.  
"Please," she begged, "I have to pee."  
Jake was releasing her hands from above her head
  and tying them behind her back as he spoke. "Then piss your pants," he responded. "That's
  what I'm gonna do." Then he kicked Denise over and started pissing all over
  her body as she cried. He drenched her, and her food, in urine, covering her
  body with the foul yellow liquid, then left her alone to eat.  
Denise ate the meal and did relieve herself in
  her panties. Jake returned an hour later to ball gag her again and again left
  her alone for the rest of the day.  
When Denise awoke the next morning her wrists were
  cuffed behind her and she was nude, in her own bed. She did not remember being
  stripped or carried upstairs, and she wondered if she had been delirious, and
  how long she may have been out, or if Jake had just cut the clothes away while
  she was sleeping and carried her upstairs.  
It mattered little to her. The alarm hadn't jolted
  her awake and when she went downstairs she was told that she was back on break:
  a few days of sun and relaxation for her. She looked forward to these moments
  of relief, and enjoyed her three days of nonstop tanning and kindness from
  her brothers. But all good things must come to an end and one morning she was
  jolted awake to the sound of her alarm.  
Opening her door she saw her clothes already laid
  out for her, along with the key for her cuffs. By now she had perfected the
  art of uncuffing her wrists from behind her back and she slid on the clothes.
  A white sleeveless shirt, black skirt, white stockings and black strappy high
  heels. Dressed, she walked downstairs to meet her brothers.  
"Good morning, Denise," Jake said, happily greeting
  her. Denise murmured her good mornings to her brothers but her eyes were clearly
  fixed on the folding chair set up in the middle of the family room. Jake caught
  her glance. "Yes, why don't you take a seat in that Denise and we'll get started." Shaking
  slightly, she sat down.  
Instinctively, she placed her hands behind her
  back and Jake started tying them. After finishing with her wrists, he wrapped
  rope around her waist and around the edges of the upper half to the chair,
  tying her down to the chair with an effective, somewhat complicated knot. He
  then bound her upper body to the chair roping her so that her breasts jutted
  out, accented by the rope that surrounded them. Smiling, Jake grabbed both
  of her tits through her shirt and jiggled them.  
Moving in front of her, Jake tied Denise's upper
  thighs down to the chair, pressing her down on it even more and making it even
  more inescapable for her, then bound her legs just above the knees together.
  Finally, he split her legs below the knee and bound each ankle to a side of
  the chair. She now sat there, expertly ropes, in one of the most inescapable
  positions she had been in all summer.  
Jake lifted her chin and looked her in the eye,
  their faces so close that she could see the nuances of her brother's eyes. "What
  are you Denise?"  
Her lips trembling, she took a deep breath and
  responded. "I am a slut."  
Jake smiled. "Very good, Denise. You learned well." With
  that, he slid her panties into her mouth and gagged her with a few strips of
  white tape.  
Once the panties hit her mouth, Denise realizes
  they were the ones she had worn while stuck in the basement, which meant they
  were covered with the dried remains of her urine. They tasted awful and she
  wanted to choke on them but she was afraid she might die if she did. Or worse,
  she might have to go down to the basement again.  
Jake took his usual pictures of Denise while her
  eyes followed his every footstep. When he was done, he freed her from the chair
  and sat her down on the couch. Laying her out all the way, he removed her gag
  and straddled her. Her head propped up on a pillow, he shoved his dick into
  her mouth, forcing her to suck it, which she did flawlessly. She had perfected
  the art of the blow job this summer as well. She had perfected a lot of things.  
Eric got his blow job next but this time, instead
  of leaving her alone, they gagged her again and kept going. Eric started fondling
  her breasts, grabbing them roughly, reaching his hands beneath her shirt and
  twisting her nipples, causing her to jerk in pain. He fingered her pussy while
  he twisted her nipples; the contrast between pleasure down below and pain up
  above almost caused her to go crazy. But when Eric stopped before she was about
  to orgasm, Denise started to cry heavily.  
They left her alone to eat and when they were done,
  fed her the table scraps: a few stray pieces of sausage and some broken up
  bread, coated in Jake's semen, in a dog bowl. She ate in tears but made sure
  to swallow every drop. She feared even her nutrition intake now; she was sure
  her brothers were out to kill her.  
When the meal was over they gagged her again and
  laid her out on the middle of the floor. Jake took the whip and whipped her
  ass, threatening her if she tried to roll over. She cried as he whipped her,
  some of the stray whips landed on her bound hands. After about a dozen shots,
  Jake flipped her over and whipped her tummy through her shirt. No damage was
  done to the clothes, which naturally padded some of the blow for Denise, but
  she still hurt like hell. She cried the whole time.  
Then her brothers lifted her up and dragged her
  over to the coffee table, leaning her face down over it. Immediately, Denise
  realized this was the position she had been in the first time they had raped
  her. She cried harder, fearing that this was what was going to happen to her.
  Despite the multiple intrusions her asshole had now suffered, it still hurt
  terribly for her every time.  
Sure enough, Jake slid her panties and skirt down
  and stared at her asshole. It seemed to be welcoming him he thought, and he
  took out his penis and slid it in there.  
There was a new twist this time though. Eric position
  himself in front of her and removed her gag, then slid his penis into Denise's
  mouth. She now had two of her three orifices filled. This had never happened
  to her before and it only made her cry harder. She worked on both of them and
  they both changed up positions. Finally, when Eric came in her asshole, Jake
  slid out her mouth. Her mouth was now free as Jake finished up and exploded
  his load in her asshole as well. When they were done they cleaned her up a
  bit and dressed her, then left her hogtied and gagged on the floor, as Jake
  went to work and Eric left to hang out with friends.  
When they both returned it was dark. The strict
  ropes had caused Denise's muscles to cramp up all over. When Jake finally released
  her from her hogtie she breathed a huge sigh of relief. Again they laid her
  on the couch. But this time they released the bonds holding her legs and went
  to work. They slid her clothes down her lower body and spread her legs. Her
  vagina now lay open to them and Jake practically attacked it. He shoved his
  cock in there without hesitation and Denise screamed at the force which he
  entered. He fucked her hard, harder than he had in a while. And then when he
  was done, Eric took her.  
By the time they were finished with her, Denise
  was a mess. She was crying profusely and sweating profusely and begging them
  beneath the tape to leave her alone. Smiling, her brothers, dressed her again,
  lifted her, and carried her upstairs. They didn't even bother undressing or
  untying her for bed. They bound her ankles and thighs and left her bound, gagged,
  clothed and sweaty body on the bed for her to sleep.  
Denise woke up in the middle of the night and tried
  to move. She couldn't. She realized immediately that she was hogtied. The cramps
  from the painful position had woken her from her deep sleep. She looked over
  at her clock. 4:00 AM. Still a lot of time left in the night. She hoped she
  would be able to fall back asleep.  
She didn't for several hours. She was left alone
  for the day, hogtied on her bed. Her brothers never once visited her. She watched
  as the sky lightened, got brighter, then darkened. Dusk came, then nighttime.
  Still, she was bound in an increasingly painful position. She passed in and
  out of consciousness, awake, then sleeping, at odd intervals. The clock, which
  seemed to move ever so slowly, drove her mad. She cried a lot. She couldn't
  remember when she finally fell asleep for good at night.  
When Denise woke up the next morning she noticed
  she had much more movement. All the ropes had been removed from her body while
  she slept, and she had only her hands cuffed behind her wrists. She was still
  fully clothed and the pungent odor of her sweat filled her nostrils. Standing
  up, she went to her bedroom door and opened it.  
There were the keys and note: Shower.
      We've got a special costume for you to wear today  . She shuddered
      at what that could possibly mean.  
When she stepped out of the shower and opened her
  bathroom door she saw the costume. A pair of white stockings, and a white nurse's
  outfit, a short one that barely went down to her thighs. No bra or panties
  either.  
Presenting herself to her brothers, they bound
  and gagged her immediately. White ropes and a white tape gag, keeping with
  the nurse theme. Setting her aside in the corner they wasted no time. Clearly,
  the day off had filled their sexual urges to peak performance. Jake whipped
  out his dick and instead of forcing a blow job, just started masturbating.
  He let his load fly onto her face, drenching her with his cum. Eric did the
  same, hitting her lower face and neck with his load. She cried.  
Her brothers ate, leaving her alone in the corner.
  She yearned for food. She was hungry, thirsty, felt herself drying up. She
  was scared that her brothers were trying to dehydrate her now. She could feel
  herself going insane, the fear that her brothers were going to kill her constantly
  overwhelming her.  
When they finished eating, they came over to her.
  Some of the cum was starting to dry on her face. She just wanted to wipe it
  off. Jake took a washcloth and cleaned her face, then laid her out on the floor,
  on her back. Releasing the ropes restraining her knees, he hiked up her nurses
  outfit and spread her legs. Jake ravaged her vagina as she cried and screamed
  the whole time. When he was done, Eric did the ravaging and when Eric was done,
  they bound her knees again and set her back in the corner.  
Her head was down and she was sobbing uncontrollably
  now. All she wanted was food and freedom and for this summer to be over. They
  ignored her for several hours as they watched TV and worked around the house.
  Finally, around five in the afternoon, Jake took his pictures of her, then
  dragged her out to the kitchen.  
Jake set two bowls down in front of her, one of
  steaming hot pasta and another with ice cold milk. Denise could feel her taste
  buds watering. But instead of removing her gag, Jake laid her on her stomach
  and hogtied her. The bowls were kept inches from her face, but she could only
  stare at them longingly. The psychological torture drove her mad. She moaned,
  begged Jake beneath the gag, gave him the pleading eyes, everything. Jake ignored
  her. She sat there for three hours, the food right in front of her face, unable
  to touch it.  
Finally, Jake released her hogtie and set her back
  in the corner. By now she was crying. She was sure she would be starved now.
  She could feel herself, desperate for nutrition of any kind. Jake took pictures,
  then brought the pasta and milk over to her. The pasta was cold, the milk was
  warm, neither were desirable, in fact, barely edible. But Jake removed her
  gag and spoon fed her. She stared at him with pleading eyes, but didn't say
  a word. When Jake was done, he once again raped her. Later that night, both
  her brothers raped her again.  
She cried herself to sleep, nude, hands cuffed
  behind her back, just like most other nights. She had no idea how fortunate
  she would be tomorrow. She only wished she could die. She was sure that was
  what her brothers were trying to do.  
The next morning found the table with the key and
  note once again outside her door. Shower. We've got another surprise
  for you  . Denise trembled. When she got out of the shower she saw
  a beautiful red satin shirt, a black skirt, stockings, and pumps. She dressed
  and trembling went downstairs.  
"I have good new for you, Denise," her brother
  said when he saw her. "Congratulations. You've survived this summer. Today
  is your last day. Tomorrow, Mom and Dad come home from their trip. Way to go."  
Denise broke down and cried tears of joy. Her summer
  was finally over. The hell was finally over. She had survived.  
But that did not mean the last day would be uneventful.  
Her brothers kept her in the strictest positions
  all day. The raped every orifice multiples times. It was the most she had probably
  fucked the entire summer. But she could put up with it now. She was happy the
  entire day. When it finally ended she was allowed to sleep with no cuffs on
  her wrists, clothed in her nightgown. She had survived!  
The next day they picked up their parents at the
  airport. Denise wore jean shorts and a cut off top. Her father approached her. "Were
  you good this summer?"  
"Yes Daddy," Denise said looking down. He touched
  her breasts, through the shirt.  
"I'm sure your brothers had a fine time," he said.  
Denise kept her head down. A tear ran down her
  cheek. "Yes Daddy," she replied. She hoped she would never go through that
  again.  



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Avery Childs


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





