BDSM Library - Captured For Sex




Captured For Sex
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Her account of her capture and defilement by two men.Author: Powerone  
Title: Captured For Sex  
Summary: Her account of her capture and defilement by two
  men.  
Language: M+/F, anal, oral, violent, humil, n/c, rough  
By Powerone, Copyright 2004. Author may be reached at controlher@hotmail.com  
 She struggled as the two man held her. One pinned her arms
  behind her back, the other was fighting off her kicking legs. She was taught
  to fight her attackers. She had attended a rape protection class and they had
  shown her various ways to fight off her attackers. It seemed much easier in
  class with one attacker coming straight at her. With two, two strong men in
  was not so simple.  
 She had been walking home from the store. It wasn't dark
  yet, the sun just starting to set, the streetlights not on yet. She had felt
  reasonable safe, having done this before. The neighbor was safe, or so she
  thought it was. For an eighteen year old girl, life was always a series of
  challenges and adventures. Except for the rape protection class, which her
  mother had forced her to attend, she always felt safe, having a tendency to
  underestimate danger, seeing it more as adventure. She regretted it now.  
 They came out of nowhere. One minute the street was empty,
  the next she felt someone behind her. Before she had a chance to react, her
  arms were pulled behind her back, a hand thrown tightly over her mouth. She
  was hefted up into the arms of the men, one holding her arms tightly, the other
  lifting her feet off the ground and hustled off to the car that was parked
  around the corner.  
 She was thrown into the back seat onto her stomach, her
  arms pulled behind her. Her face was pushed into the seat, unable to breath.  
 "Stop your struggling and I'll let you breathe," she heard
  one of them say.  
 She continued to fight, but began to get dizzy from the
  lack of air. She stopped struggling, feeling the pressure on her head relaxing.  
 "AAAGGHH," her head pulled sharply back by her hair. A
  piece of wadded cloth was stuffed into her mouth, smelly fingers pushing the
  dry material deep into the hot confines of her mouth. "GGGHHHGG," she gagged
  as it pushed into the back of her mouth. Her cheeks swelled from the large
  amount of cloth, her saliva soaked up into the dry material. She sucked in
  air through her nose, her chest rising and falling rapidly, trying to fill
  her lungs.  
 She felt her wrists pulled together and groaned in pain
  when she felt the harsh rope wrapped tightly round and round her wrists, biting
  painfully into her skin as her unseen attackers tied her tighter then needed.
  Rope was applied to her ankles, the same painful manner used, her toes and
  fingers already feeling the pins and needles as the circulation was cut off.
  She felt a hand on the back of her knees, her ankles brought up to her wrists,
  more rope securing them together.  
 A blindfold was placed around her eyes, darkness descending
  on her. She felt earplugs pushed into her ears, the sounds of the night suddenly
  silent. She felt the strangers leave her and she attempted to struggle to get
  free but only succeeded in bringing about more pain as the ropes seemed to
  constrict tighter as she moved. She had lost two of her senses, sight and sound,
  trapped in an unknown hell. Her breathing was ragged, still trying to figure
  out how to fill her lungs only through her nose.  
 She panicked, feeling someone pressing down on the seat
  near her. She began to struggle as fingers clamped tightly onto her nose, her
  only avenue for air now cut off. She shook and struggled, fighting the ropes
  that bound her tightly, ignoring the pain, her only purpose was to get some
  valuable air into her lungs. Her movements began to slow, getting lightheaded,
  her head dizzy. She was just about to pass out, almost grateful for the reprieve
  from the terrible asphyxiation when the fingers were released. She sucked in
  air through her nose, her body hyperventilating, hoping to fill her lungs rapidly.
  She continued the rapid filling of her lungs, grateful even for the stale air
  of the back seat.  
 She began to thrash about again, her nose clipped tightly
  again by strong fingers pushing harshly down. The pain was nothing compared
  to the apprehension she felt, as she bounced around the back seat, struggling
  for air. This went on for three more times. Each time her assailants seemed
  to know exactly when she would pass out and allow her to breathe again, not
  letting her escape into unconsciousness. He, or they, seemed to delight in
  her struggles and she never failed to do as expected, fighting for the air
  she was being denied.  
 He finally let her go, the assailant leaving the back seat.
  The vibrations of the car began, an indication that they were taking her elsewhere.
  Her hopes of a quick rescue by her family or neighbors were rapidly decreasing
  as they continued to drive longer and longer. They seemed to be on a highway
  now, the car no longer stopping and starting at lights or signs. It seemed
  like hours, the passage of time no longer relevant, the pain of the rope and
  the fear that they would return and cut off her air again keeping her on the
  edge of reality. She felt a rough, calloused hand run up and down her leg every
  once in a while, but the ear plugs had effectively cut off all sounds and voices.
  She could not even hear the car, the vibrations her only indication that they
  were still traveling.  
 It must have been at least an hour or two, the sense of
  time without hearing or sight being difficult. The vibration of the car seemed
  different now, and they seemed to be going slower now or the surface of the
  road was different. She felt the vibrations of the tires, they seemed to be
  going over a rough surface, not the smooth pavement of the highway. It began
  to get cooler in the back seat, her fears worsening. They could be in the mountains
  by now. Her rescue now seeming more distant. Her only chance of escape would
  be herself. She had to fight them off and get away. She didn't know where she
  was, but anything would be better then with them. She feared that she would
  be raped, a thought that she dreaded. At the first chance of escape, she planned
  to take it. No matter what!  
 She felt the car slowing, the air colder, her body getting
  goose bumps. The hand continued to occasionally move back into the seat, the
  assailant in the front much be leaning over and running his hands up and down
  her legs at will. The vibrations and the car bouncing up and down made her
  believe that they were on a gravel or dirt road. The car did not seem to be
  moving fast, her body bouncing up and down on the seat. Her apprehension increased,
  they seemed to be driving for a long time. It could only mean that they were
  driving deep into the forest. Even if she could escape, the hike out would
  be hard and she would have to evade recapture. She would not know where she
  was or even which direction to run. It must be dark by now, the blindfold making
  her reality that. In addition, any hope she had of screaming and someone hearing
  her and coming to her rescue was gone. They seemed to have planned her capture.
  It was not an act of randomness. It seemed to well planned. The car around
  the corner, the rope, and the drive to a desolate location all indications
  that her capture was planned. She feared that the most. They seemed to have
  worked out all the details. What were the details for her?  
 The car stopped and began to bounce, knowing that her assailants
  were getting out. She felt a rush of cold air come in the doors and felt hands
  returning to her body. She was forcefully pulled by her ankles to the edge
  of the seat and was frightened that she would be dumped painfully on the ground,
  unable to break the fall. She was relieved when she felt another pair of hands
  grab her by her shoulders, her body lifted and carried off into the night.
  They must be strong, her body tossed about like she was a feather. Escape would
  be more difficult.  
 She felt the hands leave her body and was released. She
  seemed to be flying through air, afraid of where she was going to land. She
  bounced on a bed, scant relief that it was soft, landing on her bound arms
  and legs, bending them painfully at unnatural angles. She lay curled on the
  bed, her heart racing, waiting for the unknown, the silence eerie. She could
  feel the room begin to get warmer, brightness behind her blindfold an indication
  of bright lights.  
 It felt like eyes were staring at her, her unseen assailants
  checking out their capture. She was wearing a blue sweater, jeans and sneakers.
  Her jeans were low cut, hugging her hips and fit her ass like they were poured
  on her. Even though she was not a virgin, she did not "sleep around. She did
  love to tease men with her clothes. Her sweater was short enough to leave a
  bare patch of flat stomach to entice any male and she regretted it now. She
  wished she was dressed in baggy sweat pants and sweatshirt. She was wearing
  a matching set of black bra and thong, another regrettable decision now.  
 She felt someone get on the bed next to her, trying to
  turn over to evade them, but a pair of hands grabbed the rope connecting her
  wrists and ankles and pulled her back. She could feel the ropes being pulled
  and suddenly her legs fell back down, released from her wrists. A hand rubbed
  her ass, her hips pushed into the mattress. She began to squirm, hoping to
  move away, not caring about the pain of the tight ropes, just wanting to stop
  the molesting hand that rubbed her ass like he owned it. Another slap on her
  ass, a painful sting. The hand returned to begin again rubbing her ass cheeks.
  She started squirming again, the slap again, this time harder. He was telling
  her to stop squirming. Her ass stung from his hand but she was not about to
  give in. Thank goodness for jeans, they bore the brunt of the slaps. When the
  molesting hand returned she started moving her hips from side to side, hoping
  to evade the molester.  
 She felt another pair of hands at her feet, the tight ropes
  suddenly loosened, but not before they were painfully pulled, burning her skin
  as they were pulled off. Hands held her ankles together, while she felt the
  other pair of hands move up to her face. The earplugs were pulled out, suddenly
  her head full of noises. She shut her eyes, the blindfold released, the glare
  of the harsh lights suddenly blinding her. She squinted, her vision finally
  coming back. She was in a rustic log cabin. It was a small one room cabin with
  a small kitchenette with a wooden table and chairs. The living room and bedroom,
  or more precisely the bed was in the same room as the couch and chair. It was
  sparsely furnished. A small fireplace seemed to be warming the cabin.  
She looked up and finally saw
  her captors. Her thoughts of a quick escape diminished. They're two, muscled
  men, early forties, over six feet tall. While not ugly, they were not attractive
  either. Both men showed rugged features, their hard life etched into their
  features. She looked back at the one behind her, one large hand encircling
  both of her ankles and holding them tight, grinning as he did. She looked at
  the other, his face only inches from hers, a big, mean smile on his face. She
  shook her head, "MMMMM", the only sound coming from her gagged mouth.  
He pinched her nose shut again,
  the panic in her eyes again. She felt the hands tighten on her ankles as she
  began to struggle for the precious air that she was being deprived. Her captor
  smiled as she bucked around on the bed, his finger tight on her nose. She began
  to slow, the oxygen deprivation sapping all of her strength.  
"Are you going to behave and keep
  your mouth shut if I remove the gag?" his voice a loud, raspy voice.  
She barely had time to nod her
  head, the dizziness coming on again. The fingers released her nose just in
  time again, the sound of her nose sucking in the precious air filling the room.
  The hand stayed on her face, running over her features. It moved like a lover
  would, outlining her eyes, nose and mouth as if trying to memorize them. Fingers
  moved around her tightly stretched lips, her nose inhaling the foul smell on
  his hands. They pushed inside her mouth, grabbing the soaked cloth and began
  to slowly pull it out. It dripped on her chin as it came out, her spit having
  soaked it completely. She spit, the fuzz from the cloth still filling her mouth.  
"Please, let me go and I wouldn't
  tell anyone. You haven't done anything yet." Her voice was determined, hoping
  that her demands would scare them into releasing her unharmed. That was her
  biggest worry. They did not seem to care that she saw their face and could
  recognize them. Her biggest fear before was rape. Now she feared that they
  might kill her. "Otherwise you will end up in jail for a long time."  
"Bring her over to the table," one
  of her captors seemed to be the leader, the other grabbing her by her bound
  wrists and pulling her to her feet. He pulled her over to the table, sitting
  her down onto a bench. He stood behind her, his body pressed up against her.
  She could feel a hard cock pushed into her shoulder blades. She had never felt
  anything that big before. They were going to rape her. She was sure of that
  now. She had to find a way to resist and hope she could get a chance to escape.
  The one behind her picked up a billy club and pushed it behind her bound arms.
  He yanked it up, forcing her body upright, her chest pushed out. She had beautiful,
  full breasts, with large, hard nipples. At her age, they would stand up by
  themselves, capped by her dark areolas and pink nipples.  
The leader came over to her, her
  eyes widening in fear. He had a pistol in her hand. He moved in front of her,
  placing his legs on the outside of hers, straddling her bound body. He grabbed
  her under the chin, lifting her face up to him, the one behind her yanking
  up on her arms, forcing her into an upright position. "What do you want?"  
He moved the gun around her face,
  letting the muzzle trace around her mouth, letting the tip of the gun sit on
  her lips. She watched him in fear, watching the finger on the trigger, afraid
  he would accidentally or on purpose pull the trigger. He tilted her head back
  more, her pleading eyes staring into his cold eyes.  
He grabbed her face tightly, forcing
  her head up painfully, the gun place on her mouth, "with a body like yours,
  you have to ask a question like that."  
She jerked her head back and forth,
  hoping to escape the gun pushed into her lips. "Please, please let me go," she
  begged. She felt her arms pulled up in back, the leader's hand becoming more
  demanding, her head held tightly.  
"Such a lovely thing you are," the
  gun playing along her chin before moving down the front of her sweater. "Are
  you going to let us fuck you?"  
"No," she exclaimed, "never." She
  was defiant, hoping that she could convince them to let her go or she would
  find her chance to escape. She felt the pistol return to her breasts, the side
  of the barrel caressing her breasts, moving back and forth over them, sliding
  between them, the barrel pushing into her nipples. She squirmed, the one behind
  her yanking on her arms. He seemed to be humping his hard cock into her back
  in a rhythm, almost like he was fucking her, trying to drive the big cock into
  her shoulder blades.  
"Don't ever say never, you might
  regret it," a dangerous tone in his voice. The muzzle of the gun moved down
  between her breasts and ran over the naked, flat plane of her stomach, moving
  up and down.  
She felt it snag onto her sweater
  and begin to pull her sweater up as it moved back between her cleavage. He
  moved his hand under the sweater, the cold muzzle now playing over her half
  naked skin.  
"Cut off her bra. She wouldn't
  be needing it," he ordered the one behind her.  
"NNOO," she cried out, beginning
  to cry as her situation became more desperate.  
"Hold real still, I wouldn't want
  to cut you."  
She froze, feeling her arms slump
  down, the one behind her make short work of her bra. She felt a prick, then
  the tension in her bra was released. She heard the sound of the knife cutting
  the cloth, the straps falling down. The bra was pulled out from under her sweater
  and she saw him throw it into the corner of the room.  
"Such nice tits like that don't
  need a bra," the leader said, the gun moving under her sweater again, this
  time the cold metal touching her naked skin.  
She felt her arms lurched up again,
  her breasts straining out in the front, both of them pinning her body between
  them. "Let me go and I will be nice to you," trying a new tactic. "I will masturbate
  you. I know you don't want to get into trouble. I'll jerk you off." She dreaded
  having to do that, but it was better then the alternative.  
She felt the leader yank her head
  painfully up again, the muzzle playing over her lips. Her breast were pushed
  out and in by the one in back of her, a gentle fucking motion of his hips driving
  her back and forth.  
His giant hand grabbed her face,
  pushing in hard. "You'll do more then that. Much more." His hand tightened
  on her neck. "You'll do anything we say."  
Her head was held tightly as the
  muzzle began to move under her sweater, feeling the cold steel play over her
  nipples, the tips becoming hard at the stimulation. He pushed her head down
  so she could watch as his hand slowly pulled her sweater up, revealing her
  naked breasts to both of her captors, the gun moving all over her breast flesh,
  her nipples swollen from the stimulation of the gun on them. "Please, no, no," her
  head moving back in forth in panic. They were slowly stripping her naked.  
The gun moved lower, down the
  flat plane of her taut stomach towards the top of her jeans. She looked back
  at the one behind her, his cock still humping her back, the Billy club still
  forcing her body upright. She looked down, the gun now playing over her belly
  button  
"Get up so we can get your jeans
  off you."  
"No, no, no," sobbing loudly now.  
The leader grabbed her jeans,
  yanking her upright by them. "I said off," he shouted. "Pull her jeans down," he
  ordered her other captor.  
She looked back at him, his face
  showing a big smile. He pulled the Billy club from behind her arms, making
  a loud noise as it dropped onto the table near her. He pushed her back down
  onto the bench, her wrists still tied behind her.  
He yanked her sweater up in the
  front until her naked breasts were exposed, his hands rubbing over the teenage
  flesh. He moved behind her, leaning over her body, his hands roughly fondling
  her naked tits as the leader watched. His hands reached down to her jeans,
  moving to open the snaps. Her legs began to pull up and she started squirming
  on the bench, anything to stop the stripping of her jeans from her body. He
  pulled the zipper down and pulled the jeans to the side.  
She was yanked up, the captor
  behind her, pulling her jeans down her tight hips. He continually spun her
  around, pulling from the front, swinging her around and then from the back,
  almost knocking her down, keeping her off balance as he shoved her jeans down
  her legs. She could only stand there, bound, as her jeans were slowly stripped
  down her legs.  
"Nice ass on her, swing her around
  again," her body forced around so the leader could get a better glimpse at
  her panty covered ass cheeks. "Let them fall around her ankles," he ordered
  the other. She felt them pulled down until they bunched at her ankles.  
"Please, don't strip me naked," she
  begged.  
She was pushed back down onto
  the bench, her captor moving behind her, his hands moving quickly to her breasts.
  She felt his big hands squeeze them painfully before moving down and pulling
  her sweater up. She brought her legs up and moved about on the bench, attempting
  to stop him from stripping her naked. She pleaded with the leader, "don't let
  him do this to me," twisting and turning.  
She felt the one behind her pull
  up her sweater until it was under her chin, her breasts naked. His hand grabbed
  her chin, pulling her upright, his hand returning to fondle her naked breasts,
  pinching and pulling on her nipples before moving lower to her panties. "NNNO," she
  cried, but he pulled on her panties, pulling them out from her body, looking
  down inside to see her naked bush. His hands returned to her breast, running
  back and forth over her teenage breasts.  
She sat in the chair, her head
  hanging down in embarrassment, her breasts naked and her jeans gathered around
  her ankles, binding her legs, clad in only her panties. And she wasn't sure
  how long they would remain.  
The leader came back over
    to her, straddling her half naked body now, his hands running over her face,
    pulling her face up to look at his. "How do you like being stripped for us?" Your
    tits are even better then I thought. His fingers began to twist in her hair,
    gathering the long tresses and pulling them into a circle, tightening them.
    She felt the one behind her, his hands still continuing to play over her
    naked breasts, rubbing and caressing them, fingers pulling her nipples up,
    making the red from the abuse. The leader continued to play with her hair,
    his other hand running over her face. "We're going to fuck you hard.  
  Such a nice body like yours was made for fucking."   
"Please let me go, please," she
  begged, the two men continuing to fondle her half naked body.  
"Release her arms," the leader
  told the other one.  
"Thank you, thank you," jubilant
  that she was going to be released, not understanding why, just happy that she
  was. Her jubilance was short-lived. The leader reached down and started stroking
  her naked legs as the other fumbled with the tight rope behind her. He ran
  his hands over her naked breasts.  
"Great tits," one hand moving
  down to her legs and begin to rub them, moving from one leg to the next, his
  hands rubbing her hips, moving back to grab her naked ass flesh. Two hands
  followed, grabbing one of her thighs.  
She struggled, bringing her legs
  up when he reached between her thighs, squirming when he rubbed her hips, her
  movement limited by her captor working on her bound wrists. "I thought you
  were letting me go," she cried out to the leader.  
Her wrists were finally released
  from the rope, but her captor gripped them tightly in his big hands. "We're
  just going to strip you naked for us," he laughed.  
She began to sob, her situation
  now terrible. The leader was pulling her jeans off her legs as she kicked with
  her legs. But the jeans around her ankles made her kicks ineffective. "NNNNNO,
  wwwwhhh," tears falling from her eyes. She struggled, the leader grabbing her
  naked leg and pulling the jeans off one of her legs. The captor behind her
  yanked her arms back, his other hand yanking her chin back, forcing her upright
  again. She kicked and kicked, one leg now free from the confining jeans but
  now naked. She tried to kick him with the free leg but he was stronger, brushing
  her kicks aside.  
The leader moved up to her face,
  grabbing it tightly. "You don't want to get hurt do you? Relax now," he ordered
  her. She pulled her legs up as he moved back down to strip the jeans from her
  other leg. He took her jeans, balling them up and tossing them into the corner
  with her bra.  
The captor behind her yanked her
  arms up high into the air, while the leader pulled the sweater up, covering
  her face before pulling it off her arms. She cried again, her breasts now naked.
  Her arms were released as she was now naked except for her tiny panties.  
She began to cry again, moving
  around on the bench, four hands now roughly fondling her body. The leader grabbed
  her wrists and moved them behind her. "Hold her," he ordered the other. The
  captor grabbed both of her wrists in one giant hand, his other hand back to
  her breast to fondle it. The leader moved between her kicking legs, his hands
  running up and down her side, sliding over her naked breasts before sliding
  down her naked hips and ass cheeks as she bounced around the bench.  
His hands moved up her stomach
  to grab her breasts before moving back down to run up and down the inside of
  her thighs. She tried to kick him, but he moved in between her legs, his body
  keeping her legs to the outside as she kicked uselessly, crying as she was
  fondled against her will by the two captors. She felt his leg move between
  her thighs, snuggling up to her sex, his hands moving towards her face again,
  pulling her head up.  
"Time for you panties to come
  off." We can't wait to see that tight, teenage pussy."  
She felt her body being leaned
  back, the captor behind her pulling her arms down towards the ground. Her ass
  moved up, her legs following, the leader now placing his hands on the waist
  of her panties. His hands ran over her panties, feeling her flesh beneath them,
  running up and down her naked hips, moving under her to grab her ass cheeks. "SSSOOBBB,'
  her babbling as she jerked around on the bench, her captor behind her continuing
  to fondle her breasts.  
She was lifted up from the chair,
  the leader taking the opportunity to pull her panties down her legs. She kicked,
  but he grabbed her legs, yanking it up and pulling her panties off. They released
  her arms but she fought them as the leader began to run his hands over her
  naked pussy. He pulled her wrists back again to her captor, but he was too
  busy running his hands over her flesh.  
"Put your hands behind your back
  or I will have to hurt you," the leader ordered her. She saw the look on his
  face, afraid of what he might do. She put her hand behind her back and watched
  as the leaders hands moved back to run up and down her naked thighs, his legs
  keeping hers separated, her naked pussy now open for his hands.  
She looked back, her captor behind
  her, his hands running up and down her side to grab at her hanging breasts. "Obey
  or we will hurt you," he said. The leader began again, her hands unable to
  abide, moving in front, grabbing at the air, afraid of pushing him away as
  his hands crawled all over her naked flesh.  
They both stopped touching her,
  standing up, pinning her seated body between them. She brought her legs up,
  tucking her face between her hands, her knee preventing him from between her
  legs and cried. The one behind her continued to play with her breasts, the
  leader cupping her face. "We're going to fuck you, so you might as well cooperate."  
She bent her head down, her face
  banging into his arm. She did not think, just reacting, biting his arm.  
He jerked his arm back before
  she could do much damage. One grabbed her from behind and jerked her upright.
  The leader stepped between her legs and swung his hand and hit her face with
  his open hand, her head snapping to the side from the powerful blow.  
She cried louder, her hands holding
  her stinging face, blood running from her nose.  
The leader cupped her face tenderly, "are
  you going to do that again?"  
"No, please don't hit me, please." She
  felt her arms pulled behind her again, readying her again to molest her naked
  flesh.  
"Hands behind your back and keep
  them there this time."  
She complied, her wrists together.
  She watched as the leader picked up the pistol again, afraid for her life this
  time. They had now hurt her, any expectation of it not happening having disappeared.
  The one behind her had two hands free, using one hand to grab her by the hair,
  yanking her head upright, the other hand grabbing her breast, hefting it up.
  The leader caressed her inner thighs with the cold muzzle of the pistol, letting
  it play up her pussy slit. She brought one leg up, bent at the knee, her pistol
  continuing to run up and down her slit.  
"Leg down and spread your legs."  
She obeyed, the pain still lingering
  in her face. Her hips jerked up as the muzzle slid between her pussy lips,
  the metal spreading them apart. "Please, not the pistol," she cried.  
"Keep your legs spread open," the
  muzzle run across her abdomen, back and forth before running up her slit again.  
She allowed her legs to part,
  her pussy open to the cruel fondling of the pistol. He continued to move the
  muzzle over her body, from her breasts, circling her nipples, back and forth
  over her abdomen, her thighs clenching together, afraid of the muzzle between
  them again.  
"Open again, I know you like the
  feel of the metal on your pussy." Her legs parted, the muzzle pushing deeper
  between them, her juices beginning to coat the pistol.  
Her hair was being tightened,
  her head pulled back. The leader moved in closer, his mouth moving down to
  one of her erect nipples.  
"AAAGGGHH," she yelled as she
  felt the hot mouth suck one of her nipples into his mouth, his tongue lashing
  at the pink nipple. "NNNOOO, NNNNAAAH," she yelled, her hands yanking her hair
  from her captor hand, pushing away the leader from her breast and kicking out
  with her legs. She pounded anything she could find with her fists, kicking
  and yelling, unable to stand the molestation of her body any longer. "GGET
  awwway, nnnoo," she cried out.  
The leader straddled her body
  again, her captor pinning her arms behind her again, trapping her young body
  between their muscled bodies.  
 "What did I tell you?" the pistol
  still playing up and down between her breasts as he spoke to her. "What are
  we to do with you?" Her captor released her arms, his hands not able to get
  enough of her teenage breasts. The leader placed the pistol muzzle against
  her mouth. "Would you like it in your mouth and pull the trigger?" he taunted
  her.  
She felt her body being pulled
  farther back onto the bench and then pushed forward, bent at the waist, the
  leader's hand pushing down on her back, her breasts hanging down. Her captor
  pulled her wrists behind her back and picked up the rope again.  
"Yes, tie her again. She doesn't
  seem to know how to behave."  
She cried again, "no, please don't
  I'll be good." She did not want the feeling of helplessness she felt when she
  was bound. Unable to stop them from doing anything they wanted with her naked
  body. The leader held her by her neck until she was bound again, the ropes
  digging painfully into her flesh. A slap to her ass showed that they were finished.  
She was pulled upright again,
  the leader now behind her. He twisted her body sideways onto the bench, now
  straddling the narrower width. The leader placed his hands on her naked tits
  and pulled her backwards. Her captor, now between her legs, slapped her inner
  thighs. "Spread 'em." He moved his legs between hers and parted her legs by
  pushing outward on her thighs.  
She cried as her sex was now spread
  obscenely, her legs yanked wide and held open by his legs. The leader grabbed
  her face, bending her farther back until she was almost horizontal. Her captor
  ran his hands up to her breasts then back down the naked plane of her stomach
  until finally his hand running over her naked, spread pussy. She sobbed as
  her sex was openly fondled.  
"No, no," she sobbed, humiliated
  as the two men molested her. One hand reached between her legs and lightly
  slapped her spread pussy. The Leaders hands moved back down to her breasts
  and squeezed them, his fingers digging into her hard nipples. Four hands were
  now running over her naked body as she cried and begged. Her legs were held
  open, her captor's hands moving over her pussy, grabbing it with his big palm,
  the leader moving down her stomach and back up to her breasts. She tried to
  kick the hands away, but the four hands were more powerful, slapping aside
  her useless effort.  
Her bites to the leader was brushed
  off, his hands reaching down between her spread legs and goosing her open pussy.
  She bucked and kicked, but each time they pushed her back down horizontally,
  her legs spread to the side, her naked sex open to their fondling. Her head
  shook back and forth, unable to comprehend why someone would subject her to
  such ruthlessness.  
She tried to kick them but she
  began to fall off the short bench, the leader her only support before she would
  hit the floor. Her captor pinned her legs together and the both of them lifted
  her back up onto the narrow bench. She tried to kick him, bringing her leg
  up between his, both she did not have enough power to do any damage. He released
  her pinned legs. She drew them up towards her body and tried to lash out with
  kicks to her captor, the leader still holding her head tightly.  
"Let me go, let me go," she yelled,
  kicking her legs back and forth, her captor trying to grab the fast moving
  legs. He finally succeeded, grabbing her tightly around each ankle and brought
  her legs up and back, her pussy lips now spreading open even wider, revealing
  her soft, pink insides. He stepped between her legs, keeping her in that position,
  ass rising up from the bench as he drew her legs up higher. She began to slip
  again from the bench, her legs getting free and kicking out.  
"EEEEHHH," she screamed out in
  pain, her bound wrists painfully bent. Her body slumped in pain. A hand was
  pushed between her legs, hauling her body back onto the bench. They continued
  to run their hands between her legs, grabbing her pussy even when she slumped
  down, the pain overcoming her body. She caught them off guard and kicked her
  legs, almost hitting one before they overpowered her again and pulled her flat
  down on the bench again.  
Her captor grabbed her legs behind
  the knees with one hand, raising her ass up from the chair, her ass cheeks
  and tiny asshole now exposed. His hand began to run over her cheeks, slapping
  her ass as he did as she cried out. "No, NO, not there," trying to squirm but
  they had managed to securely hold her.  
They sat her back upright on the
  bench, four hands continuing to run over her naked body as she begged and cried
  for them to leave her alone.  
"We're going to fuck you. Going
  to fuck that hot, wet, teenage pussy. Are you ready for some big cock?"  
She felt her hands being released
  again. Her hair was being curled on top of her head again, a strong hand grabbing
  it tightly, forcing her head upright. She rubbed her hands, her captor still
  trying to run his hand over her naked flesh. She tried to brush his hands aside. "Please,
  leave me along for a few minutes. Please."  
She did not see the leader throw
  a blanket on the floor behind her, otherwise she would not have been so vulnerable.
  Her captor quickly swept her off her feet, his hands grabbing her behind the
  knees and quickly scooping her up. He kicked the bench out of the way and placed
  her down on her side on the blanket. The leader was waiting, rolling her over
  onto her stomach, pinning her down with his hands. She kicked and screamed
  as she felt so vulnerable, naked and pinned on her belly. She cried as her
  captor grabbed her kicking legs and began to spread them out, the leader pushing
  down on her lower back, effectively pinning her to the floor.  
The leader pinned her arms down,
  her captor kept her legs spread at least four feet wide, one leg pinned with
  his hand, the other with his leg. "What a great ass." The hands began to roam
  over her vulnerable body again, the leaders moving up and down her back before
  finally dipping down to stroke her naked ass cheeks.  
She was afraid, her body so spread,
  the leader releasing her hands, too anxious to fondle her naked ass. She lay
  their, trembling in fear, her hands clenched tightly as they subject her to
  their fondling again. Her captor pinned her legs with his, two hands now free
  to roam over the naked ass cheeks before him. He could see her pussy peeking
  out from between her legs. His fingers sought out her ass cheeks, spreading
  them painfully, her tiny asshole exposed to their gaze.  
"NO, NO, NO," she sobbed, fingers
  running over her exposed anus, her body shivering in fear.  
"You ever been fucked in the ass?" she
  was asked. She panicked, the fingers becoming more insistent, one finger slowly
  entering her asshole, the finger painful as her tiny hole had to expand. Fingers
  stretched out her asshole, pulling it open.  
The hands left her, urging her
  over onto her back. She fought the leader, her arms flailing uselessly, her
  legs kicking. Hands grabbed her ankles, twisting her over. "No, please, let
  me go," a hand slapping her painfully on her naked ass.  
"On your back and spread your
  legs," one of them ordered her.  
She fought them, pushed over onto
  her side, hands always running over her body, a palm slapping her ass as she
  cried. "Over now and spread your legs," hands grabbing her ankles and yanking
  her onto her back.  
"No, no," the leader pinning her
  arms down again, her captor holding her legs. She had brought them up towards
  her chest, bent at the knees, trying to prevent their hands from her sex.  
The leader released her hands,
  cradling her head. "Do you want some cock now?" Her captor lifted her up by
  her ankles, her naked ass exposed again, his hands rubbing over it as she fought
  the fondling. Her arms were pinned again by the leader, her legs spread wide
  and pinned by her captors legs, his hands running between her legs, up and
  down her body until they clenched on her teenage tits then back down to cradle
  her pussy.  
"It's time to suck some cock," the
  leader said. Her captor grabbed her between the legs and pulled her around
  until she was on her knees.  
She buried her head into the blanket,
  not even caring if her ass was exposed. She had never had a cock in her mouth
  and did not want to start now. Not when it would be a rape. Her captor pulled
  her upright, still kneeling on the blanket. She looked at the leader in front
  of her, his hands pulling down his zipper and unloosening his pants. "No, No,
  never."  
Her captor grabbed her wrists
  and pulled them behind her back. The leader pulled her face upward by her hair.
  His hand reached out and slapped her face, her head shooting to the side by
  the blow. She cried out but before she could do anything, she was slapped again,
  this time her other cheeks.  
The leader had already removed
  his shirt, his muscular chest before her, his pants already opened. She could
  see a giant cock inside his shorts. "No, don't make me do that. I'll use my
  hand. I'll jerk you off, please."  
He grabbed he head again by the
  hair, her head shaking back and forth, "no,no". He stood up and pulled his
  pants down until his cock was free. She had turned her head, not wanting to
  see. He yanked her head forward. "This is for that hot little mouth."  
"If you bite it, I will cut your
  throat," he threatened her. Her captor moved behind her, forcing her body up,
  his body pinning her. The leader moved in, his cock in his hand, pulling her
  face towards it.  
She had never seen anything that
  big. The head was a bright red. She could already see some cum glistening on
  it. It must be over three inches in diameter and at least ten inches long.
  Two swollen balls hung down below it. Her hair was yanked by her captor, her
  mouth opening to scream in pain. The leader pushed his cock into her waiting
  mouth, pinning her head between the both of them.  
"Now suck, suck my cock,"  
Her head was pulled back and forth,
  her lips closing onto the huge cock, her mouth stretched tightly around it.
  She gagged when it was first placed inside her mouth, her tongue tasting the
  salty, thick cum. She pulled her mouth from his cock, trying to push it aside. "No,
  don't make me do this. I can't." She pulled her hands lose, trying to push
  his cock aside.  
Her wrists were grabbed again
  and pulled behind her. The leader amused himself with rubbing his dick across
  her face and lips, a trail of wet cum marking where it had been.  
"AAAHHHHEE, AAAHHHEE," she sobbed,
  crying at having to perform such a loathsome task. Her head was pulled back,
  her mouth opened and she was fed his giant cock again. "MMMM, MMMMMMM' her
  mouth gagged with the giant head of his cock.  
"Suck it, use your tongue or I'll
  beat you senseless." He pulled her face onto his cock, forcing more of it into
  the hot confines of her teenage mouth.  
"No, don't do that, please, I
  suck it," she mumbled the cock sitting heavily on her tongue.  
Her captor left her alone and
  began to remove his clothes. He wanted to feel her hot mouth wrapped around
  his cock. The leader was jerking her face back and forth onto his cock, feeling
  her tongue swirling around the bulbous head. She pulled her mouth off his cock. "Please,
  just don't cum in my mouth, please, no." She was jerked back onto his cock
  her mouth fitting it like a glove.  
She was face fucked, each time
  the leader forcing more and more of his long cock into her mouth. Her face
  grimaced each time it shot to the back of her throat. Finally it hit the end. "CCCOOOUUGH," choking
  as it gagged her. She pulled off the large cock, but the leader pushed her
  face back on again. Her hands were clenched in front of her, her eyes shut
  tightly as the cock was pushed deep into her throat. Each time, she choked
  and gagged, her eyes watering, her nose running, her head twisted back and
  forth, forcing her to take the brutal face fuck.  
He pulled his cock from her mouth
  as she choked, her fists clenched in front of her, her head down, her breathing
  ragged. His stroked his cock, rubbing it all over her face, leaving trails
  of spit and cum.  
Her captor returned, his cock
  out, his hands running over her face. "You're going to be sucking a lot of
  cock."  
The leader held his cock up to
  her lips, pulling her head up to it.  
"Please, not anymore, don't put
  it in my mouth again. It's too big, it makes me choke.  
Her captor stroked her face, pushing
  her towards his cock. "Suck, you have my cock next."  
The large cock slipped between
  her lips again, filling her mouth with his foul tasting cock. She let her tongue
  run over it as his hands instructed her head back and forth on his cock, using
  her mouth to masturbate himself. He twisted her head sideways, her big eyes
  looking up at him as he forced her cheeks out with his bulbous head. She choked,
  pulling her head off his cock, her face grimacing from the terrible task she
  was required to perform.  
The leader kept his hand on her
  head while her captor maneuvered around, his cock in his hand, waiting for
  his turn in her hot, teenage mouth.  
She turned sideways, his hand
  grabbing her head and pulling her onto his cock, plunging inside her lips,
  his cock jerking in pleasure as her tongue began to run over the head. She
  sobbed as she sucked, "mmmmmm, eeeehhh," her head jerked back and forth on
  his cock. The leader stood next to her, stroking his cock as he watched her
  suck.  
"NNNNEEEE," crying at having to
  perform the despicable act. "AAAhh, AAAhhh," beginning to sob, her lips and
  tongue tiring. Her captor used two hands to hold her face, one on top, the
  other under her chin, fucking her face onto his cock.  
They bent her head back, both
  cocks now being rubbed over her face. The leader began to slap her face with
  his heavy cock. She whimpered as they both fought to get her to suck their
  cocks, her hair pulled back and forth, her mouth fucked onto one cock, then
  pulled off, the other cock shoved harshly into her mouth. Her face was yanked
  back and forth. Finally she could not stand it any longer, her arms raising
  up, pushing their cocks aside. "No, No more, I can't do it anymore."  
They pulled her to her feet, the
  leader behind her, stroking his cock with one hand, his other hand running
  over her naked flesh again. Her captor could not wait, pushing her down to
  her knees again, his cock in his fist, jammed into her waiting mouth.  
Her hair was grabbed and the face
  fucking began again. The leader kneeled behind her and began to run his hands
  up and down her flanks. Her hands fought his as they tried to grab her breasts
  or move between her legs and feel her pussy. "No, leave me alone," slapping
  at his groping hands. Her captor, impatient, grabbed her head and forced his
  cock deep inside her mouth.  
The leader's hands began to play
  with her breasts, pinching the nipples before moving down the flat stomach
  to grip her pussy with his hand.  
She choked and gagged, the thick
  cock forced down her throat. "GGGGHHHGGGG, GGGHHHGG", her breathing ragged
  as she was throat fucked. The leader's hand returned to his cock, stroking
  his cock as his hands rubbed over her ass cheeks. She moved back off the cock, "NNNNNOO,
  noo more," falling backwards against the leader, pushing her captor away. "No
  more, I can't do it anymore," she cried.  
The leader was fingering her pussy
  as he stroked his cock. Her captor let his hands molest her body again. "Maybe
  you would like to fuck instead."  
Her arms flailed at them but she
  was pushed down onto her back, the leader instantly pouncing on her, kneeling
  over her head. Her captor grabbed her ankles and spread her legs as she tried
  to kick free, crying as they continued to molest her. She put her hand on her
  pussy, trying to stop him from fucking her. Her head was pulled back and before
  she could respond, her mouth was opened and filled with the leader's hard cock.
  He used her mouth for a receptacle, stroking his cock inside her lips as her
  tongue play over it.  
He pulled her head back farther
  and pushed his cock in deeper.  
"EEEEEEHHH," she screamed. "EEEEEEHHHH," forgetting
  about her captor between her spread legs. He lifted her ass off the blanked,
  her ankles around his neck. He fisted his cock and pushed it into her tight
  pussy. She squirmed and kicked her legs, the leader helping to grab her legs
  and pull them up until they were almost over her head, sinking his cock deep
  inside her mouth as she bucked around. She jerked her hips around, as the cock
  continued to fuck her tight pussy. He pulled his cock out and removed his shirt.
  He ran his hands up and down her pussy lips, his other hand stroking his cock,
  preparing to fuck her again.  
She was pushed on her side, the
  thick cock still forced into her mouth, her captor stroking her ass. She was
  suddenly turned over and forced to her hands and knees, her captor behind her. "No,
  no more," she cried out, the hands continuing to molest her flesh.  
The leader stroked his cock in
  front of her. "Suck it again," grabbing her hair and pulling her down onto
  his cock as she mewed in protest. Her hair was used as reins again, jerking
  her back and forth on his hard cock. Her captor was behind her naked ass, her
  legs spread, his hand stroking his cock as he ran his hands over her body.
  He slipped his hand between her legs and began to finger her pussy as she sucked
  the leaders cock. He wet his fingers, slipping two inside her tight pussy.  
The leader pulled his cock from
  her mouth, her captor already on his feet. They pulled her upright onto her
  knees, her mouth already filled with a hard cock. The leader stroked his cock
  behind her, rubbing his finger up and down her ass cheek, letting his fingers
  rub over her anus. She was pulled back and forth on the hard cock again, her
  mouth sucking on again. Her hands rested on her thighs as her hair was used
  to fuck her face again, her face forced deep onto the cock. She pulled back, "no
  more, don't make me anymore."  
They forced her onto all fours,
  her head pushed into the blanket, her ass arched up high. She felt a hand grab
  her ankle, spreading her leg wide. Her other legs was pulled backwards, her
  pussy now stretched open. The leader ran his fingers up and down her pussy,
  her arms fighting back his intrusion. Her hair was grabbed, her head pulled
  up and a cock fucked back into her mouth again.  
She was kneeling on all fours,
  her captor holding his cock inside her mouth, stroking in the hot confines
  of her teenage mouth. The leader behind her wet his finger and stuck it up
  her asshole, a loud burst of protest coming from her cock stuffed mouth. She
  cried, mumbling, "take your finger out of my ass, please, it hurts." He ignored
  her protests, fingering her tight asshole, feeling her sphincter grab the digit.
  Her captor used two hands on her head again and began to pump her up and down
  quickly on his cock. She mewed and groaned from the duel ravishment.  
Her face grimaced in pain as the
  finger speared her virgin asshole, plunging in and out as he stroked his cock.
  She moved her hips about, trying to expel the finger so ruthlessly plunging
  up her asshole. She whimpered and cried, as the finger continued to expand
  her back passage. She kneeled up, pulling her mouth from his cock, unable to
  stand the pain any longer. "No more, leave my ass alone," she protested.  
The leader pushed her back down
  onto all fours again. Her captor continued to stroke his cock into her face,
  the leader's fingers returning to enter her hot, tight asshole again. She looked
  back, his hand stroking his cock, his finger in her asshole. She scooted forward
  on her knees, the finger popping from her asshole.  
He moved forward, pushing up against
  her ass again, hid hands running over her tight ass cheeks.  
She looked back as he grabbed
  her left leg, pulling it back and out. Her right leg was next, spreading her
  open. His hand grabbed her spread pussy, his other hand still stroking his
  cock. His hand went between her spread cheeks, fingers running over her anus
  again. She looked back, afraid of his finger as she saw him wet it. He pushed
  it against her anus, pushing hard on it, forcing her back down onto the cock
  thrust back into her mouth. She felt hands grab her head again, her mouth full
  of cock.  
She did not have any time to adjust
  to the large cock. The leader pushed it hard into her pussy, tearing into her
  tight passage, his hands on her hips, jerking her back and forth as he fucked
  her hard.  
Her hand went up into the air
  as she felt the hard cock tear her tender flesh. "AAAGGHH," she screamed as
  he fucked her. "OOOOWW," she yelled, her body jerked back and forth, her pussy
  forced to take the hard cock banging her tender insides.  
"What's the matter, never been
  fucked by a big cock," the leader laughing.  
"MMMMM, MMMMM," she cried, her
  mouth fucked by her captors cock, her lips wrapped tightly around it, her pussy
  getting fucked, her body buffeted between the twin cocks, a mass of pain. Her
  captor wrapped his hands into her hair and drew her mouth farther onto his
  big cock.  
"Suck it, suck my big cock."  
She felt the leader's hands rubbing
  over her ass cheeks, a hand slapping them as he rode her hard. "Nice tight,
  teenage pussy," her moaning as he forced her little pussy to expand for his
  hot, hard cock,  
The leader slowed down, making
  her take all of his cock in each push. He slowly jerked her pussy onto his
  meat, feeling it clenching as he bore into her. He began to pick up speed again,
  fucking her with hard, brutal strokes.  
She pulled her mouth off her captors
  cock. "Please, tell him not to fuck me so hard, please, it hurts so bad." She
  was crying now, her pussy burning as he continued to fuck her, his stomach
  slapping noisily onto her ass cheeks, bouncing off each time.  
Her captors grabbed his cock in
  his hand and slapped her mouth and lips, back and forth, forcing her to stick
  her tongue out, before sticking it back into her mouth, muffling her cries
  of pain.  
They both rode her hard, the cock
  in her mouth banging painfully on her lips, the cock in her pussy, slapping
  on her ass cheeks, her body bouncing around, her hanging tits swaying back
  and forth from the hard fucking.  
The leader forced her body flat
  onto the ground, climbing onto her ass cheeks and pumping his cock as he spewed
  forth rope after rope of hot cum onto her flesh.  
"MMMM, MMMM," her mouth forced
  deep onto the cock in her mouth, gagging and choking as the hands in her hair
  forced her back and forth onto the thick cock. He stroked his cock in her mouth,
  slowing down, the leader getting off her back, his cock still hard. It was
  his turn to ride her with his cock now.  
She felt hands on her, turning
  her over onto her ass, pushing her onto her back. "What, what are you going
  to do?" Her captor grabbed her head, pushing it down, his hips almost on top
  of her face.  
"Open up, I'm going to face fuck
  you." He did not have to wait long, her mouth open, jerking his hips forward
  fucking his cock into the hot confines of her mouth again. He slapped her hands
  away as she tried to stop him and began to fuck her mouth like it was her pussy,
  his hips jerking back and forth into her mouth, pinning her to the ground.  
She coughed and gagged as he was
  able to take her mouth with deep hard thrusts, burying his cock into her throat
  as her hands clenched in the air, her head shaking back and forth, protesting
  the fucking of her mouth. "NNNNNN, the cock blocking her begging, fucking in
  and out.  
She pushed him away, spitting
  out his cock. "Noooo, nnnooo more," she cried out, turning on her side away
  from him, curling into a ball.  
"More, so much more," rolling
  her over onto her back again, crawling between her legs. He grabbed her knees,
  pulling them up and back, his hips jumping between the space between her legs.
  He laid on top of her, his cock burying itself into her tight pussy in one
  brutal plunge that knocked the air from her longs. He began to pump her, her
  muscular body pounding into her splayed body as she screamed and cried.  
He rose up onto his hands so he
  could get better leverage and give her brutal, jar wrenching fucks into her
  abused pussy, his body riding her body painfully. She fought with her hands,
  punching uselessly at his muscular chest as he fucked her hard. He grabbed
  her hands, pinning them besides her head, her screams making his cock bigger.
  His hand went beneath her ass, pinching and squeezing her flesh, his hand grabbing
  her under the knee and pulling one leg up until it was almost over her head,
  her pussy now open even more to his brutal cock.  
"NNNO, NNnoo, stoppp, I can't
  take the pain any longer. You're tearing me up," his hips splatting into her
  splayed sex, her pussy taking a beating.  
He slowed down, her body pinned
  under him, her legs drawn up and spread, his body pressing her painfully into
  the floor. He thrust his cock forward, bruising her insides as the bulbous
  head banged her cervix. Again, beginning to pick up speed again. "I love hot,
  tight teenage pussy. Now you know what it feels like to be fucked by a big
  cock," pumping her harder and harder again. She began to cry and beg again,
  her fists clenched in pain.  
She felt him get off her, but
  her relief was short-lived. He turned her over, placing her onto her hands
  and knees, her legs spread wide again. He fisted his cock and plunged it back
  into her, now able to fuck her harder and deeper. She raised her head up, "stop,
  stop, you're killing me."  
He pushed her head down, her ass
  sticking back up higher. His cock went back to fucking her hard, her tits bouncing,
  her ass slapped by his stomach as he fucked her.  
She rose up her head, turning
  towards him, "please, please, it hurts tooo much,"' his cock continuing to
  fuck her. She kneeled up, his cock still buried in her pussy, his hands coming
  around to cup her tits, rubbing his body on her ass.  
"Do you want me to stop fucking
  your pussy? Does it hurt too much?"  
"Yes, thank you, it hurts too
  much, you both fucked it too hard."  
She saw the leader come around
  and help her over to the bench that they had stripped her naked on. They pulled
  her over to it, pressing her onto it, her tits flattened out and pushed into
  the bench. Her hands and head hung over one hand, the rest of her body from
  the waist down hanging off the other.  
"You said you wouldn't fuck me
  anymore. Please, no morel," she began to cry. She felt her captor move behind
  her, spreading her legs again, pushing up against her, his cock still hard,
  pushed against her ass. She felt him fumbling behind her and then she felt
  him line up his big cock. But it was not her pussy, but her asshole. "NNNO,
  NNNO," panicking, his cock slowly forcing its way into her asshole. She felt
  it stretching, a painful burning as his bulbous head slowly expanded her tiny
  anus.  
"EEEEEEHHHH," she screamed as
  his cock tore into her tiny asshole, tearing her flesh as it wormed itself
  into her rectum. Her sphincter clenched onto the mighty cock, squeezing it,
  trying to force it out of her body. He continued to push, "EEEEEHHH," panting,
  her body racked with pain as it felt like a steel bar was being forced up her
  ass. It continued its journey, feeling every bump and vein on it as it slid
  inside her colon, her stomach cramping on the giant cock.  
He finally hit bottom, his cock
  jerking inside her, her asshole clenching and unclenching in pain on his pulsating
  cock, massaging it.  
The leader came over to her, he
  had the billy club in his hand. "Never had a cock up your ass before?"  
He looked back at her captor, "fuck
  her, fuck her ass."  
"No, NO," she cried as she felt
  the cock pull out of her asshole, feeling like it was dragging her guts out
  with her. She began to cry and sob as her captor grabbed her hips and began
  to piston his cock into her asshole. He pushed down on her neck, pinning her
  to the bench, her hands hanging uselessly as he began the painful fucking of
  her once virgin asshole.  
"Oh, I love virgin, teenage asshole.
  You should feel it gripping my cock. It feels like she is going to scrape the
  skin off of it every time I fuck in." Her captor plummet her body, his large
  cock opening her tiny asshole, her anus spread tightly around it as it fucked
  back in and out.  
"EEEEHHH, NNNNOOO, EEEEHHH," crying,
  her mouth open in pain as her asshole was constantly filled with his man-sized
  cock.  
The leader moved the billy club
  under her neck and pulled up on it, smashing on her throat, her mouth opening
  as her breathing was cut off. "Fuck back with your asshole, squeeze his cock
  or I will choke you."  
He was doing it again, just like
  when they first captured her. Cutting off her oxygen until she panicked and
  almost passed out. Her body was arched up, giving her captor easy access to
  fuck her in the ass even deeper, her stomach cramping on the hard cock buried
  inside her. He was taking less strokes, but deeper, making her take all of
  it slowly up her backside until it was buried deep inside her colon, her body
  gripping onto it in pain  
"Is she squeezing you yet?" the
  leader asked her captor.  
"Not yet, make her fuck back.
  I want her to milk my cock."  
The leader pulled the billy club
  from under her neck, placing it on the back of her neck and pushed down, pinning
  her down onto the bench. "NO, please don't do that again," she begged, sobbing
  as her ass went from empty to full each time he fucked his cock inside her.  
"Squeeze his cock!"  
She squeezed the muscles of her
  ass, the pain increasing as she did. She felt his cock jerk, knowing that her
  pain was giving him greater pleasure. She felt a slap on her ass.  
"Again, do that again."  
She did, gripping his cock as
  it pulled painfully from her asshole. She felt the billy club push down on
  the back of her neck, pinning her to the bench. He was still slowly fucking
  her asshole, the painful stretching and tearing burning her back passage.  
"Fuck her ass, fuck her ass hard.
  Ride her," he ordered her captor.  
He did not need any encouragement.
  He grabbed her hips tightly, his fingers turning her flesh white and began
  to ream out her asshole.  
Her arms flailed about, gripping
  the edge of the bench in pain as she was painfully ass fucked. She cried, her
  mouth open in pain, screams torn from her lips as her body was wracked with
  pain. She grabbed the legs of the bench, her knuckles white as she endured
  the ass fucking, her sphincter having given up the fight, her anus stretched
  around the big cock. "You bastard," her hands trying to slap the leader as
  she endured.  
They grabbed her arms, pinning
  them behind her, her head up high, screaming in pain, begging, pleading, anything
  to stop the painful ass fucking she was enduring. All the things they had done
  to her, this was the worst.  
Faster and faster her captor went,
  his cock tearing in and out, expanding as he was getting ready to cum. Her
  cries of pain and pleading made his cock harder, punishing her with his big
  cock. He plunged his cock inside her, feeling her jerk in pain, his cock tearing
  something deep inside of her as he buried it deep, his cock spewing forth his
  hot cum.  
It hurt, hurt more then anything.
  She could feel his cum filling her, the salty cum burning her anal tract, rubbed
  raw by his big cock fucking her. She cried and sobbed, as he held her tightly
  against her stomach, his cock jerking about inside her, emptying his load of
  cum, a cum enema filling her. He pulled out and pumped back in again, new screams
  wrenched from her lips, another load of cum filling her colon.  
He finally pulled his cock out
  of her, her asshole gripping it tightly as he pulled it free with a pop. She
  slumped to the floor, curling up into a fetal ball, sobbing, cum dripping from
  her asshole  
The leader stroked his cock, already
  hard again from watching her ass fucking. "Let's double fuck her. I want to
  hear her scream again."  
THE END  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Powerone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





