BDSM Library - Side Bar to The Friend




Side Bar to The Friend
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: What happed to the rapist? Did he get off? Of course he did many many times but the real question is did he get away with his crime unpunished? hmmmm You will have to read to find out.(Side Bar to)   
The Friend   
The Plea   
This story begins in front of
    the judge. The perp a sleazy dark male that is totally full of himself.   
Judge Carol addressed the accused
    Mr. Jones are you ready to plead to the charges of Rape and Sodomy that you
    have been charged with?   
Mr. Jones, "yes, your Honor." I
    am I plead guilty as charged.   
Mr. Jones are you making this
    plea under duress?   
"No, your Honor " I am pleading
    guilty of my own free will.   
Mr. Jones "The court finds you
    guilty as charged." Sentencing will be held 1 week from today.   
The gavel falls and court is
    adjourned.   
Monday arrives and we find Jones
    sitting on the hard wooden bench outside the courtroom. His ankles and wrist
    are cuffed there is a police officer standing beside him.   
The door opens and Mr. Jones
    is asked inside. The Judge enters the courtroom and all are required to stand.
    The bailiff tells all to be seated.   
Mr. Jones sits behind a flat
    desk. He is looking a little uneasy today than he was last Monday.   
"Mr. Jones, Please rise. "Mr.
    Jones the court has found you guilty of rape and sodomy and sentences you
    to serve 20 yrs."   
Do you have anything to say?   
I have nothing to say your Honor.   
"Very well case closed ." The
    gavel falls and the courtroom empties quickly.   
Jones is taken by squad car to
    Jefferson City penitentiary.   
The arrival is quiet and he is
    lead into a small room where he is told to strip.   
Jones does as he is told.   
He is then given a t-shirt with
    a number, a small mesh bag that contains a bar of soap, shampoo, a small
    writing tablet one pencil a small book of stamps, five envelopes and a pair
    of shower shoes.   
Jones is taken to a small room
    where he is instructed to sit down and wait. There is nothing but a small
    bench in the room and Jones sits and waits.   
He doesn't have long to wait.
    The door opens and Jones is lead out of the room and down a long corridor,
    at the end of the corridor there is a steel door.   
The steel door opens and Jones
    is lead down a hall with cells lining the walls he is told to stop.   
This will be your home for the
    next 20 yrs. Buddies get used to it.   
The door is closed and Jones
    is left alone.   
The bed if one can call it a
    bed is a metal shelf with a plastic mattress on it there is a set of sheets
    and one blanket. There is also a very thin pillow. Jones begins making the
    bed.   
He shakes his head, He can't
    believe he actually confessed to raping that cunt! He begins talking to himself
    quietly.   
Well here I sit because of a
    stupid cunt! He begins going over what happened that brought him to this
    place.   
It was a Friday night I had been
    drinking. It was early yet so I walked down to the red light district. The
    streets were full of people. There was a carnival in town and many people
    were out.   
I saw her across the street she
    looked like an Angel. I just wanted to be with her. I walked across the street
    and reached out to touch her on the shoulder. I don't know what came over
    me. I grabbed her by the elbow and shoved her ahead of me down the street
    to a dark alley.   
It was so easy; she didn't even
    resist really. I found an open door in one of the condemned buildings. I
    shoved her through the door and followed quickly. It was dark but with the
    carnival lights shining through the windows I could see enough.   
In the middle of the floor there
    was some kind of conveyor belt.   
I shoved her over to it, and
    pulled my belt off tied her wrist across the conveyor. With a couple of pieces
    of rope I found on the floor I tied her legs to the post that held the conveyor
    up.   
Lifting her skirts I found she
    wore no panties. I could feel my cock swell. I dropped my pants and came
    up behind her; I rubbed my hands over the roundness of her ass.   
Sliding my fingers into her cunt
    I found that she was wet! I smiled to myself. This was my lucky day! Sliding
    my fingers into her wet cunt I fucked her hard with my fingers.   
I could not help but laugh, as
    I stroked my hard cock against her wetness. I had to have her! Dipping my
    cock into her wet cunt I slid it up to her dark hole. The hole was tight
    and I wanted to be inside of it! I had to be! I shoved the head of my cock
    into the tight hole she screamed! Oh! I wanted more! I shoved my hard cock
    deeper into her darkness and she screamed again.   
The more she screamed, the more
    I wanted her! I pumped her tight asshole harder and deeper and with each
    stroke she screamed again! My cock grew it was full size now a full 9 inches,
    3 1/2 inches round. It was throbbing I was about to cum.   
I grabbed her long black hair
    and shoved to the base of the shaft her rectum contracted on my cock! I pumped
    again and an again as I emptied my balls of cum.   
I left her there after pulling
    my cock from her ass. I had to leave for a bit. I knew she could not get
    away so I left.   
When I returned I found her crying
    softly, I untied her and placed her onto the conveyor. I tied her once again
    this time she was on her back.   
I shoved her skirts up around
    her waist and pulled her top off her shoulders, exposing her breast. I stripped
    and climbed onto top of her I began to suckle her breast. Nibbling them each
    in turn, her nipples were getting so hard! I knew she wanted more!   
I rubbed my cock over her cunt
    it was still wet. I shoved my hard cock into her wet cunt as I continued
    to suck her nipples.   
Reaching between us I rubbed
    her clit, with my thumb. I began slowly to rub her clit then harder round
    and round as I nipped at her breast. I kept pumping her cunt full of my hard
    cock.   
She was crying harder now as
    I slammed my huge cock deep into her cunt I slid my fingers into her cunt
    next to my cock getting them wet, I then brought them up to her nipples and
    rubbed her bodily juices across her nipples. The lights outside were dimmed
    by the evening the music was loud.   
Pulling out of her wet cunt I
    once again assaulted her tight asshole. I shoved my cock deep inside of her,
    my sac smashed against her, as I pumped deeper and deeper.   
She screamed as I tore the already
    tender lining of the inside of her anus. I began shoving my fingers into
    her wet cunt. First I shoved two into her wet cunt then three, then forming
    a funnel shape I shoved my fingers deep inside her wet cunt!   
I continued to shove until the
    largest part of my hand passed through into her wet cunt. It was wonderful!
    I fisted her wet cunt as I slammed her tender asshole with my cock.   
I was rubbing my fingers over
    her nipples and pinching them, cum already there made my fingers slippery
    I placed one finger into her mouth.   
I wanted her to suck it, I told
    her so then the stupid cunt bit the tip of my finger right off!   
I didn't stop to think I just
    pulled my other hand out of the cunt and removed my cock. I grabbed my clothes
    and left the cunt there!   
I went to a friend of mine he
    is a vet he stitched it up and told me it would be fine soon I didn't really
    need that digit anyway.   
We laughed.   
I went back late that night and
    she was gone. I shrugged my shoulders and left, oh well.   
Jones came out of his reverie
    when there was a loud clang on the bars.   
Let's go Jones dinner. Even pigs
    like you have to eat. Get out here.   
Jones left the cell and followed
    the other prisoners already in line. The cafeteria was down one level.   
Jones saw that he was going under
    ground. The Cafeteria was one level below ground. The line was slow and by
    time Jones was ready to sit down there was not many places to sit left.   
A big guy across the room motioned
    for him to come over and sit down. Jones looked at the guy. He looked like
    a big teddy bear. Jones went across the room and sat down.   
Jones was then told that for
    payment of sitting at the table he had to give up his dessert. Jones laughed.
    Yes, sure here you go have it. Jones just shook his head and ate the rest
    of his meager dinner.   
Upon returning to his cell Jones
    found that the cell doors were left open it was community time. Most Prisoners
    went to the common room some went to the showers some sat on their bunks
    and read.   
Jones lay back on his bed and
    remembered the dark hair of the cunt that got him here.   
Jones was startled awake when
    the guard told him he was up for the shower.   
Jones grabbed his shower kit
    and went to the showers. He walked into the open shower and stripped down.   
This is not any worse than the
    gym he laughed to himself. Jones soaped up and was washing his hair when
    he was shoved against the wall.   
There were several men in the
    room with him. His arms were being held out to the side. His legs were spread
    wide. Jones felt scared.   
Well buddy you thought there
    was something to laugh about earlier! The voice was gruff and harsh.   
Jones could feel his cheeks being
    spread, he tried to say something but his underwear was shoved into his mouth.   
Jones cried out against the material
    of his underwear as he felt something shoot into his virgin asshole. I was
    cool and liquid.   
Jones was trembling as he felt
    what he thought was fingers enter his tight virgin hole.   
Then there was more liquid! He
    was being given an enema! The liquid was warmer this time and it filled his
    colon as it was forced into his anus. The liquid stopped being pumped into
    his anus. Jones felt something hard being shoved into his tight hole. He
    was not sure but he thought he knew what it was.   
The man behind him shoved the
    butt plug that was made from soap into Jones asshole. Jones screamed again
    when the largest part pasted the tight ring of his anus.   
The gruff voice was back! I don't
    want it removed, hear me?   
Jones nodded his head as tears
    ran down his cheeks. Jones was told to stay were he was for a fifty count
    and then he was to rinse the soap off himself and dress go back to his cell
    and sit on his bunk.   
Jones had no other instructions
    and because he was terrified he did as he was told. Jones sat on his bunk,
    the feeling of his full bowel causing his stomach to cramp. The butt plug
    caused him a lot of pain as well. Jones was finding it hard to stay seated.   
Jones heard a voice high pitched
    and squeaky, Hey there cutie. You must be new here.   
Yes, how could you tell?   
Oh, It's just that the TV room
    is open and most everyone is in there by now. Well that is except you and
    me. Laughed the squeaky voiced young man standing at the door.   
Have you met the Bear yet?   
Not sure.   
Well do you have a bar of soap
    up your ass?   
Jones turned his head from the
    young man.   
Yes, you've met him! I can tell
    you can't look at me now. Hey don't worry he'll take it out tomorrow unless
    you pissed him off.   
You didn't piss him off did you?   
I don't know if I pissed him
    off or not. The guy in the shower said I shouldn't feel so free to laugh.   
Yes, you pissed him off all right!
    Sorry man you will be sitting there until supper then you will have to sit
    with him. He will make you leave it in for a couple of days surely.   
Jones just hung his head.   
The squeaky voice said see you
    round and left.   
Jones sat on his bunk until supper
    the guard came by and told him to move it!   
Jones didn't want to move at
    all!   
Come on buddy get your ass off
    that bunk and down the hall!   
Jones gingerly got down off the
    bunk. He walked slowly down the hall. His stomach was cramped his ass was
    sore and felt stuffed. Jones got his tray and looked around. Jones saw the
    big guy wave him over; he must be the Bear thought Jones.   
Jones walked slowly to the table
    and sat slowly. The Bear just laughed.   
Hungry boy?   
Jones shook his head.   
The Bear took his tray and dumped
    it onto his, and began eating.   
Jones felt like supper lasted
    the longest time. He was instructed to go back to his cell and go to bed.
    Jones did as he was told, and walked oh so slowly to his room the stairs
    were the worst!   
Once there he climbed into his
    bunk and cried himself to sleep.   
Jones tossed and turned all night.
    When the guard came by for breakfast Jones just told him he wasn't hungry
    and stayed in bed.   
The guard laughed as he walked
    away.   
Jones was till curled into a
    fetal position when dinner was served. The guard came back and told Jones
    he had to go down for dinner and helped him out of the bunk.   
Jones walked through the line
    and saw Bear motion for him to come over. Jones walked over and sat down
    as softly as he could.   
The Bear slapped him on the back
    and laughed hey kiddo don't worry this too shall pass.   
Dinner didn't last long, as Jones
    couldn't eat. He went back to his room and was once again called out to shower.
    Taking his shower kit Jones went to the showers. He undressed and turned
    on the water. Jones stood under the water and let it wash over his body.   
He didn't see anyone around so
    he began to wash up; he had gotten done washing his body as best he could.
    Then began to wash his hair, the soap was running down his back, as he rinsed
    it out his eyes was closed.   
Jones felt like he had made it
    no one had come in and just as he was about to turn off the water once again
    he was shoved against the wall.   
Jones almost screamed his arms
    were again being held out and his legs once again spread wide and held there.
    Jones was panicking! He was trying to get away. His head was smacked against
    the wall and he quit resisting.   
The Bear was once again behind
    him!   
Jones could feel his cheeks being
    spread; he felt as the plug was being twisted and turned inside his sore
    ass. Jones felt the plug being removed, and as it came out Jones cried out
    like a baby. Again his underwear was shoved into his mouth.   
Jones was told not to release
    his bowels yet.   
Jones felt a warm creamy substance
    poured over his asshole, he was terrified. Jones could not move as his cheeks
    were spread once again and he felt what he could only guess what Bears cock
    shoved into his full ass. He screamed against the material of his underwear.   
Bear pumped his cock into Jones
    asshole deeper and deeper cramming his cock to the hilt Bear slammed Jones
    dark hole. Bear was getting bigger he was about to release his wad.   
Bear grabbed Jones hips and pulled
    him against himself as he released his wad inside of Jones colon. Bear then
    pulled out of Jones asshole and again shoved the plug into Jones full ass.   
Bear turned Jones around and
    shoved him down on his knees, Jones was on his knees in front of Bear his
    face at eye level with bears cock. Jones saw how big Bears cock was and felt
    like he was going to puke.   
Bear grabbed Jones head and shoved
    his cock into Jones mouth. Bear told Jones to clean it off. Jones was so
    terrified that he did it right away!   
Jones took Bears huge cock and
    began licking it down the shaft around the shaft and all the way to the tip.
    Jones pulled back the foreskin on Bears huge cock and cleaned around the
    tip of his cock.   
Bear patted Jones on the head,
    Good-Boy.   
Bear stood Jones up and moved
    his face close to Jones ear, since you did such a good job of cleaning my
    cock I think I will forgive you. Tomorrow you may come to me at Dinnertime
    and I will remove the plug. Now go to your cell and go to bed.   
Jones went to his cell, his head
    hurt from being smacked against the wall. His ass hurt from being corn holed,
    his bowels felt like they were going to explode soon. Jones climbed into
    his bunk and fell into a fitful sleep he woke late in the night.   
Having missed supper, Jones felt
    as if he would die from the aches and pains his body had. Jones went to the
    lavatory and sat down thinking he was going to relieve himself. As Jones
    sat there on the steel stool he realized he couldn't go. He sat there for
    the longest time crying into his hands.   
Breakfast came finally and Jones
    walked to the cafeteria, every step terribly painful. Bear was not there.
    Jones felt scared, what if something has happened to him. Jones could not
    think clearly. He had to find out where Bear was.   
Jones asked around and no one
    seemed to know anything. Jones was getting more and more worried. After walking
    around for more than an hour Jones was feeling rotten and went back to his
    cell. He tried to sleep but it was hard. Jones finally fell to sleep just
    ad dinner was to be served.   
Jones woke to the squeaky voice
    again.   
Dinner man, you had better get
    down there if you want to eat. And he laughed out loud. Jones just moaned
    and climbed out of his bunk. Jones made it to dinner before they had stopped
    serving and went to sit down he looked around and saw Bear! Jones walked
    as fast as he could and asked if he could sit down, Bear smiled and told
    him to sit. Dinner went buy quickly, and Jones headed back to his cell.   
Bear grabbed him by the arm and
    pulled him into the shower. Bear told Jones to undress. Jones complied and
    was standing naked in front of Bear. Bear Pointed to the floor and Jones
    got down on his knees. Bear shoved Jones down on all fours.   
Jones then was given his underwear;
    he knew what to do with them and shoved then into his own mouth.   
Bear came behind Jones and removed
    the plug from Jones ass. Jones screamed into the material of his underwear.
    Bear told Jones not to release his bowels yet. Jones shook his head. Bear
    spread Jones cheeks and pour some warm liquid over Jones asshole and Jones
    bit down on his underwear.   
Bear shoved his fully erect cock
    into Jones asshole. Bear pumped Jones asshole for what seemed like forever
    to Jones. Bear released his wad and shot it deep into Jones full colon. Bear
    pulled out of Jones and told his to get dressed and return to his cell once
    there he may relieve himself.   
Jones walked quickly to his cell
    and pulled his pants down and sat on the steel stool and as he sat there
    his bowels were finally released, Jones felt like he would shit forever.   
Surprisingly to Jones once he
    had emptied his bowels he felt empty, like he had never felt before. Jones
    sat there wondering why did he feel like he should be full. Jones finished
    up and left his cell.   
Jones looked for Bear and found
    him in the shower. Bear had not left the shower.   
Bear looked at Jones, he asked
    Jones what was up.   
Jones didn't know how to answer.   
Bear just smiled and told Jones
    to strip and Jones did. Jones was told to get on his hands and knees, Bear
    then came behind Jones and inserted a small tube into his ass. Jones felt
    the warm liquid as it filled his colon. Jones smiled as the fullness returned.   
Bear removed the tube and inserted
    the plug once again. Bear came in front of Jones and gave him his cock. Jones
    took the huge cock and began sucking on it. Jones sucked Bear off.   
This relationship continued for
    many years Jones had fallen in love with the feeling of being full. The feeling
    of having a hard cock in his ass. Jones found Bear to be very protective
    as well as jealous. Jones was scheduled to go before the parole board in
    one week. Jones told Bear and Bear wanted to help Jones celebrate. Bear told
    Jones to meet him in the shower.   
Jones went to the shower with
    his shower kit and had washed up. He was waiting for Bear.   
Bear came in and told Jones to
    assume the position, Jones got down on all fours.   
Bear came behind Jones and inserted
    the enema tube into Jones asshole; Bear then filled Jones ass up with a warm
    liquid.   
Bear removed the tube and inserted
    the plug once again. Bear came in front of Jones and gave him his cock. Jones
    took the huge cock and began sucking on it. Jones gave Bear a wonderful blowjob.
    Jones was then told he would be rewarded for the wonderful BJ . Bear told
    Jones to return to his cell and come back tonight after supper.   
Jones went back to the showers
    after supper and stripped down he was standing under the water when he was
    once again shoved against the wall. Jones was sure this was Bears doing and
    so he didn't fight back. Jones was being held in position and he felt his
    cheeks being spread.   
Jones smiled to himself, and
    then he felt the plug being removed.   
Jones was then taken away from
    the wall and his eyes were covered. Jones was laid on the floor and his arms
    were held down. His legs were being held up in the air. This was new Jones
    was getting excited! His penis was swelling.   
Jones was raised into the air
    and his full asshole was being stuffed with a huge cock. Jones was sure this
    was Bear, He had promised him a surprise! Jones was being fucked hard and
    his body was getting more and more excited. His cock was fully erect. Jones
    could feel it when the man shot his wad deep into Jones ass.   
Jones wanted to jack off so bad.
    Jones was lowered to the floor and was instructed to stay were he was for
    a fifty count and as Jones was coming to fifty he heard Bears voice.   
What the hell! What have you
    done! Jones was scared again.   
Jones tried to explain that he
    was blindfolded and he thought it was Bears surprise.   
Bear was steaming!   
Bear told Jones to stay were
    he was.   
Jones lay there afraid to move.   
Bear returned and he had several
    men with him. Bear told Jones to get on his hands and knees. Jones did as
    he was told.   
Jones underwear was shoved into
    his mouth and someone was holding each of his arms and legs.   
Bear told Jones, I have made
    up my mind boy. If you want to be a whore then you shall be a whore! Jones
    was terrified.   
Bear shoved his hard cock into
    Jones ass and pumped him until he came. Bear then motioned for another man
    to do the same.   
Jones was awestruck, as time
    and time again he was corn holed by different men. Jones was not sure what
    was happening but he was sure that there was something wrong with him.   
Jones was feeling weak and he
    also felt as if his bowel had burst, warm cum was leaking from his asshole.   
Bear was not done with Jones.
    He came behind Jones and shoved a handle from a cut off mop deep into Jones
    bowels Bear could feel the tear, he could feel Jones bowel give way as it
    was torn. Bear continued to ram the wooden mop handle deep into Jones asshole.   
Blood, cum, and what looked to
    be feces pour out of Jones gaped asshole. Bear shovel once more and left
    the mop handle stuffed deep into Jones ass.   
Bear walked away and didn't look
    back.   
Jones was not sure what he had
    done to deserve this, he didn't know his life was leaking out of his torn
    asshole. He did however; know something was wrong terribly wrong.   
Jones lay there in the foul mess
    as his life slipped away, and if there ever was anyone that had cared about
    him or for him, he was sure they didn't or wouldn't know what had happened
    here tonight.   
Jones was found 15 minutes later
    and rushed to the infirmary, but it was already too late he died within the
    hour.   
 Alone and forgotten.   
(Except by the one person that
    he treated like a piece of trash)   
Miss Angel would never forget
    him. Her nightmares would go on forever or would they?   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Angel Dawn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





