BDSM Library - Tami's Secret Life




Tami's Secret Life
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Tami Secretly live a life of Incest and pleasure a group called the Cell is in control of what Tami conciders her life...Tami's Secret Life  
The day began in the usual manner. Everyone was rushing around trying to
  get out of the dorm. There was one exception and her name was Tami.  
Tami was just another ordinary girl, like all the others, she was full of
  life, energy and spunk. Except today however; Tami was not so energetic or
  full of life. Tami was dreading today, actually it was not today that Tami
  was dreading it was the break that was coming after today.  
Tami was a 17 yr old Senior at the rustic Mayville Boarding School. She was
  an excellent student. Her grades were good she was well liked by student and
  teacher alike... She was not the most popular student that Mayville had but
  she was well liked and had more than just a few friends were. Tami was not
  looking forward to classes beginning today, not because it was her last day
  of finals, but because she only had three classes today and then she would
  be expected to get on a plane and go home for two weeks.  
Every time Tami thought about the break she got a sick feeling in her stomach...
  and a feeling of dread would wash over her.  
You see Tami was an only child and she lived on an estate in Northern Main
  with her mom, dad and several servants. Most of her friends said she was the
  luckiest girl they knew. *But Tami had a secret, a dark awful lonely secret
  and in just a few hours she would be on her way home to her worst nightmares
  that would be a reality for two weeks*  
Tami dressed reluctantly and went down the stairs and headed for the cafeteria
  to have her meager breakfast of a coffee and a muffin... *Tami knew she would
  not be able to keep much more than that down.  
Sitting alone at the table she noticed the place was nearly empty... she
  had opted for a second hour exam today so she had a little while before having
  to show up for class... Tami's thoughts wondered and she found she couldn't
  eat at all, so she drank her coffee and headed out to the snow cover lawn to
  make her way to the Mathematics building.  
The large red building stood on the north corner of the property it had once
  been a gymnasium. That is before the faculty and alumni agree academics were
  more important to young women today. That is to say the gymnasium was converted
  into the mathematics building that also held the drama and art studios.  
Tami walked into class just as the instructor was passing out the exams...  
"Welcome to class Miss Smythe so happy you could join us today." Tami chuckled
  she knew that Professor Davis was joking.... She took her seat.  
The exam was over way too soon...and Tami sat there lost in thought...  
*Tami was so glad when her grandmother had insisted she attend Mayville Boarding
  School. It was a prestigious school and every female in Tami's family for as
  long as the school had been open had attended school there, even when it was
  a young lady Prep school back in the early 1700's.  
The School was 200 miles from home and less vacation breaks than public schools
  did and that to Tami was the selling point, even if she had not said so when
  here grandmother had been alive, 4 years ago when Tami entered as a freshman.  
The rest of the day went by in a blur it was over way too fast and Tami found
  herself in her room packing her luggage. She wouldn't take much home there
  was no need too all that she would be required to have there would be furnished
  for her as always.  
Tami felt her almost empty stomach turn, thinking to herself *too bad I can't
  be too sick to travel...If only she were, she could stay in the infirmary for
  the two week break... But no that was out of the question...  
Trying hard to think up a plan, she thought I could miss my plane, no that
  would only put me behind schedule not keep me from going home altogether. If
  only one of her friends had insisted she come home with them for the break.  
Sarah and Becky both had offered to have her come home with them, but no
  sooner had the offer been made it had been refused. Tami knew she had no choice
  she had to go home.  
Placing the gifts for her mom and dad into her luggage she was just about
  ready to go home and face the nightmare that was her life there. Wrapping the
  pipe she had bought for her dad Tami laid it into the small carry on. The Pipe
  was not really the gift; it was more like a ritual. Tami had been giving her
  father a new pipe every year since she was 9. He never used them. He always
  used his old one. The new ones were placed in a shadow box that was used to
  show off his collection. He was very proud of it; he had pipes of every shape
  and every color as well as from every country he had ever visited.  
 The Car had arrived from the Airport. Tami's shoulders drooped as she picked
  up her luggage and made her way down the stairs and out the door.  
Turning to look back *something Tami always did* Tami imagined she saw herself
  waving good-bye from her dorm window. Every break it was the same thing She
  imagined leaving herself there at school and sending the shell home to her
  father.  
The drive to the airport was over quickly, and as Tami boarded the plane
  she was numb... The plane was on time of course.  
The plane landed 1 hour later and she departed the plane and got into the
  car that had been sent for her. She saw Brad the Smythe's driver as soon as
  she had picked up her bags from baggage claim.  
Welcome home Miss Tami ... it was the usual greeting as was the good-bye
  always the same...Good-bye Miss Tami have a nice time...  
Gees Tami thought to herself lets just get going... With a silent sigh Tami
  walked to the car and was helped in the door shut and she was off on her way
  home.  
The trip from the Airport was 45 minutes long. But to Tami it seemed like
  she had just gotten into the car when they pulled into the driveway and the
  door opened, and she was being helped out...  
Home  
The house was the same nothing ever changed, as she was walking up the sidewalk
  the front door opened. "Welcome home Tami" her mother said with a smile on
  her face. She hugged her mother, and said "hello momma; you look lovely." Tami's
  Mother smiled and said "oh do you really think that so?"  
Tami hugged her mother again and said "yes momma; you are the most beautiful
  woman I know." Tami's Mother Jane blushed and let her daughter go... She turned
  as Tami passed and told her, please go up and get ready; your father's guests
  will be arriving soon. "Yes momma", Tami said as she hurried up the Grand Staircase
  to the second floor.  
Tami's room was furnished in 17th century English dark oak and nothing was
  out of place, there was not a speck of dust, the heavy curtains were drawn
  back to let in the late afternoon sun. A roaring fire was ablaze in the fireplace.
  The room smelled of Lavender, it was and always had been her scent, everything
  that was about her would smell of it. Her hair her clothes her body.  
 The scent was ascribed to her when she had become a woman at the age of
  9 yrs old. Her father had insisted that as soon as she had started her monthly
  flow she was no longer a child and he would not have her smelling like the
  garden dirt or of fish from the pond. He had, had armfuls of Lavender brought
  into her room; she had been given bottles of it. For her hair her body her
  linen. Nothing was left out.  
The Dress  
Tami showered and quickly combed out her hair, she was sitting at her dressing
  table in her bathrobe when Maria came into her room a shy quiet girl Maria
  had come to help her with her hair. Tami nodded and sat there as Maria worked
  with her long black tresses... When she had finished Tami's hair had been braided
  and combed just so... Maria left as soon as she fished; as she was leaving
  Jane walked in. "just stopping by to say good-bye my dear.... I will see you
  before you leave." Please hurry your father's guests are beginning to arrive."  
Tami sat for a few more minutes looking at herself in the mirror...What she
  saw looking back was not what she felt, the woman in the mirror was exquisite,
  refined, and very seductive, even sitting there in her robe. But Tami felt
  like she was 9 yrs old, a single tear slowly rolled down her cheek.  
Tami quickly wiped away the tear and swallowed hard went to her bed and dropped
  the robe onto the floor. Slipping into the dress that had been left out for
  her she adjusted herself so that it fit just right.  
It was probably a beautiful gown by someone's standards, but to Tami it was
  vulgar it had small straps that went over the shoulder, a very low bodice the
  cupped her breast so that once they were adjusted the nipples fell just above
  the cup that held her breast. The waist was close fitting and the skirt of
  the gown fell like a bell just between Tami's knees and her behind. It was
  made of lovely Lavender colored satin. No panties were to be worn at these
  parties. Tami pulled on her garter and the sheer stockings and high heel shoes
  that matched the dress in color perfectly. Tami walked out of her room and
  with a shy demure smile on her face, Tami stood at the top of the Grand Staircase
  waiting for her father to escort her down.  
The Guest  
While Tami had been dressing several guest had arrived...  
Tami's Mother and the entire female servants had been sent to the summerhouse
  where they would remain until summoned to return. The male servants were there
  standing in a straight line against the wall all were wearing white tuxedos.  
The guests that had arrived had of course brought their "Girls". The men
  were all in black tuxedos and the "girls" were all in various shades of dress,
  the same dress! All the women were wearing the party gown that was always provided
  for the parties.  
The guest so far numbered 25 "Males" the women were not counted the men were
  the guest the women were there to serve or be of service.  
Her father saw her and came up the stairs to lead her down. Placing her hand
  over his they descended the stairs together in a royal manner... All eyes were
  on Tami.  
The girls were lead into the drawing room and told to be seated and talk
  quietly among themselves. Tami noticed there were 5 girls in white gowns and
  one in red. Tami knew exactly what the white dresses meant these girls where
  here for the first time they must had started their monthly flow with in the
  last six months. The red dress signified that that girl was there to be broken...Tami
  sighed and sat down.  
All of the girls would range in age from 10-19 yrs old; so far it looked
  as if there were only the five new girls and the one to be broken.  
Of the all the girls there were two that looked as though they would cry.  
Tami walked over and lifting her dress so that her bare bottom was against
  the leather sofa, they both watched her as she smoothed out her gown. One of
  the girls looked at her and asked "why did you do that?" Tami replied "It is
  the way we are taught to sit, our bare bottoms touching the leather of the
  sofa, or the lap of a guest if we are asked to sit on one."  
The second girl said " my name is Jenny and this is Tasha, we've never been
  to one of these parties before." "Our fathers said that we were to a special
  party for young women. When a girl becomes a woman, it should be celebrated."  
Tami just sat and looked at the two of them. "Hey can you tell us why we
  have to wear these gowns, with our breast showing and why cant we wear any
  panties?" Tami just sighed, "it will be explained to you very soon."  
Tami sat there with her eyes closed, waiting for the other guests to arrive.
  Tami guessed it would be less than an hour before the other 24 guests were
  to arrive. The young girls were escorted into the study.  
There was a peel of a small bell and all of the girls stood and turned to
  face the door. Six men lead their daughters out of the room.  
As Tami watched the door her stomach tightened. She knew that because her
  father was host of this Party that she would be required to be hostess, which
  meant she had to assist with the young virgins as well as the breaking of the
  young girl in red. Before she could get lost in thought he was there, waiting
  for her in the doorway.  
Another bell rang and the guest entered the room and they were presented
  with a young woman, as the introductions began Mr. Smythe lead Tami out of
  the room to another.  
Instructions  
The six guest and their daughters were waiting in the instruction room, so
  called because it was never used for anything else, and it was one of two rooms
  in the Manor that had a lock on the door...  
The girls had been told to stand until directed to do otherwise. Closing
  the door Mr. Smythe locked the door. Crossing the room to the small group of
  guests. He introduced himself. "Hello I'm Mr. Smythe, "from this moment on
  the six of you will be treated with respect and be treated with kindness and
  gentleness, and be spoken to as young women should be spoken to, as the beautiful
  young women your are."  
"I want each of you to walk over here and introduce yourselves to me, Tami
  will show you how it is to be done." "Tami you may begin." "Yes Sir"... "Watch
  and do as she does and when it is your turn you will do so as well."  
Tami walked over to Mr. Smythe "How do you do Mr. Smythe; my name is Tami
  how may I be of service to you today?" Tami picked up her fathers' hand and
  placed it on her breast. And as she introduced herself he slid his hand under
  her gown and squeezed her ass softly....  
The introductions went on thru all six girls  
Tasha  
Jenny  
Teri  
Lynn  
Kim  
Rachael  
With eyes on the floor each girl in turn returned to their fathers side.  
Mr. Smythe lead Tami thru various other instructions and the girls followed
  and repeated each in turn. There was sitting, standing, walking and talking.  
The next step of Instructions began and Tami explained the reason for the
  gown they wore.  
The open bodice was so that
  the young woman's breast was to be exposed. In order for any guest who chose,
  could have immediate access to her breast.  
Heels because they made the
  leg look longer and sensual.  
No panties, so that if a guest
  wanted to touch her there would not be anything to impede him. A guest was
  to always have access to a young woman's vagina without any fuss.  
Tami told them that because they were now young women they were to act like
  it and would be treated as such.  
The young women were told to be seated, and all sat as they had been instructed.  
The First  
One at a time each guest and his daughter was escorted out of the room. Tami
  went with to be of assistance in giving further instructions. At the back of
  the Grand Staircase there was a small room. It held a bed, two side tables,
  two lamps, a small dressing table with a wash basin on it. There was a small
  cabinet that held clean linens.  
The first young woman to be brought in was Jenny her father followed with
  a very proud look on his face. The door was closed and Jenny was taken to the
  bed and told to lie down. "Jenny you are about to become a woman, please do
  exactly as you are told" Tami said.  
"The best teacher you can have is your father, so he is here to bring you
  into the world of womanhood. It will be your father because he loves you and
  wants you to be treated kindly and not be hurt."  
Jenny had begun had her monthly flow for 4 months ago and had to wait for
  this day all that time. She had been told about the special Party and how there
  would be special gifts. The anticipation had built in her mind to such a degree
  that Jenny had looked forward to this day with great excitement.  
Jenny lay on the bed her eyes closed, her small hands grasping the sheets.  
"Open your eyes Jenny" Tami instructed you are no longer a child."  
Mr. Greene removed his pants his cock was so hard... He got onto the bed. "Open
  your legs Jenny" Tami said Jenny couldn't do it Tami knew what that meant...  
She got onto the bed behind Jenny laid Jenny's head against her breast and
  reached forward and grasped Jenny's legs behind her knees, pulling her legs
  apart Jenny whispered softly into Jenny's ear in a soft calming voice. She
  explained what Mr. Green was doing... " first he will spread your lips and
  place his tongue there, he will wet his finger and slide it into your vagina,
  as Tami talked Mr. Greene did exactly as Tami said he would.  
After working Jenny's vagina for a short time he wet his hard cock with a
  small tube of oil provided... then slowly he slid his hard cock into Jenny's
  virgin vagina. Mr. Greene was extremely gentle; he slid his hard cock inside
  of Jenny for some time before he broke the hymen Jenny gasped.  
Mr. Greene pushed his cock deep into his daughter's vagina, again and again,
  before he ejaculated. He pulled out of Jenny and went to clean himself and
  get dressed. Tami cleaned Jenny and gave her a hug told her go wait outside
  the door. Jenny went out and waited for her father.  
Tami, changed the linen and readied the room, the next girl came in with
  her father it was Kim. Kim was instructed to go lie down on the bed. Mr. Johnson
  watched as Tami prepared Kim, and he got undressed.  
*Tami dreaded this part more than any other the next two weeks were to offer.  
Climbing onto the bed Mr. Johnson was waiting for Tami, Kim looked at Tami
  and Tami realized this was going to be one of those days! Climbing behind Kim
  Tami grasped her legs and spread them raising them to the proper position.
  Mr. Johnson spread Kim's soft virgin lips and slid his finger inside. Tami
  reached to the table and squeezed the small tube of oil over Kim's vagina.  
Mr. Johnson rubbed his hard cock into the oil and then slowly slid his cock
  into Kim's virgin hole. Slowly Mr. Johnson fucked Kim until finally he shoved
  his hard cock deep inside of her breaking her hymen. Kim let out a cry and
  Mr. Johnson kissed his daughter fully on the lips, a few more deep strokes
  and Mr. Johnson removed himself from his daughter's vagina.  
He went to the basin and cleaned himself; taking a warm rag he brought it
  over and cleaned Kim's crotch. He then turned and got dressed. Tami hugged
  Kim and helped her adjust her gown and told her to go wait in the hall.  
Mr. Johnson walked over to Tami and slid his hand under her skirt. His fingers
  slid into her wet cunt, he smiled. Mr. Johnson said "I knew you would be wet,
  he shoved her onto the bed. He slid his still rock hard cock out of his pants.
  Then slammed hard into Tami's wet hole, he was quick but oh so hard...  
Tami gasped, as she was hot with hunger for a hard cock to have as her own
  for the night. Mr. Johnson went out the door and took his daughter back to
  the other room.  
Tami quickly changed the linens and readied the room as she was shoving the
  linens down the laundry shoot the door opened and in walked Rachael and her
  father. Rachael was your typical late bloomer she barely had breast to speak
  of, her father Mr. James was as proud of her as he had been 2 years ago when
  he had brought his older daughter Michelle.  
When instructed to lie down Rachael did so easily and without fear. Tami
  guessed that because she had an older sister, Rachael was pretty well aware
  of what was to happen. It was over quickly and Rachael and  
Mr. James left the room. Tami again prepared the room and waited....  
Tasha was next and her father was kind of shy but they were easy to instruct.
  Tami placed Tasha just so on the bed and climbed behind her, she called Mr.
  Rose over to the bed and instructed him to climb in front of Tasha.  
 Tami leaded forward and took Mr. Rose's hand and placed it on Tasha's vagina.
  Tami pour oil on his fingers and worked them into Tasha vagina. Tasha wiggled
  a little and Tami Instructed Mr. Rose to place his penis against his daughter's
  vagina. As he did so Tami rubbed his penis into the oil.  
Slowly Tami slid his semi hard penis into Tasha's virgin hole. They both
  gasped. Tami Instructed Mr. Rose to work his penis harder into Tasha's vagina.
  Little by little he got more into what he was doing then he was incredibly
  hard.  
He shoved his swollen cock deep into Tasha's tight hole she let out a cry
  as her hymen broke. Mr. Rose pumped his daughter's small tight vagina several
  more times. Then pulled out of her, he got out of bed quickly and dressed.
  Tami hugged Tasha and cleaned her and told her to wait outside the door.  
Tami went to Mr. Rose and placed her hand on the mans shoulder "It is over
  you can take her back now" "Please send in Lynn and her father"  
He nodded and walked out the door.  
Tami readied the room and waited ... Mr. Dean and Lynn walked in. Tami swallowed
  hard she knew what was to come. Mr. Dean wanted Lynn broken for anal sex. Tami
  reached under the bed and placed a large bolster on the bed she told Lynn to
  lay over it.  
Tami removed the straps from the drawer and lashed Lynn's wrists and ankles
  then attached them to the bedpost.  
Tami took the tube of jelly and spreading Lynn's ass cheeks she poured the
  oil over her dark hole. Mr. Dean spread oil onto his hard cock and climbed
  onto the bed behind his daughter. He pressed his hard swollen cock against
  Lynn's virgin asshole. Mr. Dean popped the bulbous tip of his swollen cock
  into Lynn's virgin asshole, she cried out.  
 Tami folded a small towel and placed it between Lyn's teeth and told her
  to bite down on it. Mr. Dean was a hard greedy man, and from what Tami knew
  he was a brute.  
Mr. Dean once Lynn had the towel between her teeth shoved his hard cock deep
  into his daughter's asshole. He savagely pumped his cock into her dark hole
  until finally came. Then he withdrew and waited while Tami helped Lyn get cleaned
  up, Tami rubbed ointment on Lynn's roughly used asshole. And gave her a hug
  before Mr. Dean grabbed her and pulled her out of the room.  
Tami was exhausted. The next guest was quick as well as gentle, he only took
  as long as was needed to break the hymen and bring his daughter into the fold.
  Mr. Davis hugged Teri as he lead her out the door...  
The most arduous time of the evening was over after cleaning up the room
  Tami returned to the instruction room. The young women were all standing around
  a small table drinking punch talking quietly; the guests were on the other
  side of the room arguing.  
Tami was frightened because Mr. Dean was having a hard time getting someone
  to agree with his swap.... Tami knew that as host her father would have to
  agree if no one else did and she would be spending the remainder of the evening
  with Mr. Dean. After 20 minutes of heated discussion  
Mr. Dean with a smile on his face walked to Tami slid his hand under her
  gown and squeezed her ass, leaning close he whispered I will be seeing you
  later.  
He winked as he walked away.  
Her father presented each girl with a small vile. The vile contained her
  scent it would be what she wore until she married or perhaps longer.  
Their fathers took the five young women and handed them off to other guests,
  Each girl made her father proud as she introduced herself properly. The girls
  were lead to the rooms on the third floor, and would be there until the evening
  ended in about 2 hours. Lynn and Mr. Smythe left the room together.  
Tami stood in the room waiting for Mr. Dean to return.  
Mr. Dean returned and took Tami by the shoulders and led her out of the room.
  Reaching the third floor rooms Mr. Dean took Tami into the room that he was
  to occupy for the next two weeks.  
The next morning at breakfast her father came to her and asked to speak to
  her alone... Tami went out to the garden with him....  
Tami got a lecture reminding her who she was and what was happening here
  and why it was important that she be co-operative. She said "Yea Sir" and walked
  back into the table. After a small breakfast Tami went to the instruction room
  to wait for the young women and their fathers.  
"Good Morning" Tami said to the young women, Please sit down I am going to
  talk to you a bit and I will try to answer your questions as best I can. If
  you have questions I want you to ask them don't feel shy or embarrassed after
  all we have been thru something that you will not share again with anyone else.
  Try to think of me as a big sister.  
"Ok I guess you all know why you are here...right?"  
"No I don't know why I'm here!"   Tami turned to the
  girl and spoke to all of them.  
"You are here because; someone loves you very much, and wants to teach you
  how to have a wonderful life full of pleasure, and future of happiness"  
" How does what is happening now have anything to do with our future
      happiness or pleasure?"   
"Well you are young women and one day you will fall in love and get married,
  you will know how to pleasure your husband and that will keep him home and
  out of other women's beds." "You will be able to pleasure him and in turn pleasure
  yourself"  
"Ok I'll go for that for now, but I still have more questions.
      But I will wait until later..."   
"You may be asking yourself will you have sex with your patron who brought
  you here again? The answer to that is... No. The only time your patron will
  come to you is the first time."  
That is because he loves you and respects you and wanted to be the one to
  open you to womanhood. He cherishes you and is honorable and will protect you
  from any future pain. He will always be there for you no matter what.  
"You will from this point on return here one time twice a year for training
  at other times you will visit other places usually 2 weeks out of every 12."  
"The rules for the guest are always the same, and never change no matter
  where you may go for a party." "You have noting to fear you will always be
  treated with love and respect." "You will never be handed over to anyone your
  benefactor does not trust."  
"First and foremost he is your father, your protector, and teacher, and will
  strive to keep you safe always."  
"You will be in training from now until which time your father brings you
  here to offer you the Ring of Service  ."  
The ring of Service is really two rings; one is a golden band and the other
  a diamond ring.  
The Diamond ring tells the world you are spoken for. And you can remove it
  any time you choose to.  
The Golden ring is the ring that shows those who are members of this cell
  that you are in service and available to serve. This ring cannot be removed
  except by your father or your husband on your wedding night.  
Wait right here, I shall return.... Walking from the room Tami goes to the
  clubhouse and asks Shelia to assist her...Shelia returns to the room with Tami.  
Tami enters the room with Shelia... "Ok everyone this is Shelia and she is
  in service and she will show you the Rings of Service...  
Shelia said " Look; this is the diamond ring you receive when you except
  service.... It is always worn on the first finger of you left hand.  
Oooos and ahhhs were heard from the girls... Shelia showed each girl the
  ring on her finger.  
"Now the Golden ring of service is not so much a ring as it is a band, it
  well here I'll just have to show you." Shelia placed her leg on the arm of
  the sofa and raised her skirt and separated her lips see.... This is the golden
  ring it is placed there when you except to serve, it is never forced on you
  and you may refuse it..."  
The girls got extremely quiet and one girl said "does it hurt?" "Yeah
      it looks painful!"   
   
"Well every girl that has ever been ringed has passed out" but when you come
  to there is no pain"  
"Wow!" "I don't know!" "Yeah me either!"   
   
"Girls, Girls, Girls! Please!" Tami says "Hold on!" "Being ringed into Service
  is a privilege and an honor."  
"You just don't wake up one day and say I think I will be ringed today"  
"There are years of training ahead of you and then you must earn the privilege
  even to be offered the chance to go into special training for a year before
  the ring is offered to you."  
"And you can decline the ring before you begin the year of special training,
  during that year, or after that year... You can even decline the ring after
  you have been offered the ring on the day of the Ringing!"  
There is no shame for a woman to decline the ring, however; once declined,
  you are no longer required to attend parties or be involved in any further
  training. You will not be asked back, forced back, or shamed back.  
&gt;&gt;&gt;If at a later time you decide you want to serve you must send
  a letter of petition to the cell requesting a meeting...at which time if you
  are granted a meeting you will be asked to explain why you want to be in service.  
If your petition is granted then you will have to serve two years probation
  before you will be allowed to begin special training. After which you may or
  may not be offered the ring.  
You see it is not your choice alone to serve you must be chosen to serve.
  I you are not chosen, then you will not be offered the ring. You serve another
  year in special training. No offer just means that for different reasons it
  has been decided you are not ready to be ringed.  
This may be for a short time as in 1 year more of special service or indefinitely
  I can't say because I just don't know more it is not my place to know more.  
I will say this in a few days it will be Ring day and I am ready and have
  completed my year of special training... I will talk to you more after until
  then this part of the subject is closed....  
"Thank You" Shelia, you may return to the clubhouse.  
" I have a question".... If a father is a host does that mean he
      has the party at his house?"    
   
" No, many do not have the required space, so they hold parties
      here"   
"Ok, If a father is Host does that mean the daughter is always
      hostess?"   
   
" No, You are not allowed to be hostess until you are in your year of special
  training."  
There is a lot more to being hostess than just being with a girl when she
  losses her virginity. There are these times that we share info, and talk, and
  get to know each other. Then there is also Demonstration days like the one
  that will happen tomorrow.  
Now, Let's get serious about tomorrow...  
Tomorrow begins demonstrations and I will not allow any play, you will demonstrate
  properly or be punished...  
"Punished!" No one said any thing about punishment!"   
   
"I did&quot; just now  
Punishment is left up to the hostess, so it varies from hostess to hostess,  
Some are sweet and some are hard, some are just plain spiteful. So I suggest
  you learn quickly, the hostess you serve. And don't screw up on purpose.  
Personally, I'm a mixture and my punishments can range from...  
No dinner  
Standing during dinner  
Serving dinner  
Serving dinner naked  
Serving dinner in nothing but
  a collar and heels  
Spankings and extra training  
I want you to remember one thing whatever punishment you earn, the Host Visits
  upon the hostess. So what you get I get also, so don't screw up.  
Because if I have to get punished at all, I am really going to get punished!
  Because I don't enjoy standing for dinner or serving naked, nor do I enjoy
  serving wearing nothing but a collar and heels...so I suggest you do your very
  best.  
Well, Young women today is yours spend it how you wish. Enjoy the pool or
  do some reading, for tomorrow the Demonstrations begin...  
The Demonstrations  
The morning went by quickly, and Tami was waiting in the instruction room
  when the guest and the young women entered.  
There were 6 guests... Tami and Mr. Smythe  
Tasha Mr. Rose  
Jenny Mr. Greene  
Teri Mr. Davis  
Lynn Mr. Dean  
Kim Mr. Johnson  
6. Rachael Mr. James  
The girls were instructed to wear the white dresses, and the Fathers were
  to wear the Black silk robe that was provided, for him.  
The coupling was left up to Tami, and she wanted her father to see how much
  she had grown, up during her special year. So she arranged the guest as follows...  
Tasha &amp; Mr. Davis  
Jenny &amp; Mr. Johnson  
Kim &amp; Mr. Greene  
Teri &amp; Mr. James  
Rachael &amp; Mr. Rose  
Lynn &amp; Mr. Smythe  
 And Tami placed Mr. Dean in the center of the room for herself...  
The guests were asked to arrange the low benches into a semi-circle.  
After that was done, Introductions were given. Tami took Mr. Dean and had
  him stand in front of the bench in front of the semi-circle.  
Tami walked up to Mr. Dean and placed his hand on her breast and she offered
  herself in service to his desires.  
Each girl in turn did the same. Mr. Dean placed his other hand under Tami's
  dress and slid his fingers into her soft moist vagina each of the other guest
  followed his movements...  
The girls softly moaned, as they felt fingers gently probe their soft moist
  vaginas...  
Tami smiled, placing her hand over Mr. Deans Tami messaged her cunt with
  his hand and fingers.... Mr. Dean grasped Tami's breast and bit down hard on
  her nipple and suckled it.... The other guest not realizing the harshness of
  Dean did similarly to the young women in their hands.  
Tami stepped away from Mr. Dean and walked around checking each girl, as
  she observed each girl and guest Tami occasionally repositioned a hand or tilted
  a head just so.  
"Very Good" Tami said...returning to Mr. Dean "now I want each of you women
  to straddle your bench, I want you to be close to the edge so that when you
  lay your chest on the bench your bottoms are raised just at the edge like so...  
Tami showed the girls exactly how she wanted them, and walked around making
  sure each was just right. Nodding to the guest each came behind their partners
  and placed their hands on their hips, stroking softly...  
Each guest worked his fingers into his young woman's wet vagina...rotating
  his fingers, causing arousal in both the males and females in the room.  
With the girls watching, Tami went back to Mr. Dean got into position Mr.
  Dean slid his fingers deep into Tami's vagina and worked them hard.... Tami
  moaned as she began rocking back against Mr. Dean's hand...The girls followed
  her and did the same....  
Mr. Dean opened his robe and allowed he swollen cock to be seen by all,  
*Mr. Dean being the brute he is and because from where he was positioned
  no one could see Tami's ass...  
He removed his fingers and positioned his huge cock against Tami's ass,  
The other guest being honorable placed their cocks against the soft vaginas
  of they're young women, each sliding into the wet vaginas and as they did the
  moans around the room began.  
Mr. Dean shoved his huge cock into Tami's tight asshole and slowly dry fucked
  her. Tami not wanting to scare the girls or upset her father moaned loudly
  instead of screaming. Mr.. Dean shoved his fingers into her wet cunt again
  and worked it as he continued to dry fuck Tami's ass.  
The girls were all lost in the felling of the hard cocks inside of them,
  they didn't know anything strange was going on. One of the guests noticed out
  of the corner of his eye that Dean had his hand inside of Tami's vagina.  
Which meant that his cock was inside of her ass...The fucking continued until
  each man got off and pulled out of the young women. Dean saw this and removed
  himself and excused himself for a moment.  
Tami instructed the girls to stand in front of the benches and watch her
  closely. Each Guest sat down on the bench... Tami began from the right side...
  kneeling down Tami took the first cock in her hand and gently stroked it, taking
  it into her mouth Tami worked each cock up until it was hard again and then
  passing each on to the girl that was with the guest.  
Tami came to her father and knelt down, He stroked her head, and she grasped
  his huge cock and worked it up as each girl watched. Tami licked and suckled
  her Fathers huge cock. Bringing him to the verge of exploding.  
 
  Tami pulled the huge cock out of her mouth she began rubbing the tip of his
      cock hard around her hard nipple, sliding her fingers into her cunt she
      got them good and wet,   * Tami knew this was exactly
      what her father wanted needed and expected from her.    
   
Then making sure each girl was watching she slid.... 1, 2, 3 fingers into
  his dark hole working deep into his hole she brushed against his prostate and
  his cock began to explode she rubbed his exploding cock a crossed her breast.  
 Tami took the still exploding cock and placed it in her mouth and began
  to suck it hard as she continued to work his prostate...he released again and
  again.... Tami suckled and licked her Fathers huge cock clean of any cum....  
The girls stood amazed at what they had just seen. Tami slid her fingers
  out of his ass and he gave her a damp towel, she cleaned herself and walked
  to the front of the room...  
"Now I want you young women to realize you are not expected to be proficient
  at giving head, nor are you expected to do as I just did.  
 I know some secrets that come only from special training, and you will not
  have to enter special training until you are a year away from being offered
  the Ring of service. So relax...."  
The girls giggled in unison and everyone laughed... Carry on everyone.  
Lynn was excused, and Mr. Smythe Mr. Dean and Tami excused themselves and
  left the room. Mr. Dean was asked to return to his room for the rest of the
  day. He went with a scowl....  
Mr. Smythe took Tami to the room under the stairs, after entering he turned
  her around and asked her "Tami. Why? Why did you give me this pleasure?" Tammy
  looked at her father and said "Father I'm not finished"  
Tami removed his robe, and then undressed herself. Tami shoved him to the
  bed. Placing him in restraints, with his legs lifted slightly to expose his
  dark hole Tami took out warm jelly and slathered it on a huge butt plug. Then
  opening a small box she removed a set of Golden Ben wan balls, Tami slathered
  them with oil as well.  
Tami spread his cheeks and slid the warm slick balls into his ass hole then
  shoved the huge butt plug into his ass. Lowering his legs she tied them to
  the bedpost. Tami then showed her father a device, it was egg shaped with wires
  than ran out of it, Tami slathered it with oil and showed him her ass as she
  shoved the egg shaped toy into her dark hole.  
Tami then took out a butt plug as big as the one she used on her father Tami
  slid the butt plug into her ass as he watched her.... She then took a device
  and attached it to the base of his cock, turning it on it vibrated... the strength
  varying from gentle to rock your world strong!  
Mr. Smythe lay there moaning in ecstasy, Tami mounted her Father's huge rock
  hard cock, sliding onto it she gasped at its size! With everything in place
  they came quickly, but were so lost in rapturous orgasmic floods Tami rode
  his cock like there was no other!  
Mr. Smythe thrust his cock deep into her with each stroke, together they
  came...over and over again, Tami finally collapsed onto him with his throbbing
  cock still emptying into her vagina. They lay there shaking in orgasmic spasms.
  Each moaning softly...The pure erotic wave that flowed over them gave way to
  several more minutes of a lustful tirade...  
Tami took his face between her hands and pulled it to hers and she kissed
  him deeply fully, openly passionately on the mouth, taking in his breath with
  the prolonged kiss...  
The next few minutes passed in silence neither one spoke neither wanted to
  break the fragile spell that had them entwined.... After cleaning the room.  
Tami returned to the Instruction room. Entering the room they find the girls
  are being schooled in many different modes of sensual pleasure both of the
  body as well as the mind.  
Tami Thanked everyone and told them they were free to carry on in private
  or have the rest of the day to themselves ...Today's lessons are over...  
Thank You and saying that Tami went to her room...  
Before reaching her room Tami came face to face with Mr. Dean, He shoved
  her against the banister, and lifted her skirt he shoved his hard cock between
  Tami's cheeks and into her dark hole! He was still fucking her when the others
  began making their way up the stairs...  
He turned to look at the young women and leered.... Mr. Smythe Rushed up
  the stairs and coming to Dean he shoved him back away from his daughter. Picking
  his daughter up he carried her to her room. The other men took Dean to his
  room and told him not to come out again tonight.  
Mr. Smythe lay with Tami for a while and held her, he told her rest tomorrow...Tami
  smiled and closed her eyes and fell asleep.  
For some reason the time flew by over the next few days Tami had been released
  from hostess duty and she spent a lot of time with single guests and relaxing
  by the pool.  
The Brute  
Tami woke stiff and still a little sore over the last 12 days, she had ended
  up with Mr. Dean several times. Not knowing if she would have to face him again,
  Tami told herself there was only 2 days left, Just 2.  
After a small breakfast Tami's Father pulled her aside, "Tami we've spoken
  to him and He has promised to be honorable and has requested your company today
  please go now," Yes Sir Tami said.  
Entering the room Tami saw that he was in a strange mood taking a deep breath
  Tami undressed and went to the bed and sat down.  
"You Know What I Want!" He said. Tami got out the restraints and lay back.
  He worked quickly and had her trusted and tied in no time...  
*The man was not only a brute but also a bore as well, always the
      same thing...   
   
Mr. Dean reached under the bed and pulled out a black leather bag, He took
  off his clothes and climbed onto the bed. He took a large vibrator out of the
  bag turning it on he shoved it into Tami's vagina.  
 Tami knew better than to scream it would just increase his excitement and
  he would be even more brutal. Laying their Tami moaned softly as He fumbled
  over the toys, he came to some clamps.... He smiled and pulled out several
  pieces of a small gold chain.  
He then took Tami's lips and attached three clamps on each one fixing a small
  chain to the three; he then fixed a longer one to each side. Pulling the chain
  around Tami's lovely hips he attached the chains to clips and placed them on
  Tami's nipples.  
He worked the vibrator in and out of Tami's cunt; the vibrator was well greased
  now with Tami's own juices. Tami blushed knowing her body had betrayed her.
  Mr. Dean pulled the vibrator out of her cunt and shoved it deeply into her
  dark hole. He began sucking and licking her cunt as he continued to work the
  vibrator into her dark hole and out again  
Mr. Dean used Tami badly and when the time was up for the evening he laughed
  at her. I've a surprise for you girlie!  
Mr. Dean was straddling Tami now and shoved his cock into her mouth and was
  fucking her throat as he worked the toys in Tami's badly used orifices. Sliding
  a small probe into Tami's vagina Mr. Dean turned it on an electrical shock
  run thru Tami's body.  
 Tami instinctively bit down as he was about to stroke again into her throat.
  Tami's teeth severed the tip of his cock. He screamed and Tami turned her head
  and puked. There was a loud crash as the door flew open.  
 It was all over Tami woke up in bed... her blankets tucked under her chin...  
Her father sat by her and was telling her the Dean had been black balled
  he could never come back.... His two sponsors were on probation for 2 years,
  and could not sponsor anyone for 7.  
The Ring  
The women that were to be offered the Ring of Service were brought into the
  Study, each wore a black gown...Of the 10 women 9 excepted the Ring or Service
  and 1 declined. It had been Tami that declined, she went to her Father and
  sat at his feet and cried. He held her and stroked her hair and said "I understand
  dear one" and Tami was asked to stay as the Ringing was preformed....  
Each girl was made to lay down on the bench and Tami held their heads as
  Two men held their legs the ring was heated and clamped into place. It was
  cooled and an ointment was rubbed on the area. Each girl just as Shelia had
  said had passed out. But when they woke they swore there was no pain!  
Each of the 9 women now wore a diamond ring on their first finger on their
  left hand, and a golden ring thru their clit!  
Tami left the Estate that day and went to the summerhouse to spend 2 days
  with her mother...  
When Tami saw her Mother they hugged when she saw there was no ring on Tami's
  finger. Tami cried and hugged her mom when she noticed for the first time the
  diamond ring on her mothers first finger on her left hand...  
Tami returned to school on time and didn't look back!  
When Graduation time came around, her parents arrived early and gave her
  a present...  
It was a diamond ring just like her mothers; Tami looked at her mother with
  a question in her eye. Jane showed Tami the difference between what she wore
  what Tami was given and the Ring of Service.  
The Diamond the two of them wore had a small sapphire stone on either side
  of the diamond...  
"These are for Mayville graduates Darling; I too am a graduate of Mayville." Tami
  laughed and hugged her mom.  
They walked to the car together Tami, Jane and Mr. Smythe... A new Life lay
  ahead, and for the first time Tami looked forward to returning home...  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Angel Dawn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





