BDSM Library - How to Wash a Girl Guide




How to Wash a Girl Guide
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: It's a Girl-Guide-washing story. A genre which I feel has been neglected for too long.How to Wash a Girl Guide   
Jo comes into the kitchen, her sandals
    undone, and as she walks they slap against the stone floor, the buckles ringing
    like little bells. She is in her Girl Guide uniform &mdash; brown shorts,
    yellow shirt, and a blue neck-scarf tucked inside her collar.   
'Ooh, biscuits!' is the first thing
    she says. She makes straight for the chocolate bourbons and crams one into
    her mouth. Then she pours herself a mug of tea from the pot.   
'That'll be cold,' says her sister,
    Helena, sitting at the table. 'I can put the kettle on.'   
'No time,' says Jo indistinctly, her
    mouth full of biscuit. 'I don't suppose you've seen my cap, have you?'   
'Your what?'   
'Cap  ,  '
    says Jo, patting the top of her head.   
'No.'   
'Bugger.'   
She takes another biscuit, eats half
    of it, and takes a gulp of tea.   
'When did you last have it?' asks
    Helena.   
'Saturday.'   
'It's not in your room?'   
'No.'   
'The coat-rack?'   
'No.'   
'Did you look?'   
'Obviously I looked.'   
'How about in the back hall?'   
'It doesn't matter.'   
'It  does   matter.'   
Helena watches her sister finish the
    second biscuit and reach for a third. There's chocolate on her face. Her
    shirt is rumpled, the collar sticking up at an angle.   
'You're a complete mess,' says Helena.
    'Why do you bother being a Guide at all, if you make such a poor job of it?'   
'You know precisely why.'   
Jo is seventeen &mdash; nearly eighteen &mdash; and
    in her last year at school. Whereas most of her friends left the Girl Guides
    several years ago &mdash; if they were ever Guides at all &mdash; Jo continues,
    every Wednesday evening and Saturday morning, to put on her uniform and present
    herself at a community hall the other side of Chiswick, where she squats,
    bare-legged and ridiculous, and promises to do her best; and then goes to
    paint a community fence, or mow a community lawn, or tidy the living-room
    of a housebound old man, who is often not too old to put a papery hand on
    her thigh and call her a good girl. She suffers this because her parents
    insist upon it. Liberal in most ways, they are inflexible on this point.
    Helena, three years older than Jo, was a member of the Guides until the very
    week she went off to university. And when Helena left the Guides, Jo begged
    and pleaded to be allowed to leave too. For two whole days she sulked, reasoned,
    proposed alternatives, but met a wall of resistance. It's putting something
    back into the community, said her parents, and it's character building. If  I   had
    to do it until university, said Helena, it's only fair you do as well. The
    difference is that you enjoyed it, said Jo bitterly, as once again she was
    sent upstairs to change into the hateful uniform.   
That was all three years ago. If she
    still resents it now, it doesn't show. It's now Wednesday, and although her
    parents are abroad for the week, at six o'clock Jo dutifully goes up to her
    room, takes off her school clothes, and puts on her Girl Guide uniform. And
    now she is standing in the middle of the kitchen, her face alive with gaiety,
    cramming biscuit after biscuit into her mouth, drinking tea, laughing and
    chattering.   
'Right!' she says, when she has eaten
    the last of the bourbons. 'I'm outta here.'   
'Wipe your mouth at least. There's
    chocolate all round it.'   
Jo wipes her mouth with the back of
    one bare arm. Helena rolls her eyes.   
'Not like that!' she says. 'You really
    are a disgrace.'   
She fetches a cloth. Jo puts out a
    hand to take it, but Helena ignores her.   
'I'll do it. Face up.'   
Jo grimaces and holds her face out.
    Helena roughly wipes away the chocolate.   
'Arm!' she says.   
'Uh?'   
Helena pulls Jo's hand up, and wipes
    the chocolate-smeared arm.   
'Mucky, mucky pup. There you go.'   
'Thanks, Sis,' says Jo, and is about
    to turn and go when Helena's hand grips her wrist again.   
'Jo &mdash; your fingernails! They're
    filthy!'   
'Oh, don't start...'   
'You are  not   going
    out with fingernails like that. They're positively  black  .'   
'No-one'll notice.'   
'Go and clean them!'   
'I'm not going to go and clean them,
    I'll be late. Let go!'   
She pries Helena's fingers off her
    wrist. 'I'll clean them tonight, okay?'   
From upstairs comes the sound of a
    toilet flushing. The lock clicks. There are footsteps on the landing.   
'Rob!' calls Helena. 'Come down here!'   
Rob, Helena's boyfriend, comes down
    the stairs and sees them in the kitchen. Some sort of dispute, obviously.
    Jo is in uniform, he sees, and he quickly looks her up and down. Her hair
    is pulled back in an elastic grip at the back of her head, making her face
    look very round and innocent. A blue scarf nestles under her chin. Her arms
    and legs are bare. Her calves disappear into soft white socks which hug her
    ankles. Her brown sandals are undone. There is a last trace of puppy-fat
    about her, which the uniform emphasises. The light catches a few tiny hairs
    on her forearms.   
'Hey there, li'il Girl Scout!'   
'I'm a Girl  Guide  ,
    you dumb-ass American,' says Jo. 'OW!' she adds, as Helena pinches the soft
    skin above her elbow, and gives her a black look. 'Why, what did I say?'
    she asks innocently, rubbing her arm.   
'I've got something to show you, Rob,'
    says Helena. She picks up Jo's hand, straightening the fingers and presenting
    them to him. 'Look!'   
He peers closely, like a scientist
    over a petrie dish.   
'Euww!'   
'Gross, right?'   
'Revolting.'   
'See?' Helena looks sternly at Jo.
    'Don't move,' she says, and goes to the sink and begins filling the washing-up
    bowl with water.   
'Helena, I said I'd do it tonight,
    okay.'   
'Tonight is too late.'   
'I'm also going to be late now.'   
She makes for the kitchen door, but
    Rob is too quick for her. He closes it and leans against it, arms folded,
    smiling at her.   
She growls, exasperated, and stamps
    her foot.   
'It'll be my third "late" in a row.'   
'Serves you right. Come here.'   
'I'll be on double chores!'   
'Whose fault is that?'   
'Yours.'   
'The more you stand and whinge ...'   
'Rob, let me out!'   
He shakes his head at her. She blows
    her breath out, rolls her eyes to the ceiling, groans &mdash; and surrenders.   
'Make it quick, okay?'   
Helena puts the washing-up bowl in
    the middle of the bench. The two girls sit down either side of it, straddling
    the bench, facing each other. Helena takes Jo's right hand, dips in the water,
    and sets to work on the thumbnail.   
'Sit closer,' she says. Jo wriggles
    up the bench until their legs meet, Jo's bare knees contrasting with the
    blue of Helena's jeans.   
Helena dips, scrubs, rinses, and Jo
    issues a barrage of complaint: 'This is hurting! The brush is too hard! Why
    don't you let me do it? This is  so   humiliating!
    Ow! Ow! Ow! You don't have to scrub the skin away too, you know.'   
Helena ignores her. Meanwhile Rob
    leaves his post by the door and comes to lean on the counter, fascinated.
    Jo's breasts &mdash; rather large, he never noticed before &mdash; press
    against the regulation yellow shirt. Her lips are very red, and her teeth
    are uneven and not very white. He sees the soft darkness of her mouth, wide
    with laughter and complaint, and the pink of her tongue.   
One hand is finished and presented
    to him. 'Very nice', he says. 'She's halfway to becoming a human being.'   
'Well, thank  you  ,'
    says Jo.   
'... A vital first step to becoming
    the perfect accompaniment to a man &mdash; a woman.'   
'What  are   you
    babbling on about, you incomprehensible Yank?  OWW!!  '   
This time Helena has stamped on her
    foot, rather hard.   
'That hurt!'   
'Yes, it was meant to.'   
She grasps Jo's thumb and sets to
    work again, more vigourously than before. There is something a little punitive
    about it now. Suddenly Jo's eyes are moist and she has jerked her hand away.   
'Stop being a baby!' says Helena.   
'That  hurts  ,
    Helena, okay?' cries Jo, looking at her thumb. 'You've scrubbed all the skin
    away! Look!'   
She holds it up. The scrubbed area
    is indeed paler than the surrounding skin.   
Helena inspects it, and laughs.   
'That's not skin, it's dirt!'   
She raises the brush, and Jo flinches.   
'I'm not going to hurt you!'   
She gently scrubs the back of Jo's
    hand. Dirt comes away.   
'Jo! You're absolutely revolting!
    When did you last have a bath?'   
Jo, grinning now, counts silently
    on her fingers.   
'Five days ago.'   
'  Five
      days  ?'   
'What's wrong with that?'   
'You know perfectly well what's wrong
    with that. You've not had a bath since Mum and Dad left?'   
'Uh-huh!'   
'You don't have to look so pleased
    about it.'   
She wipes some more dirt off, and
    shows the arm to Rob.   
'So that's how folk get a tan in London,'
    he says.   
'Unbelievable. Mum and Dad go away
    and she thinks that means she can stop washing.'   
'Actually it's an experiment. Helen
    Barker said if you don't wash for a while, then after a while you don't have
    to.'   
'That's your hair, and it's not true.'   
'No, all over.'   
Now Helena is busily scrubbing Jo's
    forearm. 'Rob, get me a cloth, will you, and the washing-liquid.'   
Jo heaves a great sigh. 'I'm going
    to be  so   late,'
    she says, but she makes no effort to move, watching the operation instead
    with a certain interest. '"Why are you late, Jo?" "Oh, my sister insisted
    upon washing my  arms  .
    She's like that."'   
'And your face,' said Helena. 'Every
    visible part of you.'   
'Even my knees?'   
Helena paused to look briefly at Jo's
    knees.   
'Yes,' she said.   
'I hope you realise I'm probably going
    to end the evening scrubbing Mr Pritchett's toilet, or something,' says Jo.
    'I mean, how clean do you need to be for that?'   
'You need to be clean when you arrive.'   
She takes the cloth from Rob, wets
    it, puts a drop of washing up liquid on it, and roughly scrubs Jo's arm.
    It's difficult to do sitting down, she finds. She orders Jo to her feet.
    Jo stands patiently, like a little girl having her hair brushed. Rob watches
    from the other side of the table. When the first arm is finished, Jo holds
    both of her arms out in front of her, turning them around. One arm is clean,
    glistening, flecked with bubbles; the other sallow.   
'No difference at all,' she says.   
'Rob,' said Helena. 'Want to dry her?
    Grab a tea-towel.'   
While she gets to work on the other
    arm, he dries the first, holding it loosely by the elbow. Jo grins, happy
    to be the centre of attention. A change of water, and Helena starts on Jo's
    face, forehead first, holding the hair back. They unwind and remove her scarf.
    Helena does her ears, right inside with a cloth, and behind as well, exclaiming
    at the filth she finds. Water runs down Jo's collar, and still her neck isn't
    clean. Rob scratches at it with a fingernail. 'I don't know,' he says doubtfully.
    'We could try the brush again.'   
'Her shirt's getting soaked. Why don't
    we take it off for a sec, Jo?'   
'No.'   
'Come on. You  are   wearing
    a bra, aren't you?'   
Jo hesitates, just for a second, but
    it's enough. Helena undoes the top button. 'Over your head,' she says. 'Arms
    up.' Jo raises her arms obediently, and the shirt comes off.   
'Now we can see what's what,' says
    Helena.   
Jo stands half-naked in her bra and
    shorts. Her breasts are plump, with a little bulge of skin at the edges of
    her bra. Her shoulders are round and smooth. Every curve is graceful and
    girlish.   
'Want me to do your neck then?' says
    Rob. He is behind her with the scrubbing brush. He adds in a stage-whisper,
    'I've much softer hands than your sister.'   
'Okay,' says Jo.   
So Rob does the back of her neck,
    and Helena does her face and her chin. Jo is silent now, enjoying the trickle
    of water down her back and the feel of the soapy cloths as Helena and Rob
    slowly work down to her shoulders. The only sound is the splashing of water,
    and the whirring of the fridge, and the occasional grunt. Jo shuts her eyes.
    She imagines she is a statue in a museum. Something Greek, a goddess in white
    marble; a new acquisition being restored to its full glory by a team of experts,
    before the doors open and ten thousand people come crowding in to stare at
    her loveliness &mdash; her perfect arms, her smooth white belly. A little
    shudder of pleasure passes through her.   
One arm is gently raised, and a cloth
    damply dabs her armpit. Then the other. The skin above her breasts is soaped
    and scrubbed and dried. Drops of water run down her body, into the waistband
    of her shorts.   
She feels a wet prickle between her
    legs.   
Rob is soaping her back. He has abandoned
    the scrubbing brush for a cloth, which he works in between the straps of
    her bra. The bra tightens as he tries to do underneath the straps. He stops.
    It tightens again, there is a fumbling. And suddenly the tension disappears
    altogether. He has undone it. He pushes the straps off her back and shoulders,
    towards the front.   
She takes a long, slow breath.   
Helena, who by now is on her knees,
    scrubbing above Jo's belly button, sees it.   
'Ah yes,' she murmurs, 'Much better.'   
She gently eases the bra away. Jo
    keeps her eyes shut. She feels Helena's cloth work its way back up towards
    her breasts, slowly, as if to give the impression that when it reaches them,
    it will do so entirely by accident. She hears a splash of water, a squirt
    of the detergent bottle, and then, tenderly, the cloth touches her breast.
    Jo gives a quiet gasp. The water is cold. The cloth lies still for a few
    seconds, as if to let her acclimatise to it. Then, somewhat brusquely &mdash; in
    a rough, sisterly fashion &mdash; her breast is scrubbed. Top, sides, bottom,
    and &mdash; more gently &mdash; the front. But Helena, it seems, is dissatisfied
    with the results. Jo hears her stand up, and rinse out the cloth, and put
    more detergent on it. Then (Jo keeps her eyes tight shut), a hand gently
    takes hold of her breast from underneath, cupping it. The cloth is brought
    into action again, rubbing more firmly now against the soft skin. Now and
    then there is just a hint of pain, and once, Jo gives a squeak. Finally the
    cloth approaches the nipple again, which Jo knows is erect. Delicately the
    sensitive skin around the nipple is washed, then the nipple itself. Sensations
    shoot through her entire body. She feels her legs go weak, and wills herself
    to keep them from shaking. She tries to keep control of her breath too, although
    she can't help inhaling in a series of little gasps. Then the cloth touches
    the very tip of the nipple, and makes a tiny circle, like someone trying
    to remove a stain from a window. Jo gives a moan, instantly suppressed. The
    rubbing immediately stops, and the cloth is taken away. There is the sound
    of splashing.   
Rob meanwhile is soaping around her
    waist. Jo puts her hands on her head, out of the way. She takes a deep breath
    and straightens her back.   
They're only washing, she tells herself.
    That's all it is. Don't make a fool of yourself.   
She feels Helena's hand on her other
    breast, and then the soft soapy cloth, sliding over her skin, scrubbing her
    with a mixture of gentleness and matronly efficiency. Again she silently
    gasps when the cloth first touches the nipple. She forces herself to breathe
    calmly, trying to inhale and exhale evenly. Her body goes rigid, as she attempts
    to suppress the excitement rising in her belly, the shivers that run down
    her legs.   
There is wetness in her knickers now,
    cold against her skin, and she feels ashamed. She thinks, I'll have to go
    upstairs and change them before I leave. Make some excuse. And just as she
    is thinking that, she feels her belt being unfastened.   
'Not my shorts,' she says at once.
    'Don't take my shorts off, please.'   
She drops her hands from her head,
    and puts them in her pockets, clutching the material.   
'Why no, Jo?'   
'Just don't.'   
'We want to do your legs.'   
'You can do them like this.'   
Somebody gets up. Jo feels gentle
    hands placed lightly on her upper arms.   
'Open your eyes for a moment, Jo.
    Look at me.'   
Jo opens her eyes. Helena's face is
    close to hers. She looks tenderly at Jo, and runs her fingers lightly up
    and down Jo's bare arms.   
'Let's do this properly, eh?' she
    says.   
Her hands slowly slide down Jo's forearms,
    and into the pockets of her shorts. Her fingers caress Jo's, gently trying
    to prise them open.   
'Come on,' says Helena, looking appealingly
    into Jo's eyes.   
Jo sighs, shuts her eyes, and takes
    her hands out of her pockets.   
'There's a good girl.'   
Her shorts are unbuttoned and lowered
    to her feet. She steps out of them. She hears the chink of the belt as they
    are placed on the table.   
Then there's an interlude while the
    old water is tipped away, the bowl refilled, soap added, and the cloths rinsed
    under the tap.   
Jo waits, standing in her socks and
    knickers, getting cold, and horribly aware of the damp patch in her knickers.
    How big is it? she wonders. Will they see it? Perhaps it won't show.   
But there is no chance of them missing
    it, however. When they return with the washing-up bowl, they place it at
    her feet and kneel down in front of her to begin on her legs. She squirms
    with shame, thinking of the sight she must present to them &mdash; her damp,
    sticky excitement, inches away from their eyes. Perhaps they can smell her
    too! How disgusting it must be. Her face grows hot with embarrassment.   
Helena, as if to tell her it doesn't
    matter, begins chatting away in a breezy, nurse-like manner:   
'Honestly, look at this dirt! Isn't
    there something in the Girl Guide's Law about keeping clean?'   
'The Girl Guide's what?' said Rob.   
'Isn't there, Jo?'   
'Probably,' says Jo.   
'"Probably!"'   
'What is the Girl's Guide's Law?'   
'Ask the Girl Guide!'   
'Jo? What's the Girl Guide's Law?'   
Jo is beginning to shiver. They have
    forgotten about drying her off. She folds her arms over her breasts. The
    nipples are big and hard.   
'It's what we have to say every week,'
    she says, and her teeth chatter.   
'Are you cold, Jo?'   
'Yes.'   
'Well, we're almost done, and then
    you can put your clothes back on.'   
'How does it go?' asks Rob.   
'Tell him how it goes,' says Helena.
    'It'll keep you warm.'   
Jo begins: 'A Guide is honest, reliable,
    and can be trusted.'   
'Uh-huh?'   
'Er ... A Guide is helpful, and uses
    her time and abilities wisely.'   
'Well done her.'   
'Don't take the piss, Rob,' says Helena.
    'It's important to some people.'   
'A Guide ...'   
Jo forgets what comes next, because
    at that moment she feels a cloth moving up her inner thigh.   
'... Faces challenges and learns from
    her experiences,' says Helena.   
'Yes,' says Jo, as the cloth caresses
    the tender, sensitive skin, tracing around the edge of her knickers. She
    gives a shudder, and doesn't try to hide it now, because she can pretend
    it's a shiver instead. Her breathing grows laboured and heavy again.   
The cloth moves on to the other thigh.
    She feels it approaching her groin again, delicately washing the skin. She
    knows it's her sister. She can feel herself producing more wetness. Her pants
    must be full of it by now. Once or twice Helena's hand brushes against the
    crotch of her pants.   
She hears the cloth being rinsed.   
'Is that it?' says Rob.   
There is a brief silence. Nothing
    seems to be happening. And then, without warning, two thumbs hook into the
    elastic of her knickers on either side, and they are pulled down, somewhat
    abruptly.   
She knew this was going to happen,
    of course, and she makes no protest now. The knickers are carefully lowered
    down her legs, although once or twice she feels the sticky cold wetness of
    them graze her skin.   
'Foot up', says Helena, tapping an
    ankle, as though Jo is a pony at a blacksmiths. And she meekly lifts first
    one then the other foot out of her knickers. She hears Helena put them straight
    into the bin. Beyond redemption, obviously.   
She stands naked, her arms still over
    her breasts. Then Helena is kneeling in front of her again, puts one hand
    on Jo's thigh and the cloth between her legs, properly this time.   
'Is that it?' says Rob again.   
Helena said: 'We'd got to "A Guide
    faces challenges and learns from her experiences."'   
'A Guide faces challenges and learns
    from her experience,' says Jo, and gasps. The warm cloth is in among her
    pubic hair, dabbing at the stickiness, and gently tugging the clumps of hair
    away from the skin, teasing them apart, cleaning them off. She hears the
    cloth being rinsed, and in the meantime feels the great fire in her groin,
    a burning, and when Helena returns to the task there is a new wave of wetness
    for her to deal with.   
'A Guide is a good friend and a sister
    to all Guides,' says Jo.   
'Is she?' says Rob. 'Are you?"   
'I try to be,' says Jo, and then she
    begins breathing very heavily, because the cloth has found the lips of her
    vagina and is tenderly stroking them. She gives a whimper &mdash; almost
    as though she is crying &mdash; and her breath comes in judders. She feels
    warmth around her neck and breasts, a prickling in the skin, almost like
    a rash, and she knows what will shortly happen.   
Helena eases the lips of her vagina
    apart. Jo feels the cloth go in, just a little at first. Another wave of
    excitement sweeps through her. Wetness drips from her. Her knees quake violently.   
Her hands, still over her breasts,
    suddenly and involuntarily begin playing with them. She runs her fingers
    over the sides of her nipples, and then the very tips. The feeling is the
    most wonderful feeling in the world. She never wants it to stop. She will
    do anything to get more of it.   
'Two more to go,' says Helena.   
'A Guide,' gasps Jo joyously 'is polite
    and considerate.'   
An enormous orgasm sweeps her away,
    as if she is a surfer, and it an enormous wave that lifts her to the sky
    and down again, tumbles her into the sea where there is no up or down, and
    the world ceases to exist, and the only sound is the moaning of some animal,
    that goes on for a very long time, and only afterwards does she realise that
    it was her own moans she could hear.   
Time has also ceased to exist. As
    long as the cloth is between her legs, playing with her, teasing her, inflaming
    her, reaching inside her and turning her inside out, and her own fingers
    on her breasts, then wave after wave arrives, one after another, to lift
    her up and spin her around. She hears a stream of babble coming from her
    mouth &mdash; disconnected phrases, meaningless words &mdash; but all connected
    with the Guides in some way she can't understand.   
And after a while she realises the
    cloth is gone and Helena's own fingers are inside here &mdash; deep inside
    her this time. Two fingers, perhaps three, working their way in. All the
    way in. Jo leaves her nipples alone now, and puts her hands, crossed, on
    her shoulders, her head tilted to the ceiling. She feels Helena's fingers
    slide in and out of her.   
A burst of heat, in her groin, in
    her breasts, in her stomach. She comes again, an immense orgasm. And suddenly
    her eyes pop open. She sees the kitchen again, and is amazed to be still
    in it. Rob is sitting at the other end of the table, watching her. She looks
    at him, and as another great orgasm shakes her body, she cannot drag her
    eyes from his. She moans and whimpers, her mouth hanging open, her chin wet,
    helpless as a baby. And for perhaps five minutes, this is how they stay.
    He doesn't move a muscle, while every muscle in her body spasms, and she
    writhes like a snake, and the sobs keep on coming from deep within her.   
And then she realises that Helena's
    fingers are not inside her any more. Instead, Helena lays her hand gently
    on Jo's mound &mdash; just leaves it there for a minute, as if to keep Jo
    warm. Then she leans forward and gives Jo a quick kiss on the belly, and
    slowly gets to her feet. She stands close to Jo, looking into her face, her
    eyes full of tenderness and sympathy. Jo at this moment feels more transparent
    and tender than she has ever felt in her life. The two girls gaze at each
    other, and love flows between them. Then Helena wraps her arms around Jo's
    neck, and puts her head against Jo's. And Jo stands, arms at her side, letting
    her breath slowly return to normal.   
'You're cold,' says Helena at last.   
'Yes.'   
'Come on then. Let's get you dressed.'   
She lets go of Jo, takes the shorts
    off the table, and hands them to her. Then she briefly glances down.   
'Wait a sec,' she says. She picks
    up the cloth, gives it a quick rinse, and in a no-nonsense manner wipes Jo
    one last time between the legs.   
'That'll do, anyway,' she says.   
Jo puts the shorts on. Helena helps
    her on with the bra, and then the shirt. Jo stands like a little girl while
    Helena does up the buttons. Finally there is the scarf to be wound around
    her neck, and Jo is a Girl Guide once more.   
Helena steps back to admire her.   
'There,' she says. 'Amazing what a
    bit of soap and water can do.'   
'Thank you,' says Jo quietly.   
Helena kisses her on the cheek.   
'Haven't you got something to say
    to Rob, too?' she says.   
'Thank you, Rob.'   
'Well, yes .... but I meant, you never
    finished telling him the Girl Guide Law. What's the last one?'   
'I'm really not that fussed,' says
    Rob, but Jo is frowning at the floor in concentration. And finally she gets
    it.   
'A Guide respects all living things
    and takes care of the world around her,' she says. 'Helena, there  isn't   one
    about keeping clean!'   
'I know.'   
'And to think we went to all that
    bother,' says Rob.   
'Well, if I don't go now,' says Jo,
    looking at the clock, 'It'll be all be over before I get there.'   
She goes into the hall and puts on
    her duffel coat. 'Bye!' she calls.   
'Jo!' cries Helena.   
Jo reappears in the doorway, looking
    sweet and fragile, her bare legs emerging &mdash; somewhat ridiculously &mdash; from
    the heavy coat.   
'Mmm?'   
'Shoes.'   
'Yuh?'   
'Do them up properly.'   
'I can't do them up. They pinch.'   
 A brief silence, as the two girls
    look at each other. Then Helena raises her eyebrows.   
'Okay,' says Jo. She kneels, rests
    her chin on a bare knee, and buckles one sandal. Then she swaps sides and
    does the other.   
'And now I really am going,' she says,
    and runs out into the chilly October evening.   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rafu


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





