BDSM Library - The Amazing Mr. Mortimer




The Amazing Mr. Mortimer
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A mid-twenties somewhat up tight woman wanders into the home of Lucien Mortimer.  Mr. Mortimer shows her sexual adventures that are too good to believe.  But what is he hiding?  Who is Mr. Mortimer really?THE AMAZING MR. MORTIMER  
My girlfriend Rachel and I had decided to take a two week vacation to Puerto
  Rico. I had first come across the girl on the streets of San Juan. She came
  up to me and begged me for some money. At first I was going to say no. Then
  I noticed how beautiful this young girl was and I was intrigued. I started
  to reach into my purse to get her something, and she smiled at me. She had
  a very beautiful smile. It was in fact an entrancing smile.  
I kept her close to me with small bribes of coins and candy, while I questioned
  her. I guess growing up in the US, we don't' realize how life can be for unfortunates
  in other places. She was barefoot and wore a very light cotton smock that barely
  covered her privates.  
My guess was that she couldn't be more than 14 or 15 years old. "How old
  are you dear?"  
"I'm going to be 29 next month, maam." She answered, but never actually looked
  up at me. Believe me, there is no way that this girl was 29 or even 19.  
After a few minutes, she went running off. I followed her for a short way
  and then watched her disappear.  
The next day, I found her again in approximately the same place. "Would you
  like to go with me and get a real meal?" She nodded her head yes.  
We went a few blocks to a rather nondescript restaurant. I bought her a meal
  and she ate it ferociously. "What is your name dear?" I asked her.  
"Misery" she said, quite clearly, without even looking up from her bowl of
  soup.  
"Misery?" I asked. "That's a strange name for a beautiful girl." She just
  nodded and continued to eat her soup.  
Over the course of the following three days, I continued to meet the strangely
  beautiful young girl, and buy her food. I offered to buy her some clothes,
  but she refused, without explanation.  
On the third day, instead of running away as she had previously, she walked,
  and I walked with her. I was interested to find out where this girl lived,
  and under what conditions. I imagined that she was living in absolute squalor.  
I was quite surprised when she led me into one of the more wealthy neighborhoods
  just outside the city. This area was full of large houses on waterfront property
  guarded by high security walls alarm systems and gates. She stopped in front
  of one of the more impressive houses and indicated that this was a far as I
  could go with her.  
"Do you really live in this house?" I asked her. Still quite shy, she nodded
  her head yes. I had my doubts until she turned to a keypad by the side of the
  gate and dialed in the security code. The gates slowly swung open. She gave
  me a little kiss on the cheek and hurried inside.  
I was still wondering about what I had seen as the gates reversed themselves
  and slowly closed again. Why would a wealthy girl walk around the city, begging,
  and wearing rags? Or more accurately, a single rag. When the gate was fully
  closed, I saw her remove her little smock and place it in a barrel off to one
  side.  
Without her smock, she was completely nude. She smiled one more time at me
  and then ran up the drive. I noticed right away that she had an even tan with
  no tan lines. She also had no pubic hair and both of her nipples were pierced
  with small gold rings. Who was this child?  
Rachel, my friend from Miami, with whom I had taken this little vacation,
  was already starting to wonder where I was disappearing to in the middle of
  each day. Rachel wanted to go to the beach and work on our tans or go shopping
  or sightseeing. So she was getting a little peeved that I was gone every day
  around lunch time. After what I had seen today, I decided to tell her what
  had happened.  
"Why are you so worried about this girl you only met this week, Lori?" she
  asked me.  
"I don't know why," I told her. "I guess it's a mystery and I can't rest
  until I find out what is going on."  
I told her that I had decided to go to the house tomorrow and confront whoever
  lives there.  
"Lori, you really are a busy body. It's none of your business what the people
  in that house are doing."  
"I'm going to make it my business tomorrow. Will you come with me, Rachel?"  
"I'm not going on a crusade with you Lori. I'll go with you so that I know
  which jail to bail you out of after the police come and take you away." She
  smiled at me with a knowing smile.  
Rachel and I had known each other since high school. We were both now 24
  years old. We had been friends long enough that she knew better than to try
  to talk me out of one of my crusades.  
The next day we went to the house. It only took me two passes to locate the
  right one. At first, we sat across the street and watched the front gate, while
  I described, once again, what I had seen the day before. Rachel had called
  her brother, an attorney back home in Miami, and put some clerk to work finding
  out who owned the house. It turned out to be owned by a Florida Corporation
  called "The Styx Corporation of San Juan."  
We had been there for about 15 minutes when the nude young girl appeared
  on the other side of the gate. I smiled as I recognized my little friend, but
  Rachel caught my arm before I could move forward. It was then that I realized
  that this girl was not my little friend, but rather another girl, very similar
  in age and build. The naked girl walked toward the gate. She veered off to
  one side, where the barrel was. From the barrel she removed one of the small
  flimsy white cotton smocks and put it on over her head. A moment later, the
  gate opened and she stepped out into the street.  
We waited another five minutes until the girl I had met came to the gate.
  She too was naked at first until she retrieved a smock from the barrel. I was
  very confused. What the hell was going on here? What the hell was going on
  inside that house? Who the hell lived there?  
I didn't know the answers, but I was more determined then ever to find out. "Where
  do you think you're going?" Rachel asked me.  
"I'm going over to the house and I'm going to find out who's living there
  and what are they doing with those girls." Rachel shook her head, convinced
  that I was out of mine.  
"After you get yourself killed, would you like me to ship your body back
  home or would you rather be buried here?" Sarcasm was Rachel's way of telling
  me that she was totally against what I was about to do, but she wouldn't try
  to stop me.  
I smiled at Rachel as I got out of the car. "I have my cell phone. Call me
  in 15 minutes if I'm not back outside." Rachel nodded in agreement.  
I went across the road to the gate. There was no one in sight. There was
  an intercom with a button. I pushed the button. "Si?" came a man's voice.  
"Do you speak English?" I asked.  
"Yes of course, what can I do for you?"  
"I'm sorry to invade your privacy, but I've become acquainted with one of
  the young girls who live here and I'm concerned about what is happening in
  this house." There was silence for a long moment.  
"I see. May I ask you name; who you are?"  
"My name is Lori Delgado. I'm on vacation from Miami with my friend Rachel." Again
  there was an agonizing pause.  
"Lori, would you like to come in?" As he said this, the gate swung open.
  At first I hesitated, but then I stepped through. I turned to look at Rachel
  sitting in our rented car. She had a very disapproving look on her face as
  she watched me enter the grounds.  
Once inside the gate, I could see that the estate was much larger inside
  then it had appeared from the road. Trees, bushes and a maintenance building
  were strategically placed to block the view of those outside the gates. Once
  past the obstructions, I could see that the estate encompassed about seven
  acres of grounds. The main building was Georgian architecture and very impressive.
  To one side was a large garage building with the doors open. There were at
  least three cars visible. One of the cars was outside the garage and being
  washed by two more of the naked nymphets. Behind the house there appeared to
  be some docks with at least three large boats docked there.  
As I made my way toward the main house the front door opened and a very handsome
  man about 40 years old stepped out. He was very tan and wearing a long white
  cotton robe. It appeared that he had nothing on under the robe.  
The man came toward me with a smile on his face. He extended his hand to
  greet me. As soon as I heard him speak, I recognized the voice from the intercom. "Lori,
  how good of you to come to visit me. Please come inside and have some iced
  tea." I smiled back at him.  
Okay, so I've wandered into the compound of some very friendly nudists. I
  guess there is no harm here. I just have to keep an open mind.  
"Lori, my name is Lucian Mortimer, but you can call me Lucky. That's what
  my friends call me." Lucky was still smiling at me. He had a rather infectious
  smile that was quickly turning off all the little alarms and red flags that
  were going off in my mind.  
I followed Lucky back into the house from which he had come. Once my eyes
  adjusted to the lower lights, I saw that he was leading me to a small table
  with some chairs around it. The table was next to a large window overlooking
  a swimming pool. Beyond the pool were the boats. No one was in the pool at
  that moment, but I could see two more nymphets working around one of the boats.  
We sat down and almost immediately another nymphet arrived with two tall
  iced teas.  
"I guess I feel a little silly Mr. Mortimer &hellip;"  
"Please Lori, call me Lucky. Is it okay that I call you Lori?" I shook my
  head yes.  
"I feel a little silly, Lucky, just barging in here and demanding to know
  what is going on. It's just that I saw that little girl on the streets with
  hardly any clothes and I was concerned about her."  
"Lori, don't feel silly at all. In your shoes I would have done the same
  thing that you did. I have to say that I'm really glad that you stopped in
  to see us. We don't get very many visitors here, but everyone is welcome." Lucky
  smiled his infectious smile at me again.  
"So, Lucky, this is some sort of nudist colony here?" Lucky looked at me
  for a moment and smiled before he responded.  
"I guess for public consumption we would say that we are a nudist colony,
  yes." Now I paused for a moment.  
"Then what you're saying is that you're not really a nudist colony?" Lucky
  smiled again.  
"We are a nudist colony, Lori, but we are also more than that. We are &hellip;" he
  paused momentarily "&hellip; we're a religious sect as well. Nudism is just
  part of what we are here." I looked at Lucky, momentarily, and then took a
  sip of my iced tea. "Lori, you don't believe me. Okay, fair enough, let me
  show you something else."  
Lucky's smile disappeared and he became rather serious. "Lori, I can read
  you mind."  
"Please, Lucky, no one can read minds." His expression did not change.  
"I can, Lori. Now let's see." Lucky stared into my eyes. It was a penetrating
  stare that quickly became uncomfortable. It was almost as if he were drilling
  into my skull. He never blinked. "You came here with your friend Rachel from
  Miami."  
"I think I already told you that. That's not mind reading."  
"Lori, Rachel is waiting for you outside the gate. You're supposed to call
  her after fifteen minutes to let her know that you're okay. By my watch you
  only have two minutes left." My jaw dropped.  
"Wait &hellip;. Wait&hellip;. I know I didn't tell you that. How did you
  know that? Okay, you guessed it! No one would come in here without a friend
  waiting outside. Fifteen minutes sounds about right. You're a very good guesser,
  Lucky. I guess you're name fits you."  
Lucky smiled at me. "Lori, call Rachel and tell her that everything is just
  fine and that you're going to stay a little longer. Tell her that she can leave
  and you'll call her in a few hours to come pick you up." Lucky's voice was
  calm but firm. I hesitated to follow his instructions. "Call Rachel now Lori,
  305-555-1817." Once again, I was shocked that he knew Rachel's cell number,
  but then I realized that Rachel's phone number was already on the screen of
  my cell phone.  
"Lucky, you're going to drive me crazy with your little tricks." I laughed
  as I held up my cell phone showing him the number on the screen. Lucky laughed
  as well.  
I dialed Rachel's number and told her that everything was fine and that I
  was going to stay for the afternoon. Rachel didn't want to leave me, but I
  finally convinced her. I told her that I would catch a cab back to the hotel.  
"Well done, Lori."  
"Lucky, you're very good with pretending to read minds."  
"You're still not convinced."  
"I know that you find little clues and put together enough to convince some
  people that you're a mind reader. But I know that there are no such things
  as mind readers."  
"Lori, I'm not only a mind reader, but I'm a mind projector." I looked at
  him with a quizzical look.  
"I don't know what a mind projector is supposed to be, but it is probably
  just as improbable as being a mind reader."  
"Okay Lori, I want you to think about something. Choose carefully. Choose
  to think about something that I could not possibly know. Make sure that you
  think about something that no one knows. Not even your best friend, Rachel."  
I took a minute to follow his instructions. When I told him that I was ready,
  I had something that I was sure he couldn't guess. It was something that no
  one could possibly know. I had never told anyone about this. No one knew. "I'm
  ready, Lucky."  
Once again, he stared at me with his incredible penetrating stare. I don't
  know how he was doing it, but his stare was quite scary. He kept up his stare
  for about three minutes. Neither of us took our eyes off the other. Finally,
  he closed his eyes for a moment, the smile returned to his face, and he looked
  away.  
I waited for Lucky's pronouncement. Lucky took a slow sip of his iced tea.  
"Lucky, I'm waiting. Or are you ready to admit that you can't read my mind."  
Lucky smiled at me and then put his tea down. He leaned across the table
  toward me and held each of my hands in his hands. He held my hands tight. "Lori,
  you have a boyfriend named Jack." How did he know about Jack? "Eight days ago,
  you and Jack went out to a comedy club." He's on the right track, how is he
  doing this. Maybe Rachel is in on this. Maybe he and Rachel set this whole
  thing up to give me a scare. Well I wasn't going to fall for it. "The comedian
  you saw that night told quite a number of off color jokes."  
"Okay, Lucky, I'm not that gullible, how do you know Rachel?"  
"I don't know Rachel, or Jack. I'm getting everything from you, Lori." He
  smiled his smile at me again.  
"Okay, I'll listen to the rest of this parlor trick." Lucky still smiled
  at me.  
"The off color jokes he told started to make you horny, Lori." Okay, now
  this was getting out of hand. Rachel told him the other things and now he was
  using that uncanny guessing of his to fill in the blanks. "You got very horny
  in fact and you were holding tightly onto Jack's arm. You guided his hand to
  your crotch, Lori. You wanted him to finger you right there in the theatre.
  Jack didn't take you up on the offer, so you were even hornier. At that point
  you really didn't care who saw you. You were horny and you wanted to do something
  about it."  
"When I get home, I'm going to break something over Jack's head!" I was really
  mad. Only Jack could have known about that. So it was Jack who was in on this
  little stunt and Jack told Lucky something that should have been private. It
  was between us only. Well, scratch Jack off as my boy friend. There was no
  way I'm ever going out with him again. The asshole can't keep his mouth shut
  even to a total stranger.  
Lucky waited until I had settled down a bit. "Don't blame Jack, Lori. Jack
  has never met me and he doesn't know that you're here. I am reading your mind."  
"No you're not, Lucky. You can't read my mind!"  
"Lori, you didn't tell even Jack about the fantasy you had later that evening."  
"Now you're way off base, Lucky. I didn't have a fantasy later that evening."  
"Well let me tell you what happened then. The show finished up and Jack took
  you straight home. You were hoping he would come inside, but he told you he
  had an early golf tee time for the next morning. You went to your room and
  got undressed. You drew a warm bath and got in it to soak. It felt good, but
  you were still horny. So you started playing with yourself, first your breasts
  then your pussy. As you were stroking yourself, you were imagining that you
  were back at the comedy club. Jack had taken you up on your offer and was stroking
  you until you came. The comedian with the foul mouth saw what was going on
  and pointed you out to everyone else in the room. He then invited you and Jack
  up on the stage where he continued to embarrass you. Finally, he reached behind
  you and with one motion he pulled your dress off. You weren't wearing a bra,
  so you were &hellip;"  
"STOP! Please stop!" Where was all of this coming from? She hadn't told this
  to anyone. Not Jack and not Rachel.  
Lucky smiled and took another sip of iced tea. It took several minutes for
  me to gather my wits about me. I was totally confused. Lucky did know my innermost
  secrets.  
"It's okay, Lori. Most people have a hard time accepting this the first time
  I demonstrate it for them." His voice was very soothing now.  
"I don't understand."  
"There's nothing to understand except that I can read you mind." Lucky took
  another sip of tea.  
"Okay, I accept that you can read my mind until I figure out how you are
  really doing it. How you do it, I don't know right now. What is it for? So
  you can read my mind, but what do you want to read my mind for?"  
"It's more than just mind reading, Lori. It's mind projection, like I told
  you before."  
"I don't know what that means."  
"Well I'd like to demonstrate, but I want to make sure that you don't get
  upset again when I do."  
"Tell me what will happen first, and then I won't be taken by surprise."  
"Good idea, Lori. Let me ask you some questions. Why were you were embarrassed
  about your little fantasy?"  
"Fantasy is not for sharing." I said. "You can do anything you like in the
  safety of your own mind and no one is supposed to know that you have these
  deviant impulses." I looked at him again and blushed.  
"See, that's where you're wrong. They're not deviant, Lori. In fact everyone
  has these impulses and everyone has these fantasies. A lot of people will have
  almost the same fantasy. There is nothing deviant about it. It only seems that
  way because no one ever talks about it, so everyone thinks that they are the
  only one with the fantasy and that they are somehow strange."  
"So then this little compound of yours is for &hellip; talking about fantasies?"  
"We share our fantasies here. We are no longer embarrassed by our fantasies
  because we all know that everyone has them. But no two fantasies are exactly
  the same. It is very erotic to share fantasies with each other."  
"So you all get together and you share your erotic little stories with each
  other?"  
"Not exactly. Let me tell you what happens. You've just shared your erotic
  story with me. When that story first occurred to you it was very exciting.
  Even though the events happened only in your mind, it was enough to bring you
  to orgasm. Am I right?" Lucky looked at me for an answer. I sheepishly nodded
  my head yes. "One reason your story is so erotic to you is that you abandon
  the constraints of real life and you do things that you wouldn't actually do.
  In your fantasy you live for erotic pleasure and nothing else." Once again,
  I nodded affirmatively.  
"Now, Lori, with a mind projector, we can turn your erotic fantasy into what
  seems like reality and yet it isn't real. It seems so real, however, that you
  can't tell the difference and the erotic effect is a hundred times greater
  than just dreaming in your bathtub. Yet when it's over, you are once again
  you and nothing actually happened. Through mind projection, you can be anybody
  you like and you can do anything you like without any consequences. Mind projection
  is the ultimate adventure."  
"Well you've got my attention, Lucky."  
"Are you willing to give it a try, Lori?"  
I took just a moment to consider. "Yes, Lucky, I'll try it."  
"Lori go sit on the couch over there and we'll start shortly." Lucky pointed
  to a couch on the other side of the room. While I moved over to the couch,
  Lucky pulled the curtains on the windows, making the room much less bright.
  When he was done, Lucky joined me on the couch.  
"Lori, I want you to look me in the eyes. Don't take your eyes off of me." Once
  again, Lucky gave me that penetrating look that seems to go past my eyes and
  right into my brain. If was difficult to hold his stare with my own, but I
  did. Lucky continued this for about five minutes. Neither of us spoke a word.
  Finally, he smiled and stopped staring at me.  
Lucky reached out his hand to take mine and help me up from the couch. I
  looked around and the room was still just as it was before. Lucky was still
  in his long white robe and I was still wearing my touristy looking shorts,
  sandals and top. I stood up next to Lucky. He continued to hold my hand, placing
  my hand on his elbow and slowly led me towards a doorway at the end of the
  room.  
"I guess it didn't work this time." I said softly.  
"Please, Lori, don't talk, just listen and watch."  
As we approached the doorway, I could hear laughter and commotion coming
  from the next room. We reached the door and Lucky opened it. Immediately I
  could hear the sound of the foul mouth comedian making his jokes. The next
  room was a theatre, very similar to the room where we had seen the comedian
  the last time. There were several chairs and tables in the audience section.
  All but one of the tables was taken.  
Lucky led me to the empty table and motioned for me to sit down. As I sat,
  I noticed that Lucky was no longer wearing his white robe. Instead he was dressed
  in a jacket and tie. When I looked back at myself, I realized that I was wearing
  the same red cocktail dress that I wore the last time I was at this club.  
Lucky left me alone at the table for a moment or two. Then Jack appeared
  and sat down next to me. I smiled at Jack. This has to be hypnosis, I thought.
  Well he's very good at it, so I'm going to enjoy myself.  
We had a few drinks. By the second drink I was feeling somewhat tipsy. Wow,
  this isn't real, but I'm getting drunk from the pretend drinks. The comedian
  started in on the jokes that had gotten me hot the last time. I was getting
  hot this time as well. The more off-color his humor, the more horny I got.
  I snuggled up to Jack. I clutched his left arm with both of my arms so that
  his upper arm was between my breasts. I let my tits rub against his arm. He
  smiled at me.  
Well this is better. The last time, he was telling me to behave myself and
  act like a lady. This time he was enjoying my advances. I could feel the rough
  fabric of Jack's shirt on my exposed cleavage. I held his left hand in my left
  hand and guided him toward my pussy. Real or unreal, I was starting to get
  hot. Jack's fingers found the right spot very quickly. I bit my lower lip to
  keep from moaning as Jack's fingers brushed up and down on the fabric of my
  panties. It was very hard to believe that this was not real.  
"HEY YOU TWO BUNNY RABBITS IN THE THRID ROW!" It was the comedian, shouting
  at Jack and me. He was pointing and a moment later one of the stage crew pointed
  the spotlight at us. Jack's finger withdrew from my crotch. "Hey buddy! I'm
  trying to entertain these people and make a living up here. You're attracting
  more attention than I am!" The audience roared their approval.  
"Okay if you two are going to steal my audience, you might as well get up
  here on stage." Before we could even react, the audience began clapping rhythmically
  as two stage crew members were helping us out of our chairs and up on the stage.
  We were standing next to the comedian before we had any chance to react.  
The comedian turned to Jack first. "So you just couldn't wait until you got
  her home to get your rocks off, huh." With that he stuck the microphone in
  Jack's face. Jack just sort of smiled, laughed and acted embarrassed. The audience
  ate it up. "What's your name Buddy?"  
"Jack"  
"Jack? Is that short for Jack-off?" The audience roared. Poor Jack looked
  more embarrassed than I had ever seen him. "Well listen Jack-off, she is very
  cute and I can understand why you wanted to get in her pants, but couldn't
  you wait until I finished my act?" The audience roared again. Jack kind of
  shrugged. He really isn't all that funny, I thought, it's just the embarrassment
  that he causes for others that make him seem funny.  
The comedian moved to one side and pointed at Jack. "Now, ladies only, how
  many in the audience would like to fuck Jack-off here. Let's hear it now." There
  were a number of claps out in the audience. "Jack-off, I'll give you a seven
  on a scale of one to ten." Laughter was again heard.  
"Jack-off what's your date's name?"  
"Lori Delgado"  
The comedian moved from next to Jack to be next to me.  
"So tell me, Lori, what exactly was going on over at the table. You were
  trying to give Jack-off a blow job?" I knew that my face was bright crimson.  
"No, I &hellip;"  
"Jack-off, I think the audience would like to see you give Lori Degrado a
  big kiss. Will you do that for us?" The audience once again began their rhythmic
  clapping.  
A very embarrassed Jack came over to me and gave me a peck on the cheek. "Jack-off,
  you can do better than that. Give her a big smacker." The audience was getting
  louder. Jack took me in his arms and gave me a big kiss. As he did so, I could
  feel the comedian fondling the little spaghetti straps of my dress. Jack finished
  the kiss and let me go. Immediately, the comedian, now standing behind me,
  pulled down the zipper in the back of my dress. Faster than I could react,
  the dress was gone. Evidently he had attached hooks to each of the spaghetti
  straps. As soon as he unzipped the dress, stage hands reeled in the wires and
  pulled my dress right up to the ceiling. I didn't have a bra under my dress.
  I was standing there in my red satin panties from Victoria's Secret and my
  red strap shoes, and nothing else.  
"Well Jack-off you were right. Lori Degrado is very cute." The audience roared
  louder than ever. I put my arms across my tits and turned toward Jack with
  my back to the audience. Jack held me close to him and I started to cry. The
  comedian came up behind me and pulled my panties down to my ankles. The audience
  roared again.  
He gave me a big whack on my bare ass and then ducked as Jack tried to punch
  his lights out. Again, the audience roared with laughter. Almost immediately
  stage hands grabbed both of us and rushed us off into the wings. In the process,
  I lost my panties completely  
As I stood naked in the wings, I was in tears. I barely noticed the man who
  took off his jacked and placed it over my shoulders. I don't know where Jack
  disappeared to, but the stranger held me gently, but firmly, until I had calmed
  down. When I looked up, I recognized the face of Lucian Mortimer, Lucky.  
"It is okay, Lori. You're safe with me." Lucky gently stroked my hair. I
  was feeling much better. "Did you like your fantasy, Lori?"  
"Lucky, it was real, it really happened." I looked down and saw that I was
  still naked. "It's still happening."  
"Yes, Lori, I know. But now think. You are excited and you're scared and
  embarrassed, but you're also very excited sexually, aren't you Lori? I can
  tell by your very erect little nipples Lori. Now tell the truth."  
I looked down and saw that my nipples were erect. I nodded affirmatively
  at Lucky. Lucky took me by the arm and led me through a door at the back of
  the stage area. Once on the other side of the door, we were back in the room
  at Lucky's house. He was still dressed in his shirt and tie and I was still
  naked except for his jacket. Lucky motioned for me to sit down on the couch
  where I had been sitting before.  
Lucky sat next to me and began, once again, to stare into my eyes. In a few
  moments I was lost in his gaze. I could see nothing other than his face. After
  several minutes, Lucky smiled and turned away. Once he broke the trance, I
  could see that I was still sitting on the couch. Now, however, I was dressed
  just as I was when I came into the house. I had on shorts, and blouse, sneakers,
  panties and bra. Lucky was once again wearing his white robe.  
It took me a minute to think of what to say. Lucky retrieved my ice tea from
  the table and handed it to me. I took a sip.  
"Lucky, where did we go and what did we just do?"  
"Actually, Lori, you never moved off that couch."  
"But I remember &hellip;."  
"Yes, I know exactly what you remember. I was there with you."  
"I don't understand."  
"You do understand, Lori. You're just having trouble accepting it. You just
  lived your sexual fantasy. Your nipples got erect and your pussy got wet, so
  I know that you enjoyed it." I knew my face was turning a bright red.  
"Lucky you just said that I never moved off the couch. Did I take my clothes
  off right here?  
"No Lori, your clothes were on the whole time. It is sort of like traveling
  to an alternate reality. You leave your Earth body here while you go and play
  in another body in the alternate realty. In the alternate reality, you were
  stripped naked in front of Jack and about 60 strangers and you loved every
  minute of it. I was there with you, so I saw it all including your reaction
  to it. Then we came back here to this reality and you went back to being yourself.
  In this reality, none of those things happened." Lucky paused for a moment. "Except
  that you remember them, and you're still aroused by them, aren't you Lori?"  
I was very aroused. I shook my head yes.  
"Your fantasy was pretty good for a first try. But by our standards it was
  pretty tame. If you would like to come back tomorrow, we could try another
  one."  
"Lucky I'm not sure that I can dream up another fantasy by tomorrow that
  will be better than this one."  
"You don't need to. You and I just lived your fantasy. Tomorrow, we can live
  someone else's fantasy. It doesn't need to be your own fantasy. One of the
  great things about someone else's fantasy is that you don't know what is coming.
  That makes it more exciting and more erotic. Also, living out someone else's
  fantasy will show you something else."  
"What's that?"  
"The way this one played out in the fantasy, you were you and I was me."  
"So what? That is who we are."  
"You have to let go of conventional thinking and consider all the possibilities.
  We could redo the same fantasy, but you could be Jack, or the comedian or someone
  in the audience, or a stage hand. In fact, you can be anyone you want to be
  in any situation you want and you can interact in any way you want with anyone
  else. There are a lot more possibilities here than you are considering."  
I sort of scratched my head thinking about what he had just said.  
"Your four hours are up. I've taken the liberty of calling a cab for you.
  Lori, I'm so glad that you wandered in here this morning. I've really enjoyed
  our time together. Will you come back tomorrow, Lori?"  
"Yes Mr. Mortimer, I will come back tomorrow." Luck gave me a big smile.  
"Why don't you come around 8:30 and we'll have breakfast together. Just buzz
  the intercom at the gate and I'll let you in."  
THE AMAZING MR. MORTIMER  
Part II  
The cab ride was short. I was dropped off at the front door of our hotel.
  I went to pay the driver, but he wouldn't take my money. "Mr. Mortimer already
  paid."  
I arrived back at the room, but Rachel was out. There was a note. She had
  gone to the beach and would be back around six. It was already past four, not
  enough time for me to get to the beach and back by six.  
With all the time I had spent, first with Lucky's little nymphet, and then
  with Lucky himself, I really had left Rachel all by herself. I was feeling
  a little guilty. I decided that I will go to see Lucky tomorrow. If it works
  out that's okay. Maybe I'll try to introduce Rachel to Lucky. Perhaps that's
  not as good an idea as it sounds. I'll think about it.  
Well I can take a nap for 90 minutes or so until Rachel gets back. Then I'll
  take her out to dinner to try to make up for the way I've neglected her on
  this vacation.  
I was sound asleep when Rachel came in at about 6:15. "Well Lori, I guess
  you didn't get yourself killed although I can't imagine why not with all the
  stupid chances you take." I opened my eyes to see Rachel standing at the foot
  of my bed. It took a moment for my head to clear.  
Then I started to realize how silly Rachel looked. There she was trying to
  be very stern with me. She had her feet apart and her hands, in fists, on either
  hip. She had that very angry older smarter sister look on her face.  
This tough look was totally incongruous with the rest of her appearance.
  Having just returned from the beach, she was wearing the tiniest possible thong
  bikini. Combine this with her 5'1" stature and she just couldn't pull it off
  as Ms. Toughie. Try as I may, I couldn't hold back a little chuckle.  
"Rachel, I'm so sorry that I left you alone so many times. I want to make
  it up to you. I'm going to take you out to dinner tonight. Whatever the best
  restaurant around is, that's where we'll go."  
It took Rachel a moment to loose her stern look. Finally though she softened
  and sprouted a smile. Rachel named the restaurant, and then disappeared into
  the bathroom to take a shower. Okay, so far, so good. Now how am I going to
  break the news to her that I'm going back to see Lucky again tomorrow?  
The restaurant that Rachel selected was excellent. The food was superb and
  the wine was delicious. I was certain that the bill would be no less impressive.
  It was worth it to sooth ruffled feathers. I'm always amazed how a small girl
  like Rachel can eat so much food and not get fat.  
Over desert I told Rachel that I was going back tomorrow to see Mr. Mortimer.  
"You're going where? Are you out of your fucking mind Lori?"  
I hadn't told Rachel the whole story about Mr. Mortimer. I just told her
  that he was very gracious and that we had sat and sipped ice tea and chatted
  all afternoon. I told her that he is very charming.  
"So you're going back to spend another day with this nudist guy? You still
  don't know if he's an axe murderer or not. You could just disappear from the
  face of the earth and no one would know what happened to you. He could just
  snatch you up and have you out of the country before I even realized you're
  gone!"  
"Rach, is that any more dangerous than going to the beach wearing the dental
  floss you had on today? Think about it. At least I'll be wearing clothes."  
"Yeah Lori, you'll be wearing clothes until he slips you a ruffie and strips
  you nude. I can't believe that you're this na&iuml;ve."  
Rachel starred at me for a moment before going back to her desert. I knew
  that she did not want me to go back. But I couldn't resist. Not after what
  had happened today.  
The next morning I was up and dressed bright and early. Rachel was still
  asleep when I left. I wrote her a note saying that I had my cell phone in my
  purse and not to worry.  
Lucky had said 8:30 for breakfast. It was ten minutes after eight when I
  went out the front door of the hotel. I figured five minutes to get a cab,
  then the ride over. I still had plenty of time. I spotted the cab driver from
  the previous day just as he spotted me. He waived me over to his parked cab.  
"Mr. Mortimer sent me to pick you up." He said as I got in the back seat.  
The cabbie dropped me at the front gate of Mortimer's estate. Again he wouldn't
  take any money from me. I got out and pushed the button on the intercom.  
"Welcome back Lori." It was Lucky's voice coming from the speaker. Just as
  he said this, the gates began to swing open and I stepped inside.  
I made my way to the front of the house where Lucky stood waiting for me.
  He greeted me warmly and led me inside. We sat at the same table by the window
  where we had sat the day before.  
"I don't want to push you, Lori, but I was wondering if we could get a little
  more comfortable today?" Lucky tugged lightly at his white robe as he said
  this.  
"You want to take your robe off?" At this point, I did know that they were
  nudists. Lucky and I were the only people on the grounds who were wearing anything.  
"Well I thought that you might like to get comfortable as well." I started
  to blush as I thought about the possibility of getting nude.  
"Lori, if you don't that's okay, but since I was with you during the fantasy,
  I already know what you look like naked and no one here really cares about
  nudity anyway." He made a sweeping motion around him as if taking in the entire
  seven acres of grounds.  
I didn't know I should do. On the one hand it seemed adventuresome to take
  my clothes off and walk around the place in the nude. On the other hand, these
  people were used to being nude all the time. It wasn't a big deal to them.
  I was still thinking of nudity as being erotic and naughty. What if my body
  gives me away? What if my nipples get erect or my pussy starts to get wet?
  I would be mortified! On the other hand, they probably don't care about that
  either, so it's still just me. Am I going to be a prude? Or should I just give
  in to pleasure and go for it? I gave it some thought. "Lori, if you feel self-conscientious
  about it, you can keep your clothes on."  
"Lucky, I do feel self-conscientious, but I'm going to do it anyway." How
  did I get so brave all of a sudden? As soon as the words left my lips, I had
  second thoughts. Almost immediately I thought better of my decision to disrobe.
  But it was too late. Two nude nymphets appeared and began to help me out of
  my clothing. Between the two of them, they had me naked in under a minute.  
My first reaction was to cover up but I resisted; I had to act like this
  was no big deal to me either. I immediately felt like I was being naughty and
  that thought made me feel horny. As I glanced downward I saw that my nipples
  were erect. Damnation I thought to myself! I bit the inside of my cheek. My
  nipples were sticking out a mile. I bit down harder. I had to do anything I
  could think of to take my mind off my erotic thoughts and get those damn nipples
  back where they belong. My cheek was starting to hurt as I bit even harder.
  Finally, my nipples started to recede.  
Lucky had gotten out of his robe in just moments. I was so wrapped up in
  my own thoughts that I hadn't even noticed him at first. When I finally looked
  in his direction I noticed right away that Lucky had an enormous cock. It had
  to be at least nine inches long and an inch thick. I made a slight gasping
  sound when I first saw it. I was trying not to stare, but it was difficult
  to take my eyes off of him. I could feel my self getting hot again. A quick
  glance at my chest confirmed my nipples standing at attention. My eyes went
  back to Lucky's cock. I'm sure that this is terribly impolite in nudist society
  to stare, but I couldn't help it. I had never seen a cock like this. I had
  never imagined a cock like this. It seemed to hand down to the midpoint of
  his thigh. It was so large around, I started to wonder what it would feel like
  to have that monster pushing inside of me.  
I still had a way to go before I would be a veteran nudist.  
Lucky, seeming not to notice my obvious behavior, invited me to be seated
  again. The nymphets took my clothes and hung them in a closet in a nearby wall.
  The closet was hidden. I would not have noticed it until they opened it.  
"You'll get more comfortable with nudity after a while." I saw that Lucky
  had was looking at my erect nipples. I blushed terribly, but this made me even
  more aroused. I could feel my sex getting warm and wet. I tried to keep my
  legs together lest he notice and comment on that as well. It was definitely
  a mistake to agree to be nude, but it was too late to turn back now. What was
  I going to say &ndash; get your fucking nymphets back here and have them return
  my clothes &ndash; I couldn't see doing that either.  
Another nymphet appeared with a platter full of food. Yes, I suddenly remembered,
  he did invite me to have breakfast with him. I had totally forgotten about
  that. We were served eggs benedict and fruit slices. I was battling to keep
  my arousal level under control. Not only was I totally naked in front of a
  man I just met yesterday, but there he was totally naked in front of me. Lucky
  was a really good looking man. He was a little too old for me, but if I were
  to go for an older man, he would have to look like this. I guess the word would
  be "debonair". He also had the added twin bonuses of that huge mansion and
  a huge cock. It was taking a lot of will power to keep from looking at his
  cock again and that was making me more aroused as well. I wasn't sure that
  I was going to win this battle of will with myself.  
"Do you like eggs benedict?" My mind had wandered again. I had to keep remembering
  that this is nothing to him. He believes that everyone should be naked all
  the time.  
"I do, they are delicious." We finished our meal with just small talk. I
  can't remember ever eating breakfast in the nude before. I started thinking
  about what would be coming after breakfast. The excitement was building. I
  moved my hips farther back in my chair to make sure that my pussy was out of
  sight. Oh my! I'm probably going to leave a stain on the chair. Be cool, Lori.
  Hopefully Lucky won't notice and one of the brainless nymphets will have to
  clean it up. That would be the best I could hope for. Why did I agree to get
  undressed? That was a definite mistake.  
When the meal was finished, Lucky led me over to the same couch where we
  had been yesterday. He sat down across from me. It took all the self control
  I had. I had to act very calm, keep my legs tight, don't think about being
  nude and definitely don't keep looking at his big cock. Lucky smiled at me. "Are
  you ready for some adventure today, Lori?" He said this as if I wasn't already
  having an adventure. I shook my head yes.  
"As I told you yesterday, I thought it would be interesting to live someone
  else's fantasy today. Someone a little more experienced than you. It will make
  the experience more edgy. Also, since you're not the author of the fantasy,
  you won't know what is coming. That makes it more exciting as well. Just remember,
  no matter what happens over the next few hours you will be back sitting on
  this couch just as you are now when it is over."  
"No matter what happens? Anything?" I was still not completely convinced.  
"Lori, let's say that you jump out of an eighteenth story window and go splat
  on the pavement. In the fantasy you will die. Believe me that you don't want
  to do that. The pain you experience will be real before you die. But when I
  wake you, you will be right back here, unharmed. You will remember everything
  including the pain of death, but you'll be okay. Does that answer your question?"  
"Yes, Lucky, it does." I started a little mantra going in my head. It's not
  real. It's not real. It's not real. It's not real. It's not real. It's not
  real.  
"So, let's start. I've selected four different fantasies. I thought that
  I would give you a little synopsis of each and then you can choose the one
  that suits you the best." I nodded my head in agreement. "I purposely haven't
  selected anything where you would be someone completely different from yourself;
  I don't think you're ready for that yet. So in each of these, you can just
  be Lori. It is the situation you find yourself in that varies."  
"The first is a rape." He said this so matter of factly as if that were just
  and adventure and not a dreaded fear. "You are walking home, late at night,
  and decide to take a short-cut through a dark alleyway. You don't make it to
  the other end. Instead, two homeless men capture you, tie you up, and rape
  you."  
"Lucky, that sounds more like a nightmare than a fantasy!"  
"Yes, Lori, you can reject it. You can reject them all. We'll keep looking
  until we find one you like. It's just that some women have rape fantasies.
  They don't want to be really raped, but they like to pretend. I wanted to give
  you that option in case you like that sort of thing." Lucky took no offense.
  He was still smiling at me very pleasantly.  
I wasn't ready for something like that. "I'll pass."  
"No problem. The second one takes place on a pirate ship about 200 years
  ago. The pirates have captured a merchant ship. Their plan is to steal the
  gold and the ship and put the crew to death. One by one they are making the
  crew walk the plank. But first, the pirates are stealing everything, including
  each condemned man's clothes. No one on either ship knows that the captain's
  cabin boy is really a cabin girl, until they start to take your clothes from
  you."  
"Okay, that sounds like a possibility. What are the others?"  
"Our third candidate takes place right here in Puerto Rico. You are being
  taken to the slave market to be sold as a sex slave to the highest bidder."  
"Okay, again, that one sounds good."  
"The final one takes place at a sex club. You are not a prisoner or being
  forced. You've willingly agreed to obey your boy friend in anything he decides
  you should do."  
Lucky paused, looking to me for a decision.  
"Good. I'm throwing the first one out. Of the other three, the choice is
  somewhat tougher. I think that I will take the last one, the adventure at the
  sex club."  
"That's a fine choice, Lori. Now, just remember, enjoy yourself." I once
  again repeated my mantra; it's not real. It's not real. It's not real. It's
  not real. It's not real. It's not real.  
Lucky moved closer to me. He moved his chair so that his right leg was between
  my knees and my right leg was between his. I took one last opportunity to glance
  at his cock. His cock was resting on the seat of his chair. The head was just
  inches from my knee. I let out a small gasp. When I looked up, he was staring
  into my eyes, just as he had yesterday. His stare was penetrating into my skull.
  It was hard for me to stare back at him, but somehow I did. Lucky continued
  to stare at me for four or five minutes. Then, he looked away. It didn't seem
  like anything had happened. We were still sitting close to each other with
  our knees intertwined. We were still nude. Lucky smiled at me.  
Lucky stood up and reached for my hand. I stood up next to him. Just as before,
  he put my hand on his arm and led me toward the door at the end of the room.
  The only difference was that today we were both nude. As we approached the
  door, I was wondering what this fantasy would be like.  
Lucky opened the door and then led me through it. It was dark on the other
  side. It took a moment for my eyes to adjust to the darkness. As we stepped
  through the door it was as if my body was caught by some gigantic web that
  was now squeezing my lower chest and abdomen. With my free hand I felt for
  my waist. There was something wrapped around me, very tight.  
When I could see again I saw that we were standing in a parking lot. It was
  nighttime and it was raining. I knew where we had been it was mid-morning and
  bright sunshine, so the fantasy must be starting now. I did my mantra: It's
  not real. It's not real. It's not real. It's not real. It's not real. It's
  not real.  
My first thought was to check how I was dressed. I was wearing a trench coat
  and a hat. Lucky was also wearing a trench coat and a hat. We were in the parking
  lot of some sort of nightclub. The sign above the door said "Devil's Den."  
"Where are we, Lucky?"  
"Who's Lucky?" It was Jack's voice. I had never let go of Lucky's arm, but
  the man whose arm I now held was Jack.  
"Sorry, Jack I was just daydreaming."  
"You know where we are Lori; we are at the Devil's Den. He waited for some
  reaction from me. "&hellip; the club that we've been talking about going to
  for about two weeks now. We had this planned for some time. You're not getting
  cold feet are you?"  
"No Jack." Jack led me up to the front door. Jack had some sort of membership
  card that he showed to a bouncer at the door. The bouncer studied the card
  carefully and then looked at something on his clipboard before waiving Jack
  and me through. Just beyond the bouncer was a coat check room. The attendant
  was dressed in leather. Jack took off his trench coat and hat and handed it
  to the girl before helping me with mine. Jack was dressed in leather too. His
  pants were like leather chaps. In the middle, there was a pouch for his cock
  and balls. The pouch appeared to be detachable. Above the waist, Jack had various
  leather straps crisscrossing his otherwise bare chest and back. I had never
  seen Jack dressed like this. I started my mantra again: It's not real. It's
  not real. It's not real. It's not real. It's not real. It's not real.  
Jack helped me off with my coat and hat and handed these to the girl as well.
  She gave him a claim ticket. I turned toward the interior of the building,
  only to see a mirror. Okay, let's see what I'm wearing. Wow. I was dressed
  in leather as well. My outfit was quite different. I had on a leather collar
  that was buckled and latched with a small padlock. I also had on a leather
  corset that I suddenly realized was quite tight. It was making it a little
  difficult for me to breathe.  
The corset had crunched my waist down at least two inches. My tits were exposed
  and, I noticed, my nipples were pierced and I had a gold ring in each. I reached
  with my hand to feel my right nipple. It was indeed pierced. It felt strange
  as I played with the ring. I could feel the little tug on my nipple and on
  my tit. It was a new sensation. It also looked like my tits had grown noticeably
  larger. Well I sort of like that. A little more cleavage never hurts a girl.  
The corset ended at my hips, leaving my ass and my sex totally exposed as
  well. I also noticed that my pussy was hairless. I had trimmed for bikini wear
  of course, but I had never taken it all off. It looked very different with
  no hair at all. I thought at first of touching my pussy with my hand. Then
  I thought better of it. Don't act like a total geek, Lori, I told myself. I
  did my mantra: It's not real. It's not real. It's not real. It's not real.
  It's not real. It's not real.  
I was just about to move my gaze lower when I noticed a little glint as the
  light caught something shiny between my legs. I did reach down after all. My
  fingers quickly found the shiny object. My clit was pierced as well with a
  much smaller ring. As my fingers played with the ring, I started to feel sexually
  stimulated, Oh my! I took my hand away. This is neither the time nor the place
  for that, Lori, I said to myself.  
My legs were in leather boots that extended up past my knees and had at least
  four inch heels. I wasn't used to heels like that but somehow I didn't have
  much trouble waking in them. I guess I was already used to them in this realty.
  I have to keep remembering that.  
"You finished preening Lori?" Jack was waiting for me.  
"I'm coming." I caught up with him. Jack led me past three rooms before we
  got to the room he had picked out for us. I should have been self conscientious
  about running around this place essentially nude, but no one seemed to care
  too much. I got a few stares, a cat whistle or two, but not what you'd get
  if you went out in the general public undressed like this. I was starting to
  enjoy myself and have fun.  
"Now Lori, remember, I'm your Dom. No matter what I say, it goes." I shook
  my head yes. "And don't talk back, don't question and call me Sir when you
  speak to me." I had heard about bdsm before, but I had never participated in
  anything like this. I really had not been interested in it, but now, somehow,
  I was familiar with the various roles and the rules. Again, I assume that knowledge
  was given to me as part of this fantasy. It's not real. It's not real. It's
  not real. It's not real. It's not real. It's not real.  
"Yes Sir." Jack smiled at me.  
Once we got into the room, there seemed to be some sort of game going on.
  I didn't know what it was at first. Three slave girls, like me, were lined
  up facing the wall. There was a bar, waist high in front of them. Each girl
  was bent forward over the bar and shackled to the wall. She also wore a hood
  over her head. Her ankles were shackled to the vertical supports for the bar.
  In this way, her legs were held apart and her nude ass and cunt exposed. There
  was a sign over each girl &ndash; cunt #1, cunt #2 and cunt #3.  
Three men, dressed similarly to Jack were behind the girls. The man who seemed
  to be running the contest would then move the men around so that each was behind
  a different girl then where he started. On a signal from the master of ceremonies,
  each man unbuttoned his cock pouch and began pumping the girl in front of him.
  On a second signal, the men stopped pumping and buttoned their cock pouches
  closed.  
The MC then asked each girl if the man who fucked her was indeed her Dom
  or someone else. Those watching would be very quiet until the girl answered.
  Whether she got it right or not was immediately evident from the audience reaction.
  After a few rounds, I had the game figured out. If the girl was fucked by her
  own Dom and she guessed right, she was a winner. The winners got to go to another
  room. If the girl was fucked by a different Dom and she guessed right, she
  would simply stay around for the next round of the game. If she said it was
  her Dom and it wasn't or she said it wasn't her Dom when it was, she was a
  loser.  
Losers were turned over to Big Bubba. Big Bubba was a giant black man who
  wore a leather color meaning, presumably, that Big Bubba was someone's slave.
  Big Bubba took the unlucky girls to his dungeon where they were flogged, caned
  or somehow otherwise tortured for their mistake. I noticed that some of the
  girls had welts on their backsides, presumably given to them in earlier rounds
  by Big Bubba.  
Well, I had had sex with Jack enough times that I can tell him from anyone
  else. I didn't think I would have any problems with this game. Two of the girls
  in the game had given bad answers and were being delivered to Big Bubba, thus
  creating two openings. Jack's name was called out. That meant that I was up.
  I was in the left spot with two other bimbos to my right. One of the MC's assistants
  pushed me forward over the rail and shackled my hands to the wall. I turned
  my head and smiled back at Jack. Just as I did so, the assistant whacked my
  ass. I turned my head back to the wall immediately.  
Next a cloth hood was placed over my head and fastened around my neck. I
  could breath fine, but I could see nothing. The assistant then fastened each
  of my ankles to the support posts, leaving me wide open. My tits were hanging
  down loose. I was somewhat amazed that they felt heavier. I remembered that
  here my tits were larger and had little rings in them but somehow I didn't
  think they would actually feel different to me. I could feel the extra mass
  hanging from my naked chest. Time once again for my mantra: It's not real.
  It's not real. It's not real. It's not real. It's not real. It's not real.  
The first round began. The first thing I felt was the two hands as they grasped
  my hips on either side. Then his cock penetrated my cunt. I was well lubricated.
  Even though I kept telling myself that it was not real, I was still very turned
  on by the whole thing. He pumped into me four times before the MC gave the
  stop signal. This was not Jack. The hands on my hips were smaller than Jack's
  hands, and the cock was too short. There was no way that this was Jack.  
"Cunt #1." It was the MC speaking. "Did you recognize your Master's Cock?"  
"That was not my Master, Sir!" The audience indicated that I was right. I
  immediately got a slap on my ass; as I had seen in the earlier round that also
  was a sign that I was correct.  
It took several minutes, while they questioned the other girls, led one away
  and replaced her with a new contestant. Finally we were ready for round two.  
Again, I felt the hands on my hips. These hands were larger. They could be
  Jack's hands. A moment later he entered me. I knew immediately that this was
  not Jack. Jack has a nice long cock, but it isn't thick. This thing in me now
  was like a sausage. In fact it was quite uncomfortable as he pushed into me.
  I was stretching to take him in, but he was pushing harder than I could adjust.
  I let out a little yell and was immediately punished by the MC's assistant.
  He grabbed the ring in one of my tits and gave a good tug as he said "Shut
  the hell up, Slut."  
The Dom forced his way into me, and then withdrew. When he pushed into me
  the second time, it was much more comfortable. In fact, the second time it
  was rather pleasurable. He moved his right hand from my hip over to my rump.
  I felt his thumb pushing into my anus as his member forced its way into my
  cunt. It was starting to feel really nice. His cock was stimulating my clit
  so I was really getting into it. He began pumping very fast, in and out, both
  with his cock and his finger. Just as the MC indicated the time was up, he
  came inside me. I could feel his thick member pulsing in my cunt as it delivered
  its load into me. It felt very warm. His cock pulsed a few more times and then
  it stopped. He took his thumb out of my ass.  
We had used up all the time and then some. The MC had to remind the Dom to
  stop as he had clearly gone past the signal from the MC.  
"Cunt #1." It was the MC speaking. "Did you recognize your Master's Cock?"  
"That was not my Master, Sir!" I braced for the slap on my ass, but the next
  thing I felt was the MC's assistant untying my restraints. There's no way that
  was Jack. I've fucked Jack enough times to know that wasn't his cock!  
By now the assistant had me on my feet. I turned around to see Jack standing
  behind me. He was just finishing buttoning up his cod pouch. Jack leaned over
  and whispered in my ear. "Lori, you took so many looks at my cock back at the
  house, I was sure that you would know it was me." It was Jack's face, but Lucky's
  voice. Now I understood what had happened. Time for the mantra: It's not real.
  It's not real. It's not real. It's not real. It's not real. It's not real.  
The assistant led me toward the door that in turn led to Big Bubba's dungeon.
  It's not real. It's not real. It's not real. It's not real. It's not real.
  It's not real.  
Behind the door were stairs leading down. The assistant led me down the stairs
  to a very dark basement. I was having trouble making out anything in the basement
  except for Big Bubba. It's not real. It's not real. It's not real. It's not
  real. It's not real. It's not real.  
"Stand up against that wall." I backed away from Big Bubba until I was against
  a stone wall. The stone felt cold on my exposed backside. It's not real. It's
  not real. It's not real. It's not real. It's not real. It's not real.  
Big Bubba came over to me and looked into my eyes. Then he leaned closer
  and whispered into my ear. "Lori, you don't have the right attitude." It was
  Lucky's voice again, this time coming from Big Bubba. "I know that I told you
  that nothing here is permanent, but it is real. If I hurt you you'll feel real
  pain." Lucky/Bubba paused for a moment. "You remember that I can read your
  mind? I keep hearing, over and over and over &ndash; It's not real!"  
Big Bubba moved back in front of me again. I didn't know what to say or do
  at this point. He began to stare into my eyes. I recognized this penetrating
  stare as the one that Lucky uses to begin or end the fantasy. I guess he was
  upset with me. I wasn't playing the game right. Bubba's stare went straight
  past my eyes and deep into my brain.  
I opened my eyes. I was sitting on the couch, looking at Lucky. "Welcome
  back Lori." Lucky started to smile at me.  
"I'm sorry, Lucky. I guess I'm not good at doing this yet."  
"It's okay Lori. Don't worry about it. You'll get better as time goes on.
  Do you want to come back tomorrow and try again? Maybe we should try something
  less intense until you get more used to it." I smiled and nodded my head in
  approval. "Lori, would you like to join me for some ice tea before you go back
  to the hotel?"  
"Sure, Lucky, I would. Would it be okay if I put my clothes back on first
  though?"  
"Sure, Lori, no problem, as long as I don't have to." Again, I nodded in
  agreement. The two nymphets who had taken my clothes earlier brought them back
  to me. This time, however, they didn't assist me in my dressing. I slipped
  my panties on first, then my shorts. Next I grabbed my bra. It was then that
  I noticed it. I still had the larger tits that I had in the fantasy, and I
  still had the pierced nipples with the gold rings.  
"Lucky!"  
"What Lori?"  
"Lucky, my tits are big and I have the rings in my nipples. What is happening."  
"Calm down, Lori. Come over here and let me see." I walked over to the table
  where two ice teas and Lucky were waiting. I stood in front of Lucky. He touched
  my nipples, very gently and felt the rings. "Lori, sit down." Lucky indicated
  the other chair at the table and I sat down. "This is most unusual, Lori, it's
  something we call leakage."  
"What the hell does leakage mean?"  
"Well it's just when something from a recent fantasy comes back to the real
  world when the fantasy ends. We really don't know how it happens. It's usually
  not anything big and after a time it goes away. The unusual part is that normally
  it only happens after you've been doing fantasy for a long time. I've never
  seen it with a newcomer before. The other thing is that it has always been
  an inanimate object. I've never seen it with a body part. This is all new."  
"Lucky, what should I do?"  
"Don't worry, Lori. If you don't like the rings, one of the girls will help
  you get them out. As for the big boobs, I heard you earlier say that a girl
  can always use some extra cleavage." I blushed when he reminded me of this.  
"Okay." Okay, I thought. What if Rachel notices that I've gone from a 34B
  to a 38C in one afternoon? Well, I guess I'll deal with that if and when it
  comes up. I went back to getting dressed. "Lucky, my bra doesn't fit anymore."  
"Can't help you there, Lori, none of my girls own any bras." I stuffed the
  bra in my purse and put my blouse on. Hopefully it won't be too obvious that
  I'm not wearing a bra.  
I returned to the table and finished my ice tea. We didn't have much conversation
  as I was lost in thought about my new tits. How long would then last? Lucky
  indicated that past "leakage" had sometimes disappeared in a matter of hours,
  but others had lasted as long as two weeks. When I got up to leave, Lucky walked
  me to the front door.  
"Lori, the cab is waiting just outside the gate. Please don't worry about
  this; I'm sure that it is harmless. Enjoy it while it lasts." He paused for
  a moment. "Lori, please come back tomorrow."  
"I'm not promising, but I will definitely consider it."  
Lucky handed me a small folded piece of paper. "My phone number is on there.
  Call me anytime you like." He smiled and I smiled back. I knew the way down
  the drive to the gate. The cab was waiting just as he had said. This was a
  different cab driver though. A large black man was waiting in the cab.  
"Are you waiting for me?"  
"Yes maam. I'm to take you to the hotel. Mr. Mortimer has already paid for
  the cab."  
I pushed the button to open the gate. The driver was very courteous and helped
  me into the back seat. I really didn't pay much attention to him. I was much
  more concerned with what had happened. "Leakage" is what Lucky had called it.
  I wish he had told me about this before hand. I wonder what else he hasn't
  told me about. Well I guess I can live with bigger boobs for a few days, but
  I don't have any bras or bathing suit tops that will fit now. Rachel is even
  smaller than me. Me before today is what I meant. There's no way that she has
  anything that will fit me. I know the gift shop at the hotel won't have a bra,
  but maybe they have a bikini that will fit me. I can wear the top as a bra
  until this all sorts itself out. Now that I was somewhat familiar with Lucky's
  unusual powers, I was more confused than ever. He's very interesting, but why
  is he interested in me I wondered. Maybe I should have been more skeptical
  as Rachel advised. I will be from now on.  
We had been driving for about ten minutes, approximately before I looked
  up for the first time. We were in some sort of warehouse district.  
"Driver, where the hell are we?" He ignored me. "Stop the cab! Stop it right
  now!" He still ignored me. I reached for the cell phone in my purse. I unfolded
  Lucky's phone number and dialed.  
After three rings, I heard Lucky's voice. "Si?"  
"Lucky it's me, I'm being hijacked by the cab driver!" The cab turned into
  an open garage door in the side of one of the warehouses. As we entered the
  building, the mobile phone signal was lost.  
The taxi stopped. The driver got out. He no longer had a nice look on his
  face. He opened the back door. I immediately slid to the opposite side of the
  cab. He reached in an tried to grab me. I kicked at him with my feet. I got
  him pretty good once or twice before he grabbed me by my left ankle. I tried
  to stomp on his hand with my right foot, but it didn't seem to bother him.
  He pulled me across the seat and out of the cab. I landed on the dirty floor
  with a thud.  
"I have some money &hellip; and credit cards &hellip; you can have anything,
  just don't kill me."  
"I'm not going to kill you. I'm just going to teach you a lesson." What the
  hell was he talking about? The driver picked me up off the floor and slung
  me over his shoulder. I yelled, but the driver whacked my bottom harder than
  I've ever felt, until I stopped yelling. Facing backwards, I couldn't see where
  we were going. I soon realized that we had passed through a doorway.  
I struggled some, but each time I struggled, the driver gave me another very
  hard whack on my bottom. On the other side of the doorway was a much smaller
  room. Because it was dark I couldn't see much as we entered.  
The driver put me down in a wooden chair. He very roughly grabbed my arms
  and pulled them behind my back. He put my wrists into shackles that were attached
  to the back of the chair. He then went to the other side of the room, where
  it was very dark. I couldn't see what he was doing there. When he returned,
  I saw that he had changed his clothes. I now recognized Big Bubba. My mind
  was in a blur.  
Was this the real Big Bubba? Wait a minute, there is no real Big Bubba. Okay,
  so it's either Lucky playing some sort of joke on me, or it's that damn leakage
  again. I had to find out. I looked straight at Big Bubba. "Lucky, I'm on to
  this now, you can stop."  
Big Bubba did not respond. He went to his right where I could now see some
  sort of work bench. He came back with a very nasty looking knife. Now I was
  scarred. I screamed at the top of my lungs until I was out of breath. "No use
  to scream here, no one here to listen." It was not Lucky's voice. I tensed
  up. He's going to kill me!  
Big Bubba came toward me with the knife. My eyes were wide as saucers. I
  was sure that this was the end. Instead however, Bubba sliced the buttons from
  my blouse. For a moment I was relieved. Bubba tore open my blouse revealing
  my naked tits as my bra was in my purse. Bubba gave my left tit a squeeze.
  Not a gentle squeeze but rather a squeeze that hurts and leaves little bruises.
  He did the same with my right tit. I swore at Bubba and I screamed. Bubba didn't
  even seem to notice.  
Bubba proceeded to shred my clothes. He wasn't just stripping me; he was
  destroying everything I was wearing. Bubba was very workmanlike and had me
  completely nude in less than three minutes. The remains of my clothes were
  in shreds around the chair. There was nothing left of my clothes that was any
  bigger than the face of cell phone.  
"You make a fool of Big Bubba last night." I shook my head no. "You did.
  You make a fool of Big Bubba. Big Bubba's Master not pleased." Bubba turned
  so that I could see fresh whip marks across his back. "You make a fool of Big
  Bubba, and now Big Bubba make a fool of you." Damn that leakage. This big gorilla
  thinks that was real last night.  
Bubba went behind the chair and released the shackles on my wrists. He then
  put one of his massive hands tightly on the back of my neck and led me to the
  far wall. There were various shackles on the wall he was leading me to. He
  positioned me facing the wall. He then place my left wrist into a shackle chained
  to the wall. He placed my other wrist into a similar shackle. Thus my arms
  were held above my head.  
I didn't know what was coming next. I was frightened to think that he was
  going to whip me.  
For a few minutes, nothing seemed to be happening, but I kept imagining the
  worst. Eventually, it all got to me and I started to cry. My crying brought
  an immediate response from Big Bubba. I got a whack on my bare bottom from
  one of Bubba's enormous hands. A whack harder than any I had ever felt before.
  All he said was "quiet bitch".  
I held in my crying as much as I could, although I couldn't help an occasional
  sob.  
Without warning, Big Bubba reached around me from behind and placed a leather
  collar around my neck. I heard the "click" as he fastened it with a small padlock.
  Well, I thought, if he's putting a collar on me, maybe he's not going to kill
  me, at least not now he isn't.  
Moments later, Bubba was reaching around my waist as he placed a corset on
  me. Okay, I thought, he's dressing me up like I was in the fantasy. Since he's
  escaped from the fantasy, he really doesn't know the difference.  
UMMMPH. The corset was drawn tight from behind. So tight in fact that it
  was pushing all the air out of my lungs. The other corset had cranked down
  my waist by two inches, I had guessed. Bubba was pulling me tight at 3 &hellip;.
  4 inches. I am going to die, Bubba is going to suffocate me in this corset.
  When Bubba finally let up, I guessed that he had taken my waist in almost 5
  inches. All I could do was short little breaths in and out. I heard three consecutive "clicks" as
  Bubba fastened padlocks to the back of my corset. Okay, if I'm going to survive
  I'll have to breathe as best I can with this thing on, because it's obviously
  not coming off anytime soon.  
As immobilized as I was by the corset, Bubba no longer needed the restraints
  on my wrists. As soon as he released me and my arms came back down to my sides
  it was a combination of relief and further distress. Without my arms overhead,
  I could actually breathe somewhat easier. However, my arms down put further
  strain on the corset resulting in further compression of my body. Squeeze as
  they may, the rest of me had to go someplace. As I took stock of myself, it
  appeared that the extra volume had all moved to my tits and my hips. As best
  I could see, my tits were huge and so were my hips.  
WHAAACK! Bubba gave me another hard spank on my ass. Not as hard as the last,
  but plenty hard to get my attention. I looked at him. He was pointing toward
  a doorway. I started walking toward the door. Even something as normal as walking
  was a chore in this condition. When I got to the door, Bubba motioned for me
  to go through it. I opened the door and found a dark stairway leading up.  
By the time I reached the next floor, I was winded. I'm actually in pretty
  good shape, but without being able to take a decent breath, one flight of stairs
  was a real chore. At the top of the stairs, I stopped to catch my breath. Bubba
  gave me only a moment before he motioned me to open the door.  
As I opened the door, I could hear conversation and laughter coming from
  the other side. The room was filled with people dressed in business clothes.
  I was suddenly very aware of my nakedness. What the hell is this big idiot
  doing? He's pushing me out into some sort of business meeting with no clothes
  on.  
"Put you hands behind head." I didn't want to do this or anything else that
  would attract more attention. WHAAACK! Bubba gave me a swat on my rear end
  that knocked me out of the doorway and into the room. "Put you hands behind
  head."  
I put my hands behind my head. Bubba put cuffs on my wrists that he somehow
  also attached to the back of my collar. I could hear another padlock click
  into place. Having my hands behind my head made my tits stick out even more
  than they were already. I was sure that I looked helpless. I was terribly embarrassed,
  trussed up as I was with my tits, ass and pussy all exposed to view. I knew
  that my face was probably red, I knew that my ass was red as well.  
"Move to center of room." I hesitated. WHAAACK! Bubba actually lifted me
  off the floor for a second with that one. Man, my ass is really getting sore.
  I moved forward into the room, slowly making my way through the crowd toward
  the center of the room.  
"Welcome Lori, we've been expecting you." The man who greeted me was a stranger;
  I had never seen him before. He took me by one outstretched elbow and led me
  to the center of the room where there was a box about two feet high. Bubba,
  who was following along behind us, put his big hands on either side of my waist
  and lifted me up onto the box, so that I was standing and looking down at the
  other people in the room. Bubba then took a metal pole that was lying next
  to the box and screwed it into a hole in one corner. The other end of the pole
  reached to about my waist. Bubba positioned me with my back to the pole and
  then somehow attached the pole to the back of my corset. This kept me standing
  in place on the box. Bubba then placed a rather short spreader bar between
  my knees; just enough to keep my knees about a foot apart.  
"Where am I?" I asked the stranger.  
"You're at a private club here in Puerto Rico. Now, no more questions, we
  are about to start." Start what I wondered, but fearing the answer as well
  as another spanking from Big Bubba, I didn't ask.  
"Ladies and Gentlemen, please settle down." I looked around, there were a
  few women scattered in the crowd of mostly men. They were not dressed as me,
  but rather in normal business clothes.  
The crowd settled down after a moment or two. The stranger continued. "Mr.
  Lucien Mortimer is offering for sale to the highest bidder his prized sex slave,
  Slave Lori."  
Mortimer! So this was all just a trick. My mind was racing now. How did he
  do it. It was now obvious that all of the mind reading and mind projection
  was a trick. He had taken me in completely. He had his fun with me. Obviously
  when I kept saying it wasn't real it was oh so very real! That damn bastard
  Lucky! I'll bet he just laughed himself silly after he fucked me. He was thinking "this
  stupid bimbo doesn't even think this is real!" What a fool I am!  
I'll bet that he is just a good hypnotist and he used that to convince me
  of all the rest. Now he's captured me and he's selling me into slavery as a
  whore! If I ever get my hands on him, I'll kill him. I struggled to get my
  anger under control before I did anything I would regret. The first order of
  business is to survive and the second order of business is to escape. Anger
  and vengeance can wait until I take care of those two. At that moment I made
  a pledge to myself that I would do anything to survive and anything to escape.
  There would be no hesitation or moral qualms; I will do whatever it takes.
  The gloves are off. Now I have no conscientious, just the will to succeed.  
Okay, Lori, settle down, I thought to myself. You can worry about Mortimer
  later. Right now you have to worry about what is going to happen next. My mind
  was still racing.  
"Mr. Mortimer had indicated that she has been a good and very serviceable
  sex slave for him for two years." The stranger/MC continued. What a liar that
  Lucky is, I thought to myself. "There will be ten minutes for the members to
  inspect the property before the bidding begins.  
During the next ten minutes an endless stream of total strangers came up
  to me and inspected every inch of me from head to toe. I was poked, prodded
  and every orifice was entered in one way or another. Twice I lost it and started
  to complain about how I was being treated. Each such outburst was met with
  slap on my already very sore ass from Big Bubba.  
When the ten minutes were up, the MC once again asked the people to settle
  down. The bidding proceeded with the various "members" raising and lowering
  numbered cards. The amount that was being bid was, I assumed, on a board someplace
  out of my sight. I never did find out the amount of any of the bids. I could
  have been sold for a million dollars or ten dollars. I had no clue. When the
  bidding ended, I heard the MC announce that Slave Lori had been sold to Mr. &amp; Mrs.
  Martino. I had no idea who they were.  
Big Bubba released me from the box and pole, removed the spreader bar, and
  took me down from the on top of the box. Still with my hands locked behind
  my head, I was led to a small room on one side of the large room. Once in the
  smaller room, Bubba unlocked the locks on the corset and finally released it.
  The loosened corset fell to the ground. What a relief, I can finally breathe
  again!  
"Open mouth." By now I knew better than to disobey Bubba. I opened my mouth.
  Bubba placed something in my mouth that seemed to fill my mouth. A moment later,
  he leaned toward me and blew into a small tube protruding from the object in
  my mouth. The object grew in size until my mouth was stretched to its fullest
  extent. Bubba then capped off the tube and shoved it into the object. "You
  talk to much," is all that he said as he put a piece of duct tape over my mouth.  
Bubba then took duct tape and taped my ankles together so that I could no
  longer walk. Bubba left the room. I noticed behind where Bubba was standing
  there was a mirror. I saw myself. I was a mess. My hair was so ratty that I
  was totally devastated. Other than the collar, I was now totally nude. I was
  slowly getting used to the ball gag in my mouth; it wasn't comfortable, but
  I could endure it. I had some bruises on my tits and a few other places as
  souvenirs of the "property inspection." Considering everything that had happened
  to me, I was still alive and still in once piece. Even as messed up as I looked,
  I thought I'm still a good looking gal!  
The door of the room opened and then closed. At first I couldn't see who
  had come in. Then I saw his face in the mirror. Lucky was standing behind me.
  I wanted to yell at him and spit in his face, but I couldn't. I wanted to kick
  him in the balls, but my feet were secure. Even so, he could see from my face
  that I was furious with him. I was furious at his total betrayal of me.  
He was enjoying my predicament. I ran his hand softly over my right tit and
  then down the side of my body landing, finally on the crack of my very sore
  ass. "You are such a lovely girl Lori. I'm sorry that we didn't have more fun
  together, but I really needed to raise some money. I know you'll love the Martino's." Lucky
  laughed an evil laugh.  
A moment later the MC entered the room together with a man and woman I had
  never seen before. They were the Martino's I presume. Mr. Martino handed a
  check to Lucky. Lucky smiled, shook the hand of both Mr. and Mrs. Martino. "She
  has been a delight for me, I'm sure you'll enjoy her for years to come." With
  that Lucky was gone.  
"Bubba, put her in the trunk of my car." It was Mrs. Martino that spoke.
  Bubba threw me over his shoulder and carried me out of the room. We went through
  two more doors before we were outside again. Facing backwards, I couldn't see
  exactly where we were going, but we passed several cars, all very expensive.
  Finally Bubba stopped. I heard a sound like a trunk opening. Bubba put me down
  on the ground. He took a key and unlocked the padlock holding my hands behind
  my head. As soon as he had freed my hands, he picked me up again and put me
  in the car trunk and closed the lid.  
I was in total darkness.  
&copy; 2004, Oralia Cruz, all rights reserved.  
THE AMAZING MR. MORTIMER  
Part III  
With my hands now free, I was able to remove the tape over my mouth and deflate
  the ball gag. Once I had that nasty thing out, I reached down to where my ankles
  were taped together with duct tape. It took several tries and at least one
  broken nail to work one end of the tape free. Once I had the free end, I was
  able to unwind the tape from around my ankles. It felt good to be free of restraints
  for the first time in more than an hour.  
For a moment, I just relaxed. There wasn't much else I could do in the total
  darkness of Mrs. Martino's trunk.  
With my hands I felt the collar around my neck. It was made of heavy leather
  with numerous metal loops for attaching other things. In the back I found the
  padlock. It wasn't a large padlock and probably could easily be removed with
  the right tool. I didn't have any tools, however. I felt down my body with
  both of my hands. Other than the collar I was totally nude.  
I started to feel around the trunk. The trunk was quite deep. Underneath
  me was carpet, but it felt very rough and gritty. With my hand I could feel
  a goodly amount of sand. I found a spare tire, but no jack or other tools.
  There was also some sort of straw hat in the trunk which was otherwise empty.  
When I had been in the trunk for about ten minutes I heard the sound and
  vibration of someone getting into the car and starting the engine. The car
  backed first and then moved forward. I could hear the muffled sounds of people
  talking. It sounded like a man and a woman. Mr. &amp; Mrs. Martino I assumed.  
The car trip lasted about twenty minutes. Then I felt the car stop and the
  engine was turned off. I waited for something to happen. The trunk lid opened
  flooding my eyes with bright sunlight. I squinted but I couldn't see anything.
  Hands reached toward me and lifted me out of the trunk. Almost immediately
  I was wrapped up in something soft and slung over someone's shoulder. Was this
  Bubba again? I wondered. I was hesitant to resist in anyway if it was Bubba.
  I didn't know.  
I could hear the sounds of water and of some birds squawking. Whoever was
  carrying me, his footsteps echoed as if he were walking on wooden planks. I'm
  at the waterfront, I thought, some sort of boat dock.  
The man carrying me was too small. I came to the conclusion that he was not
  Bubba. I freed my hands from the blanket in which I was wrapped. I made two
  fists and began hitting him on his back. I got off four or five good blows,
  enough for the man to yell out in distress. "Shit!" was all I heard him say.
  This was definitely not Bubba. That's all I remember. Someone hit me on the
  head with something. My head hurt. I was dazed. I don't think I blacked out
  completely, but I was seeing stars.  
I vaguely remember being carried out of the sunlight into a darker place
  and then being put down rather roughly. I just collapsed on the floor. I have
  no idea how long I was dazed, but when I started to awaken it appeared that
  I was in some sort of storage room. There were food and cooking supplies everywhere.
  My hands were handcuffed to a bracket attached to one wall. I was still wearing
  my collar and nothing else. I could feel a vibration coming through the floor,
  and the floor was also gently rolling from side to side. I was on a boat and
  we were moving!  
Eventually I fell asleep. I don't know how long I slept. When I woke up,
  my head was still throbbing, although not as badly as before. After a few minutes
  I became acutely aware that my bladder was full and that I had to pee. I had
  been subjected to every imaginable indignity over the past several hours, I
  thought. If I could possibly hold it, I wasn't going to add to my indignity
  by peeing on the floor. I crossed my legs to help me hold it in.  
After half and hour the struggle not to pee on the floor was becoming hopeless.
  I didn't think I could hold out much longer. It was just then that the door
  of the supply closet opened. There was the silhouette of a man in the doorway
  with the bright light of the passageway outside behind him. It must be Mr.
  Martino.  
"Lori, if you promise to behave yourself, I'll let you loose so you can use
  the head." I knew the word "head" on a boat meant bathroom. I shook my head
  yes. I quickly regretted that, as my head ached more when I moved it.  
Mr. Martino came over, unlocked my handcuffs and helped me to my feet. It
  was then that I noticed that he was wearing a collar similar to mine. He also
  wore a leather jock strap that was locked with a padlock. He was otherwise
  nude. I was confused. The people who bought me had to be Masters. If they were
  slaves like me, how could they buy another slave? Maybe there are different
  levels of slaves? I didn't know.  
Mr. Martino showed me to the head. It was a tiny closet with a single dry
  toilet in it. The hinges indicated that there had once been a door, but the
  door was long gone. Mr. Martino stood by as I sat on the toilet; so much for
  modesty. I had to go so badly at this point that I really didn't care if he
  watched me or not. I used a single sheet of tp to dry myself and then I flushed
  the toilet.  
With peeing gone from my mind I was able to notice much more around me. There
  was a kitchen across the hall. Actually "there was a galley across the companionway" is
  the correct terminology I later learned.  
"Are you hungry?" Mr. Martino was a good looking man. He was about five feet
  ten inches tall and appeared to be in relatively good shape. He had course
  black curly hair that covered his head and then just thinned out a bit as it
  covered his back and chest and arms and legs.  
"I am hungry, Mr. Martino," I said. He led the way into the galley.  
"You can call me Mitch, Lori." I smiled back at him. Mitch fixed two sandwiches,
  one for himself and one for me. Considering that we are on a boat, the galley
  was quite big and was equipped with a microwave, stove, oven and refrigerator.  
I ate half the sandwich before I spoke. "Mitch, I'm confused. You are dressed
  as a slave, but you're the one who bought me. How can one slave own another
  slave?"  
"I don't own you Lori, Mrs. Martino owns you. Mrs. Martino owns both of us."  
"Your wife owns you?"  
"I'm not her husband. My name isn't Martino. I was Mitch Rodriquez before
  I was captured. When I go out with her, she gives me her last name. It's supposed
  to be humiliating for me."  
"Have you ever tried to escape?"  
"A few times I did, but I never made it. The punishment was so severe that
  I stopped trying to escape after a while."  
"What kind of punishment?" I asked, hesitantly. I was afraid he would tell
  me something that I really didn't want to hear. I needed to know, though.  
Instead of saying anything, Mitch turned around with his back to me. He flattened
  out some of the hair on his back. I could see scars across his back. They were
  like old welts that had healed up, but hadn't gone away. "Punishment is handed
  out by Big Bubba." He said without further explanation. I nodded.  
"You said that you were captured, Mitch. How were you captured?"  
Mitch waited a while before answering. "I was set up by Lucien Mortimer.
  I was completely fooled by him. It's a long story &hellip;"  
"&hellip; no need." I interrupted him. "I was fooled by the same man. I was
  set up and delivered by him right to that auction. So, Lucky makes his living
  at this?" I asked.  
"It's like those rings of thieves who steal cars to order. Lucky captures
  sex slaves to order."  
"So Mrs. Martino asked for someone like me and then Lucky went out and got
  me?" Mitch nodded his head yes. I was amazed that this sex slave ring was so
  organized. "Do you mind if I ask you what you do here on the boat?"  
"I'm a licensed boat captain. I run the boat. I'm also here to service Mrs.
  Martino."  
"You sleep with Mrs. Martino. You're here to satisfy her sexually?"  
"I'm here to give her children which, so far, hasn't happened. It turns out
  that Mrs. Martino is barren." I thought about this for a minute. Then a very
  disturbing thought occurred to me.  
"Why am I here, Mitch?"  
"Lori, you're here to bear the children that Mrs. Martino wants and can't
  have." Panic set in. It was one thing to be stolen and sold into slavery. I
  could even stand the thought of being forced to have sex, but being forced
  to have children was too much. It took me a few minutes to absorb all of this.
  This woman is completely fiendish, I thought. She had to order me kidnapped
  and raped in order to produce a child or children for her. I was having difficulty
  coming to grips with the depths of her depravity.  
Suddenly my need to escape became even more immediate. I had to get out of
  this situation as quickly as I could at any cost. My mind was racing so fast
  that I couldn't think of what to do. I was starting to panic. I knew that panic
  would be my worst enemy. I had to keep myself calm and think of a way out.  
"Mitch, what is your role in this?" I thought that I already had the answer,
  but I needed to hear him say it.  
"I'm the father of your children, Lori. I'm here to get you pregnant." It
  was as I thought.  
"Mitch, if you're role is to get me pregnant, then why are you wearing a
  chastity belt to prevent you from having sex with me?"  
"Lori, Mrs. Martino wants to supervise all of our fornication. She wants
  to watch and perhaps even tell us what to do and when to do it. She's not leaving
  anything to chance."  
Mrs. Martino was truly evil. I barely knew the woman and I already had a
  burning hatred for her. I had to keep my emotions under control. There was
  a war going on in my aching brain between my reason and my emotions. My reason
  had to win.  
"Mitch, you said that you tried to escape a few times." He nodded his head
  yes. "Can you tell me a little more about what happened?"  
Mitch had now finished his sandwich as was starting in on a piece of chocolate
  cake. He offered me a piece, but I declined. "Well, there's no place to go
  out here on the ocean. We spend quite a lot of time out on the ocean." Mitch
  made a sweeping motion with his hand. "I had to make my escape attempts when
  we got into port. Mrs. Martino only travels in D/s circles, so whenever we
  came into port there were lots of other Masters and slaves around. No matter
  what I did, there was always someone there to give me away, and there was always
  Big Bubba or one of their other goons there to restrain and punish me. I tried
  hiding on a different boat, I tried swimming away, I tried just plain running.
  Nothing ever worked. I was caught every time." I nodded my head indicating
  my understanding of what he had said. It was obvious from his tone of voice
  and his body language that Mitch was a broken man. He may have tried to escape
  in the past, but he wouldn't try it again. His spirit was gone from him. He
  was resigned to his fate of permanent slave.  
After my bite to eat and another short bathroom break, Mitch took me back
  to the supply closet. This time, however, he gave me a pillow and a blanket
  and he didn't chain me up. He did however lock the door.  
It had been a hectic day. I really needed some sleep as I was very tired.
  My mind wouldn't relax, however. I had started the day as a tourist staying
  at a hotel in San Juan. By the end of the day everything had been taken from
  me, including every stitch of clothing. I had been sold at auction as a sex
  slave. I was locked in a storage closet on a boat headed &ndash; I had no idea
  where we were or where we were headed &ndash; wearing nothing but my slave
  collar. And yet all that had happened today seemed unimportant compared to
  the fate that was just around the corner for me &ndash; I was to be impregnated
  and bear children for the barren witch, Mrs. Martino. I couldn't stop thinking
  about it and as long as I thought about it, I couldn't sleep. I'm not sure
  how long I was lying there before exhaustion finally overcame me.  
Mitch came to get me early the next morning. He tried not to be obvious,
  but I knew that he was checking me out as I got up from the floor. I figured
  that when the time came, I would need Mitch's help somehow. I didn't want to
  be obvious either, but I also needed to cultivate his interest in me. I stood
  before him as unashamed as I could manage and allowed his lusting gaze to linger
  on my naked body. I moved in ways that I thought would give him more enticing
  views.  
He led me up on deck and for the first time I got an idea of the size of
  the whole yacht. It was about one hundred feet in length but, here on the open
  ocean it looked so small. Mrs. Martino was lying on the aft deck wearing a
  light skirt and blouse with sunglasses and a wide brimmed straw hat. Upon seeing
  her I reflected on how I used to wear outfits like that back when I was allowed
  to wear clothes.  
I wasn't self-conscientious about being nude in front of Mrs. Martino. My
  knowledge of her plans for me had created a hatred of her deep within me. That
  hatred overcame any other feelings I might have had about her. I had to keep
  a blank smile on my face so that she wouldn't suspect what I was thinking.  
Mitch was still wearing his collar and his leather jock strap. He must hate
  her too, I thought. I guess his hate has been worn down over time.  
Mitch led me over to where Mrs. Martino was sunbathing and indicated that
  I should stand at attention next to her lounge chair. I kept telling myself
  that now is not the right time, so just be cool, Lori, be cool. Mrs. Martino
  looked up at me and smiled. Then with her left hand she gently patted my stomach
  a few times and then smiled again. I smiled back at her, as much as it pained
  me to do so. She glanced back at Mitch and nodded. It was then that I saw her
  purse sitting on the deck next to her chair. The purse was open and in the
  top of the purse I could see a pistol, a .38 I think. I guess that's her protection
  from us out here in the middle of the ocean.  
"Put your hands behind your head, Lori." It was Mitch speaking. I put my
  hands behind my head and Mitch locked them in place just as Bubba had done
  the day before. Mitch led me over to an open part of the deck. At about eye
  level there was a bracket attached to a pole. Mitch took a metal chain and
  attached one end to my collar and the other end to this bracket. I was starting
  to get worried. Mitch then attached ankle bracelets that were connected by
  metal chains to brackets in the deck. The ankle bracelets held my feet about
  two feet apart from each other. My anxiety level was increasing with each restraint. "I'm
  really sorry about this, Lori," said Mitch. What the hell were they going to
  do to me?  
Mrs. Martino had gotten up from her lounge chair and was standing next to
  me. "Lori, you little slut, you hit poor Mitch here yesterday when he was carrying
  you to the boat. Such behavior is not allowed." As she said this, Mitch hit
  me across my ass with some sort of whip. I couldn't see behind me enough to
  tell exactly what it was. My ass was still somewhat tender from the beating
  it took yesterday from Bubba, so this really hurt. I sort of jumped as much
  as I could with my feet restrained. It took me a moment to keep from falling
  and regain my balance.  
"Lori, I don't tolerate disobedience from my slaves in even the smallest
  matters." SNAP &ndash; the whip hit again, this time on the backs of my legs.
  As it did, my legs started to buckle under me and I was gagging as the restraint
  on my collar was all that was holding me up. Mitch caught me and got me back
  to a standing position. It took me a minute to stop gagging and catch my breath.
  My legs and ass felt like they were on fire.  
"Don't cross me again, Lori! The next time I might not let Mitch help you
  back up." SNAP &ndash; the whip hit again on my ass. I couldn't believe how
  it burned. I started to cry, as silently as I could. I didn't want Mrs. Martino
  to hear me, but she did. "Crying won't help you, Lori. No one here cares if
  you're comfortable or in pain. If you behave yourself you'll have a nice life.
  If you don't behave your life will be short and painful."  
"Let her hang there for an hour or so, and then you can start getting her
  ready." It was Mrs. Martino speaking to Mitch. Mrs. Martino was giving Mitch
  some other instructions. I stopped listening to their conversation. I was thankful
  that my whipping had ended. My ass felt like it was on fire. I looked down
  at the deck between my feet and I could see small droplets of blood. As I watched
  another droplet fell to the deck. My backside was bleeding. Finally I could
  hear the conversation behind me end. I heard the sounds of footsteps leaving
  the deck and heading down the steps to the cabins. Mrs. Martino had left.  
Once Mrs. Martino was gone, Mitch came up behind me again. "Lori, I'm really
  sorry about that." I couldn't answer him, I just nodded my head yes. Oh, my
  head was still hurting, I had almost forgotten about my head. Mitch was rubbing
  my sore ass with some sort of ointment. "This is something that will cut down
  on the pain and stop the bleeding," he said. I'm sure that he didn't mind at
  all rubbing ointment on my naked ass. At that moment I was too sore to even
  care.  
I was left in that position for about an hour. My legs were getting tired,
  but if I moved them, I would start choking again. I held up as best I could.
  Mitch came periodically and gave me something to drink. It took me fifteen
  or twenty minutes to get myself under control. I had learned a valuable lesson.
  The penalty for crossing Mrs. Martino was severe. If I were to try anything
  I would have to be totally ruthless. If I allowed myself to be recaptured I
  could easily imagine that I would be tortured to a slow and very painful death.  
When the hour was up, I heard Mrs. Martino's voice on some sort of intercom.
  She told Mitch that she would be up on deck in fifteen minutes and that he
  was to get me ready. Get me ready for what I wondered. I suppose it could have
  been another beating, but I didn't think so. Mrs. Martino had made her point.  
Mitch released me from the restraints and led me over to lounge chair where
  Mrs. Martino had been sunbathing earlier. Mitch indicated that I was to sit
  down. I sat and then immediately jumped back up as sitting stung my ass terribly. "Lie
  down on it, Lori; it will be easier to take that way." It took me a few tries
  to maneuver myself into a lying down position without the use of my arms. Mitch
  helped somewhat. My backside was still sore, but by putting my knees up, I
  was able to keep the tenderest part of my ass off the lounge chair.  
"This part will be much more pleasant for you, Lori." I could see Mitch smiling
  at me. He sat down on one end of the bench, near my feet. "Don't move now." He
  reached out with one hand and began rubbing my pussy. A moment later, he had
  one of his fingers in me and had found my clit with his thumb. I closed my
  eyes. I wasn't a virgin, but I had not had sex with a lot of men. I had never
  imagined myself having sex with a man on command. I had never had sex while
  in restraints before. Oh I know, the Devil's Den with Lucky, but I wasn't sure
  that was real. I think that was just Lucky's hypnosis.  
It was Mrs. Martino's command that I have sex and I did not want to cross
  her. With my eyes closed, I imagined that it was my boy friend Jack who was
  stroking my cunt. I could feel my muscles relax somewhat as the image of Jack
  came into my mind. The pleasant image of Jack stimulating me with his fingers
  was very enjoyable. I started to get in the mood. I could feel the warmth in
  my belly. There was a small moan that I could not keep from escaping from my
  lips. With his other hand, Jack reached up and pulled on the little rings in
  my nipples. It felt oh so good. Jack knew how to get me going. I knew that
  I was getting close to orgasm. Jack's hand in my cunt was reaching all of my
  most erotic places. I knew that I was wet. I was rocking my hips rhythmically
  as Jack stroked my clit. Jack and I were in tune with each other as the volume
  of my coming orgasm grew inside me. Jack gave a hard pinch to one of my very
  erect nipples. The very pleasant pain triggered the orgasm. I came very hard.
  My whole body tensed and shook as the orgasm traveled from my cunt to my tits
  and back to my cunt. Jack continued to stimulate my clit in an effort to keep
  my orgasm going as long as possible. Finally with one whole body spasm, I climaxed.
  I remained tense for a moment and then my body relaxed.  
"This cow is ready." It was the ugly raspy voice of Mrs. Martino. I opened
  my eyes. Mitch was just taking his hand away from my cunt. She was standing
  right next to the lounge chair on which I was lying, looking down at me. How
  I hated this woman, but I dare not let it show. I forced a small smile to my
  lips as I looked up at her.  
Mrs. Martino handed Mitch a beach towel which he spread out on the deck next
  to Mrs. Martino's chair. Once he had the towel spread out, he told me to lie
  down on it and helped me down to the deck since I still didn't have the use
  of my hands. I was lying on my back. Mitch then went over to where Mrs. Martino
  was and stood before her. I couldn't see exactly what they were doing, but
  it looked like Mrs. Martino was doing something to Mitch's leather jock strap.  
When Mitch turned around, the pouch of his jock strap had been removed. His
  erect cock was about six inches long and somewhat thick with his balls hanging
  below. His pubic area was covered with thick black hair; a stark contrast to
  my totally bald pussy.  
I kept telling myself to be cool. There was nothing I could do right now
  that wouldn't just result in another punishment. I didn't need any more punishment
  right now. My head still ached and my ass still stung from earlier so I decided
  that I needed to just accept it without argument.  
Mitch lowered himself down on top of me. I could see the witch watching us
  from only a foot or two away. I had to ignore her and just concentrate on Mitch.
  I closed my eyes.  
He seemed to be aware that I needed some foreplay to get back in the mood
  for him. He began by sucking on my left nipple and using his tongue to play
  with my nipple ring. He was doing it right. I could feel my body respond to
  him. I opened my eyes to see Mitch, but just behind his head was Mrs. Martino.
  I closed my eyes again. It seemed better that I keep my eyes closed. I could
  feel the weight of Mitch pressing down on my body. It felt good.  
Mitch switched to my right tit and nipple. I kept my eyes closed. I just
  ignored the fact that she was there watching us. Mitch's right hand found my
  pussy. He stoked my clit for a few minutes which really got me turned on again.  
"She's wet Mitch, get on with it," said the raspy witch. I ignored her. She's
  not here. She's not here.  
Mitch was in me. He had a very nice rhythm as his cock slid up my cunt, and
  then slid back and then slid up and slid back. It was oh so pleasant. Mitch
  was pumping me fairly fast now. He wasn't trying to be romantic. He just wanted
  to cum and get it over with. I could feel Mitch twitch. I opened my eyes, but
  I didn't see Mrs. Martino.  
He pushed into me as far as he could. His breathing was halting. I could
  feel the pulsating of his cock as he came inside me. When his full load had
  been delivered into my cunt, his whole body relaxed. She reappeared right after
  Mitch came in me. Hopefully, I didn't get pregnant today. Who knows how long
  my luck can hold out?  
Mitch got up from on top of me. I opened my eyes to see Mrs. Martino putting
  his pouch back on and padlocking it into place. Mitch helped me up and unlocked
  my wrists.  
"Mitch, show Lori her duties." In addition to being her sex slave (or was
  I her breading sow?), I was also supposed to do domestic chores. How charming
  I thought. Well, just smile and take it for now. I had to figure a way out
  of this.  
Mitch took me down below to the galley and showed me where to find supplies
  to prepare Mrs. Martino's breakfast.  
"Do you like what you're doing, Mitch?"  
"No, of course not. It's just that I've come to realize that my life isn't
  my own anymore. I have no choice. Neither do you for that matter."  
"Is she going to make us have sex every morning?"  
"Yes, I think so. At least until she's sure that you're pregnant."  
"What did Mrs. Martino do when you were fucking me, Mitch? She seemed to
  disappear from my sight for a minute or two."  
"She got down by my legs. When I came she was holding my balls and she had
  her finger in my ass. I guess that way she feels like she's part of the whole
  thing."  
"Tomorrow, could you not bind my hands?"  
"It's up to her. I do what she tells me to do." He truly was a broken spirit.  
"Mitch, leave my wrists unbound. I'll pretend that they are locked behind
  my head just like today even though they aren't. Can you do that for me?" I
  went over and gave him a kiss as I asked this.  
"I don't think I can, Lori. I'm sorry, I just can't."  
I fixed Mrs. Martino's breakfast and served it to her. Mitch and I ate in
  the galley. Following breakfast, Mitch let me use the head again. Later in
  the day, I fixed lunch for Mrs. Martino by myself. Mitch was busy on the bridge.
  The boat evidently has GPS and autopilot, but Mitch still needed to check on
  it quite often. I was a help to him by freeing him from his other duties.  
After lunch, I cleared Mrs. Martino's dishes and asked her if she needed
  anything else. The witch actually smiled at me. With all the will power I had,
  I smiled back to her. "Come here child," she said to me. I came and stood next
  to her. Without saying anything else, she gently ran her hand over my belly.
  She touched each of my tits and played gently with the rings. She touched my
  cunt slit with one finger but she didn't put her finger into me. I stood as
  still as I could. Inside I was repulsed by her, but I knew that I could jeopardize
  everything if is resisted. I forced myself to smile. "Turn around child." I
  turned my back to her. She ran her hand over my red, tortured and whipped ass. "This
  will heal up quickly. You must be sure that you never deserve another whipping,
  child. No run along with those dishes."  
By dinner time, Mrs. Martino had moved into the salon which is a large room
  with chairs, tables, television, etc. I served Mrs. Martino her dinner and
  then went up to the bridge to bring dinner to Mitch. It was starting to get
  a little chilly at night. I guessed that we must be heading north. The chill
  on the bridge was especially noticeable since both Mitch and I were nude. I
  gave him his dinner as he worked, then I kissed him. Mitch responded with a
  passionate kiss and a caress of my tits and my ass. I didn't try to stop him
  as I needed his cooperation. I snuggled as close to him as I could. I kind
  of like this guy.  
While Mitch worked with the various dials and equipment on the bridge I sat
  in a chair facing him. I smiled at him. Without seeming too obvious, I sat
  in such a way that he could see my tits and my pussy. This was actually somewhat
  difficult for me since my ass was still pretty raw, but I needed Mitch. I couldn't
  escape Mrs. Martino without his help. Despite the pain in my rear, I sat trying
  to look as sexy as I could for him.  
When Mitch had finished his duties he came over to me and we kissed again.
  He, of course, was still wearing that locked leather jock strap. But he had
  something else in mind. He lifted me up to sit on the high stool from which
  he captains the boat.  
"Lie back and spread you legs, sweetie." Mitch's voice was almost a whisper.
  I leaned back in the chair and spread my legs open. A moment later, I felt
  Mitch's tongue penetrating into my cunt. His tongue felt so smooth and pleasant.
  Waves of pleasure began to emanate from between by legs. I put my knees up
  on Mitch's shoulders. His attentions to my pussy were so very pleasant. After
  a few minutes Mitch found my clit. The tip of his tongue began making very
  small circles around my clit. I was getting very warm despite the cool night
  breeze and my nakedness. Mitch sensed my excitement and reached up to begin
  playing with my tits. My breathing became halting as the pressure built inside
  me. I came with a resounding spasm in my whole body. I couldn't help myself
  from moaning even though I didn't want the witch to hear what we were doing.
  Mitch continued to stimulate my clit throughout my orgasm and he finally stopped
  when he felt me relax. I was exhausted.  
Mitch withdrew from my pussy and climbed up to give me a kiss. His face was
  covered with my pussy juices. I didn't care. His tongue that had just been
  in my cunt was now at the back of my throat. I responded to his every move.
  I could tell that he was very excited. If he hadn't been wearing his chastity
  belt, I'm sure he would have been inside me. "You'll have your chance again
  tomorrow sweat heart," I told him. He smiled and kissed me again.  
After all this I had something to eat myself, I cleared the dishes and began
  washing up and putting things away. Mitch came down from the bridge and was
  in the salon with Mrs. Martino. I could hear her say to Mitch how nice I was
  turning out. It just took one whipping to break me. Now I was not a trouble
  maker at all. So far so good I thought.  
Mitch came into the galley and told me that Mrs. Martino was retiring for
  the night. Mitch told me that she had the largest cabin to herself and kept
  the door locked and her gun by her side. That was not a problem, since I had
  no intention of attacking her in her cabin.  
When all my chores were done, Mitch took me back to the storage closet and
  locked me in for the night. I was able to sleep much more soundly the second
  night on the boat. I had my plan, now all I had to do was execute it.  
Mitch came to get me early the next morning. Once again, he led me up on
  deck. Mrs. Martino was lying on the aft deck wearing a different but similar
  light skirt and blouse. The sunglasses and a wide brimmed straw hat were the
  same.  
Mitch led me over to where Mrs. Martino was sunbathing. I stood at attention
  next to her lounge chair just as I had the day before. Mrs. Martino looked
  up at me and smiled and once again patted my stomach a few times with her left
  hand. I made sure to smile at her often.  
"Put your hands behind your head, Lori," said Mitch. I put my hands behind
  my head and Mitch locked them in place, or at least he seemed to. This was
  the crucial point in my plan. If Mitch locked my hands, I was helpless. If
  he didn't, then the plan was on.  
I couldn't tell right away without pulling my hands apart, so I just kept
  them together and smiled a lot.  
Once again, Mrs. Martino handed Mitch a beach towel which he spread out on
  the deck next to Mrs. Martino's lounge chair. While he was doing this, and
  Mrs. Martino seemed to be concentrating on Mitch, I pulled my hands apart enough
  to know that I was not shackled today.  
Mitch helped me to lie down on the towel. As he helped me down, I kept my
  fingers tight together so as not to let on that I was actually free.  
Mitch spent about five minutes, at Mrs. Martino's direction, stimulating
  me to an almost orgasm. It wasn't that hard to do since I was excited this
  morning. I was excited because my plan was coming together.  
Mitch then went over to where Mrs. Martino was seated and stood before her
  so that she could unlock his jock strap. The thought occurred to me that she
  must unlock that thing other times too or how else does he go to the bathroom?
  Well no matter, that is not my concern right now.  
Mitch's erect cock was ready for me. After our activities last night, I knew
  that he would be looking forward to this morning. There was no mistaking his
  eagerness as he lowered himself down on top of me.  
Once again, she was watching us from only a foot or two away. Unlike yesterday,
  I didn't close my eyes. Mrs. Martino watched, and I smiled at her. She seemed
  to like this.  
Mitch started once again by sucking on my left nipple and using his tongue
  to play with my nipple ring. I was already excited thinking about what I was
  about to do. I knew that I was already wet and ready for him. I let him know
  by wrapping my legs around his waist. Mitch stopped sucking my tit and started
  to enter me. It was then that Mrs. Martino moved to her position between Mitch's
  legs.  
I could feel Mitch pressing down on me. He once again had his very nice rhythm
  as his cock slid up my cunt, and then slid back and then slid up and slid back.
  Mitch was having much more fun today. He wasn't trying to hurry and get it
  done. He was making it last as long as he could.  
Mitch had been pumping me for about two minutes when I felt the finger in
  my ass. Well, it seems Mrs. Martino had a surprise for me as well. That was
  fine with me; it certainly let me know exactly where she was.  
I unclasped my hands from behind my head. With my right hand I reached out
  for Mrs. Martino's purse under the lounge chair. The .38 was right on top.
  My hand was on the handle and I took it out of her purse. I slid the safety
  off and put the gun behind my head. My hands went back to the shackled position
  again. Mitch saw what I was doing, but he said nothing. He merely continued
  to fuck me.  
I felt Mitch twitch. He pushed into me as far as he could. His breathing
  was halting. I could feel his pulsing cock as he came inside me. Finally he
  relaxed. I felt Mrs. Martino's finger slide out of my ass.  
Mrs. Martino sat back down on her lounge chair. After a moment, Mitch got
  up and stood before her as she relocked his leather jock strap. Then Mitch
  stepped back as if to help me up from the floor. I came up to a kneeling position
  holding the gun on Mrs. Martino. Mrs. Martino gave made a loud cry as she saw
  her own weapon trained on her. I didn't give her a chance to complain further.
  I fired twice hitting her in the forehead and in the mouth. Mrs. Martino's
  dead body fell to the deck with a thud.  
Blood was pouring from the hole in Mrs. Martino's head. There was blood everywhere.
  Mitch was covered in splattered blood; I was literally drenched in her blood.
  It didn't matter. All that mattered was that she was dead. That's one, I thought,
  and Lucien Mortimer will be two.  
Mitch seemed stunned by what had happened. He was, after all, still a broken
  man. I decided that I needed to take charge. "Mitch, get something to wrap
  that body in and dump it in the ocean." Mitch said nothing. He left and returned
  in a few moments with a small tarp. We wrapped Mrs. Martino in the tarp and
  dumped her body over the back of the boat.  
The deck was covered with blood. Luckily, the deck was fiberglass. Mitch
  had a hose that he used first to hose us down and then to hose down the deck.
  That got rid of most of the blood. I would spend a good deal of the next two
  days scrubbing the deck to get rid of the rest.  
The next order of business was to free ourselves. I went into Mrs. Martino's
  purse and found her keys. I used one key to unlock Mitch's jock strap and his
  collar. I looked down and for the first time saw Mitch's cock in its rest position.
  For a moment, I giggled as I realized that, without his collar, Mitch was totally
  nude. Next, Mitch released me from my collar. We spent the rest of the day
  naked. After all what did it matter at this point? It was actually much easier
  to clean everything up while we were nude.  
Mitch turned the boat around and we headed back to Puerto Rico. He told me
  that we had more than enough fuel and food to stay out here for ten days if
  we liked, but I told him that we had to get back. As the sun set and the air
  became cooler, Mitch asked me to take Mrs. Martino's keys and unlock her cabin.
  He thought that his clothes would be in there and he would like a jacket.  
Sure enough, Mitch's clothes were in a closet in Mrs. Martino's cabin. I
  picked out a nice casual outfit for him together with a windbreaker. From Mrs.
  Martino's own clothes, I found a nice pair of shorts and a blouse. I found
  a windbreaker for me as well and deck shoes.  
I took the clothes up to the bridge. Mitch and I both got dressed on the
  bridge.  
Once we were wearing clothes, I think that Mitch finally accepted that we
  were free. He gave me a big kiss, but it was different then the others. This
  was more a kiss of relief as if I had saved him. I told him that we saved ourselves.
  I reminded him that he took the first chance when he left my hands unbound.  
Our dinner that night was especially tasty. We didn't have to eat in the
  galley any more, so we ate on the deck. Mitch said that he was going to stay
  on the bridge that night. He had a small bunk next to the controls. He handed
  me the keys and told me to go exploring. Sure enough, I found four other cabins
  which were all locked. Well no more sleeping on the floor in the storage closet.
  I picked out one of the cabins and went to sleep.  
Mitch had been instrumental in helping me escape from Mrs. Martino. He too
  had been her slave. Nonetheless, I was still wary about him. I really didn't
  know anything about Mitch. It was good that he was up on the bridge. I locked
  the door of my cabin and slept with the gun next to my pillow.  
The next morning, I got up early, very refreshed, and fixed a good breakfast.
  I took a serving up to the bridge for Mitch. Mitch smiled when he saw me. He
  was looking over a chart of Puerto Rico.  
"I've been thinking, Lori. We definitely don't want to go back to the same
  marina we left from. I thought we should go to this one." He pointed to a spot
  on the chart. "I know the guy who runs it and it's far enough away from the
  other one that none of those psychos will see us coming. What are we going
  to do when we get to Puerto Rico?"  
"You're going to let me off in Puerto Rico. After that, as far as I'm concerned,
  this is your boat and you can go wherever you like with it."  
"What are you going to do, Lori?"  
"First, I'm going to my hotel and get my friend, Rachel. Then we are getting
  the hell out of Puerto Rico and then I'm calling the cops." Mitch just nodded
  in agreement.  
After breakfast, we both stripped out of our clothes again. It was so much
  easier to clean up when we were naked, and there was still a lot of blood in
  different places on the deck.  
Mitch came down from the bridge at lunch time and we made love in the salon.
  It wasn't like the other times. This time we made love because we wanted to.
  Somehow Mitch was still broken. I can't put my finger on it, but he would still
  need some help getting back to normal.  
By the end of the day, I finally thought that I had cleaned up all the blood
  from the deck. I took a shower and got dressed for dinner with Mitch.  
The following day, we docked at the marina run by Mitch's friend. We tied
  up and Mitch began checking various things on the boat. I was dressed in one
  of Mrs. Martino's outfits complete with sunglasses and straw hat. I found several
  hundred dollars in her purse. I took two hundred and gave the rest to Mitch.
  I gave him a kiss goodbye. He took me in his arms and gave me a big heavy kiss.
  I didn't resist, but I was focused on the things facing me the rest of the
  day. I wished Mitch well and got off the boat.  
In the marina parking lot I was able to find a taxi cab. I checked the driver
  carefully, as well as his picture ID before getting in. I told him to go to
  my hotel. This time, I watched very carefully as he drove to the hotel. I wasn't
  going to allow any wrong turns. I still had Mrs. Martino's gun in Mrs. Martino's
  purse that I was now carrying.  
The cab pulled up in front of the hotel. I paid the driver and went inside.
  I asked at the front desk for a spare room key and went up to our room. As
  I went in, I saw Rachel sitting on the bed. When she saw me, she screamed.  
"Lori!! Where the hell have you been? I've been worried sick about you. Why
  didn't you call me? You've been gone for four days!"  
She gave me a hug before she was finally calm enough for me to talk to her.
  I sat down on the bed with her and began to tell her the story of the last
  four days, ending with our arrival back at the marina.  
Rachel sat and listened to my story with only the occasional "I told you
  so." When I finished, she still sat silently for a while. I had the definite
  impression that she was at least skeptical about what had happened to me. "You
  don't believe me, do you Rachel?"  
"Well, Lori, it is a little bit incredible. I'm not saying that I don't believe
  you, I'm just trying to take it all in."  
"Look at this, Rachel." I opened my blouse and took off my bra. Rachel let
  out a gasp as she saw my enlarged tits and the nipple rings. "Okay, now look
  at this." I opened the purse and took out the .38. "This is the gun that I
  used to kill Mrs. Martino."  
"Lori, I understand what you're saying, but let me ask you this. If Lucky
  does all these tricks with his hypnotism, how does he make your boobs bigger?"  
"I don't know how he did that, Rachel. I just know that he's behind this
  whole thing."  
"What are you planning now?"  
"I was going to get off this island and then call the cops, but I changed
  my mind. I've got a gun. I'm going over to Lucky's house and I'm going to kill
  him like I killed Mrs. Martino." Rachel let out a gasp. We sat in silence for
  several minutes.  
Finally, Rachel took my hand in hers and said, "Lori, I want you to consider
  a completely different interpretation of everything that happened to you."  
I had no idea where she was going with this. "What are you talking about
  Rachel?"  
"I would like you to just calm down for a minute, put the gun down and listen
  to me." I put the gun back in Mrs. Martino's purse. "Okay, good. Consider the
  possibility that Mr. Mortimer did not betray you." I looked at her wondering
  where she was getting this from. "Relax please, Lori." I took a breath and
  relaxed. I was willing to listen to my best friend. "Lori you have something
  stuck in your eye. Hold still please."  
Rachel moved very close to my face and was staring into my eyes. In a minute,
  I realized that she was doing the Lucky stare. Her stare was mesmerizing. I
  couldn't look away. It felt like she was drilling into my skull. Finally, I
  closed my eyes.  
A moment later, I opened my eyes. Sitting across from me was not Rachel,
  but Lucky. I reached for my purse and gun, but I realized that they were no
  longer on my lap. In fact, nothing was on my lap. Once again I was nude. I
  jumped up from my chair and ran to the door. Three of Lucky's nymphets stopped
  me. I looked back at Lucky with pure hatred. Lucky was laughing.  
"Please, Lori, come sit down again, I won't hurt you, I promise."  
"Yeah, the last time you sold me into slavery."  
"Did I really? Or was that just part of your fantasy?"  
"What are you saying? The fantasy ended. I had not done it right, remember?
  And then I left here and took a cab back to my hotel but you had me hijacked,
  stripped and sold as a sex slave!"  
Lucky laughed again. "Think about it Lori. Did that really happen or was
  that all fantasy?"  
"But the fantasy ended. I didn't do it right. I had the wrong attitude."  
"You thought the fantasy ended, but it continued. Your attitude changed because
  you finally accepted the fantasy as real. Once you believed it was real, you
  were able to live another life, that's the real fantasy to live a life other
  than your own. Think about it for a moment, Lori. Are you proud of yourself
  for what you did in a crisis? Will you ever forget what happened to you? Would
  it have been the same if you kept saying 'it's not real, it's not real' as
  you were earlier?"  
"But it was so real. It was real. How could it have not been real?"  
"Lori, take a look at your breasts." I looked down at my tits. They were
  back to their original size and there were no piercings. My right hand shot
  down to my pussy. "No, Lori, you don't have one down there either. Now you
  are really back in the world, and you've had a really great adventure."  
Two of the nymphets brought me my clothes and helped me get dressed. My clothes
  had been still hanging up in the hidden closet. They had not been torn to shreds
  by Big Bubba. My bra fit. I was still having some problems accepting all of
  this. This was too fantastic for words.  
When I was completely dressed, Lucky offered me some ice tea. I declined. "Well
  Lori, the cab is waiting at the gate to take you back to your hotel. I hope
  that you enjoyed your adventure. Do you think that you can come back tomorrow
  and do another one?"  
I was still trying to process what had happened. I was still very confused.
  I was still very mad at Lucky, but at the same time not sure that I should
  be mad at him. I couldn't believe that he wanted me to try it again; certainly
  not tomorrow. It was going to take me quite a while to sort through what I
  was feeling. If I was ever ready to do it again, it wouldn't be for some time.  
I had killed a woman that I hated. I had made passionate love to Mitch. We
  had spent four days running around the ocean on a yacht and we had been nude
  the whole time. Lucky had betrayed me and sold me as a sex slave. I had been
  disciplined and punished in some very painful ways. I had experienced every
  emotion that I could possibly think a woman could experience and now I was
  just supposed to accept that none of it was real.  
"I don't think so, Lucky. Thanks for you hospitality, but I think I will
  spend the rest of my vacation just being a tourist."  
"Lori, if you ever get the urge, I'm always here. Please stop in any time
  you like."  
"Thanks, Lucky, but I don't think I'll be coming back here." I walked out
  the door and down the path to the front gate. I opened the gate and saw the
  cab waiting. I checked the driver and his ID carefully before getting in. The
  drive back to the hotel was uneventful.  
When I got back to the room, Rachel was there, in bed with some guy she had
  snagged with her dental floss bikini on the beach. Rachel was on her back with
  her legs wrapped tightly around his waist. I noticed that he had a very tight
  hard ass. She gave a yell when she saw me come in. I shut the door and waited
  outside laughing as I left. In a few minutes, the guy came stumbling out, somewhat
  embarrassed. I went in, chuckling to myself.  
"I thought you were going to be gone the whole day!" said Rachel rather sternly.  
"How long have I been gone?"  
"You only left ninety minutes ago."  
"Sorry, Rachel, someday I'll tell you what I did in those ninety minutes.
  I'm sorry about your boyfriend."  
"It's okay, he wasn't that good in bed anyway." We looked at each other for
  a moment and then both began to laugh.  
The rest of our vacation was uneventful. We saw El Moro Castle and lots of
  other sights of the island. Rachel got laid again later in the week. Personally,
  I had had enough. I took myself out for a nice dinner while Rachel and her
  boy toy used the room.  
I thought quite a lot about Lucky and all that had happened. It was going
  to take me some time to sort everything out. I still had the slip of paper
  that Lucky gave me with his phone number on it. It was in my purse, in my wallet.
  I didn't know if I would be calling him again or not, but I wanted to leave
  the possibility open.  
Who knows what will happen? I certainly don't.  
&copy;2004, Oralia Cruz  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Oralia Cruz


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





