BDSM Library - The Lost Prince--A Ponygirl Epic




The Lost Prince--A Ponygirl Epic
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: I wanted to come up with a realistic scenario involving ponygirls.  The story is set in a post-apocalyptic world where technology is nearly dead and germ warfare has killed off all beasts of burden.  Inspired by Transceptor, by Michael Manning/Patrick Conlon. Inquisadora  
 With rings on her nipples that shake to and fro,  
 She shall have music wherever she goes.  
 A smile, a wink, a lick of the lips,  
 Start the ordeal all face in her grip.  
 She'll pierce your flesh, burn off your short hairs,  
 Rings, brands, and whipmarks she'll help you to wear.  
 Candlewax, clamps, needle and thread,  
 Enemas, dogstick, her hand past the wrist,  
 Plugs, studded shafts, and, if you've earned it,  
 She'll make your pink flesh hum with electrical current.  
 Sweat, shudder, shake &ndash; scream if you want,  
 Her only response'll be to tighten the knot.  
 In no time at all you'll start answering questions,  
 Obey commands, follow suggestions.  
All fare the same, be they lady or whore,  
 When it's over and done with  
 They each yearn for more.  
 Popular tavern song from the reign of Queen Caprice  
 Author unknown  
Minok climbed the stairs slowly, age long ago having
  stolen most of the spring from her step. The marble stairs were covered with
  a wide runner, handmade and exquisitely beautiful. It had been made and cut
  specifically for these stairs, and there wasn't a gap or a wrinkle as the wide
  stairway curved down to the hall below. There were guards there, one on each
  side of the stairs, as there were above her where the covered steps ended.
  They were the largest, strongest, fiercest, finest trained guards the kingdom
  could produce, and they watched over the entire palace environs, not just this
  one bedroom.  
 Minok reached the upper landing and paused a second,
  slightly out of breath. Then she made sure her robes were in order and strode
  into the royal bedchamber.  
 This area of the palace was constructed mainly
  of marble of the finest grade, peach in color but with many veins of different
  colors running through it. In the spacious bedroom most of the veins were brown
  or dark red in color. They ran through the towering columns to the arched ceiling
  some thirty feet above.  
 The Queen was on her huge bed, apparently just
  awake. Minok stopped near the doorway and kept her own counsel as the form
  on the bed stretched and yawned. An afternoon nap, perhaps? The Queen, unfortunately,
  took no one's counsel, at least not seriously. In fact, she took little seriously,
  a fact her advisors, of which Minok was one, were well aware. Some of that
  was of course due to her age, but there were other considerations as well.
  She could hardly be expected to have the worldliness required of a queen knowing
  nothing but a life of unlimited privilege. Her advisors had made the queen's
  bed and now had to lie in it, so to speak.  
The sheets were gold silk and in disarray, half
  on the floor. The Queen sat up amidst the folds and scooted forward to put
  her bare feet on the floor, which was covered by another magnificent hand-woven
  rug. The Queen's thick auburn hair was cut short to just below her ears and
  tousled from her nap. It framed a heart-shaped, boyish face that matched well
  her slender body. The Queen glanced sideways at her advisor waiting patiently
  by the doorway but pretended not to see her. Minok was used to that.  
The young woman stood and walked casually toward
  the wide open doors leading onto the sun-drenched balcony. She wore but loose
  drawstring pants riding low on her hips, made of a fine white linen that was
  revealed to be sheer as she strode into the warm sunlight. Minok moved to the
  balcony, stopping in the shade of the doors. Guards were stationed out here
  on the balcony as well but both women ignored them. Female guards, as was the
  rule when the monarch was an uncrowned queen. Not that she couldn't order a
  pretty slave boy to her chambers at any time, but the ladies of the court secretly
  felt the queen would be better off (and perhaps easier to control) if she favored
  females, and they did all in their power to make it so. The queen was known
  to have dallied with a few palace boys but seemed to prefer her many maids,
  much to the delight of the shadow court. Minok wasn't sure if the queen even
  registered the presence of the guards anymore, or had ever noticed the subtle
  signs of the real security systems guarding the balcony from both air and ground
  attack.  
Queen Verveginnia raised her arms above her head
  and stretched once more, feeling the warmth of the sun and the gentle breeze
  across her skin, then set her hands on her hips and stared out at her realm.
  The palace was atop a large hill and many stories high, with her bedroom on
  the top floor; she could see nearly the entire city laid out before her, all
  the way to the sea. Huge butterflies drifted up from the garden far below,
  butterflies and the smell of hundreds of flowers. A small army of laborers
  tended the palace's many gardens, feeding, watering, weeding, and fertilizing
  every day of the year. Beyond the garden, with its butterflies, flowers, and
  statuary (which provided most of the manure used to fertilize the flowers &ndash; the
  flagella gave them the opportunity to relieve themselves going to or returning
  from their display station) was the first ring wall. A field of roofs, some
  trimmed in copper blazing in the sun, separated by courtyards large and small,
  filled the spaces between the next few ringwalls. Past the fourth ringwall
  the city proper began, and stretched all the way down to the hazy blue sea
  in the distance. The sights and smells of ten thousand people, the lifeblood
  that made the city what it was, drifted up to her, the same as it did every
  day.  
"I'm bored," she said petulantly as if to herself,
  kicking a toe against the waist-high wall encircling the balcony.  
"Milady?" Minok had heard her quite well, but it
  was obvious the young ruler was in one of her many moods. From behind the young
  royal looked even more the picture of a young boy, with hips barely wide enough
  to keep the pantalones from sliding off.  
The queen spun around and crossed her arms across
  her chest. "Bored," she said again, a mite churlishly, giving her closest advisor
  an annoyed look.  
Minok raised an eyebrow. "Perhaps I can arrange
  for some entertainment for your highness," she offered. "Special pony races,
  perhaps, or some games in the garden&mdash;"  
The queen frowned and waved a hand in dismissal. "I've
  seen everything this city has to show me," she stated flatly.  
Minok ignored the absurdity of the statement and
  tried to placate her queen. "Maybe we&mdash;"  
"Do you realize I've been Queen almost ten years
  and I've never been west of the River?" she demanded of her advisor.  
"Well, Milady, your mother died when you were quite
  young, I don't think ten years&mdash;"  
The queen rolled her eyes and stomped back into
  the dark bedroom. She threw herself sideways onto one of the divans in a huff,
  eyes following Minok as the aged woman came back into the bedroom, her face
  set in an unreadable mask.  
"Don't make that face at me," the queen warned
  her. "You know very well it's true."  
"Your highness, while it is true, I don't think
  it's wise to take the occasion of some simple boredom to consider traipsing
  into the wilds of the realm." Ignorance of the realm and all its doings has
  been perfectly satisfactory for you up until now, the advisor could have added,
  had she wanted a personal appointment with the royal inquisadora  .
  Had she ever been that young? Just looking at the queen's body made her feel
  old. Her small breasts didn't fold over even when she was slouching insolently
  on the divan.  
"How am I supposed to rule, knowing nothing of
  the majority of my country?" the queen demanded, brows knit together. "I will
  be of age in less than two years, as you well know." She stabbed a finger at
  a bodymaid standing hobbled in a corner and the maid immediately shuffled forward,
  chains tinkling. She was one of three standing still as stones in the dark
  corners, waiting to be called into service.  
The slave girls who served the queen and court
  as bodymaids wore naught during the warm season but their toeboots and metals.
  They &ndash; as were all the handmaids and attendants in the palace, collectively
  known as thrallflesh &ndash; were handpicked from the city's nurseries. The
  exacting royal dominii  raised them in their secret school,
  training and conditioning them from the earliest age possible. They were only
  placed in the palace, and released into the care of the flagella  ,
  the palace flesh tenders, when the dominii   were satisfied.
  It was said nothing short of perfection pleased the dominii,   but
  truth be told, most of their charges entered service by the first bloom of
  womanhood.  
Not just from their bodies but every hair from
  the bodymaids' heads had been removed as well, their skulls kept oiled and
  glistening. The custom dated back to the black years and no one was wont to
  change such a longstanding tradition even though lice were no longer a problem.
  Two light silver chains depended from the center of their collars, each chain
  running down and through a nipple ring before reaching their pure silver wrist
  bracelets. The chains were long enough for a maid to touch her own face with
  outstretched fingers and no longer. Thus they were prevented from touching
  themselves. Even though they were forbidden from doing so without permission
  most were still suffering the blooming surges of maturity, not to mention the
  fact that the air of their sleeping quarters was a constant haze from chukka
  root incense. The maid's boots were connected at the ankle by a hobble chain
  just four small links long.  
"The people expect me to know their wishes, their
  desires, their day to day strife. I have seen enough to know that most of my
  realm is not like this." She lifted one bare foot onto the divan and reclined
  slightly as she waved her hand at the city past the balcony, nearly striking
  the bodymaid as she knelt before her. "Am I to become psychic?  
"Milady, might I suggest that that is why you have
  your royal advisors, to help you make those difficult decisions. Collectively
  we have a vast knowledge of the land-"  
"Yes," the queen interrupted sharply, "and how
  did you get that knowledge? By staying locked up in the palace all your life,
  being chauffeured around in guarded coach, never setting foot on ground that
  hasn't been surveilled and sterilized thrice over? I think not!"  
"Milady, this is perhaps not the best time to contemplate
  leaving the city. There are many important issues coming before the court."  
The queen waved her hand almost in disgust. "Bring
  them to the attention of the court harpies, the aristocratic Ladies  ," the
  word was dirty in her mouth, "that make the real decisions. No, don't try to
  deny it. They make a show of consulting me, but we both know it is but a show.
  I know you are my ally, perhaps the only one I have in the royal court, and
  you know as well as I that I am not yet the ruler of this land, even though
  my time draws near." Queen by birth or not, she could not officially take the
  throne for another nineteen months. She glanced down briefly at the gleaming
  skull working between her thighs. The faint tinkling of chains could be heard.
  Her baggy pantalones, as well as most of her lounging pants, were split-crotch,
  the two pantlegs connected not at all except at the drawstring front and back.
  They provided the bodymaid complete and easy access. "That will change, and
  soon, don't you worry, but before I dig my teeth into this back-stabbing poisonous
  life I want to see the realm my mother has left me." She smacked the maid sharply
  on the top of her head. "More tongue!" she commanded.  
"Milady, a simple trip just to the nearest of the
  territories would take weeks. Ponies can only travel so far in a day. The logistics
  . . . . we'd need a second coach just for food and supplies, and a third for
  the guard, not to mention&mdash;"  
"No no no," the queen cut her off. "I do not want
  to ride a mile-long circus train into the desert. One coach, with a handful
  of trusted guards, you, a maid, and myself. I want to be inconspicuous. We
  will bring money and jewels and buy what we need along the way. We will travel
  north first, then west, and see what we shall see. Among other things I wish
  to visit an inseminarium. You will arrange the details, you know better than
  I what will be required."  
Minok was horrified, not the least by the thought
  of traveling hundreds of miles of rough road in a bumpy carriage. She desperately
  tried another tack, even though she knew how pointless it was to try to change
  the young queen's mind once it was made up. "Milady, perhaps if you knew .
  . . now is not the best time to be leaving the safety of the city. There are
  rumors &ndash; nothing substantial, mind you, but rumors nonetheless &ndash; that
  factions here or abroad are unhappy with the thought of you assuming the throne.
  They&mdash;"  
"So what else is new? The old women downstairs
  have been grumbling at my very existence since the day my mother died. I've
  grown a thick skin. Give me no more arguments! I've not sent anyone to the Inquisadora   for
  weeks and she grows restless. You'll not stand up to her idle hands as well
  as the drunken commoner wenches they tell me she lures from taverns. Leave
  me be."  
"As your Highness wishes." Minok began backing
  out of the bedroom.  
"I do. I want to leave the morning after next.
  I expect you to have all the arrangements made by then."  
Having said all she wished to say the queen turned
  to look out the open balcony doors and Minok took her cue to depart. The queen
  sighed and cupped her chin in a palm. Two golden butterflies flapped in silent
  figure eights above the balcony's marble, swimming in a haze of pollen particles
  lit up in the sun. From the divan she could just see the haze that marked the
  edge of the sea, and faint specks that had to be gulls circling over the beach.
  From the garden far below the sounds of a gardening crew drifted up to her,
  singing a work song in unison softly. The queen glanced down again at the maid
  kneeling before her. Even her experienced tongue, split as it was and with
  its many studs, wasn't enough to bring her out of her funk.  
"Bored," she said again, listlessly.  
 CHAPTER ONE  
 Daka grunted, digging his fingers into the dusty soil to get a better grip
  on the stubborn root. In this dry land the only plants that survived were those
  with deep reaching tap roots. This one's leaves spread out less than the width
  of his hand, but he knew its root system dove down at least two feet.  
 He jerked and felt the root snap somewhere below. He pulled the weed away
  from the young spinach plant, noting the root had snapped off a foot down.
  It would return, of that he had no doubt.  
 His calloused fingers barely felt the sharp spines that covered the weed.
  Stickweed, it was called. Totally inedible, otherwise it would head straight
  into the boiling pot. Vegetables were too scarce to waste, but no one could
  eat stickweed. Well, no human.  
 Daka scooted down the row and knelt at the next cluster of weeds. His hands
  were a deep brown where they emerged from his baggy rove. The harsh sun had
  turned him the color of the ground he knelt on, bleached his hair until it
  was a shaggy mop of russet. The roots next to his scalp were black, but the
  sun baked the color out of his hair with the same ferocity that it baked it
  into his skin.  
 The constant wind whistled and moaned through the rusting oil derricks behind
  the garden. They were like a garden themselves, planted in rows stretching
  for over a mile both east and west, and to the south further than the eye could
  see. A dead garden &ndash; none of the derricks had worked in living memory,
  and now sat shrouded in rust as thick as frosting on a cake. They collapsed
  occasionally, usually in the frequent windstorms that swept across the mesa.
  He'd hear a protesting screech of metal, usually followed by a heavy thump,
  but sometimes there was no sound at all. Daka would simply notice the skyline
  had changed, see a pile of twisted brown steel that the day before had been
  thrusting skyward.  
 He wasn't so old that he didn't go exploring the derrick fields occasionally,
  but the Poisoned Soil reportedly began just south of the field and Daka got
  nervous if he went too far in that direction. They said the poison was receding,
  that the wastelands were shrinking every year, but he didn't want to take any
  chances. Nomads passed through every month or two, and Daka had seen the twisted
  bodies of their children. Features warped, missing arms or legs &ndash; or
  both &ndash; at birth. The adults weren't safe from the poisons either, if
  their usually bizarre behavior was any indication. It was because they spent
  too much time scavenging through the lost cities in the wastelands, walking
  for days and weeks on poisoned soil. Orr would never let wasteland nomads stay
  for more than one night. He said it was because he found their behavior too
  erratic and their hygiene nonexistent. The truth was he afraid the invisible
  poisons would seep from them and their clothes into the ground. He made a point
  of quickly bartering away whatever they'd traded for their water, sometimes
  even taking a loss just to be rid of the tainted salvage quickly.  
 Daka finished the row and glanced up. The sun was an unrelenting pressure
  on his head, and under the robe the trickles of sweat ran down his body. Getting
  close to midday, when only fools and crazies worked out in the sun. There was
  a dial on the back of the stable, facing the garden, that Orr had told him
  measured how hot it was, but Daka couldn't see the sense in such a thing. Made
  no difference in how hot it was, and Daka could tell just by stepping outside
  in the morning whether it was going to be a scorcher or not. After a lifetime
  of it he was used to the heat, and today wasn't too bad. The needle pointed
  to just above 110 on the dial, which meant that by midday it'd be near 120.
  Only when it hovered near 130 did the heat begin to bother him. In a few months
  the cold season would begin, and he'd have to start wearing extra layers to
  keep warm as the needle dropped all the way to 80 some nights.  
 He stood up and dusted off his robe, waving his hands for air as he found
  himself enveloped in a grainy cloud, and collected the buckets. The well was
  off a corner of the stable, the pump an ancient cast-iron manual. As open and
  unprotected as it was, they'd never had a problem with water thieves. Every
  visitor always paid or traded for their water, and although there was some
  occasional grumbling, no one had ever tried to cheat or steal from them.  
 Orr operated the water depot under the authority of the appointed Governor
  of the Territory, selling water at the low fixed price set by the Imperial
  treasurer. As the watermaster of Imperial water depot, even one so far removed
  from the palace, Orr would have to report any thievery. As there wasn't a person
  alive in the West who didn't know the penalty for water theft was death, with
  such penalty being rigorously enforced, theft (of water at least) was unheard
  of.  
 Daka filled the two big knee-high buckets and then carried them back towards
  the garden. The desert heat kept him lean as a snake, but years of grueling
  labor had given him a surprising strength. He set one bucket down and began
  carefully watering the rows, taking care to waste no water, tipping the bucket
  and giving each plant its due as he did once every morning and evening.  
 When both buckets were empty he carried them back to the pump to refill.
  The garden, as small as it was this year, still needed eight buckets of water
  every morning and evening to stay healthy. Eighty gallons of water, each and
  every day. It made him appreciate just how valuable the well was.  
 The water that kept the garden alive was, technically, the Queen's, but
  as the watermaster Orr was allowed to grow whatever food he felt necessary
  to stay healthy and operate the depot. If there just happened to be a little
  extra produce that they could sell on the side for a tidy profit to the nutrient-starved
  nomads, well, they just kept quiet about it.  
 Daka was at the pump, refilling the buckets for the last time, when he straightened
  up suddenly and turned around. He looked past the corner of the stable, to
  the east, where the road that connected them with the world ran along the flat
  plain for nearly a mile. It climbed a slight rise before disappearing down
  the back side of the hill into more desolate scrubland.  
 In the raging midday heat nothing was moving; no rabbits hopping from the
  shade of one scraggly bush to another, no rock lizards flitting to and fro
  too quick for the eye to follow, no buzzards circling, waiting for their next
  meal to expire. Even the clicking dung beetles were silent.  
 JoTown was out there, twenty-nine miles to the east across the barren scrubland
  called the Wash, a handful of rickety buildings thrown together around a natural
  spring and a small mine. Two hundred or so souls, more when the diggers hit
  a good vein, it was the closest permanent settlement to them on the Southwest
  Trail.  
 Daka stared at the horizon where the road disappeared into the shimmering
  heat mirage, seeing nothing. No movement, no signs of life, nothing. Hurriedly
  he filled the buckets and carried them back to the garden. With an enviable
  economy of motion earned through thousands of repetitions he finished watering
  the rows a plant at a time, without a single drop splashing awry.  
 He stacked the buckets against the rear wall and moved back toward the pump.
  Now when he stared into the east he could see a faint smudge against the mirage.
  It was on the far side of the rise, above the road, growing larger.  
 The air inside the building was noticeably cooler. Daka felt the sweat cooling
  and drying on his body as he paused just inside the door and waited for his
  eyes to adjust. He found Orr in the front room, mending robes.  
 "Garden weeded and watered, boy?" Orr said in his slow drawl, not looking
  up from his work.  
 "Yes sir."  
 The old man was as thin as a stick and had more wrinkles from decades in
  the sun than most travelers could believe. His leathery skin was permanently
  tanned a deep rich mahogany, even though he spent fewer and fewer hours in
  the sun each day. The stubble on his head matched the grey robe he wore, as
  thin and creased with age as he was. He had four robes, all identical, so much
  so that Daka couldn't tell them apart. He'd been wearing them, and looking
  the same as he did now, for as long as Daka could remember.  
 "There's a carriage coming," Daka blurted. He watched the old man's gnarled
  hands as they wove the big needle in and out of the robe's folds expertly.  
 "Really. This early? From what direction?"  
 "JoTown," Daka told him.  
 "That's a place, not a direction," Orr admonished him. "East is a direction.
  West is a direction. North is a&mdash;"  
 "East."  
 "East," Orr repeated, nodding his head. "What is it?"  
 "Single or a double, from the size of the dust cloud. Small, moving pretty
  fast."  
 "Would have to be, if they left JoTown at sunup and are here already. Pretty
  fast indeed." Orr pursed his lips, thinking. They both knew no one traveled
  the Wash at night. As barren as it was, there were still too many nomads crazy
  from the poisoned soil and wandering bands of thieves to chance journeying
  at night. Even male-heavy caravans got attacked at night in the Wash.  
 "Tanks filled, boy? Stable swept and clean? They come from JoTown this quickly,
  those ponies are going to need some water."  
 "Yes sir."  
 Orr scratched his right eyebrow, then tied his threadwork off with a knot,
  bit the thread and would the remainder back around the spool. With a grunt
  he stood up and looked around the room. Nothing was out of place. Water Depot
  37 was ready for its next visitors.  
 "Well boy, let's head outside and greet our guests," Orr said, slipping
  the spool into his pocket. He was half a head shorter than Daka, and followed
  in his shadow out the front door onto the concrete pad that ran along the front
  of the small building.  
 They peered east along the road, a dirty brown line bisecting a dirty brown
  world. Orr's eyes weren't what they used to be, and he had to squint hard to
  see the black dot of the carriage through the mirage. A modest cloud of dust
  trailed behind it, dissipating slowly in the faint westerly breeze.  
 Daka's eyes were quite a bit sharper than he old man's. He could make out
  the two mounts trotting steadily toward the water depot. The carriage behind
  them was of an unusual shape, and his heart began beating faster with excitement.  
 Daka had been the stable hand at Water Depot 37 since he'd been tall enough
  to unhitch the ponies, and before that he'd helped Orr do it. Daka had very
  little with which to compare it, but Orr's handling and knowledge of ponies
  seemed expert, and the old man had tried &ndash; with some success &ndash; to
  pass those skills on to Daka. Most weeks close to twenty teams crossed his
  path, pulling wagons (open and covered), carriages, even the occasional stagecoach
  running from Emerson to Stanleyville. Singles, doubles, teams of four, six,
  eight, once even a team of twelve heading east from the coast pulling a load
  of silver nuggets he wasn't supposed to see, destined for the palace he was
  sure. The fact that the lines of the approaching carriage were alien to him
  was hard to believe &ndash; and very exciting. If he'd been a few years older
  he might've had the sense to be a little scared, too.  
 Gradually the carriage drew closer, down the gentle slope and into the plain,
  through the mirage until even Orr was able to discern its details. The team
  moved easily through the heat, still in step even after what was perhaps the
  quickest run from JoTown Daka had ever witnessed. Most ponies working the Wash
  would be hard-pressed to do twenty-nine miles before late afternoon.  
 Two hundred yards out the driver reined the ponies back to a fast walk and
  let them take the lead the rest of the way to the depot building. The dust
  cloud caught up to the carriage and enveloped it, then gradually faded away.
  The approaching clip-clopping  echoed across the flat
  landscape.  
 Orr squinted once again as he stared at the black carriage. Unusual styling,
  yes, especially for the Wash, but not a style that he hadn't seen before. It
  had been years, decades in fact, but he recognized it, oh yes he did.  
 "Stay on your toes, boy," he growled to Daka. "Watch your language, and
  your eyes. We've got us a Royal."  
 Heart beating wildly, Daka nodded. He'd suspected as much. His keen eyes
  had roamed over the carriage's graceful styling, the conditioning of the ponies,
  and came to the same conclusion. Try as he might, though, he couldn't force
  his eyes down as the carriage pulled up in front of them and stopped.  
 The mounts huffed and puffed from the journey. They were covered in dust,
  as was the carriage, and sweating freely. The sweat made dark-edged trails
  through the road dust on their muscular haunches, which tensed and relaxed
  as they shifted their weight back and forth. Absently Daka noticed how well
  they were trained, not once turning their heads to look past their blinders
  at him. Three-year-olds, his young but experienced eyes told him. They both
  had thick blonde manes which would have been spectacular if they hadn't been
  so dirty from twenty-nine miles of rough unpaved road.  
 The carriage was small, just wide enough for two people to sit side by side
  without crowding, but deep enough so that the lone occupant was totally lost
  in shadow.  
 As the ponies shuffled restlessly, their harnesses creaking, the driver
  leaned forward into the bright sunlight and pulled back the dusty hood of her
  robe. She regarded the two of them with an even, expressionless gaze for several
  seconds, running her eyes over their plain garb and the aged building before
  speaking.  
 "This is the water station I was told of in JoTown?" she asked in a throaty,
  melodic voice. "The one halfway to Emerson?"  
 "Water Depot 37 is at your service, milady," Orr said deferentially, bowing
  his head slightly. "However, I believe someone may have misinformed you. We
  are twenty-nine miles journey from JoTown; however, it is another fifty-seven
  to Emerson."  
 Their visitor frowned slightly and did a few mental calculations.  
 "Fifty-seven? How is the road?"  
 "As good as from JoTown to here or better, milady, but the last twenty miles
  is quite hilly."  
 There was close to a minute of silence from her as she stared at the two
  of them, thinking. Daka stared back unabashedly. She was beautiful, with straight
  jet black hair falling to her shoulders and slightly asian features. Her lips
  were full, her eyes a vibrant, flashing green. She wore a simple but elegant
  robe of black, grey, and white that made theirs look like rags.  
 The carriage was glossy black with a shiny, rounded roof and four large,
  spindly looking wheels. It seemed quite delicate, but was none the worse for
  wear after the morning's travel. It had probably traveled a lot farther than
  that &ndash; the Lady was no local.  
 "Quite hilly, you say," she said finally. "Well, I was just going to stop
  for water and press on, but my team could for truth use a rest. You have a
  stable, water?"  
 "Yes milady," Orr said, nodding and smiling. "Fully equipped. And the boy
  here is as competent a stablehand as you're going to find anywhere in the territory."  
 "As you say." She left the reins laying inside the carriage and climbed
  down. Daka was surprised to see she was as tall as he. When she turned her
  piercing gaze on him he found himself staring at his feet and blushing without
  knowing why.  
 "My team is dry-mouthed and dusty," she told him. "Water them, wash them
  off, give them something to eat &ndash; you do have feed?"  
 "Yes milady," Daka mumbled. They'd just gotten a fresh supply of PonyMix
  the day before. Although locally produced, the kibble was as good as any to
  be had this side of Big River, a high protein, high fat, vitamin enriched,
  steroid fortified and hormone injected dry food especially formulated for working
  mounts, the basic recipe unchanged now for close to a hundred years.  
 "Good. Don't give them too much, I plan to be on the road again in two hours." She
  eyed the young man, just out of boyhood, skinny as a piece of jerky and about
  the same color after too many hours baking in the sun. She looked to the old
  man. He averted his eyes too, as was proper, but she could see the spark of
  intelligence behind them. He was obviously curious about her, and sharp enough
  to know her presence here in this remote part of the kingdom, this desolate
  dustbowl, was of some import, but he kept his questions to himself. So much
  the better.  
 "Do you have anything to eat?" she asked the top of Orr's stubbly head.  
 "Yes milady. We have a complete garden, with everything that'll grow in
  this heat, and a small chicken coop. The boy here trapped a rabbit yesterday,
  if you'd prefer that. The meat's a little tough, but much tastier than the
  chicken. I can cook him up for you. I can also get the dust out of your clothes
  if you'd like."  
 "That would be fine," she said, and with a swirl of expensive fabric strode
  between he and Daka and disappeared into the building.  
 Orr turned to follow her and saw Daka was staring stupidly after the woman.
  He smacked the boy hard on the back of his head.  
 "Mind your work boy," he whispered. "This isn't some ragtag bunch of nomads
  passing through that doesn't know the difference between piss and PonyMix."  
 "Yes sir."  
 CHAPTER TWO&mdash;THE STABLEBOY  
 Leaving the reins in the carriage Daka grabbed the bit of the nearest mount
  and led the team around the building to the stable's wide double doors. They
  stepped in unison even for him, stopping at the slightest pressure.  
 He opened the stable doors, then unhitched the team from the carriage's
  T-bar one at a time. It was a connection of a type he hadn't seen before, simple
  yet sturdy. Each pony had a steel ring set into its harness in the center of
  its back. At the corners of the T-bar were springloaded steel clips that hooked
  onto the harness rings. Very simple, yet strong.  
 The carriage rolled so smoothly on its bearings it took his breath away
  -- he almost fell trying to pull it into the stable, expecting more resistance.
  He found he could guide the carriage with two fingers, and even coated in gritty
  road dust from the long journey the wheels turned soundlessly. He parked it
  in a corner of the stable and chocked a wheel with a wood block, then went
  back outside to collect the ponies.  
 After a lifetime spent as a stablehand Daka, consciously or not, considered
  himself something of an expert on ponies. The two before him were like none
  he'd ever seen before, although he'd heard stories.  
 Most teams that worked the Wash were lean and dark and stringy with muscle,
  built for long hauls through the desert heat. Most were mixed stock or bred
  from ponies of dubious quality to begin with, overworked, underfed, and poorly
  trained (if at all). As a rule they were painfully thin and covered with the
  gritty dust that blew incessantly across the desolate flatland. The Wash was
  not a rich land by any means or measure, and its residents had to make do with
  what was at hand. Daka more than a few times had to deal with first generation
  ponies broken (more or less) to the bit. They'd been captured and put to work,
  or sold into the bit to pay off a debt. They were usually nothing but trouble,
  but he never had a sharp word for them &ndash; he didn't know how they managed
  it, pulling a wagon through the Wash. He suspected many couldn't, and died
  from the heat.  
 These two were of the finest stock he'd ever seen, at least tenth generation
  he was sure (he'd never seen anything higher than purebred sixth), raised,
  trained, and bred to the bit. They weren't desert ponies, thin and burned the
  color of stained wood, that much he'd seen when they were still a quarter mile
  out. Their legs were freakishly thick with muscle, totally out of proportion
  to their bodies, and while they were lean they couldn't come close to the veined
  stringiness of true desert runners. Even though their legs were more muscular
  than any he'd seen, he still didn't think they were broadmares. Even though
  he'd never seen one, he'd heard stories about the high-gen draws, about how
  big they now were, and these two just didn't have the bulk. Sprinters, perhaps,
  or a racing team. If they had, in fact, done the trip from JoTown in less than
  four hours, that confirmed Daka's suspicions. They'd been panting and sweating,
  sure, but not nearly as much as they should have been. The teams he regularly
  saw would have been exhausted after such a run, cramping up, but he suspected
  it was just the latest leg for these ponies in a journey that had begun far
  to the east of JoTown.  
 As he studied them he wondered perhaps if they were sisters. They were identical
  in every way, so much so that he worried about mixing them up. Left should
  stay on the left when he rehitched them to the carriage. Switching sides might
  confuse them or slow them down, depending on how they'd been trained.  
 After a minute's study, Daka noticed that the right one's ownership mark
  was further down inside the hollow of its left buttock. It was a symbol he
  didn't recognize, flames inside of a circle about the size of his palm. He
  suddenly realized their marks were tattoos, not brands. He wasn't sure he'd
  ever seen that before, a sure sign the ponies came from wealth. For his own
  purposes he began to think of them as High and Low.  
 While he was studying their tattoos Low began to get a little restless,
  shifting her weight back and forth and looking at him with her big brown eyes.
  He knew immediately what was going on and led her a few steps from the stable
  door. She wasted no time, squatting and quickly defecating two small stools
  into the dirt. They were small and hard and nearly black to Daka's eye, indicating
  a steady diet of good quality PonyMix. He kicked dirt over them and made a
  mental note to shovel the dung up later. They stored it in a pile and composted
  it, later using the compost to fertilize the garden.  
 Daka led the two highbred mounts into a cleaning stall by the reins still
  hooked to their bits. He unhooked the reins and draped them over the shoulder-high
  wall. The cleaning stall was cinderblock walls covered with ceramic tile, and
  a concrete floor with a drain in the center. Big enough to fit two ponies side
  by side with room for him to move around without banging into the walls. Inside,
  he could smell their sweaty musk, and the heat coming off their bodies.  
 The tie bar was already attached to the pulleys, so Daka ran the chain hand
  over hand until the bar rose up to eye level. He unhooked High first, unbuckling
  the wide strap than ran across her collarbones and kept the armsleeve from
  slipping off. Once the strap was undone all he had to do was loosen the laces
  at the base of her neck and the sleeve holding High's arms slipped right off.
  Her wrists were cuffed together behind her back, tucked up between her shoulder
  blades, the backs of her hands together. The cuffs were simple bands of leathyr,
  and more traditional than necessary &ndash; once the armsleeve was in place
  her hands weren't going anywhere, cuffed or not. Daka unhooked them, unfolded
  her arms, then brought them around in front of her and hooked her wrists to
  the steel bar hanging before her. She stood docilely by as he freed her arms
  and then resecured them, but then of course he would have been astounded if
  she hadn't &ndash; only first generation ponies ever thought to struggle. Some
  of the captured mounts the nomads brought through . . . Daka shook his head
  at the memory. Some actually tried to talk to him, begged him to release them.
  If their owners heard the result usually was a beating, or worse. He'd learned
  never to unhook the bit of any mare that looked fresh to the life.  
 He quickly did the same for Low, removing her armsleeve and hooking her
  to the bar, then cranked the bar up until their arms were fully outstretched.
  The two were side by side a foot and a half apart, and stared blankly at the
  pitted wall of the stable. He didn't know if it was fatigue or training that
  kept them from paying him much attention.  
 Daka examined the armsleeves with curiosity. At first glance they seemed
  to be just the standard black leathyr pony gear, but his fingers told him that
  it wasn't leathyr, at least not the type he was used to seeing. It was thinner,
  and seemed stronger. It took a year before the acidic ponysweat started pitting
  standard leathyr. He was sure this leathyr would last longer.  
 He kept their gear separate in case they wore slightly different sizes.
  Next he unlaced the steel reinforced corsets with the T-bar rings in back,
  noticing how perfectly they fit. He knew now that the gear was custom made
  for these individual mounts. The corsets were made from the same near-leathyr,
  reinforced with contoured inch-wide vertical steel strips, what used to be
  called "boning". Since the corsets fit so snugly the laces didn't have to be
  nearly so tight. Daka appreciated the workmanship, and not just because it
  would make his job easier when it came time to lace them back up. Their stomachs
  when revealed were flat walls of muscle, slightly concave from a lifetime spent
  in corset.  
 Next he unbuckled the stiff collars that kept the mounts' heads up, and
  began unlacing High's right hoofboot. They were unremarkable in appearance,
  just the standard heel-less style, knee high, with a protective shield protruding
  upward to protect the knee, but when Daka pulled the first one off he was surprised
  at its weight. It was so light! Half that of a standard boot.  
 He turned it over and pressed a thumbnail against the inch-thick sole. There
  was the right amount of give, but it wasn't the standard rubber. Much lighter,
  perhaps a racing boot, but it seemed to be holding up on their trek across
  the Wash just fine. Daka unlaced the other boot to below High's calf and pulled
  it off also. She flexed her toes and wiggled her feet in relief. They were
  pink and sweaty, and he wondered if taking the boots off had been a good idea.
  What if their feet swelled up? It could happen, especially if they weren't
  used to long runs in such heat. Getting the boots back on then would be close
  to impossible &ndash; he knew firsthand about that.  
 The muscles of High's legs were taut and almost trembling. He put a palm
  against her thigh, evaluating, finally deciding the ponies were just dangerously
  dehydrated. Her feet were in fine shape, no blisters at all, and any worries
  he had about them swelling vanished.  
 Daka eyed High's legs with an expert's authority. Her calf muscles were
  high and round, shapely and clearly defined. Up close her thighs were just
  as massive as they'd seemed as she'd trotted up the road, the biggest he'd
  ever seen. His seemed twig-like in comparison. Her buttocks were as high and
  round as some black-skinned ponies he'd worked on, and hard enough to crack
  walnuts between them with one flex.  
 He deftly unlaced and pulled Low's boots off, finding they were made of
  the same unusual material. In bare feet the ponies were only a few inches taller
  than he was, but he was taller than most men. Of course, they were standing
  on the balls of their feet, as if they were still wearing their contoured heel-less
  hoofboots. He supposed if he kept them out of their boots long enough, perhaps
  three or four days, they might sink down to their heels, but he'd never seen
  it. Ponies never stayed that long at the depot. In their boots they were a
  good head taller than he, another sign they came from good stock. Longer legs
  meant a longer stride, and ponies were bred for a purpose.  
 Finally he unhooked their headgear, gently removing the rubber coated metal
  bits. While he hunted up a bucket, bar of soap, and a soft-bristled brush the
  ponygirls worked their jaws and licked their dry lips. Their teeth were bright
  white and perfectly even. Daka didn't know what to make of that &ndash; usually
  only young ponies had good teeth, as the bit tended to spread and grind down
  the molars and incisors, but these girls obviously had been in harness awhile.
  Three-year-olds was what he'd guessed before, and hadn't seen anything so far
  to change his opinion. A pony's age was calculated from the time it became
  physically mature, reached its full height -- that was the point at which ponies
  were generally considered capable of work, even though they were put to task
  as soon as they could walk in most cases. Five- to ten-year-old ponies were
  usually considered the most desirable, as they had they right combination of
  strength, experience, and endurance. Most fifteen-year-olds had already lost
  a step or two, and so went down in value and desirability. Daka wasn't as confident
  in his guess as to the age of the mounts as he might otherwise have been. These
  two looked like three-year-olds in the face, but they ran like ten-year-olds.  
 The water bottle was suspended from a steel arm in the corner. Daka swung
  it over to the cleaning stall and lowered it so High could reach it. It was
  equipped with a bite valve, and she lost no time wrapping her lips around the
  rubber-tipped steel drinking tube. She thirstily sucked down the cool water
  in huge gulps.  
 "Not too fast, you don't want to cramp up," Daka admonished her. He undid
  the black strings restraining both their blond manes, then grabbed the rubber
  hose. It was hooked up to a thirty gallon gravity-feed tank in the rafter that
  Daka had topped off that morning. He removed his dusty robe and kicked off
  his sandals, nude but for a loincloth.  
 Aiming the nozzle Daka squeezed the trigger and began rinsing off Low. As
  the cool water splashed over her hot skin she shivered and gooseflesh rose
  over her whole body. Some splashed onto her teammate, who shivered also but
  never stopped drinking. Low's big nipples knotted up under the cold water.
  Brown water began trickling into the drain.  
 When she was good and drenched Daka dropped the hose, lathered up his hands
  with the bar of soap, and started with her hair. Since they were heading back
  out he only lathered it once, making sure to rinse it thoroughly. Then he rubbed
  the soap onto the brush until its soft bristles were good and foamy and began
  scrubbing the dirt out of the ponygirl's skin. He'd stop every few minutes
  and relather the brush, but the mounts didn't require much scrubbing. Mostly
  it was just sweat and churned up road dust caked on their legs. As it ran off
  them down the drain he saw they were much paler than the ponies he was used
  to. Their shoulders even looked a bit red from the sun under their light brown
  tans.  
 It wasn't until he was face to face with them that he realized how large
  their breasts were. Most mounts in the Wash had small breasts if they had any,
  usually burned brown from the sun, pancaked flat and stretchmarked from the
  constant bouncing. These ponies' breasts were not only large, they were firm
  as well. As he ran the brush over them he was surprised at their bounce. They
  barely folded over at all, and were big enough that he wasn't sure he'd be
  able to reach around one and have his fingertips touch. He didn't remember
  seeing them bouncing wildly as the carriage drew close, and with their firmness
  he could see why. Another sign they were young. He became more confident in
  his guess at their age. Their broad, sloping breast-tops were only lightly
  tanned, with nipples just half a shade darker than the rest of the breast.  
Both High's and Low's nipples sported the traditional
  gold rings of upper class mounts. The rings had the normal two inch inner diameter
  and were thick as pencils. Real gold, too, at least as far as Daka could tell.
  The weight hadn't made their nipples sag at all. Most ponyrings were a little
  thinner in gauge, but even so usually caused ring bulge, a permanent enlargement
  of the nipples. These mounts had it, but not to the extent of some that he'd
  seen.  
 Low's legs were hot and hard as stone. He used the brush to clean them thoroughly,
  her feet too, before using a wet rag to get between her toes and the folds
  between her thighs. They were both bignoses &ndash; among the higher gen ponies,
  it was fairly common to find the tiny nub between their legs had grown to the
  size of the end of a big man's thumb. These ponies' were half again as large,
  and they weren't even engorged. Surrounded by its fleshy hood such an oversized
  nub looked like nothing so much as another nose between the pony's thighs.
  Bignose was his private nickname for them, not that he saw too many in the
  Wash's desolate depths.  
 The few upper class mounts he'd seen had belled nipple rings that jangled
  as they ran, but these two didn't. However, there were wear marks on the bottom
  of Low's rings, like the bells there had been removed. From their rosebuds
  they were no strangers to tailplugs either, but they'd apparently gone without
  them this trip. Big ones, too, if he was any judge. He didn't see any sense
  in using the purely decorative extravagances on working mounts, especially
  in the Wash where life was hard enough, but all the royal racing mounts wore
  them, so . . . Running with a tailplug in place quickly calloused and enlarged
  the muscle ring on a pony. The longer they wore one the bigger and more pronounced
  their rosebud got, even at rest. Some ponies never got used to running with
  one, and it slowed them down. On long journeys, such as the one he suspected
  his new charges were taking, it made much more sense to run the ponies bareback.  
 Daka used the soapy rag to scrub Low's hard buttocks and between her legs.
  High had finished with the water bottle and as he knelt behind her teammate
  he watched the pony piss on the floor. The urine was dark yellow, almost orange,
  sure sign they'd needed a water stop.  
 He rinsed the last of the soap off Low and then swung the water bottle over
  so she could take a drink. Almost immediately she released the contents of
  her bladder, and Daka sprayed her legs off again as soon as she finished.  
 As he began expertly lathering up the second mount's blonde mane the green
  eyed visitor, who'd been silently watching him for several minutes, glided
  forward.  
 CHAPTER THREE&mdash;THE VISITOR  
 "You've got an expert touch," she complimented him.  
 Daka jumped and nearly dropped the soap. He turned to see the mysterious
  visitor at the entrance to the cleaning stall. Her dusty overrobe was gone,
  revealing the finely made white sleeveless closerobe she wore beneath. It was
  nothing more than an ankle-length stretchsilk sheath that clung to her every
  curve, slit up each side past her hip. The silk was the finest he'd ever seen
  and so thin the color of her flesh shone through. Wearing undergarments would
  have ruined its lines entirely. Daka tried not to stare at her abundant cleavage,
  but not only was she lavishly proportioned but her plainly visible areola were
  surprisingly large. Such pale skin . . . . Her hair was longer than he'd thought,
  reaching nearly to the middle of her back, and looking blacker than night against
  the white silk. She wore tiny black boots with chrome trim.  
 "Th-Thank you, milady," Daka managed to get out. The ponies turned their
  heads slightly to watch their mistress, Low still drinking.  
 The Lady was surprised. She'd been expecting a ham-handed, ignorant wretch
  of a stableboy that could barely tell the difference between a bit and a hoofboot.
  Instead, as she'd studied him from the shadows, she'd seen an experienced stablehand
  cleaning her ponies with the speed and skill of someone twice his age. His
  movements were deft and professional, and he'd apparently never even thought
  of taking liberties with her two mounts. That'd been a constant problem on
  her trip west, finding competent stablehands that could keep their organs in
  their pants. You'd think these ignorant westerners had never seen a well-built
  pony before.  
 "How long have you been tending ponies?" she asked him. Daka finished with
  High's hair and began using the brush on her sweaty skin.  
 "Since I was big enough to reach," Daka said. "I remember as a boy having
  to stand on a stool to clean between their fingers."  
 "When did you come to this depot?"  
 "Oh, I've been here all my life, milady." He stared at the pony he was washing
  as he talked. Looking at the visitor was too distracting, and he didn't want
  to do a poor job of washing her mount.  
 She looked around the drab stable, trying to imagine living a lifetime here.
  Still, if it was all one knew . . . .  
 "Milady, may I ask, are these two sisters?" Daka said nervously.  
 She smiled mysteriously. "Not quite your usual pony out here in the desert,
  I would imagine."  
 "No milady. Most mounts I see are much stringier," he admitted. "Some in
  poor condition, or new to the bit, or hairy  ," he said
  with some measure of disgust. High and Low were blessedly smooth of skin below
  the neck. "These are spectacular specimens. Three year olds?" he wondered aloud.  
 She studied her mounts, as if seeing them for the first time, and after
  a few seconds nodded her head in approval. "You'd think so, from their young
  faces. I'm guessing you don't see much high-gen purebred stock out here. Probably
  not any genbred at all. They're six-year-olds, actually, but purebreds are
  maturing earlier and earlier, and genbreds like these mares grow like weeds.
  If they were of normal stock they might not even be full grown yet."  
Daka's brow wrinkled. "I have not heard the term
  'genbred' before, milady."  
"I thought not. In answer to your question, yes,
  in a way they are sisters. Let's just say they're a special kind of twin. I
  don't suppose you know what a clone is?"  
"No, milady."  
"I thought as much. Well, a genbred is a special
  type of purebred, done in a way so as to leave nothing to chance. They're doing
  much the same thing with assayan, I'm told."  
Daka nodded, even though he hadn't heard the term
  'assayan' before either. He didn't want to appear too ignorant. "At first I
  thought they were exhausted from that amazing morning run," he told her, "but
  now I see they were just dry. Dangerously so. They're not used to running in
  this kind of heat, are they?" Both ponies were much more alert after drinking
  their fill, and were beginning to shift their weight restlessly about. The
  fact that they weren't dead tired from the twenty-nine mile morning run was
  simply amazing.  
 "It's the dryness as much as the heat," she admitted. "I left later than
  I'd planned, long after sun-up. This desert just bled the speed right out of
  them."  
 Daka frowned. "If I may ask, milady, what time did you leave JoTown?"  
 "Why?" She seemed genuinely curious.  
 Daka shrugged. "It's just that few have made it to our depot from JoTown
  before noon."  
 "I believe the journey took us just under three hours."  
 Three hours!  It seemed impossible. That would mean
  the team would have had to average  six-minute miles. Ten
  miles an hour!  They were not running nearly that fast when Daka
  spotted them at the end of their trip, which meant they were running faster  than
  a six-minute mile pace at the start. Incredible.  
 Daka nodded like her news held no surprises and moved to the far side of
  High to scrub at her ribcage. The robed woman's eyes flew wide.  
 "What is that?" she said, pointing.  
 Daka looked around in confusion, finally realizing she was pointing to his
  shoulder. The tattoo there was fuzzy-edged and faded with time, the pattern
  blurry but still discernable. A six-pointed star over a cutlass, all inside
  a circle the size of his palm.  
 "Just a tattoo, m'lady."  
 "Where did you get it? Who gave it to you?" Her voice was demanding, almost
  shrill.  
 "I have no idea, m'lady. I've had it as long as I can remember." He crouched
  and scrubbed at the mare's thick legs.  
 The robed visitor watched Daka with slitted eyes. He had an athletic if
  slim build, head and arms burned brown from the sun. Very tall, three or four
  inches over six feet, wide shoulders, with well defined musculature topped
  by a ratty nest of overlong sunfried brown hair. In other circumstances his
  washboard stomach would have perhaps caused her to tarry, but not now. His
  body was dusty and spotted with washwater. Totally hairless, but that was to
  be expected living this close to the Poisoned Lands. The loincloth he wore
  was a simple piece of what looked like burlap tied around his waist, stained
  with sweat. Ugh.  
 Without another word she turned and swept back through the doorway into
  the depot's living area. Orr was busy chopping greens and tossing them into
  a bowl, and she could smell meat cooking somewhere. He'd beaten the dust, as
  well he could, out of her formal robe and laid it on a chair. She studied the
  robe thoughtfully &ndash; it was folded sleeve over sleeve in the manner that
  was practiced inside the royal city.  
 "I was watching your son wash my mounts," she said, "and I noticed&mdash;"  
 "He's not my son, milady, begging your pardon."  
 She turned and looked at him, eyebrows raised. "Oh?'  
 "I have had him since he was barely old enough to walk, milady, but he's
  not my son. Cost me a fair bit at the time, but I suppose he's been worth it."  
 "I see. Did you give him that tattoo on his shoulder?"  
 "No ma'am, that was there when I bought him."  
 "Do you know whence he received it?"  
 "No milady. I figured it for an ownership mark. Is there a problem?" Could
  the boy have been stolen property? Wouldn't that be a thing, and after all
  these years.  
 The woman ignored the question. "From whom did you buy him?"  
 "Well . . . ." Orr thought back, trying very hard not to stare at the abundant
  breasts before his nose. The slit in her robe revealed a sliver of muscled
  thigh and rounded hip. He hadn't lain with a woman in a very long time, but
  apparently he wasn't too old to want to. He dropped his eyes to the scuffed
  wood counter. "I'd just gotten word from the governor that I was going to be
  the new depotmaster here, and I knew there'd be more work than what I could
  handle by myself. In Agave I ran across an old nomad leading a half dozen or
  so children. Daka was the only boy, and barely old enough to walk and talk,
  but he looked healthy, so I bought him. Also bought the oldest girl he had.
  Wasn't full grown yet, but she was the only one didn't look sick and the price
  was right. I figured she could do the chorework until Daka got big enough,
  and the nomad said he'd already broken her in."  
 "Where is the girl?"  
 "She died not much more than a year later. Snakebite," he explained. "Never
  have had the money to replace her."  
 "Daka," the woman murmured, mulling over the name.  
 "That's what I named him, milady."  
 "Any idea where the nomad acquired him?"  
 "No milady, haven't a clue. If he ever said anything I've forgotten it now.
  I doubt he did. They're a pretty closemouthed people."  
 "I wouldn't have assumed he was your son but I saw no ownership tag or brand."  
 Orr laughed, his eyes lighting up. "Now that's  a story," he
  said, chortling. "He's got one, that's for sure. You should ask him to tell
  you the story . . . " Orr realized he was getting a little too familiar with
  the noblewoman and looked back to his work The next time he looked up she was
  gone. He hadn't thought about Leura in years. A shame, really, but at least
  he'd had her for that year. Such an pliant, agreeable girl.  
 "Show me your ownership tag," the woman commanded Daka.  
 The two ponies were happily munching away on ponymix through gravity-fed
  feed bags, still hooked to the tie-bar. Daka was cleaning off their gear when
  the woman reappeared and gave him the order.  
 Daka set down the hose and the salt-encrusted corset he was holding and
  turned around. He wondered what Orr had been telling her, but dutifully untied
  his loincloth and let it drop to the stable's cement floor. The steel ownership
  tag flashed in the light from the window as it swung between his legs, hanging
  from the gold ring piercing the head of his organ.  
 He'd never taken liberties with any mounts, but when two young women, part
  of a group of royal wetnurses passing through, had peeked into the stable to
  see him he'd been busy scrubbing between the legs of a particularly well-built
  mare, and they'd misinterpreted his actions. Or maybe they hadn't, and were
  just those kind of girls. Orr and the coach's driver, who was supposed to be
  acting as chaperone as well, were being entertained in the front room by two
  of the young women. Four other wetnurses took the opportunity of the distraction
  to surprise Daka in the stable and overpower him. This had been four years
  previous, just before his last growth spurt, and they'd all been bigger and
  stronger than he.  
 As punishment for what they'd said was a mischievous indiscretion by him
  the laughing young women held him down, stripped him, and produced a large
  needle of the type used to repair leather. With a woman sitting on each of
  his limbs and his own loincloth stuffed into his mouth as a gag, Daka had been
  powerless.  
 The instigator of the action, a chunky brunette with a massive chest, blouse
  damp from her perpetually leaking teats, slid the big needle into the hole
  at the end of his organ and out through the skin on its underside. He yelled
  and bucked, but that only seemed to encourage them. They produced the gold
  ring from somewhere and slid it through the new hole in the end of his organ,
  as an afterthought removing the tag from the chain around his neck and placing
  it on the ring.  
 Daka told the noble born his story without shame, insisting ". . . but I
  wasn't taking any liberties with their mounts. I wouldn't!"  
 "Did you tell your owner what happened when they left?"  
 He hung his head and shook it. "Not for a week, and only then because it
  got infected."  
 "Why didn't you remove the ring?" she wondered aloud.  
 "We didn't have a metal saw at the time, didn't have one for close to two
  years. By that time I was used to it."  
 She didn't have the heart to tell him it was a captive bead ring, that with
  the right size reverse pliers she could have removed it from his organ in seconds.
  It probably didn't matter now anyway, he'd worn it so long. The gold ring was
  big, one step down from the ones through her own mares' nipples. Absently she
  wondered if the young man knew how unusual his organ was in size. Probably
  not, unless . . . .  
 "Have you ever laid with a woman?" she asked him directly, peering into
  Daka's eyes.  
 He colored slightly and looked down. "No milady," he mumbled.  
 "What about ponies? Mares? Have you ever taken someone's mount?"  
 "No milady," he said forcefully. "Never." Although that  hadn't
  been easy. Some of the mares that came through were quite spirited, and it'd
  been more than once that he'd had ponylegs wrapped around him as he tried to
  finish the washing. Their grip was so strong sometimes he just couldn't break
  free, and he had to wait until they were done grinding on his hip before he
  could finish his duties.  
 The woman leaned forward and he felt the full impact of her forceful gaze. "You've
  never spilled your seed?" she demanded. "Never?"  
 Daka blushed a deeper red and tried to look away, but she grabbed his chin
  and yanked his head around.  
 "W&mdash;Well," he stammered, "after the wetnurses put the ring in they
  kept grabbing at me, and it &ndash; it just happened," he said. "They all laughed." She
  kept her iron grip on his chin, not letting him look away.  
 "And?" she prompted him.  
 "And . . . sometimes when I'm alone in the stable . . . ." he couldn't finish
  the sentence, he was too embarrassed, but that was fine. She'd heard what she
  needed to. She released his chin and straightened up.  
 "It's all right," she told him. "Finish cleaning the leathers, and wipe
  down the carriage as well. "But don't go poking around inside it, understand?
  That's off limits."  
 "Yes milady." Daka couldn't meet her eyes. His heart was hammering away
  in his chest, afraid his half-lie to her would somehow be discovered. The first
  time with the wetnurses, that had been an accident. Quite a surprise for everyone
  involved. There'd been some laughing, but also quite a bit of interest. The
  busty one had grabbed him again and began deliberately stroking his organ.
  The others kept him pinned to the stable floor and egged her on. She seemed
  no stranger to the task and masterfully brought him to a second climax, grunting
  and twitching, in just a few minutes.  
 "There's some wood in you, boy," she'd said almost admiringly then, one
  hand wrapped around his still hard member.  
 "Work him again," one of the other wetnurses said in a hoarse voice. They'd
  gotten much quieter, watching Daka's big shaft being stroked. For two of the
  four it was a new experience, not just seeing a man's seed leave his body but
  being able to gaze uninterrupted at what makes a man a man.  
Even with the pain of the fresh ring distracting
  him Daka came again after but a few short minutes. Daka had the natural stamina
  of youth, and when he didn't wither away in her hand after the third time the
  now visibly aroused wetnurse lifted up her skirts and made to sit atop his
  pole, ring, tag, and all. Just then the driver/chaperone called unseen from
  the doorway and the women scrambled up and away from Daka. He was left alone
  in the stable with just the team of eight bignoses that had brought the young
  women in, the ponies having watched the whole incident. It had gotten them
  agitated, of course, with bignoses that was easy to spot, which only made his
  job more difficult. He had to rush around like a madman to get them ready for
  the road in time.  
"When you're done with that," the noblewoman continued, "I
  see you've got some massage oil here." She nodded at the bottle. "Rub down
  their legs, give them a really good deep muscle massage. Keeps them from getting
  cramps. Do you know how to do that?"  
"Yes milady."  
"Good. And wash yourself, too, you're dusty and
  sweaty. When you're done come back inside. Put on some clean clothes, if you
  have any."  
"Yes milady."  
Massaging her ponies' thick legs took as much time
  as everything else combined. By the time he was done his fingers and forearms
  were aching, but the mounts were visibly relaxed. Their buttocks had been like
  rocks! He could barely bend his thumbs.  
The worked-in oil gave their skin a soft sheen,
  and, as was common, the folds between their thighs had been moist by the time
  he finished. Perhaps he should've put his loincloth back on before the rubdown,
  so they'd be less distracted, but neither of them had tried anything. Another
  sign of good training, on top of their excellent breeding and temperament.  
Cleaning himself up was last on his list. He used
  the soap on his hair and scrubbed the dirt and sweat off his skin. The ponies
  kept trying to turn and watch him, although it was harder for them since he'd
  put spreader bars on their legs after the rubdown. Otherwise they might start
  squeezing their thighs together and work themselves up again.  
 CHAPTER FOUR&mdash;CHANGE OF LIFE  
 By the time he was drying off the wind had picked up outside and was whistling
  loudly through the cracks in the stable walls. He found a clean loincloth and
  tied it around his waist as he walked to a window and peered out. Even through
  glass ripply with age the coming sandstorm was easy to spot. Ten minutes out,
  maybe, coming from the west as they always did.  
 There wasn't a clean robe inside the stable for him to wear, so he entered
  the living quarters wearing just the loincloth. The lingering smell of food
  got his stomach rumbling, but their visitor had already finished eating. When
  he came through the door she was sitting at the small table while Orr cleaned
  and put away her dirty dishes. It looked like they'd been having an intense
  discussion, but all talking between them ended as Daka entered the room. Orr
  looked at him with a strange expression on his face that Daka couldn't read.  
 "Come here, boy," she told him. "All cleaned up?" She turned on the small
  bench seat and motioned him to stand before her. "Take that thing off," she
  directed, waving at the loincloth.  
 Unsure of what was to follow but well trained to obey commands Daka untied
  the clean loincloth and exposed himself to the noblewoman again. In the stable
  was one thing, with the dirt and the cleaning stall and water hose, but here,
  at the eating table, her beautiful face and swollen breasts just inches away
  from his organ . . . .  
 If she noticed it stiffening in her face, and there was no way she couldn't,
  she gave no sign. She grabbed his ownership tag and lifted it in her palm into
  the light so she could read it. His name, his owner's name, and the location
  of the water depot in case he ran away and had to be returned.  
 She kept her face completely neutral, but as the organ unfurled to full
  staff in front of her she realized she'd underestimated its size. Thick and
  long and uncut. Hooking a finger through the big ring she lifted the organ,
  and pulled back on the foreskin with her other hand, checking the crevices.
  She lifted his penis further, checking its underside, then had Daka turn around
  and pull his cheeks apart. Satisfied that his hygiene was acceptable, she directed
  him to cover himself up and find a fresh robe. Orr busied himself at the sink
  and pretended not to have noticed.  
 Daka hurriedly tied the loincloth around his waist, his cock an iron bar
  that tented the fabric, and hurried off to find a robe. When he returned the
  wind had increased to such force that even their visitor noticed the change.  
 "Dust storm," Daka said to her querying look. "Have to wait until it's over
  before moving on again, milady."  
 She frowned and moved to the window. The front of the storm enveloped the
  depot house a few seconds later, and the sunlight coming in the window was
  cut to a quarter of what it had been. The sand was a hissing rattle against
  the window glass.  
 The woman stared out the window at the featureless brown swirls. "There's
  no way to travel in this? I was hoping on leaving soon."  
 "No milady. The wind's so fierce it'll make your skin raw in just a few
  minutes, and there's no way to tell direction. If you're ever out traveling
  and get stuck in one, best to stop right where you are, hunker down, and ride
  it out. Try to keep going and you'll lose the road and likely as not drive
  right off a cliff."  
 "How long will it last?" she asked, thinking of her plans.  
 "No way to tell," Orr said. "Ten minutes or two days, it's anybody's guess.
  But normally just an hour or two."  
 "And it's fifty-seven miles to Emerson."  
 "Yes milady, hilly the last twenty."  
 "Right." She did the mental calculations, then sighed. She wasn't going
  out in that  , no matter how pressed for time she was.
  Either she'd make her rendezvous or she wouldn't.  
 "Looks like I'm here for a while," she sighed. Orr finished the dishes and
  stepped out from behind the counter, clasping his hands in front of him, ever
  the helpful depotmaster. Sitting at the table, her entire right leg and part
  of a buttock were revealed to him through the slit in the closerobe. She seemed
  unmindful of it. The woman's eyes roamed the shelves covering nearly one whole
  wall of the room. "Is that a chess set?"  
 "Yes milady."  
 "Do you play?"  
 "Yes milady," Orr replied. "Would you like me to set it up?" She nodded
  and he grabbed the small wooden box. He emptied the pieces onto the scratched
  worn wood, then turned the box over and set it down on the table. Chessboard
  squares were inlaid into its surface and he began setting the pieces up.  
 "Can you play chess?" she asked Daka.  
 "Yes ma'am, but I'm not nearly as good as he is."  
 She turned back to Orr. "Are you good?"  
 "This far into the Wash, it's rare that I even find someone to play against,
  much less anyone with formal schooling, and&mdash;"  
 She cut off his attempts to convince her he was a dunce. She'd seen the
  light in his eyes.  
 "Let me say this," she told him, with a steady gaze. "I'll be much more
  upset it I find out you've thrown the game than if I am honestly defeated."  
 Orr pursed his lips and nodded, lining the pawns up.  
 The woman's eyes lifted to the hundreds of books on the shelf, noting classics,
  science textbooks, a wide range of subject matter. She stood and peered at
  them more closely.  
 "Have you read any of these books?" she asked Daka as she sat back down
  at the table. Orr took his place opposite her and studied the board.  
 "Yes milady."  
 Well, at least he can read  , she thought. "Which ones?"  
 "All of them, milady."  
 Her eyes jerked up in surprise and met Orr's steady gaze. After a few seconds
  she gave a nod of her head, and then the game began.  
 There were no chores left to be done inside the building, and besides, he
  knew bustling around would only annoy Orr (who was bent over the chessboard),
  so Daka grabbed a book and sat in the corner. The tome was one of his favorites,
  an old thick volume of fantastic fables he never tired of.  
 For a long time the only sounds from inside the depot were the click of
  chess pieces and the rasp of turning pages. The wind howled and whirled mightily
  around them, sand clicking against the windows like hail. Daka checked on the
  ponies once, only to find they'd fallen asleep in their feed bags standing
  up. He unhooked the bags so they could breathe properly. Neither so much as
  twitched.  
 Orr won the first game handily, boxing in her king with a deft series of
  seemingly random advances. The lady frowned, but seemed more unhappy with her
  own performance than the end result. The second game was more closely fought,
  but in the end she lost again.  
 "Maybe I should be playing you," she told Daka as Orr reset the board for
  a third game. She noticed the old man glancing at her chest from time to time
  and briefly considered resting her silk-clad bosom on the table before the
  board to distract him from his game. Then she grew disgusted with herself for
  even thinking such a thing. And her being noble born, what would her clanmates
  say?  
 As they neared the finish of the third game, another closely fought battle,
  each player with only a few pieces left on the board, Daka set down his book
  and walked to the window. Outside the wind seemed strong as ever, the swirling
  sand making it impossible for him to see beyond the far side of the road. The
  dust storm was nearly two hours old.  
 "Halfway over," Daka said to no one in particular, still staring out the
  window.  
 "What?" Distracted, the woman looked up from the board where her long-battling
  queen was running out of options.  
 "The dust storm's halfway over, milady," he repeated.  
 "Now how do you know that? I thought you said there was no way to tell how
  long it would last."  
 "There isn't, but somehow he always knows when it's half over," Orr told
  her. "I think it has something to do with the storm perhaps having an 'eye',
  with reduced atmospheric pressure that he senses as it passes through. Checkmate,
  milady."  
 A very unladylike torrent of profanity spilled past her full lips as she
  shook her head. She knocked over her king after a glance at the board told
  her she had lost yet again.  
 "Pardon me," she said. "I have better manners, but sometimes I forget myself.
  Reduced atmospheric pressure, you say?" She glanced over at Daka. "Interesting."  
 "Another game?" Orr said carefully.  
 "I think not. I think we've established that I'm not much of an opponent
  for you." She stood up and moved away from the table.  
 "Do you have somewhere I can get some rest?" she asked. "I'll be traveling
  through the night, so if I've got another two hours until the storm breaks
  I want to catch some sleep."  
 "Yes milady. There's a bed in that room there with a serviceable mattress."  
 "Boy," she told Daka, "let my girls sleep as long as possible, but I want
  them in harness by the time the wind's died down enough for us to move."  
 "Yes milady."  
 Daka stepped into the dark bedroom and let his eyes adjust to the light.
  When he could see well enough not to trip over anything he moved to the side
  of the bed.  
 "Milady?" he whispered at the form on the mattress. "Milady? The storm's&mdash;" He
  reached a hand out to touch her shoulder, and yelped as the bed exploded in
  a rustle of flying fabric and a gleaming flash. Daka stood frozen, heart hammering
  wildly, as he felt the blade against his neck. There was a pause, then with
  a huff she let go of the front of his robe.  
 "Has the storm passed?" she asked, sliding the blade back into a boot. She
  was barely more than a silhouette in the dim room.  
 Daka swallowed. "In just a few minutes, milady. Your mounts are in the leathyrs,
  ready to be hooked to the carriage."  
 "Good. You'll find some skins in the carriage. Fill them up with water and
  check the wheels for cracks."  
 "Yes milady," he said, scurrying off. He'd already checked the wheels when
  he'd wiped down the carriage. As he hunted for the skins on the floor of the
  deep carriage he touched his fingers to the spot on his neck where he'd felt
  the prick of the blade. They came away speckled with blood, already thickening.  
 The ponies were huffing and stamping their legs, eager to be off. Their
  bit-reins were reattached and loosely tied to one of the center stable beams.
  In their hoofboots the two mares were again taller than he, although not by
  much. Daka looked out the window and saw the wind had died down to infrequent
  gusts, although the horizon was still a hazy brown from all the airborne particles.  
 With a clank Daka set a pail on the concrete at High's feet. She squatted
  over it briefly, releasing only a small splash of urine that echoed loudly
  off the metal. She moved over to let Low do the same. Daka rolled open the
  stable doors and kicked at the ridge of windblown sand that had accumulated
  against them. After emptying the bucket out around the corner he pulled the
  carriage out, then led the ponies out by the reins and hooked them to the T-bar.
  He double-checked all their lacings and buckles, making sure their leathyrs
  were tight so they wouldn't chafe, then made final adjustments to their blinders
  and bits. The mares stared blankly ahead through it all, hardly glancing at
  him. He'd heard rumors that high-gen ponies were in fact dumber than the stringy
  mares he usually saw, that the intelligence was being deliberately bred out
  of them, but until now he'd never given those stories much credence. These
  two just stared off into the distance most of the time, hardly giving him a
  glance even when he'd been washing them. Perhaps it wasn't a lack of intelligence
  with High and Low, maybe it was just excellent training.  
 He led the team around to the front of the depot building, the mares staying
  in step automatically. He described a big circle with the ponies and carriage
  to get them pointed in the right direction on the road, then ran the reins
  back and set them in the carriage.  
 The front door opened and their mysterious visitor emerged. Her hair was
  freshly brushed, a new hint of color on her lips, and she raised the hood of
  her newly donned outer robe to protect her face from the sandy gusts. Orr stepped
  through the doorway behind her and watched Daka.  
 "Milady," Daka said. "Your carriage is ready."  
 The top half of her face was in shadow below the robe's hood. All he could
  see was her mouth with its full, sensuous lips and slightly pointed chin. The
  chin turned his way and her head cocked slightly.  
 "You're going with her, boy," Orr called out to him. Daka looked at the
  old man, the confusion plain on his face.  
 "She's bought you," Orr told him. "She's your Mistress now, do as she says."  
 Daka's mouth hung open. "But&mdash;" he began, looking from Orr to the woman
  and back to Orr.  
 Her mouth was still all he could see of her face, and now her lips were
  tightly pursed. "Get in the carriage," she told him sharply, then turned her
  head to look at the horizon to the west.  
 "But . . . I'm . . . ." He looked around wildly, at the two figures with
  no sympathy or compassion on their faces, at the depot building, the attached
  stable, and the garden beyond.  
 "Who'll tend the garden?" he pleaded desperately to Orr. "And work the stables?
  You're&mdash;"  
 "Get in the carriage, boy," Orr growled. "You're not too big now to be whipped."  
 "Get in before I lose patience," his new owner told him in a tone that said
  he would very much like that  not to happen.  
 Numbly, Daka climbed into the carriage and sat on the front edge, not willing
  to retreat into the shadows of the carriage and its padded bench seat. He stared
  at nothing, his mind stalled with shock. He'd lived at the depot his whole
  life, perhaps once a year traveling to JoTown for supplies, and once traveling
  all the way to Emerson, but the depot and the Wash were all he knew, all he'd ever  known.  
 The carriage shifted as the noblewoman, his new owner, his Mistress  ,
  climbed aboard. She prodded him with a boot, wanting him to take a seat on
  the bench. Daka looked at her, then turned and looked out at the man who, although
  his owner, had been the closest thing to a father he'd ever known. But Orr
  was gone, already back inside, door shut firmly behind him. Blinking, Daka
  moved to the bench seat and sat with a thud.  
 The woman sat down beside him. She picked the reins up and snapped them,
  and they moved away from the depot with a jolt as the ponies broke into a trot.  
 For an hour he said nothing, stared at nothing, as the carriage wended its
  way westward along the dirt road and the soft breeze pushed his hair back.
  His new Mistress was not without compassion, and knew what he must be feeling.
  She kept the reins and kept her eye on the uninteresting landscape passing
  by, ignoring the boy beside her. Finally, it was his background as a stablehand
  that brought Daka out of his reverie, got his eyes to focus. On the ponies.  
 This wasn't the first carriage or coach he'd ridden in, far from it. He
  was often called to drive a team down the road and back to get them warmed
  up and settled into their leathyrs. But he'd never handled a team that had
  been so trained to move as one, as these had, still running in step after twenty-nine
  miles. Daka stared at them, mesmerized.  
 They might as well have been machines. On and on they ran, mile after mile
  disappeared beneath their hoofboots, without sign of tiring. Even in the hot
  Wash sun it took an hour of running before they broke a sweat. They stayed
  in step perfectly, over uneven ground and through turns, like they were two
  halves of the same being. Their muscular legs were pistons, forward, back,
  forward, back, buttocks clenching and releasing as they ran seemingly without
  effort across the dusty plain. Their gait was quick, their form textbook, the
  clip-clop of their hooves so closely in sync Daka could shut his eyes and swear
  he heard only one pony.  
 "I see you're back among the living," his Mistress said. "Take the reins," she
  directed him, handing them to him. She leaned back against the bench seat.  
 "Just hold them slack, let them take the lead," she admonished him. "They
  are not second-generation garbage-wagon mounts."  
 "They're magnificent." Clip-clop, clip-clop, clip-clop.  
 "Eleventh generation purebred stock. Their name is Lei."  
 "Which one?"  
 "Both of them. That's their name."  
 "Ohh . . . kay." He stared at the running figures six feet ahead of the
  carriage on the T-bar. Naturally slim-hipped &ndash; built to run &ndash; the
  corsets narrowed their waists enough to give them heart-shaped behinds. Two
  identical, perfect rumps, muscled cheeks clenching and releasing, clenching
  and releasing, as they ran ever westward. Daka had seen thousands of ponygirls
  in his life, had scrubbed down half of them, rubbed oil into their sore thighs,
  inserted and removed tailplugs from hundreds if not thousands of mounts, yet
  for all that, he could count on one hand the number of times he'd been aroused
  by a mare.  
 Daka hoped his robe concealed the erection that had appeared without warning,
  and tried not to look at the mounts in hopes his tumescence would fade. He
  ascribed it to his unusual situation; when limbering up a depot visitor's team
  he rode behind stringy, spiritless, usually mismatched mounts for ten or at
  most twenty minutes at a stretch. This day he'd been treated to an unrestricted
  view of two extraordinary specimens as they ran in perfect rhythm for hours
  on end, never seeming to tire, hardly sweating. He still couldn't hear their
  panting over the sound of the carriage on the gravel road.  
 Daka could feel the gaze of his new owner on him, but nervously kept his
  eyes on the western horizon. This road was far less familiar to him than the
  way to JoTown, and he dared not make an error.  
 "What do you remember of your life before the depot?" she asked him in her
  soft voice. He snuck a glance and saw she was leaning back into the corner
  of the cab, at ease and relaxed. The longer she stared at him with those intense
  eyes the more nervous he got.  
 "Nothing, milady," he said, talking to the reins in his hands.  
 "You don't remember how he came to buy you, or who your parents were?"  
 "No milady. The water depot is all I've ever known." There was a lump in
  his throat and he had to cough and look away. When he glanced at her again
  she was nodding.  
 "I am going to a meeting," she told him, abruptly changing the subject. "At
  an estate outside of Emerson. You are to remain with my team. They have a large
  stable there, and I want you to make yourself available to the Stablemaster.
  Do not speak unless spoken to, and follow all orders without question. I will
  hear of it if you misbehave, and have no doubts, punishment will be severe." The
  steel in her voice convinced him she wasn't bluffing, not that he'd ever suspected
  she was, or had planned on acting up.  
 "We could be there one day or three. You might see me while we're there,
  or you may not. It is of no concern to you. Just obey the Stablemaster and
  when it is time for us to go you'll be informed."  
 Go where?  He wanted to ask, but knew it wasn't his
  place. When she wanted him to know she'd tell him.  
 "And never take your robe off in front of anyone other than ponies!" she
  stated sharply. "Unless I tell you, I want you to keep yourself robed around
  the others. If a Mistress enters the stables while you're washing a pony, I
  don't care if you're drenched with water, put your robe on."  
 "Yes milady," Daka said automatically, not understanding.  
 "In front of the Stablemaster is acceptable, but no others," she said firmly. "Am
  I clear?"  
 "Yes milady." He paused a few seconds. "Milady? Shouldn't you be removing
  my old owner's tag?"  
 In the deep shadow of the carriage he though he saw her smile.  
 "They have a metalsmith at the estate," she purred. "Don't worry, we'll
  get you properly hooked up."  
 CHAPTER FIVE&mdash;ROAD TRIP  
 Daka jerked awake, unsure in the darkness for a moment just where he was.
  He looked around, the world bouncing and swaying slightly, until the metronomic
  clip-clop of the ponies' hoofboots returned him to his time and place.  
 Near sunset, after close to four hours, his Mistress had stopped the team
  for a water break. She'd slowed them to a walk first, let them walk along for
  ten minutes to avoid cramping up, then given Daka a water bag. The ponygirls
  had drunk thirstily until the bag was empty and wanted more. Daka gave them
  each a handful of PonyMix, let them eat it out of his palm, but they were less
  than halfway to Emerson and the remaining water bag was all that was left.
  Giving them more to eat would mean they'd need more water to digest the food.
  They could do without the food, but if the water ran out . . . .  
 After the break they ran for another hour and a half in the gathering darkness.
  As the land grew hilly the mounts' exhaustion became evident. For the first
  time their gait became uneven, and Daka could hear their harsh panting over
  the crunch of gravel under the carriage wheels.  
 Daka was holding the reins at the time, and his Mistress had commanded him
  to slow the ponies to a walk, then stop them a few minutes later. They quivered
  under the bright starlight as the sweat dried on their skin, and their thighs
  trembled with fatigue.  
 "How far to go yet?" his Mistress asked. They had just started into the
  hills.  
 "Seventeen, maybe eighteen miles," he replied. When fresh the ponies could
  do better than seven miles and hour across even ground, but up and down hills,
  nearly exhausted? Five miles an hour, he guessed.  
 She directed him to feed and water the ponies again. They all but ignored
  the PonyMix and sucked down nearly all of the water. Daka kept them hooked
  to the carriage as they took a half hour rest. He was afraid their feet would
  swell up if he as much as loosened their boots.  
 While he and his Mistress walked around the carriage to stretch their legs
  the ponies knelt on the ground to rest. Daka had chocked the carriage wheels
  so it couldn't roll forward or back, and the ponies almost immediately fell
  asleep leaning forward, held upright by the T-bar still attached to their corsets
  in the middle of their backs.  
 The barren desert had gradually turned to a rocky scrubland, with low hills
  made of jutting layers of shale and slate and small, twisted thorny trees whose
  leaves were as dried birds tongues. There was just a sliver of moon showing
  but the starlight was more than adequate to see the empty hills stretching
  away from them in all directions.  
 When it was time to move out his Mistress produced a small wooden box from
  inside the carriage and handed it to Daka.  
 "Give one to each mount," she instructed him. Inside the small box were
  a dozen off-white orbs the size of large olives and a small, unmarked vial.  
 "Stimulants," she explained.  
 Daka had never heard of such a thing, but he moved to the first mount that
  was still sleeping and began unhooking her bit. She never stirred.  
 "No, you dunce," his Mistress hissed. "Not there  .
  Use the tube of plug grease. Haven't you ever seen a suppository before?"  
 Daka stood there for several seconds before comprehension occurred. He'd
  never heard the word suppository before but he surely knew what plug grease
  was. He rehooked the bit on the still sleeping mount and moved behind her.
  The little orbs were slightly greasy to the touch already, but he did as he
  was told and covered it liberally with tailplug lube. The first mount's buttocks
  were resting on her boots as she slept in-harness. Daka reached below her,
  between the boots, and deftly inserted the little capsule. He pushed it in
  as far as it would go with his finger as the mount sluggishly awoke, then did
  the same with the other mare. They slowly climbed to their feet, still half
  asleep, and high-stepped a few times to stretch their stiff legs. Daka and
  his Mistress climbed back into the carriage, and after taking the reins Daka
  clucked at the mounts.  
 He walked them for the first ten minutes, until they were warmed up and
  had the kinks in their muscles worked out. Daka noticed they were becoming
  increasingly agitated, and when he finally flicked the reins for them to break
  into a trot they took off so quickly his head was jerked back.  
 "They should be good for another three or four hours," Daka heard. "But
  then they're going to be useless."  
 Now, as he blinked his sleep-filled eyes, Daka saw the mounts were still
  running strong. Upright and wide-eyed, they were back in step and making good
  time. He estimated they'd make Emerson an hour or so before sunrise.  
 The mounts' hard buttocks were pale orbs in the bright starlight as they
  ran evenly up and down the gentle hills. The night air wasn't quite cool, but
  with the drop in temperature the Wash became almost pleasant. The ponies were
  barely sweating, which was good considering their water situation.  
 His Mistress held the reins loosely in her hands, but when Daka glanced
  at her he was surprised to find she was asleep. How long she'd been out he
  didn't know, but it just proved how disciplined her mounts were.  
 Daka stretched, enjoying the cool night air against his face. He heard a
  rustling beside him and found his Mistress waking up. She ran a hand through
  her jet-black hair and sat up straighter.  
 "Unforgivable," she murmured. "I must've been more tired than I thought.
  How long have I been asleep?"  
 Daka peered at the constellations in the sky, found the polar star and saw
  how high it was off the horizon.  
 "I'm not sure milady, but it's been about an hour since we last stopped." His
  forehead crinkled and he leaned over to look around the edge of the carriage
  canopy. The road behind them was a paler stripe winding through the scrubland,
  disappearing around a small rise.  
 "What is it?" his Mistress asked.  
 "Someone's coming up behind us," he told her.  
 She stood up like a shot and looked backward over the top of the carriage.
  Her eyes worked well in the dark, and she studied the road behind them.  
 "I see nothing," she called down to him over the sound of the wheels on
  the road.  
 "No milady, nor do I. But someone's back there."  
 She looked down at him, hearing the confidence in his voice. "How do you
  know?"  
 Daka shrugged. "I just do."  
 She stared at him for a second, not moving, then tossed him the reins.  
 "Take these," she ordered him, ducking under the carriage roof. She reached
  under the seat and came out with a long object that glinted silver in the starlight.
  As she stood back up and looked again to their rear, pointing the object down
  the road, Daka felt an overwhelming sense of fear and dread. He looked around
  the side of the carriage again just in time to see . . . something round the
  curve behind them and come screaming up the road. He could hear the screaming
  in his head, like rusty metal grinding together  
 "Hiichaa!" his Mistress shouted, and a ball of white flame the size of Daka's
  fist flew from the end of the rod clutched in her hands. It shot at the shape
  hurtling up the road towards them at nearly three times the carriage's speed.  
 The ball of white flame expanded as it flew at their pursuer, growing as
  big as a melon, then a barrel, lightning sparking through it. When it met the
  shape chasing them it was the height of a door, a ball of white twisting fire
  that enveloped the dark shape now only fifty yards behind the carriage.  
 The shrieking in his head exploded with rage and pain. Inside the globe
  of flashing light Daka saw what looked like a black tumbleweed as tall as a
  man. Black hissing twisted limbs, like gnarled tree branches but whipping about
  like mad rattlers. He saw all this perfectly for a brief fraction of a second,
  then the hissing mass of intertwined snakebranches began to smoke and shrink
  inside the ball of white fire. The screaming in Daka's head reached a crescendo
  as the . . . thing still tried to catch them, smoking and withering, then it
  burst into green and blue flame and the screaming stopped. After a second the
  flames winked out, as did the ball of white light. His Mistress stared at the
  black mass in the road now barely the size of a curled up dog, watching for
  any signs of life, but as they rolled further and further from it without it
  doing anything but smoking she relaxed and sat back down inside the carriage.  
 After stowing the lightning rod beneath the seat she took the reins back
  from Daka and made soothing noises to calm the panicked mounts. They were in
  a near flat-out run, and it took her a few minutes to get them to slow to a
  normal gait.  
 "What was that?" Daka panted, his heart still racing. He had the sense that
  they'd just escaped death. Or perhaps something worse. In all his years in
  the Wash he'd never seen anything like that creature. His Mistress glanced
  at him briefly, then looked back to the mares. "And what was that you&mdash;"  
 "Don't ever touch it," she warned him, and he pulled his hand back that
  had been reaching for the lightning stick. "Never. I'll cut off your hands.
  Is that understood?"  
 "Yes milady."  
 "Warn me when we are nearing Emerson. But shut your mouth until then, no
  more questions. I have to think."  
 If Daka had been a little more observant he would have noticed how badly
  his Mistress was shaken, and how pale her face was.  
 CHAPTER SIX&mdash;MOM'S  
 The stagecoach clattered down the middle of the dusty street, sending stray
  dogs scurrying out of the way. The team of eight ran directly into the setting
  sun, grateful for the cooler temperatures but unable to see much of anything
  as the sun was directly at eye level. The two lead ponies squinted and did
  the best they could, trusting the stagecoach driver, while the other six just
  closed their eyes and ran blind.  
 Inside the coach the passengers were gathering their belongings and stretching
  their cramped limbs. Two-Bore Mining's skinny accountant opened a window to
  get some fresh air, but closed it quickly as the coach filled with swirling
  dust. The two scruffy pipe-wranglers inside the coach with him, thick arms
  mottled with camp tattoos, glared at him evilly and waved at the dust.  
 Up top, the driver clicked at his team and tugged on the reins. They slowed
  to a walk as Mom's Saloon came into view.  
 The figure sitting beside the driver on the bench looked around curiously.
  The sidewalks to either side of the street were busy with people, and a lot
  of new buildings had been thrown up in the eight months since she'd last passed
  through JoTown. Most of the pedestrians were miners by their clothes, or metal
  wranglers of one sort or another hired by Two-Bore. The rest were drawn in
  by what the miners promised &ndash; money and men, and lots of both.  
 "Must've tapped a major vein," the driver said to himself, unwrapping the
  dust-caked scarf from around his face. "Looks like a whole different town."  
 The driver whoa, whoa'd  the team to a stop in front
  of Mom's and waved a hand in front of his face as the trailing dust cloud enveloped
  the stagecoach and then passed it by.  
 "I think you're crazy for wanting to sit up here instead of back inside
  the coach," he said with a cough to the figure sitting on the bench beside
  him. The driver knew his companion was a woman, but only from her voice. She'd
  told him she wanted to sit up top when they were leaving Burnsville the day
  before. He'd told her no, saying it was against his policy (he was owner/operator
  of the coach and team). They'd gone back and forth for a while until settling
  on a price &ndash; more, in fact, than the driver thought he'd get.  
 She was close to his height and dressed head to toe in a tan flowing robe.
  Beneath the hood she'd wrapped a loose swatch of cloth around her head, covering
  everything but her eyes. Those were shielded by deeply tinted sungoggles. Of
  her body he could tell nothing, which was why he'd asked for money instead
  of bartering for sex. She could be covered in sores or have dropfinger disease
  and he wouldn't know.  
 "Better the open air than in there with them  ," he
  heard the woman say, and she jerked her head backward, at the cabin. Her expression
  was hidden by the folds of dusty cloth.  
 She looked behind the coach, then down the street in front of them. "At
  least up here you can see what's coming," she said, her voice only slightly
  muffled by the cloth. She grabbed her canvas satchel in one black-gloved hand
  and climbed down as the other passengers began exiting the coach, grumbling,
  stifflegged, and sore.  
The driver started tossing down the men's luggage,
  a few scuffed bags made of canvas and leathyr. "Where do you go from here?" the
  cloaked woman called up to him, patting the dust from the folds of her robe.  
"North. Gravestown, Ironheart, and then finally
  to Greenwood. Then I start back."  
She nodded curtly and turned to go, but was brought
  up short by the sight of the team. The double row of ponygirls was sweaty and
  looked exhausted after what the unseen woman considered an easy two day journey.
  They'd walked most of the way, and been given far too many water breaks for
  their own good.  
The two leads were blackskinned and had powerful
  hindquarters, at least compared to the scrawny specimens usually seen in the
  Wash. If they were purebred, which was unlikely this far into the west, it
  was from perhaps fourth-generation stock, but the remaining six couldn't be
  from better than second, maybe  third generation mixed
  stock at best. The lead two had been baked coal black by the harsh sun, while
  the others were a deep mahogany brown. Stringy and tired-looking, they were
  obviously a working team. No decorative tailplugs, no showy nipple rings. Brands
  on their left buttocks instead of tattoos. Their leathyrs were cracked and
  stained from heavy use but still serviceable, although most of their hoofboots
  could've used new soles.  
She'd learned en route that the driver was the
  team's owner/operator, before he realized she had no interest in small talk.
  He'd told her he shaved the team's heads because he got tired of brushing eight
  manes every night. Between the bald heads and the distinct lack of breasts
  on seven out of the eight sinewy ponies, he said he didn't have much problem
  with passengers trying to mount his mares.  
The eighth mount, the one with breasts, was third
  back on the right. Even with near zero body fat her breasts were respectably
  sized, large B's or small C's. With a normal bodyfat percentage the cloaked
  woman guessed they'd be immense.  
He body language was hard to read under the flowing
  robe, but the driver kept an eye on the woman as she stared at his team and
  she seemed . . . disgusted by them. There was something about the tilt of her
  head, the set of her shoulders, that said she had little or no respect for
  the ponies, or worse.  
Without another word she turned on her heel and
  strode through the double doors of Mom's. The place was filling rapidly as
  the sun went down and the work day ended. It was always night in the mine,
  but there wasn't so much work that they needed to run more than two shifts.
  Miners, some still in their dusty work clothes, bellied up to the bar for hard
  liquor and whatever tobacco products might be available that week. The physical
  demands of the profession were just too much for most women. At a time when
  men were outnumbered over ten to one by women throughout the realm, mining
  towns offered the opposite, and were in fact gold mines for women of certain
  type. The prostitutes were nearly two deep around the periphery of the room.  
The newest arrival headed toward the bar, brushing
  aside the advances of a barebreasted whore who mistook her for a man. She unwound
  the scarf from around her face as she leaned against the bar rail, and pulled
  off the goggles. A small pert nose was revealed, above two full pouty lips
  and bright white teeth. Her eyes were deep dark blue, but only in sunlight.
  Everywhere else they looked black.  
Mom floated over to the new face at the bar and
  grabbed a glass with one of her tentacles. "What'll it be?"  
The woman pulled down the hood of her robe and
  blew at the dust cloud that appeared. "You got any rooms available, Mom?"  
"S'Leah! As I live and breathe." She set
    the glass down. This one never drank. "Been a while since we've seen your
    face around here." 
"Eight months," S'Leah said.   
Mom was nodding. "Two new veins opened up," she
  told her guest. "Looks like they're going to be huge. I hardly recognize the
  town, what with all the new faces."  
"It won't last."  
Mom gave her a scowl and quickly glanced around.
  No one had heard the comment. She floated behind the bar on her titanium chassis
  and pasted the smile back onto her wide face. Born without any limbs, due no
  doubt to her mother spending the first month of her pregnancy walking the Poisoned
  Lands, her father any one of the six males in the small nomadic band, Mom had
  been sold at six months of age to a third-rate traveling circus. She was eight
  when the circus went broke and found herself the property of a wealthy society
  matron in New Dispore. She spent the next few years as a wall hanging, a decorative
  flesh sculpture moved from room to room per the whims of her owner. The house
  servants, tasked with feeding, watering, and cleaning the twisted wall hangings
  and statua their mistress liked to collect, took their pleasure with those
  who could not or dared not protest. After a while the matron tired of her and
  sold her to a nearby House of Pleasure, where those in search of the unusual
  paid high prices to be alone with her. The women, surprisingly, were both the
  most tender and the cruelest. The men just spent a few minutes pawing at her
  limbless torso and then filled one of her orifices with seed.  
She was sold from one house to the next for twenty
  or so years, until with the help of a man in love with her she bought her freedom.
  He died soon after, some say from poison, although no one suspected Mom. Ten
  years later she had her own House in JoTown, as well as a good-as-new floating
  chassis with six independent coil arms hardwired in.  
Mom's blonde hair was streaked with grey, and she'd
  thickened up over the years, but she still could turn heads if she wanted to.
  Tonight she had her large breasts packed into a push-up bra beneath a low-cut
  white blouse that hung past the bottom of her chassis.  
Occasionally, if the mood took her, she'd head
  into one of the rooms with a man or three, but most of the time when she was
  propositioned she'd just wave her six metal tentacles in the air and say "Honey,
  why would I settle for one when I can have six at once any day of the week?"  
"You got here just in time," Mom said. "Only two
  rooms left. Standard or deluxe?"  
"Standard.'  
Mom nodded. "What I figured. You stand to make
  a bundle tonight. With all the traffic the girls are chargin' double what they
  were last time you were in town," she said in her slow drawl. She canted her
  head and smiled at S'Leah. "Just so's you know. Rules are still the same, don't
  make me kick you out."  
S'Leah nodded, paid for the room, and headed upstairs
  with her bag. Several of the girls leaning against the rail on the second floor
  and called out.  
"Leah! Back to help us shear the sheep?"  
"Hi Leah!"  
"Well, look at her. Looks like there's too many
  men in town tonight for even you to take care of." The snotty voice belonged
  to a skinny brunette dressed in black leathyr pants and a black leathyr bustier.
  S'Leah didn't even remember her name much less acknowledge the comment.  
Most of the girls lining the barroom wore leathyr
  or rubber, sometimes both. They were the cheapest and most durable kind of
  apparel available this close to the desert, not that the miners were that interested
  in fashion anyway.  
In the second floor hallway outside the door to
  her room a woman was on her knees fellating a scruffy miner. She hardly seemed
  to know which end of his organ to lick, and flinched as he cursed her for scraping
  him with her teeth. S'Leah smiled inwardly and went into her room to change,
  locking the door behind her.  
 CHAPTER SEVEN&mdash;WORKING GIRL  
 With the sun down and the last stragglers out of the mines, Mom's began
  to fill up rapidly. There were two other establishments in town, but neither
  of them had the history, quality of liquor, or excess of whores that Mom's
  did. Nine of ten men working in the mines, young or old, married or not, spent
  money at Mom's before their tour was over.  
 The main bar room was elbow to elbow, a mix of tobacco smoke, the smell
  of spilled homemade beer and whisky, body odor, dust, with the occasional whiff
  of soap from the odd miner that washed up before coming in.  
 The women didn't spend too much time in the bar room itself. Not only was
  the music so loud they had to shout to be heard, the floor was so crowded they
  couldn't take two steps without being groped. Which wasn't bad, in and of itself,
  but Mom's Number One Rule was no wetwork in the bar room. So the women generally
  roamed the tables in the east half of the building, looking for customers which
  they then took outside, upstairs, or into a nearby hallway, depending on which
  service was requested and how hurried he was.  
 When S'Leah appeared, slowly descending the stairs, dozens of heads turned
  her way and wolf whistles echoed around the room. Upstairs she'd washed and
  hurriedly dressed for work, not wanting to miss the rush, knowing word of her
  presence was circulating.  
 Her straight black hair was cut short as a man's and parted down the center.
  Her full pouty lips were painted a glossy crimson, and her short fingernails
  shone with clear polish. She wore a jet black rubber miniskirt dress with spaghetti
  straps that barely came down below the cheeks of her ass. Not the industrial-grade
  rubber most of the other girls wore, a quarter-inch thick or nearly so, no,
  her dress was so thin it clung to her every curve. Every light in the place
  reflected off its glossy surface. Under it she wore nothing but a g-string,
  so the dress' lines would stay clean.  
 S'Leah's breasts were high and firm, larger than most and sporting perpetually
  erect nipples. The dress was scoop-necked, cut low enough to show her abundant
  cleavage.  
 On her feet she wore black leathyr toe boots that put her eye to eye with
  almost every man in the room. They laced up tight over her ankles and resembled
  nothing so much as ballet slippers with six inch spike heels. S'Leah walked
  as if she'd been born wearing them, on the ends of her toes, the heels taking
  about a quarter of her weight.  
 Between the dress and the boots were her legs, light enough in this deeply
  tanned realm to stick out. Her thighs were extraordinarily well-muscled, nearly
  to the point of being out of proportion to the rest of her body. The extreme
  angle of the toe boots made her big calves ball up like fists.  
 S'Leah strutted between the tables toward the crowded floor, knowing the
  other women were staring daggers at her. She had rather slender hips, but when
  she started swaying them back and forth conversations stopped.  
She stopped at the edge of the crush of miners,
  stood with her feet apart and her hands on her hips, as the miners who knew
  her or knew of her explained in not-so-quiet whispers just what the big deal
  was to their buddies.  
The tip of her tongue appeared, ran over her lips. "Who's
  first?" she called out casually.  
Money exploded out of pockets and wallets as twenty
  men scrambled to find her price. A wiry pipeworker in beat-up chaps and denims
  had the cash in hand and stepped forward. With a sly smile S'Leah took the
  wad of bills, then turned and sashayed toward a side door. The man's eyes were
  glued to her swinging ass as he followed her out the door and into a black
  hallway. The corridor smelled of sex, sweat, semen and leathyr, and was dimly
  lit compared to the bright bar-room. A miner had one of the girls bent over
  at the far end of the hall, doing her doggy style, and their grunts echoed
  off the stained walls.  
The wad of bills surreptitiously tucked into the
  front of her g-string, S'Leah pushed the wiry, ponytailed worker up against
  the wall. She kept her eyes on his as she sank to her knees before him and
  began undoing his belt buckle.  
"Two rules," she told him with a purr, as his zipper
  went down. "No talking, and don't touch my head. Ever  ."  
"Yeah, okay," he said breathlessly, nodding.  
His organ was stiff as a tree branch and respectable
  in size. It sprung forward from his trousers with eagerness, as did the strong
  musk of his unwashed body. S'Leah blinked to keep her eyes from tearing up,
  and licked her lips. She stared the man in the eyes as she bent her head to
  his cock and licked at the head. Her ass stuck out provocatively, knees wide
  apart for balance.  
She ran her tongue over and around it, coating
  it with saliva. He groaned and leaned back against the wall. She licked down
  and back up one side of the shaft, then the other, until it gleamed with spit.
  Then her mouth sank down on him and the man gasped as her soft wet tongue went
  wild, thrashing against and around his member like a rabid animal in a cage.  
S'Leah reached up and cupped his buttocks in her
  palms. She sucked and swirled, sucked and swirled, bobbing her head frantically.
  The man was panting now, watching as with each bob of her head she took more
  of his tool into her mouth. With no warning, and seemingly without effort,
  she buried her nose in his crotch. He groaned as her throat pulsated around
  his member, buried to the hilt in her eager orifice. She bobbed and swirled,
  licked and sucked hard, bouncing her face off his body like the seven-and &ndash;a-half-inch
  cock was only half that long. As she slid her face into his pants, nose pressed
  hard against his hairy mound, he felt her tongue snake out and lick at his
  balls.  
"Gaah!" he said explosively, trying hard not to
  come so soon. He bent over and shoved both his hands down the front of her
  dress. Her breasts were warm and firm as rubber, her hard nipples like pebbles
  against his palms. He pulled the creamy orbs out of the top of her dress and
  squeezed hard.  
With him bent over, S'Leah couldn't get as good
  of an angle on his shaft, what with his ribcage pushing against the top of
  her head. Without pause she turned her head sideways and began jackhammering
  his cock into her crimson-lipped mouth, gripping his asscheeks roughly through
  the denim. Her tongue was a flailing serpent, everywhere at once, her throat
  clutching at him. That was all it took.  
"Oh God!" he gasped, tensing.  
S'Leah pulled him hard against her face, her fingers
  digging hard into his buttocks as the man climaxed. He thrust against her head
  as the seed spurted out of him and she rode him tight, keeping him in an iron
  grip. She could feel the spurts coursing down the length of his organ before
  they shot deep into her throat, past the base of her tongue. She sucked hard,
  milking every last drop from him, as he slowly released his hold on her breasts,
  panting hard.  
When she was sure she had it all S'Leah let go
  of his ass and slid her mouth off his pink, still hard flesh. He'd lasted all
  of three minutes under her expert attentions, about average. While he zipped
  himself back into his jeans she stood up and dusted off her knees, then tucked
  her breasts back inside the rubber dress.  
The miner smiled and nodded at her, a little embarrassed
  that he'd popped off so quick. Her hard nipples, though, each the size of the
  end of his pinkie, assured him that he'd made her hot, and with a wink at S'Leah
  he headed back to the bar for another drink.  
Her nipples weren't hard from excitement. When
  she'd cut off the rings the holes hadn't healed over but rather scarred up..
  Her hard nipples were more knotty scar tissue than anything else. The tight
  dress hurt them, but then so did just about everything else. They ached in
  cold weather, in rain, and whenever she wore clothes that were anything less
  than billowing.  
The rings were the most prominent sign of her former
  life as a ponygirl, and she'd wasted no time removing them. Her nipples had
  been pierced when she was two, living in the Royal Stables. S'Leah, born to
  the bit, purebred with a vaunted lineage dating back to the first generation
  ponies. She'd had another name then.  
As soon as she was walking, the trainers had her
  running around the courses, pulling small weighted barrows. There were hundreds
  of mature ponies in the Royal Stables but only a handful her age. S'Leah never
  got along with them, maybe because she was different, maybe because they knew
  she was different.  
When she showed promise as a sprinter the trainers
  began grooming her to be a racing mount. Quarter-milers, half-mile dashes were
  her forte. The hormone-enriched PonyMix along with the endless hours of running
  each day helped her reach her potential and shaped her body to its task. As
  big as her thighs were today they seemed malnourished compared to the bulk
  she'd sported in her racing prime.  
Even as S'Leah earned praise by winning Junior-League
  races she'd become more and more unmanageable. Where most of her sisters slept
  in groups she kept to herself, which only succeeded in drawing their scorn
  and distrust. As the girls reached maturity the verbal war turned physical,
  and the situation deteriorated until S'Leah had to be locked alone in a stall
  at night. The trainers were well aware there was a problem but nothing they
  did seemed to temper S'Leah's anger. Isolation, whippings, an increased training
  regimen, it all just seemed to inflame her more.  
When she was sixteen the trainers entered the stable
  one morning to find S'Leah had broken loose and kicked one of her stablemates
  halfway to death with her hoofboots. It was the last straw. Even though she
  was purebred of the finest stock, hormone-enhanced, and lifetime trained, she
  was just too unbalanced to keep.  
The mount S'Leah'd kicked would be permanently
  crippled, never to walk without a limp again. If she'd been fertile she could
  have been relegated to breeding duty until she grew too old to conceive, but
  she soon proved barren. As she was not unattractive she was instead sent to
  an inseminarium where they were always in need of females with superb physical
  endurance.  
S'Leah was sold to a city taxi service, where she
  pulled citizens through the streets for two years, until the company owner
  got tired of her trying to bite and kick her stablemates and drivers. She was
  sold to another cab company, where she lasted even less time, and finally ended
  up sold to a trash company, part of a team of ten that pulled a refuse wagon
  to and from the city dump.  
The trash wagon driver was quick with his whip
  during the day and his cock in the evening. S'Leah was a fighter, which made
  her all the more desirable in his eyes. He got into the habit of putting her
  on the tie bar every night and chaining her boots to the floor, so he could
  penetrate her at his leisure without having to worry about being kicked to
  death. It made her act up even more when hitched to the wagon, and the only
  way he could control her was the whip.  
It was on one of her bad days that her benefactor
  found S'Leah. She was in position nine on the team, rear left, and refusing
  to pull. The driver was on the wagon, cursing up a storm and whipping her ass
  into a crosshatch of stripes, when the obviously wealthy woman strolled up
  in the hooded silk robe.  
She took one long look into S'Leah's hate filled
  eyes and offered to buy her right then. The driver was too surprised to argue,
  especially at the sum she offered, and immediately unhitched S'Leah from the
  wagon and drove off.  
The woman unhooked S'Leah's bit, removed the stained
  harness from her head, and looked her in the eyes.  
"I give you your freedom," she said. "My man will
  remove your brands. Then it is up to you. Walk away, out of my sight, if you
  choose." She unhooked the armsleeve from S'Leah's corset and began unlacing
  it. After a minute she was able to pull it free, and S'Leah's arms fell to
  her sides, tingling. It had been three years since her arms had been unbound,
  and they felt alien to her.  
"Or," the woman said, her voice dropping, "I can
  teach you, educate you, show you how to make those who have done this to you
  suffer." The woman looked her in the eye. "You'll never be a slave again," She
  said, "but what you do with the rest of your life is up to you."  
There really had been no choice to make. The woman
  was true to her word, widening S"Leah's eyes to the world around her. She was
  taught how to read, write, and many other useful, less esoteric skills. S'Leah
  learned just how unique she was, how special, was told that was why she'd never
  gotten along with others.  
The two years spent learning under her benefactor
  were the happiest time of her life, but S'Leah knew when it was time to leave.
  She'd been out on her own for eight years doing her benefactor's bidding, confident
  she was helping to make the world a better place, bring it clower to the way
  it used to be, the way it should be.  
Out of harness and eating real food, her breasts
  had tripled in size and her thighs had lost half their bulk. She knew she could
  still outrun any man in the realm, not that she'd ever run from any fight.
  She'd been out of harness long enough that few people if any suspected that
  she'd ever been a pony. Old, retired ponies were common; young free ones were
  rare, almost unheard of. Her nipple rings were ancient history, although the
  painful scar tissue forced her to remember them everyday.  
Her engineered genes were a blessing in some ways.
  Bound behind her nearly constantly for twenty years, common sense said her
  arms should have atrophied. They hadn't, and in fact had filled out with muscle
  in a few short months.  
Royal mounts, whether they raced or hauled nobility
  back and forth to the palace, were expected to look good. S'Leah had been fitted
  for her first tailplug not long after her training first begun, and she'd grown
  up wearing one. No royal pony ever appeared in public without its tailplug,
  and even the taxi companies she'd hauled for had plugged their mounts. After
  fifteen straight years of running while wearing a decorative tailplug, her
  anus was a bulging circular knot of calloused burgundy flesh, unsightly and
  nearly numb. That, more than anything else, marked her as a former highbred
  mount. The tattoo on her neck signifying her status as property of the Royal
  Stables had been removed by palace stablehands when they sold her. The two
  overlapping brands on her left buttock from the taxi services had been removed
  by one of her benefactor's people, leaving not even a ripple.  
S'Leah ran her tongue along her lips to moisten
  the crimson paint, which would last most of the evening without needing a retouch,
  smoothed a wrinkle on her dress, and strode through the doorway to find her
  next customer. The short line of men that had formed, waiting for her, wasn't
  that much of a surprise. She pursed her lips sexily and curled her finger at
  the first in line, sweatily clutching a wad of bills in nervous hands.  
S'Leah eyed those quivering hands as she led him
  around the corner and sank to her knees. Two minutes, tops, if she had to wager.
  Easy money, as long as he wasn't the One.  
"Here's the rules, Sugar," she said.  
 CHAPTER EIGHT-WORKING GIRL  
"Here's your cut so far," S'Leah told Mom, handing
  over a thick roll of bills. Mom got a twenty-five percent cut of all business
  done on the premises, and most of the girls knew enough not to cross her.  
Mom hefted the roll and raised an eyebrow at its
  size. "I noticed you've had a line most of the evening," Mom said, stowing
  the roll underneath the hanging edge of her blouse somewhere, S'Leah didn't
  want to know where. "But I didn't think it was that long."  
"Quick turnaround," S'Leah said distractedly, scanning
  the crowd for new customers. It was near midnight, which meant she had another
  three or four hours before Mom threw the stragglers out. Tomorrow she'd have
  a stiff neck, and diarrhea from all the seed she'd swallowed, but the longer
  than expected number of miners meant she'd have enough money to last her another
  month at least, maybe two.  
"Honey," a working girl leaning against the bar
  said to S'Leah, "doesn't the taste get to you?"  
S'Leah eyed the chesty brunette, dressed in a wide-brimmed
  wrangler hat, brown leather chaps and boots, and sporting a forest of steel
  rings. They pierced her nose, ears, lower lip, nipples, and labia.  
"There aren't any taste buds in your throat,' S'Leah
  pointed out curtly.  
The brunette shook her head. "I can't do that without
  gagging," she said.  
And that's exactly why you'll never be
      anything but a third rate whore who has to mutilate herself to attract
      men  , S'Leah thought. A childhood spent as a pony under the
      tutelage of the royal trainers had taught her she could do anything she
      put her mind to. Controlling her gag reflex was nothing compared to the
      mental concentration, focus, and conditioning needed to run consistent
      three-minute-miles while pulling a carriage. Once her rubber tailplug had
      cracked early in a race, and sliced her up so bad she'd crossed the finish
      line with blood running down the backs of her thighs. S'Leah hadn't noticed
      until one of the Princesses in the stands started screaming.  
S'Leah moved away from the bar, thinking of making
  a detour to her room. Her g-string was packed with bills and getting uncomfortable.  
"So are you the split with the hole in the back
  of her head?"  
S'Leah turned and saw the speaker was a burly miner
  dressed in cracked leathyrs, smelling of whisky and sporting five days growth
  of beard.  
"You looking for some head?" S'Leah asked, not
  responding to his insulting tone.  
"Yeah, you'd look a lot prettier with my cock in
  your mouth," looking around for laughs that never came. He pretended not to
  notice. "Let's go up to your room," he told her.  
He was a little too obnoxious for her taste, but
  she'd been heading up to her room anyway, and money was money.  
"Come on," she said, starting up the stairs.  
"Wow, what an ass. I wouldn't mind parking myself
  in that for a couple hours."  
"I only do oral," S'Leah told him, pulling his
  hand off her right hip. "Don't get to play until you pay."  
"Okay, okay," he said, trying hard to smile.  
Throw and Catch were working a customer in the
  second floor hallway. The two girls always worked as a team, one standing behind
  the man, giving him a reach-around, stroking, while the second knelt in front
  of him making sexy faces and licking her hips. Throw's hand was a blur and
  the man was grunting, his pants pushed down to expose most of his hairy buttocks.
  Their turnaround time was second only to S'Leah's, although she didn't have
  any cleanup to do&mdash;Catch used her whole face. For a little extra money
  Throw would lick her clean, and for a little more she'd spit it back into Catch's
  mouth.  
S'Leah unlocked the door and stepped inside to
  let the man enter. The room was the standard ten by twelve, with a narrow bed
  along one wall, opposite the toilet and an old claw-footed tub in a tiled alcove.
  The walls were wood and plaster and hadn't been painted in years. She shut
  the door but made sure not to lock it.  
"Shouldn't you be on your knees?" he said, grabbing
  his crotch.  
"Money first," she told him.  
"Aw, that'll spoil the mood," he complained.  
"No pay, no play." He tone and the look in her
  eyes told him there was no room for argument. He pulled a sheaf of bills from
  his pocket, counted off her fee, then crumpled up the bills and tossed them
  at her.  
S'Leah caught them easily, to his surprise, and
  put the money on the bed next to her bag.  
"How much for that pussy?" he said as she got down
  on her knees.  
"I only do oral," she told him for the second time.  
"I bet it's nice and tight," he went on like he
  hadn't heard her. "Tastes nice and sweet, too."  
Still on her knees, S'Leah put her fists on her
  hips. "Are we going to do this?" she asked harshly.  
"Yeah, yeah," he said, unzipping and moving forward. "Gonna
  have a hard time choking down this monster," he bragged, fishing out his cock.
  It was  big, even half hard, but she'd seen plenty bigger.  
"Two rules," she said as she brought his organ
  close. "Don't touch my head, and don't talk." She bent her head down and wrapped
  her lips around the head of his cock.  
"I'm paying here," the miner said indignantly. "I'll
  grab your head if I goddamn want to." To prove it he reached down to snag a
  fistful of her hair.  
S'Leah jerked her head back before his grimy fingers
  could get a grip.  
"Hey, listen, fucker, I'm not going to put up with
  any&mdash;"  
The roundhouse slap rocked her head back, left
  a red imprint on her cheek and brought tears to her eyes.  
"Shut up, you fucking cunt, you whore," he said
  savagely, grabbing her by the hair. He yanked her head back. He was hard now,
  and shoved his length into her open mouth.  
"You got a real man here," he shouted, bucking
  against her face. "You're gonna eat it, and then I'm gonna see about that sweet
  pussy." His grip was like iron, his fingers woven into her hair. "You like
  that? You like it, you bitch? Take that big cock."  
His grip was too strong for her to pull away. As
  he violently thrusted into her mouth, balls slapping against her chin, S'Leah
  shifter her weight, leaning forward. She reached up and grabbed his ass with
  both hands and pushed her face forward.  
"Oh, that's it. Yeah. You know you want it. It's
  a monster." He felt her tongue begin to move against his shaft, and reveled
  in the feel of his entire cock down her throat. No one had ever been able to
  take all of him before, and it felt as good as he'd thought it would.  
"You suck it good, slut," he said, letting go of
  her hair to grab the back of her head and pull it hard against him. "Take it
  all."  
S'Leah bit down hard, jerked her head side to side,
  bit down hard again. He stiffened, his hands flying out, and a piercing squeal
  flew from his lips. S'Leah threw herself backwards to the bed, hand darting
  into her bag.  
He took a step toward her, the squeal now turning
  into a scream. S'Leah was on her feet in a flash and turned toward him, the
  tanto flashing in her fist. She slapped his hands away and buried the razor-sharp
  blade in his throat. His hands flew up to the wound even as she began sawing
  the blade back and forth and arterial spray arced through the air. His scream
  stopped abruptly.  
S'Leah grabbed him by the hair with her free hand
  and dragged him backward as she continued to hack at his neck. She kick-swept
  his legs and he went down sideways, landing half in and half out of the bathtub.
  He twitched and flopped like a landed fish as she kept cutting, holding him
  down with a knee. Blood filled the white tub, splashing against its sides,
  gurgling down the drain. Finally the body was still and S'Leah pulled the knife
  back. His head flopped loosely, attached by a single piece of gristle. His
  eyes were wide open, staring blindly at the tub's white enamel. Blood poured
  out of his neck like a faucet, dark red in the dim fluorescent light.  
S'Leah bent down and with a grunt hoisted the rest
  of his body into the tub. The miner's boots hung over the edge, oddly small
  for such a big man. S'Leah strode quickly to the door and locked it, then listened
  at the crack. No shouts, no running feet.  
The wooden floor had a fair share of blood on it
  but would be easy to clean up. She turned the water on in the tub, running
  it lukewarm. It took her just a minute to go through his pockets. All he had
  of value was a tiny nugget of gold and a small wad of bills. She put them on
  the dresser, then opened the small window above the toilet and looked out into
  the alley. It ran behind Mom's, behind all the businesses on this side of the
  street. She could see&mdash;and smell&mdash;the trash cans as well as the piles
  of broken furniture and lumber. The alley was blessedly free of people. The
  only things she saw moving were two of the towns numerous mongrel dogs. Perfect.  
Working quickly and efficiently S'Leah stripped
  the body, washing the blood off the leathyrs. She tossed them into a corner,
  then began rapidly cutting up the body with her long knife, sticking to the
  joints whenever she could. When he was reduced to manageable pieces, washed
  clean of blood, she began dropping them out of the window into the dumpster.
  The dumpster was ten feet to the side, so she had to aim the big chunks. All
  but two of the pieces made it into the metal bin, but the dogs immediately
  grabbed them and began biting off big chunks of flesh. In just a few minutes
  there was nothing left but short pieces of bone, which the dogs trotted off
  with.  
All the room had was one small grey towel. S'Leah
  had to rinse it out about ten times before the floor was clean of blood. She
  cleaned off the knife and put it away, then used a small wall mirror to help
  clean herself up. The blood on her cheeks and chin was nearly dry, and she
  had more trouble scrubbing that off than she had cleaning the drops off her
  rubber dress.  
She was standing in the center of the small room,
  looking around for tiny spots of blood she might have missed, when there was
  a knock at the door. She froze for a second, heart racing, then quietly stepped
  to the door and hit the SecureVu button. The palm-sized, door mounted vidscreen
  displayed the hallway outside the door and the young man nervously standing
  there.  
"Just a minute," she called out. She pulled the
  wad of cash from her g-string and stuffed it into her bag, then darted over
  and kicked the miner's leathyrs under the tub. She checked for any bloodstains
  in the tub, then stopped and put a hand on her stomach. She worked her stomach
  muscles, rolling them upward like waves. She hunched over and opened her mouth.
  With a wet gagging her throat pulsed and a jagged piece of red meat appeared.
  S'Leah grabbed it with two fingers and pulled the miner's organ the rest of
  the way out, then tossed it through the open window. She wiped her lips, then
  unlocked the door and opened it.  
"Hello, Ricky," she said with a smile.  
The young man ducked inside with a shy smile and
  a quick glance at S'Leah.  
"They said you were back in town," he said. He
  was in his twenties, rawboned with a deep tan and poorly cut hair.  
"They were right," S'Leah said, locking the door. "Do
  you have it?"  
Ricky held out some folded bills. S'Leah tossed
  them onto the bed behind him. "Not that, Ricky," she pretended to scold him.  
From a pocket he produced a square vac-sealed wrapper.
  S'Leah ripped the top off and pulled the black rubber LuvGluv out while Ricky
  watched intently, sweat appearing on his forehead.  
"Get on your knees, boy," she told him, as she
  reached underneath her dress to tug the g-string over her hips. It fell to
  the floor and she kicked it away, then stood with her legs apart. Ricky was
  before her, quivering with anticipation.  
"You miss me, boy?" she asked, pulling her dress
  up over her hips. "The other girls don't have what you want?"  
The palace pony breeders experimented with a new
  series of in-utero hormone treatments for the first wave of her generation
  ponies, in addition to the standard gene manipulation. Although the girls did
  develop previously unheard-of speed and endurance, the testosterone-rich hormone
  mixture had an unexpected result.  
S'Leah had a vagina, but it was little more than
  a slit forward of her bulging anus that would rarely accommodate more than
  a finger. Her testicles usually hid it from view, unless she was bent over.
  Her penis was as big as the one she'd just thrown out the window and exceptionally
  veiny. S'Leah was convinced the cock ring she'd been forced to wear while performing
  at special events and during holiday celebrations was the cause of the bulging
  veins. The head of her cock had been vertically ringed just like her nipples,
  locked down when she was racing to the horizontal ring piercing the underside
  of her soft scrotum. She'd had both those rings removed as well, but those
  holes had healed over without scarring.  
S'Leah pulled the black rubber sheath over her
  unfurling member. She tugged it down her shaft, then pulled the pouch down
  to enclose her balls. A rubber cord encircled the base of the LuvGluv, with
  a trailing end, and S'Leah pulled it to tighten the rubber sheath around her
  cock and balls, just like a cock ring. Her organ swelled as the blood was trapped
  within, the big veins visible even through the thick rubber. The LuvGluv was
  no condom, paper thin for increased sensitivity. It was built thick, for hours
  of hard use.  
"Remember, don't touch," she said. She ran both
  her hands through Ricky's hair, then grabbed fistfuls of his brown locks. He
  opened his mouth and she rammed her rubber-sheathed organ down his throat,
  making him gag.  
"Take it you little pussy!" she hissed at him,
  shoving her shaft down his throat. Every time she went deep he gagged, but
  he put his hands behind his back so he wouldn't forget and touch her.  
"You think you're going to take it all this time?" she
  demanded of him. He looked up at her with his big brown eyes. The constant
  gagging was making them tear up, but the abuse was just what he wanted, what
  he was paying her for. When she was finished she knew he'd take the filled
  LuvGluv somewhere private, put it on himself, and masturbate furiously. Ricky
  wouldn't tell anyone about their little arrangement, and neither would she.
  If the miners found out about her extra parts her business would drop off precipitously.
  These backward wastelanders were so closeminded.  
As she brutally skullfucked him, the room echoing
  with the wet sound of his gagging, she idly wondered how much more money she'd
  be able to make before close. The bar was still packed, with more men coming
  in all the time. She had time to do at least another twenty, even if Mom closed
  up early, which wasn't likely.  
 CHAPTER NINE-NEW DIRECTIONS  
S'Leah stroked herself idly, eyes closed, head
  resting on the back of the tub. The bar of soap that she'd found had been third
  rate at best, hardly lathering up at all, but at least the water was hot. It
  helped ease the ache in her neck, and hot water was the only thing that stopped
  the pain in her nipples completely.  
The bar downstairs was quiet, finally. Mom had
  shooed the last miners out just before four a.m., at least all those who hadn't
  found a whore willing to let them overnight. S'Leah had stayed busy right til
  the end, and now her innards were gurgling and churning from all the semen
  she'd ingested. None of the miners had been the One. She was starting to believe
  He didn't exist, no matter what her benefactor said. A figure of myth, not
  that she'd say that to her face.  
Her breasts bobbed against the soapy film coating
  the water as she gently stroked her penis. The tub was too small for real comfort.
  She had to either bend her legs to fit, knees rising out of the water, or hang
  her feet over the edge of the tub.  
The water began to cool and S'Leah reluctantly
  pulled the stopper. She ran the hot water to rinse the soap film from her skin
  and then stood up in the tub. The one towel she had was still damp from mopping
  up blood, although she'd managed to rinse it more or less back to its mottled
  grey hue. She stood in the tub for a few minutes, letting the water drip off,
  then stepped out. S'Leah spread the towel on the wood floor in the center of
  the room, then went to the bed and dug through her bag.  
She returned to the center of the room and sat
  crosslegged on the small towel, still nude. Water dripped slowly from her nipples
  as she laid the grey rectangle, not much bigger than her palm, on the floor
  in front of her. S'Leah took a deep breath, breathed it out slowly, and touched
  the square.  
Vaporous arcs of color swirled up from the square
  to coalesce into a ball in front of her face. The colors slowly churned, finally
  dissolving into the face of her benefactor in her ubiquitous hooded purple
  robe.  
"Yes, my child? How goes the struggle in&hellip;JoTown,
  is it?" There was only a slight electronic warbling to her voice. It should
  have been worse, given the distance.  
"I work hard for the sisterhood, soulmother," S'Leah
  said, bowing her head briefly. "But the work&hellip;I don't know how much I'm
  accomplishing."  
"Tell me what you have learned, child."  
"A royal passed this way less than a day ago, mother.
  She was alone, and left at dawn heading west. White, black, and grey robe,
  and two mounts of exceptionally good breeding. One of the locals here sports
  a hoof-boot shaped bruise on his chest and a cracked rib from trying to mount
  one of these ponies. I'm sorry that I don't have more information. No one really
  saw her face or caught her name, and I'll draw attention to myself if I ask
  too many questions."  
"Nonsense. You've performed excellently, as usual."  
"Should I continue west? I could acquire my own
  mounts and carriage."  
The image pursed its lips. "No, I know where this
  one is going. It would serve no purpose for you to follow. No, instead I want
  you to head north."  
"North?"  
"Find transportation to IronHeart, a small town
  three days travel by pony north. There, on the fourth day, a person will be
  boarding a stagecoach north to Greenwood. This person is of the bloodline,
  and will behave as such, so you will have no problems with identification.
  There may be attendants. You are to make this person's acquaintance, and make
  your company so desirable they ask you to accompany them beyond Greenwood.
  An estate is within a few days travel from Greenwood, I know not where. This
  is your destination. How you get there is up to you. However, I will add that
  by reputation this person is very accessible, and has a taste for the unusual.
  The more unusual the better, they say. From the Clan Infibula. Can you do this?"  
"If it can be done, I will do it, soulmother," S'Leah
  said, bending her head.  
"You seem tense, child. Are you still searching
  for the One?"  
"Everywhere I go." There was a hint of discouragement
  in her voice.  
"You have a gift, even though you do not appreciate
  it as such. With your gift you serve the sisterhood. Revel in that  when
  you are gathering seed, and the weight will be lifted from your heart. Now
  go. You have three days to think and plan. Empty yourself of petty concerns.
  Lose your fears in the vastness of the western deserts. Rejoice in your life,
  in your freedom, in your being  ."  
S'Leah bent her head and clasped her hands together. "My
  love, my heart, my loins burn for you," she said in parting.  
"The fire keeps us pure," the figure acknowledged,
  and then the image fuzzed and dissolved.  
Duster was up before sunrise, wanting to be on
  the road while the air was still cool and moist. He slept with his team in
  the stables, as was his practice. No one had yet successfully stolen or mounted
  one of his ponies, and although they were both branded and barren, he wanted
  to keep it that way. Besides, usually at least one of the team was frisky after
  a hard run, so it was almost his duty to make himself available to them. It
  kept them from trying to stray.  
The JoTown stables had a nice oversize stall where
  he could bed down all eight of his ponies. Very convenient. He'd just lock
  himself in with them, and their security was assured. They slept in just their
  armbinders, hooked to their tall collars. The frisky ones either approached
  him or a teammate, spread their legs, and simulated thrusting motions to indicate
  their desires, then laid down on their backs (for a teammate) or got on their
  knees (for him). Even with their bits out they didn't talk, although they often
  licked one another to sleep. They usually climaxed before he did, so it always
  worked out better for him when more than one of them wanted his attentions.  
The night before none of the team had been interested
  in anything other than sleeping after their long day in the heat. He'd barely
  wrestled his lead pony onto her knees before she'd fallen asleep, knees to
  chest, forehead against the stable floor, and no amount of vigorous thrusting
  was enough to wake her up. Her skin was black as night, and still hot from
  the sun baking it all day. Duster liked it better when they were awake, but
  either way it still felt good. He stared at her stubbly head as he worked his
  tool in her moist folds and made a mental note to shave their heads again soon.  
In the morning he'd awakened with a piercing headache
  for no apparent reason, and was a little rough putting their leathyrs on. With
  their high pain threshold none of them appeared to notice. They each got a
  handful of ponymix and free access to the water hose while he worked them into
  their bits, boots, and corsets. The only bad thing about overwatered mounts
  was that they tended to cramp up, but he deliberately took it slow first thing
  in the morning so that was never a problem. Better minor cramping from a full
  belly than major cramping from dehydration. He had no passengers booked for
  the trip north, but he made it a habit after hitching his team up to pull the
  coach around to the front of Mom's in case somebody decided they needed to
  leave town quickly.  
The sun was just peeking over the horizon when
  he snapped the reins. With a chorus of creaking leathyr the team leaned into
  their harnesses and pulled the stagecoach around the corner of the stables
  and into the street. The air was still cool, almost brisk for that time of
  year, but without a cloud in the sky he knew it would be a scorcher by midday.  
One lone figure was standing in front of Mom's,
  watching the team approach. At first he thought it was a fresh-faced teenage
  boy, but as Duster reined his team to a stop he realized it was just a short-haired
  woman. She wore black leathyr pants over square-toed boots and a charcoal grey
  shortwaisted jacket of rough cotton. She peered into the coach, saw nobody,
  then looked around to see if there was anyone else waiting.  
"No passengers?" S'Leah asked.  
Duster jerked his thumb behind him at the boxes
  strapped to the top of the coach. "Just supplies for Gravestown," he said.
  The ponies shifted restlessly in the cool air&mdash;they got anxious whenever
  they were in harness and not running. A few squatted and relieved themselves
  in the dusty street, and he climbed down from the coach with a grunt.  
Something about the woman seemed familiar, but
  he couldn't remember ever seeing her before. He grabbed the pony shovel from
  where it was leaning against the porch post. "You lookin' for passage?"  
"How long to Ironheart?" The front of her jacket
  was undone and he caught a glimpse of tight black rubber beneath it. He didn't
  know how these people did it, wore rubber in a desert climate, but they did.
  Leathyr and  rubber. He knew that was all most of them
  could afford, and the clothes sported brass eyelets in strategic places for
  ventilation, but still  . His hemp outfit was hot enough,
  but at least it breathed, and he'd been willing to pay the extra money for
  that.  
"Three and a half days." He scooped up the dark
  stools from between his ponies shuffling hoofboots and dumped them in the nearby
  barrel. The pungent puddles would be dry before most of the town was awake.  
"Three and a half?"  
"Day and a half to Gravestown. I stop there and
  overnight, then it's another day and a half to Ironheart." Her leathyr pants
  were tight around her muscular thighs but baggy everywhere else. After a decade
  driving ponies he appreciated a woman with strong thighs. She also showed the
  promise of healthy breasts under that jacket, but whether he'd ever get to
  taste her wares&hellip;.There was no way to tell if she was one of the sockets-for-hire
  that worked Mom's, and he wasn't about to ask. She looked like there was a
  lot of mean in her just waiting for a chance to leak out.  
She squinted in thought and scuffed a toe in the
  dirt. The square toed boots had three and a half inch heels, the closest she
  could come to standing flatfooted after twenty years in hoofboots on the balls
  of her feet.  
"I need to be in Ironheart, and no later than that.
  You pick up many passengers in Gravestown?"  
"None. Purely a supply stop, pick up and drop off.
  Sometimes one of 'em'll come south, but they don't go up to Ironheart." She'd
  obviously never been to Gravestown, or she wouldn't have asked the question. "I'll
  get you to Ironheart on time, that I guarantee."  
"How much?"  
"Seventy."  
There was a brief pause, then she dug into her
  bag for the cash, which she handed him. S'Leah looked around once, saw no one
  else heading for the coach, and then opened the door and climbed aboard.  
The bag had triggered Duster's memory. Same kind
  as the robed woman he'd dropped off the day before had carried. Could it be
  the same person? She was the right size, had the right build.  
Oh well. He shrugged, climbed back into his seat,
  flicked the reins, and they moved away from Mom's. The team knew the route,
  and even with the explosive growth JoTown was still a small town. There was
  only one road heading north, and even at a slow trot they were away from the
  last buildings in just a few minutes.  
The coach had decent springs, and bounced only
  slightly as the ponies pulled it over the hardpacked road. S'Leah locked the
  doors and peered out the windows to both sides. Nothing visible in either direction
  other than rolling scrubland, and the driver couldn't see inside, unless he
  climbed onto the roof and hung his head over the edge. She took off her jacket
  and folded it, placing it on the bench seat as a pillow. The black rubber top
  she wore was highnecked and sleeveless. Her breasts spilled out of the horizontal
  oval opening in the rubber sheath. The opening across her chest was just barely
  big enough to accommodate her fleshy globes, which were pushed together by
  the tight rubber. Miners, ever the poetic types, called it a titshirt. They
  were quite popular among whores and their customers, as well as those women
  who couldn't afford brassieres or were too busty to comfortably wear standard
  rubber sheath tops. S'Leah's nipples were two reasons she was wearing one.  
Though she wouldn't admit it to herself, the two
  decades spent as a mount had left certain indelible marks on her psyche that
  she was powerless to erase. It was almost impossible for her to fall asleep
  unless she folded her arms up behind her back, as if she was still in an armbinder,
  and most mornings she'd find she'd wedged something between her jaws during
  the night to act as a bit. The tight clothing she favored mirrored, in some
  ways, the corset she'd worn. But S'Leah refused to even acknowledge that she
  could never fully escape her past. She lay on her side on the bench, and rested
  her head on her folded cotton jacket. The wooden seat was cold against the
  side of her breast, but soon warmed.  
Between not having slept all night and the coach's
  gentle bouncing, she was fast asleep inside two minutes, shifting restlessly
  for a while. Finally, she folded her arms up between her shoulder blades, fingertips
  up near the nape of her neck, and passed into deep, dreamless sleep.  
 CHAPTER TEN--GRAVESTOWN  
"What the hell is that?" S'Leah raised a hand to
  shield her eyes from the harsh sun. The movement lifted her breasts and Duster
  eyed them appreciatively She'd made it clear she wasn't interested, but if
  she was going to sit up here beside him with her tits in the breeze, he was
  going to look at them whenever he damn well wanted. It was odd&mdash;his ponies
  had theirs out and bouncing around all the time, but watching them didn't do
  anything for him. He guessed it must be because they were ponies and didn't
  have any choice in the matter.  
"That's Gravestown."  
S'Leah studied the row of dark forms stretching
  across nearly the whole horizon. She couldn't tell what she was looking at
  because the heat mirage turned everything in the distance to boiling soup.  
She'd spent the whole first day in the coach, sleeping,
  planning, and pleasuring herself. They'd overnighted under a massive overhang,
  and Duster built a fire to keep the team warm. Out in the desert he kept them
  in their leathyrs but unhitched them&mdash;there was nowhere for them to wander
  off to. The sight of the team huddled together on the ground against the cool
  air brought forth a torrent of memories of her life in the royal stables. As
  difficult as she'd been there'd still been many nights when she slept with
  the other mounts. The musk of leathyr, rubber, and cocoa butter lotion filled
  her nostrils as they lay side by side in their armbinders and ballgags in the
  royal stables. As high-performance mounts heavily doped with hormones and bred
  for speed, there was hardly a night when the Royal ponies didn't fall asleep
  after hours of grinding against each other's thighs. During the day they ridiculed
  it, but at night the other mounts appreciated S'Leah's veiny organ. Its head,
  of course, was ringed to the underside of her scrotum, but her stablemates
  could still effectively rub themselves against its hard curved length, bringing
  themselves and her off. Shins, knees, buttocks and toes were also popular grinding
  surfaces&mdash;pretty much anything they could wrap their thighs around. None
  of the trainers made an issue about her seed, so S'Leah assumed she was sterile.  
Duster shot a large hare with the coach gun and
  cooked it on a spit over the fire. He fed his team by hand as they knelt in
  a semicircle around the blaze. S'Leah sat on a rock and watched the whole thing,
  eating her meat, her face expressionless. The rabbit was tasty, but her appetite
  was soured by having to watch him finger feed the morsels to the mounts. They
  ate PonyMix too, and drank a lot of water before lying down together. For an
  hour they'd been nothing but an undulating pile of flesh. Duster had waded
  in, and in gratitude for the tasty rabbit flesh, and perhaps to expend the
  energy they all had after a relatively easy run on what had turned out to be
  an unseasonably cool day, the ponies had buried him with their writhing bodies.
  S'Leah had slept in a ballgag all her days as a pony, but Duster only bitted
  his ponies when they were in harness. His ponies seemed to prefer tonguing
  each other to grinding, and the overhang echoed with the sounds of their pleasure.  
S'Leah had quickly retreated into the coach, telling
  herself she was disgusted, even though the tightness of her pants said it was
  more than just disgust she was feeling. She'd only decided to ride with Duster
  the next morning because the coach was making her claustrophobic.  
They were several hours past the noon water stop
  when she'd spotted the dark line on the horizon. As the ponies jogged the line
  turned into a giant ragged fence, stretching from the edge of the road in front
  of them to the east for at least a mile, until the mirage melted the sky and
  earth into a molten sliver shimmer.  
When the coach was a mile out the jumbled forms
  finally resolved themselves into row after row of huge airplanes. She'd seen
  pictures of them in history books, but hadn't realized they were so big. There
  were too many to count, crouching in the dirt like a huge swarm of rusting
  locusts.  
"Airplane graveyard," Duster told her. "And heliochoppers,
  big mechanical wagons, and a bunch of other things I don't know the names of." He
  cursed at the hot sun and wiped at the sweat trickling down his nose. She still
  wore her rubber top and leathyr pants, but he was damned if he could see one
  hint of sweat on her. Hell, even his mounts were sweating, and it hadn't been
  that long since their last water break.  
"People live here?"  
He nodded. "They search the graveyard for salvage,
  which they sell for supplies, food. I take their finds to a dealer in Greenwood,
  he gives me money, and I buy what I can from their shopping list at the mercantile."  
S'Leah could hardly think of a life more depressing.
  Living in a graveyard of lifeless, rusting steel, picking the carcasses for
  crumbs, surrounded by a sea of barren rolling hills.  
"Why don't they do it themselves?" she asked him. It
      would give them an excuse to get the hell out of this desolate place  ,
      she thought, if only for a few days  .  
"Do the trading?" He shrugged. "They could, but
  they like keeping to themselves. That's why they're here, in the middle of
  nowhere. Most of 'em haven't had much luck fitting in most places. They wandered
  in one at a time and decided to stay."  
They kept rolling closer and closer, and the line
  of machinery just extended alongside the road as far as she could see.  
"How much land does this cover?" she asked in wonder.  
"Miles," Duster told her. "Their . . . meeting
  place is near the midpoint. Once we past the first hulk we've got another mile
  and a half."  
A short while later they passed the first dessicated
  plane fuselage, lying on its side near the road. Most of the other planes were
  in better shape and lined the right side of the road. Some still perched on
  landing gear that hadn't collapsed.  
S'Leah stared at the corroded hulks, surprised
  at their complexity. The rows were evenly spaced and stretched away from the
  road as far as she could see. There was no sign of human life anywhere.  
"We're staying here  for the
  rest of the day?" she said, pulling on her grey jacket. The rough cotton against
  her nipples made her wince.  
Duster shot a small smile her way. "Trust me, it's
  more inviting than it looks." The ponies had increased their pace as soon as
  they'd caught sight of the row of planes. They were always happy to end a run,
  but for some reason they seemed to like Gravestown more than most of their
  stops. He tugged on the reins, slowing them to a fast walk, so they wouldn't
  cramp up when they stopped.  
A break in the endless line of dead machines appeared
  before them. In a gap big enough to park several planes a handful of buildings
  had been thrown together. They appeared to be made of salvaged parts, bolted
  or welded together to form small misshapen huts.  
"Stables, water tanks, refuse pit," Duster said. "They
  actually live in the field, in and amongst the planes."  
As the team slowly clip-clopped toward the cluster
  of buildings S'Leah looked around. Still no sign of people.  
"They'll most likely be out in the fields, scrounging
  parts," he said to her unanswered question. "But there's bound to be someone
  around, they know I'm coming."  
Duster halted the team alongside the largest of
  the conglomerated buildings, a two-story boxy steel structure. A wide metal
  door had been rolled open on the south side of the building, the shaded side.
  The inside was pitch blackness.  
"Hello there!" Dusty boomed, his voice fading away
  flatly into the distance. "Stagecoach! Supplies!" He stood up and slowly climbed
  down off the coach on stiff legs. S'Leah heard a clank and a silhouette appeared
  in the doorway.  
"Dusty, you goat, what the hell you yellin fer?" The
  woman stepped into the light and squinted at him. "You know we're never more'n
  a toss away."  
The drawl was a bit unexpected, as was her appearance.
  S'Leah had been expecting miners, or their equivalent. This woman was in her
  twenties, had long blonde hair tied into a ponytail which was pulled through
  the hole in the back of her billed navy blue ball cap. She wore stained dark
  blue coveralls, and from the way they hung on her she had to be rather thin.
  Her tiny hands confirmed S'Leah's suspicions that she was smallboned and skinny.
  The woman had an attractive face, lightly tanned with strong cheekbones, which
  looked totally out of place above the dirty and stained coveralls. A nametag
  on the left side of her chest read MIA. Mia had a wide black smudge on her
  jaw. She was, oddly enough, barefooted.  
"Got someone wit ya this time, I see," she said.  
"Heading to Ironheart," Duster said. "She's, uh
  . . ." he waved a vague hand at S'Leah. "Hell, I don't know who she is."  
"S'Leah," she introduced herself.  
Mia smiled and nodded, stuffing her hands in the
  front pockets of her coveralls. "Pleased to meet ya," she said.  
S'Leah almost jumped back as a huge shape glided
  from the doorway. Mia looked down and absently patted the Great Dane's head.
  Its shoulders came up to her hips. It blinked slowly, having just awakened
  form its midday nap. The dog spotted S'Leah and came toward her. She tried
  not to look nervous as the big dog approached, but all it did was bury its
  nose in her crotch.  
"Were you able to get everything on the list?" The
  question came from the doorway, and another woman stepped into view. This one
  was middleaged, with a creased, tanned face and a warm smile. Her stocky body
  was shapely, but thirty pounds the far side of voluptuous, and her light blue
  coveralls strained at the seams. Her cleavage was, in a word, abundant. Her
  black hair was brushcut and peppered with grey, and she wore a silver ring
  through each earlobe.  
"All but the toggle bolts. What, not even a hello,
  how do you do?" Duster said, feigning hurt feelings.  
"Awww, you poor baby," the woman said. She moved
  quickly to Duster, cupped his chin in both hands, and planted a wet kiss on
  his lips with an exaggerated smack. "Feel better now?"  
Duster smiled. "Only if you're going to help me
  unload this wagon."  
A second dog emerged from the shadows, this one
  a Doberman Pinscher. Only the short-haired breeds had survived the germ years,
  S'Leah knew, and the bigger they were the better they'd done. The Doberman
  came directly over to S'Leah and pushed its nose into her crotch, snuffling
  hard.  
"Just push them away, they won't bite," the older
  woman told he, nudging the dog's muzzle. She looked around for the Great Dane
  and saw it was in amongst the ponies. It had pushed its nose between one of
  the mounts' legs and was busy licking her with his wide tongue. The pony was
  quivering with delight and had widened her stance and cocked her hips to give
  the dog better access.  
"Dusty," the woman said, and jerked her head at
  the dog. "Should I grab him?"  
Dusty gave it just a second of thought. "Aw, let
  'em have their fun," he said. The mount was grunting against her bit and pushing
  her hips into the dog's snout. The dog licked and licked and licked like a
  mindless automaton. She would've been on the balls of her feet if the hoofboots
  hadn't forced it of her anyway. The Doberman left S'Leah and wandered toward
  the ponies. A few of them saw it and turned as well as they could in their
  harnesses and spread their legs invitingly.  
"I'm Gwenda," the woman said, extending her hand.
  S'leah took it and gave her name.  
"We don't have much, but we've got a coldwater
  well and some shade," Gwenda told her jovially. "After sundown we're gonna
  start a fire or three and have us a barbeque. You're welcome to join us."  
"Those rabbits doin fine?" Duster asked, loosing
  the ties that kept the supplies from shifting on the coach's roof.  
"Hell, we catch 'em quicker'n we kin raise 'em," Gwenda
  said.  
"Am I gonna get any help up here or what?" Dusty
  demanded.  
"Keep yourself cool," she chided him. "Georgie!" Gwenda
  called out. "Georgieee!"  
S'Leah heard mumbling and another person emerged
  from the shed. He was a hulking brute, and walked uncertainly, like he'd just
  learned how. His forehead bulged oddly, and his tongue was far too big for
  his mouth. He looked around, with a gaze so vacant S'Leah wasn't sure he even
  saw her. He wore stained coveralls too short in the arms and legs, and smelled
  like he hadn't taken them off to wash in weeks.  
Georgie mumbled to himself, the sounds garbled
  and unintelligible, and looked around slowly until he spotted Gwenda. She pointed
  to the top of the stagecoach.  
"Supplies, Georgie!" she said. "Grabby grab. Help
  grabby grab."  
He gave a forceful grunt, said three nonsense syllables
  that barely made it past his tongue, and walked toward the coach. S'Leah got
  out of the way as Dusty began tossing down forty pound bags of fertilizer and
  flour. Georgie caught them like they were feathers.  
Mia walked into view around the back of the building.
  S'Leah hadn't noticed her leave, but while she'd been gone she'd changed her
  clothes. The longsleeve blue coveralls had been replaced by grey bib overall
  shorts, but she'd kept the billed cap and still hadn't put on any shoes. She
  approached the group, hands buried in her front pockets, looking bored.  
Her legs were far too skinny for S'Leah's taste.
  They looked like twigs coming out of the shorts, but she realized her perception
  of what skinny legs were was forever skewed by her time around ponies. Mia
  had apparently nothing on under the canvas overalls. The bob front covered
  her breasts, barely, but the openings on the sides went down to her hipbones.
  Her breasts were mere swellings on her chest, her ribs prominent.  
"Mia, this is S'Leah," Gwenda said. Mia put out
  her hand.  
"We've met," S'Leah said, looking at the hand.  
"No no, that was Mia  ," Gwenda
  told her. "This is Nia  ."  
"Oh," S'Leah said with a bit of confusion, but
  shook her hand anyway. Twins, she supposed, although physically she couldn't
  detect any difference. Identicals?  
"We've got running water in here," Gwenda said
  to S'Leah. "Let me show you, maybe you'll want to clean up while they're unloading
  and taking care of the team."  
The Doberman wandered over to Nia and stuck his
  snout inside the loose pantleg of her overall shorts. Wet snuffling sounds
  came from inside Nia's overalls. S'Leah stared at the dog and Nia with the
  bored expression on her face as she followed Gwenda into the building.  
The combination stable, supply closet, and maintenance
  shed was dark and surprisingly cool. Gwenda led S'Leah to an alcove across
  from a ponywashing stall. A stained sink was set into a scored wooden counter.
  Gwenda pointed out the chunk of soap and found a small hand towel for S'Leah
  that was stained but clean.  
"Yer welcome to wander around," Gwenda told her.
  She slid shut the chest-high door that separated the sink area from the rest
  of the building and leaned her elbows on it. "Not much going on now. Once it
  cools down we all migrate toward the center of the graveyard. We got some cooking
  pits out there, and tonight we're going to have some rabbit and lizard. Someone'll
  show you the way, the field's pretty big."  
"That's very kind of you," S'Leah said. "I wasn't
  expecting to get fed. How much do I owe you?"  
"Now don't insult me by offering to pay for what's
  just common courtesy," Gwenda scolded her. She watched as S'Leah took off her
  jacket and beat it to remove some of the embedded dust.  
"Well, you're surprisingly well equipped," Gwenda
  remarked, apropos of nothing. When S'Leah gave her a strange look Gwenda smiled
  and straightened up.  
"I'll leave you alone to wash up," she said brightly. "Hope
  you've got a good appetite." Gwenda strolled off with a wave.  
S'Leah undressed and scrubbed herself down with
  the small towel. The soap was harsh and the water trickled from the rusty faucet,
  but it still felt wonderful to scrub the road dirt from her pores. S'Leah rinsed
  off her rubber titshirt and slid it back on still wet. She used the towel to
  wipe her leathyr pants off inside and out before putting those back on too.
  She wore no underwear, never having gotten used to it after so many years as
  a pony. Just getting used to the feel of outerwear, pants and shirts, had taken
  her months.  
As she was finishing up Dusty led his team in.
  He hosed them off two at a time before locking them into a plain cement-floored
  room at the back of the building where they would sleep. By the time he'd finished
  with the team the sun was sinking toward the horizon and the oppressive heat
  had slackened somewhat. After spreading out a few ratty blankets to protect
  his ponies from the concrete, which could get very cold at night, Dusty found
  S'Leah leaning against the open door, staring out at the dessicated airplane
  hulks.  
"Well, the team's all set," he said, making conversation.
  She glanced at him and he made a point of looking at her face, instead of at
  her chest. She still wore her rubber titshirt, and had foregone the jacket.  
"How many people live here?" she asked him. He
  could just make out a few figures in the distance, moving among the planes,
  as tiny as ants.  
"I don't know, thirty or forty," he said.  
"How many men?"  
"Oh, just Georgie, and maybe two more like him," Dusty
  told her. "No real men."  
"Then why'd you lock your mounts up?" she asked
  him. One of the distant figures was heading their way, walking slowly.  
"The dogs," he told her. "There's dozens of 'em
  wandering around here. I don't want them humping my mares, they won't run well."  
That explanation didn't ring particularly true
  to S'Leah. He didn't seem too worried the night before when he'd  been
  the one humping his ponies. Jealousy, maybe? Well, they were his ponies.  
The figure grew close enough for S'Leah to see
  it was a woman, a brunette, with an awkward gait. The reason for her lopsided
  walk grew apparent as she drew close&mdash;her belly was distended with child.  
"Hello, Dusty," she called out between pants. She
  wore a light yellow dress that billowed around her slender legs. Her belly
  was very large. S'Leah guessed she was due anytime. The woman's breasts strained
  the buttons running down the front of the dress. It look like they'd doubled
  in size since she'd bought the dress.  
"Hi there Miri."  
Her breath was ragged and she was sweating profusely. "I
  need some water," she said, then looked at S'Leah. "Hitchin a ride with this
  ne'er do well?" she asked.  
S'Leah smiled and nodded and introduced herself.
  Miri had a wide pretty face, with light brown hair cut short and feathered
  around the edges. She didn't seem to have on anything under the dress and still
  she was sweating heavily. Technically she should have been at a birthing center,
  or under the personal attention of one of the territory's roaming midwives,
  but S'Leah knew how problematic that could be. She couldn't imagine what it
  was like, being pregnant. Miri's belly led the way wherever she went, huge
  and alien to S'Leah's eyes. Pregnant women weren't common sight; she couldn't
  remember how long it'd been since she'd seen one.  
Miri headed into the building and S'Leah was left
  alone with Dusty again. "Well, I think I'm going to head in," he said. "They
  tell you how to get there?" he asked her.  
"No, not really."  
"Just head down this row here," he pointed between
  two planes. "When you get to the big red plane on the right, turn left, go
  three rows, turn right, and you'll run into the clearing. Easy to find." He
  pushed off from the doorway and started walking across the dusty ground.  
Gwenda had said to start heading toward the cooking
  pits at sundown, but S'Leah didn't want to try navigating through the creepy
  phantom-like husks after dark. She headed back inside to grab her bag and found
  Miri nude in the washing stall, hosing herself off. S'Leah couldn't help but
  stare at her distended belly. She'd never seen a pregnant woman nude before.
  Miri's breasts were swollen to an enviable firmness and her big palm-sized
  nipples were a dark brownish-red. Suddenly she noticed Miri was watching her.  
"Sorry, I didn't mean to stare," S'Leah said, averting
  her eyes and spinning away to find her bag.  
"That's okay, I'm used to it. That's the only good
  thing about this belly, it gets me attention." Miri's sex was swollen and distended,
  its lips dark and hanging down several inches. S'Leah didn't know if this was
  because she was pregnant, fro the weight of her belly above, or&hellip;.she
  tore her eyes away again and found her bag.  
"Nice to meet you," she muttered, and hurried away.  
Miri smiled and closed her eyes as the cool water
  trickled over her hot body. She rinsed the dirt and grime out of her hair,
  then shut off the water and waited to drip dry.  
Dusty had locked up the ponies in their stall again,
  she saw. Didn't want the dogs in with his mounts. Too jealous. Nice man, but
  not the smartest guy around. She put her eye to the crack in the door and saw
  the outline of the dog door in the outside wall of the stall. It sounded like
  there were at least three dogs in there already with the team, although she
  could only see the tip of one wildly gyrating tail. The dogs would be in and
  out of there all night, and gone for good before Dusty ever got the pen unlocked
  in the morning, none the wiser. As usual.  
 CHAPTER ELEVEN--THE COLLECTIVE  
S'Leah had been expecting a five or ten minute
  walk, but she'd been trudging between the towering airships for fifteen minutes
  and still couldn't see the red one Duster had mentioned. She had to assume
  his directions were good, since she had no alternative, but it was getting
  dark and she didn't relish getting lost in the huge junkyard  
Up close the airplanes were even more impressive
  in size. At least half still perched on their landing gear and towered over
  her, blocking the stars as they slowly appeared.  
A low growl grew audible behind her and S'Leah
  turned, gripping the handle of the tanto inside her bag. Instead of one of
  the many dogs inhabiting Gravestown, two of whom were paralleling her, she
  saw a motorized buggy approaching her across the sandy desert floor. S'Leah
  hadn't seen a gas powered vehicle since she'd crossed Big River into the Western
  Territories. The Gravestown residents must have located a well with a pump
  that still worked, and found some way to refine the oil.  
Gwenda pulled up next to her with a grin. The buggy
  had four knobby balloon tires and pulled a small trailer.  
"I can't believe Dusty just left you to find yer
  own way," Gwenda said with a shake of her head. She wore thick-lensed goggles
  to protect her eyes from the blowing sand. She jerked a thumb back to the trailer. "Jump
  on."  
S'Leah sat on the flatbed trailer next to Miri
  and Gwenda slowly accelerated down the row of planes. Blue clouds of exhaust
  burped from the buggy's tailpipe every time Gwenda changed gears.  
The red plane, with looked brown in the gathering
  gloom, was just a minute ahead. Gwenda turned left, then right, then followed
  a narrow aisle for half a mile. Then the aisle opened up into a large clearing
  a hundred yards across. Three fire pits dotted the clearing, clustered in the
  center. Blankets and rickety handmade chairs circled the pits.  
After the emptiness of the desert the fifteen or
  so people in the clearing seemed like a crowd to S'Leah. She and Miri climbed
  off the trailer and Gwenda drove off to collect more stragglers.  
In the deepening shadows S'Leah could see large
  gardens underneath most of the planes within view. She supposed the shade made
  life easier for the plants. Also, several of the planes looked inhabited. She
  saw movement and the flickering light of candles in two, and a wide ramp ran
  down from the back of a third. The ground at the end of the ramp was packed
  hard and dotted with footprints.  
A fire was started in one pit, and soon the other
  two were going as well. S'Leah drifted in that direction but couldn't tell
  what they were using for fuel. The desert wasn't exactly rich with wood.  
"Dried vines," one of the firebuilders told S'Leah
  when she asked. "Where it's shady they grow up the landing gear and just tear
  apart the aluminum. We cut them down and dry them in the sun. They burn like
  tumbleweeds."  
More and more women filled the clearing as the
  light went out of the sky and the stars came out. Double spits were set up
  over each fire and over a dozen skinned and cleaned rabbits and four sand lizards
  were produced.  
As the meat began to cook S'Leah was given a spot
  to sit in front of one of the fires, on an old red plaid blanket. Small bowls
  were handed out, filled with mixed greens and berries in a sparse salad. Women
  sat around all the fires and ate, talking quietly and laughing. On one side
  of S'Leah was Gwenda, acting as a sort of host. To her other was a darkly tanned
  woman simply called Gomez, in brown leathyr pants and a denim longsleeve shirt.  
"Do you do this every night?" S'Leah asked Gwenda,
  looking around the clearing at the fires and the laughing women.  
Gwenda looked around and smiled. "Well, this is
  our gathering place, and we sleep around here, in the planes." She nodded her
  head at the airplane with the well-traveled ramp. "Most every night we've got
  a fire going, and something cooking, but we're here or there." She waved a
  hand at the surrounding darkness. "Not everyone likes to be sociable every
  night. But every fifth night we fire up all three pits and have a party. Everyone
  has to make an appearance, and share what news&mdash;and meat&mdash;they have,
  even if they're not feeling friendly. A few of the women make what they can
  with the vegetables, and we pass around the tea." Gwenda handed S'Leah a steaming
  mug. She sniffed at the tangy brew it held.  
"Chukka root tea," Gwenda told her knowingly. S'Leah
  had never heard of chukka root, much less its tea, but she nodded and took
  a sip. Not bad. Gwenda smiled, and went back to talking to Mia. Or Nia, S'Leah
  couldn't tell. Actually, whoever it was had changed into baggy shorts and a
  poorly made brown leathyr vest, so S'Leah had no way of knowing which sister
  it was.  
"S'Leah, have you met Tia?" Gwenda asked her. Tia
  gave her a wide smile.  
"Tia," S'Leah repeated. "No, I haven't heard that
  name before."  
"Hope this isn't too coarse for you," the ponytailed
  blonde said, waving her hand at the fires and the roasting rabbits. "Sometimes
  I think we forget what it must look like to cultured folk."  
"Is it that apparent?" S'Leah said.  
Tia smiled and wandered toward the nearest fire.
  Halfway there she met up with two figures and they began talking. S'Leah sipped
  at her tea and watched them converse. Tia, talking to Mia and Nia if she had
  to judge from their clothing. And, except for their clothing, all perfectly
  identical.  
S'Leah leaned over to Gwenda. "How many of them
  are there?" she asked, nodding at the trio. Gwenda looked in that direction.  
"Four," she said.  
"Mia, Nia, Tia, and&hellip;?"  
"Pia," Gwenda said. She peered around and pointed
  at the third bonfire. Pia wore leathyr shorts, a long sleeve button-down shirt,
  and wore her long hair loose.  
Clones. S'Leah studied them over her tea as she
  waited for the rabbit to cook. Found unsuited to whatever task they'd been
  grown for? Given their freedom? On the run? How they'd ended up in this arid
  junkyard was probably quite a story.  
By the time the meat arrived, rabbit and lizard,
  sliced into strips and accompanied by a fresh baked roll, S'Leah was joking
  and laughing with the women around her. She felt uncharacteristically relaxed
  and free of worries. Surrounded by friendly people, eating good food, the anger
  she held in her heart sunk out of sight. She felt like a normal person, talking
  and laughing, and didn't hold herself in as she always did. The good food and
  laughter, the cool air and the heat from the fire combined to make her forget
  her past, lower her guard, and to freely give of herself.  
"Don't you worry about attacks?" S'Leah asked Gwenda
  as she leaned back on her elbows, stomach full from the excellent meal.  
"Not too much," Gwenda said. "We're a lot better
  defended than you'd think. The dogs spot anybody long before they get close,
  so we get advance warning of any visitors, day or night. We also have quite
  a few weapons, heavy  weapons. A few that we bartered
  for, but most we just found in the graveyard and repaired."  
"And this place is a maze, especially at night," Gomez
  added, leaning in toward S'Leah. Her face came close and she licked her lips,
  staring at S'Leah's mouth. After a few seconds she leaned back, smiling.  
"We've only had one major raid in the past five
  years," Gwenda said. "A nomad caravan stopped and thought we'd be easy pickins."  
"What happened?" S'Leah found herself talking to
  Gwenda's chest. Somehow Gwenda's coveralls had become unzipped down nearly
  to her navel, exposing the inner third of both breasts. They threatened to
  spill out entirely every time she moved. S'Leah's jacket was nowhere to be
  found, and the cool night air kept her nipples painfully hard, but she didn't
  care.  
"They're buried in Northwest Thirty," Gwenda told
  her.  
"All except Cutt," Gomez said, leaning in again.  
"And their dogs," another woman sitting nearby
  in darkness said, and gave a laugh.  
"Cutt?" S'Leah asked, her face close enough to
  Gomez' to feel her breath.  
Gomez looked around and then nodded at a woman
  standing on the far side of the fire. S'Leah couldn't believe she hadn't noticed
  her before.  
"She was a statua, a living piece of art for Clan
  Infibula before being sold to someone who sold her to someone who got killed
  by the nomads," Gomez whispered in her ear. "She killed four of them herself
  when the opportunity arose."  
At first glance Cutt appeared squat, but S'Leah
  soon saw that her body was thick with muscle, making her appear shorter than
  she was. She stood before the fire and stared into its flames, totally nude
  in the cool evening air. S'Leah herself knew of the statua, and Cutt had probably
  never worn clothes. They would have covered up her tattoos.  
The tattoos covered her entire body from her hairline
  to her ankles, done solely in jet black ink. There was much more bare flesh
  than inked, but every part of her body was accented in some way. She had an
  exaggerated, inked widow's peak, and her eyelids were totally black. Thin black
  lines covered the outside edge of her ears. There was a tattooed necklace with
  pendant around her throat, and a sun with black flames encircling her navel
  A peaked crescent on the lower slope of her muscled belly only accentuated
  the black triangle beneath it&mdash;her hairless mound had been completely
  inked.  
When Cutt turned S'Leah saw long ladder-like designs
  running down the sides of her arms and legs, with another down her spine that
  ended in a triangle pointing down into the crack of her ass. Her nipples and
  areola were black, as were her lips. Her head was shaved but for an oval patch
  on top; from that grew a waist length black ponytail. The sides and back of
  her head were adorned with rows of patterns that could have been a foreign
  language.  
Cutt squatted on her heels across the circle from
  S'Leah, and she caught a glimpse of silver between her legs. "What's that?" she
  asked Gomez.  
"Clan Infibula snipped her lips off and sewed her
  slit shut, just like they do all their property," Gomez said. "They just left
  her button, but tattooing it killed off most of her nerve endings."  
"No, what's that silver?"  
"Oh. That's a little chain she'd got herself laced
  up with." Gomez leaned close again. "You have very pretty breasts," she breathed,
  and slowly reached a hand out. When S'Leah didn't raise any objection she began
  caressing them. Her palm was rough against S'Leah's skin, but her touch was
  gentle. S'Leah's hard cock throbbed where it was wedged down her pantleg. Firelight
  danced across the obvious bulge, but Gomez hadn't seen it yet, she was too
  focused on S'Leah's naked breasts.  
S'Leah heard soft grunting and looked over her
  shoulder into the darkness. There, lit by the flickering orange flames, she
  saw a heavy breasted woman on her knees in the sand, grunting in time to a
  Great Dane's thrusts. Her breasts swung back and forth as the dog slammed its
  loins against her. The dog probably weighed what the woman did, if not more,
  and appeared quite well equipped. Both of them appeared well-practiced at the
  cross-species act. S'Leah saw another coupling under the nearest plane, as
  well as the silhouette of a Doberman just climbing atop a woman beside the
  most distant fire.  
S'Leah turned back to her own fire. Gomez was now
  nuzzling her neck while massaging her breasts. S'Leah's cock was a bar of molten
  steel.  
"Have you ever had a dog? A big  dog?" she
  whispered into S'Leah's ear. S'Leah shook her head. Gwenda had unzipped her
  coveralls the rest of the way and stepped out of them. Two of the clones, S'Leah
  didn't know which ones, were voraciously sucking on Gwenda's nipples.  
"There's nothing like it," Gomez murmured. She
  tongued S'Leah's ear and slid her hand down to the crotch of her pants.  
"Whoa! Just what the hell do we have here?" Gomez'
  exclamation got the attention of half a dozen women. She unzipped S'Leah's
  pants and pulled out her stiff organ, then her scrotum. The women looked at
  S'Leah's cock, then her breasts, then back at her cock.  
"What all do you have down here?" said Gomez, slipping
  her hand back into S'Leah's pants. Her fingers soon found S'Leah's small slit
  as well as her bulging sphincter.  
"Are you a man or a woman?" Gomez asked, running
  her finger along S'Leah's moist slit. "Feels like you've got everything in
  here. Are you fertile?"  
"No," S'Leah gasped, as the finger played with
  her slit. "Hormones," she gasped, by way of explanation. She didn't know what
  was wrong with her. Normally she could keep her strong libido under control
  without much effort at all. Now she found herself lifting her hips off the
  ground in hopes one of the women clustered around her would touch her flesh.
  Gomez took the opportunity to pull S'Leah's pants down to her ankles and push
  her knees apart.  
"Nice cock," Gwenda said admiringly as Gomez pushed
  it this way and that, studying the small slit below S'Leah's bag. She pushed
  a finger deep into S'Leah, then tried a second.  
"No, it's too tight," S'Leah protested, pushing
  at Gomez' hand.  
Gomez could've gotten the second finger in but
  relented. S'Leah looked up and found Gwenda and all four clones standing around
  her.  
"We want her," Mia said. Gomez looked up, one fist
  wrapped around S'Leah's veiny shaft.  
"But I'm the one that found it," Gomez protested.  
Miri stepped into view and put a hand on Gomez'
  shoulder. "Come on, lover, I've got something else for you to do," she murmured
  into her ear.  
Gomez relented and S'Leah found herself being led
  up the ramp of a large cargo plane. The bare fuselage was one big living area
  subdivided into sleeping quarters by blankets hung over ropes, worn pillows
  and mattresses covering the floor. Candle lanterns hung from the ceiling and
  lit the interior with a warm orange glow. S'Leah could hear the soft sounds
  of lovemaking but couldn't see who they were coming from.  
A crowd of women surrounded S'Leah on a mattress.
  They undressed her and each other speedily. As she knelt on the mattress S'Leah
  found herself encircled by the ponytailed blonde clones. After a time she realized
  she could tell them apart&mdash;Pia wore her hair loose, and Mia had a bruise
  on her left forearm. Nia had a small freckle on the outside of her left breast,
  and Tia was none of the above.  
Tia stood above her and kissed S'Leah deeply, cocking
  her head back. Their tongues wrestled passionately and S'Leah reached up to
  caress her neck.  
S'Leah's organ jutted forward aggressively as she
  bent against the kiss. Mia rolled onto her back before S'Leah and inched backward
  until her head was almost between S'Leah's thighs. She arched her head back
  and swallowed the end of S'Leah's throbbing organ.  
S'Leah gasped and broke the kiss. She looked down
  to see Mia's long body laying before her, her lower jaw working against her
  tender shaft. Mia pushed the back of her head deeper into the mattress, arched
  her back, and slid backward onto S'Leah's cock, swallowing all but a fraction
  of an inch. S'Leah groaned and watched the muscles in Mia's slender throat
  working as she sucked and licked, her nose buried in S'Leah's bag. Her tongue
  squirmed against the top of the veiny shaft and she began rocking forward and
  back. S'Leah moaned as Mia worked her cock. Tia grabbed her by the hair and
  tilted her head back again, muffling her moans with a wild tongue and soft
  lips.  
Mia reached up and grabbed S'Leah's ass. She pulled
  her forward, with the result of pulling her cheeks apart. Pia was on her knees
  behind S'Leah, greasing up her fingers. When her cell-sister spread S'Leah's
  muscular globes her spincter bulged outward aggressively. Pia stared at S'Leah's
  rear portal She'd never seen one like it, an ugly ring of bulging, calloused
  muscle, but she'd heard of such things. She covertly eyed S'Leah's thighs,
  whose musculature confirmed her suspicions. S'Leah was a former pony--only
  someone who'd lived and worked in a tailplug could have such an enlarged sphincter.  
Gently she inserted the tip of a finger into S'Leah's
  rear channel, with no discernible reaction. She moved the greased finger back
  and forth for a while, then inserted a second. Her hands were small, and S'Leah's
  bulging knot was huge.  
With Mia expertly throating her cock, and Tia kissing
  her passionately, it took a while for S'Leah to notice Pia's fingers gently
  moving back and forth in her desensitized channel. S'Leah broke the kiss and
  gasped for breath.  
"I like it," she moaned. Tia reached down and began
  playing with her breasts, rolling S'Leah's nipples between her fingertips.
  Not only didn't it hurt, it felt good.  
Mia was expertly skilled and S'Leah couldn't help
  but thrust her hips. She bent forward over Mia, hands on the mattress on either
  side of her hips and began thrusting into Mia's mouth.  
"More fingers," S'Leah groaned. "Use more fingers."  
Pia raised her eyebrows and looked up at Tia. She
  twisted her hand to show Tia that she already had four fingers in S'Leah's
  ass. Tia grabbed the bottle of lube and liberally coated Pia's hand and forearm.  
Nia had her face buried between her cell-sister
  Mia's thighs, which only seemed to encourage Mia. She sucked hard at S'Leah's
  thrusting organ and spread her own thighs wide.  
"Oh God, Oh God!" S'Leah cried out, the sensations
  incredible. The pleasure had blurred into one glowing orange ball, and she
  was unable to tell where Mia's mouth stopped and Pia's fingers started. She
  would buck forward, driving her cock deep down Mia's throat. Then, when she
  would pull back, Pia would thrust her fingers deep into her thick ring of muscle,
  stroking downward against what would have been the prostate on a man. The four
  fingers became four fingers and her small hand up to the thumb, then it was
  her whole hand. By the time S'Leah was shrieking and shuddering on top of Mia,
  her cock spurting seed wildly down her throat, Pia's small hand was inside
  her up to the middle of her slender forearm. S'Leah's muscular ring gripped
  her corkscrewing forearm tightly, pulsing as the waves of pleasure washed over
  her.  
Gwenda was but a few yards away. She'd dragged
  Georgie up into the plane and made him lay on his back. She was still nude,
  her nipples big and dark in the candlelight.  
"That's good Georgie, you just lie there," she
  told him, unzipping his coveralls. As the dirty coveralls fell open they revealed
  a white lumpy body covered with odd tufts of hair. Gwenda reached inside the
  coveralls and pulled out Georgie's penis and stroked it. His cock quickly stiffened
  and grew into an odd shape. It's tiny head rested atop an immensely wide shaft.
  Georgie stared at it like he'd never seen it before as Gwenda pushed him down.
  Gwenda quickly squatted over it and guided the small head between her thighs.  
"Oh yeah," she murmured. "Urk!. Oh God but you're
  thick, boy," she muttered as she sank onto his stumpy organ. Georgie lay there
  blinking and silent, staring up at the ceiling, as Gwenda paused to let her
  insides adjust to his bulk. A small woman appeared, stopping next to Georgie's
  misshapen head. She was already nude and eager to join in.  
"Room for one more?" she asked Gwenda, who was
  gently rocking back and forth.  
"Yeah, take a seat," Gwenda groaned. The small
  woman did just that, on Georgie's face.  
"Licky, Georgie," Gwenda told him. "Licky lick."  
Georgie mumbled something unintelligible, opened
  his mouth, and out came his tongue. It was a massive pink thing, a blunt column
  of muscle that he squirmed into the woman's tanned folds. She sucked in air
  and pushed down hard.  
"Lick that split, Georgie," Gwenda cooed, moving
  steadlily up and down on his fat cock. She could see his freakishly huge tongue
  slithering around between the woman's skinny thighs, massaging everything at
  once.  
On the far side of S'Leah Miri had stripped herself
  and then Gomez, then pushed Gomez over onto all fours. Miri had strapped on
  a massively ridged black rubbed dildo and was busy plunging it into her partner.
  The sight of her huge belly thrusting back and forth was one of the many indelible
  images burned into S'Leah's brain that night.  
S'Leah was only vaguely aware of al the activity
  around her. As she lay on Mia's taut body and tried to catch her breath Pia
  began to slowly twist the hand still deep inside her bowels.  
"Oh God," S'Leah gasped, tears appearing in the
  corners of her eyes. She rested her forehead on Mia's stomach even as Mia once
  again began sucking on S'Leah's still turgid organ.  
Pia wrapped her free hand around the base of S'Leah's
  sack and began tugging gently, then stuck the thumb of that hand into S'Leah's
  feminine channel. With a shuddering cry S'Leah orgasmed once again, sobbing,
  her tear-stained cheek pressed against Mia's smooth mound. Nia stroked her
  head compassionately, using her other hand to stroke Mia's slippery folds.
  The air was getting thick with the familiar scent of sex, and Nia predicted
  they wouldn't tire of their visitor until near daybreak. She was right.  
"Did you get any sleep at all?" Duster asked her,
  hitching the last of his team to the coach.  
"Some," S'Leah mumbled, squinting against the early
  morning sun. An hour, maybe two.  
Duster grinned at her discomfort and double-checked
  all his ponies' leathyrs. He himself had gotten six hours of sleep after mounting
  four of the locals. He grinned wider at the memory. He loved Gravestown.  
S'Leah stood beside the coach, waiting until everything
  was ready before climbing aboard. She was sore and achey in places and ways
  she hadn't been since her days in the royal stables, and was trying to avoid
  unnecessary movement. She'd lost count how many times she'd climaxed&mdash;eight,
  near as she could remember, until there was no more juice to be wrung from
  her body. She had never experienced sex of that quantity or duration, ever,
  and hadn't known what her body was capable of. She needn't have worried, the
  royal gene-splicers knew their trade&mdash;her organ hadn't softened until
  she'd passed out from exhaustion.  
She'd had each of the clones at least once, and
  Gwenda twice. She'd fucked Miri, the whole time worried about hurting her baby;
  meanwhile Miri had been shouting Harder! Harder!  S'Leah
  had done things last night that she was finding hard to believe in the harsh
  light of the morning after&mdash;like jacking herself off while a circle of
  women cheered her on. Or laying on her back, ankles tied to one of the clotheslines
  to keep them up, while the clones took turns fisting her ass with their tiny
  hands. They hadn't stopped no matter how she begged, and that had been when
  she'd begun dry climaxing, the orgasms increasing in frequency until they became
  continuous and she'd lost the power of rational thought.  
"Don't forget that oil now, Dusty," Gwenda called
  out to him. She'd driven them to the stables on her buggy and waited to see
  them off. Most of the other women had been gone by the time S'Leah had awakened
  inside the airplane hull, sore and crusty. She'd washed up inside while Dusty
  strapped the leathyrs on his ponies. She wore her same outfit from the day
  before, but couldn't bear to put on the jacket. Her nipples were raw.  
Dusty patted his pocket where he'd put the women's
  shopping list. "If they've got it, you'll get it," he told Gwenda. She nodded
  and looked at S'Leah.  
"Will we be seein ya again when Dusty comes back
  around?" she asked.  
"Probably not," S'Leah told her.  
"Too bad," Gwenda said. She stepped close, and
  lowered her voice slightly, just enough so that Dusty couldn't overhear. "We
  always welcome those with generous heart, no matter who they were in a former
  life, what mistakes they might have made," she told S'Leah. "If you're ever
  looking for a home, you have one here."  
S'Leah blinked in surprise, staring at the big
  woman. Gwenda stared back at her, her head inclined, and then her face broke
  out into a big smile. "Besides," she went on, no longer quiet, "my boy really
  liked you."  
"Your boy?"  
"My son, Georgie," Gwenda told her.  
"Oh," S'Leah said. "You're fertile? I'm surprised
  you're out here. Didn't you want to be spoiled at one of the inseminariums?"  
Gwenda shook her head. "It must have been a fluke.
  I was a public hole at a traveling circus for fifteen years and never had but
  Georgie."  
S'Leah nodded. "When's Miri due?" she asked, changing
  the subject.  
Gwenda waved the question away like an errant mosquito. "Oh,
  she's not pregnant," Gwenda told her. "It's just a water baby."  
"Oh."  
"She was a fetish in the Clan Bukkake harem," Gwenda
  explained.  
Altering the bodies of ones playthings was a tradition
  as old as the clans, and the fetishettes were the logical extreme of that tradition.
  S'Leah had never seen a woman with a water baby before, but she knew of them,
  just as the women of Gravestown had heard of women with male equipment like
  S'Leah.  
S'Leah knew the process of filling and stretching
  took months, then the balloon inside the woman's womb was sealed off when her
  owner was satisfied with her size. Hormones were often used to induce lactation,
  not just in pregnant fetishettes but in women who were chosen to become wetnurses,
  as well as some small percentage of each clan's harem just for the sake of
  variety. One of her benefactor's specialists had once told her the transformation
  of a pregnant fetishette was one of the easiest to complete, although not the
  quickest.  
"Just look at how long it takes to train a pony
  in comparison," he'd said to her, ignorant of her past.  
"Well, I think we're ready to go," Duster said.  
"You come back anytime," Gwenda told S'Leah, then
  gripped her in a tight hug. S'Leah blinked in surprise, and reached an uncertain
  hand up.  
"There's a place for you here if you ever get tired
  of travellin," Gwenda whispered into her ear. "You'll never be more at home
  than with us." She kissed S'Leah on the lips and then backed away, giving Dusty
  a hearty wave.  
"Next time I'm getting you up into my plane," she
  scolded him. "What's the matter, don't you love me anymore?"  
"You know you're the only one in my heart," Dusty
  told her with a grin as S'Leah carefully climbed into the coach. He flicked
  the reins and the ponies leaned forward to get the coach rolling.  
"It's not your heart I was talking bout," Gwenda
  said with a barking laugh, and turned with a farewell wave. Dusty raised a
  hand in goodbye and turned to look down the road past his team. Gwenda stopped
  in the shade of the shed and silently watched the coach pull away, S'Leah's
  face behind the window, staring at her.  
 CHAPTER TWELVE&mdash;THE STABLES  
 "You'll be able to just see Emerson over that rise, milady, so this should
  be the turn-off you mentioned," Daka told her, pointing out the gravel track
  heading north over the green hills.  
 "Stop the team," she commanded him.  
 Daka pulled gently on the reins and the mares slowed to a stop. They were
  near the edge of exhaustion, he could tell, but their spirit was such that
  he knew they'd collapse before they'd quit.  
 The mares were mud-brown, streaked with over twelve hours of road dust and
  sweat. Their manes were straggly and if it wasn't for the stiff high collars
  their heads would've been hanging.  
 His mistress produced a small waterskin from beneath the bench seat, and
  a rag.  
 "Give them water," she told him. "Not more than half. Use the rest to clean
  them up. I've got a brush for their hair also."  
 The ponies sucked eagerly at the bag's spout and wanted more than he was
  allowed to give. Using the water sparingly he wet the rag and scrubbed the
  dirt and salty sweat crust from their bodies, then did as best he could with
  the brush on their hair. They weren't perfect when he was finished, but they
  didn't look like they'd just run nearly nonstop for twelve hours either.  
 "Here," his mistress said, producing another wooden box from underneath
  the seat. Daka opened it and found two odd-looking tailplugs and a tube of
  grease.  
 While rare in the Wash, Daka had nevertheless handled dozens of tailplugs
  in his time. Except for slight cosmetic and dimensional differences they were
  all pretty much the same: an anatomically shaped rubber oblong several inches
  long designed to nestle snugly in the mare's lower intestine. Narrow at the
  bottom and wide at the top to keep the mare from pushing it out, the plug also
  sported a flared flat oval base that kept the plug from being sucked into the
  mare's body. The base served as a platform for the decorative tail. Most tails
  were eight to twelve inches long, stiff, and topped with a tassel of some sort.  
 The plugs his mistress handed him were the strangest design he'd ever seen.
  The part to be inserted had to be six inches long, but barely thicker than
  the thumb-thick shaft near the base. And instead of a disk or oval base, the
  plugs had rubber fingers perpendicular to the plug that acted as stoppers,
  designed to fit between the mares muscular cheeks. He could see no reason to
  the design; however, tail plugs were purely ornamental and maybe plugs like
  these were favored by his mistress' clan. He glanced from the plug in his hands
  up at his mistress, and apparently the confusion was evident on his face.  
 "Press the button at the base of the tail," she told him. Frowning, Daka
  found the tiny button she meant and pushed it. There was a quiet hissing sound
  and the part of the plug which was to be inserted swelled in his hand until
  it was nearly as big around as his fist. The narrow shaft just above the fingered
  base remained the same size, just a hair thicker than his thumb.  
 "Inflatable," his mistress told him. "They will not come out, no matter
  what. Hold the button down and squeeze the bulb and it will deflate."  
 Daka greased the plugs and inserted them one at a time with care after greasing
  up the mares' bulging sphincters with his fingers. Their rings of muscle were
  surprisingly loose. They hardly seemed tight enough to keep from gapping open.
  The ponies ignored him as he pushed the rubbed shafts into them, ignored him
  until he hit the buttons to inflate their plugs. Then they grunted, bent over
  and spread their legs slightly to adjust to the pressure. Their rings bulged
  twice as much with the inflated plugs inserted. Once they were in he tugged
  on the tails to make sure the fit was snug enough to keep the plugs from ejecting,
  but as large as the plugs were he could hardly believe that might happen. The
  tails jutted up and back at a jaunty angle, their twelve-inch shafts braided
  leathyr around a spring steel core.  
 "I was told it was just under two miles from here," his mistress said. Daka
  climbed back into the cab and sat beside her. "Be aware," she told him. "We
  could have eyes on us at any time."  
 She flicked the reins. "Proud!" she called out. The mares broke into a high-stepping
  showy trot and turned north onto the narrower trail. Their breasts bounced
  wildly but in unison, and the ends of their tails bobbed in time as they pulled
  the carriage up and down gentle grass covered slopes.  
 After only a few minutes a sprawling estate came into view. Daka saw a host
  of low buildings, one and two stories tall, spread out over acres of land.
  The buildings were all made of wood, but were surrounded by a tall stone wall.  
 As the ponies pulled the carriage down a long gradual slope the estate buildings
  sank out of sight behind the wall. The level land around the wall was planted
  with crops. Daka could pick out lettuce, cabbage, and soy beans, plus several
  other crops he didn't recognize. They'd been climbing steadily for hours, and
  quite a few more varieties could survive in the hills than in the unforgiving
  heat and sand of the water station.  
 After the land leveled out the ponies still needed ten minutes to pull the
  carriage close to the big gate, high-stepping the whole way. Daka studied the
  twelve foot reinforced wall with interest but also glanced at the workers already
  toiling in the fields. The women wore widebrimmed hats to shade themselves
  and their high-heeled knee-high boots included kneepads for the hours they
  spent shuffling down the rows, weeding and tending. The harsh sun and the long
  hours of work each day had taken their toll on the laborers. They were all
  whipcord thin and burned brown by the sun, and must have been herded into the
  fields before dawn. They were all branded, which told him their status.  
 Two broadmares were hooked up to plows and were busily digging new rows
  into the earth. The women working the plows had a hard time keeping up with
  the huge ponies. Daka tried not to stare at them&mdash;he hadn't seen purebred
  broads in years and he'd forgotten how big they were. A crew boss kept everyone
  in their place and busy at work. She wore kneeboots and a hat also, but was
  the only woman wearing any sort of clothing out in the field, black leathyr
  chaps to protect her legs as she walked the rows. She carried a Reminder, a
  four-foot cane whip used to refocus a laborer's attentions. From her build
  (and brand) Daka guessed she'd been promoted out of the fields.  
 The twelve foot wall was grey and smooth along its entire length, except
  for the double wooden doors of the gate which sat astride the end of the gravel
  road. Two women appeared at the top corners of the gate as the carriage approached.
  Daka saw they carried lightning sticks just like the one his mistress had used
  and just for a second panicked. They wore chest plates and helmets and he could
  just see them pointing their sticks his way and vaporizing both the carriage
  and him.  
 With a flick his mistress halted the team a dozen feet from the towering
  wooden gate. She pulled back her hood and looked up at the guards so they could
  see her face.  
 "Identify yourself," a guard called out.  
 "Lady Koho-Sen of the Flower Clan," Daka's mistress called out. "Here by
  the personal invitation of your mistress."  
 "Clan Hetaerae welcomes Lady Koho-Sen of Flower Clan," the guard responded
  formally. "Lady Lena welcomes you." The guard gestured and the big wooden gate
  began to swing open toward the team.  
 "Remember, do not speak until spoken to, and keep your robe on unless directed
  otherwise," his mistress murmured to Daka.  
 When the two-foot-thick door had swung all the way open she drove the carriage
  into the compound and stopped. Daka looked around curiously. They were in a
  huge courtyard. Away from the gate the gravel road became cobblestone and led
  to a large building off to one side that had to be the stables. A gravel track
  ten feet wide ran along the inside of the wall but otherwise the grounds were
  covered in closely trimmed grass.  
 Two of Lady Lena's maids waited just inside the gate, elegantly robed in
  Clan Hetaerae's colors of purple and red.  
 "M'Lady, you grace us with your presence," one said. "All of the others
  have arrived, please come with us and we will show you to your room. You have
  time to wash up first if you so desire."  
 Lady Koho-Sen gracefully descended from the carriage and looked about. The
  wall around them was dotted with guards, standing on a walkway that ran along
  the inside of the wall halfway up. The massive gate was slowly swung shut behind
  the carriage, and a foot-thick crossbar was slid into place.  
"Lady Lena apologizes for not greeting you herself
  but she is busy with arrangements," the maid said.  
Daka's Mistress nodded. "The boy will stay with
  the team. Please show him to the stables, and inform the Stablemaster that
  he is an experienced pony-handler and should be put to work."  
"Of course M'lady." They both bowed their heads
  at her, faces hidden inside their hoods. Daka could see nothing of them at
  all. Their faces were in shadow, their hands tucked inside voluminous sleeves,
  and the colorful robes brushed the ground as they stood.  
One of the maids turned and led his Mistress toward
  the main house along a flagstone path. The other, who had yet to speak, turned
  and started down the cobblestone road. When, after she'd gone a dozen steps,
  Daka still hadn't stirred, she turned back to look at him from inside the shadowed
  hood.  
Daka clucked at the team and they started forward
  after the robed woman. Their progress was slow; the woman was only taking six-inch
  steps, and Daka wondered if perhaps she was hobbled underneath the robe.  
Eventually they neared the stables. It was a large
  wooden building to one side of the compound, solidly constructed but of simple
  design. The maid pulled her hands from her sleeves to slide open the stable
  door and Daka saw her wrists were cuffed in leathyr and connected by a short
  chain.  
Daka stopped the team outside the door and climbed
  down from the carriage. The maid waited until he walked up and then turned
  and entered the building, removing her hood as she shuffle-stepped into the
  darkened interior. Daka waited at the doorway with the team and watched the
  maid approach a large blonde woman. The maid had dark brown hair twisted into
  a long braid that disappeared down the back of her robe. Daka watched the back
  of her head as she bent close to the blonde woman, who was mostly hidden behind
  a stall door. The blonde flicked her eyes in Daka's direction, then nodded.
  The maid bowed her head slightly, then turned and shuffled back toward Daka.  
He stared curiously at the black leathyr binder
  she wore on her face, the like of which he'd never seen. Her tall, stiff collar
  rose up to cover her mouth and jaw, ending just beneath her nose. It was molded
  to the shape of her face, and a shiny zipper ran up the center of the collar,
  its tab pressed against the base of her nose. The small silver ring piercing
  her septum ran through the hole in the tab and kept the zipper from sliding
  down.  
As she drew close she stared at him with big brown
  eyes, soft and beautiful. Beneath the half-mask her gaze was unreadable, and
  she passed him without making a sound. As she stepped into the morning light
  she pulled her hood over her head once more and stuffed her hands inside the
  baggy sleeves of her robe.  
"So you're supposed to know your way around a mount?"  
Daka turned back and found himself face to face
  with the big blonde. Her thick hair was in a ponytail that reached the middle
  of her back. Her round face was plain and unremarkable, but her eyes studied
  Daka carefully, looking him over head to toe with an expert gaze.  
"Yes m'lady."  
"Well, we'll see." She looked over his shoulder. "That's
  Lady Koho-Sen's team, right? They've got to be tired." She looked him over
  again, pursing her lips.  
"I've got a full house in here," she said, "what
  with the meeting. I suppose I could use the help. Unhook 'em and bring them
  in," she directed. "You can feed and water them, at least."  
"Yes milady."  
"I'm the StableMistress," she scolded him. "It's
  not proper to refer to me as Milady. I am Uma Koi. Call me by my name or my
  title."  
"Yes m&mdash;ma'am," Daka replied.  
Uma was nearly as tall as he was, with a bigger
  frame &ndash; large and muscular, with abundant curves. She wore tight black
  leathyr chaps over high-heeled black boots. A black leathyr triangle covered
  her mound but bare flesh peeked all around it whenever she moved. Her waist
  was narrowed by a steel-reinforced leathyr corset. The high-rise corset rose
  above her large breasts, which were pushed up and together by smooth leathyr
  detachable cups.  
As she turned and strode back into the stables
  Daka saw the stablemistress' bare muscular buttocks bisected by the narrow
  string of her g-string. He also noticed her left cheek was branded several
  times. First the clan mark of ownership, and then the brand beneath that signifying
  she'd been freed and was now a citizen. From the obvious power in her huge
  thighs Daka assumed she was a former mount. Who knew better how to tend to
  ponies than a former mount? She was perhaps twice his age, past her prime as
  a pony. Mounts were usually retired around age thirty-five, after twenty-plus
  years in the bit. Much beyond that and their strength and endurance dropped
  off precipitously.  
Daka unhooked his Mistress' team and led them into
  the cool stables. The building smelled of sweat, leathyr, and PonyMix. There
  were stalls to either side as he led Lei into the center of the stables, where
  he found four separate washing stalls and a large open wash area, all with
  new appliances and in pristine condition. This was where the other ponies were
  gathered. Daka was a bit overwhelmed; he hadn't seen this many ponies together
  since two teams of eight heading in opposite directions had shown up at the
  water depot on the same day.  
"Tether your team in that washing stall and then
  I'll show you where to take the carriage," Uma instructed him, nodding at a
  vacant stall. She was in the middle of washing the ponies. To his trained eye
  it appeared most of the other mounts had also just arrived and were still frisky
  from the run. A few were in stalls but at least half a dozen were lashed to
  a steel bar running down the center of the washing area, out of their leathyrs
  and still dripping from the hose.  
The carriage went into a building attached to the
  back of the stables. The barn-like structure wasn't small but was crowded nonetheless
  with carriages. Daka only had a second to look them over but it was obvious
  they were all of the highest quality and latest designs.  
Back in the washing stall he deftly stripped and
  scrubbed down Lei and their leathyrs. He'd washed ponies so many times it was
  like second nature to him, and he used the time to observe the StableMistress
  and the strange mounts.  
Daka was pretty sure there were some ponies in
  the back of the stables. He'd heard movement back there, at least three or
  four ponies, and figured there had to be at least three times that many stationed
  at an estate this size. Besides them, and his own two charges, he counted ten
  other ponies. Four or five teams, he wasn't sure.  
There were two strong young dark-skinned ponies,
  their buttocks unnaturally high and jutting. Their skin was coal black from
  the constant sun, their brands raised patterns on the smooth ebony flesh but
  not perceptibly darker.  
Before him was perhaps the oldest mount he'd ever
  seen. Her skin was like aged leathyr, brown and crisscrossed with lines. However,
  most ponies he handled tended to wrinkle young in the harsh desert sun, so
  that made it hard to judge age. And with almost zero body fat even the oldest
  mounts' bodies were taut. Daka guessed she was at least two if not three times
  his age. Her hair was the biggest clue to her age&mdash;a short brushcut, liberally
  shot through with grey. Her body was as trim as any he'd seen, though; a narrow
  waist and washboard stomach flaring into powerful muscular buttocks and thighs.
  Her breasts were small and flat on her freckled brown chest, mostly nipple.  
There was a team of four, all sun-bleached brunettes,
  unremarkable except for the fact that their ownership was indicated by black
  tattoos rather than brands.  
What drew Daka's attention most was the apple-cheeked
  strawberry blonde pony. She was young&mdash;very young. If he'd had to judge
  her by her face alone he wouldn't have guessed she was even half his age, but
  her body told him a much different story. Of unremarkable height, she had the
  largest thighs he'd ever seen on any human. Front to back they were the thickest
  part of her body, each one as big around as Daka's waist. She also had the
  largest breasts he'd seen on a pony. Not the largest breasts he'd seen; the
  chunky wetnurse who'd pierced his organ had had teats larger than his head,
  but still these were much larger than any he'd ever seen on a pony.  
Her skin was flushed a healthy pink across the
  top of her breasts, matching the red circles on her cheeks. Her breasts, meaty
  and pendulous, pointed down at a forty-five degree angle. She had hardly any
  pigment change between breast and nipple, which were big rubbery-looking things
  pierced with thick gold rings. She was frisky and shifting constantly from
  foot to foot. The nose between her legs was oversized and engorged with blood,
  so big Daka imagined it jiggled when she ran; the pony kept squeezing her thighs
  together but it was obvious she wanted more. She was alone in a washing stall,
  collar chained to a hook and still in her armbinder, dancing around like the
  floor was too hot for her feet. The problem was that it had only been a two
  hour run to Lady Lena's estate, and she was the oldest of a new high-performance
  genbred the royal genesplicers were justifiably proud of. A two-hour run in
  the cool air before dawn hadn't even been enough for her to break a sweat.  
The pony's leathyrs had been washed and were thrown
  over the stall partition to dry. Daka studied their strange cut and finally
  decided the two leathyr straps on the front of the corset must go through the
  busty mount's nipple rings. Then her breasts could be tightly buckled down
  while she ran to keep them from flopping (the large breasts being an unforeseen
  side-effect of the in-utero hormone cascades).  
The final two ponies looked like they'd arrived
  only minutes before. Uma was still removing their leathyrs. Daka had found
  it was always harder for him to discern age and conditioning on darkskinned
  mounts, and these last two were as black as midnight, but even so their physiques
  were arresting.  
The two mares had long thick manes of shimmering
  black hair that reached to the middles of their backs. They were young, too;
  the longer Daka studied them, the more he was convinced they were younger than
  he, perhaps by as much as two or three years. Common sense told him they should
  be one-year-olds at most, but his frame of reference had been totally thrown
  off by this quick-maturing, "genbred" stock. These blackskinned mares didn't
  even look full-grown yet and here they were, pulling (what he assumed was)
  a royal's carriage.  
Even though they hadn't yet reached mature size,
  their thighs were enormous. Black trunklike columns of muscle topped with high
  round buttocks that looked hard as stone. When they finished filling out Daka
  was sure their thighs would be even bigger than those of the chesty strawberry
  blonde, which seemed impossible.  
The two young ponies had no breasts at all, and
  Daka wasn't convinced they ever would, even after they'd finished growing.
  They were obviously bred to run, and breasts were unnecessary. Their nipples
  were black on black, flat against their ribcages, which rippled with sheets
  of muscle. He didn't know what stock they came from&mdash;all he knew was that
  they were the finest specimens he'd ever seen. Their muscle shape and definition
  was spectacular, and they were obviously in exemplary condition.  
The black leathyr mulierre straps were almost invisible
  against their skin. Uma undid the bluckle at the front of the corset and the
  tightly cinched strap fell into her hand. The palm-width straps went between
  the pony's legs and were used most often when training a pony. The tight strap
  stimulated them, distracted them from their work. After a few years their little
  noses were destined to become desensitized from the constant rubbing, and the
  trainers could remove the straps and work on perfecting the pony's form. If
  the strap wasn't used, frisky mares sometimes ran with their legs close together
  for stimulation, which encouraged poor form.  
Uma removed the mulierre straps and the attached
  tailplugs, then went to work unlacing the tight corsets. The noses between
  the two mares' legs spring up. They were the largest Daka had ever seen, bigger
  than his thumb, hooded with dusky flesh. They were black except for their tips,
  which were light pink and shaped like the end of Daka's own organ.  
These two mares were frisky as well and kept trying
  to clamp their thighs around Uma's. They snorted and huffed, teeth brilliantly
  white against the black rubber-coated steel bits. Uma cursed under her breath
  and smacked the friskier of the two hard on one buttock. It only encouraged
  her pelvic thrusts.  
"They must have to run you two four hours a day
  just to keep you calm," Uma murmured. "Are you about done over there boy?" she
  said in exasperation. "I've got to strap these two down before they ruin my
  leathyrs." Her chaps were slimy where the mares had been humping her thighs.  
"Yes ma'am." He hooked Lei to the wall and hurried
  over to help the StableMistress.  
Daka pried the friskiest ebony pony off Uma's leg,
  sidestepped to avoid her gripping thighs, and hooked her collar ring to a hanging
  bar with a section of chain he found. He located a spreader bar which he locked
  around her ankles, then proceeded to undo her armbinder once she was immobilized.  
Daka deftly unlaced the armbinder and before any
  feeling returned to the young mare's arms he'd hooked her wrist cuffs to the
  hanging bar.  
Uma, who'd just managed to fit her troublesome
  charge with a spreader bar, was shocked to see how quickly Daka had immobilized
  the other mount.  
"It seems like you do know your way around a mount," she
  told him as he cranked the hanging bar up until his mare was barely touching
  the floor. She stopped struggling so fiercely and watched him with flaring
  nostrils. He undid her corset, then removed her hoofboots, when Uma nodded
  that it was okay.  
"None of the ladies should be leaving for at least
  a day, maybe as many as three," Uma told him.  
He reattached the spreader bar after he'd pulled
  her boots off and then began washing the mare.  
"Where did you learn your way around a pony?" Uma
  asked him as she lathered up her pony.  
"I was a stablehand at a water depot before my
  Mistress bought me."  
"Why don't you take off your robe, you're getting
  it all wet."  
Daka paused slightly. It was what he'd normally
  do, but he had his orders. "No thank you ma'am, I'm fine."  
They left the two ponies dripping in the stall
  and circled the seven hooked to the steel bar in the tiled open area. There
  was the team of four brunettes, the older silverhaired mare, and the other
  darkskinned duo. All of them had been stripped of their leathyrs and wore only
  their posture collars, rubber coated bits, and their leathyr cuffs, their wrists
  hooked together and wedged up behind their backs, as usual, between their shoulder
  blades. The mares were all on one side of the chest-high horizontal bar, bent
  over slightly. Their collar rings were clipped to the steel beam.  
Uma went into a vacant stall and grabbed a long
  thick sheet of heavy foam padding, about a foot wide, with indentations in
  it. She slid it into place in front of the mares' feet and then with a crank
  began to lower the bar.  
The mares bent lower and lower as Uma cranked,
  until finally they had to drop to their knees, and Daka saw that was what the
  indentations were for. They cupped and protected the mares' knees shoulder
  width apart.  
Uma cranked and cranked until the bar dropped closer
  to the floor. The mares' heads were forced ever lower, until the bar was four
  inches off the floor. Their breasts were pressed firmly into their thighs,
  and their rears had started to rise up a bit.  
"How often did you have to flush mounts?" Uma asked
  him, locking the bar into position. Daka looked at the row of rumps before
  him, pointing outward, buttocks lightly resting on heels.  
"Several times a week, usually," Daka answered.
  Hardly any of the ponies passing through the water depot sported tailplugs,
  but PonyMix, as nutritious as it was, had a drawback&mdash;it created hard,
  sometimes painfully so, stools. Flushing working ponies was a pretty common
  practice, but it was a necessity with any mount that regularly wore a tailplug
  to avoid dangerously impacted colons.  
"Good, so you've had some experience." She went
  into a darkened corner and wheeled a large metal box into view. It was chest-high
  and over two feet square, with a confusing array of buttons and rubber hoses.  
"This is an automatic flushing machine," Uma told
  him. "Brand new. You can clean out four mounts at once with this, and it doesn't
  require any cleanup. No more squatting over a waste bucket to empty them out.
  It's real simple to use."  
She grabbed one of the hoses and showed it to Daka.
  Its rounded metal nozzle had fluid vents in the side, and an odd rubber collar
  similar to an hourglass where the metal nozzle joined the rubber hose.  
Uma greased up the nozzle and the anus of the first
  mare in line. She pushed the thumb-sized nozzle into the pony until just the
  end of the hourglass-shaped rubber collar was visible.  
"That's the automatic tension collar," she told
  Daka. "Watch." She pushed a blue button above where the hose entered the machine
  and with a muted hiss the collar filled with air, expanding to twice its original
  diameter. The pony gave a little start.  
"Don't pay any attention to that," Uma said, waving
  a hand at the startled pony. "The collar will automatically inflate to whatever
  pressure is necessary to effect a good seal. Could be bigger than that, could
  be smaller. Now watch." She hit a green button next, beside the blue button.
  The metal box began to hum.  
"It'll spend about ten minutes pumping a special
  solution into her," she told Daka. "Again, it stops when it senses a certain
  level of back pressure. To help the mare accommodate more of the solution you
  can massage its belly, like this," she demonstrated for Daka. "When it's full,
  the machine waits another ten minutes or so. The solution it pumps in dissolves
  the waste material into a thick liquid, which is then pumped out of the pony.
  That takes another ten minutes, followed by half a dozen or so rinsing flushes.
  When the machine is done this yellow light right here above the hose will light
  up."  
"Okay," Daka said. What an improvement! It was
  so much simpler and less messy than the traditional method.  
"The ponies might get a bit unruly when the machine
  starts flushing them out," Daka told him. "That's normal. I've tried the machine
  myself, and it's quite a sensation. Now, I wasn't you to hook up the other
  three like I showed you while I get them some Mix."  
"Yes ma'am," he said a bit uneasily. He wasn't
  sure if he remembered all the steps, but he didn't want to say anything, she'd
  think he was stupid.  
Much to his relief he got the next three ponies
  in line hooked up without incident. The first one was groaning a little around
  her bit so he massaged her stomach. It felt a little distended, but he wasn't
  sure.  
Uma set bowls of PonyMix and water before the ponies
  and undid their bits. They all began eating voraciously, the flushing machine
  apparently not distracting the four mounts at all.  
"When they're done you have to clean off the nozzles
  and empty out the collection tank and refill the solution reservoir," Uma told
  him. "I'll show you how. But other than these three, none of the other mares
  were on the road long enough to get impacted. Unless yours need to be flushed
  out?"  
"No, they're fine," he told her.  
Uma nodded. "Okay, then, while that group is eating,
  let's bring off these two ebonies over here or there'll be no end of trouble."  
"Ma'am?"  
"Bring them off," she said. "They're too frisky." She
  looked at his confused expression. "Haven't you ever masturbated a high-spirited
  mare to get it to relax or fall asleep?"  
"No ma'am. By the time most teams got to our water
  depot they were so hot and tired they fell asleep when I was washing them."  
"All right. I guess I should teach you this, you're
  going to need to learn the skill. D'you play around at all with any of the
  local girls?" she asked him. "It's not too different."  
"No ma'am."  
"Never?" She didn't seem to believe him.  
"Our depot was in the middle of the Wash, ma'am.
  There was just me and my master."  
"Oh really?" she said, expressing more interest. "What
  about ponies? You ever play around with some of them?"  
"No ma'am! No way, I would've gotten into so much
  trouble."  
Uma looked him over carefully, trying to discern
  his shape under the robe.  
"Hmmm. I don't think I've come a across a . . .
  well, have to save that for later," she said to herself. "Here, help me," she
  told him.  
Daka lowered the hanging bar for the first young
  black pony. Uma told him to keep going until the bar was on the floor and the
  girl had sat down. Uma unhooked the mare's ankles from the spreader bar one
  by one and rehooked them to the hanging bar. The mare's ankles were far apart,
  much wider than her shoulders. When Daka began raising the bar again, the chain
  clanking on the pulley, the mare's limbs lifted off the floor as one.  
Daka kept at it, cranking the bar up, watching
  as the pony's body slowly tilted up and then lifted off the floor. Uma had
  him raise the pony until her pelvis was at chest level, then they did the same
  to the second pony.  
The ponies were suspended in the air, wrists and
  ankles firmly attached to the bar. Their arms went straight up, thighs out
  at forty-five degree angles with only a slight bend at the knee.  
"This is the proper way to do this," Uma said,
  nodding at the two darkskinned ponies gently swinging back and forth. Their
  big noses, tipped with pink, were even more prominent in that position.  
"I'm going to use a glove, just because I don't
  want my skin to get all pruny, but you should use bare fingers until you get
  the hang of it," Uma told him, pulling on a black rubber glove. She lubed up
  her first two fingers and slid them into her pony's slit.  
"Grease up your fingers and do what I do," Uma
  told him. "Two fingers is best, although on those four at the bar over there
  you'll only be able to use one, if that. Clan Infibula," she explained. "All
  sewn up. Even if the mare is really loose you shouldn't use more than three."  
"Now, with the tips of your fingers, the pads,
  feel around on the inside of her, on the front. Several inches in you should
  feel some sort of bulge, like a knot of scar tissue. It may be slightly rougher
  in texture. Do you feel it?"  
"I don't think so." Daka had cleaned out plenty
  of mares before but this was totally different. He rubbed his fingers around
  inside the pony, looking for the spot. She was warm and wet, and tight against
  his fingers. The outsides of her folds were black, while the insides were bright
  pink. Up close her little nose looked even more like a smaller version of his
  organ, stiffly upright and pointing up at his face. Her folds rose up to shroud
  its shaft, but its pink head was bare.  
"You might have to press against the inside of
  her pubic bone to find it," Uma told him. "Don't be in such a hurry, this takes
  time. Watch your mount for her reactions, that's the best signal." Daka's pony
  bucked against his hand as his fingertips rubbed over a knotted bump.  
"There you go, that's it," Uma encouraged him. "Now
  begin stroking it with your fingers. Back and forth, in circles, whatever you
  think works best. Watch your mare for her reaction and adjust your technique
  accordingly. There, that's it," Uma said as she saw the thigh of his pony flexing,
  lifting her pelvis. "See, she likes that. Hear her groaning and sighing? That's
  good."  
The pony was trying to push herself into his hand
  but had almost no leverage. Daka kept massaging the little knot of flesh he'd
  found and watched the pony. Her eyes were closed and she was breathing faster,
  and he could feel her internal muscles squeezing at his fingers. He was surprised;
  he hadn't even known ponies had muscles inside there.  
Daka's pony was beginning to grunt and groan and
  she was bending her knees, trying to bring her bottom up closer to him and
  his fingers.  
"Now," Uma instructed him, "get a little lube or
  spit on your thumb and start rubbing her clit." She demonstrated by using her
  greased thumb to rub the pink-tipped nose between her pony's thighs.  
"Clit?" Daka repeated. He'd never heard the word
  before.  
"Be very gentle here," Uma advised him. "This is
  the most sensitive area of a female. Some women can barely stand to have it
  touched, but ponies usually aren't that delicate, especially those trained
  with a strap. You should start off slow and gently and work up from there.
  That said, these little girls just ran for four hours with a mulierre strap
  so tight I could barely unbuckle it. They'd probably enjoy it if you spanked
  their clits with a leathyr belt."  
Uma bent into the pony before her and began massaging
  her in earnest. She dug her fingers deep inside the girl's ebony flesh, rubbing
  her secret spot, while roughly flipping her clit side to side with her thumb.
  Her pony moaned and gasped around her bit, bucking and swinging in the air
  even with Uma's free hand wrapped around her big thigh for control. The pony
  moaned and mewled, twitched and clenched, as Uma relentlessly played with her
  sensitive flesh. After only a few minutes the pony reached a crescendo, crying
  out and stiffening in the air. Uma's hand worked furiously inside her, rubbing
  and rubbing. Daka saw a lot of clear fluid running down Uma's arm and dripping
  from her elbow onto the floor.  
"When they're not dehydrated, a lot of them will
  squirt on you," Uma told him, her fingers slowing to s stop inside the panting
  pony. She slowly withdrew them and peeled off the wet glove. "You do yours
  now." She moved close and watched as Daka renewed his efforts.  
"Concentrate between her legs right now," Uma told
  him. "But be aware that a lot of mares like it if you tug and pinch their nipples.
  No, don't worry about it yet, this is your first time. Work on getting the
  technique."  
Daka massaged her sweet spot with the flats of
  his fingers, trying side to side, up and down, and rubbing in circles. The
  pony was breathing heavily, almost panting, which he took as a good sign. He
  tried to keep his thumb moving against her clit but wasn't really coordinated
  enough to do a good job.  
"On your own Mistress' ponies, ones you're familiar
  with," Uma told him, "you can suck on their clit. It works just as well, and
  doesn't take as much coordination. But don't do it on strange mounts," she
  told him. "You don't know how clean they might be." She reached up between
  his pony's legs and began pinching her small black nipples. The pony's moans
  grew louder, and drool ran from the corners of her mouth around her bit.  
"That's it, give it to her," Uma urged him on. "She
  likes it, look at her buck. She's right on the edge, look at the veins in her
  neck." Uma used both hands to pinch the pony's nipples simultaneously.  
"Oooh, watch it! Stay with her. Grab her around
  the leg if she starts to buck like that. You hear how wet she is? She's going
  to bite through that bit. Get&mdash;" The pony stiffened and rose up six inches
  as her legs bent with the force of her climax. High moaning sobs bled past
  her bit as Daka clutched her trembling thighs against him and massaged her
  hot wet flesh. The palm of his hand filled with clear fluid as her channel
  clenched around his fingers, and clenched, and the knot inside her that he'd
  been rubbing so vigorously shrank away.  
"Good job," Uma commended him. "Looks like you've
  got a knack for it. We'll leave these two up here for now, let 'em relax."  
Daka gently withdrew his figners from the pony
  and massaged his aching forearm. Clear fluid dripped from her now gaping slit
  and splashed against his sandaled feet. Her insides were a creamy, vibrant
  pink, turning to a deeper red inside.  
The pony's washboard stomach moved up and down
  as her panting slowed. In her navel was a small clear puddle, but he didn't
  know if it was her drool, his sweat, or her squirt juice that had somehow ended
  up there.  
"So, what do you think?" Uma asked him. Daka turned
  toward her, still massaging his forearm, but when he raised his head to respond
  he saw she wasn't looking at him. Instead, she was looking down, at the front
  of his robe. Daka looked down also, just now realizing he was hard as a rock.  
"That's quite a tool you've got there, boy," Uma
  observed with raised eyebrows.  
"I&mdash;" was all he had time to say before she'd
  stepped forward and grabbed it through the rough fabric.  
"Oh yes," she purred, a smile growing on her face, "quite
  a tool."  
"I'm not supposed to take off my robe," Daka blurted
  out.  
Uma squeezed and pumped his thick shaft once. "Really?" she
  said distractedly. "I don't think that'll be a problem."  
CHAPTER THIRTEEN-RENDEZVOUS
S'Leah sat on the wooden bench and waited. Her
  benefactor had told her her target would be easy to spot, of the royal bloodline,
  and would be taking a stagecoach this day north to Greenwood.  
When she'd arrived in IronHeart the day before
  she'd quickly learned that all the stagecoaches arrived at and departed from
  the coach terminal, a small white clapboard building near the center of town.
  The road between IronHeart and Greenwood was busy enough for there to be regularly
  scheduled coaches, three a day in each direction. However, there was no way
  for her to know which coach her target would be on.  
S'Leah learned the coach schedule within minutes
  of arriving in town early in the evening the day before. After securing a room
  for the night at a small inn she wandered her way through town, thinking she
  might come across her target by chance.  
IronHeart was a small rural town where most of
  the residents seemed to know one another. They tended to have small, neat houses
  on large plots, and just about everybody tilled their own gardens, some small,
  some massive. There was a cooperative in town where they sold their produce.  
Their main street was short, lined with small businesses
  mostly, with only one saloon. The townspeople seemed a friendly sort, dressed
  mostly in expensive cotton or other light fabrics. S'Leah quickly found out
  a lot of the residents grew cotton, and this was one of the few places in the
  West where it wasn't astronomically expensive.  
She saw only a few slaves, and only a handful of
  men, all old. It was quite a shock when she came across a group of twenty or
  so young men, barely more than boys, exiting a restaurant. They were loud and
  boisterous and guarded by at least half a dozen armed chaperones. All the females
  on the street stopped and stared at the young men as they were herded into
  their hotel in the growing dusk.  
"Wouldn't you just love to jump in the middle of
  that group," a woman close to S'Leah said. She wore a dreamy look on her face. "All
  that fertile seed, just waiting to get out. I bet half of them are still virgins."  
A nearby middleaged woman nodded. "I'm wet just
  thinking about it," she said.  
"Those guards have the whole second floor sealed
  off and guarded," another woman announced. "And now after seeing them I'm going
  to have to go home and choose between my limp seventy-year-old handyman and
  a doorknob."  
"I heard that." Laughter echoed up and down the
  street as the women drifted off in different directions. S'Leah learned later
  the young men were on their way to one of the inseminariums to the northwest,
  doing their part for the survival of the kingdom.  
S'Leah checked the lobby of both the town's inns,
  the saloon, and a small restaurant. No sign of anybody that might have the
  royal blood in their veins.  
The few local whores in the saloon were such poor
  specimens it took all of S'Leah's willpower not to show them everything they
  were doing wrong. The dozen or so seedless men inside looked to be miners on
  their way to or from JoTown. Why the local women outside on the walk, complaining,
  didn't come in here and slut themselves for free S'Leah didn't know. Sure,
  these miners were undoubtedly sterile, but so were the women probably, and
  a penis was a penis.  
She, however, needed to get up early and stay focused,
  so the miners never got to know what they missed. At seven a.m. sharp she was
  inside the terminal watching to see who got on the eight o'clock northbound
  coach. It would have helped if she'd had a description of her target, or at
  least knew the sex of the person, but that apparently wasn't going to happen.  
Four people got on the eight o'clock coach bound
  for Greenwood. One scruffy miner type, one portly middleaged man she'd seen
  working at the local produce co-op, and two women.  
The older woman was in her fifties and very expensively
  dressed. S'Leah drifted her direction, wondering if she could be the one. However,
  as soon as she opened her mouth S'Leah knew it was a false alarm. Between her
  twang and dubious grammar there was no way she could ever be a member of the
  royal line. With her was a chunky, large-breasted woman in a faded buttonfront
  dress. Her face was round and plain, and it was hard to guess her age from
  the lack of expression, but S'Leah guessed she was in her thirties. The older
  woman introduced her as her new housemaid.  
"Winifred Guilder, an old friend of mine, just
  died," the woman told the portly man. "Apparently in her will she gave me her
  housemaid Nellie here."  
"Winifred Guilder?" the man mused. "I believe I
  met her a few times. Charming woman. I'm Burt Denby, with the Co-Op."  
"I recognize you Mr. Denby." The matron sighed. "I
  really don't know what I'll do with her. I already have two maids and a very
  capable little bedwarmer."  
The first stagecoach of the day rolled up, pulled
  by a mismatched team of eight. They'd come from the east the day before and
  overnighted in the stable. Now they looked fresh, ready for the trip north.
  Three blacks, four tans, and one skittish young waif who seemed fresh to the
  bit.  
The matron continued. "I don't need another mouth
  to feed. I'm afraid Winifred, bless her soul, spoiled her. Just look how big
  she is."  
S'Leah eyed the two women. The matron was as big
  if not bigger than the young housemaid.  
"Ma'am," the young miner spoke for the first time. "I
  know you don't know me, but I just finished my six month stint at the JoTown
  mine. With my stake from it and what I've saved up from other jobs I was going
  to buy a small house in Greenwood and go to work at the gravel pit. I've got
  a position all lined up. Now, I don't know how much you want for her, but I
  am going to have some cash left over, and I prefer a woman with some chest."  
"Why, young man! What did you say your name was?"  
"Arthur, ma'am. Arthur Douglas."  
"Well, Mr. Douglas, I would hate to sell to someone
  when I don't even know if she as any skills beyond cleaning an old woman's
  tiny house, and I know after six months working hard in JoTown your first concern
  isn't going to be how well she cleans. My goodness, I wouldn't even know what
  to charge. The last girl I bought was Ariel, my bedwarmer, and she was only
  three at the time."  
"I'm familiar with the going rates," Burt Denby
  interjected. "If you're truly interested in doing business with this gentleman."  
The stagecoach driver jumped down and opened the
  door for them. The conversation continued as they climbed inside. Throughout
  the exchange Nellie never spoke or changed expression, but as soon as the former
  miner expressed an interest in buying her she kept her eyes on him.  
"It's a six hour ride to Greenwood," Douglas pointed
  out as they found their seats. He was next to Denby and across from the chunky
  housemaid. "There's no rush."  
"Plenty of time for her to demonstrate any skills
  apart from cleaning she might have," Denby felt obliged to point out, with
  a pointed look at the matron. She raised an eyebrow, then pursed her lips and
  took the time to study the miner carefully.  
"How old are you, Mr. Douglas?" she asked. "If
  you don't mind my asking?"  
"Twenty-seven, ma'am."  
"Twenty seven," she mused, giving him a very pointed
  look head to toe. "And very fit, from your time in the mine, I imagine. Six
  hours? Perhaps we can  come to some sort of an arrangement,
  you seem well mannered."  
The coach driver finished strapping the last of
  the luggage to the roof and jumped down. When he closed the door the remainder
  of the conversation was lost to S'Leah, who'd returned to her spot on the bench.
  But she saw the Matron reach up and undo the knot holding the neck of her white
  cotton blouse closed, revealing ample cleavage packed into a wire reinforced
  white cotton bra. And as the driver climbed up to his seat and picked up the
  reins, before, with a jerk, the team started off, S'Leah saw the matron crook
  a finger at the young miner across the cabin from her, while the housemaid
  watched with a smile on her face. S'Leah shook her head in distaste and leaned
  back on the bench.  
 "Old Lottie thinks Nellie's slow. That ain't it.
  It's just that she's had nothing but old fish to eat twice a day for ten years.
  That boy's going to get a bargain," a voice announced.  
S'Leah looked over to see the ticketseller, a wizened
  old man with only half his teeth, grinning widely at her. "How long you goin'
  wait?" he asked. "Maybe your friend don't show up."  
She stood up. "I'll be back for the noon stage," she
  told him.  
When S'Leah's target walked into the station there
  was no doubt in anyone's mind that she was of the royal bloodline. She strode
  into the station as if she owned it, looking at nothing, speaking to no one,
  with a haughty air and an aura of unapproachability.  
She was pale and slender, with short spiky jet
  black hair brushed down to frame her face. She wore an odd top that was half
  short robe and half jacket. The oddly stiff white robe covered her to mid-thigh
  and &ndash;forearm. It clung tight to her torso, but gaped open several inches,
  just barely covering her small breasts. Her white skirt ballooned oddly and
  reached to just above her knees.  
The royal stopped in the center of the small waiting
  area and looked around disinterestedly. An aide, leading two pets by the leash,
  followed her into the building.  
The aide was very pretty, with long brown hair
  drawn up into a bun atop her head. Her heart-shaped face was heavily accented
  with makeup&mdash;cheeks rouged, lips a deep glossy crimson, lashes too long
  and thick to be natural. A black rubber ballgag was wedged deep into her mouth,
  exposing brilliant rows of perfect teeth.  
A stiff black corset was laced tight around her
  middle, reducing her waist to enviable dimensions. The corset forced her to
  thrust out her small breasts with their tiny pink nipples, and accentuated
  the curve of her hips. The knee-length shiny black rubber skirt she wore was
  so tight she couldn't move her knees more than an inch apart&mdash;she shuffled
  more than walked toward the ticket counter in her black five inch toeboots.
  As she passed S'leah saw that the skirt was backless, a large oval exposing
  the aide's creamy ass to the air. The opening was barely large enough, the
  rubber pushing her soft cheeks together.  
She shuffled to the ticket window, pets in tow,
  and used sign language to tell the clerk how many tickets she needed. While
  she paid with bills from inside her corset S'Leah studied the two pets she
  had leashed.  
Both women were outfitted identically, one in blue,
  one in green. Their heads were encased in rubber hoods, obviously custom molded
  to their heads without a gap or wrinkle. The rubber hugged their skulls so
  tightly S'Leah wondered if they were bald underneath, but quickly dismissed
  the idea.  
The women were totally blind inside the hoods,
  which had no openings whatsoever for their eyes. There seemed to be nostril
  holes in the hoods, but S'Leah couldn't be sure. Over the hood each woman was
  fitted with a cylinder gag, ventilated in the center with a small hole.  
At first glance both pets looked very busty, but
  S'Leah quickly realized they were wearing one-piece restrainer jackets with
  internal sleeves, and what she'd thought were large breasts were just the women's
  arms crossed across their chests and drawn tight. The garment's sleeves were
  internal so S'Leah had to assume the sleeves ended in mittens that were locked
  together behind the women's backs. The thick rubber sheaths were zipped up
  the back, the zipper locked to their stiff leathyr collars. The hoods were
  also attached to the collars, each of which had a chrome ring in front where
  the leash was attached.  
The pets' one piece jackets were cut high on the
  hip, making their bare legs appear even longer than they were. The restrainers
  left their buttocks bare, split and spread slightly by a thick strip of rubber.
  Each wore ankle-high toe boots that matched the others' jacket in color. The
  boots were the tallest S'leah had ever seen.  
After purchasing the tickets the aide shuffle-stepped
  to within a few feet of her Mistress, to the rear, pets in tow. They responded
  immediately to the subtlest tugs on the leash. They moved silently, just the tik-tok  of
  their boots and the occasional squeak of rubber.  
S'Leah stood and walked past them, hearing the
  faintest huff of their breathing through the perforated gags.  
"Get tired of waitin', girlie?" The wizened ticketseller
  squinted up at her. He eyed her tailored, traditionally cut two-piece suit
  she'd bought the night before, on a hunch. It was what a refined eastern businesswoman
  would wear, someone who dealt with numbers or cash. It was charcoal grey, with
  a tapered three button jacket over a white blouse with ruffled collar and pleated
  slacks. The clerk had sold her the matching black leathyr pumps at a discount.
  The tightly tailored suit showed off her plentiful chest and athletic build
  but gave her the air of respectability she'd been looking for. Her battered
  bag went into a used but serviceable leathyr valise that was much more appropriate.  
"One," was all she said. He gave her a wink and
  started making out the ticket as she handed over more of her shrinking was
  of bills.  
Why this royal didn't have her own team and coach
  S'Leah didn't know. It didn't look like she was enjoying the thought of riding
  on public transportation, but maybe this one always looked bored and slightly
  annoyed.  
In a few minutes the noon coach pulled up outside.
  It was pulled by a matched team of eight, not identical but close enough in
  looks for S'Leah to assume they were sisters. Working mares, not for show.
  Their faces were blocky and unattractive, topped by coarse manes of black hair.
  Small, flat breasts, wide hips, and legs chunky with muscle but bulging with
  unsightly veins. The driver was a wiry, spunky little brunette quite a bit
  younger than S'Leah. She hopped down and opened the carriage door.  
"Baggage?" she asked, as S'Leah drew close. S'Leah
  held up her valise as an answer and climbed inside.  
"I have three trunks on the other side of the building," the
  royal spoke for the first time. Her voice was unremarkable, with a slight eastern
  twang. The driver nodded, holding the door open as the royal climbed delicately
  into the carriage. She sat facing S'Leah. Then the driver ran off for the trunks.  
The aide led the two pets to the doorway. With
  gentle touches she had them enter one at a time, first tapping their calves
  to let them know they would have to step up, then touching their heads so they
  would bend over to fit through the doorway. The aide got them arranged on the
  far side of the carriage, kneeling on the floor facing one another, then stepped
  outside to help the driver with the trunks. Each was big enough for S'Leah
  to curl up and fall asleep in, and appeared heavy. They were on a wheeled cart
  that the driver pushed up outside the door. The aide pointed out a button on
  the handle. When the driver pushed it the cart began rising on telescoping
  supports to the level of the coach's roof. The driver clambered up and with
  a series of loud thumps slid the trunks over and then tied them down. While
  she was doing this the aide entered the coach and knelt on the floor near the
  door. Soon the driver had the load secured, hopped down to shut the door, then
  scrambled up to her perch. With a "Hyaah!" they were off.  
The slender woman across from S'Leah stared out
  the window with a bored expression on her face while her three companions silently
  swayed in place as the coach rumbled along the northern road. S'Leah set her
  valise on the seat beside her and valiantly tried to engage the woman in conversation.  
"Travel this route often?" was met with the briefest
  of uninterested glances.  
"Are you having some trouble with your own team
  or do you normally travel by coach?" didn't even get a response, she just kept
  staring out the window. S'Leah glanced down at the aide, who was staring at
  her curiously. She looked around the interior, and focused on the matched set
  kneeling on the floor.  
"Your pets are shapely," S'Leah said slowly, "but
  I don't see what good they are, all bound up like that. Especially traveling."  
The royal slowly turned her head and regarded this
  woman in the expensive suit. Her gaze dropped to S'Leah's feet and worked upward
  slowly, finally returning to S'Leah's face.  
"They are bound," she said finally, choosing her
  words, "for my amusement."  
"Oh," S'Leah said innocently. "So they can't see
  at all. Can they hear us?"  
The woman rolled her eyes and went back to looking
  out the window.  
"Because I would think they can hear us pretty
  clearly," S'Leah went on, watching the pets. "Now, their arms are obviously
  bound, and they can't see, but&mdash;"  
"They are quadruple plugged," the royal said in
  exasperation. "Dildos front and back, built into the restrainer. Gagged. Nasal
  tubing. And liquid rubber poured into their ears. They can't hear a thing."  
All of them swayed as the coach rolled over rough
  ground. S'Leah watched the two pets kneeling on the floor. They were kneeling
  with their buttocks resting on the heels of their toe boots, backs straight
  and chins up. The enclosed space was beginning to fill with the scent of leathyr
  and rubber, which always brought a flood of memories to S'Leah of her time
  in the stables.  
"Well," S'Leah said finally, "I guess they're at
  your mercy. It's too bad they're all covered up. Can't really do anything but
  look."  
"What would you do?" The royal for the first time
  expressed a hint of interest.  
S'Leah eyed the pets, running her gaze up and down
  their covered forms, then shrugged nonchalantly and stared out the window at
  the passing scrubland.  
"Does it matter?" she said offhandedly, and would
  say no more.  
Not quite three hours into the trip, near the halfway
  point, the coach stopped for ten minutes. The driver jumped down and began
  watering her mares, one at a time, unhooking their bits and letting them suck
  on the end of a squeeze bottle.  
The aide opened the coach door and carefully led
  the pets out into the sun. S'Leah followed, stopping to stretch beside the
  open door. She watched the aide lead the two long-legged pets off the road
  into the stunted scrub. The pets moved into wide-legged stances facing away
  from the road, and the aide reached down between their legs, one at a time,
  and removed the plugs from the restrainers' built-in catheters.  
Thus uncorked, thick streams of urine erupted from
  the rubberclad mounds of the two pets, and they visibly relaxed. The rushing
  streams continued at length, and S'Leah surmised that the pets' bladders had
  over time become stretched through deliberate overfilling until their capacities
  were far in excess of what was normal. Finally the sparkling streams faded
  to trickles, then drips, then stopped. The aide bent over and reinserted the
  plugs into the catheter openings, then led the pets a short distance away and
  started them doing squats to keep their legs toned.  
S'Leah wandered over to the two dark circles in
  the dirt. She turned sideways to the coach, unbuttoned the front of her trousers,
  and fished out her penis. With an effort she forced out a thin stream, which
  darkened another circle of dirt. She shook off, rebuttoned, then, taking off
  her dressy jacket, wandered around the scrubby shoulder of the road. With just
  a thin white blouse on her back the desert heat was barely noticeable.  
When the driver was done watering her mounts she
  rebitted them, checked their leathyrs for cracks, then climbed back into her
  seat. S'Leah was the last into the coach, retaking her place on the bench across
  from the royal. The aide and her pets were in their former places on the floor
  and the team huffed into motion.  
"You should have mentioned you were extra-ordinary," the
  royal said idly. S'Leah knew she'd been watching out the coach window as she'd
  relieved herself.  
"It rarely comes up in idle conversation," S'Leah
  said with a smile. "M'Lady."  
The royal opened her mouth to speak, then closed
  it, changing her mind. "I'm sure. We've never been formally introduced. I'm
  Princess Sucette Souillon, of Clan Mastix, fourteenth in line."  
S'Leah bowed her head. "I'm honored."  
The Princess' eyes dipped quickly to S'Leah's crotch,
  so quick she almost missed it. She licked her lips.  
"Feel free to use my pets for your entertainment," the
  Princess said. "They have naught else to do."  
S'Leah bowed her head again. "A most generous offer.
  However, I feel I must restrain myself, as I don't know what your highness
  would consider&hellip;inappropriate," S'Leah said. Her words intrigued Souillon,
  which had been their intent.  
The Princess snapped her fingers, and the aide
  opened her small bag and presented it to her mistress. From it the Princess
  withdrew a length of slender rubber tubing. She fit one end of the black tube
  into the hole in one of her pet's gags, where it fit snugly. Then, undoing
  snaps between her legs&mdash;S'Leah still couldn't figure out what kind of
  garment it was&mdash;the Princess reached her hand inside holding the free
  end of the rubber tube. After a few seconds she removed her hand, but the tube
  stayed in place, disappearing up between her legs. The Princess leaned back,
  and spread her arms along the top of the bench back.  
"They are fifth generation pets, born to the leash
  and cage," she said. "They know nothing but to serve. You would be hard pressed
  to do anything to them that I would consider inappropriate."  
S'Leah could hear the pet swallowing, and watched
  her throat muscles move up and down. After a while that ceased, and the Princess
  reached between her spread thighs to remove the tubing. She lifted it up high,
  to make sure no urine remained in the rubber tubing, then unplugged it from
  her pet's mouthpiece and handed it to her aide. The aide deftly coiled the
  black tubing and replaced it in the small purse.  
The Princess then undid the rest of the snaps of
  the garment between her legs, so that it looked like a skirt between the cuffs
  around her slender thighs, and pulled the other pet close. She undid this one's
  gag and removed it, revealing a flexible, ventilated eight-inch-long black
  rubber phallus, shiny with saliva. With a heel she nudged the blind, rubber-covered
  head forward, and S'Leah saw the pet licking her lips. Then its head was pushed
  inside the white rubber between the Princess' legs.  
The Princess then quickly snapped closed her white
  rubber pseudo-skirt, this time around her pets' neck, enclosing her head. The
  Princess slid forward on the bench seat and spread her legs wider. Doubly hooded
  now in rubber, the pet was busily licking away at her owner's folds. Her head
  was a vague shape under the white rubber, which ballooned slightly.  
"Can she breathe under there?" S'Leah asked. The
  pet's head could be seen moving back and forth as she licked dutifully, but
  the white rubber was snapped tightly around her neck. She couldn't have withdrawn
  if she'd wanted to.  
The Princess idly watched the bump that was her
  pet's head angling to and fro. "Apparently," she said after some deliberation.
  The other rubberclad pet knelt blindly beside the first, and the Princess idly
  stroked the smooth black dome of her head.  
The aide watched all this activity without expression,
  only glancing once at S'Leah to see her reaction. She remained on her knees,
  leaning forward, and S'Leah watched her small breasts shake gently as the coach
  rolled ever on. Her eyes traveled past the aide's breasts, down her corset,
  to her bare heart-shaped ass sticking out invitingly. The backless skirt was
  barely more than a black rubber apron tied at the bottom.  
"And the third?" S'Leah inquired.  
The Princess glanced over and saw she was asking
  about the aid, and laughed. "She begs the inappropriate."  
"Move forward," S'Leah commanded.  
The ballgag contorted her face, and made her expressions
  hard to read, but the aide seemed genuinely pleased at this turn of events.
  She scooted forward, staying on her knees in the middle of the floor. S'Leah
  climbed down and knelt behind her.  
The black rubber skirt was tight, almost painfully
  so. The oval hole exposing the aide's buttocks was just barely large enough;
  even with her kneeling down and bent over the puckered rosebud of her anus
  was just visible above the rubber's edge. Her sex below it was hidden from
  view, but S'Leah wasn't upset. In fact, this might work out better for her.  
She undid the front of her trousers, already erect.
  The aide now looked back, and pushed her ass out with an eager gleam in her
  eye. The Princess looked on, a hint of amusement in her face, as her pet continued
  to toil, hidden among the folds of rubber between her legs.  
S'Leah coated the head and shaft of her cock with
  spit, then gobbed again onto her fingertips. The aide's wrinkled rosebud was
  surprisingly soft and loose. S'Leah smeared spit over the outside, then probed
  her with a finger. It went in without resistance, as did a second. S'Leah removed
  her fingers and replaced them with her cockhead. She pushed forward and slid
  in easily, all the way to the base. The woman on all fours before her groaned
  and pushed backward as she was entered.  
"Doesn't quite seem to be a virgin, does she," S'Leah
  remarked. The aide was warm and soft around her shaft, and she wiggled a little
  in anticipation.  
"Not exactly tight?" the Princess asked rhetorically. "As
  talented as you'll find it, that backside has seen quite a few visitors, large
  and small. My herbalist has developed a diet for all my playthings," she remarked. "You'll
  find it getting slipprier in there as you go."  
She was right. As S'Leah pumped slowly back and
  forth, getting a feel for the aide and her ass, her cock began moving more
  freely. It was as if she was lubed from the inside. S'Leah had never heard
  of such a thing, but supposed the diet was rich in oils.  
The more she thrust, the looser the aide got, and
  the wetter her channel became. It felt good, but reminded S'Leah of why she
  was there&mdash;to make such an impression upon the Princess that she was invited
  along. She stopped pumping and withdrew her cock.  
"With her gaping backside, she seems to be enjoying
  this more than I am," S'Lead announced. She sat on her heels behind the aide
  and penetrated her with three fingers. They slid in easily, and were soon slick.
  S'Leah added a fourth finger, then with hardly a pause began working her entire
  fist into the kneeling woman.  
The aide stiffened, grunting, surprised more than
  anything else. Her ring of muscle clenched at S'Leah's twisting hand, but the
  aide never moved or leaned away, she was too well trained. With little effort
  S'Leah soon had her entire right hand in the aide up to the wrist. Her hand
  wasn't that big, and soon the aide began to relax. After just a few minutes
  of twisting and stroking the aide was groaning with pleasure again. Her ass
  had loosened even more, and once S'Leah's fist and wrist were properly slicked
  up, they began to move easier. S'Leah soon had the aide bucking and thrusting
  herself back onto her fist, which she began to pull out completely before roughly
  ramming it back in.  
The aide lowered herself onto her elbows and hung
  her head as S'Leah began to explore her. She twisted her hand this way and
  that, pushing her arm ever further into the woman. The Princess watched silently,
  slouched back in the seat, a bemused expression on her face. She had one leg
  bent back, and pressed her heel against the back of her pets' head toiling
  unseen between her thighs.  
The aide seemed to be infinitely receptive, but
  when S'Leah could glide her entire forearm into her, the aide's rubbery ring
  of muscle stretched to the full circumference of her elbow, she figured that
  was enough.  
S'Leah rose up onto her knees again as she pulled
  her arm back until just her hand was inside the woman's ass. Her anus was bright
  red and shiny with lube, inside ridged and fluted like the petals of a flower.
  S'Leah stabbed her organ deep into the aide, grasped it with her hand still
  inside the woman, and began jacking herself off.  
The aide cried out in pleasure, the sound buried
  in her ballgag, as S'Leah's efforts shook her body.  
"Oh, yes, very nice," the Princess purred. She
  licked her lips and stared.  
S'Leah widened her stance and gripped the aide's
  corset for leverage as she pumped her hand around her thrusting shaft. The
  aide was beside herself, drool running out around her gag, forehead pressed
  to the floor. It was only a few minutes before S'Leah grunted and came, spurting
  her seed deep into the woman's open bowel.  
She ground to a stop, sweating slightly, hunched
  over the aide's rear end. She suspected that she'd ruined the knees of her
  new suit, but from the look of approval and arousal on the Princess' face she
  figured it was a successful trade.  
S'Leah backed out of the woman still on all fours
  and regarded the slimy mess that was her hand and organ. "I don't suppose there's
  a cloth about," she said.  
"No need," the Princess told her. "Just pop that
  gag out and you'll be gratefully licked clean. And more if you're up for it," she
  added. "That was interesting. I've never seen anything quite like it. What
  did you say your plans were after we arrive in Greenwood?"  
S'Leah smiled inwardly and sat back, watching the
  huge tunnel into the aide slowly shrinking in diameter.  
 CHAPTER FOURTEEN&mdash;SISTERS OF THE CIRCLE  
 Daka's Mistress, the Lady Koho-Sen, was accorded an elegant suite all her
  own, and assigned a personal handmaiden for the duration of her stay, however
  long that would be.  
She would have preferred to have her robes cleaned and pressed before the
  meeting, but there was no time for it. She did, however, allow herself the
  luxury of a sponge bath while the handmaiden did her best to brush the dirt
  from her robes. As with all of Lady Lena's servants the handmaiden was cross-trained
  in the arts of pleasure, had Koho-Sen been so inclined. However, the meeting
  was more important than her won personal discomfort at having gone days without
  release. Reinserting the large, formal plug that indicated her clan was scant
  comfort.  
Due to the important, and somewhat sensitive, nature of the meeting, the
  invited had agreed to attend alone, leaving all aides, pets, or others in their
  personal quarters, if they'd brought them at all. Koho-Sen had had the longest
  to travel, and had left late. She'd opted to travel alone, which had proved
  fortunate for Daka&mdash;he'd had a place to sit.  
The handmaiden helped her into her robes after her skin had air dried. Her
  hands casually brushed the sides of Lady Koho-Sen's breasts as she fastened
  the robe around her, clear sign she was eager to be of more service. The Lady
  had no time for that, though, and pretended not to notice.  
She kept the hood back to better show off her glossy, freshly brushed hair,
  and went barefoot, as was customary. She followed the handmaiden through a
  maze of narrow hallways toward the meeting room. The Lady Lena's residence
  was constructed so as to slow and confuse an invading enemy force&mdash;the
  corridors were narrow, to eliminate any advantage they might have in numbers.  
Subdued lighting lit the narrow wood and paperboard paneled corridors. The
  paperboard sections were painted in colorful historical murals. Candlestuffed
  statua in small alcoves provided additional light.  
To an uneducated observer the house might have seemed silent and empty. Koho-Sen,
  however, knew the Lady Lena's estate was a bustling hive of activity, rendered
  quiet by liberal use of soundproofing materials during construction. The walls
  were much more substantial than they appeared.  
Lady Koho-Sen adopted a placid mein, her face blank, unreadable mask, which
  concealed the churning of her heart. So much was happening, so fast, most of
  which would affect the Clans and the bloodline, for better or worse. Outwardly,
  however, she remained calm, even as she seethed at having to walk so slowly&mdash;all
  of the Lady Lena's household staff, including the handmaidens, were hobbled,
  forcing them to adopt a slow, shuffling stride. En route they passed two other
  errand runners, dressed in the blue accented robes of the house, shuffling
  along quickly. The women bowed as they passed but said nothing as they were
  gagged.  
After another series of turns her handmaiden slid open a door panel to reveal
  a spacious antechamber. In it against one wall was a row of kneeling handmaidens.
  They rose and bowed as she entered, and her own led her across the room to
  a wide door. Statua in alcoves at either end were the only feature of the bare
  room, lit by recessed fixtures near the ceiling.  
The wide closed door was framed by two armed overmuscled geldings, who nodded
  respectfully at her but didn't bow&mdash;it would have required them to take
  their eyes off the room a dereliction of duty. Their shiny black armor looked
  like the carapaces of giant beetles, standing upright.  
Koho-Sen counted the waiting handmaidens and guessed, correctly, that she
  was the last to arrive. That thought put a tiny crease in her forehead, which
  she quickly erased. She nodded and one of the guards slid open the heavy soundproofed
  door, revealing the meeting room beyond. Lady Koho-Sen glided in silently,
  hearing the door slide closed behind her.  
One by one her Bloodsisters turned and bowed in her direction. The meeting
  room was designed in a circle, with overstuffed cushions for seats on the floor
  in a ring, evenly spaced around a low thick-topped polished oak table. The
  rest had not yet taken their positions around the table, and had been standing
  in small groups, talking, waiting for the last to arrive.  
Now that the group was complete they began the formal greetings. Each went
  to another, in no order, greeted them by their formal name and bowed, to show
  respect, honor, and courtesy, and then they kissed, a sign of their love and
  bond of sisters of the royal blood.  
There was the Lady Lena, pale and slender as a reed in formal blue robe,
  the color of her clan. Her hair was as straight and pale as cornsilk, and hung
  to her waist. Her house was known to all as one of the finest specialized schools
  in the realm, producing the most exquisitely skilled assayan and handmaidens
  one could ever wish to own. Her trainers were now working with specimens genbred
  from tenth generation stock, crafted on site by her own gifted geneticists.
  Her staff also trained small numbers of ponies, as quality mounts this far
  from the royal court were hard to acquire even for nobility.  
The Lady Piscine, of Clan Ophidi, was there in her green robes. Her whipcord
  body made the Lady Lena look thickwaisted. Lady Koho-Sen tried not to show
  her shock&mdash;obviously the Lady Piscine had her own gene-weavers working
  hard on her own body. She'd long strived to warp her body closer to that of
  her clan's namesake, and obviously had experienced recent successes. Her head
  was now noticeably wedge-shaped, her skin much darker, and when they kissed
  Koho-Sen found her sister's tongue was now forked and long enough to stroke
  the back of her throat. What changes had been wrought under her robe Koho-Sen
  could only guess. A waste of resources, Lady Koho-Sen thought, but they were
  Lady Piscine's resources to do with as she pleased.  
Lady Roba Haigu-Sha, arguably the furthest from the throne of those in the
  room, both by her blood and, some said, crude behavior, wore the brown robes
  of Clan Cynophae. She was a plain, unremarkable woman in appearance, with short
  brown hair. Her chosen name and family history, however, belied her plain exterior.
  In fact, Koho-sen was nearly certain she'd chosen the name Donkey Wife as an
  undeniable symbol that she had no aspirations toward the throne, although the
  descriptor wasn't truly accurate&mdash;all the donkeys had died long before
  any of the women in the room were born.  
The dark-eyed Lady Main of Clan Maritate was as quiet as usual, giving her
  but a quick sweet kiss. Her purple robes shimmered in the light from the one
  wide window, which looked to be at least thirty feet off the ground. The wall
  outside, of course, would be impossible to scale.  
In her pearl white robes Lady Hirondelle of Clan Bukkake was radiant. Her
  skin was lightly tan and nearly glowed, it was so perfect. Her brown ringlets,
  frosted with blonde, framed a pretty but unremarkable face. Her hair was shorter
  than the last time they'd met, barely covering the nape of her neck. She had
  a soft body, with large round breasts, but was shapely, not fat.  
Lady Rosetta, as usual, appeared irritated and impatient with the formalities,
  although she performed them flawlessly. Her black hair was in a long braid
  running to the center of her back. She wore the silver and tan of Clan Infibula.  
"Sisters," Lady Lena said finally when the greetings were done, motioning
  them to their cushions. Each was color coded, and Koho-Sen found Lady Hirondelle
  on her left and Lady Piscine on her right. The floor was sunken underneath
  the table, and instead of sitting crosslegged she found legs could hang over
  the edge. A small platform was there for her feet, and leaning back, found
  the second vertical pillow behind her was properly supportive.  
More formalities were now called for, as each in turn spoke of their clan
  and its births, deaths, and fortunes in general. Lady Koho-Sen learned little
  she didn't already know, most of which was unimportant. However, each woman
  had a disturbingly similar tale to tell, of organized raiding parties intent
  on stealing slaves and other property, and rumors of a new challenge to the
  bloodline.  
Lady Hirondelle had heard no such rumors, but her clan had been the hardest
  hit by the raiding parties.  
"They spend little time going after my ponies or pets," she told her sisters, "as
  you would expect. Instead they raid my clinics and kidnap my boys. Once, when
  a returning hunting party surprised them as they were making away with half
  a dozen seed-bearers, rather than give them up they killed them, and then themselves." Clan
  Bukkake operated several inseminariums in the North-South Territory, all far
  north of Lady Lena's lands.  
"We've had to triple the guards, and it's affected our success rate. Nervous
  squirters make for skittish seed, or so they say. I can only suspect it has
  something to do with a challenge to the bloodline claim, as you say."  
They all nodded, wondering what was in their future. The Lady Piscine shifted
  in her seat, easing a twinge in her knee, and suddenly the front of her robe
  began to move. A squirming shape rose up inside the green folds of her robe,
  twisting here and there. The Lady looked down at it with annoyance.  
"Lady Piscine!" Lady Lena scolded her. "I specifically requested that we
  leave all handmaidens, aides, pets, and playthings  ,
  outside the meeting room, so there would be no distractions. It was agreed
  to." She pointed at the wrist-thick coils that were twisting inside Piscine's
  robes. "Have you tired of your promise, or is there a problem?"  
Lady Piscine bowed her head in shame and embarrassment. "My apologies, sisters.
  I forgot it was with me."  
"Can you calm your toy enough to continue, or do you need to break the circle
  to remove it from the room?"  
"The circle will remain unbroken," she murmured, red-faced. She bent her
  head to the undulating coils and whispered, so quietly none could hear, then
  tapped it once with a fingertip.  
The coils swirled anew, but this time heading downward. Lady Piscine canted
  sideways slightly as she lifted a leg, then resettled herself on the cushions
  again when the coils had disappeared. Only one familiar with her could have
  read the expression on her face as the snaking coils returned to their resting
  place.  
"Lady Koho-Sen, you were next," Lady Lena told her.  
"I would prefer to go last, if it pleases my sisters," she said slowly. There
  was no objection, so Lady Piscine began speaking, grateful for the chance to
  so quickly take the others' minds off her faux pas. With her lands deep in
  the southeast, she'd had no trouble with raiders, but had heard innumerable
  rumors about the impending bloodline challenge.  
"But no one seems to know from whence they originate," she finished. "However,
  they are far too numerous and consistent for me to discount, whatever my desires."  
Finally, when all others had had their say, it was Lady Koho-Sen of Clan
  Anomeatia's turn. She spoke of her clan's fortunes, but only in generalities,
  as it wasn't important.  
"We too have had experience with these raiding parties," she told the circle. "Small,
  well-equipped, fast moving, they attack without warning. We have suffered only
  two raids," she said, "but, I'm sorry to say, our defense was nigh ineffectual.
  Patrols have been increased, and alertness is up, but I, as do we all, have
  many holdings that physically are nearly impossible to secure properly.  
The women around the table nodded, worried looks on their faces.  
"As to the rumors, prior to my leaving I had heard nothing new to you," she
  told them. "However," she raised her voice slightly, "my coach was attacked
  last night on the way here."  
"Attacked?" "By who?" "What happened?" "Where?" The chorus of voices subsided
  quickly and they waited.  
"An hour or so past sunset, last night, on the west road just this side of
  the Wash," she told them. "It was a Berserker-Shrike."  
"What?"  
"Impossible. None have been seen in years, and never this far north," Lady
  Main said.  
"That is true," she admitted. "But there it was."  
"No one's ever survived an attack," Lady Lena pointed out to her. "That is,
  with all their limbs intact."  
"I had warning that it was coming, and had a lightning rod ready."  
"How could you know it was coming?" Lady Piscine asked.  
"At night?" Lady Hirondelle added.  
"That is another story in itself," Lady Koho-Sen told them. She took a deep
  breath, then announced, "I think I've located the Lost Prince."  
Stunned silence greeted her pronouncement. The sisters, for once, had nothing
  to say.  
Lady Lena cleared her throat. "Lady Koho&hellip;." she began, but didn't
  know what else to say.  
"Are you sure?" Lady Main asked suspiciously.  
Lady Koho shook her head. "Sure? No. But he had the Mark, and everything
  else about him is right."  
"But what of the Proof? He cannot be the Prince without the altering issue,
  according to the legend."  
"I don't know," she admitted. "There was no one but me there when I found
  him. If I had given him the Test, and he was the one, I would have been useless
  at this meeting. And with events as rushed as they have been, I have had no
  other opportunity to try his issue on one of my pets or handmaidens." She wanted
  no one, not even her sisters, to suspect the Lost Prince might be close. There
  was no way to predict their actions, and she feared at least one of them might
  put their own fortunes and the fortunes of their clan above that of the realm.  
"Surely we would have heard of him before," Lady Roba said, a tad unsure.  
"For a number of reasons, he has not yet had a chance to lay with a woman," Lady
  Koho said, "else I'm sure we would have heard of him by now, if he is the One."  
"Just as the legend is written," Lady Rosetta said.  
"Where is this supposed Prince," Lady Main demanded. "We need to know, and
  we need to know quickly."  
"Safe," was all she would say. "And you are correct, we do need to act swiftly
  on this. Because of the gathering storm around the bloodline, if naught else.
  But I am wary."  
"Why?"  
"I was too far north to be attacked by a wandering, wild Berserker," she
  said. "Which means it had to've been sent after me. And no one knew where I
  was going but the people in this room, and perhaps those threatless peasants
  I ran into along the way who could see with their own eyes which direction
  I was headed."  
"Lady Koho! That is a serious charge," Lady Lena told her.  
"I make no charges," she demurred. "I simply make an observation. Do you
  deny that there could be a person in one of your camps who might have spoken
  of this meeting or your departure out of turn? That is all it would have taken,
  if indeed there is a mind behind these raids and rumors."  
That was a large bite, and they sat there for a while in silence, chewing
  on it.  
"This is very worrisome," Lady Lena said. "I need to think on this. Come,
  it is midday already. Let us eat, and relax for a while before continuing.
  Lady Piscine, will you give the blessing?"  
They arose and retired into an adjoining chamber, also guarded, where a grand
  buffet had been laid out. Handmaidens were called in, and the ladies lay relaxed
  on cushioned divans as they were fed and pleasured by the Lady Lena's skilled
  help.  
Any questions the sisters might have had about whether the disturbance had
  been caused by a plaything or the Lady Piscine herself, perhaps some new appendage
  that she didn't quite have control of, were answered when she reclined on a
  futon to eat. The eight foot anaconda emerged glistening from her robes and
  curled up on her stomach while she fed it shredded chicken and beef. Its skinny
  forked tongue continually tested the air.  
Lady Main lay half on her side on a divan, being fed by one handmaiden with
  a tray of food while another massaged her breasts through the open neck of
  her cotton robe. A white cotton undershirt was all she wore beneath the robe,
  and it was sheer and thin as gauze. A handmaiden had led in several jido adepts
  with their shorn heads, some of them very young, and one now had her head buried
  between the Lady Main's thighs. Glossy purple folds covered her down to her
  shoulderblades as she lay on her stomach at the end of the divan.  
"Your trainers should be commended," the Lady told her host in-between morsels
  of food. "This one could touch her ears with her tongue if she do desired,
  I do believe," she said, indicating the prone adept.  
"Your praise is gratefully acknowledged, and will be passed on," the Lady
  Lena said with a nod.  
Lady Roba Haigu-Sha had no use for the handmaidens or the adepts, and preferred
  to feed herself. She was provided with a clean bowl of water and a lemon scented
  cloth to clean up, and when she asked, was directed to the appropriate anteroom.  
Formal robes were not designed for convenience, ever. She quickly unwrapped
  hers and hung it on the wooden peg, then pulled down her loose silk undershorts.
  She lowered her backside into the oval hole, which was raised a foot or so
  off the floor. In the brightly lit space below it she could see the collection
  bowl.  
The edges of the oval hole were padded, so she could sink her backside down
  into it comfortably. It wrapped around her lower back and her thighs, keeping
  her upright while she relieved herself. When she was finished she head the
  scrape of the bowl being removed, then felt the soft cloth as she was wiped
  clean by the attendant. The cloth was followed by a thorough tonguing, for
  the utmost in cleanliness, then she was gently blown dry. Warm hands on her
  buttocks helped her to stand up, but when she looked down all she saw was a
  fresh bowl. The old bowl, or rather its contents, would, she was certain, eventually
  make it to the fields outside.  
The cloth wipe was a nice touch, if a little extravagant, what with the cost
  of cotton, and she didn't bother with it in her household. Her clan, like all
  the others, had its own share of women useless but for their obedient tongues,
  and she'd heard it only took a few months for a new toilet attendant to get
  used to the task. Perhaps it was just an extra courtesy the Lady Lena afforded
  her guests.  
No business was discussed during the break&mdash;it would have been bad form.
  And while most of the Ladies availed themselves of the services of a handmaiden
  or adept, they did not touch each other. The circle was still unbroken, spiritually
  if not physically, and touching was not allowed until the ceremonial joining,
  the kanyu  , at the close of the formal meeting.  
The time came to resume the discussion, and they filed back into the meeting
  room and took their place in the circle.  
"We will, I assume, be discussing matters of import, concerning history and
  legend. In my house, for other reasons, I happen to have a historian from the
  royal court. Shall I ask her to join us?"  
The women assented and Lady Lena sent a handmaiden for the historian. She
  returned a short time later with a tiny, wizened old woman in the grey robes
  of an academic. She had straight hair in a short bowl cut, once pure black
  but now grey and white. Thin rimmed glasses perched on the end of her nose
  and she peered through them at the assembled women as she shuffled into the
  room.  
The assembled all nodded at their learned guest, who asked for a chair in
  a squeaky voice.  
"I'm too old to be sitting on the floor," she said. "My hips complain."  
A chair was found for her, and she perched above them, hands clasped in her
  lap. She was named Setsuya Matsue, but was addressed Sempai Nodo, Elder Throat.  
Her presence in the house reminded Koho-Sen that Lady Lena's residence was
  more a small city than a large house. Besides her and her daughters, and the
  one seedless son, there was the training staff that schooled the resident courtesans
  and ponies until they were skilled enough to be sold off. There was Lady Lena's
  own stablehands and ponies, and the rest of her household staff&mdash;cooks,
  cleaners, innumerable handmaidens, guards, and the invisibles, such as the
  toilet attendants. There were the laborers toiling in the fields, and their
  wardens, plus the gene weavers and their assistants in the low building in
  back.  
The main house dwarfed the other buildings, which were laid out in an open-ended
  circle around a garden and pony track. Several of the buildings went deep underground,
  and were much larger than they appeared. When the fieldworkers came in at sunset,
  and the gates were closed, the walls held over five hundred souls in the leanest
  of times.  
"Tell us of the legend of the Lost Prince," Lady Lena spoke to the historian.  
"The Lost Prince, well, now that is a story," the old woman said with a smile. "And
  it starts long before any of us were born. You do remember the history of the
  bloodline, as you have been taught, don't you. Where it begins?"  
They nodded. Their line began in fire, the day the fire filled the earth
  and sky, and the world that was perished. Five of ten died in an instant, and
  another three of ten died from the heat sickness that still plagued the wasteland
  south of the Wash.  
"So eight of ten were gone from this earth within a week's time, through
  some folly of immense magnitude, the reason of which has been lost in time.
  What followed the fire, though, was worse, as the tales tell it. Germs of evil
  design were loosed upon the world somehow, that killed in horrible ways, both
  quick and slow. Wave after wave circled the globe, killing ever more, until
  ninety-nine of a hundred were gone.  
"When the waves of death finally stopped, the written histories of that time
  tell us, and the survivors began to gather together, they found they were alike
  in more ways than just the fact they were still somehow alive. When they had
  time for such things in their savaged, ravaged world, the women who were left
  found they shared a love for each other as well as for men. Not only that,
  but the fires in their loins burned immeasurably brighter than those who didn't
  survive the fires and plagues. Most felt this was due to some unknown chemical
  of the blood or gene in the brain that kept them immune from the evil germs,
  but there was no way for them to do more than guess. The joy they felt in merely
  surviving they shared with each other, and they accepted no boundaries for
  their passions. These traits that somehow helped spare our ancestors a grisly
  death have been passed down almost without exception to subsequent generations,
  to this day.  
The men fared much worse. The germs took them in much greater numbers, so
  that they are outnumbered this day ten to one. And, as we all know, while the
  airborne death might not have killed them, it killed their seed. Barely two
  men in a hundred bear fruitful seed this day. One woman in ten is fertile,
  a much better number, but still troubling, which is why the bloodline has for
  generations run the Inseminariums. The future of our realm is too important
  to be left to chance." The women all nodded at this, and glanced at Lady Hirondelle,
  who was in charge of several of the breeding facilities.  
"How many years the survivors milled around, picking up the pieces, trying
  hard just to stay alive&mdash;and not always succeeding, mind you&mdash;is
  lost to history. But within that first generation, a woman arose to lead the
  survivors. Who she was before the fires and germs no record shows, but when
  she began to plan and organize, people saw her wisdom and followed. She was,
  of course Queen Fine, the very first of our bloodline, and the savior of our
  peoples.  
"Her wisdom was so great that soon she was asked to lead, a role that at
  first she did not want. Eventually she relented, the story goes, and took the
  title Queen. By the time she passed on, and her daughter, Queen Jeanna the
  younger, began rule, people had joined together and began rebuilding what is
  now the royal city.  
"As you know, the waves of fire and airborne death killed all animals larger
  than dogs. No machines would work, and there were no beasts of burden to work
  the land when the survivors finally began to plant again. Legend has it that
  a certain percentage of those survivors, realizing it was in the common good,
  and having no useful skills other than size or strength, selflessly volunteered
  themselves as human beasts of burden. The descendants of these women, of course,
  are the ponies of today. This is the story we tell children, yes?" The women
  in the circle nodded. "As you informed Ladies well know, seldom is life so
  simple, and so soon after the near end of the world times were harsh. These
  women were put into the bit against their will for the most part. Queen Jeanna
  the Second legalized slavery early in her rule, seeing no other way to accomplish
  the tasks that lay before her and her people in the wasteland that our country
  had become, and after a brief resistance a caste system very similar to what
  we have today was put into place. During the reign of her daughter, Queen Virginia
  the Chaste, the second generation of ponies, these now born to the bit, began
  to do their part, and the kingdom began, finally, to grow.  
"It was Queen Fatimah&mdash;"  
"The Sore and Wet," Lady Roba interjected. The historian paused, and grew
  a small smile.  
"Yes, she was called that," she admitted, "although it was never part of
  her official title. While not the most free-spirited of our queens, she was
  perhaps the most open about her predilection for rough and frequent play. As
  for nicknames, Queen Slavia was known as the Merciless. It is her we have to
  thank for the creation of statua, and fetishettes, and the standardization
  of pony training. And then there's the infamous Queen Mirabelle."  
"The Hollow," Lady Roba said.  
The historian nodded. "But back to Queen Fatimah. You know she was on a trip
  between territories with her young husband Errall and her infant son. The son,
  Michael, was the first true son of the line&mdash;both the Queen and her husband
  were fertile, a first in seven generations. He was destined for the throne
  as our first King, but the traveling party was attacked in the high desert
  by bandits. The guards were killed, as was Errall. The bandits then made off
  with the Queen and the other females in the party. After enduring several days
  of &hellip; indignities, the Queen attempted to escape and was killed. Two
  weeks after that, a rescue party finally caught up with the bandits, all barren
  men raised in Wash. The bandits were killed and the Queen's ponies and handmaidens
  were returned to the palace. Of the infant son, however, there was no sign.
  His body was never found, and no one remembered seeing him after the attack,
  although the women spent most of their time on their backs in the wagons."  
"The queen was survived by two nieces, Annabelle and Victoria. Succession
  wasn't as clear as you might have been led to believe, but Victoria was the
  eldest, and favored by the court, so she was crowned. Her progeny have held
  the throne for the last ten generations. You, my Lady Main," she pointed, "you
  are a direct descndant of Annabelle, are you not?"  
"Yes."  
"And by that curt answer I can see that all the hurts have not healed, even
  at this late date. Well, that brings us to the missing child of Queen Fatimah.
  The legend says that he lived, and was raised by a nomad tribe. And that he
  bore a son, and he a son, and that to this day there is a pureblood prince
  somewhere in the territory."  
"What of the Proof?" demanded Lady Main. The Sempai held up her hand.  
"Legend has it that the men of this line have the shield of the house of
  Fatimah on their shoulder. It is a pattern few outside the court would recognize
  today, a six-pointed star over a scimitar, inside a circle. And in the legend
  there is also a proof," she acknowledged, nodding to the Lady Main. "It is
  said that the seed of these men makes women weak playthings, with no mind of
  their own. How that could be, scientifically, I could not guess, but stories
  persist of the power of Errall's seed. How any female that ate his seed would
  immediately fall sway to him. Ponygirls, handmaidens, even Queen Fatimah, turned
  into mindless things with naught but an unquenchable burning between their
  legs for him. This Lost Prince is to have such seed, according to the legend."  
"What make you of the legend?" Lady Lena asked her. The historian regarded
  her closely.  
"We speak seriously now?" All the women seated before her nodded.  
"It bothers me that the boy, alive or dead, was never found," Nodo said. "However,
  the wilds are unforgiving, and a dog or fox could easily have made away with
  his body before the rescuers passed.  
"But this country is a large and empty place. His line could have survived
  without attracting notice, even if the stories about his seed were true. He
  could be the leader of a large nomad tribe, his seed keeping all the women
  close to him. Which is why I or my assistants visit the royal inseminariums
  several times a year. A boy, or man, of this bloodline, would have to be fertile
  to fit the legend. All males have their seed tested for life as soon as they're
  old enough to squirt&mdash;or rather, they're supposed to, but as I said before
  our realm is still a large and empty place. Those whose seed has life are sent
  to do their duty at the inseminariums, and it is there that their seed is eaten
  under controlled conditions just on the off chance the legend is perhaps more
  than fancy. Over the years I myself have tasted more seed than most assayan,
  and while I've acquired a tongue for it, I've yet to eat any that tasted good,
  much less made me swoon." That got quite a few smiles.  
"Do I believe the legend is true? I hope so, I dearly hope so. It would heal
  an old rift in our family. But I have no faith."  
"Thank you, Sempai, for your words and wisdom," Lena told her. The Sempai
  nodded. "When do you leave us?"  
"Two days, perhaps. I'm researching the bloodlines of ponies, as you know,
  and still need to do some more tests on your young ones. I was also informed
  that the team Lady Roba haigu-Sha arrived with is genbred from original fifteenth-generation
  stock, and newly matured?" This got a nod. "They will require much study&mdash;with
  your permission, m'lady."  
"Of course."  
"Now, if you will excuse us." Lady Lena rose and escorted the historian to
  the door. She returned, thoughtful, to the circle.  
"The test needs to be performed with all haste," Lady Hirondelle announced,
  looking to Lady Koho. The others agreed.  
"Let us finish the rest of our scheduled business," the Lady Koho told them. "Nothing
  can be done with him until we are done here anyway. My watchers will not follow
  any orders that don't come directly from my mouth. A few more days, after ten
  generations, won't make a difference."  
 CHAPTER FIFTEEN  
"Uma?"  
She looked up as her name was called out, hand still wrapped around Daka's
  big shaft inside his robe. A muscular blonde man stood before them in leather
  chaps and vest.  
"What is it, Ranyo?" she said with some exasperation. He was one of her stablehands,
  and not the brightest.  
Ranyo nodded at Daka. "Is he the one with Lady Koho-Sen?"  
"Yes." She released her hold on Daka's organ, the moment past.  
"I'm to take him to the smithy and get him ringed," Ranyo told her.  
"Who says?"  
"Lady Koho told Lady Lena, who told a handmaiden, who found me out back exercising
  Midnight and Strawberry."  
"All right. Well, you heard him, boy, get to the smithy. But return here
  straightaway. I want to try to exercise all these thoroughbreds today before
  they get too frisky."  
"Yes Ma'am."  
Daka obediently followed Ranyo through the stable to the exercise yard in
  back. Two ponies, one so darkskinned she was nearly purple and one a light-skinned,
  freckled redhead, pulled a small, heavily weighted coach around a circular
  track at a slow jog. The ruts where the wheels ran were extra deep to keep
  the coach on path.  
Ranyo led him out a gate in the fence to a small wood building. Smoke billowed
  from its steel chimney. Inside, bent over a small anvil, working on a trailer
  hitch, was a stocky bear of a woman. Her graying hair hung in a thick ponytail
  down her bare, sweaty back. She wore roughskinned blacksmith's chaps and a
  thick canvass apron. Her skin was sooty and smudged and streaked with sweat.
  Her fat breasts hung down to her waist and bulged the apron, making her look
  obese, but Daka saw it was mostly muscle.  
"Nina!" Ranyo called out. The big woman looked up, raising the magnifying
  goggles from her eyes so she could see them. "This one needs a ring," he told
  her.  
"I'm busy," she told him gruffly.  
"Supposed to be done immediately, by order of the Lady," Ranyo said warningly.  
"Everything's always a rush," she grumbled, but straightened up and took
  off the goggles. "Well, come here, boy," she growled. "I can't do it from across
  the room. Sit there," she told him, when he'd obeyed. "And pull up that robe."  
Daka sat in the angle-backed wooden chair and put his feet in the metal pads
  on the floor before it. Nina began spinning a crank on the back of the chair,
  and the flat metal footpads rose and separated. His knees spread wide and came
  back almost to his chest. Nina pulled up a stool and tugged on rubber gloves.
  As she sat on the stool Daka heard clanking.  
"Well, let's see what we have here," she murmured. "Hey, you dunce, he's
  already got a ring," she called to Ranyo. She grabbed the metal tag and read
  it uninterestedly.  
"You're supposed to put in a guiche, and hook 'em together," Ranyo said. "Seamless.
  Also supposed to get rid of some tag, whatever that means."  
"Okay, this will take but a minute."  
With a pair of large snips Nina deftly removed his former owner's tag from
  the ring through his glans, then examined the ring in her thick fingers. She
  grunted.  
"Pull up your package, boy," she told him. He didn't know what she meant,
  so she pulled his cock and scrotum up out of the way and pressed them to his
  mound. "Like that," she directed.  
She pulled over a two-foot-square box on wheels that was filled with drawers
  from bottom to top. From different drawers she removed pliers, a small but
  thick gold ring, a thick needle, and a steel hypodermic. She grabbed the hypodermic
  first.  
'You're not going to feel anything down here for a while," she told him,
  stabbing the hypo into the skin below his scrotum. She injected the fluid it
  contained and counted to sixty. Daka felt a growing numbness, which soon reached
  from his navel, down between his legs and up to his tailbone, and a few inches
  down each thigh.  
Nina grabbed the thick needle and pinched a thick fold of skin just below
  his scrotum. Daka couldn't feel a thing as he watched her push the needle through
  the fold. She took the open-ended gold ring, barely large enough to go around
  the tip of her pinkie, and pushed it against the base of the needle. The needle
  came out, leaving the ring prettily piercing his reddish-brown skin. The ring
  lay sideways between his thighs. The hole in his flesh didn't bleed at all.  
"Okay, let go," Nina said. "Let go." She tapped his hands, and he let go
  of his genitals. His scrotum fell forward and covered the new ring, and Nina
  nodded.  
Grabbing the ring vertically piercing the head of his cock, Nina curled it
  under to meet the new horizontal ring. When the two overlapped, she took the
  small pliers and squeezed the small ring shut. Daka's cock was now ringed to
  his own body, its head half-buried beneath his balls.  
"Now," Nina said seriously, "don't move." Taking a small grey cylinder that
  just barely fit in her palm, she pushed his flesh to the side, revealing the
  two interlocking rings. With a click a spout of blue flame erupted from the
  tank. Nina adjusted it until the flame was but an inch long, then passed it
  back and forth along the seam on his small ring. When the metal had melted
  just enough she flicked off the torch and blindly reached behind her for an
  urn. She poured the water in it over Daka's groin, then let go of his flesh
  and sat back. Daka looked down at his reorganized genitalia in confusion, wondering
  just why this had been done to him. Had he angered his Mistress? The order
  had come from her, or so it'd been said.  
Nina cranked down his feet and helped him stand. With the numbness in his
  groin his legs felt funny, but he thought he could walk. When he looked down
  all he could see now was his shaft curving down and out of sight beneath his
  balls, which bulged out to either side.  
"Gonna have to piss sittin' down," Nina said, "but you're none the worse
  for wear." She stood up, undoing the apron strap behind her back, the pulled
  it off over her head. Underneath she wore nothing but the rough-sided chaps,
  and Daka was amazed at the amount of steel between her legs and hanging from
  her nipples. She had multiple rings stuffed through the big holes in the bases
  of her nipples, and there was so much glinting steel between her legs Daka
  couldn't see any flesh. She dipped the urn into a nearby barrel and doused
  her sweat-streaked body with water.  
"You got time for a poke?" Ranyo asked her, leaning against a table. His
  eyes were on her big gleaming, dripping breasts. Nina looked over at him with
  a scowl.  
"I don't have time for you, boy, I've got work until sunset and then some.
  Go park your stick in one of those ponies you like so much."  
The coach rolled through green hills for almost an hour before they entered
  Greenwood. Much of the green was soybeans or corn in ordered fields, but coarse
  grass covered the bare hills. S'Leah was amazed just how green the land became
  just a few days north of the Wash.  
The fields were an acre or three on average, with a small homestead on it
  or nearby. S'Leah could see small figures in the distance, working the rows,
  as the coach rolled on.  
The station was a pretty white-sided building on the edge of town. Greenwood
  stretched away to the east, small houses and low one- or two-story businesses,
  the street wide and layered with gravel.  
They pulled up beside the station creaking and clanking, and she stretched
  her stiff muscles. The padding on the seat left a lot to be desired, and her
  cheeks were both numb and sore at the same time. The Princess finally sat up
  on her bench as the coach began to slow, and started undoing the snaps around
  her pet's neck. Her head had been buried between the Princess' thighs for hours,
  but the Princess had never given any sign that she was receiving pleasure.
  The pet's head had continued to move the whole time, so S'Leah knew she hadn't
  passed out from lack of air. When her head came into view the rubber covering
  her face was slimy and glazed. Her gag was replaced immediately.  
"You are joining me," the Princess said. "I'm having a gala tomorrow night,
  and would enjoy it if you were there. I'm sure you'll have a good time."  
"It would be my honor," S'Leah said, bowing slightly.  
The driver hopped down and opened the door for them, and S'Leah followed
  the Princess out. The early evening air was cool on their faces, and smelled
  of cut grass and flowers.  
Parked beside the coach they'd arrived in was the most spectacular carriage
  had seen since she'd left the Royal City. It was huge, nearly twice the size
  of the one they'd been traveling in. Intricate carvings decorated its trim,
  done by the hand of a master. All the metal, the knobs and hinges and bolts,
  were polished to a mirror finish. The coach itself was lacquered an off-white,
  with burgundy trim. S'Leah peeked into a window and saw three wide padded leathyr
  benches, two facing forward, one back, with small fixed endtables.  
The coach was pulled by a matched team of ten, as large a team outside a
  draughtwagon S'Leah had ever seen. They were all blondes, most alike enough
  that she guessed they were two or three sets of siblings or clones. These were
  show ponies, not true working mounts. Their burgundy leathyrs were without
  a crack and shone from a recent oiling. Their builds, while obviously the result
  of hi-gen breeding, were slender, at least by pony standards (anywhere but
  the Wash, where stringy mounts were the norm). There was not a hair out of
  place in their thick blonde manes, which hung to the small of their backs.
  Cheeks, lips, and eyes were tinted with makeup to improve their already considerable
  looks. S'Leah wondered how it would hold up under heavy sweating. The nipples
  of their breasts, which were medium in size (which meant for ponies they were
  large) and perfectly shaped, were pierced by shiny steel rings, from which
  depended tiny silver bells which tinkled merrily when they moved.  
"Do you like my coach?" the Princess asked her, wandering around the rear
  of the other.  
"It's magnificent," S'Leah admitted. "Why weren't you on it instead of the
  public one?"  
"It was north on another errand when I went south," she said. "And it was
  dearly missed, but we all have to make sacrifices sometimes."  
The Princess' coach had not one but two drivers, dressed in burgundy cotton
  finery. They both were redheads with long ponytails and freckles. S'Leah guessed
  they were chosen more because their coloring matched the coach than any other
  reason. They bowed deeply to the Princess, who ignored them, then scurried
  off. One rechecked the pony harnesses, while the other moved to get her Mistress'
  trunks off the top of the other coach.  
The telescoping platform that had been used to raise the big trunks to the
  roof was apparently lighter than it looked, and had been folded and stored
  beside the trunks. It was now brought down, unfolded, and telescoped back up
  to roof level. Two drivers, the dusty one from the trip in and the Princess'
  dandy in cotton finery wrestled the trunks one at a time to the raised platform,
  lowered it, rolled it to the lower coach, and raised it again to slide the
  trunks off into the other roofrack.  
When they were done the redhead tipped the driver of the public coach, who
  thanked her and then headed into the station. While the trunks were being moved
  the aide had led the two pets by leash into the station to relieve themselves.
  By the time the drivers were done with the heavy trunks the aide had loaded
  the pets into the coach and climbed in behind them.  
S'Leah was taking the opportunity to stretch her legs, and had been examining
  the giant carriage and the Princess' team. As big as the coach was, it appeared
  to roll easily, probably on bearinged axles that had been trued. With ten ponies,
  even ten show ponies on the lead, it would be an easy pull.  
S'Leah was perplexed at the ponies' seeming lack of genitalia, until she
  remembered they were property of the Clan Infibula. The dainty brand marking
  the flats of their right buttocks was unfamiliar, probably the Princess' own
  seal.  
S'Leah climbed into the cabin after the Princess and took a seat next to
  her on the front-most forward facing bench. The leathyr was soft and fragrant,
  a dramatic changed from their last accommodation. A bench faced them, and another
  was to their rear. The aide sat demurely on the rear bench, hands in her lap,
  but of the pets there was no sign.  
The coach began to roll without even the slightest jerk, and past the window
  S'Leah saw the station slide by as the rolled northwards once more. The Princess
  relaxed and leaned back on the seat, looking over at S'Leah.  
"Where are your pets?" S'Leah asked, looking around once again. With a toe
  the Princess lifted the edge of the seat facing them, and s'Leah saw it concealed
  a large compartment, large enough to accommodate a full grown man. Both the
  pets were wedged in there on their sides, head to tail, with no room to spare.  
The Princess let the lid drop, and smiled at S'Leah, who had no doubt that
  there was another compartment, empty, under her, and the Princess could have
  put the second pet in it if she'd so wished.  
There was a knock on the roof and after a short pause a hatch opened upward
  and one of the drivers climbed down on cleverly concealed footholds. She stepped
  from the seat onto the floor and turned to bow at them.  
"M'Lady, would you like a drink, or perhaps some fresh fruit?" she asked.
  S'Leah saw the boxy endtables were actually coolers, and was again surprised
  and impressed at the unabashed display of wealth and means.  
"Yes, but I think we can help ourselves," the Princess told her. "Do not
  bother us for the rest of the evening."  
"Yes, M'Lady," the liveried redhead said, and climbed back out the hatch.
  The Princess stood up and threw a large bolt, securing the hatch so the driver
  couldn't open it again. She went around the spacious cabin and began closing
  all the slatted blinds over the windows, shutting out the failing orange light.  
"We"ll stop in the morning sometime, whenever I see fit," the Princess told
  her. "In the afternoon we'll arrive at the Clan's estate."  
The Princess began removing her clothes, revealing small pale breasts and
  a skinny, hairless body. "I'm much more comfortable nude," she said, "but I
  try to avoid it in front of my pets. They get too familiar."  
"I understand."  
"Most of my clan have stayed true to our namesake," the Princess told her. "They're
  all sewed up tight as a drum when they reach womanhood, and can accept no more
  than a slender finger. I, while true to the blood, never saw the sense in this
  tradition, and don't seem to enjoy, to the same extent as my sisters, the plunging
  of my other channel. As the tradition is only informal, I opted instead to
  be circumcised, as you see, and am no tighter than a woman of any other clan." As
  she spoke the Princess sat back nude on the seat across from S'Leah and pulled
  back her knees. Her sex was a clean oval slit between her legs, slightly open
  and glistening red inside. Unencumbered by any wrinkled fleshy lips or hood,
  her hard red clit was much more prominent, like the tip of a finger.  
"If I am to draw the wrath of some in my clan by choosing to remain open
  and unsewn," the Princess said, "I feel that I should, at every opportunity,
  exploit my uniqueness." She sat there on the bench, facing S'Leah, knees back
  and thighs apart, with just the barest hint of expectation on her face. The
  lipless crevice between her legs began to leak clear fluid.  
S'Leah turned her head to look at the aide still sitting on the bench behind
  them. "Do you, perhaps, have another storage compartment?" she asked the Princess.
  A wide smile crept across the Princess' face.  
"Why of course."  
CHAPTER 16THE SEED OF HOPE 
The women represented the seven major clans west of Big River, each a branch
  of the royal bloodline. As such emissaries to this enclave, it was their duty
  to discover if there was a threat to the Queen. At this point, they had not
  enough information to confirm or deny if there even was a threat, much less
  if it was something that should concern the palace. 
However, it was also their place to formulate a plan if such a threat were
  to materialize. Whether the threat was of force of arms, or a blood claim,
  or something they could not foresee, as ranking royalty they needed to come
  up with contingency plans for dealing with all possible problems. 
The seven talked until afternoon turned to evening, but came nowhere near
  finishing the plans. There was just too much to consider, because the threat
  was too vague. 
As the sun began to sink toward the horizon, and the heat of midday began
  to fade, they broke sup. Lady Lena had once again provided an exquisite spread,
  into which they delved greedily. Afterwards they formed the circle and prayed,
  then separated. The seven would meet again in the morning and continue the
  discussion. 
Lady Koho-Sen returned to her room and found her wardrobe had been brought
  from her carriage. The wrinkles had been pressed from her clothing, which was
  hung and folded in her spacious closet. 
After a long, hot bath, the handmaiden helped her change into a casual cut
  charcoal grey robe, and took her formal robes to be cleaned and pressed by
  morning. Then, alone, the Lady made her way down to the ground floor and looked
  for a door outside. 
Lady Lena's main building was heavily populated by statua, which she was known
  to favor. Most were bent double and served as candleholders in small alcoves,
  or were used as furniture, although many were mounted on walls or hung from
  the ceiling in unique and interesting ways. Most were ripening adult, and those
  shapely, smart, and obedient enough would be trained as handmaidens after a
  year or two. 
She finally located a doorway bordered by armored guards who nodded at her
  as she passed. She found herself on a grey gravel footpath, bordered in trimmed
  grass, on the back side of the main house. The large rock and flower gardens
  were before her, bordered by immaculate green lawns. Past that was the oval
  track where Lady Lena sometimes held pony races. 
The stable was cool inside, and a hive of activity as the StableMistress and
  her assistants fed and washed the ponies after their late day exercise. Daka
  was there in the midst of all, soaping up an ebony beauty. 
Lady Koho! You honor us with your presence, Uma said when she saw their
  visitor. She waved at hand at her helpers and they turned and bowed. One was
  a blonde boy with a stupid face, another was an unbound pony wearing just her
  hoofboots and a bit. She was very pregnant, due any day by the size of her
  belly. Her breasts had swollen and her nipples darkened, and the weight of
  her belly had made her sex a bulging, sagging purse that kept getting squeezed
  between her muscular thighs. All of them were dripping with water and bubbles,
  but Daka still wore his robe, wet up to his knees. 
Were you ringed, as I instructed? she asked him. 
Yes, M'Lady, Daka said, head bowed. 
Show me. 
He pulled up the front of his robe, displaying the curving arc of his shaft.
  He lifted up his parts as she instructed, and she examined the interlocking,
  seamless rings. The shot had worn off some hours before, and Daka was now in
  some pain, but he gave no sign of it. 
That's enough, she said. Has he been of any help? she said to Uma. 
Yes, m'lady, and I'm glad to have him. He does indeed know his way around
  the ponies, and with this crowd I surely do need the help. 
Good, she said. He'll be sleeping in the main house tonight, I'll send
  for him later. 
Yes M'lady. 
Please continue your chores, you look like you've got your hands full. You
  too, boy. 
Yes M'lady. 
Lady Koho left the stable and walked aimlessly for a while. The gravel paths
  were many, crisscrossing the lawns and garden inside the protective U of the
  buildings. As she walked around a knob of small black boulders, their cracks
  brimming with wildflowers, she came across Lady Roba on a walk of her own. 
Lady Roba! Well met. 
Lady Koho. Would you like to join us? I'm in no hurry and have no destination. 
Just where I was heading. 
Lady Roba was accompanied by two dogs that, among their other skills, acted
  as her guards. They were both black as night, with fine glossy short hair that
  accentuated their muscular builds. The dogs were massive, with deep chests
  and narrow waists, and long whipcord tails. At the shoulder they stood over
  three feet, and reached to Lady Roba's waist. 
The dogs had been on either side of their Mistress; when Lady Koho joined
  her the dog that would have been between them moved so the women were guarded
  from both sides. As the women walked, the dogs stayed right with then, never
  needing a command. 
The two women had nearly traveled halfway around the grounds before a word
  was spoken. 
Your news of the Lost Prince fills me with hope, Lady Roba said, looking
  forward. But I sense danger ahead. 
Of all the sisters of the circle, you are the only one I fully trust, Koho
  told her. Your whole life you have made it plain to all who have eyes that
  you have no use for the throne, or the palace, or the royal court, or its etiquette. Lady
  Koho suppressed a smile. Especially its etiquette. 
Lady Roba shot her a wry grin. 
Therefore you are the only one I can fully trust. That Berserker did not
  find me by chance. 
But surely not one of the sisters? You yourself said it could have been a
  careless word in front of an aide or a pet. 
I said that only to soothe the rising tempers, Lady Koho told her. I do
  not believe it. 
But who? Who would have anything to gain? 
All I have now are suspicions, Lady Koho told her. And because that is
  all they are, I will not repeat them. I will needlessly besmirch no clan's
  good name. As to what would be gained, that is not as simple a question as
  it first appears. It requires much thought, and some research, I fear. 
Why fear? 
Any moves will just draw attention to ourselves, even before we've discovered
  anything. I must be careful. 
They rounded a tiny copse of maples and found a group of naked children running
  in circles on the lawn. The two women stopped and watched the dozen or so girls
  as they energetically jumped and ran about. Their minder kept them in line
  with an occasional sharp word and a long switch. 
I will do what I can, Lady Roba told her sister. Many say things to me
  and mine that they shouldn't. They believe it will not be passed on because
  we are in disfavor at the court. They forget that I am still of the bloodline,
  Lady of a Clan numbering many, even though we are shunned. 
Several of the girls saw the dogs and ran over before their minder noticed.
  They stopped a few feet away and looked with huge eyes at the giant animals,
  which weighed three times what they did and could look the girls straight in
  the face. 
Ai! Ai! Away from the Ladies. The minder finally noticed the diversion. 
The girls wore training bits to shape their jaws, and had the unnaturally
  thick legs of bred ponies. In ten years or so they'd be full grown and pulling
  carriages. 
The group of girls giggled and a few tentatively held out their hands. One
  of the dogs lowered his big head to their wiggling fingers, then dropped his
  nose lower to sniff between their legs. His tongue darted out once. The girls
  thought this was hilarious but their laughter turned to yelps as the minder
  waded in with the switch. 
My apologies, M'Ladies. The minder bowed and then herded the children across
  the lawn away from the two women. Red stripes spotted their naked flesh here
  and there, marking the slow and unwary. 
The dog that had moved forward to sniff the girls looked up to see his Mistress
  scowling at him, and hung his head in shame. 
Niku, you know better, she murmured, flicking his head with a fingertip. It
  must've been those cute little bits, she said to Lady Koho as they continued
  on. I've been letting them entertain my ponies on trips, and they forget themselves
  sometimes. 
Have you brought others? 
No, just these two, and two ponies. Time was a factor, and traveling light
  was more important than my getting bored. I see you felt the same. Two ponies,
  was it, and the boy? She peered sideways at her sister. 
Yes. 
An accomplished stablehand, or so I've heard. He must be, to have accompanied
  you all the way from your lands. 
Lady Koho just grunted. They walked in silence for another minute, neither
  looking at the other. 
You need to find out if he's the One, Lady Roba said finally, in a low voice. Soon.
  You are far from home, and your story will have already reached many unfriendly
  ears. 
Lady Koho didn't speak for a dozen slow steps. I know, she said ultimately. If
  he is the Prince, and the Proof is shown here, he will be discovered. But if
  I wait until I return to my lands, that is many days journey, and much can
  happen meantimes. 
Could the Berserker have been after him? 
No. 
If you travel with the boy now, with no protection, after you have told your
  story, the next Berserker-Shrike will not be after you . And I do
  not think you will be so lucky next time. 
You word is true. But the way is hard to see. I must think on it tonight. 
Will he be sleeping in the stables? 
No, with me in my room. I'm not that foolhardy. He is desert-raised, and
  is unfamiliar with many things we find common. A mistake is all too likely. 
And he has the mark? I hope he has remained clothed. 
That is my biggest worry. 
Would you like the use of one of my pets tonight? As a guard, I mean. 
Lady Koho smiled. Within these walls I will be safe for a time. Do not worry.
  It is when I leave that the danger begins. 
They had completed their circle and were back at the main house's rear entrance.
  There they parted ways, with the Lady Roba ascending to her quarters with her
  pets while the Lady Koho wandered the halls for a bit before heading to her
  rooms. 
After sitting quietly on a footstool for a time, brow furrowed in thought,
  she sent her handmaiden out, bidding her return with Daka and then to return
  with one of Lady Lena's famed assaya. 
She returned with Daka, and when Lady Koho saw his condition she told the
  handmaiden to draw a bath and forget about the assaya for now. After a day
  working in the stables, Daka was as grimy and sweatsmeared as any pony she'd
  ever seen. The handmaiden was prepared to scrub and rinse him, but Lady Koho
  sent her away and bade Daka do it himself. 
The tub was round and as wide as a man was tall. The handmaiden filled it
  with water almost too hot to touch, laid a small brush and bar of soap on the
  edge, and departed with a bow. Daka stripped and carefully eased himself into
  the scalding water. As he sat on the bottom of the black tub the water reached
  to his throat. He dunked his head under and began scrubbing his grimy flesh
  with soap and brush. His mistress sat just a few feet away, staring at him
  with a strange expression on her face. 
This whole house is strange , he thought. At first he'd thought the
  nude and nearly so figures dotting the hallways, aglow in flickering candle
  light, were just the work of some odd sculptor. But then he'd seen the flat
  stomach of one of the statues bent double moving, and realized they were real
  people, standing unnaturally still, most with candles, or candleholders, deeply
  rooted in one or more body cavities. 
It was definitely the most magnificent place he'd ever seen. Not that he'd
  been to much else than Jo-Town, but even the people were different. Cleaner,
  fresher than the types he saw in the Wash, in clothes so fine he could hardly
  imagine how much they'd cost. The main house alone held practically as many
  people as Jo-Town, if he counted the statue people. 
The fluffy cloth he had to dry off with was of a better make and material
  than his robe, which had disappeared. When he'd stepped out of the tub and
  finished toweling off, his Mistress found a burgundy robe made of silk and
  bid him put it on. It felt strange against his skin, cool and smooth. 
She followed him out of the bath room and waved at the waiting handmaiden,
  who departed. Lady Koho reclined on a low futon and kept staring at him. It
  made him feel nervous. 
M'Lady? he asked, not sure what was required of him. The opulent surroundings,
  the silk robe, the throbbing ache between his legs from the new ring, all served
  to keep him on edge. He felt out of sorts, and was tired from working all day
  in the stables. He'd never had to deal with so many ponies at once, all needing
  to be fed, or watered, or hooked to the weight cart and run around the yard.
  His wrist and forearm ached mightily from massaging four or five of the ponies'
  sweet spots. He'd lost count, and had been only too glad to leave with the
  handmaiden. 
With a quick knock the door slid open and the handmaiden appeared. 
M'Lady, she said, and slid the door open further to reveal she wasn't alone. 
Lady Koho beckoned the assaya in. Leave us, she directed the handmaiden,
  who bowed and slid the door shut. 
Daka turned to watch this new figure. She was several inches shorter than
  he, with ebony waves of glossy hair piled upon her head. Her skin was creamy
  white and without freckle or blemish. She had brilliant blue eyes and her full,
  pouting lips had been painted a shiny, deep crimson. 
She moved slowly into the center of the room, and dropped her robe to the
  floor before bowing reverentially. Under the patterned robe she wore naught
  but a sleeveless green silk dress. It clung alluringly to her body, and was
  cut daringly low in front and slit high up on her hip. 
What are you called? Lady Koho asked. 
Gugina, M'lady. 
Daka tried not to stare at her, but he'd never before seen such a lush body.
  Her full breasts strained against the silk, bulging over it slightly, her large,
  puffy areola clearly visible through the fabric. Her hips were wide and shapely,
  her buttocks full and round. Her hips and thighs, in fact, were nearly as wide
  as a pony's, but where theirs were all blocky muscle she was soft skin and
  gentle curves. She moved like a snake, smooth and sensuous, with just a whisper
  of silk to mark her passing. 
The boy was ringed in place today, Daka's Mistress told the courtesan. I
  want to assure myself it was done correctly, and will hold, and also reward
  him for his work in your Mistress' stables. Use just your hands, and he will
  clean up after himself. Leave his robe on. 
Gugina smiled sexily and dipped her head. M'Lady. She slowly turned and
  regarded Daka with those piercing blue eyes. He was very nervous, and wasn't
  exactly sure what was going to happen, or what he should do. He was glad to
  hear his Mistress wasn't displeased with him, although he still couldn't guess
  why he'd been ringed. 
The assaya sidled up to him, uncomfortably close, and stared in his eyes.
  The tip of her tongue appeared between her full ruby lips as her eyes dropped
  to his body. She moved around him, always close enough that he could hear her
  soft breath, and feel the brush of her breasts against his back or arm. Her
  eyes roamed up and down his body. 
When she'd completed a circuit around him she bent forward. Her lips brushed
  the fuzz on his ear, and her warm breath tickled his cheek. 
Kneel down, she whispered. Her voice was throaty and soft and smelled of
  raspberries. 
Daka swallowed and knelt on the polished wood floor, his robe pooling around
  him. The assaya knelt right beside him, off his right knee, and leaned forward
  again. Her tongue grazed the curves of his ear, and her breath was louder.
  Daka swallowed again, afraid to move, and put his quaking hands on his thighs. 
After trailing around the outside edge of his ear, her tongue slid down his
  neck, joined by her lips. So gently it was like a dream she began licking and
  sucking at his flesh. Daka closed his eyes and tried not to shiver. 
Her hands slid down his chest and undid the belt at his waist. She opened
  the front of his robe, exposing first his stomach, then his groin and thighs. 
Ooooh, she cooed, looking down. His big cock was rock hard, bent in a painful
  arc, its head tethered down deep between his legs. His cock strained hard at
  its bonds, but the new piercing had stopped aching in the heat of the moment. 
Nuzzling and nibbling at his neck, the courtesan ran her hands over his chest.
  Her nails lightly scraped him, and tugged at his nipples, making him jump. 
Her right hand slid down, down, across his flat stomach and smooth mound.
  Her palm felt cool against his throbbing flesh as she gripped his curving shaft
  in her hand. Daka groaned involuntarily, and was immediately embarrassed. He
  focused his eyes to see his Mistress watching him intently, laying on her futon
  scant feet away. That unnerved him, and he looked down to watch Gugina's hand. 
She stroked him slowly, her grip firm, as she nuzzled his neck and licked
  his ear. Her soft breasts were pushed against his shoulder, and she rubbed
  them back and forth as she stroked him. Her nipples were hard under the green
  silk, and big. 
The assaya moved her lips to Daka's ear and began whispering to him. Lady
  Koho couldn't hear what was being said, but Daka immediately reddened and looked
  at the floor. The courtesan kept whispering to him, her pouting lips tickling
  his earlobe, as she ground her breasts against his shoulder. 
Her hand left his shaft and slid downward, out of sight. Her fingertips explored
  the head of his cock and the two rings, one big, one small. 
The whispering continued as her hand came back up. She licked her fingertips,
  which moved back down and began rubbing the head of his throbbing organ. With
  every beat of his heart it bucked against its restraints, but could not break
  free. 
Gugina whispered hoarsely into his ear, now bringing up her left hand. Daka
  watched it come up; apparently she was telling him what she was doing, and
  going to do, to him. 
She licked these fingertips also, making a show of it, until they gleamed
  with saliva. Then the hand moved down behind his back, inside his robe, all
  the while her other hand was rubbing his sensitive cockhead. 
Her slick fingers slid across his muscular buttock and down his crack. She
  pressed their flats against the puckered ring of his anus, and he started a
  little. When she began massaging his sensitive ring of muscle he groaned and
  involuntarily bucked up. She stayed with him, slick fingertips rubbing his
  sensitive flesh front and rear. 
Daka hunched over, his fingers digging into his thighs, and cried out as he
  orgasmed. His cock bucked against the rings with every spurting clench, but
  the pain was inconsequential to the moment. His thick white seed shot from
  the head of his tethered cock with surprising force, splashing against the
  wood floor beneath him. 
The assaya stayed with him as he hunched and shook, milking every last drop
  from him with her twirling fingers. They slowed as his spurts did, and grew
  still as he knelt there panting, sweat on his forehead. She whispered briefly
  into his ear, then backed away from him and stood up. Daka looked around for
  her, in a fog, as she turned to Lady Koho and bowed. 
I see they're satisfactory, Lady Koho said. Expertly done. You may leave
  now. 
The assaya bowed again. M'Lady. She turned and moved to the door, nipples
  still hard against the front of her dress. After stooping to retrieve her robe,
  she silently exited the room. Lady Koho waited until the door closed, then
  looked to Daka. He was still kneeling on the floor, looking dazed. 
Get up, carefully, and go sit over there, she told him, pointing to the
  other futon. He did as she asked, buckling the robe around his lean body. His
  Mistress came off the futon on her hands and knees and cautiously approached
  the small white puddle on the floor. Daka watched her stare at it for several
  long minutes, as if she was waiting for his seed to speak to her. Tentatively,
  she reached out a finger, but quickly pulled it back and stood up. 
Clean that up, she said. You're sleeping there, tonight, Lady Koho informed
  him, nodding at the futon. Please, tell me you do not snore. 
The handmaiden came in at the requested hour to awaken her but Lady Koho was
  already sitting up on her cushion, watching Daka sleep. She roused herself,
  as if from a dream, and finally acknowledged the handmaiden. 
Lady Koho accompanied Daka to the stables, saying she wished to look in on
  her ponies before breakfast. The ponies were awake and glad to see her. Because
  the stable was so busy, to eliminate any potential problems Uma put the ponies
  to bed in their hoofboots and armbinders. She lay them on their stomachs and
  bent their knees back so their boots hovered above their buttocks. Then with
  a short length of cord she secured their ankles to the bottom of the armbinder.
  The ponies slept quite peacefully, and no one had to worry about them during
  the night. 
Lady Koho petted her ponies' heads as they lay in the stall, on a soft bed
  of hay, reassured they were being well cared for. She left Daka with Uma and
  stepped around a grounds crew just heading out. There were four of them, two
  men and two women, bare to the waist in the already growing heat. They wore
  loose loincloths and work shoes and were leading two ponies hooked to a cart.
  The three-sided cart was heavy with gravel, to use in repair of the numerous
  walkways crisscrossing the grounds. The ponies had to strain mightily to get
  the gravel-laden cart moving, but once the wheels started to roll they had
  few problems. 
The circle reformed and the Ladies debated hotly what courses of action, if
  any, they should take. A lot depended on whether the Lost Prince had been found
  or not, but Lady Koho could give no assurances. 
I will know only after I have left here, and returned to him, she told her
  sisters. It is not what I would like, but that is the situation, and we must
  acknowledge it, and work around it. 
The sisters would not be so worried if the Queen had but a few more years
  behind her, Lady Roba said to Lady Koho, as they walked around the garden
  once again. After mid-day meal there had been a call for reflection, and they'd
  gone their separate ways for an hour. The two had met again in the garden,
  not by specific design, but neither was the event unexpected. 
That is true, Lady Koho admitted. And if the Queen had a few more years,
  maybe she would think for herself more and listen to her spinster advisors
  less, and welcome you and your clan with open arms. She knows only what she
  sees in the palace, which these days is rarely more than the simple loving
  of women. Her advisors distract her with the agile tongues of nubile assayan
  while they jockey for position in the court. 
They are but bitter old women who now only lick each other to gain an advantage, Lady
  Roba agreed. 
I was at the court not two months ago, Lady Koho told her sister. The Queen
  is no fool, and no dunce. But she knows not what she misses. She hardly knows
  ponies! And she's never toured the clans, much less an inseminarium. If she
  but stepped out of the palace her eyes would be opened. 
Which is why I fear, Lady Roba lamented. 
They came across the grounds crew the Lady Koho had seen setting out that
  morning. They were taking a break in the shade of a big-leaved decorative maple.
  The ladies had passed many patches of fresh gravel in their walk, and the few
  weeds they'd noticed the day before had been pulled. 
One man and one woman were sitting in the shade, eating fruits and dried meat.
  The other two were a few feet away on the grass. The woman was on her hands
  and knees, her loincloth around her thighs, and was being vigorously thrust
  into by her coworker. Their days toiling in the sun had baked them brown as
  the earth. The pony cart had been pulled nearby also, so the ponies could stand
  in the shade. They watched the rutting couple with interest, shifting their
  thick thighs occasionally. 
The ladies stopped and watched the rutting couple, struck by the image. The
  woman's cheeks were tan, but still paler than the rest of her body. The man
  had her by the hips and was leaning over her, thrusting hard and fast. Her
  face was hidden to them, hung down between her arms. She rested on her elbows,
  her body shaking with his rhythmic thrusts. She had no breasts to speak of
  but still he was making them jiggle. 
As they watched the man finished, grinding hard against the woman. After a
  few seconds of panting he withdrew from her and tugged up his loincloth, then
  sat down and resumed eating. 
The woman, breathing hard, pushed herself upright and pulled up the fabric
  wrapped around her thighs. Then she sat down next to the other three and ate
  some more and rested for the length of their break. 
Sometimes I wish for such a simple life, Lady Koho said, nodding at the
  two lovers who now were just two more workers resting in the shade. 
As do I, Lady Roba agreed. They began walking again. But it is not to be.
  And I would not give up my pets, they are my family. I care for them, as no
  one else would. 
So, they headed back to the main house to continue the discussion. 

CHAPTER 17PRECURSORS AND PREPARATIONS 
Princess Sucette Souillon seemed inordinately proud of her clan's estate,
  and looked to S'Leah for confirmation. S'Leah supposed that it was rather impressive,
  by western Territory standards, but she'd been born and raised on the palace
  grounds. Compared to the palace, Clan Infibula's compound was poorly constructed
  guest quarters. 
The Princess had become quite enamored of S'Leah. She seemed uniquely intrigued
  by her physical abnormality. Women with male organs were not that unusualS'Leah
  was but one of dozens in and around the palacebut apparently she was all but
  one of a kind west of the River. 
Sucette loved to fondle S'Leah's breasts and stroke her sexy feminine body
  while the ex-pony hammered her with her ever-hard organ. The combination was
  psychologically arousing to the Princess, who discovered she wasn't nearly
  as jaded as she'd thought. 
S'leah had taken her nearly half a dozen times during the night and morning,
  always from the front so Sucette could look at and touch her purely feminine
  form. When S'Leah climaxed, the Princess would grab and hug her close, feeling
  her smooth stomach and breasts against her own even as her most masculine of
  features throbbed and pulsed and spurted inside her. Avowing it was something
  she never did, Sucette even tasted S'Leah's emission, but it tasted no different
  than any man's. How she knew what it should taste like without ever having
  the stuff before was a question S'Leah did not ask her. 
Long before one of the drivers knocked on the roof to tell them they were
  drawing close to the Clan's holdings, the Princess was dressed and the picture
  of royalty, aloof and superior. By the time they pulled up to the front gates
  of her estate the aide, released from her compartment, had the pets out and
  waiting. 
Clan Infibula's estate was a large, four-story building and three or four
  other small structures, scattered about like thrown gravel, all inside a low
  circular wall. The gate guards recognized the carriage and swung the wide doors
  open even as they approached. S'Leah said nothing but noticed the poor securitythe
  guards couldn't see inside the coach, and had no idea who it was they'd just
  let in. 
The coach rolled to a stop in the circular courtyard before the main house's
  entrance. The courtyard was paved with stones, and had a flower garden in the
  center. The deepset front doors were flanked by two blondes in burgundy finery
  similar to what the carriage drivers wore. Tailed, longsleeve coats, white
  ruffled blouses, and skintight calf-length trousers with glossy black toeboots.
  White gloves and tight ballgags completed the outfits. 
The two doorwomen hurried to the coach door and unlatched it, bowing deeply.
  The Princess exited first, followed by S'Leah and then the aide leading the
  leashed pets. They seemed in no hurry to enter the house, however, and S'Leah
  took the time to look around. 
Flower gardens bordered the main door and ran along the front of the house.
  This far north water wasn't as scarce, and the garden wasn't such a conspicuous
  luxury. On either side of the entrance, suspended from gleaming chain five
  feet off the ground, were nude women. S'Leah hadn't noticed them at first because
  they blended in with the mottled walls of the house and the flowers were what
  drew the eye. 
Each was suspended from a chain by her wrists, which were bound together with
  wide padded leather cuffs. S'Leah raised her eyes and saw the chains were hooked
  to steel winches that protruded from the house three floors up. The women's
  legs were spread far apart by steel spreader bars cuffed to their ankles. Their
  feet were a yard off the ground. 
A wide metal ring occupied the center of each spreader bar. A gleaming steel
  post rose from the ground and speared up through these rings, up higher between
  each woman's thighs, spearing up until it disappeared between the lips of their
  sexes. The posts were as fat as a man's ankle, and it was obvious the women
  had been lowered onto them, and if it was too big, their flesh either stretched
  or tore to accommodate the steel pole's girth. How deep they were speared by
  the posts S'Leah couldn't tell. How long they'd been there was another question.
  Both were unconscious or asleep, their heads hanging forward. Their bodies
  were shapely, and bore no marks other than the Clan brands. 
Using the mobile platform the drivers offloaded the three trunks, assisted
  by the doorwomen. They left two on the wheeled flatbed, but set one on the
  ground beside the coach. 
S'Leah, come over here. I think you'll find this interesting, the Princess
  said. She nodded at the drivers, who pried the trunk's latches open and cracked
  the lid. 
The trunk was two-by-three-by-four feet in size, laid flat on the ground.
  As the lid came off S'Leah saw that it was lined with rubber and perforated
  by air vents, and inside it was a woman. 
On my trip I was staying with an important businesswoman of the territory.
  While I was there a roving band came down out of the north with captives to
  sell. Apparently they'd ambushed a caravan far to the north, beyond the boundaries
  of the Kingdom, and captured quite a few. Well, this one was cursing and spitting
  and fighting even after two weeks. She smiled. I can't wait to break her. She
  indicated the woman's position in the trunk. When my drivers went to load
  her in the coach she fought, and they discovered how easily she bends. Luckily
  I had a trunkvault with me. 
The woman inside the trunk was slender, with well-defined muscles and thick
  blonde hair chopped short. She was on her back, with her legs pulled behind
  her shoulders. Her ankles were crossed behind her neck, and bound with silk
  rope. Her arms wrapped around her thighs and behind her back, where her wrists
  were bound together. Her torso was thus curved, and her weight rested on her
  forearms and knees. 
A black rubber catheter tube ran from the woman's wide open sex across her
  stomach and into the cylinder gag wedged into her mouth. 
I've found if you make them drink a gallon before you catheter them, a person
  can easily go a week without more water, the Princess told S'Leah. 
How long has she been in there? 
Four days? I don't know, the Princess said unconcernedly. The woman was
  unconscious, her body sweaty and streaked. The trunk gave off a strong, unpleasant
  odor. They'll clean her up, feed and water her, so we can play with her tonight
  at the party. She might be too sore or tired to resist much, but there'll be
  plenty of other diversions. It's to be a wetwall party, she told S'Leah. I've
  got several guests coming from Greenwood and the outlying lands. 
I'm not familiar with the term wetwall' S'Leah admitted. 
Well then, this'll be all the more fun for you. Come, she commanded the
  aide. 
Why are they on display? S'Leah asked, nodding at the two impaled women
  on either side of the doors. 
Oh, the Princess said, in some surprise. I'd forgotten they were there.
  Why did I have them punished? She looked at one of the liveried doorwomen. 
One of the blondes removed her ballgag. You had them cut open and posted
  because they'd spilled a bucket of dirty mopwater in the kitchen, she reminded
  the Princess. They're scullery maids. 
Oh, that's right, the princess nodded, snapping her fingers. It's an ingenious
  device, she told S'Leah with pride. Counterweighted, so they sit on the pointed
  posts with only five pounds of pressure. It doesn't seem like anything at first,
  but after a few hours it gets quite uncomfortable. Why didn't my mother have
  them taken down before she left? she asked the same doorwomen. 
The Lady Rosetta did not know why they were up, and assumed if you'd wanted
  them down you'd have ordered it before you left, M'Lady. 
I forgot I had them posted, the princess admitted. 
How long have they been up? S'Leah inqured. The Princess didn't know. 
Eight days, the doorwoman said. S'Leah thought she detected a hint of anger
  in her voice. 
Well, have them taken off and given some food, the Princess said dismissively. 
The last one died two days ago, M'Lady. 
The Princess looked up at the two bodies in surprise. Well, that's a shame, she
  said after a few seconds. They were quite shapely. All right, well, take the
  bodies down and get the posts cleaned. If they stay up much longer they'll
  discolor the steel. 
Yes M'Lady. The doorwoman wouldn't meet her eyes as she refastened her ballgag. 
S'Leah followed her into the house and up a wide staircase. The aide trailed
  behind, leading the pets on their leashes. 
You'll have your own room, the Princess told her. Relax, take a bath, eat
  a snack. The party starts in four hours. I'll have my aide attend you until
  then. 
You're too kind, S'Leah said. What should I wear? I did not bring many
  clothes. She held up her small case. 
Something that goes off an back on easily, or just stays out of the way when
  the fun begins, the Princess said with a smile. Do not worry. I'll locate
  an appropriate robe for you. I wouldn't want your clothes to get stained. 
With so many elements still up in the air it was hard for the circle sisters
  to make any firm decisions, but by the afternoon of the second day their plans,
  for better or worse, were laid. They once more consulted Sempai Nodo, but she
  was of little help. Too much was still uncertain. 
They prayed and sang to celebrate the circle and the bloodline, then stripped
  and, as etiquette decreed, pleasured each other. The sister were all highly
  skilled in the arts of love, but had no real passion for each other beyond
  their sisterly bonds. Each took turns tasting the others, and all climaxed
  at least once, but after ninety minutes the kanyu, the ceremonial joining,
  was over, and the women dressed and split into smaller groups. 
I wish to visit the Lady Hirondelle's seed farms, Lady Koho said to the
  Lady of the House. Accompanying Sempai Nodo. But the Sempai has but a small
  carriage, as do I. Lady Hirondelle does not have room for us both in her coach,
  and I do not think she wishes to leave as soon as we do. Would it be possible
  to borrow one of your coaches for a fortnight or more? We would be using our
  own ponies. 
Of course, Lady Koho. I'm sure the Sempai would enjoy the company. She lowered
  her voice. And the Prince? 
That is the reason the Sempai will be my companion. Who better to have on
  such a quest for the truth than an expert on the subject. 
Quite right. She paused. Be careful, my sister. All is not as it should
  be. I sense danger. 
As do I. Your warning is well taken. 
The evening meal was laid out with an artist's touch, and just as delicious
  to the palate. Afterwards Lady Koho retired to her room, but only briefly.
  She had many things on her mind, and could not bear to sit still for very long.
  She located the Sempai's room and finalized their travel plan. The historian
  was traveling with an aide in a four-pony carriage. The carriage, however,
  was too small to hold all four of them, and the general rule was to have at
  least twice as many ponies as passengers. 
Lady Lena had a large coach available for them to use, set up for extended
  travel. To it they could harness all six ponies, which would be more than enough
  for the gently rolling hills between Lady Lena's estate and Clan Bukkake's
  territory. 
The Lady Koho took a wrong turn leaving Sempai Nodo's quarters and found herself
  lost in the big complex. Statua stood or hung in niches at every turn, but
  they were forbidden to speak, much less move, and all were gagged besides. 
After a series of confusing twists and turns through narrow hallways she found
  a staircase and took it down to the ground floor, or so she hoped. There she
  found herself at the end of a wide, straight corridor. She began down it just
  as a quartet of assayan novices rounded a corner ahead and walked her way,
  in pairs two deep. She stopped them with a raised hand and looked around. 
I am lost, she admitted to the young women, dressed in the white robes of
  those learning their craft. They were nearly her height but not yet filled
  out, in the first flush of womanhood, which marked them as senior students
  nearly finished with their training. Soon they would be sold or traded to other
  clans or individuals of importance or means. They wouldn't be true slaves;
  rather, they would be indentured and required to work for a period of time,
  usually ten to fifteen years, to pay off their purchase price. 
Where might I find an exit? she asked their young faces. They were all beautiful,
  in the classic sense, with excellent bone structure and perfect skin. All four
  pointed at once down the hall. 
Where am I? she asked the closest novice, not recognizing the surroundings. 
The young novices glanced at each other, then the one Lady Koho had addressed
  reached up and unbuckled the strap of her gag. From the base it appeared to
  be a hollow cylinder gag, but turned out to be a phallus-shaped trainer, flexible
  to follow the curve of her throat. This novice's trainer was unremarkable,
  eight inches long and proportionately thick. All the novices wore them, and
  had from the first day of training, until their throats had actually grown
  around them. Lady Koho kept numerous assayan at her own estate, for visitors
  or her own amusement, and even though they were all seasoned, with years of
  experience, they still slept occasionally with the penis gags in place to keep
  their gag relexes sublimated. It was one of the reasons why Lady Lena's assayan
  were so prized. 
The pretty novice licked her lips, then said, This is the training school,
  M'Lady. It's connected to the back of the main house, you must have come out
  that way. She looked at her attentively, the gag in one hand. It was made
  of soft black rubber, and ventilated so she could breathe with it in place.
  Men, unfortunately, were far less common than women, but a skilled assaya was
  required to master all the lovemaking arts, and a skilled tongue was only part
  of the whole. 
Is the stable that way? 
Yes, M'Lady. 
Where do you go? she asked out of curiosity. 
We go to our evening bath, M'Lady. Our studies are done for the day. 
Continue on, Lady Koho told them. She watched with glittering eyes as the
  senior novice opened wide and slid the phallus smoothly in, all eight, maybe
  nine inches of it, without a gag or even raising her chin. The four young ladies
  then nodded at her and continued down the hallway. 
Lady Koho went the opposite direction, gradually noticing she was passing
  closed doors to either side. It dawned on her that these were the classrooms
  where assayan were trained. Curiosity filled her, and she stopped beside one
  of the doors and listened. And heard nothing. She gently slid the door open
  and found the bare room empty. Empty of everything, save thin cushioned mats
  on the floor. 
She closed that door and put her ear to the next. Again nothing, and the room
  was empty when she opened the door. 
At the third door she was almost surprised when the room turned out to be
  occupied. The instructor was leading her class of sevenalways seven, three
  pairs and another on which the instructor could demonstratein stretching exercises.
  The young girls sat in sidesaddle splits, their robes off and folded on the
  floor beside them, while the teacher, barely an adult herself, led them in
  breathing exercises. Lady Koho closed the door before she was noticed, and
  continued down the hall. A far door opened and a class of seven exited, giggling.
  Their young cheeks were red and they were short of breath as they hurried down
  the hall past her, bowing jerkily. The classroom door was still open as she
  passed and Lady Koho saw the instructor picking up small mirrors off the floor.
  Behind her, on the wall, was a large photograph of the female sex, with each
  part labeled and identified with an arrow. The sex gaped open slightly, dark
  red, glistening, and engorged, and had very prominent features; it looked wellif
  not recentlyused. If Lady Koho had to wager she imagined it belonged to an
  experienced assayan. 
M'Lady, the instructor greeted her, the mirrors stacked in her arm. 
Self exploration? she asked, nodding at the mirrors. 
Until a woman knows how to touch herself, she is useless to others, the
  instructor said as if by rote. It is one of the first things we teach the
  novices, and they practice and refine their skills on themselves for their
  whole career if they are to remain skilled. 
I agree. 
If you are looking for something to watch, the instructor told her, an
  intermediate class is next door, and running late, as usual. 
As am I, Lady Koho said, demurring. But as she exited the classroom, something
  caused her to stop, and turn. She slid open the next door quietly and watched,
  transfixed. 
The instructor, a lean but well-muscled woman in her thirties, stood at the
  front of the room and faced the class. She was nude, as were the students,
  their robes folded and in a line along the wall. They appeared barely full-grown,
  and not yet as full of body as they would become. Beside the instructor, on
  a waist-high table, lay the seventh student. She was on her back, and held
  her knees back and apart with her hands. Every so often during the instructor's
  lecture she would gasp or buck or twitch, and Lady Koho saw her stomach was
  beaded in sweat. Her head was propped high up on her robe so she could see
  between her legs, as much as was possible. 
There is no hurry. There is no later. There is only the now, the instructor
  told the class. Her entire hand was inside the demonstrator student up to the
  wrist. When you use your whole hand, every tremor in you skin is an earthquake
  to her. Every twist of your wrist is the sun exploding. Go slow. Be gentle,
  until it is time to not be gentle. 
The six students were paired off and in a semicircle on the floor. Three were
  on their backs in identical positions to their classmate on the table, while
  their partners knelt between their open thighs. They all had small, slender
  hands, but still it had taken the last student fully an hour to fully introduce
  her hand into her partner. Finally, the instructor could move on to technique. 
As she demonstrated slowly opening and closing her hand, the instructor gave
  a faint nod to Lady Koho, but never stopped her lecture. The students followed
  along on their partners as she showed them how to stroke the sweet spot with
  knuckles and fingertips, how to cup the womb in their fingers and massage it,
  how to stroke the clitoris with the off-hand and other, more subtle skills.
  While fisting played but a small part in the enclopedic pleasure skills the
  novices would learn in their ten years of training, this basic introduction
  to the technique would take thirty hours, spread out over several weeks, not
  including the hours the novices spent each day practicing on each other. 
The student on the table had stopped trying to pay attention and was now just
  gasping and drooling and shaking. The three students on the floor were nearly
  in the same shape, and the room echoed with their cries. As the smell of sex
  filled Lady Koho's nostrils she was reminded just how long it had been since
  she'd been with another person. She slid the door closed, shutting off the
  shuddering cries and wet gasps, and leaned her head against the frame. Last
  night, watching the assaya and Daka, she'd been so close to joining them .
  . . but no, she couldn't risk it, and knew that for her safety and his she
  would have to keep her legendary libido under control. 
At first her legs were shaky as she started down the hall, but by the time
  the entrance and its guard came into view she was in control once more and
  calm, at least outwardly. The wetness between her legs would remain to remind
  her of things for some time. 
The stables, at first, appeared empty. When she walked through the open door
  into the cool interior no one was in sight, not a pony or a stablehand. But
  then she heard the clamor from further inside the building, and made her way
  in that direction. 
The pregnant pony she'd seen the day before was in labor, and a small crowd
  had gathered. Uma was there, overseeing the event, while Daka and a wetnurse
  looked on. The wetnurse was bare to the waist in anticipation, and her big
  teats had spontaneously begun to leak in response to the pony's labor. 
The pony reclined on an angled, padded bench. She wore her armbinders and
  lay on her folded limbs, and huffed and puffed around her bit, which looked
  well-chewed. She still wore her hoofboots, and had obviously been doing some
  chore when her contractions grew too intense to ignore. Some ponies were so
  inured to physical discomfort that they continued with what they were doing
  until the baby began to crown. 
The pony's bottom hung just over the edge of the bench, and a midwife sat
  on a stool there, waiting. The pony's knees were drawn all the way back and
  far apart, and tied to hooks on either side of the bench with leather straps.
  In this position her distended stomach appeared even larger than it was. Her
  sex was dramatically stretched from the labor, and gaped wide, a dark red glistening
  oval. 
Another contraction hit and the pony grunted and bore down. Her sex grew larger
  and a rounded, pinkish red shape appeared, then withdrew again after a few
  seconds. It looked like the baby was crowning, and she'd arrived just in time
  for the birth. 
Ponies' pain thresholds were so high Lady Koho knew this one, provided there
  were no complications, would be back on her feet and working in a day or two.
  The baby would be taken in by the clan and raised by the wetnurses. The fact
  that the pony was giving birth in a stable, attended only by a midwife, was
  sure sign the baby was a girl. Male children were much more rare and precious,
  and such births were treated with more care. The girl, when it was old enough,
  would be placed into pony training. 
The pony's small breasts were taut and swollen with milk. Her nipples were
  big and dark. She would be uncomfortable for a week or two until her milk dried
  up, about the same amount of time it would take her stomach to return to its
  former shape. 
M'lady, Uma greeted her. Daka jumped in surprise at seeing her, then bowed
  and mumbled a greeting. Lady Koho supposed it was the first birth he'd ever
  witnessed, growing up in the middle of the Wash, with ponies only passing through,
  never staying. 
Your stables are remarkably empty, she observed. 
Ranyo has them all out in the exercise yard, Uma explained, and nodded at
  the sweaty, laboring pony. She was making them skittish. 
Lady Koho indicated Daka. Shouldn't he be out there helping? 
If you wish, M'Lady, but he said he'd never seen a birth so I let him stay. 
No, that's fine. He needs to be educated, she said. How is it you happen
  to have a pregnant pony? she inquired with great curiosity. Not only were
  ponies, as a rule, barren from the demands of their duties, but any men on
  the premises with fruitful seed were supposed to be sent to the Inseminariums,
  by order of the Queen. 
That is a good question, Uma admitted. She is the second pony with child
  we've had in the past three years, and two statua have born fruit as well,
  and most of them are hardly old enough to have eggs. That is why the Sempai
  is here, in part, to take samples from all the males. They were all tested
  before, and declared barren, but appearently something has changed. She is
  an expert on seed, and I hope will be able to tell us who the seed bearer is
  among us. 
Lady Koho nodded and looked around idly. The pony was groaning loudly as she
  pushed for perhaps the last time, and Lady Koho was finding it hard to think.
  She stepped over to the next row of stalls and looked out the rear doors into
  the big exercise yard. There she counted twenty-nine ponies, of all colors
  and sizes, tied to the top rail of the fence by their collars. The dumb-looking
  blonde stablehand, Ranyo, was aggressively thrusting into a pony from behind.
  It appeared he was entertaining himself by taking the mounts one at a time
  as they stood in a row along the fence. 
Stablemistress? she called out. Uma quickly was at her side. 
Yes M'Lady? She followed Lady Koho's gaze, and frowned. 
He may be used to having his way with your Mistress' mounts, Lady Koho said, but
  if he tries to force himself on my mares they'll kick him to death. You are
  remiss in your duties if you have not told him the dangers of strange mounts. 
Oh, I've told him all right, she growled through clenched teeth, and started
  his way. Apparently it's going to take more than that. 
I hope Sempai Nodo took a sample from him, Lady Koho called after her. I'd
  gamble he's the one planting the seeds around here. 








                   CHAPTER EIGHTEENAWAKENING




 
  Jim Tarr
  Normal
   jim
  2
  195
  2006-05-02T21:53:00Z
  2006-05-02T21:53:00Z
  1
  3195
  18215
  151
  42
  21368
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

 CHAPTER EIGHTEENAWAKENING

&nbsp;

Daka was a wreck.

Ever since that
first moment when the assayan whispered in his ear and touched him, his brain had been tumbling. He couldnt think clearly, and could barely
talk. He had trouble just watering the
mounts.

It wasnt because
the woman had touched him there.
Hed been touched there before, most recently by Nina prior to his
ringing. It was why she was
touching him. What shed said, in his
ear . . . he shivered again just thinking about it.

Daka wasnt that
sheltered. Hed seen couples having sex
numerous times, travelers doing what they could to liven up their trip through
the Wash. Men with women, most often
women with women, twice men with men.
But it had never meant anything to him, being no more interesting than
watching ponies run in circles. Frisky
mounts had tried to entice him, and thered been that incident with the
wetnurses, but hed just never had any interest. Until now.

Whether it was the
secret, twisted things the assayan had whispered in his ear, or her touch on
his flesh, he didnt know. But ever
since shed left the room all Daka could think about was mounting a woman.

All night visions
of the assayan danced through his brain.
Her words echoed in his head and he imagined her nude, beckoning to him,
offering her ripe backside to his organ.
His organ, meanwhile, throbbed and pulsed all night against the rings,
refusing to subside. He wanted to touch
himself, but his Mistress was just across the room, sleeping. He was afraid of what she might do if she
found him touching himselfhe had a suspicion that was why shed had him
ringed.

After a while, he
became so enraged with lust he began fantasizing about his Mistress and what
was under her robes. But that didnt
last too longshe was his owner, and as such had the power of life and death
over him. It was hard to fantasize about
mounting such a woman.

He finally got a
few fitful hours of sleep, awaking not rested at all. Daka hoped that the long hours of work ahead
of him in the stables would keep his mind off of sex. However, to his horror, he found himself
staring at the ponies. Their shapely
thighs and muscular buttocks filled his thoughts. No longer were they just draught animals,
pieces of farm equipment as they had been to him his whole life. No, as he fed and watered the ponies this
morn he stroked their flanks, and thighs, and fantasized about them in a way
that was no different than how hed fantasized about the assayan or his
Mistress. It was as if a blindfold had
been pulled from his eyes, and it was all he could do to control himself as he
maneuvered the nearly two dozen ponies into position to eat and drink. He didnt see them as animals anymore, as
different from his Mistress as the moon was from a rock on the road, he saw them, for the first time, as females. Beautiful, athletic females, trained to
serve, wearing nothing but their tight leathyrs. How many times had he pushed away frisky
ponies trying to grind their centers against him? Hundreds, thats how many,
perhaps thousands. After short
runs getting mounted was just about all that ponies wanted, and yet hed never
been interested.

Until today, when
he was physically unable because his Mistress had ringed his cock down.

Daka throbbed all
day, through every chore, unable to tear his eyes away from the flesh of
whatever pony he was closest to. When
Uma, sometime after midday, informed
him the Ladies would be leaving tomorrow and therefore the ponies wouldnt need
their sweet spots massaged, he nearly cried.
Only the big bellied pony going into labor was distraction enough. He was at once fascinated and repulsed by the
miracle of birth, although the repulsion didnt happen until the midwife broke
the bag of waters and the pony began to bleed a little. But still he couldnt tear himself away, not
until the amazingly tiny baby squirted right out of her and began crying in the
midwifes arms. He wouldnt have
believed it possible if he hadnt just seen it himself.

The midwife
cleaned the baby and then wrapped it in a blanket and handed it to the
wetnurse, whose massive sagging teats were already streaming milk. The infant girl immediately clamped her mouth
on one of the big dark nipples, and Daka stared until the wetnurse walked out
of sight, heading toward the nursery.

Its a nice
healthy girl, the midwife told the pony.
You should be proud. She
examined her for any unseen tears and wiped her clean, then studied the
disgusting mass that had followed the baby out.
Daka was informed it was the placenta, but the word meant nothing to
him.

Come, Lady Koho
called to him for the third time, and finally he heard her. They passed Uma whipping Ranyos bare cheeks
with a wide belt. Daka didnt know what
his crime had been, but Uma was working him over with a vengeance. Ranyo, for his part, was crying with each
blow. Daka was embarrassed for him.

He followed his
Mistress up to the room and ate some food shed had brought for him. She sat and watched him eat, which made him
nervous, but he said nothing and kept his eyes downcast. While she ate she informed him theyd be
leaving in the morning, heading north.
She didnt say where they were going, and while she did say they
wouldnt be traveling alone she didnt tell him who their companions would be. Orr had been the same way, and Daka had long
ago learned to curb his curiosity.
Asking questions usually only led to a rebuke.

Lady Koho told him
to take another bath, as there would be no time in the morning, and dismissed
the hovering handmaiden for the night.
Daka held out hope the assayan would come again, and kept glancing
toward the door, but it was not to be.

After an
uncomfortable bath, with his Mistress sitting beside the tub, staring at him
oddly, she bade him dress in a provided robe and go to sleep on the futon as
they would have an early start.

Lady Koho, for her
part, laid on her own futon and closed her eyes, but sleep was not easy in
coming. The vision of Dakas curved
organ, dripping with bathwater, came unbidden into her mind, and would not
leave. Even as she felt her body
responding she tried to think of other things, crop failures, droughts,
stillborn babies.

Mistress?

She jerked and
opened her eyes. Daka was standing over
her, a frown on his face. Shed been on
the edge of sleep, finally, when he spoke.

Yes? she said
crossly.

We shouldnt
sleep here, he told her.

What?

We shouldnt
sleep here, its not safe.

What are you
talking about? What isnt safe?

I dont
know. All I know is were in danger in
this room.

Lady Koho sat up,
blinking, and looked around the room.
All was as it was before. Through
the slatted blinds covering the window she could see it was dark, but the hour
was not yet late. Daka peered at her
with a concerned, yet confused look on his face. He didnt know why he felt the way he did,
but he was sure down to his bones that they were in danger if they stayed in
the room.

Lady Koho stood
and walked over to the window. They were
three floors up, and in as safe a spot as could be found on the premises. They were almost directly over the main
entrance to the house, which was guarded day and night. Not that the exterior of the structure could
be climbed anyway; the master who had built the house had left its face smooth
and seamless. 

She shut the blinds
and turned to her worried charge. Why
do you say this?

I dont know,
Mistress, he admitted. But I know in
my heart it is true.

Had
he been but a simple piece of property, and this his first warning, she would
have ignored it. But he might be the One, and she could not forget his
warning on the road in. Without it, the
Berserker-Shrike would have killed at least one of them, probably both, as well
as destroyed the carriage.

The decision was
not a difficult one to make.

Be silent, she
commanded him, and moved past him to the door.
She opened it silently, and peered into the corridor. For the moment it was empty, save for a statua across the hall, bent double and bound
wrists to ankles. Her eyes were closed,
and she appeared asleep, although most statua remained in a kind of trance even
when awake. Her fat candle had burned
down almost to the black iron base anchored in her rectum, which someone would
be by soon to change it. Now was the
time.

Lady Koho motioned
Daka forward and closed the door when he was beside her in the hallway. She put a finger to her lips and gestured for
him to follow her. Very quickly she
moved down the corridor, taking care to be absolutely silent. At the corner she peered around, then was off again.
Daka had to hurry to keep up.

Near the end of
the hall his Mistress stopped and quietly knocked on a door. As they waited, Daka heard no sound, uyet the
hair on the back of his neck stood up.

Yes? a woman
said guardedly.

Its Koho-Sen,
his Mistress murmured to the crack.

There was a pause,
then the door slid open. Daka saw a plain-faced Lady in brown robes,
looking at them curiously. She was
flanked by two of the largest dogs hed ever seen, both black as midnight.
They stared at him.

My room is not
safe tonight, Lady Koho said. I cannot
explain.

Lady Roba raised
her eyebrows, then looked at Daka. A thoughtful look appeared.

You do not need
to. Please, come inside, quickly. She closed and locked the door behind them,
and the two dogs relaxed.

However, Lady
Roba murmured softly to Koho-Sen, we have a bit of a conundrum. Past her the Lady Koho saw they werent
alone. Lady Robas handmaiden stood
against the wall, out of the way, and an assayan novice, half out of her white
robes, reclined on a futon. Both stared
at the company with interest.

If either leaves
tonight, your location could become known.

Then you must
keep them until the morning, Lady Koho said.
She nodded at the novice, who was about Dakas age. She was slender as a reed, pale and
delicate. Her face was beautiful, and it
was obvious she knew not the meaning of guile, or deceit.

Yes, well. Lady Roba moved toward the novice, who looked
up at her expectantly.

The Lady Lenas instructors tell me that of all their students, past and
present, Genoise here is unique. Not
only, so they say, does she have apparently limitless enthusiasm and a
boundless appetite, but as far as they can tell she has no natural
inhibitions.

Isnt that to be
expected in assayan? Lady Koho asked, moving to a chair. She directed Daka to the corner, where he sat
down.

A trained assayan
would never betray any inhibitions, Lady Roba admitted, cupping the
novices chin in her palm and smiling down at her. But a person without any inhibitions is a
rare thing. I am known throughout the
kingdom for my eccentricities, and am thought to have no shame or inhibitions,
but I assure you I have my limits, as Im sure you do, Koho-Sen. Hard to find, perhaps, or trigger, but they
are there. The finest assayan instructors
in the kingdom do not seem to be able to find such boundaries with this young
thing, she said, looking down at the novice.

I was looking for
someone to help in my house, Lady Roba continued. She motioned for Genoise to stand up. The robe fell around her feet, and she
stepped out of it. Her small breasts
were high and round, her nude body narrow and nearly as white as milk. She had no gag, and her mouth now opened slightly. She was breathing harder, perhaps with
excitement. She looked from Lady Roba to
Lady Koho to Daka, and back.

Genoise was
recommended, as I said I would prefer an assayan not ingrained to a certain
clan lifestyle. She motioned the girl
back down onto the futon. So that the lifestyle of my clan was not such a shock to her. I was thinking of a fully trained assaya,
however, not a novice, although she has nearly completed her training. Genoise leaned back on the futon in a
practiced pose, displaying all of her charms.
My clan is far from Lady Lenas, in more ways than just miles.

Lady Roba sat
reclined in a large chair, her dogs sitting to either side. She rested her hands on their backs, and
smiled at Genoise. Are you wet? she
asked her.

Yes, MLady, I am
curious and excited to be here, but I am ever wet. She stroked the outside of her hip. She lay on one side, her knee drawn up.

And do you really
have no inhibitions, as your instructors say?

Genoise tilted her
head. I know Ive always been eager to
try everything theyve taught us, and have never found anything I didnt
enjoy.

Never?

No MLady.

Good. Lady Roba lifted her hands off her pets and
the dogs rose and moved toward Genoise.
Her mouth opened in surprise, and she looked from Lady Roba to Lady Koho
to see if this was some sort of trick.

The dogs stopped
beside the futon, and one lowered his head to sniff the small slit between
Genoises thighs. Apparently he liked
what he smelled, for he began licking her folds, with a tongue as wide as her
palm.

The novice started
at the first lick, then began giggling. She watched with interest as both the dogs
organs began to grow beneath their bellies.
They were bright red and massive, with a bulging knot at the base.

I had heard
stories, but Lady Lena has no dogs, Genoise nearly whispered. Oh, youre magnificent, you two, she
breathed in wonder. Her hand reached
down to the pet the head still furiously working between her legs. Come here, sit down, she said to the other
animal, patting the edge of the futon near her head. The second dog hopped onto the futon where
there was just enough room for it and obediently lowered its hindquarters to
the cushion. Genoises head disappeared
from view as she buried it between the dogs legs, and her own thighs widened
further. Watching from the chair, Lady
Roba nodded, and began to undo her robe.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

SLeah stepped out
of the deep tub and finished drying off.
She was alone in her quarters, having dismissed the handmaiden and
locked the door. The Princess aide
would be returning soon, as soon as she returned the pets to their places,
wherever that was, so her time was limited.
She removed the gray rectangle from her case and sat crosslegged on the
polished wood floor. The wood was cool
after the hot bath, and felt good on her male partsher capacity was greater
than most, if not all, and yet the Princess was doing her best to test her
limits. It sounded as if the party
tonight would see her entering quite a few more holes.

SLeah took a deep
breath, calmed herself, then touched the gray
rectangle. There was nothing for a long
while, then the swirling colors finally appeared and
coalesced into the face of her benefactor.
She looked tired and worn, her purple robes, for once, not immaculate
and wrinkle free.

Yes my child, Im
glad to see your face. Im hoping you
call with good news.

My Lady, are you
well? You seem . . . tired.

I have worries I
did not have before, but that is not your concern. Do not let my worries distract you. Now tell mewhat has happened since last we
spoke? Have you been successful?

Yes. I am where you hoped I could get, and am in
some favor.

Then this person
has found you interesting? she said with a small curling smile.

Sufficiently. What am I to do now?

How much time
might you have there?

At
least until the day after tomorrow, without becoming a nuisance.

Really? That is good.
Here is what you must do. Kill
her. If possible, blame it on another,
or conceal the deed and delay the outcry, but that is what you must do.

Are you sure,
Mlady? It was by no means the first
time shed been asked to kill, but never had the target been of the bloodline,
much less a Princess and fourteenth from the throne. 

If you cannot do
it, tell me now. This is important, but
if you feel you cant succeed, and escape, I need to know now.

I can do it. But it may take several days before I have an
opportunity.

My faith has
never wavered. Stay true.

I am yours, My
Lady.

SLeah was putting
on the red silk robe when the aide returned and knocked on the door. The Princess had told her the robe was all
that would be required for the party, and so that was all she wore, although
she kept her toe boots on.

For some reason
the knock on her door enraged her.
SLeah stomped across the room and threw back the bolt. Why she was furious she didnt know, but the
blood was in her eyes as she flung wide the door.

The Princess aide
stood in the hallway. The pets were back
in their places, and now, primped and ready for the party, the aide had come
for SLeah.

SLeah stared at
the aides pretty, painted face, and her bright red lips wrapped around a
matching rubber ballgag. The aide was
totally nude but for high-heeled shoes, and displayed a slender, pale body. SLeahs eyes trailed over the small, bare
breasts and their dusty pink nipples, down the aides stomach, and

For a few seconds
SLeahs eyes didnt comprehend what they were seeing. At first she thought the aide sported
horribly distended and sagging labia, hanging straight down from her smooth
mound. Then she realized the aide wasnt
a woman. She wasnt even a man. The aide was a stuffed gelding, sporting a
tiny penis which was inserted, through a slit, into his empty scrotum. Only the very base of his penis was visible,
the rest was inside the flesh bag that had once held his stones.

With a strangled
cry SLeah grabbed him by the neck and threw him across the room. The aide landed on hands and knees, and
before hed recovered, SLeah, shed of her robe, was on him. The fury now had a focus, and SLeah hated
being deceived, even though no one had told her the aide was a woman. Shed just assumed, because of the breasts
and the soft, shapely buttocks. Which she now grasped fiercely with her fingers and spread. SLeahs cock was a bar of iron she stabbed
deep into the aide, who squealed with the first thrust. However, after just a few seconds, the aide
was already pushing himself back onto her shaft eagerly, even though she was
being rougher with him than shed been with anyone in years.

SLeah jerked out
of him in disgust and punched him in the side.
The aide grunted and rolled onto his back. SLeah deftly turned around and straddled his
hips, facing his feet. Before her his
small cock was hard inside his sack, stretching it out like a fleshy sock. She took hold of the bottom of his bag and
roughly pulled his shaft out into the open air.
Bending it back under her, out of the way, she dug both her thumbs into
the slit in his bag and opened it up.
The aide squealed again but knew better than to struggle.

SLeah shoved her
hard cock into his welcoming sheath, finding it slick and cooler than his
backside had been. His stretchy flesh
bag covered her glans and half her shaft, which was much larger than his boyish
organ.

SLeah leaned
forward and took his ankles in both her hands in an iron grip. She kept his legs together and flat on the
floor as she began to pump against him, harder and harder, fast and rough. The aide squealed and put his hands on her
ass, signaling her that she was being too rough, but SLeah ignored the
signals. She painfully stretched his
scrotum with each thrust.

SLeah was out of
her mind with fury and lust, thrusting against him like a dog in heat,
mindlessly. She did not notice that
after a few minutes the aide stopped protesting. It was not too much later, when she was
getting close, that he slid two fingers into her bulging anus.

With a roaring cry
SLeah came, bucking and spurting into him, even as she felt him put a thumb
inside her tight vagina. Shrieking and
sweating, she hunched and slithered atop him, filling his bag with seed, her
vaginal walls pulsing around his thumb.
The aide arched up behind her in ecstasy, free hand furiously squeezing
his own puffy nipples.

As her passionate
rage finally subsided SLeah lay along the aides legs, panting. After a minute she collected herself and sat
up. He gently pulled his fingers from
her anus, but the thumb stayed in place.
Even when she leaned back to make his finger pop out, still it stayed in
her. It was only when she reached down
between her legs under her scrotum to dislodge his digit that she discovered it
was his penis, and had slipped into her during her frantic bucking.

SLeah gently
removed herself from the aide. His bag
had turned out to be quite elastic, and had engulfed her entire shaft before
she was through. His small organ
glistened with her juicesand his, she realized. Hed climaxed as well. She couldnt remember the last time a man had
climaxed inside her vaginaperhaps not since shed been a pony, although she wasnt
sure if this one counted as a man. His
cock was still ramrod stiff, and stood just under four
inches tall.

SLeah felt the
wetness between her legs and as the aide lay there,
arms above his head, breasts glossy with sweat, SLeah, after years of eating
seed in her search for the One, reached between her legs and stuck a finger
into herself. She licked her finger and
stood there, conflicted. As if she
hadnt degraded herself enough with this one, not even a real man. As she swallowed the salty fluid she put her
hands on her hips and looked down at her sweaty body, and at his. And shed just gotten out of the
bathtub. What the hell was she thinking?



 














                              CHAPTER NINETEENREVELATIONS 


 
  Jim Tarr
  Normal
   jim
  2
  187
  2006-05-02T21:53:00Z
  2006-05-02T21:53:00Z
  1
  3132
  17855
  148
  41
  20946
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

 CHAPTER
NINETEENREVELATIONS 

&nbsp;

I thought perhaps
youd decided not to come, the Princess said with a smile.

She stood before
the arching doorway leading into the gathering room where the party was just
beginning. A dozen people were visible
inside the room, mostly crowded around the buffet table. Most seemed to be middleaged women, influential people or faint offshoots of
the bloodline. They all wore
robes, brightly colored, and were in a festive mood.

I was . . . delayed,
SLeah told her.
The aide stood at her elbow, in nothing but his high heels and gag,
cocked stuffed back into his bag, which was still somewhat stretched out. SLeah turned to
glance at the aide.

Seeing your aide
was a surprise, she told the Princess.
Totally unexpected, Im sure youd agree, seeing as Id already had
her. Him. SLeah shook her
head.

I bought Kyuri when he was just a little boy, the Princess said
with a smile. Some barbarians had him,
I know not where they found him, but I was able to get him for a very low
price. He was very disagreeable at
first, rambunctious, mouthy. She smiled
at the aide. I was studying near the
palace then, barely a woman myself, and went to those I thought could
help. The gene-weavers made for me
elixirs which were to soothe him, and I combined them with what physical
reinforcement and behavior training I thought was appropriate. The result that you see was not what I
intended. There was no problem with my
methods. The problem was with the elixirs. By the time Kyuri
was old enough to grow hair on his parts he was growing breasts, and acted more
like a woman than some that are. He
never did grow hair. Although it wasnt
what I intended, it pleases me to see him so, and so I had his stones removed
to make sure he wouldnt change. Most
who have spent time in him, as you, never know his true self, and that to me is
delicious.

Delicious, SLeah repeated.

As for him, he is
never happier than when he is being mounted or beaten, so we are all happy. That bag of his is truly remarkable. You would be amazed how much it will stretch
if you fill it with weights. Can you
believe I once fit both my fists inside it?
It took quite a bit of work, though, and wasnt nearly so attractive as it is when it is so tiny. But come, come inside, most have arrived, and
I wish to show you around.

I still do not
know what a wetwall is, Sleah
said.

I will show you.

The Princess led SLeah in and introduced her to most of the crowd. She automatically indexed their names and
faces, even though most of them were unimportant business owners of the
territory. Most had the thickness of
middle years, the women big busted, the few men with bulging stomachs.

Kyuri wasnt the only nude toy in the room. The guests were attended by half a dozen
pretty young women, blondes and redheads, dressed in nothing but black leathyr pumps with heels so tall they looked like
stilts. All were clan property, and had
been sewn up since infancy. Their outer
labia had been drawn together and sewn tight, enclosing their clitorises and
sealing off all of their channel but for a tiny opening barely big enough for a
finger. The seam on some wasnt even
visible. SLeah
had heard the women of this clan masturbated by slapping their smooth mounds,
and thus stimulating their flesh-bound clitorises underneath, but had yet to
witness it herself. All women of Clan Infibula were presumed to be anal devotees.

Scattered about
the room were fifteen or so freestanding wall sections, about four feet wide,
reaching from floor to ceiling. SLeah stared at them, realizing the party was named after
them.

The Princess led
her over to the nearest wetwall and let her look it
over. In the center of it, waist high,
was a woman.

It looked as if
the wall had been built up around her.
She lay on her back, her center of gravity balanced above the
six-inch-thick wall. Her legs were
pulled all the way back, so that her knees were on either side of her chest,
and her lower legs pointed straight upwards.
So it was that on one side of the wall all SLeah
could see was the womans bottom half: her bottom, arching upward slightly, and the
tops of her thighs bent forcibly back, making her sex bulge out
aggressively. The wall began just above
her navel. On the other side the womans
upper body was sunk in the wall up to her breasts. Her arms were spread out parallel to the
floor, wrists locked to the wall, as were her ankles above her, her calves
against the wall. She wore a leathyr collar, and a cord ran from the front of the collar
to a ring on the wall between her ankles, to help support her head.

Ingenious, isnt
it? the Princess said. The walls come
apart in the middle, top and bottom.
They just climb in, get their center over the wallwhich is paddedand
get locked in. Of course, you need them
properly flexible first. These are not
clan women, you can see as they are unsewn, but we
train them properly for this and other occasions. She grabbed the edge of the wall and
pulled. It turned, and instead of her
head SLeah was once more looking at the occupants
sex. With her knees pulled back to her
chest, the womans two orifices were the most prominent feature of the side of
the wall. SLeahs
eyes were drawn to her crimson, bulging flesh, which appeared already greased
for action.

The Princess spun
the wall again and SLeah found herself looking down
into the womans face. She was
blindfolded with leathyr goggles, and fitted with a
wide hard rubber ring gag that kept her jaws apart and yet afforded any
passers-by the use of her.

Of the fourteen,
three are men, the Princess informed her, pointing one out. All SLeah saw was
a slightly hairy backside, muscular, with matching thighs. His hole was a dark shadow; his cock and
balls, kept turgid by a chromed cock ring, lay along his stomach. You can bend his tool down and sit on it
facing away from the wall, she told SLeah. Theyre just the right height. Thats fourteen bodies, which makes
twenty-eight walls. And thirty nine
holes, she added with a smile. 

SLeah moved back to the food tables and ate. The party guests were loud and familiar with
each other for the most part, and Kyuri saw regular
use. SLeah
was polite and responded to questions, but kept to herself.

After a while the
guests shed whatever clothes they still wore and got down to serious play. By ones and twos they wandered over to the wetwalls scattered throughout the center of the room and
began playing. The clan toys seemed to
be treated as nothing more than mobile rectums, and not especially tight ones
at that.

You dont look
like youre enjoying yourself, the Princess said to her, walking up. She had lost her robe, and sported a very
large strap-on rubber phallus.

Im just slow to
warm up to strangers, SLeah explained.

Well, if you
disrobed, and displayed your charms, most of these women would waste no time
warming up to you, the Princess told her.
But come, let me show you something.

Kyuri appeared at her elbow as the Princess led SLeah across the room.
A small group of guests clustered around a wetwall. SLeah saw the
woman encased in the wall was the same blonde the Princess had transported in
the trunk atop the carriage. Her jaws
were cracked far apart by a stiff rubber ring gag, but her eyes were uncovered,
and they glared furiously at the crowd around her. She was yelling at them, or cursing, but the
gag keeping her jaws apart turned everything into unrecognizable garble. She tugged at her wrists fiercely, but they
were securely locked down to the wall.
Her skin was scored red from her struggles.

Look how angry
she is, one of the guests said with a giggle.

Thats because
she was just captured, another woman said.
She hasnt grown to love the bit yet.

Look at that
spirit. I dont know if she can be broken,
said the man next to SLeah.

Anyone can be
broken, the Princess said. It just
takes time and determination. She
nudged SLeah, and nodded at the captive, who was
struggling again. Surrounded by nude
bodies, she knew what was in store for her.
Use her mouth, the Princess said.
It was obvious that the idea excited her.

SLeah undid the belt of her robe and shrugged it off. As it fell to the floor the blonde noticed
her, then did a doubletake
as she saw SLeahs rising organ. Her eyes went wide, and flew up to meet SLeahs.

Grudgingly, SLeah moved above the womans head as the crowd egged her
on. The short-haired woman tried to turn
her head and look at her, but the line attached to her collar limited her
mobility.

The opening in the
ring gag was more than big enough, and the inside of her mouth was red and
glistening. Taking a breath, SLeah grabbed a fistful of the womans hair and bent her
head back down toward the floor. Her
slender neck became a straight line ending in her open mouth, aimed directly at
SLeah. She
slid her cock deep into the womans mouth, then let go of her hair.

Immediately the
woman began thrashing her head around, trying to pull away from SLeahs cock, but she couldnt move much more than an inch
in any direction. SLeah
felt the ring flex as the woman bit down as hard as she could, to no
avail. Her head was impaled on SLeahs shaft, and she couldnt move enough to pull away.

SLeah stroked her throat, and upper arms, before beginning
her gentle thrusts. She began playing
with the blondes breasts, squeezing and kneading. The blondes hands were thrashing claws
against the wall as she fought to get free.
Even as she gagged and coughed and slurped she bellowed outrage at her
treatment. The crowd hooted and
hollered.

The Princess moved
around to the other side of the wall, out of SLeahs
sight. Suddenly the blonde stiffened and
cried out. SLeah
felt her body begin shuddering as if she was being struck by a heavy hammer and
knew the Princess was at work with her strap-on on the other side of the wall.

SLeah climaxed as soon as she could, with little joy, and
pulled out of the womans mouth. The
captive barely had time to catch her breath, sobbing and shaking from the
pounding the Princess was still giving her, before a male guest fed his soft
fat organ into her mouth. Her cries of
protest were muffled as he began ramming his quivering bulk against her face
and mauling her breasts. The party began
in earnest then, and SLeah spent most of the evening
demonstrating her unique attributes to the Princess female guests, much to
their delight.

The Princess took
her big rubber strap-on to most of the wall-bound bodies in the room, male and
female alike, working it with the skill of one born to the equipment. The blonde captive saw quite a bit of rough
treatment from the Princesss gueststhe males spent most of their time in her
mouth, while the females used fingers and pieces of food on her other end. Even Kyuri took his
turn in her, although his tool was so small it was doubtful that she much
noticed. The wall section that saw the
most visitors, however, was the one which housed a male everyone called
Ox. SLeah
gathered that he was a bit of a local legend.
Huge by any standard, his wide, muscular body drew the princess female
guests like flowers drew bees. Theyd
alternate sitting on his thick cock with its many piercings
with abusing his hole with fingers, hands, or whatever toys happened to be
within reach. His wide hips and years of
having ever-larger objects rammed into him contributed to his well-deserved
notoriety. Nearly every female guest
there took the opportunity to see what it felt like to put their whole hand
inside a man, but it wasnt until Amanda Smith of Smith Mercantile began
playing with him that things got interesting.
She was a giant woman; not tall, but hugely fat, with a great round head
and a body that looked like it had been inflated with a high pressure air hose. Her fat fingers were like sausages, her fists
like the heads of babies. Her hand alone
would have gotten Oxs attention, but this was her first invitation to one of
the Lady Sucettes parties, and she wanted to make an
impression, so shed be invited back. So
she greased her arm up to the elbow and worked at Ox like a miner. 

Her forearm was
swollen as large as a mans calf. Smith
never touched his organ, but her twisting fist and fat trunk of a forearm had
Ox twitching and sweating and spraying all over his own stomach. By the time shed wormed it all the way into
him, nearly to her elbow, occasionally slapping his large balls with her free
hand, Ox had come three times all over himself.

I think your fist
is on the other side of the wall, the Princess had laughed. The Princess got so aroused by the show that
when the huge woman finally withdrew her arm from Ox the Princess immediately
pulled her to the ground and went wild with her strap-on. Half the onlookers watched them,
the other stared in wonder at the gaping tunnel in Ox as it slowly
collapsed. Ms. Smith would very
definitely be invited to the next party.

Several hours after midnight the last of the partygoers ran out of energy. One by one they wandered off to their rooms,
sometimes pulling on their robes before they left, sometimes not. The staff began sliding the wetwalls in concealed tracks to an adjoining room. There the stretched, streaked bodies were
removed from the walls and hosed off.
Those sewn clan toys not grabbed by guests were at last sent back to
their quarters.

SLeah found herself the last to leave, alone with the
Princess watching her people slide the last of the wetwalls
to the clean-up room. Sucette had finally unbuckled her oversize phallus near the
end of the night. Its straps left red
stripes on her narrow hips. 

Where is she going?
SLeah inquired, nodding at the blonde captive, still
bent double inside her wetwall. Hers was the only wall left in the main room.

Tonight? Well, tonight Im going to let her hang there
and drip dry. Tomorrow? Well, well see. Semen covered the blonde and dripped from all
three of her holes, which were still stretched out.

The Princess
stretched, arms straight out above her head, then
reached between her thighs to finger herself.
I poked so many tonight that I never got around to getting poked, she
said, turning to SLeah. Are you too tired?

Never for you, SLeah told her.

Come with me to
my room, the Princess said with an expectant smile. I miss my silk sheets.

The staff had
begun mopping the pools of sweat and semen from the floors. The blonde captive appeared unconscious in
her perch, but they ignored her. The
Princess ordered them not to touch her, and then led SLeah
away.

It was but a short
walk to her spacious quarters, nearly one half of the buildings third
floor. SLeah
was dismayed to see the door to the Princess rooms flanked by massive
guards. The two huge women nodded at
her, and eyed SLeah in her robe. Mostly they just watched her breasts bounce
against the silk as she walked by, but still, their
mere presence was a complication.

SLeah followed the Princess striding unconcernedly nude
through the hallways of the house into her quarters, hearing the guards close
the double doors behind them. The
thought came to her that the Princess slim hips and buttocks were more boyish
than those of Kyuri.
It brought a smile to her face.

SLeah quickly scanned the big room for any statua, but they appeared to be alone. The Princess apparently preferred stone to
flesh, as dozens of stone sculptures, from a few inches high to near life-size,
dotted her sleeping quarters. The single
figurines depicted unusual fetishettes, and were
extraordinarily detailed. About a third
of the artworks portrayed two or more figures engaged in carnal acts, and one
breathtaking lifesize piece in the center of the room
depicted lady Decisa, first Matriarch of Clan Ophidi, being embraced and penetrated by too many snakes to
count.

The Princess led
her to a massive bed, high up off the floor.
SLeah, erect again, dropped her robe and
climbed up beside Sucette. They kissed passionately and fondled each
other for a while, then Sleah laid back and the
Princess climbed atop her face. SLeah worried at the little nub between the Princess
skinny thighs, and licked at the lipless crack below it. The Princess licked and sucked at SLeahs shaft, but had no skill. Soon she tired of it and climbed off, wanting
to be poled.

No, not yet, SLeah scolded her with a grin. You come lay here, on your back, and lay
your head over the edge. You should learn
how to do this right. For me, she
urged.

Sucette was more than ready to be spitted, but she
acquiesced and lay on her back with her head just over the edge of the
mattress. The angle made her throat one
long, straight tunnel.

Thats it, SLeah said, moving in.
Now just suck for a while, while I move. She slid her cock into the Princess
inexperienced mouth. Nearly two thirds
of the shaft disappeared between her lips before the Princess gagged a little
and raised her hands to push SLeah away.

SLeah backed off slightly and pushed the hands down. Just relax, she told her. I wont hurt you. Just concentrate on breathing, and opening
your throat. She began sliding back and
forth, gently, and laid her hands on either side of the Princess neck. Sucette diligently
sucked, and tried to relax and breathe, as SLeah
slowly worked half her length back and forth in her mouth and the top part of
her throat.

Good, good, SLeah said, edging a bit deeper. Just relax now, and concentrate. She kept her hands on the Princess neck, and
pressed her thumbs against her skin just above her collar bones. The Princess felt the pressure, but it didnt
distract her from the skill she was trying to master.

Good, thats
good, SLeah said, pumping, pumping, edging ever deeper.
Envision your throat opening, a tunnel all the way into your chest.

SLeahs voice grew softer, ever softer, until finally in
mid-stroke the Princess head fell limp.
SLeahs thumbs, gently pressing on her
carotid arteries, had slowly robbed the Princess brain of blood, until finally
shed just passed out. If she let go,
the Princess would regain consciousness in a few short minutes. If she kept the pressure on her thumbs, the
Princess would die.

SLeah looked down at the slack pale body, its ribs and
hipbones in sharp detail, legs splayed out on the bed. She could feel her heart still pumping, lungs still working, breath cooling her organ as it
hovered inside her slack mouth. Then SLeah lifted her thumbs, and moved her hands to the
Princess small breasts. They filled her
palms comfortably as she pushed forward, sliding her entire length down the
Princess throat.

Her balls rested
against Sucettes nose as she leaned forward, cock
wedged tight inside her throat. SLeah played with the Princess breasts, waiting. She studied the sculpture of Lady Decisa on the far side of the bed and tried to count the
snakes. The number was twelve or
thirteen, shed finally decided, when the Princess bucked, as her body
instinctively fought for air. She bit
down once, but not hard enough to break the skin. SLeah held on for
two more thrashing seizures, forcing her cock hard down Sucettes
throat, then the Princess was still.

SLeah counted to three hundred, then
checked the Princess pulse. Nothing. Her heart
had stopped with her lungs, and was now too far gone to save. She cupped the Princess small breasts again,
then quickly finished herself off with a series of rapid thrusts, trying to
imagine what so many snakes curling around and in her body would feel
like. The Princess pale body jiggled on
the crushed red velvet bedspread.

When she had
finished, SLeah quickly wrestled the body underneath
the covers and positioned the Princess with her head on the pillows. Her eyes wouldnt quite close, but from
across the room she looked like she was sleeping.

SLeah tucked in the skinny body, then
went prowling around the adjoining rooms.
After half an hour she had found nothing satisfactory. SLeah sat on the
edge of the bed and thought. There was
no immediate need to hurry, but she couldnt dawdle. She could get back to her room unmolested,
but leaving the house at this hour would draw attention. Staying until morning, however, was not an
option. The Princess body would be
discovered, and even though there was no visible cause of death, the guards
would remember her as the last to be with their Mistress.

After several
minutes sitting on the edge of the bed, staring at nothing, SLeah
realized she could hear, faintly, other noises in the big house. She cocked her head and listened for several
minutes. Then she nodded, put the red
robe back on, and strode to the door.
The guards, for their part, pretended not to see her even as they ogled
her firm cheeks all the way out of sight.














                                WASTELAND CHAPTER 20

 
  Jim Tarr
   jim
  2
  10
  2006-06-09T02:01:00Z
  2006-06-09T02:01:00Z
  1
  2629
  14990
  124
  35
  17584
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;


WASTELAND CHAPTER 20

&nbsp;

Put on some
clothes, SLeah snapped.

Kyuri jerked
awake. She had been curled up on
SLeahs bed, waiting for her to return, and had accidentally fallen
asleep. If shed done the same while
waiting for the Princess she wouldve been whipped.

SLeah tossed the
robe to the floor and opened the closet.
She hurriedly dressed in a two-hole black rubber titshirt and black
leathyr pants, while Kyuri knelt on the bed wearing nothing but a confused
look. The holes in the rubber through
which SLeah pulled her breasts were smaller than the breasts themselves, which
made them bulge and firmed them into globes sitting
high on her chest.

SLeah finished
lacing up her boots and looked around.
She stuffed everything of hers she could find into her case, then noticed Kyuri still undressed and staring stupidly at
her.

Move! she
shouted. Ill be back in a few
minutes. And she was out the door.

SLeah passed two
people in the hallway, but that couldnt be helped, and hopefully wouldnt
matter anyway. She doubted they saw her
face, anyway; they only had eyes for her breasts.

The big doors were
closed now, no one around. She quietly
pushed one open and peered into the big room, poorly lit by tiny bulbs in the
corners. It was empty, but for the one
wall panel.

Hurrying now, for
time was growing short, SLeah moved to the wetwall
and tried to figure out how to open it.
The blonde was still folded over inside it, asleep or unconscious. Her lower half was glazed with dried
secretions, and her short hair was matted and crusty.

After at least two
days folded up in the trunk, and another day bent in two inside the wetwall,
SLeah knew shed have to carry the woman.
There was no way the blonde would be able to walk.

The binders around
her wrists and ankles were simple things disengaged by small throw-levers. But SLeah just could not figure out how the
wall came apart. She remembered the staff
sliding the wall panels into an adjoining room at the end of the party. The wide doorway to that room was still open,
and she put her shoulder to the panels edge.
It slid easily in the track buried in the floor, right toward the open
doorway.

It was only as the
wetwall thumped to a stop at the end of the track that SLeah looked up to see
the two blonde aides lying on mattresses against the wall. They sat up, slowly, rubbing sleep from their
eyes. SLeah put them down with vicious
elbow strikes, then snapped their necksshe was creating a false story, one
that didnt involve her, and the two young ladies couldnt be left alive on the
off-chance theyd seen her before she put them down. When she turned from the limp bodies,
sprawled limbs akimbo on their mattresses, she saw the blonde was awake and
looking at her.

Just be quiet and
Ill get you out of here, SLeah whispered quickly, looking around frantically
for some tool or trick to open the wall.
Finally she noticed a bolted latch on one edge, and then comprehended
how the wall worked.

She unlocked the
blondes wrists and ankles from the wall, then unhooked the support leash from
the collar around her neck. When she
slipped the big bolt on the edge of the wall the top half of it now pivoted on
concealed hinges.

The upper wall
tilted to the side in a slot carved into the ceiling. It moved easily, apparently somehow
counterweighted. As it cracked open the
blondes thighs came up a little, then rose no further
as the wall opened enough for her to exit.
SLeah figured it would be hours before shed be able to straighten her
legs.

SLeah bent down
and, one arm under the blondes shoulders and one arm under her hips, lifted her out of the wetwall. She had moved no more than a step when the
blonde exploded in her arms, stunning her with a hard blow to the head and then
somehow sweeping SLeahs feet out from under her.

SLeah went down,
but got her arm hooked around the blondes neck as she fell backwards. They landed with a thump on the floor and
SLeah felt a knee hammer up between her legs into her testicles. The blow would have stunned a normal man, but
SLeah was neither, and could take with a smile pain that would have made
strong men faint.

SLeah wrapped her
huge thighs around the blondes skinny waist and squeezed. The blonde gargled and twitched, but somehow
found the strength to wrap her hands around SLeahs throat. They were on their sides on the floor, facing
each other.

The blondes face
was a study in fury, bright red. You
raped me! she spat, understandable even with the ring gag still in place. Her harsh voice grew hoarse as SLeahs
thighs slowly crushed her body.

I had to! If I hadnt, the Princess would have known
something was wrong, and you would still be a prisoner. Is the wetwall more to your liking?

As strong as she
was, SLeah could not pry the hands from her neck, and her vision was starting
to get fuzzy. The blondes face was
nearly purple from the scissorlock, but still she would not yield. SLeah brutally punched her in the ribs, and
the hands around her neck loosened, but not enough. SLeah balled her fist up again and punched
her even harder, this time in her breast.
With a cry the blonde released her hold on SLeahs throat and hugged
herself.

SLeah gasped for
air, then released the blonde from the scissorlock and booted her away. She slid a few feet on the floor and then
stopped, hugging herself and gasping.
SLeah staggered to her feet, ignoring the pain between her legs, and
tried to catch her breath.

Come with me if
you want to leave this place, SLeah told her as soon as she found the
air. You do not have the time to find
your own way out.

The blonde pushed
herself to her knees and coughed, fighting the urge to vomit. Why should I trust you?

What other choice
do you have? But we have no time, you
must hurry.

Why? Its obvious no one has heard us. Just then the house erupted in a clamor as
the alarm bells rang throughout. SLeah
was surprised it had taken this long, but was glad. The blonde looked around in fear.

The house is on
fire. And now there is no time. SLeah stood up. The time is now. Stay or go.
She turned and started for the doorway.
The larger room was still vacant, and she jogged for the exit. When she reached the doors she turned, and
the blonde was there. Sleah gave an
almost imperceptible nod, then cracked the door.

The hallway was
echoing with footsteps and shouts, but no one was in view. SLeah moved out and began running slowly
down the wide hall. No sooner had they
committed themselves when people ran into view from both directions. Everyone was running, though, and most in
various states of undress. SLeah and
the blonde, still nude, passed unnoticed in the growing din, as the staff and
guests hurried for the exits.

Kyuri was as
obedient piece of property as any master could hope for, but he was not very
bright, and lost focus when rushed.
SLeah had ordered him to dress, and quicklyfrom the rush shed left in
Kyuri figured he had but a few minutes, but this was not his quarters, and held
none of his clothes. Hed arrived
wearing nothing but shoes and a gag. He
didnt dare race to his small room to get clothing, and so he frantically began
tearing through the closets in this room, hoping to find something, anything. It was with a giant sigh of relief that he
found several outfits, his own, left in the room by him the last time hed been
here entertaining guests.

The one-piece was
black and made of some thin, stretchy material that showed his every
curve. It had long sleeves and a scoop
neck front that made his breasts appear bigger than they really were. The one-piece was cut high on the hip and had
a thong back that exposed his shapely, feminine buttocks. His stoneless, cock-filled bag was pressed
flat between his legs, under the narrow strip of material. His crotch looked just like a womans at any
distance beyond three feet. He had just
pulled on the outfits matching legwear when the door burst open.

SLeah took one
look at Kyuri in the skintight one-piece and the black rubber toe boots that
hugged his thighs all the way to his buttocks and shook her head. That was his idea of clothing?

Kyuri stared at
SLeah, just now hearing the alarms. Behind her stood a familiar-looking blonde, lean and butchy. Kyuri couldnt remember where hed seen her
before. She was nude and had angry red
marks all over the left side of her ribcage.

Lets go, lets
go! SLeah yelled at Kyuri. The house
is on fire! She grabbed her case.

Kyuris first
concern was for his Mistress, but SLeah didnt allow him any time to
think. She herded him down the hall to
the stairs to the first floor. There
they joined the crowd pushing out the main entrance.

The Princess
guests filled the courtyard and looked up, pointing and yammering. SLeah glanced upward too.

The fire shed set
in the linen closet directly underneath the Princess quarters had gone
undetected much longer than she ever could have hoped. By the time the alarm had gone off and the
guards rushed in, the fire had already filled the Princess bedroom. The smoke was so thick the guards were
overcome, mere feet from the bed on which she lay.

The water bots
were now deployed along the outside of the house, but the flames ran all the
way to the roof. The Princess quarters
were gone, and no one but SLeah knew where she was. Confusion reigned, and the guards had all left
their posts to fight the fire and rescue those inside who were bound in place.

This way, SLeah
murmured, pushing through the crowd, pulling Kyuri by the hand. The blonde followed, darting her eyes this way
and that, but no one recognized her or thought anything of her nudity. At least a dozen other people in the
courtyard were without clothing, the heat from the fire driving away the cool
night air. One nearby slave girl had her
bare breasts freshly sewn together, top to bottom, either as punishment or
play, a few of the holes still oozing blood.
Her lower crevice was laced together as well, with a leather thong, but
this was no new experiencethe thong ran through brass eyelets embedded in her
flesh that had been in place so long they had begun to discolor with age.

SLeah ran out of
crowd to hide in before she was halfway to the gate, but saw they were hanging
open unattended. Several other guests
had the same idea, perhaps thinking it was safer outside the walls in case the
fire spread to the other buildings.
SLeah led her pair past the huge gates and out into the darkness a good
way before turning around.

The burning house
was a bright beacon in the night, the only light for miles around other than the
stars. The handful of
other people outside the gate were all staring at the house too, talking
nervously amongst themselves.

Facing the house,
SLeah slowly began backing up, dragging her two companions with her. Kyuri struggled slightly, but made no move to
remove his gag. The other people never
noticed the trio fading away, into the blackness. When they were several hundred yards from the
wall SLeah stopped and looked around.
In the dim starlight she could just make out the line of the road to her
left, heading directly west. Everything
else was grass-covered gently rolling hills in all directions. Squinting, she looked around until she saw
what she was looking for, a depression slightly lower than the rest of the
ground. She hooked her fingers through
the strap of Kyuris gag and pulled him with her to the small dip. He stumbled in the darkness, whimpering.

When they were at
the depression, SLeah looked around again, then had her knife out and buried
in Kyuris neck before he even saw it. The
fingers of her other hand laced in his hair, SLeah pulled his head back and
sliced open his throat neatly, then rode his bucking body down to the ground
and held it there until he bled out.
After not much more than a minute she stood up, to see the blonde
standing a few short feet away, glaring at her.

He was no threat
to you, she said accusingly.

Not physically,
but he could get fingers to point in my direction, SLeah told her
matter-of-factly.

So now you will
kill me too? the blonde asked, eyeing the dripping knife.

No, SLeah
said. She bent down and wiped the long
blade off on the dewy grass. We will
travel together for a time, and then go our separate ways. If they ever get so far as to start a tracker
after us, you will be the one they pursue as the Princess killer. If I kill you, then all suspicion falls on
me.

The blonde nodded,
carefully watching as SLeah put the knife away. We must be far away from here before
daybreak, SLeah said. She looked at
her companion for the first time. The
blonde was starting to shiver in the cool night air. SLeah dug in her case and handed her the
suitjacket shed worn on the trip to the estate. Whats your name?

The blonde pulled
on the jacket and quickly buttoned it.
It was better than nothing, but left her legs exposed, as well as
everything below her waist. SLeah
looked for the pants or the blouse that went with the jacket, but couldnt find
them.

Izumi, the
blonde told her. She stared at SLeah
distastefully, but made no move to leave.

SLeah took her
bearings from the stars, then pointed
north-northeast. We go that direction,
she said. As fast as you can. SLeah knew that she could run all night and
through the next day before her legs gave out, but her companion was another
story.

How
far? Izumi asked.

Well stop at
dawn, SLeah told her.

And then what?

And then maybe
youll be too tired to ask me questions, SLeah snapped. Lets go!
She stopped only once, a hundred yards farther on, and looked back, but
Kyuris body was invisible. Then she
jogged on again, at a slow pace the blonde tried hard to match. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Izumi traveled
through the night, barefoot and cold, without complaint, until the morning sun
began to light up the sky. SLeahs
original plan had been to dump Izumi sometime during the night, to let her find
her own way. But then shed also thought
the blonde would be nearly crippled from the trunk and wetwall, and didnt
understand why that hadnt been so. If
the Clan discovered the Princess had been murdered, SLeah had counted on the
blame being leveled at Izumi, who would be missing from the house. Since it didnt appear that the Princess
death would be attributed to anything other than the fire, Izumi herself became
the biggest threat, but SLeah didnt want to kill her as there was no way to
be sure exactly what the specialists might discover when they examined the
Princess body. Also, for some reason,
SLeah was hesitant to kill her. Whether
it was the blonde womans spirit, or some sympathy for her plight, she didnt
know.

Well rest here,
she told Izumi, as the bright face of the sun washed over the rolling
plains. They were in a small hollow, and
would be hidden from view once they sat down.

Izumi sat on the
grass and massaged her stiff legs. The
soles of her feet were blistered and sore, but luckily theyd been traveling on
grass all night. SLeah looked around,
studying the horizon.

Did you even
break a sweat? Izumi asked her.

Not after just
twenty miles, at barely more than a walk, SLeah said. She looked over at Izumi, sitting with her
bare rump on the grass. Now that the sun
was rising into the sky, she wouldnt be cold for long.

You should get
some sleep, SLeah told her. Im going
to look for some food, and hopefully water, not that Ive got anything to carry
it in.

Izumi looked up at
her and squinted. She studied SLeah for
a long time, not saying anything. What
are you? she said finally.

Excuse me?
SLeah said, thinking the blonde was talking about her endurance.

What are you?
Izumi repeated. Are you a woman or a
man? To the eye you are all woman,
except when you take off your pants.
That I know only too well. She
eyed SLeah with hostility. SLeah
opened her mouth, but was given no chance to speak.

Friend
or foe? Izumi challenged. You
free me, and help me escape, and give me your jacket, but last night it was you
and you alone who was the first to rape me.
I still taste your seed, the first on my tongue. You were fast friends with Princess Knotcunt,
but unless my wits have left me, you set fire to the house to make good your
escape. And then you killed that piece
of tail who was too stupid to realize youd probably
killed his beloved Princess. Was freeing
me only a distraction to any would-be pursuers? This is no personal grudge,
I can see that in your eyes. So I ask
again, what are you?

I could ask you
that question as well, SLeah shot back.
How many days were you bound in that trunk? Two, three, more? And then mounted on the wall, folded in two
like a book? After the first hour
I would have lost all feeling in my legs, and yet you come out spinning and
fighting. My bag is still swollen, she
told her angrily, from your knee.

Izumi smiled a
little proudly. You deserve more than
that, she told SLeah. You still raped
me, no matter the excuse.

SLeah had to
admit, Izumi had grit. And she had a
secret, of some sort, that she wasnt willing to share. At least not yet.

Im going to look
for some food, SLeah told her.

How do I know youre
coming back? the blonde asked her.

SLeah didnt
answer. Whether I do or not, you still
need to get some sleep, she said over her shoulder as she climbed the small
rise. Ill be back before too long.














                                 THE LOST PRINCECHAPTER 20


 
  Jim Tarr
   jim
  2
  13
  2006-06-09T02:02:00Z
  2006-06-09T02:02:00Z
  1
  3107
  17715
  147
  41
  20781
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

 THE LOST
PRINCECHAPTER 21

&nbsp;

Daka rubbed his eyes and
tried to stay alert as the last piece of luggage was loaded onto the
carriage. Hed been half asleep helping
the StableMistress hook the ponies up to the new
coach, but hed performed the task so many times his brain didnt need to be
fully in gear.

Lady Kohos two splendid mounts were in the lead, followed by
Sempai Nodos four mismatched ponies, donated to her
by the royal stable. They were all
late-generation stock, but did not fit together in size or looks. One tall skinny blonde, one thick brunette
with large, tattooed breasts (obviously a gift from some minor padisha living near the edges of the kingdom), one high-gen dark-skinned beauty with huge thighs and a brilliant
smile, whod tried to rub her mound against Daka even
at this early hour, and finally, the first asian-stock
mount hed seen in close to a decade.
The Asians were too short to be good ponies, and most were found in
household staffs or in the ranks of assaya. This one was short too, but not so much that
she wouldnt be able to keep in stride with the other ponies. She was skinny, with thick thighs and the
upper body of a man. Daka
had never seen a pony so totally breastless.

The driver was a
young soldier who also served as Sempai Nodos
bodyguard. As an old historian with
little money and less property she thought the idea of a bodyguard ludicrous,
but it was a royal decree that all court personnel have a guard west of the
river. And the Sempai wasnt so old she
couldnt find some use for a handsome young man required to obey all her
commands. He finished tying down the
bags and then sat on the bench, ready to be off. From the way he held the reins Daka could tell he knew less about ponies than he did
soldiering.

Uma was sorry to see Daka go, but
did her best to hide it. He was the
property of another mistress, and she showed no signs of wanting to let him
stay on as a stablehand. She desperately needed one, now that Ranyo was to be shipped off to a seed farm, as soon as he
finished laying with the clan women, each in her
time. None were supposed to be fertile,
but then, neither was he. Including
ponies and assayan novices old enough to bleed, Ranyo had over three hundred women to service, and a
schedule of their fertile times was being drawn up. Even laying with a woman thrice a day Ranyo would be kept busy for nearly half a year, and would
be exempt from his stable duties.

Cool water,
downhill road, and frisky mounts at the end of the day, Uma
said to him, a traditional stable cheer to those about to embark on a
journey. Daka,
surprised, bowed, then opened his mouth and tried to think of something to say
in turn. Uma
grabbed his shoulder and pushed him toward the carriage. Go, she said with an exasperated
smile. She regretted not having a go at
his big tool, but she always had the ridged pole in the rear stall. Maybe some day they would meet again.

The Lady Lena had
come to see Lady Koho off, as had the Lady Roba. Both had been
shown the cut up futons tossed about Lady Kohos room
when she returned in the morning. The
window was open, and the furniture had been strewn about as if by a storm. A storm with knives in it. No one in the house had heard a thing.

Speed and Luck,
was all Lady Roba would say. She blinked slowly in the early morning light
and tugged her robe closer around her.
She was not normally an early riser.

Speed and Luck
and all else I could give you, Lady Lena said, bowing to Dakas
mistress and the Sempai, who seemed bright and cheerful in the misty cool
air. You have not told me all that
transpired, she went on, holding up a hand, and that has been for a reason, I
am sure. Go now, and be safe. Remember the circle, and you will be well.

You honor me, as
you have always done, Lady Koho said in return, with
her own bow.

And you have
honored us with your presence, Lady Lena said to Sempai Nodo. Your knowledge and guidance will be
missed. May your trip be swift and easy.

Sempai Nodo bowed again, as did her student, and they climbed into
the carriage.

Lady Hirondelle is traveling your road, Lady Lena told Dakas mistress, but will not be leaving until mid-day at
the earliest.

The others are
leaving then also?

Today
and tomorrow. Lady Main seems in
no hurry, and Lady Rosetta has but a short trip.

Lady Koho nodded, then hugged and kissed both Lady Lena and Lady
Roba. Forever
the circle, she said. She pushed Daka toward the carriage, and he clumsily climbed inside
and sat facing the historian and her student.
His Mistress exchanged a few quiet words with the two Ladies, then
climbed into the coach and shut the door.
Lady Lena waved, then nodded at the
driver. The coach lurched forward and Daka watched out the window as the buildings grew smaller. In a minute they passed through the gate, and
then he could see naught of the compound but the high wall, and its wide gates
swinging shut.

The Sempais assistant was a mousy young woman, pale and
skinny, with short hair that looked like it had been cut by a dull
hatchet. She wore plain grey robes, and
spent most of the time staring at her hands.

The coach featured
two opposing benches, each wide enough for three adults to sit, with enough
room between them so that everyone could stretch their legs without kicking
each other. Daka
gave it a brief onceover out of curiosity, but was
too tired to concentrate. While his
Mistress had had no problem falling right to sleep the night before, hed been
unable to tear his eyes from Lady Roba and the novice
cavorting with her pets. The dogs were
nearly as intelligent as men, or so well trained in the acts of pleasure as to
seem so, and performed as well together as they did apart. Theyd stayed busy until near dawn, and he
doubted his eyes had been closed more than thirty minutes before the handmaiden
had entered the room to help bathe and dress his Mistress.

Daka.

He jerked up, not
knowing when his eyes had closed.

Yes MLady?

Did you get any
sleep last night?

Some.

Lady Koho shook her head.
Lay down and get some sleep, she told
him. You are asleep on your feet. I had forgotten how entertaining well-trained
pets can be. Ill awaken you if I need
you.

Yes MLady, he mumbled.
He lay down and curled up on the padded seat. He was asleep in seconds.

We have three
days to Perle, with only water stations and small
hamlets in between, the Sempai observed, eyeing Dakas
sleeping form. Then another three, with
good weather, to Gardene and, beyond that, Clan Bukkakes house.
She caught Lady Kohos eye, then gave a barely
perceptible nod toward her assistant.
We need to know, and soon.

Lady Koho eyed the mousy woman, and tried to hide a smile. Pipa, was it? Have you ever been to the seed farms before?

The wan girl
looked up briefly, very self-conscious, and shook her head. No MLady, she
said quietly.

Pipas never been more than a few miles from the palace,
the Sempai told her, suppressing a grin.
Our trip west was quite an eye-opening experience for her.

Lady Koho bit her lip to keep from laughing. And more still to come, Im sure.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

SLeah returned with two rabbits shed killed with thrown
rocks, but theyd yet to locate any water.
The women rested in the small dell through the hottest part of the day,
then moved out again when the sun began to sink in the sky.

SLeahs plan was to head northwest for several days,
paralleling the northbound road out of sight to the west of them. At Big Fork she assumed Izumi would take the
north road and head back to her countrymen.
SLeah would be taking the other road, heading
straight northeast.

She estimated it
was a hundred miles from Clan Infibulas compound to
Big Fork. There there
was a large water station and eatery, if by then they could risk being
seen. But they would need water before
then.

It was near midnight when the women stumbled onto a small
stream running east. It was only a few
inches deep, and just two feet across, but the water was clean and cold. They feel to their hands and knees and drank
and drank, then finally fell backwards onto the grassy bank.

Well rest here,
SLeah said.
Drink all you can, as often as you can, for we have nothing with which
to carry water other than our bodies.

They sat on the
bank, staring upward at the stars or across the rolling, dark plains, every few
minutes moving to the stream to drink.
After half an hour SLeah felt like a balloon,
shed drunk so much water, and moved off to urinate, for the first time in
thirty-six hours. When she pulled up her
trousers and moved back to the stream she saw Izumi staring at her.

You piss as a
woman, Izumi said with some confusion.
Can you not pass water through your tool?

SLeah sat down and leaned back on her elbows. Only with great difficulty, she admitted.

Izumi crossed her
legs and leaned forward. How did you
come by your stick and stones?

The royal
chemists werent as all-knowing as they thought they were, SLeah
said with a trace of bitterness.

You were a pony!
Izumi said, the pieces finally falling into place. SLeah didnt respond. After a while Izumi looked down and began
pulling at the grass blades.

I was traveling
west from the river when my troupe was attacked, Izumi said. They came in after dark and overran our
tents. There were maybe thirty of us,
and only a dozen or so of them, but they had weapons, which we did not, and the
element of surprise.

Who were they? SLeah asked. Izumi
shrugged.

Some wandering
pack, I dont know. Barbarians, she
spat. They killed most of the men, and
a few women who fought too much. They
pulled the tent down around me, and tied me before I could run or fight. They had been heading south, and continued
that way with us. Every few days wed
meet up with another band traveling the same road, and theyd sell one or two
of us. By the time we entered the
Queens realm there was just me and three others left. I was sold to Princess Cutlips,
and Anja was sold to a local. The band kept Richardtheyd grown quite fond
of him by that time. And
Isma.
Izumi shook her head.

Were you part of
a caravan? SLeah asked her. Izumi moved off and drank at length from the
stream. When she returned she lay on her
back and laced her fingers behind her head.
The sky was cloudless and filled with stars.

Cirque Bizar, she said finally.
Not that big or successful, but we were finally drawing some notice
east of the River, north of the Realm.
We were told the high road to the west was safe.

Nothing is ever
safe, SLeah said.
Izumi barked out a harsh laugh.
You were a performer? SLeah asked her.

Izumi in response
sat up and unbuttoned the jacket. As
quick as a snap of the fingers she folded one leg behind her back, then the
other. She lay back on them, her ankles
crossed below her shoulder blades. She
placed the flat of one hand at the small of her back and curled forward, and
laid one light kiss on the lips of her own sex.

Twister, she
said, pulling her head back. She took
the hand from the small of her back and pulled upward on the taut skin of her
mound. Her sex was a bulging purse of
flesh, and when she tugged her hooded slit rose upward. A stream of urine shot from her, arcing ten
feet into the air and coming down in a stream nearly as narrow as when it had
left her body. Izumi caught the stream
in her mouth, but only for a second, then rolled to the side and emptied the
rest of her bladder out across the grass.
And Pisseuse, she added after swallowing,
and still the stream continued, a curving, glittering arc splashing down a
dozen feet from where Izumi lay. In
distance alone she was impressive, but the sheer quantity of the stream was
amazing. It shut off as if from a tap,
and Izumi unwrapped her legs. She wiped her chin with her palm.

Im still dry,
Izumi said. For a proper display Id
need to stay here all night drinking. I
can stretch my bladder until it looks as if I am with child.

That was
impressive enough, SLeah told her, thinking that to
get that much height with her stream, Izumis bladder had to be the strongest
muscle in her body.

Id do all sorts
of tricks, twist myself into all sorts of shapes and hit a spittoon across the
stage, mouths in the audience, Izumi said.
We all had our specialties. Anja was hairy as a bear, Rika was
a dwarf that appeared to be just a young girl.
She dearly loved shocking people, and did quite well after the shows
with men who still hadnt figured out she wasnt a child.

I would imagine
so.

Mickelou and his wife Inka were
jugglers and fire eaters, she went on.
Izumi paused, and looked down. Micky tried to defend her when we were attacked, and they
killed him. Inka
fought so hard after that they beat her unconscious and left her for dead in
the middle of our campsite. Wallo was an acrobat, and I think they killed him too. I never saw him after the attack.

Had you no
weapons at all? No sentries posted?

Sentries?
Izumi tried to smile wryly, but it came out a grimace. The thought never crossed our minds. We were thirty strong, what could we possibly
have to worry about?

The West is not
the East. And the Wasteland is something
else entirely.

So Ive
seen. Izumi shook her head. We should never have come west of the
river. Cirque Bizar,
she said with a snort. Except for Isma, wed all just blend right in.

Youve said that
name before.

Izumi nodded. She and Richard were still captive when I
was sold off. Hes a true freak of
nature, with an organ as large as a mans fist and forearm. It was so large it took him half an hour to
get hard, but in fair trade he could last for hours. His size was such that it frightened most
women, instead of exciting them. The
band that captured us, three quarters of them were women, the roughest kind you
can picture. I cant imagine what they
must have lived through to turn them into such callous beasts. They couldnt keep their hands off Richard,
even though only a few of them could fit him inside themselves, and none to the
base.

And
Isma?

I think when she
was just an infant her parents were killed in a raid, somewhere near the
mountains, by a clan that had reverted back into mysticism and savagery. They kidnapped her, and then treated her as a
sort of good luck charm, a symbol of their success in war. They never thought of her as a person, only
an object. Never taught her how to
speak, or write, and covered her from head to toe in tattoos and scar patterns
that are the most amazing thing youve ever seen. Her entire body, including
her face. Tattooed,
and pierced dozens of times.

Before any
significant event, the clansmen would fuck her for good luck,
dip their knives and clubheads in her sex before a
battle for the same reason. She was
captured by another group during a raid, was used as a seed receptacle by their
men for two years, traded, sold, until somehow she
found her way to us. After all that,
life in our circus seemed pleasant to her.
If just her mere appearance wasnt enough to entertain the crowd she
would eat for them.

Eat? Eat what?

Whatever
they wanted. Garbage,
worms, dirt, shit, anything and everything. The band that attacked us liked her because
no matter what they made her do, or did to her, she didnt seem to care. Izumis expression in the dark was hard to
read. She cared.

SLeah looked up at the stars, and found her bearings. She stood up.
Time to go.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Compared to the
Waste, the north country was as green and fertile as a
garden, with gentle rolling hills and occasional clumps of short, slender
trees. The first two days passed
uneventfully. The road was wide and in
good repair, with pumps or water stations at regular intervals. Several times a day they passed coaches
heading south. Daka
caught a glimpse of young feminine faces in the carriage windows as they went
by, but they did not stop.

The first night
theyd stopped to sleep at a tiny water station, attended by a gruff
grey-haired man missing his right leg below the knee. After a lean meal the others had gone to
sleep inside on beds while Daka attended to the
ponies in the rickety stable. The driver
tried to help, but he was close to useless, and Daka soon
bid him leave.

Dakas awakening to ponies as something more distracted him
as he washed and fed the mounts, especially with the dark-skinned beauty
constantly trying to rub herself against him. In the end he strung her up and worked on her
sweet spot as Uma had taught him, until with flashing
teeth and scissoring thighs she climaxed.

When he lowered
the black-skinned pony Daka discovered the other
ponies had all become somewhat frisky watching him work on their teammate. It had aroused him too, and his cock fought
against the rings with every beat of his heart.
However, he had neither the energy nor the inclination to stroke the
sweet spots of five more mounts, so he led them into the one big stall that was
there, unhooked their leads, and closed the door.

The ponies still
wore their armbinders and gags, but were otherwise
nude. Their corsets, harnesses, and
boots were all draped over a metal bar, drip-drying after being washed. Once inside the stall and
free to move about, four of the ponies paired off, nuzzling ears and straddling
thighs. The odd one out, the
brunette with the big tattooed breasts, came to Daka
and began nuzzling his chest, looking up into his eyes. She knelt down and turned her back to him,
then tipped forward until her chest was on the floor. She spread her knees as wide as they would go
and waited expectantly.

Her brown folds
were loose and wrinkled, and he played with them for a few minutes, kneeling
down behind her. He listened closely, in
case one of the others came to check on him, but he believed theyd already all
retired. Inside, the pony was hot and
wet, and she pushed her rump back against his hand, encouraging him to
penetrate her.

Daka went to work on her sweet spot with the flats of two
fingers, and her hole opened up to him. He inserted a third finger, then a fourth,
pressing down and rubbing her as hed been taught. The mount grunted and hunched against his
hand, which began to slosh loudly around in her as her excitement grew. Her juices were dripping off his palm, and
suddenly he found his entire hand was inside her. He stared at the odd sight of his forearm
ending at her slick folds. Her flesh was
snug and wet, gripping his loose fist like a heated glove. The sensation of having his entire hand in
her was very strange to him, and he twisted it slowly left and right. Her flesh rippled around his knuckles, and
her sex pulsed, as if it were a mouth trying to swallow him. The pony began to buck wildly back onto his
arm, groaning happily around her gag.

Daka paused, and a grin crept across his face. Past his pony the other four were writhing on
the floor, awkwardly grinding their mounds against each others thighs, panting
and sighing around their gags. The air
was close with their scent, and he took a deep breath, then bent back over the
pony wrapped around his hand.

The second night
of the journey their group camped around a lone pump adjacent to the road. Lady Koho slept
alone in the carriage, while Sempai Nodo retired to
her tent with the driver. Daka sat beside the fire with the Sempais
timid assistant, Pipa, and listened to the sounds of
enthusiastic lovemaking inside the tent.
Pipa was beside herself with embarrassment,
but all Daka could do was try to imagine what the
body of a woman as old as the Sempai looked like. Wrinkled and saggy, of that much he was
sure. The boisterous and occasionally
wet sounds from the tent didnt disturb the ponies sleeping in a circle around
the fire, tired after an especially long day over hilly ground.

Daka looked up as he heard the tent flap open, and the
Sempai stuck her upper body out. Her
hair was mussed, her face flushed, her small breasts even more wrinkled and
saggy than Daka had imagined. Her eyes sought out her aide.

Pipa, she commanded.
Come over here.

Pipa, mortified at the sight of her mentors bare breasts,
stared at her hands, but shuffled over to the tent. There was a brief, fervent discussion, during
which Pipa seemed to shrink in stature, then the Sempai scooted to the side. Slowly, reluctantly, the assistant bent down
and stepped into the tent.

Sempai Nodo gave Daka a brief look, then
disappeared back into the tent.
Whispers, fierce murmuring, the rustling of clothes, then
finally the rhythmic sound Daka recognized. Eyes heavy, he lay on the ground and went to
sleep, the sounds from inside the tent fading into the darkness.














                                    THE LOST PRINCECHAPTER 22




 
  Jim Tarr
   jim
  2
  10
  2007-02-23T00:38:00Z
  2007-02-23T00:38:00Z
  1
  3141
  17910
  149
  42
  21009
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

 THE LOST
PRINCECHAPTER 22

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

They spotted the fancy coach about halfway between Lake
 City and Crosstown, heading
west. They were about one hundred and
fifty miles north of Lady Rosettas compound, deep in the wilds of Clan
Infibulas territory. Settlements were
scarce, and the two hundred and fifty miles of road stretching between Lake
City and Crosstown sported no towns, no campshardly any water stations.

The coach was
maybe twenty miles from the last station, with another twenty to the next, when
theyd spotted its dust cloud. Even from
a distance they could see it was a pricey roller. Through his binocs Jackstraw could see the
markings of the Palace on the coach doors.

Weve hit it
big, he whistled.

Hed climbed to
the top of a small rise, laying on his stomach to
prevent being spotted. The coach was
perhaps a half mile off, and was big even at that distance. A team of eight led it, and they were some of
the sharpest looking ponies hed ever seen.

Marco! he called
down the slope. Marco was sprawled
across the top of their own coach, hidden in a small dried-up streambed.

What?

How far up does
this gully meet the road?

The
bridge? Three
miles, maybe.

Can we get there
without being spotted by them? Does the
bed stay this deep? If not, theyd have
to shadow the coach at a great distance and wait until nightfall.

Marco sat up and
scratched the stubble on his chin, then eyed their ponies. They were tired, but not too tired.

I think so. But well have to race if were to beat
them. The bed twists and turns, even if
it is flat as a road. For once the
smallness of their coach would be an advantage.

Ramni, squatting
halfway down the slope, finished urinating and stood up. Lets go then, she growled, tugging her
leathyrs up over her massive thighs. Her
piercings jingled. Whats it look
like? she asked Straw, who came sliding down the slope. As big and broad as she was he still dwarfed
her. His blue eyes burned with
excitement.

Money, he said, then barked out a harsh laugh.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The bridge was a
short wooden structure that was hardly necessary now that the stream was dry,
but Straw was glad it was there. He and
Marco hid under the far end of the span, each to a side, while Ramni and Gui hid under the near end, the end the coach would reach
first. The plan was to trap the coach on
the bridge itself. At its highest it was
a mere fifteen feet from the dry streambed, but that was enough to discourage
jumpers. Their own small coach and team was hidden around a bend of the stream. Straw hadnt even bothered to hobble themhis
mares had been broken to the twizzler long ago.
Meat was inside the coach, sleeping probably; Ramni and Gui had toyed with her all night and morning until someone
had spotted the dust cloud.

About a quarter
mile out, Ramni whispered to him, after peeking her
head up above the slope. Straw
nodded. He could hear the approaching
coach now, a faint rumble that soon would dissolve into a steady tempo of
hoofboots on hardpacked dirt. What such
a showy coach with Palace markings was doing way out here he had no idea. The fact that it had no escort coach filled
with guards, and only one driver visible (even if it was a male), showed either
ignorance of the inherent dangers of the western territories, or
arroganceafter all, who would attack a Royal coach?

Straw took a few
deep breaths and glanced at Marco. Marco
grinned back, his teeth just visible in the gloom under the bridge. The sound of the approaching coach grew
louder and louder, and Straw could make out the
jingling of their harnesses. Then
suddenly the underpass echoed with thunder as the team ran onto the bridge,
their hoofboots thudding on the wood beams.

Straw rolled out
one direction, Marco the other. By the
time they scrambled up and onto the bridge the team was in the middle of the
span. Ramni and Gui
appeared behind the coach as the two men yelled and brandished their lightning
rods.

The two lead
ponies jerked in surprise. As high-gen
as they were, Straw doubted theyd ever seen any danger. As he ran toward them yelling, the lead four
dug their boots into the wood. The
driver, mouth open in surprise, flew from his perch atop the coach as its speed
was instantly halved. One of the ponies
went down on a knee but was back up by the time the coach was stopped. 

The driver landed
head-down with an audible crunch. Marco
flipped him over with a boot, but the man was already dead. His head hung at an odd angle. Marco grabbed the bit of the nearest pony and
yanked downward.

On
your knees! Drop to your knees!
he yelled, brandishing the rod. The team
quickly obeyed, even thought it was obvious some of them didnt know what he
was waving about.

Straw rushed to
the coach and yanked at the door.
Unlockedwould you believe it? He
sprang into the spacious interior, rod at the ready.

As his eyes
adjusted to the darker interior he saw a young woman in robes sprawled on hands
and knees from the sudden stop. Before
her was an old woman, on her back on the seat, one hand pressed flat to her
chest. It appeared shed been speaking
before he opened the door.

The old woman
looked at Straw, then at the young woman, then back at Straw. Her face was ghostly white, and her lips were
darkening, almost purple in hue. Her
hand stayed pressed to her chest.

Im Lady Minok,
the scrawny woman gasped. Fourth in line. Her
arm where it sprang from her sleeve was thin as a branch and lined with
unsightly veins. A bubble formed in the
corner of her mouth and Straw watched her eyes roll back. Ggggkk. She slumped bonelessly onto the bench, and
didnt move. Straw lowered the rod in
surprise.

Ramni pushed her
upper body into the open doorway, saw Straw had things under control, and
disappeared. He could hear the thumps as
she and Gui started going through the luggage on the
roof and in the rear compartment.

Keeping an eye on
the young woman, Straw edged over to the prostrate spinster and touched a hand
to her throat. The other backed away
from him and perched on the edge of the seat, throwing glances at the open
doorway.

Straw pressed his
ear to the old womans chest, then straightened
up. Dead, he said without
preamble. Bad heart. He sat on the seat across from the coachs
other occupant and looked her up and down.
She wore a simple white robe made of an expensive-looking material,
maybe silk. Her light brown hair was
straight and came down just to her shoulders.
The robe hid much, but she seemed slender and nicely shaped, with pale
skin and pretty features. Her brown eyes
were guileless.

Straw smiled,
leaned back with an expansive sigh, and then suddenly guffawed. Put away two without ever having to lay a
finger on them, he said, shaking his head.
Thats a story I wouldnt believe if it hadnt happened to me. He looked at the young woman. So that was the Lady Minok, he said,
nudging the still warm corpse with a tow.
What does that make you?

Im the young woman stopped with her mouth open, and glanced
at the body sprawled ungainly across the seat.
Lady Minoks handmaiden, she finished in a more subdued manner. Genia. Who are you?
And what is the meaning of this outrage?

It was ignorance,
not arrogance, Straw decided. She was
just too youngand probably shelteredto know how scared she should be. She thought she could use her status as a
Royal vassal to intimidate him.

Outrage? So far its only a conversation. How old are you?

The woman who
called herself Genia decided there was no reason to lie about that. Eighteen, she told him. Shed never seen a man like him before. Huge, wrapped in cracked leathyrs, dusty and
smelling of sweat. And with a thick
black beardshed never seen a beard before.
He kept staring at her with piercing blue eyesit made her
uncomfortable. She assumed they were
bandits, thieves, this group. What had happened to the driver she had no
idea, shed never heard him utter even a challenge. Had he been in on this ambush? Had she been betrayed?

My, my, my,
Straw said, his eyes running up and down Genia, his smile widening.

Ramni jumped down
off the roof and leaned into the coach.
Genia recoiled at the sight of the big, wild-looking woman. She was as big as a big man, and dressed as
one, in leathyr trousers and a black leathyr vest over bare skin. The vest was open in front, revealing much of
her large breasts. They were sweaty and
covered in road dust. Her head was
oversize, with brown hair pulled back into a short ponytail. Genia was both repulsed and fascinated by the
sight of her. 

Ramni ran her eyes
up and down the young split while speaking.
Even after we dump anything with the Royal Seal, we can live off just
what the silks will bring in for months, she told Straw. Dyou see those
ponies?

Straw nodded. I want them too. Send Gui back to our
coach, and tell Marco hes driving this one.
The mounts seem obedient enough, they shouldnt
give him any trouble.

This is probably
the first time theyve been west of the River.

Where were you
going? Straw asked Genia.

To visit Clan
Bukkake, she told them. ILady Minok
wanted to see the Inseminariums.

I bet she did,
Ramni said. She saw the old woman still
hadnt moved. Did you hit her?

Straw shook his
head. Heart attack, he explained. He jumped down off the coach, grabbed one of
the old womans skinny ankles, and dragged her body out the door. It fell with a thump, arms akimbo, onto the
road. Genia watched this with a stunned
expression, too shocked to even object.

Ramni had a funny
smile on her broad face. Maybe if youd
yelled a little louder all three of them would have croaked off, she told
Straw. Pack it up and leave it where it
is, she called up to Gui, who was picking through an
ornate chest. Were taking the coach.

Good, Gui called back. She
wore longsleeve canvas coveralls, brown, stained with dirt and sweat. Her black hair was in a shaggy bowlcut,
obscuring her face whenever she leaned forward.
Only her lined face betrayed her age, her wiry body could have been that
of a woman half her age. As she jumped
down from the roof, barefoot as usual, Straw climbed back into the coach.

Youre certainly
not going to leave her there! his young captive said indignantly, pointing at
the body sprawled beside the coach.

Sure I am. Itll give the buzzards something to
eat. Take off your clothes, Straw told
her. He began unbuckling his leathyr
jacket. Her mouth opened in shock.

I will not! she
said in outrage. She sat rigid in her
seat, haughty, then her eyes spotted the open carriage
doorway. She lunged for it. Straw caught her easily with one arm around
her chest and tossed her back into the coach.
She landed on her knees in front of the bench seat, and yelped in pain
as Straw, with one big hand, pushed the side of her face into the seat.

Hey! she
yelled. You--! With one locked arm he kept her head wedged
against the seat. With his other hand he
began pulling her robe off.

She cursed and
struggled, but her efforts were weak and half-hearted. It was as if she couldnt believe it was
happening to her.

Under the robe she
wore a whisper-thin white silk undershirt and shorts. She had a nice shape, slender but not too
skinny. More to his liking, she was
clean and smelled of flowers.

You cant rape
me! Genia protested, her face mashed against the seat
cushion. Shed stopped trying to pull
away his hand and now gripped the edge of the seat with her fingers.

So stop fighting,
and then it wont be rape, Straw said with a wicked grin. You cant rape the willing. It was one of his favorite phrases. Ramni climbed into the coach and shut the
door firmly. She eyed the girls shapely
backside sheathed in silk and sat out of the way in the corner. The coach jerked into motion under Marcos
command.

Straw pulled
Genias silk shorts down to her knees and then fumbled with his zipper. Dont tell me youre a virgin, he said with
a laugh. Although if she said she was,
and he believed her, he might have to leave her alone. Virgins werent hard to come by in the
western plains, but finding one her age was almost unheard of. She could fetch a steep price.

Well, no, Genia
said. But, I mean, it isnt right! Are you a barbarian?

Straw spit onto
his fingers and rubbed it onto his organ, then spit again and worked it into
her folds. Genia gasped, more out of the
shock at being touched there than anything else.

If I was I
wouldnt have used spit, Straw said with a grin. 

Ramni
snorted. All this outrage from someone
riding in a coach being pulled by eight humans trussed up like livestock, she
spat.

Straw pressed the
head of his cock between Genias thighs and pushed in. Genia gasped again, but not in pain. He had used more than enough spit, because as
far as Straw was concerned a dry split just wasnt any fun.

Keeping one hand
pressed hard against her head Straw began roughly stroking in and out of
her. Genia cried out at his first pump,
and stiffened. She tried to pull her
hips away from him, but had nowhere to go.
She cursed, but seemed uncomfortable saying the words.

She might notve
been a virgin, but she sure hadnt been used much. Her glove was nicely snug around his organ as
he pumped her. Nice, he told her,
intending it as a compliment. Straw
reached underneath her, inside her silk undershirt, and squeezed Genias
breast. Grunting with each impact of his
loins, Genia gripped the seat edge until her knuckles turned white. She was panting as Straw Bent over her, and
he could see her staring at the wall.
Shed stopped fighting, stopped cursing, and Straw figured shed
accepted that events were beyond her control.
Then he noticed something else.

Youre all wet!
he said in surprise. And not just
wether hole had loosened up around him as well, sure
sign she was nowhere near tense. It
couldnt just be inexperienceshe had to be downright stupid. Captured by bandits, her Mistress dead . . .
didnt she know they could just as well have killed her as taken her
along? What the hell was she doing
getting wet during a rape? Had she no
sense of self-preservation?

Genia didnt
respond, and looked as much away from him as she could. She said nothing. For once in her life something exciting was
happening to her! She couldnt help but
respondit had been too long for her, and the amusements west of the River had
been sorely lacking. Shed never had a
hairy man, didnt like hairy men, but that was a minor point when compared to
the size of him, his forcefulness, his willingness to treat her like a toy, use
her for his own pleasure. The thought of
what might be in store for her had her on the edge already. Not dangershe knew theyd never really hurt
her. If only he knew . . . but no, she
couldnt tell him. And she had to try to
restrain her impulses, they might get her in trouble.

Youre kidding,
Ramni said.

The little twist
likes it! Straw said, fucking harder. Shes a swamp. He came with loud grunts, banging hard
against Genias ass.

Youre not using
the twizzler? Ramni said in disbelief.
Straw checked the controls of the metal web covering the back of his
right hand.

No.

Breathing hard, he
pulled out of the young handmaiden and sat on the edge of the seat. Her ass cheeks were pink where hed been
banging against them, and the dark furrow between her legs glistened.

Come over here
and clean off my cock with your tongue, he ordered Genia. She slowly straightened up, and half turned
toward him. There was a lot of color on
her cheeks, and her nipples were hard against the silk undershirt.

No, she said
firmly, glancing at his slimy tool. I
wont do that. I Ramni grabbed her shoulder and shoved
her toward Straw.

Whats the
matter, too good to suck cock? Ramni snarled.

Straw turned on
the twizzler, set it to one-tenth power, and placed his hand on Genias
shoulder.

Trust me, youll
really like it, he said with a knowing grin.

As soon as his
hand had drawn near, even before it touched her shoulder, Genias expression
had gone soft. She looked down at his
half-hard, slimy cock laying in a bed of midnight black pubic hair, and shuddered. 

IIm not going
to service . . . .  she stuttered. Thats not what . . . .

Straw removed his
hand, and suddenly she felt empty, depressed.

All I want you to
do is suck it, Straw said again, switching the twizzler to one-quarter power
and touching her again, this time placing his hand on the top of her head. The joy that had coursed through her before
now bloomed again. She was not only
aroused, wet and throbbing, she was happy, happy in a
way she hadnt been in years, since she was a little girl. The feeling that flowed through her, it was
like nothing had ever been wrong or ever could go wrong. Under the gentle pressure of his hand she
bent forward and put her mouth on his wet cock head, and it tasted
horrible. She made a face and
straightened up, and the sense of joy and pleasure and well-being suddenly
vanished. She felt empty, and wanted to
cry.

Suck my cock and
itll make you happy, Straw told her.
He kept his hand to one side. He
wanted her to take the initiative, make the move, it would mean that the hold
hed have over her would just be that much stronger.

The twizzler was a
simple device. It electrically
stimulated the pleasure center of the brain.
When turned to full power the person receiving the signal froze in
ecstasy that was far beyond that of a simple orgasm. It was everything that gave them pleasure and
joyfood, music, sextimes one thousand.
The tool had been developed to train difficult ponies, but their use was
discouraged as the mounts tended to become addicted.

Straw had bent all
the women in his group to his will with the twizzler, even the ponies. Ramni hated him for it, for making her a
slave to her desire for just one more jolt.
Shed thought of killing him and cutting it off his hand, but knew it
ran off the electricity his body generated, and wouldnt work for anyone else. She didnt have the skills to reprogram it,
so she was a willing slave to it, and Straw.

Genias head
slowly bent down, and the second her lips touched him his hand touched the top
of her head. She stiffened as much in
pleasure as surprise as the sensations of the twizzler at one-tenth power
buzzed through her head.

Yes, thats good,
good, he crooned to Genia. The taste,
the texture, the smell of him repulsed her, but still she found herself
enjoying the act, and the harder she worked at pleasing him the more pleasure
it brought her. She had seen the act
performed hundreds of times, of course, but this was a first for her. She was awkward, and forgot her teeth at
times, but the more she threw herself into it the more pleasure wracked her
body.

Oh yeah, oh yeah,
take it you little twist, Straw growled, as Genia pounded her face down on his
stiff cock. Strings of drool ran from
her lips to his balls as she labored under the twizzler set on one-third power,
applied directly to her head. Hed been
told one-third felt like being on the verge of orgasm while being told you were
suddenly Royal rich. He couldnt use the
twizzler on himselfand didnt want tobut the information was useful.

Ramni took off her
leathyr vest, revealing pendulous breasts whose nipples sported multiple
piercingstwo holes per nipple, one horizontal, one
vertical, each filled with two or three rings or barbells. She stood up to take off her dusty leathyr
pants, revealing a forest of piercings between her legs, so many theyd
stretched her labia grotesquely. Most
were rings or barbells. From several
hung small pointed lead weights on short chains that she ducked down her
pantlegs when clothed.

Ramni hated
piercings, thought they were ugly and useless, and had said as much soon after
meeting Straw and his band of outlaws.
That was before shed experienced the twizzler. Ramni had done all the piercings
herself. Each one meant five minutes of
the twizzler at full power, but she was running out of places to pierce. Her ears were full, as were her nipples, and
there was so much steel between her legs she couldnt close them properlyshe
jingled when she walked. Her nose was
next, shed decided, then her eyebrows.
The four studs in her tongue were more than she had room for, really;
the last had migrated out, leaving her with a tiny fork in her tongue.

She knelt behind
Genia and eyed her appraisingly. Her
fingers were broad and calloused, like a mans, but they slid easily into the
young womans folds. Genia groaned and
continued her frantic head bobbing.

Shes like a
waterfall, Ramni told him. Straw could
hear the squelching as Ramni worked her fingers inside their new find. He smiled, and began instructing his charge
on the finer techniques of fellatio. She
was energetic, but lacked skill. That,
he knew, would change quickly.
















 
  Jim Tarr
   jim
  2
  13
  2007-03-01T14:21:00Z
  2007-03-01T14:21:00Z
  1
  3277
  18685
  155
  43
  21919
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

  THE LOST PRINCECHAPTER 23

&nbsp;

Contented with the large portion of jerky hed been
allowed to eat during the midday
meal, Daka sank contentedly onto his seat as the
carriage jerked forward. According to
the maps they had twenty-two miles to cover before the next water station,
where they planned to stop for the night, which meant traveling at least three
hours before the next rest break.

The Sempai seemed unruffled by her late night, but
her aide was even more withdrawn than usual.
What exactly had happened in the tent Daka
didnt know, but hed seen enough in his short life to make a good guess. Pipa stared at the
floor, never once looking up, her hands clasped in her lap.

The Sempai and Dakas
Mistress kept exchanging cryptic looks all through the morning. As the ponies jerked the carriage forward
once more the women exchanged another look.

Daka, take off your
clothes, Lady Koho ordered.

His head jerked up, a look of surprise on his
face. What Mlady?

Take off your clothes, she repeated. It has come to our attention that young Pipa here has a serious lack of sexual experience, which
could hamper her objectivity at the seed farm.
Daka loosened his robe and pulled it over his
head, not sure exactly what was coming next.
Pipa sank even lower in her seat and looked to
be trying to pull her head inside her robe.

The Sempai looked him over with a blank gaze,
thinking that the robe disguised just how muscled Dakas
lean body was. Shed seen huge numbers
of bare young men as part of her duties, and physically, in comparison, Daka was unremarkable.
The hopes and expectations heaped on him, however, added unexpected
emphasis to everything he did and was.
The tattoo on his shoulder appeared exactly as it should, but she didnt
want to display too much interest in it.
Not yet.

That too, Lady Koho
said, nodding. Daka
looked down at his loincloth, then back up at the audience. With a mental shrug he undid the knot and
pulled his loincloth off too, tossing it onto the robe piled on the seat. The two women stared at him, frankly
evaluating all that he had uncovered. Daka wasnt sure what he should be doing, or what he should
look at. It seemed safe to watch Pipa, who was trying to disappear inside her robes.

The Sempai tilted her head to the side and
squinted. Ringed?

Yes, Lady Koho said.

I had forgotten.
Wise decision.
Well, well need a container.

Dakas Mistress produced
an ornamental teacup, handleless, glazed a cherry
red. Will this do? Do we need something . . . specific?

The legend does not say. I suppose this should do as well as anything
. . . unless it needs to be delivered directly, with no waystation
in-between. Again, the legend does not
say. I suppose we may have to
experiment. She took the cup, stared
into it for a few seconds, then handed it to Daka. He examined
the cup curiously. Pipa
peeked out from under her bangs, saw Daka was still
nude, and ducked down again.

Fill it with your seed, his Mistress told Daka. Confusion knit
his eyebrows together, and he looked into the cup again.

My seed?

Yes.

There was a long pause. You want me to fill this? Um . . . .

No, not fill it, his Mistress said, losing
some of her composure. But put your
seed in it. Stroke yourself. We need your seed for . . . something. This dunce was supposed to be the Lost
Prince, the latest in the true bloodline?

And you are to watch, the Sempai ordered her
assistant, who had nearly disappeared inside her robe. Pipa cheeped and
twitched. You were an embarrassment to
me last night, and I will not have it happen again. How are you to learn of the world if you
never look past your nose? Such a
commotion over what should be as natural to you as breathing. Do you want another hiding? Your bottom still must be striped from last
night. No? Then sit up, pull that hair out of your eyes,
and watch.

Daka was at a loss as to
how to proceed. The ringing left his
organ curved unnaturally. Not only did
it keep him from inserting his tool into anything, it made it very difficult for
him to grasp his shaft. He finally
settled into an overhand hold and began tugging at his flesh. The audience made him a little anxious, their
proximity as much as anything else, but he dutifully
and awkwardly tugged at himself until his organ responded.

Pipa, not wanting another
beating, had straightened up slightly, and was watching Daka
stroke himself through the ends of her bangs, but more as one stares in
fascination at a disfigured person than with desire.

Watching the three women watching him masturbate was
a little too much for Daka. He sank to his knees on the floor and placed
the cup beneath himself, and stared at it as he pumped his hand around his
curled shaft.

Big, Sempai Nodo
murmured, too soft for Daka to hear. Lady Koho
nodded. The Sempai opened her mouth to
say more, but relented, and just watched quietly. She and Lady Koho
sat side by side on the bench seat, elbows nearly touching, as quiet as if they
were praying in a place of worship. The
carriage rolled along smoothly, the thud of the ponies hoofboots
faint below the crunch of the wheels on the gravel-strewn road. Outside the windows rolling
fields passed by, interrupted by small clumps of trees. Here and there late-blooming wildflowers
added dashes of color.

The carriage swayed and rocked gently on well-oiled
springs as Daka, breathing heavily, hunched
over. Unbidden, images of the mounts
pulling the carriage sprang into his mind, of them as they lay together in the
water station stable two nights previous, panting and rubbing against each
other. As if she was
still there Daka could feel the wet glove of the
tattooed mounts sex around his hand, clenching and bucking. They were all just a few scant feet away,
running easily, their toned bodies slick with sweat,
big thigh muscles bunching with each step, breasts bouncing, bouncing.

With a hiss Daka pushed
the ceramic cup against the purple head of his organ, just as the first ivory
stream leapt from its tip. His body
trembled as he kept pumping his bowed shaft.
To his surprise, somehow, blindly, he managed not to spill any of his
seed on the carriage floor.

He held the cup, panting, and examined the
results. The ivory fluid which clung to
the ceramic seemed so paltry compared to the effort required to produce
it. Sempai Nodo
demanded the cup and he handed it over, still somewhat bewildered at the turn
of events. This was a far cry from the
duties of a stablehand.

Sempai Nodo peered at the
seed hed squirted in globs into the cup with a professionals eye, but his
product looked no different to her than any other seed shed examined. She held the cup out for Pipa
to take, but Pipa inched away, poorly disguised
disgust on her face.

You take this, the Sempai growled. You tasted the drivers seed last
night. I want you to see how each man
tastes different, yet the same.

But Sempai, what has this to do with becoming a
court historian? Pipa squeaked, still unwilling to
take the cup.

This is history, the Sempai snapped. Dont question me. Do you want another beating?

Pipa took the cup, looked
into it, then tipped it on its side. Nothing dripped out. She looked at her elder.

Use your fingers, Sempai Nodo
instructed. She and Lady Koho watched intently as the young woman distastefully
dipped her fingers into the cup. They
came out glistening with Dakas thick seed.

Lady Koho and the Sempai
both held their breath as Pipa stuck her fingers into
her mouth. She grimaced at the tangy,
salty stuff, but swallowed it dutifully.
The two women perched on the edge of the seat and stared at Pipa, waiting for any sign, any change in her expression, anything. There was nothing.

Eat it all, Sempai Nodo
said, voice dull. She was the foremost
authority on the Lost Prince, but nowhere did the legend say exactly what
effect the Princes seed would have.
Maybe it should have been put into a ceremonial bowl first. Maybe she should have been the one to urge
his seed forth. The problem was she
didnt know. Waiting until they were in
the middle of nowhere had seemed a good idea when shed discussed Daka with Lady Koho at the
estate, but maybe theyd made a mistake.
Maybe they should have stopped the carriage, done it in camp, but the
Sempai wanted to keep their suspicions about Daka
secret, from everyone, even her driver, for as long as possible.

Pipa finished the cup,
licking her fingers clean one final time, and held the cup out. Sempai Nodo took it
from her, examining Pipas face closely, looking for
any sign that Dakas seed was different than any
other mans.

Well?

Pipa shrugged and made a
face. It tasted no different than the
drivers. Salty,
unpleasant. She squirmed a
little as the two women continued to stare at her, and she looked down at her
own hands. The boy was still kneeling on
the floor, nude, and she turned away from him.
She knew he was a slave, and so hardly counted as a person, but men made
her nervous, and nude men, well . . . . Prior to the start of this journey, shed
only ever seen two, and both of those were slaves being beaten.

Lady Koho glanced at the
Sempai, who frowned and stared out the window at the passing scenery. Finally she sighed, and her shoulders
sank. I suppose it was too much to
hope, she muttered, and looked at Lady Koho.

Lady Koho pinched her lips
together, then reluctantly nodded. Put your clothes on, she snapped at Daka, and sat back on the bench. Where do you suppose he got the tattoo?

The Sempai shook her head. The Legend is no secret. I suppose someone hoped to make some money
off of him. Maybe he brought a high price
when he was a child.

I dont know what to think anymore, Lady Koho lamented.
Barbarians attacking clan members, the Queen making ill-informed
decisions, Berserkers on the road . . . .

You had high hopes for him, the old woman
said. It wasnt a question. Lady Koho shrugged
and looked down.

Im not a young woman anymore, and my Clan does not
have the voice in the royal court that it once did. She looked up, and waved a hand around. This trip was to buy me time to think, but.
. . . Her voice trailed off, and her
eyebrows came together. The Sempai
turned to see what she was staring at.

Pipa sat in her corner
still, staring out from under her bangs as usual, but now she was staring at Daka as he pulled his robe on. Her chest rose and fell as she pulled in one
deep breath after another.

Sempai Nodo turned the
rest of the way around and watched her student.
In a month shed never seen Pipa more than
glance at a man, and now she was staring at Daka,
mouth partway open, and nearly panting.

Suddenly she sat up and began undoing her robe, as
if shed forgotten there were other people inside the carriage with her. The grey robe came open and she slid it down
her shoulders, revealing a thin white undershirt beneath. As she pulled that over her head Lady Koho snuck a glance at Daka. He was oblivious to what was happening, and
had just finished fastening his robe about his waist.

Pipa had a skinny, pale
body, with small, almost boyish breasts tipped with pale pink nipples. In fact, with her narrow hips and short hair,
her breasts were the only thing that kept her from being mistaken for a
boy. She stood up, and let the robe
bunched around her waist fall to the ground.
Daka saw her now, saw
her bend over to tug the loose white shorts off her hips. She stepped out of the shorts and moved toward
Daka, who was frozen in place. The Sempai reached up to stop her student,
but her hand halted in midair.

Pipa sank to her knees
beside Daka and immediately began tugging at his
robe. He blinked in surprise and didnt
know what to do other than stare. As she
fought the loose knot holding his robe closed Daka
watched her small breasts, just inches away, jiggling enticingly. A faint downy wisp of hair was all that
adorned her mound.

Pipa, what are you doing?
the Sempai called out.

I need him, she mumbled in response. Her eyes were remote, almost vacant to Daka as she finally succeeded with trembling hands in
undoing the knot of his sash. Her hands
whipped his robe apart, then began tearing at his
loincloth.

Pipa, stop that this
minute, the elder commanded, watching intently. Pipa gave no sign
shed even heard her. Pipa! Stop that this instant!
Pipa mumbled something unintelligible and kept
on. Daka
searched out his Mistress gaze, looking for guidance. She held her palm out, telling him to stay
put.

Young lady, stop touching him right now or I will
have you beat bloody, the Sempai threatened, and then watched to see what
effect the threat had.

Pipa pressed her thighs
together and started bobbing up and down as she tugged at the knot around his
waist, but ignored her teachers threats.
The lust, the fire between her legs, in her head, was almost more than
she could bear, and she had no thought for anything other than Daka. As she bent
over him, frantically tugging at the knot of his loincloth, she squeezed her
thighs together over and over, pressing against her sex. As the knot came undone the first trickle
escaped her folds, running down the inside of her thigh. It caught the sunlight coming in through the
window, and both older women saw it.

Pipa pushed him over onto
his back and grabbed at his still stiff organ, trying to free it from its
bonds. She half-squatted over him, and
tugged fiercely at his big organ, needing it inside her. She couldnt think, couldnt breathe, all she
knew was she wanted him, had to have him.

Ow. Ow! Hey! Daka yelled as she yanked on his bound organ so fiercely
his backside left the floor.

All right, thats enough, the Sempai said. She leaned forward and grabbed Pipas arm. Boy,
help me, she commanded Daka. Pipa had resorted
to grinding her sex against the curving shaft of his tool, gasping and moaning
like she was on the verge of death.

Pipa fought ferociously,
but finally Daka and his Mistress got the skinny
adept pinned down in the corner. The
Sempai had tried to help, but hadnt near the strength required to fight the
bucking young woman.

Fuck me, give it to me, Pipa
entreated Daka, who was bent over her, restraining
one arm and one leg, sweaty from the struggle.
She licked his forearm like a wild animal, which was all she could
reach, and shuddered at the taste of him.
Daka was shocked at the transformation that
had occurred in her, from a mousy little thing afraid to even meet his eyes to
a sex-crazed beast he could barely keep contained.

Lets see if this calms her down at all, the
Sempai said, kneeling before her adept, who was bent nearly double and yet
still struggled.

Spitting on two of her knobby fingers the Sempai
deftly slid them into the inflamed sex of her assistant. The spit was unnecessary; she was as wet as a
river, and hot as a kettle of boiling soup.

Using just two fingers, the old woman displayed an
expertise learned over a lifetime as she stroked her adepts inflamed
flesh. Pipa
screamed and grunted and fought as her teachers nimble fingers quickly brought
her to three explosive climaxes. After
the last she went almost limp and stopped trying to fight her way back onto Dakas tool, but the Sempai wasnt satisfied; slowly and
gently she worked the young adept to climax again not once but twice, until the
skinny body was limp in their arms and Pipa seemed
hardly aware of her surroundings. Daka and Lady Koho lifted her
thin body onto the bench seat where she slumped, dazed and blinking slowly like
a fish long out of water. Her body
glistened with sweat, but she wasnt alonethey all were slick with the stuff
after wrestling with her for three quarters of an hour.

The Sempai produced a decorative kerchief and mopped
her brow, then offered it to Lady Koho. The ends of the Ladys hair were damp where
they touched her forehead. The effort of
restraining the slender assistant had her sweatier than shed been in
monthsthe girl had writhed like a snake the entire time, fighting to get to Daka until all her reserves had been spent.

The women wiped their faces and hands, eyeing Pipa, as Daka sat back down on
the opposite bench.

Well, my heart is filled with hope now, the Sempai
said carefully. But I fear we may have
unforeseen problems on our hands. She
was looking at Pipa, who sat sprawled on the bench,
legs splayed apart. She seemed slowly to
be coming around.

What happened to her? Daka
asked. The young aide was seemingly
unaware that she was without clothes or that she was displaying her swollen and
still juicy sex to all in the coach, which was filled with the smell of her.

She has . . . come into season, his mistress told Daka.

Shes fertile?

Maybe. It is difficult to explain. Be quiet now, boy. She turned to the Sempai. If when she recovers her behavior is
unchanged were going to have to bind her.

Let us wait and see, the historian said. The legend says that women who eat of . . .
it . . . lose their will. It makes no
mention of an all-consuming lust. Maybe
that is just an initial, temporary condition.

What if his issue is delivered to other . . .
orifices? Will the effect be the same?

The legend only says females who eat of his
seed. It makes no mention of normal
intercourse having the same effects, but remember,
were talking of legend here. What is
true and what is embellishment, expanded over time, I know not. Until now I never realized how many important
details were lacking.

Well, the legend as we have learned it is
apparently no mere fancy, Lady Koho observed.

Apparently, the Sempai agreed. She studied her student as Pipa slowly sat up.
As soon as her eyes found Daka she sat up and
moved to his side. The Sempai held a
staying hand up to both Daka and his Mistress.

Pipa sat on the bench next
to Daka and pressed herself to him. She nuzzled his neck and kissed his ear,
making him squirm. Her arms hugged and
caressed his shoulders and body, but she did not try to attack his manhood as
before. Daka
seemed very nervous, unsure of what to do with the young woman hanging on him.

Boy, my assistant seems to be in some sort of
delirium, Sempai Nodo told him. I want you to help me determine just how . .
. out of sorts she is. Tell her to do
something you think she would find . . . distasteful.

MLady?

What is she whispering into your ear? his Mistress
asked. Shed finally noticed Pipa was murmuring fervently to him, eyes half closed,
nearly sitting atop him. Daka was greatly discomfited.

She seems to think I am royalty, he told the
ladies with some distress. Shes saying
My Lord, My Master, uh . . . I am yours.
Daka was so uneasy he could barely get the
words out.

Well, tell her something, boy, the Sempai
instructed him. Pipa
seemed to be trying to wrap all of her limbs around him as he sat on the coach
bench.

I, uh . . . . he said, eyeing the skinny young
woman burrowing into his side.

Tell her, boy! the Sempai spat. 

Uh, mlady, mlady, he said to Pipa,
grabbing her shoulder to get her attention.

Her names Pipa.

Pipa. Pipa!

Pipa stopped her frantic
nuzzling and looked up into his eyes.
Yes my Lord?

Daka was at a loss as to
how to proceed. Sempai Nodo, for her part, was convinced Daka
was the One, and his seed was true, if for no other reason than her mousy young
assistant who yesterday couldnt bear to be touched by a man and seemed to have
no interest in sex had changed in just a few seconds to this elemental creature
who sat naked before them, sweat drying on her body. But what kind of sway his issue held over
herthat was the question. But Daka, for his part, was used to taking orders, not giving
them.

Daka, you clod, stand up
and tell her to clean you with her tongue, Lady Koho
directed him. Take your robe off.

Better still, the Sempai saide,
have her clean your backside.

MLady?

You heard her, Lady Koho
snapped. Daka
now stood in the center of the coach, his robe around his feet. Pipa sat on the
seat and gazed adoringly up at him.

Uh, Pipa, he said
hesitantly. He glanced at the two women
scowling at him. You heard the
Sempai. Um . . . clean me.

Oh, thank you My Lord. Pipa dropped to her
knees on the floor, scooted around behind him, and immediately buried her face
between his cheeks. She took hold of his
thighs to stay close as the cabin gently swayed on the road.

The two women watched the comical series of
expressions running across Dakas face. He reached up and put his hands on the
ceiling to keep his balance. After
another minute he spread his legs wider, and his eyes half closed in pleasure.

Is she using her tongue? Lady Koho
asked.

Yes, mlady.
Pipas face was hidden behind his hips.

Have her put it deep in your dirt hole, the Sempai
said.

Unnh. Its there now, mlady,
he said with a little effort. The veins
from his hard curving shaft told the women just what he thought of the
treatment he was getting.

Will her . . . willingness fade after the seed
shes eaten is digested completely? Or
is the effect permanent?

I dont know, the Sempai admitted. There is much that I do not. Does it affect all women to the same degree,
for instance.
How much of his squirt needs to be eaten for the effect to occur? If we had but another with us to spare . . .
but neither of us dare risk it, and I dont think its wise to try it with a
pony while on the road.

I agree.

Daka. Boy!
Is your backside clean enough now?

Unh. Ahh. Uh, yes, he
grunted. He was ready to come at any
second, but didnt want to reach down and touch himself without permission.

Good. Have
her come around and clean your front now.
You can touch her if you wish.
The Sempai murmured to Lady Koho, Lets see
if more seed doubles the effect on her, or if it just goes down like so much
snot.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  AlwaysCocked


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





