BDSM Library - Jake by Me




Jake by Me
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jake is upended by two brats.
Jake by Me, part 1

------- All characters are 100% fictional.  Please do  not reprint without
attributing authorship to Enos  Quill.  Comments are welcome. ------- 

Cheryl just hoped they didn't get pulled over.  She  shouldn't have been driving
at all - not on a  learner's permit, especially not in her daddy's new 
mega-SUV.  And that stuff going on in the back was so  fucking distracting; she
could barely force herself  to even glance at the road in front of her.  She 
adjusted the rearview mirror away from the splayed  crotch of her friend
Lindsay, sprawled as she was  across the back seat, her hands gripping the back
of  Jake Slogun's head, humping his face in a frenzy. She  moved the mirror so
that it was focused on Jake's  naked ass, that beautiful ass, that all-state 
basketball ass -- soon to be, after the summer, an  Ivy League ass -- that ass
she had often fantasized  about over the last two years, maybe not in this 
situation exactly, but who could have ever imagined  this great stroke of luck?  
Now that muscular ass was hopelessly, rhythmically  pumping, full tight balls
flashing into view between  straining thighs, revealed asshole winking at her, a 
magnificent sight but for the helpless, tightly bound  hands just above it;
magnificent but, at the same  time, pathetic.  Just too fucking awesomely sweet, 
Cheryl thought, and turned off the road onto a dirt  lane, into the woods.

Lindsay, for her part, was oblivious of everything  but the continuous roaring
in her cunt. She pulled  Jake's face as hard as she could into her pussy, even 
in between her cums, when she would hold him  forcefully against her and feel
herself building  again as he struggled to catch his breath.  She raised her ass
off the seat and forced her asshole onto his lips.  "Lick it, slut," she
demanded, and said it again when he hesitated, and then again and again until
his tongue was pushing obediently up into her.  "Oh fuck yeah," she moaned.

Jake was feeling very much like a slut. He hadn't  asked for this, that's for
sure.  From the first time  he had seen Cheryl and Lindsay, when he was a junior 
and he and his jock friends were checking out the  incoming freshman girls, he
knew there was something  about them.  They were scrawny but pretty back then, 
and inseparable -- but there was something else about  them, something crazy,
like they were two wild little  leopard cubs frolicking amidst the sheep of
their  classmates.  They had walked right up to Jake and his  hulking friends,
looking up at them without a trace  of shyness, and asked for a cigarette. 

Jake wasn't surprised when Cheryl and Lindsay hooked  up with Trina, his
sometime nemesis.  They made an  unholy triumvirate, and all the other girls
said they  were sluts, although Jake didn't know of any guy who  had actually
boned one of them.  But the rumors were  rampant, and Jake figured that where
there was smoke,  fire couldn't be far beneath.

Trina was a year ahead of Cheryl and Lindsay, a  tough, bronzy, hard-bodied girl
with a trash mouth  but a truly awe-inspiring intellect.  Even though she  was a
year behind Jake, she was in many of his  advanced placement classes.  She
almost always argued  against whatever answer or opinion he gave in class,  and
he thought she disliked him, until this past  spring when she asked him to go to
the prom with  her.  He thought she was joking; he had laughed and  told her to
get in line behind all the other girls.   She hadn't said one word to him since,
and she hadn't  gone to the prom either.  He was thankful she wasn't  here to
see him like this.

So today, when Jake had been walking downtown on this  warm sunny summer day
with a hard-on that had sprung  out of nowhere and for no reason, thinking that
he  now knew what it meant to be the cock of the walk,  crazy Cheryl and Lindsay
happened on him.    They cruised by him in a massive new SUV, music  thumping.
Lindsay hung out the passenger window  and asked if he could buy beer.  He said
sure, and  that was true -- his cousin Chester worked at a  package store on the
other side of the lake.  

"Would you buy for us?" she asked.  He said -- his  hard-on talking for his
brain -- that he might do  anything for them.  An answer that was cool but 
magnanimous, ambiguously open-ended, in keeping with  the image Jake had
assiduously fashioned for himself.   The back door instantly sprang open, and
Jake climbed  inside with the two high school wet dreams come true.

Well, for Jake at least, they were wet dream caliber  girls.  Over the last two
years they had filled out,  no longer scrawny, but still with coltishly long
legs  and breasts that definitely held promise of the  bounty still to come.  He
sat in the middle of the  back seat, giving directions to his cousin Chester's 
store.  Lindsay sat sideways, one long leg doubled up  underneath her, her short
shorts indenting the silky  skin of her inner thighs.  She had acquired a golden 
glowing tan over the summer. Her tiny halter-top  exposed most of her small yet
exuberant breasts, her  nipples clearly outlined through the thin material.  
Cheryl wore a simple flowered shift of a dress, quite  short, and Jake was
immediately attracted by the way  it rode up her long toned thighs as she worked
the  brake and gas pedals.

They asked if he would buy them cigarettes too.  He  said, again, that he might
do anything for them.   Enigmatic, that's what I am, he admiringly told 
himself.

Cheryl jumped right on it, plainly skeptical. "That's  the second time you said
you'd do anything for us.   What's up with that?" 

He said he only had a few more days in town before he  left for college, so
anything they were up for, he  was up for.

Both girls sniggered.  "Oh yeah, Yale," Lindsay said,  "you'll come back with
your head up your ass." 

"Why don't you just stick your head up your ass for  us right now?" Cheryl said
derisively.

Fucking brats, Jake thought, they should be honored  that I would even talk to
them.  But he was above  responding to their petty barbs - he replied 
magnanimously that if it were physically possible to  stick his head up his ass,
he would gladly do it for  them.

Lindsay gazed at him steadily with a speculative look  that made Jake vaguely
uncomfortable. 

"It's not physically possible, of course," he added,  and laughed, suddenly
feeling very lame.

Lindsay smiled, but there was something condescending  in it. 

"Cool," she said, and turned away.

At the package store his cousin Chester unaccountably  got righteous with him,
fingering his new assistant  manager badge self-importantly, and launched into a 
harangue on the penalties for selling beer to  underaged persons such as
himself.  "And you better  hope I don't tell your Mom!" he yelled at Jake's 
retreating back.

Jake walked back to the truck and shamefacedly told  the girls the bad news.

"Fuck's sake!" Cheryl exclaimed, jumping out of the  vehicle.  "He'll sell me
beer." 

"Don't think so," Jake confidently replied. 

"Wanna bet?" Cheryl challenged.  She stepped right up  to him and pressed her
finger into his chest. "If I  come back with beer, will you really do whatever
we  want you to do?"

"Hell yes," Jake snorted, although he was feeling a  little back on his heels. 
"And if you don't?" he  challenged back.

"Then I won't make you walk home," she replied, and  pushed him out of her way.

Jake watched her long legs flashing away.  Her dress  barely covered her ass,
and he felt his balls churn  at the sight. What is with these brats, he thought,
his irritation only amplified by his horniness.  He  climbed into the back seat. 

Lindsay turned in her seat and leaned toward him.   "You had a hard-on when we
picked you up," she  whispered conspiratorially.

Jake's jaw dropped.  "Why would you think that?" he  asked, feigning shocked
innocence. 

"Cute little shorts don't hide much," she said, and  pointed at his crotch.  She
wiggled her finger, still  pointing right at his dick.  She looked expectantly 
at his crotch and licked her lips.

"Oh God," Jake sighed, "no fair."  His dick was  always one to reward any kind
of attention, and the  inevitable hardening began. He covered his crotch  with
his hands. 

"Don't!" Lindsay's voice snapped like a whip. Then  she smiled at him, all
sweetness, and said softly, "I  am a magician -- take your hands away, you
prude."   

Jake dropped his hands to his sides.  He could resist  anything but a dare.  A
Yale man has superior self- control, he smugly told himself, but his dick, the 
stupid piece of meat, behaved like there was a string  between it and Lindsay's
wiggling finger.  She moved  her finger in little circles and he found himself 
watching it intently. He was fully erect in ten  seconds. And he had to agree:
you could easily see  its outline through the fabric of the shorts.  She 
grinned triumphantly at him.

"Your dick likes my mojo!" she declared.

Jake jumped as Cheryl suddenly appeared, bearing a  twelve pack and a pack of
cigs. 

"You owe, you blow," she said. 

"He has another hard-on," Lindsay breezily informed  her. 

"No shit," Cheryl said, looking back at him.  "I  guess there's nothing they can
teach you at Yale you  don't already know."

Jake's mind was reeling.  These sixteen-year-old  chicks were dissing him, and
he couldn't muster a  comeback.  Worse, it was turning him on.

"How did you get Chester to sell you the beer?" Jake  asked, an attempt to
change the subject. 

"I told him I'd come back later and do whatever he  wanted."  She shrugged. "It
worked."

Lindsay nodded. "That always works."

Fucking Chester, Jake thought.  He's the one always  telling the grandparents
that he wants to be a  minister.

"Soooo," Cheryl said, "What is it that you are going  to do for us?" She paused,
her eyes widening  dramatically. "Oh, I remember -- you'll do ANYTHING  for us."

"Yeah," Lindsay said, lighting a cigarette.  She  coolly blew a puff of smoke at
him and gestured with  the cig at his crotch. "Entertain us," she said, that 
expectant look on her face again.

Jake's balls tingled, and he was suddenly acutely  aware of his erection, how it
was throbbing, and how  the two girls were as aware of it as he was.

"How?" he asked, a little breathlessly. 

The girls didn't answer, and in the tense, expectant  silence Jake started to
sweat. 

Finally Lindsay said, "Just do it."

"Do what?" Jake asked, his voice tight.

"You know," Cheryl said matter-of-factly.  "Just do  it slowly, one step at a
time. Tease us."

Jake did know.  Jeez, he thought, these girls must  still be playing doctor. 
They really are just bratty  little kids, he assured himself.  If that was the 
case, he was happy to further their education. 

He pulled his shirt up, then stripped it off.  Oddly,  he didn't feel
embarrassed, but really intensely  excited, not just about getting naked, but
doing it  for these girls.  They were so up-front, so  direct, that he couldn't
help but want to please  them. Even if they were bratty.

"Get up on your knees on the seat," Lindsay  suggested. 

"Yeah, fold the seatback down," Cheryl instructed. 

Jake folded the seat back - as huge as the vehicle  was, he still couldn't kneel
totally upright on the  seat but had to lean back with his knees widely  spread,
crotch front and center.

Cheryl ran her hand over his now bare stomach,  feeling the powerful ripped
muscles, then up to his  hard chest, and pinched a nipple.  She reached to his 
throat and squeezed it. 

Jake pulled away, startled, and she dropped her hand  to the waistband of his
shorts. She tugged at them. 

"C'mon," she said.

Her touch was electric.  Jake wished his erection  would go away -- it wasn't
cool to be this excited,  and especially not cool to be so obvious about it. 
Her hand at his throat -- he could still feel it.   That had unnerved him. But
things are as they are, to  be philosophic about it, and so he stripped his 
shorts down. His cock sprang through the opening of  his boxers, a thick 9
inches that arched up toward  the ceiling. 

"Oh yeah," Lindsay murmured appreciatively, twisting  her nipple.

Cheryl didn't hesitate at all to reach for his cock,  and she stroked it with an
exquisite, soft touch.   She liked how it filled her hand, its heat and 
hardness, its powerful pulse.  She licked her thumb  and rubbed the head back
and forth.  This is a man's  cock, she thought, not at all like the boys'
penises  she had been playing with up to now.

Jake clasped his hands behind his head, reveling in  the sensation Cheryl was
producing.  He rocked his  hips back and forth, pushing his cock at her, wanting 
more of her hand.

Cheryl cast a sidelong glance at Lindsay. "Slut, you  think?" she asked.

"Definitely," Lindsay answered.

"I think so too," Cheryl agreed.  She suddenly  plunged her hand into Jake's
boxers and pulled his  balls out. Jake gasped at the crushing strength of  her
grip. 

"Hey!" he protested, frozen in surprise.

She squeezed harder, causing Jake's whole body to  stiffen, pain shooting up
into his abdomen. 

"You are going to do anything we want you to do.  Say  yes," Cheryl commanded.

Jake was dumbfounded. He kept his hands, which he had  jerked from behind his
head, warily raised, careful  not to provoke her to cause greater pain to his 
balls.  Cheryl had morphed, in an instant, into some  vicious feral creature he
didn't recognize.  Her eyes  held a hard glitter, a chilling predatory look.

"Yes," he croaked.

"Good," she growled,  "Now stay absolutely still."

She reached into the center console with her other  hand and pulled out a
penknife, snapping it to the  base of his cock.

"Jesus!" Jake yelped. 

"You move, you lose," she said, and he knew she  wasn't joking. 

She traced the knife up and down and around his cock,  leaving thin red trails
on the taut skin. She slid  the blade through his slit, a terrifying passage, 
then pushed the tip against his balls.  Jake could  feel the sharp point
pressing into his testes.  He  thought, God, why don't I stop her?  But his cock 
was, if anything, even more engorged, and leaking  precum. He had never been
more excited in his life,  and that excitement overrode all fear.

Lindsay kept flicking her gaze from Jake's imperiled  cock and balls to his
eyes, and his eyes were telling  her a story.  "I think he'll be good, Cheryl,"
she  said, and was rewarded by a grateful look from Jake,  a look that
acknowledged the power she held over  his fate.  She felt a buzz begin to grow
in her cunt.

"Tie his hands," Cheryl said, twisting the knife.

"I'll be good," Jake squeaked, panicked at the  thought of being actually
helpless with these two.

"We know," Lindsay said, "but I WANT to tie you."   She held his eyes for a long
moment until he looked  down in silent surrender. 

Lindsay hurriedly pulled the laces out of one of  Jake's basketball shoes.  Her
hands were beginning to  shake, her pussy buzzing like it held a hive of bees.  
She crawled over her seat into the back with Jake.   Cheryl had moved the knife
back to Jake's cock, and  pinned it to his belly with the point just below his 
cock head. She stretched his balls out and away from  his body with her other
hand, and Lindsay could see  his balls turning purple in Cheryl's strong grip.

Lindsay pulled his arms behind his back and bound his  crossed wrists with
ferocious efficiency.

"Tie them tight," Cheryl advised. 

Jake felt he was falling, like in dreams he had where  he was plunging off a
cliff, and he feared he might  faint.  But the girls were swift and sure, and he 
found that somehow reassuring. 

Cheryl could feel Jake's body trembling.  She  couldn't believe they were
pulling this off.  She and  Lindsay and Trina had done other boys, of course,
but  they were all of a type that they knew they could get  away with it.  Sweet
shy boys who were amazed that  they were getting any kind of attention from
three  pretty girls. Afterwards, most would turn and hurry  away when they
encountered the girls, but others  would trail them like lost puppies, begging
for more.

Jake Slogun, though, was a different type.  He was  without a doubt the stud of
the school.  Even Trina  had a crush on him.  And now Cheryl had him by the 
balls. 

Cheryl watched his cock throb against the point of  the knife, threatening to
impale itself.  She fought  an impulse to push the knife home -- that would end 
the game right here.  So she laid the flat of the  knife across his shaft, and
made sure he could feel  the sharp edge pressing into the bottom of his glans. 

Lindsay knew how to tie people up.  She used a trick  she had discovered --
after securing his wrists, she  bent his pinkie fingers back and tied them that
way,  so if he struggled, the pain was immediate.

"Oh shit," Jake groaned, looking toward the package  store, "Chester." 

Cheryl whipped around to see Chester exiting the  store, headed for the truck. 
She jumped behind the  wheel, gunned the engine, and fishtailed out of the 
parking lot.

Jake fell back onto his bound hands and screamed.  Lindsay pulled him over onto
his stomach and  straddled him.  As they hit the road she pumped her  fist
exultantly in the air and cried out a victorious  rebel yell.

"Take his underwear off, Lindsay," Cheryl said,  looking in the rearview mirror,
"I want to see his  ass."

"Lift your hips," Lindsay commanded Jake, and she  swatted his butt.  She
stripped the boxers off.   "Spread your knees and keep your ass in the air," she 
ordered him.

Cheryl handed the knife back to Lindsay. "He's scared  of it," she said. 

They raced down the road, a maelstrom of warm windy  air blowing the girls'
hair. It gusted against Jake's  naked, upturned ass, a pleasurable sensation in
any  other circumstance, but now a terrifying reminder of  his helpless state.

Lindsay ran the knife blade over his ass cheeks as  she and Cheryl discussed
where to take him, making  little patterns on the tender skin, and let the point
slip down over his hole.  Jake jerked away.  Lindsay grabbed his cock, digging
her fingernails  painfully into it, and used it like a handle to  force him back
into the proper pose.

"Don't you dare move, slut," Lindsay threatened, "or  I'll cut you wide open."

Jake couldn't make his mind work.  All he could think  about was the
humiliating, vulnerable position he was  in.  Lindsay kept a hold on his cock,
using it to  push his ass up and against the knife at his anus.

They decided to go to Trina's place.  Jake howled,  and begged not to be taken
to Trina's house.  The  girls let him beg for a minute or two, asking him if  he
was scared of Trina, or had a thing for her,  and he babbled about the prom
mix-up, and that he  thought she might be mad at him, but mostly that he  knew
her too well for her to see him this way.   Lindsay abruptly shut him up with a
hard slap to his  dangling balls.

"Stupid slut," Cheryl chided him, "not Trina's house,  for fucks sake.  Just a
place she showed us."

"Why are you calling me a slut?" Jake asked, and  tensed for the punishment he
was sure Lindsay would  give him for speaking.  Of all the indignities he was 
suffering, it was being called a slut that bothered  him most.  Physical
domination he understood, that's  what sports are all about, but being
disrespected was  new to him.

"Oh, because you are definitely our slut now,"  Lindsay cooed at him.

A cell phone rang, playing "Whistle While You Work". 

"Yours," Cheryl said, and passed the phone back to  Lindsay. 

Lindsay looked at the phone display.  "Shit, not  now," she muttered. "Hi
Daddy," she animatedly  answered, her voice suddenly little girlish. "No, 
Cheryl and I are just playing with a new friend." She  idly tickled Jake's hole
with the blade point as she  talked, smiling as he flinched and at his struggle
to  stay still for her. "Her name is Jackie... I don't  know, I might be a
little bit late...Yes, I'll try to  be home in time for dinner... I talked to
Mommy  earlier... Love you too, Daddy." 

She handed the phone back to Cheryl.

"Now where were we?  Oh yeah."  Lindsay scooted back  and sat with Jake's head
between her legs.  "You are  confused as to why you are a slut." 

She unbuttoned her shorts and slid them off, then  took Jake's head in both
hands and pulled his face  into her crotch. 

"First, you are a slut because you are a pussy- eater."

Jake found his face suddenly buried in her panty-clad  pussy.

Lindsay's panties were already wet -- more than wet,  they were sopping.  He
breathed in her scent, sharp  and clean, mixed with lavender soap.  That was the 
last full breath he would get as his nose and mouth  were promptly sealed shut
by the clasp of her pussy  lips.  Her legs were vised tight around his head, but 
he could still hear her above him.

"Now do the slut thing -- open your mouth and lick." 

Jake had never had his face assaulted like this.  He  had a hard time even
parting his lips, the pressure  of her cunt was so great. And then she began to
grind  on him.  He thought his nose was being pushed back  into his skull.  She
rubbed her pussy in circles,  using his entire face for her pleasure, and then 
returned to humping and grinding on his mouth and  nose.  All of a sudden she
convulsed and gushed a  load of liquid that squirted and squished up into his 
nose.

She fell back as Jake coughed and sneezed and drew in  great gulps of air.

"Oh damn, I needed that," she said.  She looked down  at her drenched panties. 
"These aren't much good  now," she said brightly, and slipped them off.   She 
lifted his chin so that he was looking into her face. 

"Ok, let's try that again, but this time I don't want  to have to do all the
work," she chided him, and  pressed her naked cunt to Jake's lips.

Jake was seriously behind the curve of events.  As  Lindsay's slippery cunt was
making it's aggressive  demands of his tongue, his mind was just now 
registering the fact that Cheryl could have easily  cut his balls off.  And now
that his hands were tied,  he was helpless to fend off any further threats.  But 
through all his panicky thoughts, he had to  acknowledge that Lindsay had the
sweetest pussy he  had ever tasted.  Jake didn't know a girl could cum  this
many times.  She was still clamping him tight to  her, but not with the crushing
pressure she had  exerted earlier.  She shifted her hips and suddenly  her
asshole was on his mouth, demanding he stick his  tongue up her.  He had never
eaten ass before; he  hesitated as he sensed her acrid taste on his lips.   She
shoved his nose into it, and increased the  pressure. "Lick it, slut," she
ordered, and kept  repeating it, a perverted mantra.  Jake felt her hole  slowly
encompass his nostrils, and he frantically  began licking.  "Yeah," she sighed,
and  repositioned herself on his mouth.  She moaned. "Oh  fuck yeah."

Cheryl kept checking them in the rearview mirror as  she drove. Damn but Lindsay
is greedy, she thought.   The way she was wriggling around left no doubt that 
Jake had succeeded in sticking his tongue up her ass.   He must have a strong
tongue, she mused -- hopefully  it was long too. 

What really had her attention, however, was Jake's  cock, specifically the fact
that it hadn't softened a  bit, not even once, since it had first popped out of 
his shorts.  No other boy had been able to keep his  hard-on when Cheryl did the
knife thing to him. Hell,  the last boy's dick had shriveled back into his body, 
as had his balls.  She and Lisa and Trina had stepped and bounced on his stomach
to try and force his  goodies back out of the holes they had crawled up  into. 
She liked how that one cried, though.  Didn't  bawl like so many did -- just
some soft sobs, but  mostly silent tears rolling out of his big brown  eyes. 

Jake's ass was pumping away as Lindsay's asshole  sucked up more and more of his
tongue.  His jaws were  wide-open, almost disjointed, like in those films of  a
snake eating some poor creature twice it's size.   That has to hurt, Cheryl
thought.  Yet he was still  humping air, totally turned on. 

The little forest trail they were on became more and  more narrow, eventually
ending in a meadow.  Cheryl  stopped the car.

"We're here," she announced. 

Lindsay was oblivious -- she had somehow managed to  twist around onto her
stomach with Jake's tongue  still up her ass, furiously rubbing her pussy  as
Jake doggedly stroked his tongue further and  further into her. 

Cheryl grabbed Jake's balls and dragged him,  grunting, toward the front of the
car.  Lindsay  squealed in rage as his tongue came out of  her with a wet pop. 
She whirled around and walloped  his face with a full roundhouse blow. Lindsay's
eyes  were glazed, her face and chest flushed.  Cheryl  threw her arm in front
of Jake's face protectively as  Lindsay drew back to slap him again. 

"Lindsay!" Cheryl shouted. "Come back down, baby," she soothed her.  "We're
here."

Lindsay's eyes gradually cleared, and she sat back on  her heels, rubbing and
gripping her thighs  distractedly. "Okay," she said, "okay, okay, okay."

Cheryl pushed Jake's head back down into the seat.

"Get his other shoelace," she told Lindsay.

Jake's ears were still ringing from Lindsay's blow.  He felt Cheryl's hand on
his ass, rubbing it gently,  moving down between his legs, exploring.  She
cupped  his aching balls and with a shock, he felt her thumb  on his asshole,
pressing in.  He gasped.

Cheryl leaned over him, her thumb wiggling and  pushing against his tensed hole.
"We're going to take  you out of the car," she whispered in his ear.   "We're
doing it my way," and pushed her thumb into  him.  His asshole burned at the
intrusion, and he  found himself taking short, sharp breaths.  She  opened the
door and pressed her hand against his  bottom. 

"Go," she said.

Jake had never had anything up his butt before. He  couldn't breathe, think,
swallow his own spit, his  whole being focused on her casually brutal assault on 
his body.  It hurt and burned, and he felt he  couldn't take one more second of
it.  "Please," he said.

"Please what?" Cheryl asked impatiently, and rammed  her thumb into him,
prodding him to move.

Jake collapsed and spread his legs helplessly.   Cheryl's thumb was feeling like
a two-by-four in him.

"Please take it out," he said.

Cheryl loved how small his voice had become.  He was  splayed like a frog
beneath her, and she could feel  the muscles inside his rectum working to expel
her  thumb.  She placed her knee on the small of his back,  pinning him down,
and plowed her thumb in and out of his hole.

"You mean this?" she asked, jerking it inside him.

"Oh, ow, yes, yes," he hiccupped. 

"What a pussy," Lindsay said peevishly from the front  seat, where she was
unlacing Jake's other shoe. "It's  just a thumb, you dumb fuck."

Cheryl raked her thumb up and down and in and out of  him, harder and harder,
feeling him open more  and more to her, watching his butt cheeks tense and 
release helplessly to the pounding rhythm of her  invading thumb.

"Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah," Jake panted, his legs frog- kicking.  He began to babble.
"I'll be good. I'll be  good.  Oh please no, no more. Anything you want, I'll 
be good. Please, I'll be good. Please please  please please oh mommy please."

Cheryl's hair prickled, her eyes hard as marbles.  She felt her pussy grasping
inside, then a sudden wetness as the orgasm overtook and shuddered her, her
thumb jammed hard into him, leaning on it as her body convulsed. The waves raced
through her and receded. She let her thumb fall out of him.  Jake's legs snapped
shut, ass cheeks tightly clenched. He buried his face in the seat.

Cheryl leaned over him, her breath ragged. "Look at  me," she rasped.  Jake
twisted his head to the side  and one-eyed her.  She stuck her thumb under his 
nose.

"Kiss it," she said. 

A tear ran down his nose.  He kissed her thumb, a  tentative, soft kiss.

"Oh yeah," she breathed, "kiss it again, my slut." 

She slid her thumb back and forth between his lips.   Jake didn't resist - he
felt he was melting, melting  right into the seat.  He had no fight left in him.

She pried her thumb against his teeth.  "Open," she  demanded.  She scraped it
into his mouth.  "Now clean  it for me, suck mommy's finger."  She felt his
tongue  swirl around, and the pull of his sucking.  His cheek  hollowed with
each suck.  She marveled at how easily  he had given in to her.

Jake was tasting his own shit for the first time, but  it was okay, somehow. He
had let go of something, he  realized, and he felt like he was floating free.

End of Part 1




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Enos Quill


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





