BDSM Library - The Last Days of Miss Primrose




The Last Days of Miss Primrose
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An English teacher is abducted by a colleague she caught ogling high school girls and sold to an international snuff organization.THE LAST DAYS OF MISS PRIMROSE   
&copy;C. Smith 2004   
1. The Abduction  
 Damn! He hates to plan these things at the last minute. Too many things
  can go wrong. But she has to be done quickly and he has, after all, considerable
  experience at this sort of thing, although never before in haste or with someone
  he knows. Just means he has to be more careful and more clever. Besides, danger
  has always been part of the thrill, hasn't it?  
 So far he's been lucky. The self-righteous bitch was stupid enough to alert
  him of her intentions. Actually came into his room after all the students had
  cleared out, pranced right up to his desk so she could tell him in private
  that she'd been watching him.  
 "What do you mean, ogling  ?" he'd replied, as if shocked
  at the suggestion.  
 "Just what I said, Mr. Madden," she'd snapped back. "I've seen you ogling
  the students &mdash; or more specifically, the pretty female students &mdash; not
  only in the corridors but in the cafeteria. You probably do it right in your
  own classroom, too. It's outrageous! And if you don't put a stop to it, I'm
  going to say something to the principal."  
 Something in his look made her change tack slightly.  
 "It would be for your own good," she had weaseled. "I'm not saying you do
  anything more than look  , but imagine what could happen
  if one of those fifteen year old Brittany Spears wannabes decided she didn't
  like the grade you gave her in algebra and accused you of groping her? Do you
  imagine none of her friends would back her up with recollections of how you've
  been staring at their boobs and crotches? Never mind that everything they wear
  is shrink-wrapped. The point is that they wear that stuff for the benefit of
  the boys their age, not for a presumably grown-up teacher."  
 Two things had come into his mind. First and foremost, he had better suck
  up to this trouble maker and go for damage control. Second, he had never before
  had an opportunity to examine the foxy new English teacher up close. Miss Lili
  Primrose, he dutifully observed, was a striking beauty. Fresh out of college,
  she was probably no more than twenty-two or twenty-three, with hypnotic eyes
  that matched the dark chocolate of her long, flowing hair. She had pert lips,
  a small, sweetly upturned nose that perfectly complemented the delicacy of
  her oval face, and a figure that promised to be spectacular, even though it
  was cloistered, at the moment, in an austere, terribly professional suit.  
 He had torn his eyes away from her, adopted a stricken look and let his
  gaze drop to his desk in a convincing display of shame.  
 "I'm embarrassed," he'd said. "I guess I hadn't realized I was doing that.
  I mean, I don't really mean to stare at the girls, 'ogle' them, as you put
  it. But the way they dress these days, it's hard to look away sometimes. But
  you're absolutely right. It's a matter of propriety. I'll have to be more conscious
  of . . . of where my eyes are focused."  
 She backed off a little, her face softening. "They're only children, after
  all," she went on. Her indignation vindicated, she had slipped into her teacher
  mode. "We have to make sure they respect us as mentors. It's not appropriate
  that we appear to be appraising them sexually, even if their hormones are  at
  full throttle. It would break an important trust."  
 She had gone on, blathering sexual harassment shit, regurgitating the same
  anal crap the school department threw at them all the time, as if he'd just
  beamed down from Mars and had never heard it before. But he had kept his mask
  of shame in place.  
 "This is terrible. Are other teachers complaining about me," he'd asked
  meekly.  
 "No, not yet. But I can't believe they haven't noticed."  
 "You mean you haven't been discussing it with anyone?"  
 "No. I don't do gossip. I'm bringing it up with you in the hope that I won't
  have to go any further with it. But if I see you doing it again. I will  report
  it to the principal. What any one teacher does here reflects on all of us."  
 "Of course, of course!" he had agreed. "Thank you for your candor, Miss
  Primrose. I appreciate your telling me all this. I obviously need to control
  my male impulses better."  
 She'd been unable to resist another jab. "You need to remember that most
  of these girls are minors, and as a male you are vulnerable to serious consequences
  if you overstep the boundaries of your position."  
 He had looked directly into those magnificent eyes. "Absolutely. Again,
  I appreciate your bringing this to my attention. I won't forget."  
 And he has not.  
 He's been planning ferociously ever since.  
 She's a loose canon, far too dangerous to his career and avocation to be
  left bouncing around free. Fortunately, there's still time. The dumb bitch
  sealed her own fate when she admitted she hasn't yet mentioned her poisonous
  observations to anyone else. Now he just has to make sure she never does. But
  in doing so, it would be too bad to waste all that ripe young beauty. No problem.
  He knows just how to seal her mouth while putting her body to good use.  
 He happens to possess three bits of information that will make the project
  easier. He knows she has a boy friend and where he lives. He also knows her
  routines at the school.  
 Routine one. Like most suburban high schools, Geoffrey Bartholomew High
  has barely sufficient parking for the entire body of students, faculty and
  staff. Miss Lili Primrose had soon discovered that there's always a slot to
  be found out behind the maintenance building, and that it's not all that far
  from the classroom complex.  
 Routine two. For some reason she always stays late on Fridays, probably
  helping some dullard student. Unlike Byron. He's always off for a weekend of
  sport, sometimes the kind of sport they show on TV, sometimes the participatory
  kind in his hidden retreat.  
 But not today. Today he's still on the school grounds two hours after classes
  have ended. The school and the lot are empty. Except for Miss Primrose's silver
  Toyotta Echo and his own black SUV parked beside it.  
 Finally he sees her coming around the corner of the maintenance building,
  juggling her purse and her books, fishing for her car keys. He climbs out of
  his SUV.  
 "Hello, Miss Primrose."  
 "Hi." She looks puzzled. "What are you  doing here
  so late?"  
 "Same as you, I suppose. Unfinished business."  
 "Oh." she says, a little guiltily. Perhaps she has underestimated his concern
  for his students. "I mean, usually this parking area's deserted at this time
  of day. So you're working late?"  
 "Nope. I just wanted to show you something. This should be of interest to
  you."  
 They are standing beside her car now. He's on her right side and has been
  palming a huge veterinarian's syringe in his right hand, the type used for
  large animals, except that the needle has been clipped to a stub. He produces
  it as if from nowhere, like a magician. "See this?" He aims it at her car,
  pushes the plunger about a quarter of the way and a tight spray of liquid squirts
  out on to the door. The paint immediately begins to bubble up. It peels away,
  hissing and steaming.  
 "What are you doing?!" she shrieks.  
 He reaches behind her with his left hand and seizes her outside wrist in
  a painful grip. Then turns the syringe and points it at her face.  
 "It's filled with an acid concentrate," he informs her casually, "which
  will remove your face as effectively as that paint if you utter another word.
  Understand?"  
 She holds her breath, terrified.  
 "Put your other hand behind your back!" he orders, his voice suddenly fierce.  
 She does so quickly, staring intently at the syringe. A drop of liquid detaches
  itself from the end of the truncated needle and sizzles on the pavement at
  her feet.  
 He clamps a pair of plastic cuffs on her wrists, the type that have to be
  cut off. With a firm grip on her arm and the needle pointed at her head, he
  shoves her rudely into the back seat of his SUV. In a smooth motion perfected
  by long practice, he puts her into a half nelson, removes a chloroform soaked
  rag from a plastic baggy and clamps it over her mouth until she slumps unconscious.
  In another minute she is trussed up with belts around her ankles, knees and
  arms. He shoves a thick cotton sock in her mouth and secures it in place with
  clear wrapping tape wound around her head three times. Then he buckles a dog
  collar around her neck, attaches a chain leash to it and pushes her to the
  floor, wedging her between the front and back seats. He secures her neck to
  the floor track of the front passenger seat with the leash. A waiting length
  of rope secures her ankles to the seat track on the driver's side. He throws
  a blanket over her.  
 Several minutes later he is cooly passing through the well manicured residential
  outskirts of town looking for a certain unoccupied house which happens to have
  a long driveway that sweeps around to the back out of sight. He knows that
  his passenger on the floor behind him will soon begin to revive from the effects
  of the chloroform. He spots the For Sale sign he's been looking for and pulls
  into the driveway, just as she starts to thrash about, making muffled noises
  into her gag. He rolls past the neglected lawns, around the deserted house,
  and pulls up close to the garage in the back where a six foot high stockade
  fence assures visual privacy. He leaves the engine idling. They won't be here
  long.  
 He peels back the blanket a little, revealing his captive's eyes, flashing
  with indignant fury. She's trying to protest this outrage, but the words are
  mangled by her gag. Sighing, he climbs out of the car, walks around to the
  passenger side, opens the door next to her head and positions the syringe needle
  directly in front of her face. Her expression quickly shifts from anger to
  horror.  
 "Have you already forgotten the effects of the acid, Miss Primrose?" he
  asks benignly. "Would you like me to spray a little into your eye to remind
  you?"  
 She jerks her head away, turning it into the carpet. "'O, 'o, 'o!" she squeaks
  through the sock in her mouth.  
 Sympathetic to her speaking difficulties, Byron tells her he accepts this
  answer as "no," but warns her that she must remain silent and motionless for
  the rest of their journey or he will be forced to teach her the folly of disobedience
  by reducing one of her pretty eyes to a smoldering ruin.  
 "Furthermore," he elaborates, "it will be a fairly long trip, so get used
  to your accommodations. And let us hope that we're not pulled over for any
  reason, because if some cop gets nosy about what's under the blanket, I will
  be forced to use the semi-automatic hidden in my door pocket to quench his
  curiosity. That, in turn, will cause me major inconveniences, which will really
  piss me off. In fact, I'd be so pissed, I would undoubtedly inject the rest
  of this acid into your lovely little ear and watch it boil its way into your
  brain. Do I make myself clear, Miss Primrose?"  
 She nods vigorously, still keeping her eyes buried in the gritty carpet.
  She causes no further disturbance for the balance of their journey.  
2. The Cabin 
 Her heart is pounding. She must calm down, get her fear under control! There
  has to be a way out of this! Byron Madding is obviously insane, but there must
  be a way to reach him, to make him understand he can't get away with this,
  that he has to stop before it reaches a point where there's no way out for
  him. He has a reputation at the school for being a brilliant math teacher.
  His students seem to have a love-fear relationship with him. She must have
  really upset him with that stupid confrontation about him ogling the young
  girls. But wouldn't he have hurt her already if he planned to do so? Why this
  crazy business of tying her up and taking her to God knows where? 
 There was an obvious answer, of course, but it scared her too much to think
  about it. 
 Trouble is, this has already gone way too far. He must know that. She must
  convince him she'll keep quiet about all this if he just comes to his senses
  and lets her go, then resigns from Geoffrey Bartholomew High. He won't believe
  her if there are no consequences at all in the deal, so she'll tell him he
  has to resign. That's her only card. She won't charge him with assault; she
  won't charge him with criminal threatening; she won't charge him with kidnaping.
  She won't say a thing to anyone. He'll be scot free if he just lets her go
  and resigns, effective at the end of the school year. That's only another few
  weeks. He should be able to find another position easily. A sweet, relatively
  painless resolution to this mess he's made, if he'll only let her go. 
 The trip has gone on forever! For hours it seems. And the road has become
  rougher. She's being tossed about on the hard floor. Her shoulder hurts, and
  her hips. Where in God's world is he taking her? 
 When will anyone notice that she's gone? Do the maintenance people work
  weekends? They must. Will they ask anyone about the lone car still parked there?
  Normally her boy friend would be worrying right about now; he would certainly
  be concerned when she didn't show up for their Friday night dinner together,
  which nearly always led to an overnight of extensive lovemaking. Except, wouldn't
  you know it, this weekend he's off for some solitary camping and fishing on
  Long Pond. He won't realize anything's wrong until he gets back Sunday night
  and tries to call her. Or Monday when he tries again. And how about the school?
  How long will it be before someone figures out there's something seriously
  amiss about an English teacher suddenly gone AWOL? 
 And when she's finally reported missing, is there some automatic wait-and-see
  period before the police will do anything about it? Or will they find her car
  still parked at the school with strange damage to her car door. Surely that
  will alert everyone to the possibility that she's been abducted! But then what?
  Will they connect her disappearance to Byron Madding and somehow be able to
  track her down that way? Worse, will it be in time to save her from whatever
  he has planned for her? 
 The SUV is really tossing her around now. The engine is grinding in a low
  gear. This is not good! Wherever they are, it's not the highway, nor even a
  decent secondary road. It's well off the beaten track. The stale damp air under
  the woolen blanket is suffocating. She's awash in sweat from fear and her own
  body heat. Her jaw aches from being forced open so long by the soggy gag. Her
  ear is resting in a puddle of her own drool. Fright has loosened her urinary
  sphincter and her pantyhose and skirt are wet, adding an illogical sense of
  shame to her fear. 
 The vehicle bounces to a stop, throwing her into a maelstrom of relief and
  dread. The door by her head opens and the blanket is whipped off her body.
  A strong scent of pine and earth rushes in. She tries to look cool and collected,
  the better to reason with him. But she's terrified! 
 She hears his feet crunch around to the driver's side. That door opens and
  he's leaning in, untying the rope that holds her ankles to the track of the
  front seat. Now he's releasing the belts around her ankles and legs, but leaves
  the belt around her arms and rib cage, just under her breasts. Oddly, he takes
  off her shoes. 
 He climbs back out, slams the door and comes back around to the other side.
  He disconnects her leash from the seat track, pulls her out of the SUV and
  stands her up. She staggers on her stocking feet, her legs complaining at the
  sudden return to function, her feet cold on damp dirt and prickly weeds. They're
  in thick, unkempt woods, the SUV parked on the vestigial remains of an ancient
  logging road, now thoroughly grassed over and all but swallowed up by the encroaching
  undergrowth. She sees the road (if you can call it that) splits into a brief
  Y for a turn-around. Beyond that is the merest trace of a footpath leading
  off into even thicker new-growth woodland. 
 "Now we're going to take a walk," her captor informs her. "Give me any trouble
  and I'll start removing patches of your skin." He brandishes the syringe to
  make his point. "I've experimented with certain animals and I can assure you
  it does not appear to be a pleasant experience." 
 He turns and strides off on the barely discernable path, pulling her along
  behind him on the leash. A reluctant and fearful dog. The overgrown path is
  a nightmare of painful rocks, pebbles, vines, cone shards, roots and forest
  debris biting into her tender feet. Her thin pantyhose is soon torn and bloody.
  She whimpers as she picks her way along, half walking, half trotting, not daring
  to stumble and incur this crazy man's psychotic wrath. 
 The path keeps branching, each new segment more obscure than the last, the
  man relentlessly trudging onward, yanking on her leash. She trips and falls
  over a hidden branch that has dropped from a towering white pine, its trunk
  bristling with dead and rotting limbs snuffed by the light-hogging green canopy
  at the very top. She looks up to see the syringe pointed at her face and scrambles
  in an awkward panic, rolling to her knees and somehow to her feet. She moans
  and begs with her eyes that he not push the plunger! He aims a short burst
  at the tree trunk and a five-inch circle of bark promptly bursts into steam
  and boils. Satisfied with the terror that floods over her, he turns and yanks
  harshly at the leash. Humiliation and fear combine to break her spirit. She
  cries as the endless trek through the underbrush goes on and on. 
 In her heart she knows there will be no reasoning, no negotiations. How
  can she even try with this damned gag in her mouth? The farther he drags her
  from civilization, the slimmer her chances for coming out of this alive. Or
  coming out of it at all! Where can this be leading but to a shallow grave no
  one will ever find? Only wild animals drawn to the stench, looking for a good
  meal. 
 She salves her anxiety with proactive fantasy solutions. If she had the
  guts, she would run up behind him (like Catwoman or Xena), knock him down with
  a kick to the kidneys and drive a heel into his throat to put the bastard out
  of commission. She would dig his keys out of his pocket, unlock the handcuffs,
  wriggle out of the belt, throw off the dog collar and sprint back to the SUV
  and freedom. But the heady smoke of the fantasy dissipates in the depressing
  reality of her fast-tiring English teacher's body, and the paralyzing fear
  of the horror contained in the syringe. 
 Suddenly, seemingly out of nowhere, there is a ramshackle cabin in front
  of them, nearly invisible in the opaque tangle of bushy young trees and undergrowth.
  Its cladding is rough, uneven and crooked wooden boards, badly weathered. The
  windows appear to be boarded up on the inside. The roof is an unruly clutter
  of barely attached shingles. Byron unlocks a heavy padlock on the door &mdash; much
  heavier than the door would seem to warrant &mdash; and pulls it open. She
  sees that, in fact, the door is much thicker and heavier than it appeared.
  He thrusts her rudely inside the cabin and slams the door behind them, locking
  it with a bar bolt. 
 The interior is nothing like the outside. Far from ramshackle, the floor
  is solid pine planking, the walls and ceiling finished and covered with sound-proofing
  tile. And the windows are not boarded over at all; light filters through some
  kind of thick material that must be, she realizes, one-way glass. They can
  see out, but no one can see in. As she takes in the contents of the room, a
  frightening comprehension begins to form. Ropes, chains, shackles, pulleys,
  bars, cages, trestles, poles, winches, a variety of unusual steel tables, chairs
  and machinery, a large pegboard holding an assortment of whips, canes, belts,
  riding crops, other items she can't identify. 
 She has never seen anything like this before and even as a full understand
  of the implications sinks in, she finds herself positioned under a rope dangling
  from a pulley. Byron ties it to her handcuffs and pulls on the other end of
  the rope, drawing her arms up behind her and forcing her to bend over at the
  waist. He secures the other end of the rope to a wing hitch, leaving her in
  a position that is most uncomfortable and getting more so every minute as her
  shoulders register the strain. 
 Her discomfort is mixed with relief as she sees him empty the syringe into
  a jar and place both items in a steel storage cabinet. The cabinet is about
  four feet tall and contains thirty drawers stacked ten deep and three across.
  She estimates each drawer to be about four inches high, ten inches wide and
  maybe fourteen inches deep. God knows what other appalling things they contain. 
 He opens another drawer, pulls out a pair of scissors and starts toward
  her. She watches him, eyes wide, expecting the worst, conjuring terrible possibilities
  in her mind. Fearfully, she shies away from him. Constrained by the rope and
  her awkward posture, she can only scrabble around in a tight circle like a
  wounded crab. He grabs her arm. 
 "Stand still, you stupid bitch. I'm not going to hurt you. Yet." 
 She has no choice. His grip is hurting her arm. She sniffles and keens through
  her gag. 
 He's cutting the sleeve of her jacket, starting at the cuff and working
  his way up to the shoulder where the cut turns ninety degrees and circles her
  arm. He peels the material away. Then he does the same with the other sleeve. 
 For the moment her fear is overridden by her reflexive outrage at the mutilation
  of her expensive jacket. The material, including the pad, is too thick at the
  shoulder for the shears, so he exchanges them for a box cutter. Fear replaces
  outrage again as he slashes at the cloth until he can tear the garment entirely
  off despite her handcuffed wrists. 
 She still fails to see where this is going until he begins on her pale blue
  silk blouse. When that is gone, he snips the straps of her bra and with a flick
  she is naked from the waist up. Now she is crying, both from fear and humiliation. 
 But he's only half way there. 
 He unbuttons the waist of her sensible black skirt and slips it down over
  her hips and legs, careful not to dislodge any of the tiny bits of forest detritus
  still clinging to it from her fall. When she's reluctant to lift her legs so
  he can take the skirt away, he lifts them for her, making her produce muffled
  gasps of pain. She's more cooperative when he removes her pantyhose. 
 Now she is entirely nude. He laughs at her expression, a wild montage of
  fear, frustration, anger and embarrassment. She is grunting, bobbing back and
  forth, trying to talk. 
 He removes another item from the drawers and approaches her, speaking in
  a maddeningly calm voice. 
 "Good news and bad news, Miss Primrose. The good news is that you don't
  have to worry about the acid any more. I have retired it. It served its purpose.
  The bad news is that I will  be using this device." He
  held it up. It was a rod with a handle, button and controls on one end. The
  other end came to a double pronged fork. "Do you recognize it?" 
 She shakes her head. 
 "It's a cattle prod. It's used all over the world under a variety of names
  and for a variety of purposes. Law enforcement loves it for handling prisoners,
  making bloodless arrests and for crowd control. Among other things. I use it
  for much the same thing for what I call 'attitude adjustment.' It has both
  external and internal applications. We will begin with the external. Would
  you like a demonstration?" 
 She shakes her head violently, spittle flying off the corners of her mouth. 
 "Now, see, that's the wrong attitude. We'll have to adjust it." 
 He touches the prongs to her thigh and pushes the button. She leaps backwards,
  screaming through the gag, hanging herself painfully. 
 "Let's try it again. Would you like a demonstration?" 
 She bursts into tears and stares at him, her eyes huge, caught in a no-win
  situation. "Silence is not the correct answer," he says and touches her other
  thigh. She screams and dances away from it in a feckless arc. 
 "The proper answer is, 'Yes, Sir. Please.' I will then grant your wish and
  demonstrate it. Unfortunately, until you answer properly I am obliged to continue
  using it on you anyway. It is rumored, Miss Primrose, that you are fairly intelligent;
  so why don't you put your brain to work, while you still can, and deduce the
  least painful course of action. Now, once again: would you like a demonstration?" 
 After a tearful hesitation, she mushes out the correct words, as best she
  can. "Eh, er. Eee." 
 This time he touches it to her right arm. Again she screams and lunges to
  the left. 
 "Very good. Now you have the right attitude. See how that works? That's
  what the external application feels like. In due course you'll have a chance
  to experience the internal application which is even more . . . intense, shall
  we say?" 
 He places the prod on top of the cabinet and fishes a heavy iron collar
  out of another drawer. It's about two inches high with a five inch diameter,
  hinged on one side. After removing the dog collar, he closes it around her
  neck and locks it on with a bolt, using two wrenches to tighten the nut so
  that it cannot be removed with fingers. The thick rusty iron looks wonderfully
  incongruous on her dainty neck. He attaches a chain to a ring in the collar,
  a chain that runs through an overhead pulley. Within minutes her wrists are
  released from the rope and the chain pulls her up on to her toes. The collar
  bites into her jaw but her shoulders are greatly relieved. 
 He stands directly in front of her, his eyes boring into hers. "Now I'm
  going to remove your gag. This does not mean that you may talk. You may talk
  only when you are given permission. If you break this rule, I will use the
  cattle prod on you until you decide to adjust your attitude. The correct attitude
  is total obedience. Do you understand?" 
 A look of fury flashes through her face, but she smothers it and nods. 
 "What do you say?" 
 "Eh, er." 
 "Good." He removes the gag. 
 Her eyes close in bliss as she works her jaw and her tongue, licking up
  the saliva that had collected around her lips because she could not swallow
  it. She wants to yell at him, to scream her anger at what he's done to her,
  at the outrageous affront to her dignity, making her stand here in the nude
  and play his obedience games! But he has the cattle prod and she knows he'll
  use it. 
 He pushes a heavy wooden chair against the back of her legs. Taking two
  lengths of rope, he ties her ankles to the front legs of the chair. He lowers
  the chain attached to her collar so she can sit and ties her knees to the tops
  of the chair legs and her body to the back of the chair. Then he pulls up a
  chair of his own and sits down facing her. He admires her wide open sex while
  she fumes in silence, staring up into the far corner to avoid seeing his eyes. 
 "Now then, Lili . . . You don't mind me calling you Lili, do you? Seems
  a little silly to call you Miss Primrose when we're on such intimate terms,
  soon to be much more intimate. Don't you agree?" 
 "Yeah," she mumbles, seething, holding her temper. 
 Suddenly his voice has a hard edge. "That is not a proper response, Lili." He
  extends the double prongs of the prod toward her exposed inner thighs. 
 "Yes, Sir!" she quickly amends, squirming uselessly and adding "Please don't!" 
 "Please what  ?" he says, his voice rising. "Did I
  ask your opinion on whether or not I should correct your attitude?" 
 "No Sir! No Sir! I'm sorry!" she says, emitting little squeaks as the prod
  gets closer. 
 "You have once again incurred a need for correction and you will ask for
  what you deserve. You will say, 'Please, Sir, correct me.'" 
 "Yes, Sir! No! Please, I'm sorry!" She's becoming hysterical. 
 She screams as the prod makes contact, searing pain erupting where the voltage
  arcs between the two electrodes. 
 "Give me the correct response, Lili," he says, and zaps her again. 
 She screams again, but the agony sharpens her wits. "Please Sir, correct
  me Sir!" 
 "Certainly," he says and puts the points on the flesh right next to her
  furrow. 
 Her scream is more sustained this time. She rocks back and forth on the
  seat, trying to speed up the fade out of the pain, sobbing now. 
 "That's better," he says, leaning back in his chair again. He can see the
  tension in her body begin to ebb a little. He's earned her respect. But he's
  confident he'll have many more opportunities to adjust her attitude before
  it's time for the final solution to Miss Primrose. "The thing is," he goes
  on smoothly, "your observation was quite correct. I do ogle the girls. Every
  chance I get. And why not? If they wear fuck-me clothes in public, their obvious
  intent is to attract the attention of males who would like to fuck them. I
  am such a male and they have my attention. I do know better, of course, than
  to actually fuck them while they're still under age and still students at my
  school. I am a lech, but I'm neither stupid nor reckless. Unlike you." 
 He sees her eyes flare up, then flicker to the cattle prod in his lap. She
  has the sense to hold her tongue. He continues. 
 "You spotted me looking over the girls and were too stupid to ignore it,
  like everybody else. No, you had to get up on your high horse and come preach
  to me about 'propriety' and threaten me. Then you were reckless enough to admit
  no one else knows about your little morality crusade. That means I can eliminate
  you and your threat and no one will link your disappearance to me." 
 Suddenly she realizes her situation is a lot more dire than the pain of
  a cattle prod. 
 "That's not true," she blurts out. "I've discussed what you've been doing
  with several other people and told them I was going to report you!" 
 "Oh? Who?" 
 "Several teachers." 
 "Which teachers?" 
 "I'm not going to tell you. You've got to stop this craziness and let me
  go! You can't get away with it. They'll be on to you as soon as they know I've
  gone." 
 He smiles lazily. "Somehow I choose to believe your earlier assurance that
  no one else knew about what you had observed. It surely would have strengthened
  your hand to tell me they did, yet you denied it. No, I think this change in
  story is merely to save your pretty neck. But all you've done is create yet
  another need to adjust your attitude. What do you say?" 
 "Mr. Madden, this is crazy. I'm telling you I . . ." 
 He touches the prod to her abdomen and presses the button. She screams! "Please!
  Listen . . ." 
 He touches it to her right breast. She screams again. 
 He leans closer and exaggerates his enunciation. "What . . . do . . . you
  . . . say?" 
 She is strangling on her tears in her panic, but she manages to say it. "Please
  correct me, Sir!" 
 "Good." He touches her once again, this time on the outer lip of her sex. 
 She wails in agony before dissolving into shudders. 
 When she has calmed down, he says, "You must really come to terms with your
  situation. I will explain it to you. Because of your arrogant indiscretion,
  your life is forfeit. It is in my hands, now. But you are also a beautiful
  and very marketable young woman, and that opens up opportunities for both fun
  and profit. Accordingly, I intend to play with you for my own amusement while
  I prospect for willing buyers. That is, the highest bidders. I'm confident
  I can make a handsome profit off you, which is not only poetic justice, considering
  you were ready to destroy me, but absolutely the finest way to dispose of your
  enemies. I have extensive world-wide contacts and should have no trouble drumming
  up acceptable bids. Needless to say, what your eventual buyer does with you
  is his business. But just so you know, no female who has been in this room
  has ever reappeared to tell her story. You will be no exception." 
 Lili remains sensibly mute as he stands up and unties the rope around her
  upper body, then pulls on the chain connected to her collar and forces her
  to stand up. He lowers a metal bar to just above her head. It is suspended
  from two ropes running through pulleys and has a shackle on each end. Using
  a box cutter, he cuts off the plastic handcuffs and swiftly locks her wrists
  into the cuffs at the ends of the bar. The bar is then raised until her arms
  are fully extended upward. He takes another bar from the pegboard; it's almost
  identical to the bar to which her wrists are cuffed, but the shackles at the
  ends are slightly larger. He removes the ropes tying her legs to the chair,
  pushes the chair out of the way and attaches that bar to her ankles, forcing
  her feet well apart. 
 He lifts a digital camera out of one of the cabinet drawers and snaps pictures
  of her from all angles. Then, from another drawer he pulls out an aerosol can
  of lather and an old fashioned straight razor. There's a sink on the wall to
  her left with a pump. He draws water from the pump into a basin and brings
  everything over to where she stands, legs spread. 
 "I tend to favor a nice thick bush like yours," he says. "More natural.
  But most buyers these days insist on a cleanly shaved pussy." 
 He proceeds to shave her, glancing up in amusement as she chews on her lower
  lip, trying to suppress her outrage, fearful of the primitive razor. But he
  handles it like a pro, shaving her cleanly and blotting her dry. She yelps
  when, without warning, he makes a small slash under her right breast. She cries
  out at the sting and the sight of blood. 
 "Oops! I shall have to be more careful with this thing," he says with a
  smile, and stanches the blood with her skirt, pantyhose and bra. It's not a
  deep cut, and after a while it stops bleeding. He drops the bloody garments
  carefully into a plastic bag and seals it. 
 "Now it's time for us to become intimately acquainted," he tells Lili. "If
  you have any problems with that, I'll be happy to put a gag back in your mouth
  and show you what the cattle prod feels like inside your vaginal canal." He
  cocks an eyebrow and waits a few beats, but she says nothing. "Excellent." 
 He releases her wrists from the overhead bar, slackens the chain attached
  to her collar, draws a small metal table up against her butt and makes her
  lie down on it. It's only large enough to support her bottom and the small
  of her back. He lashes her ankles to the legs of the table at one end and her
  wrists to the legs at the other end, then ties her hair into a rope hanging
  from the ceiling to hold up the top half of her body. She is now splayed out
  and helpless, her legs spread, her sex exposed and her hair pulling painfully
  at her scalp when she tries to relax and fall back. He adjusts the height of
  the table with a hand crank, stands between her thighs and unzips. He sticks
  a finger in her vagina, decides she's too dry and uses some salad oil to lubricate
  himself (for his comfort, not hers) and rams himself into the private depths
  of the bitch who tried to bring him down. He hammers away to the rhythm of
  her sobbing until he comes in a tremendous rush, pounding his ejaculate into
  her. He remains inside for the afterglow spasms and the tingling sensations
  from his ultra-sensitized member as he glides slowly in and out of her warm
  receptacle. 
 When he's too soft to continue, he pulls out, stuffs a tennis ball in her
  mouth, tapes it in place and leaves her to endure the increasing strain of
  her position while he uses his cell phone to start contacting prospective buyers.
  She listens to his side of the conversations with rising trepidation. 
 "She's the next thing to a virgin," he tells one. "Young, innocent, beautiful.
  And intelligent, too. She'll appeal to your most discriminating clientele.
  She needs a bit of obedience training, but I'll give you a discount for that." To
  another he says, "She'll pay for herself in a month. After that, it's pure
  profits. She's young and strong, you can use her for anything. Might last six,
  seven years. Even then she'll still be good for resale to the snuff market." To
  yet another he intones, "She's petite, gorgeous and she cries easily. A really
  cute, sensitive little thing. They'll get tears out of her with very little
  effort. And for the hard stuff she has a really heart breaking scream." To
  still another he declares, "She's prime meat. Young, tender. Very pretty, too.
  Slim but well endowed. She'd be perfect for the upcoming M &auml; dchenbraten.
  Sure, I'll e-mail you some snapshots. Believe me, you won't be disappointed!
  Yeah, she can be ready for shipment as soon as the money arrives. But you'd
  better hurry; I've got several interested buyers already offering top dollar." 
 When he finishes, he pulls a full size inner spring mattress to the center
  of the floor, setting it on four cinder blocks to lift if off the floor. A
  few minutes later Lili Primrose is stretched out face up on the innerspring,
  her wrists and ankles cuffed to each corner. The chain still connects her iron
  collar to the overhead beam &mdash; just in case she somehow tears loose from
  the innerspring. Byron pulls a large pan out of a lift-top wooden box and slides
  it under the innerspring directly beneath her crotch. 
 "It's been nice," he says, removing the tennis ball gag, "but I've got some
  details to take care of. Oops! Did I just dangle a preposition? Sorry about
  that. Even in the most extreme circumstances we must strive for . . . propriety   .
  . . in all things. So let me rephrase that in a proper grammatical syntax:
  'There are some details of which I must take care.' Do you approve, Miss morally
  conscientious English teacher?" 
 He pauses to see if she'll take the bait. But she remembers the pain of
  the cattle prod and holds her tongue. He sighs, disappointed, and pinches her
  left nipple hard, making her grimace. "I asked you a question, bitch teacher." He
  pinches the other nipple harder, making her yip. "Answer me! Correctly, now!" 
 "Yes, Sir. It was better," she says, her voice contorted in a conflict of
  fear and anger. 
 "That's a good little bitch," he says through a sardonic smile. "And it's
  all I want to hear out of you until morning." 
 He finds a roll of clear wrapping tape in the cabinet and presses it over
  her closed mouth, winding it round and around her head in several layers from
  just under her nose to the curve of her chin, then vertically over her head
  and under her jaw. 
 "I'll be back in the morning to play with you," he tells her as he puts
  the rest of the roll back into the cabinet. "It looks like we've hit the market
  at a good time, so I'll be able to nail down a good price for you. In the meantime,
  if you can't hold your bladder or your bowels, go ahead and disgrace yourself.
  That pan under your bed will collect it. Perhaps we can even find an imaginative
  way to recycle what you produce." 
 He takes more pictures of her spreadeagled on the innerspring, then pockets
  the camera, unbolts the door and picks up the plastic bag containing her bloody
  clothes. 
 "By the way," he says over his shoulder, "you'd better hope nobody comes
  to rescue you. The place is booby trapped. See those nozzles?" He points to
  an array of nozzles aimed at the door, windows and at her, all sprouting from
  a rectangle of pipes attached to the rafters, the pipes originating from what
  appears to be a propane gas tank in a corner. "That tank over there is filled
  with cyanide gas under high pressure," he explains. "Once I'm outside and arm
  the system, anyone who attempts to enter will trigger a discharge of the gas
  through those nozzles. You and your rescuer will be dead within ten to fifteen
  seconds. Sleep tight." 
 He closes the door behind him. She hears the click of the lock. Then silence. 
 Byron uncovers the hidden control box and pushes the arming sequence, reminding
  himself to bring a fresh auto battery in the morning. He takes a circuitous
  route back to the SUV, his standard procedure to help avoid creating an obvious
  path. He tosses the plastic bag on the floor and revs up the SUV. There's a
  game he wants to catch on TV. But first he has to take care of a vital detail
  in the interest of covering his ass. 
3. Play and Preparation  
 For Lili Primrose the night is endless and eerily silent. The sound proofing
  on the walls and ceiling shuts out the night noises as effectively as it shuts
  in any sound she is able to create, which consists mostly of a pathetic mewling
  through her nose. The springs and interlocked wires of her innerspring bed
  make old-fashioned mattress sounds when she bounces her body, but she soon
  learns that bruising her back on the cruel metal wires is no way to begin a
  long night locked down on them. The air grows cold, sending her into spasms
  of shivering, keeping her perpetually aware of her nakedness and helplessness.  
 A knot of dread makes her stomach hurt. The conversations she overheard
  concerning her future, as best she can figure them out, seem to indicate that
  Byron Madden plans sell her into prostitution, or worse. She has no clear idea
  of what a "snuff party" might be, but it doesn't sound good. She tries to think
  of a feasible plan for escape from this cabin, but he has kept her constantly
  in restraints since he grabbed her in the parking lot. He keeps the wrenches
  that would unbolt her iron collar on the pegboard, and even if she could rise
  from this innerspring, the chain would prevent her from getting anywhere near
  it.  
 The wires cutting mercilessly into her back muddle her thoughts. Soon she
  can only think about how to ease her misery. She longs to be rescued from her
  suffering and from the plans of this mad brute, but her eyes keep fastening
  on the blunt, perforated finger pointing at her from the pipe overhead, poised
  to spew death in her face.  
 The sound of rattling at the door! Her heart leaps into her throat and her
  body goes rigid! She stares at the nozzle, holding her breath, willing it to
  remain benign! The door opens.  
 "Ah, you're still here. Liked our accommodations, did you?"  
 Her breath shudders out, at once relieved and terrified. She hates being
  defenseless and at the mercy of this madman. She hates it that she's naked
  and he can feast his depraved eyes on her at will. She hates it that she'd
  rather be alive under these conditions than dead in a cloud of cyanide. It
  can only be that she still hopes to find a  
way to reason with him before it's too late.  
 He's chatting amiably, meanly aware that her mouth is bound up and she cannot
  respond, even if she weren't afraid of the ever-present cattle prod.  
 "You'll be happy to know that we won't be interrupted by pesky searchers,
  at least not until you're safely away to your new career as a whore or entr &eacute; e.
  The first thing the police will do when you're finally reported missing Monday
  or Tuesday is check with your boyfriend. As we all know, many crimes of violence
  are committed by spouses and lovers. They'll naturally be a bit suspicious
  of his tale of camping on Long Pond all by his lonesome, especially if they're
  smart enough to search his residence and find your skirt and pantyhose hidden
  in the trash, all covered with blood. Blood matching your type, it will turn
  out."  
 His prisoner is thrashing about on the harsh innerspring, making desperate
  noises through her nose. He can't help but smile at her fruitless protests.
  She's so cute when she's upset. He sits down beside her and caresses her breasts
  and smoothly shaved sex as he talks.  
 "Turns out you couldn't have picked a better week to rile me, what with
  boyfriend heading off for the deep woods. Helps, too, that you had a big row
  with him about it and bitched about it to your buddies in the teachers' lounge.
  In the cops' minds that 'row' will turn into a fight and they'll start searching
  for your body. But up at Long Pond, not here. They'll probably drag the damned
  lake!" He laughed and pushed three fingers into her vagina, reaming them around,
  making her gasp. "How's them apples, bitch babe? They'll be looking for you
  for months, trying to pin a murder rap on boyfriend. May succeed, too. All
  because of your big mouth and bad judgement." He crushed her cunt between his
  fingers and thumb. She made a muffled scream. "Too bad you won't be around
  to see it all, but I've got other plans for you. One way or another, you'll
  be long gone."  
 He fishes the pan out from under the innerspring. It's empty.  
 "Too shy to use your bedpan? That's all right. I wanted to watch, anyway."  
 Her heart sinks. He's going to force her to pee in front of him! She won't!
  She can't! She'll withstand the cattle prod before she'll do that!  
 He releases her wrist cuffs from the corners of the innerspring and fleeting
  thoughts of kneeing him in the groin, overpowering him, quickly vanish when
  he cuffs her hands behind her back again before releasing her ankles. He cranks
  the collar chain up, forcing her to scramble off the innerspring and on to
  her feet. Before long her wrists are locked into the overhead bar again. But
  this time, instead of the spreader bar between her ankles, he ties them into
  a spread position with ropes attached to rings in the floor. Then he slides
  the pan between them.  
 "You will remain in that position," he states firmly, "until you have pissed
  into the pan. And if you need to shit, you might as well do that, too, because
  before this day is out, you'll be getting an enema.  
 She can't believe what she is hearing. She wants to tell him to fuck off &mdash; a
  word she hasn't used since college &mdash; but he hasn't removed the tape that
  keeps her mouth clamped shut. She makes the only protest she can: screeching
  through her nose and thrashing uselessly in her restraints.  
 "Oo, that's sexy," he says. "I like that. Keep it up!"  
 She sags, defeated, held up by her wrists. Despite her determination not
  to do so, she breaks into tears of impotence and humiliation.  
 "I'd take the tape off your mouth," her tormentor teases, "but it helps
  keep you out of trouble so I can get some work done. Tell you what, though:
  I'll take it off after you piss in the pan. By then I'll be ready to start
  correcting you again."  
 He makes more cell phone calls while she concentrates on ignoring the building
  demands of her bladder. The tenor of the calls remains the same: talk of her
  sexual uses and of her value for "snuff." The person representing Der
  M  &auml;  dchenbraten  ,
  whatever that is, seems to be winning on points, which seems to mean he's offering
  the most money for her. But she is on the verge of exploding. Urine is starting
  to leak down her leg. The pain is bringing new tears to her eyes. It finally
  dawns on her that this monster will not relent; he will force her to disgrace
  herself (as he put it) simply by ignoring her. And what the hell difference
  does it make, anyway. He's getting ready to SELL her, for God's sake! As a
  prostitute! A sex slave! She's naked. He's raped her. He will probably rape
  her again. She is absolutely powerless to resist any and all debasements he
  decides to heap on her. She has already been defiled by his fingers and his
  sex organ and will soon be defiled by many others, or snuffed (whatever that
  means) or dead. She resigns herself to this ultimate humiliation and unleashes
  the painful backup in her bladder. It splashes noisily into the pan and draws
  his attention. He's on the phone, but he turns to watch. Smiling.  
 She refuses to feel ashamed. He made her do this! Besides, it's a natural
  function that everybody does. Modesty about emptying the bladder is a mere
  social convention, a human invention. Toddlers pee for their moms and dads
  during potty training. Nurses help immobilized or paralyzed patients do it.
  What's the big deal about peeing? But despite her cool logic, tears leak from
  the corners of her eyes.  
 He punches his cell phone off and nods appreciatively. "All right!" he says. "I
  love to watch a woman piss in public for the first time. It rips away that
  cloak of self-righteous pride, that phoney pretense of decorum that society
  lays on us. It's all part of our schizophrenic attitude toward sex: the simultaneous
  obsessing about it while hiding it; using our sexual attributes to attract
  attention and stimulate imagination while, at the same time, condemning their
  display. It's understandable, of course, given our weird concept of morality.
  Our pee pipes are enclosed in the same apparatus as our sex parts. Therefore,
  pissing in public, which requires exposing the apparatus, is as forbidden as
  fucking in public. It's all ridiculous, of course. Strip away the walls and
  doors and clothes and laws that buttress our pretensions, and we're just another
  species of animal who eat and piss and shit and rut and mate and give birth
  to more animals like ourselves. We excuse our absurd sexual contradictions
  by pretending there's some kind of supernatural being who demands that our
  species must defy nature and act differently from all the other beasts who
  also have mouths and pee holes and poop chutes and dicks and cunts and who
  do all the same things."  
 This high-toned lecture on sexual relativity does not seem to be cheering
  up his captive female who hangs dejectedly over the warm pan of urine. The
  sight makes him chuckle. He loves to humiliate these women, almost as much
  as he likes to torture them, and feeding them this convoluted philosophical
  crap helps rub their nose in their disgrace. He can see she wants to argue
  back but cannot. In fact, enforced silence will be a continuing component of
  her torture, right up to her final disposition.  
 He picks up the pan, sloshing its contents around right in front of her
  face, enjoying her attempts to hide her embarrassment. He carefully pours the
  urine into a mason jar and sets it on the cabinet.  
 "I've got good news for you," he says as he lowers the bar to which her
  wrists are cuffed. "You've been sold. I got a really good price for you from
  the Society of Isis and I'll be delivering you to them this afternoon. That
  doesn't give me much time to play with you, but at least it will get you out
  of the country in case, for some reason, the search for your body brings someone
  sniffing around this cabin."  
 He releases her wrists from the bar but quickly snaps handcuffs on them,
  although this time in front of her. The change provides welcome relief to her
  aching shoulders and gives rise to a spark of hope for escape. She can do more
  with her hands in front, even though they're cuffed.  
 He makes her sit on the floor and does the same thing with her ankles: he
  releases them from the floor bolts only to clip them together with ankle cuffs.
  Now he orders her to draw her knees up to her chest, drop her manacled arms
  over them and hug her legs to her bosom. He takes a metal rod and threads it
  over her elbows and under her knees, locking her body into a kind of fetal
  position. Using ropes, he ties her right wrist and ankle together, then her
  left wrist and ankle. The two pair of cuffs have now become redundant and he
  removes them. But he spreads her knees as far as they will go and lashes them
  to the metal bar that way, the bar having holes through which to thread the
  ropes. He tips her on to her back so her knees are in the air and the furrow
  of her sex fully displayed.  
 Feeling no less helpless than before, she explores frantically with her
  fingers to find a knot she might work loose, but he has taken care to keep
  them out of reach. Her chances for escape are clearly slipping away. On top
  of her fright and anger, she's developed a raging thirst. Having skipped lunch
  yesterday at the school, she's had nothing to eat or drink for twenty-four
  hours. She puts on what she hopes is an imploring expression and makes pathetic
  noises, hoping he will remove the tape sealing her mouth so she can ask for
  water.  
 If he understands her plight, he ignores it. He has set up a pair of adjustable
  trestles with U-shaped grooves on top. With little apparent effort he scoops
  her up off the floor and drops the ends of the metal rod into the grooves,
  suspending her between the trestles. She hangs from her knees, the weight of
  her torso angling her so she is almost upside down. Byron pushes her gently
  so she rocks to and fro like a porch swing, or like a deer slung from a pole
  being carried home from the hunt.  
 He takes a position in the V of her legs, the fabric of his pants rubbing
  against the tender skin of her rump and inner thighs, and against the far more
  sensitive lips at the entrance to her womb. He tilts her body on its fulcrum
  to ascertain that the entrance is at a convenient level for the shaft that
  will enter it. Satisfied, he goes to the pegboard and takes down a flogger,
  a whip consisting of a handle with a dozen soft leather thongs.  
 "I need to play with you now so the marks will be faded by the time your
  buyer takes possession. The Society is very fussy about the quality of their
  offerings at the M &auml; dchenbraten. They prefer unblemished. Unfortunately,
  that rules out some of my favorite toys, like the heavy cane and the nipple
  clamps with teeth."  
 Her eyes show her fear. He likes that. "Why Lili, you didn't think you were
  my first guest here, did you? Hell, you're not even the first one I abducted
  in a parking lot, although I generally avoid it. Don't like to leave an abandoned
  car to proclaim that a kidnaping has taken place. Joggers on rural roads make
  better snatches; they're trim, fit and fetch really good prices. The easiest
  and safest, of course, are hookers. No one reports them when they go missing.
  The down side is you never know about the state of their health and have to
  avoid swapping bodily fluids. But that's okay. I have lots of ways to amuse
  myself without drawing blood and there are plenty of females around I can fuck.
  Like you, for example."  
 He starts to flick the ends of the flogger on her sensitive cunt. Even such
  small blows with a soft whip produces an amazing amount of pain and she jerks
  and cries in her restraints, her body rocking on the metal rod. He talks as
  he watches the tender skin turning red.  
 "My favorite snatch technique requires the help of one of my clients. We
  dress up in cop costumes, put a blue light in the front window of the car and
  pull over some pretty girl. I pretend she matches the description on an APB
  and make her get out of the car. I frisk her, cuff her and put her in the back
  seat where she gets chloroformed and tied up, same as you. The client drives
  her car to the nearest airport and leaves it in the long term lot. He picks
  up his own car, which he had parked there earlier, and meets me a few days
  later at a prearranged location to collect her, all neatly packed in her container.
  I never take clients here, for security reasons. What happens to her then?
  Depends on the buyer. Most wind up at a brothel in Central or South America,
  Asia or Eastern Europe. Others go where you're going, to one of the snuff houses
  run by Isis. There are four: in Germany, Thailand, Indonesia and Columbia.
  You're headed for Munich; a festival called Der M &auml; dchenbraten. You'll
  love it. Meet girls from all over the world."  
 He switched from the flogger to a small ratan cane and began tapping it
  directly on her labia and clit. Her reaction was convulsive.  
 "Hurts like hell, doesn't it? This place used to be a hunting cabin before
  I found it and fixed it up. It was pretty dilapidated. But the land is now
  posted so there are no hunters to use it. And if anyone does break in, it will
  be their last mistake in this life. Hasn't happened yet, though."  
 He spreads open her outer labia and gives the pink inner lips a hard whack.
  She screams and her body stiffens as the pain surges through it like a tidal
  wave. He does it three more times until she is racked with sobs, her face red
  from straining against the hemp ropes. He puts the cane away and finds a pair
  of pliers, carefully taking her right nipple between its jaws. He squeezes
  and pulls up at the same time, stretching her breast into a cone. Once again
  she's screaming into her gag, her body stiffened in agony. He stops before
  she passes out, and after a minute repeats the torture on the other nipple.
  This time she does pass out, but he simply tilts her body on its rod so her
  head is down until she revives.  
 When she's conscious again, he tears off the tape from around her head,
  jaw and mouth in a deliberately slow and painful manner.  
 She wastes no time or energy berating him for his monstrous behavior or
  begging to be released, but goes right to her most critical need. "Please!
  Water!"  
 "All in good time," he answers, "providing you learn to ask for it properly.
  But I insist you show respect by using the correct honorific. I trust you know
  what that is, Miss Primrose."  
 "Yes, Sir," she croaks more urgently. "Please give me some water, Sir. Please,
  Sir!"  
 "Better. But first you must ask me to fuck you."  
 She grinds her teeth, wanting to tell him off, but afraid of what he'll
  do.  
 "I see you need additional persuasion," he says, picking up the cattle prod.  
 "No! Please, Sir! Nooooo!" She squirms violently in her restraints, trying
  to get away from the inevitable.  
 He inserts the double pronged rod into her vagina and pushes it in until
  it bumps against the cervical wall. He punches the button.  
 Every vein stands out in her face and neck as she stiffens, screams and
  breaks into choking sobs. Her body is still shaking from the effects of the
  pain, the likes of which she had never dreamed possible.  
 "Would you like to repeat that performance," he says smoothly, "or are to
  ready to ask me to fuck you? Properly."  
 With a shuddering intake of breath she almost shouts, "Please, Sir, fuck
  me, Sir! Fuck me! Fuck me. Sir. Please."  
 "Happy to oblige," he says, opening his pants and tilting her to the correct
  angle for penetration. The sight of her &mdash; helpless and in agony, utterly
  at his mercy &mdash; has aroused him to maximum hardness. He plows into her,
  stabbing against her burned cervix, making her cry out with every thrust. "Enjoy
  it, bitch!" he taunts. "This will be your last fuck. The folks at Isis don't
  like semen mixed with the cunt meat. Actually, the women guests don't seem
  to mind &mdash; they're used to eating dick and cum, I guess. It's the males
  guests who get all bent out of shape." Her tears flow as he humps away in her
  injured pussy, until, with an animal howl, he fills her with his spunk. He
  slumps with the softening of his member and pulls away.  
 "Thank me, bitch," he says.  
 "Thank you, Sir," she responds through her tears, swallowing her hatred
  along with her pride rather than endure more bites from the cattle prod. "Please,
  Sir, may I have water now?"  
 "You may," he says. He takes the jar filled with her pee and pours some
  into a glass, mixing it half and half with water from the pump. He carries
  it over to her and touches the glass to her parched lips.  
 She looks at him aghast!  
 "Changed your mind?" he says, eyebrows raised innocently. "Don't want any
  water after all? Because this is all I'm ever going to offer you."  
 They both know she has no choice. She closes her eyes and lets him tip the
  noxious liquid into her mouth, wrinkling her nose as she swallows. Her disgust
  is more from the idea of drinking piss than from the actual taste, which is
  fairly bland. In fact, her thirst is so intense she finds herself asking for
  more. The next glass is three quarters urine and one quarter water, but she
  gulps it down and licks her lips.  
 "If you liked that, you're gonna love this next part," her tormentor purrs.  
 He rotates her on her axis so that her ass is pointed at the floor and slides
  an old fashioned chamber pot directly under her. Next he fills a huge enema
  bag and suspends it from a beam above her. She looks on in horror, but dares
  not object. He rotates her ass back up so that it's well presented for the
  nozzle, which he twists into her rectum, not bothering to lubricate it. She
  rewards him with a squawk of pain. He opens the petcock.  
 She feels the flood of cold water rushing into her bowels. They're already
  in distress from her refusal to empty them while pinioned to the innerspring.
  In short order she's ready to explode, can feel it leaking around the nozzle.  
 "You'd better hold it in!" he warns, the menace in his voice unmistakable.
  But holding it in is impossible.  
 "I can't! I can't! Sir, please, please, please! I can't!"  
 Much as he'd like to torment her longer, Byron can see she's about to gush
  all over him. He yanks out the nozzle and aims her asshole at the pot. With
  a cry she lets the contents of her colon spew out in a stream of broken turds
  and brown water. She is mortified. She has hit rock bottom. There is no greater
  degradation. Whatever happens after this, she will never be more deeply humiliated.  
 "You didn't hold it in," he says, bludgeoning her with the obvious. "You'll
  have to be punished for that. But not right now. You still have more to clean
  out. If this were hot water, one enema might do the trick, but I've got no
  way to heat water here without making smoke, which I'd rather not do. So we'll
  just have to keep flushing you out till you're empty."  
 He tilts her back up, rams the nozzle home and lets the rest of the bag
  empty into her. She's groaning in great distress by the time he allows her
  to release it into the chamber pot.  
 The third enema fills her intestines with an entire bagful of cold water,
  making her moan and sob with the effort to retain it in her swollen abdomen.
  But it comes back out mostly clear.  
 "Well, that takes care of cleaning you out for the chefs. Time for your
  punishment." He slides the cattle prod back into her pussy, slippery now with
  his own ejaculate. "Ask for it."  
 She weeps. She knows there's no avoiding it, but asking politely for so
  terrible an agony is the most difficult thing she's ever done. Yet if she doesn't,
  he'll do it anyway, and keep doing it until she does. She bites her lip and
  says it, her words scratching her throat. "Please, Sir, give me my punishment."  
 A wolfish smile twists his lips. "Be specific. Say, 'Please Sir, zap my
  pussy with the cattle prod.'"  
 Anger bubbles up to her tongue, but fear holds it back. "Please, Sir, zap
  my pussy with . . ." she clenches her stomach, her voice trembles . . . "with
  the cattle prod."  
 White hot pain sears her delicate vaginal wall and explodes through her
  body. Her scream ruptures a vocal chord, shredding the sound into silence.
  She pants, pushing the agony down to a manageable level, able to think again,
  desperate for a way to make this man stop. She's ready to accept death, but
  not another zap from that prod. He's saying something to her. What does he
  want? She must clear her head, do what he wants, say what he wants, anything
  to keep him from using that cattle prod again!  
 He sees her head is lolling, her eyes unfocused, her breathing ragged. He'd
  better not hit her with another jolt, fun as it is to watch, because there's
  too much money riding on her safe delivery this afternoon. The Society of Isis
  has no use for damaged goods or corpses. They need live merchandise in good
  condition. Alive and beautiful and fresh.  
 He lifts her off the trestles, removes the metal bar and returns the shackles
  to her wrists and ankles. He stands her up and makes her hobble to the sink
  to brush her teeth. He makes sure she gargles and rinses out her mouth with
  Scope to eliminate any odor from the piss she swallowed. He personally douches
  her over a pail and cleans off all the encrusted remnants of his two orgasms.
  He provides her with an array of cosmetics gleaned from the belongings of the
  many women who preceded her in the cabin and orders her to make herself presentable.  
 It creeps her out to be using the stolen makeup of girls he kidnaped and
  may well be dead. But anything to make him happy, keep his hands off that damned
  cattle prod. He even makes her carry the chamber pot filled with her shit outside
  to dump. But she doesn't complain. He took off the ankle shackle, but there's
  no hope she can escape. He has her firmly leashed and holds the cattle prod
  at the ready. She meekly dumps the contents of the pot and returns to the cabin.
  Her opportunities to live are slipping quickly away and there's nothing she
  can do about it.  
 He eats a sandwich and sips a bottle of diet Pepsi while Lili sits tied
  to a chair and watches. When his lunch is finished, he removes her ankle cuffs,
  tapes a cotton rag in her mouth and marches her out of the cabin for the last
  time, dragging her along another circuitous route to where his SUV is parked.
  He wears comfortable L.L.Bean hiking boots. She is naked and barefoot, suffering
  the many punishments of the forest floor.  
 They arrive at the SUV which is already turned around, ready to take her
  to the next point on her final journey. He pulls a heavy plastic shipping crate
  from the back of the vehicle and opens the top. The container is lined with
  thick soundproofing material. Small holes are designed as baffles that allow
  a minimum influx of fresh air while keeping any sound from escaping.  
 "It's time, my pretty, to prepare you for shipment," he tells her gaily,
  and swiftly buckles a strap around her upper body, pinning her arms to her
  sides. Her hands have already been tied behind her. He binds her ankles and
  knees together, lifts her up and drops her into the crate, doubling her into
  a fetal position to fit. As a final touch, he binds her feet and legs to her
  body so she can't kick the inside of the container, then closes the cover and
  locks it in place.  
 Miss Lili Primrose won't be causing him any more trouble. Of course he'd
  have liked to have played with that nice pristine body and those extraordinary
  boobs for another week or two, mucked around in that juicy little pussy. But
  Isis is in a rush, what with their snuff banquet about to start in Munich and
  some asshole handler in Venezuela damaging one of their top acquisitions. Too
  bad for the injured cunt because now she'll have to put in six weeks of hard
  whoring in a sweaty Columbian brothel to pay for her upkeep until the next
  girl roast in Bogota. Good news for him, though, because Isis was forced to
  bid top dollar for a quicky top-of-the-line replacement. So bye-bye Miss Lili
  fucking Primrose. Enjoy your new starring role as substitute snuffmeat!  
4. Flight of the Damned  
 He's made it pretty clear. She's going to die, although she's not sure how.
  But at least she's fairly sure he won't be using that cattle prod on her any
  more. Fear and relief make strange bedfellows. Joy and Dread. Her position
  in this box is becoming more stressful by the minute. The trip seems endless,
  but she's not sure she wants it to end because the longer she suffers here,
  the longer she stays alive. As long as she's alive there's hope for escape.
  Or rescue.  
 She is in serious pain by the time she feels the SUV roll to a brief stop.
  There are several more short spurts of travel before the clunk of a door slamming
  indicates a more permanent stop. A few minutes later she feels her box being
  dragged out of the vehicle. The fluid motion of the box tells her it's being
  lifted. She feels it land on something solid. Then it's tipped at an angle
  and begins to vibrate with a new kind of motion. They must have put her container
  on a dolly. This new trip is even more uncomfortable because she's tilted ass
  end up with her head jamming into the end of the box. Finally the rolling stops
  and she hears the sound of the lock being opened.  
 A rush of cold air chills her as the top is thrown open. The rope binding
  her into a fetal position is removed and strong hands lift her out of the container.
  She's dripping with perspiration from the stuffy heat of the cramped box and
  now shivers in the fresh air, inhaling it deeply. She sways on her feet momentarily,
  trying to get her balance in spite of the straps around her arms and legs.  
 She makes a quick visual survey and discovers she's at the front of a small
  commuter-size aircraft looking toward the rear. The pilot and co-pilot seats
  are right behind her, and unoccupied.  
 Two men, one on each side, take a firm grip on her arm &mdash; as if she
  could go anywhere with her legs and ankles bound up. A short, dark-skinned
  man with a heavy five o'clock shadow approaches holding a fishhook. Dangling
  from it is a small oval piece of plastic, exactly like the keychain I.D.s given
  out by supermarkets for check cashing customers. It even has a bar code on
  one side. The obverse side has something written on it with a black marker.
  He holds it up so she can read it. "US-6."  
 "Dass you," he says in a heavy accent.  
 One of the guards holding her, a very burly man with a leathery face, sandy
  hair and a disarmingly friendly expression, says to her, "Hold still, sweetheart.
  This will hurt a little, but if you move it will hurt a lot. It'll be over
  in a second."  
 The dark man takes her left nipple between his thumb and index finger and
  stretches it out, hurting her. In a smooth, well-practiced motion he pushes
  the fishhook through the nipple. Lili stiffens and yelps into her gag. The
  two men hold her tightly until she stops wriggling.  
 When she settles down &mdash; it was more shock and a sharp sting than real
  pain &mdash; the two men begin removing the straps that bind her. As they do,
  she counts the rows in the aircraft. There are six, each consisting of three
  seats, two on the side of the aisle to her right and one on her left. Four
  white plastic containers, exactly like the one she just vacated, are stacked
  near the door on her right. Four of the window seats on that side are occupied
  by young women wearing burgundy colored robes. They're all slim and attractive
  and all look glum, like cheerleaders returning from a losing game.  
 She looks down at the tag swinging at the end of the fishhook. The nipple
  is beginning to hurt again from the trauma of the piercing and the crude material
  of the fishhook. She's been labeled. For some reason the thought makes her
  feel even more demeaned than her forced nudity.  
 The large man with sandy hair is talking to her. "Welcome aboard. We're
  removing the ropes so you'll be more comfortable for the flight. They'll be
  replaced, however, with handcuffs and leg shackles. You'll be able to walk
  if you take small steps, but not run. All the guards on this aircraft are equipped
  with cattle prods and tasers, including me, so don't even think of getting
  pissy."  
 His voice is cordial, matter of fact, like his face. But the words solidify
  her despair. As the men are attaching the steel shackles to her ankles, the
  big man helps her into a robe, just like the ones the other passengers are
  wearing. Her gratitude almost overwhelms her. She won't have to endure the
  flight naked after all, with all these strange men ogling her. She knows it's
  an irrational priority in the light of what's planned for her, but she can't
  help what she feels. After the handcuffs are snapped back on, she's led to
  the first empty window seat, just two rows from the front. She's pushed over
  to the window seat. The cuff on her left wrist is opened and then clamped to
  the arm rest between the seats, pinning her right wrist to the seat.  
 The view from the window is of open fields with trees in the distance. No
  houses, no people. A very private air strip. It's getting on toward dusk.  
 Two more men board the plane and slip into the seats at the controls up
  front. The pilot is half bald with a gray fringe. The copilot on his right
  is much younger with waves of unruly, brown hair. They go through an elaborate
  routine of systems checks while the guards secure the last of the five white
  containers with bungee cords and find seats beside the shackled women. The
  man who greeted her coming out of the box chooses the seat next to her and
  buckles them both in.  
 "This is going to be a long flight, darlin.' I'm talkin' eight or nine hours.
  Am I gonna have to tie you up and leave that gag in your mouth, or are you
  gonna be a good little girl?"  
 She sighs, quelling her annoyance at his condescension, and nods.  
 He strips the tape off her mouth so she can spit out the saliva soaked cloth. "And
  you'll address every male you speak to from now on as Sir,  " he
  says gravely.  
 "Yes, Sir."  
 He reaches for the oval I.D. and turns it so he can read it. The slight
  pull on her sore nipple makes her grimace.  
 He reads it aloud. "U-S-six."  
 "What does that mean?" she asks. Her vocal cords and jaw hurt from the effect
  of the gag over many hours.  
 "That's your I.D. Identifies your country of origin and your inventory unit.
  The order for this banquet consists of twelve units and you're number six.
  Eight of you will be on this flight. The other four are part of a separate
  shipment."  
 "I'm just a unit now? No name?"  
 "That's right, sweetheart. I won't tell you my name and I don't want to
  know yours. One of the perks of this job is I get to participate in the feasts
  and I prefer not to get to know my next meal on a first name basis. Got that?"  
 "Yes, Sir."  
 "I've been assigned to you because I speak English. The only others on board
  who do are the pilots. Pilots all over the world speak English. It's control
  tower speak. So, if you wanna ask me questions, go ahead. I'll answer what
  I can."  
 "Why the sudden consideration for what I   might want?"  
 "We don't want the merchandise to be a total freaked out mess when it arrives,
  so the company lets us talk to them if it calms them down."  
 "That's all we are? Merchandise?"  
 "Yep. You got it."  
 "Even to you?"  
 "Especially to me. I told you. I don't let myself think of you as anything
  but meat. Talking meat."  
 "And these other women don't speak English?"  
 "One does, but she also speaks Spanish. It's the blonde cutie two rows back."  
 "Where do they all come from?"  
 "The blonde is from L.A. The other three are from Guatemala, Chile and Brazil."  
 "What's going on here, anyway? Where are you taking us?"  
 "Well, first we'll stop at a little place outside Amsterdam to pick up the
  last three girls for this shipment, then it's on to Munich."  
 "We're crossing the Atlantic? In this little airplane?"  
 "I told you it will be a long flight. This 'little airplane' is a Gulfstream
  jet modified to fly up to eighteen hours non-stop."  
 "What's going to happen in Munich?"  
 "Didn't the guy who recruited you tell you anything?"  
 "Recruited? He ABDUCTED me!"  
 "Recruited, abducted. Same thing. What'd he tell you?"  
 "Nothing sensible! He talked about something called M &auml; dchenbraten,
  and about Isis and snuff houses. He said he had to give me enemas to clean
  me out for the chefs. What the hell was he talking about?"  
 "Nothing you're gonna be happy to hear about. Der M &auml; dchenbraten is
  the name of a semi-annual banquet held in Munich. It means 'The Girl Roast.'
  The name is self explanatory. It's a snuff banquet. You and eleven other girls
  are this year's featured entre &eacute; s. Isis is the name of the company
  that puts on the banquets. They put on similar feasts in Columbia, Thailand
  and Indonesia."  
 Lila couldn't quite believe what she was hearing. "I don't know what you
  mean by a snuff banquet. Am I going to die?"  
 "Be hard to cook you without you being dead at some point. Of course you're
  going to die. Don't tell me you hadn't figured that out."  
 "Cook me? You mean they're actually going to roast  me?
  Like in an oven?"  
 "Over a fire, actually. You and all the others. You're all on the menu."  
 "Oh my God!"  
 "Don't worry, you'll be long dead before you go on the spit. I've watched
  them do it lots of times. Seems pretty quick and painless to me."  
 "They're going to EAT us?!"  
 "Sure. That's the whole point of a snuff banquet. Pretty girls slaughtered,
  roasted and eaten."  
 "My God! That's cannibalism!"  
 "Absolutely. And a hell of a rush!"  
 "Who are these people?"  
 "They call themselves the Society of Isis, named after an ancient super-star
  Egyptian goddess. She was goddess of just about everything &mdash; home, hearth,
  creation, destruction, sex, motherhood, apple pie, you name it. Had a gazillion
  alternate names, too, one for every function and language. She was married
  to Osiris &mdash; god of agriculture, harvest, the underworld and other shit.
  One of her sons was Horus, a nice guy god who was always getting chopped up
  by his brother, Set, then patched together again by Isis who had these awesome
  magical powers. When the Egyptians hit bad times, they blamed it on old Set
  and prayed to Isis for help. When the good times rolled around again and they
  were prosperous, guess who got the credit. Isis! Kinda like good god, bad god.
  Which fits this bunch, because the fat cats who can afford to be members of
  Isis are over-the-top prosperous."  
 "Do you . . . join in, too?"  
 "Wouldn't miss it. I get a hard on just thinking about it. They put on quite
  a show. And girl meat is terrific! Too bad you won't get a chance to taste
  it.  
 She shudders. "That's horrible! Disgusting! Its inhuman!"  
 "Only from your  point of view. And don't give me that
  'inhuman' shit. Humans have been engaging in cannibalism and human sacrifice
  for hundreds of millennia. Just because the self-righteous anal-retentives
  of the world frown on it doesn't mean it isn't still being done by perfectly
  sane human beings. Hell, Isis puts on a dozen of these things every year on
  three continents. They charge ten to fifty thousand bucks per plate. And every
  banquet draws hundreds of participants. Now, why do you suppose that is? It's
  because lots of people find the ritual killing and eating of a beautiful human
  female a turn-on beyond compare. Believe me, your sacrifice is going to inspire
  a lot of orgasms tonight."  
 She sits stunned, trying to grasp the horror of it, that this is her last
  day of life, that this man and others will soon be eating her! The pilots have
  revved up the engines and the Gulfstream begins to roll along the narrow runway,
  faster and faster. She has only flown a half dozen times, but this is by far
  the roughest runway she has ever experienced. By the time the plane bounces
  into the air and angles up sharply her knuckles are white. How ironic, she
  muses, that she worries about the plane crashing when she's about to die anyway.  
 "How will they kill me?" she asks.  
 "Do you really want to know all the gory details in advance? Why not just
  let it happen?"  
 "You're sitting here casually telling me I'm going to die and you're going
  to eat me, and expect me to just put it out of my mind and watch the scenery?"  
 "Well now, I don't know that I'll be eating you   specifically.
  There's a dozen girls altogether and I don't know which ones I'll be eating.
  Only the paying guests get to choose, and it costs extra."  
 "What do you mean?"  
 "The employees don't eat with the guests. We get the leftovers."  
 "The leftovers?" She's beginning to feel light headed.  
 "Yeah. A table rarely can eat an entire girl, unless she's really skinny."  
 "A table? What are you talking about?"  
 "There's four seatings. Four, six, eight and ten o'clock. Each seating has
  three tables. They cook three girls per seating, one for each table. Everyone
  gets to look over the merchandise in advance and the high rollers who can afford
  the extra charge get to choose which table they want to sit at; in other words,
  which girl they want to eat. Whatever's left over on the carcasses gets served
  to us employees later. But I don't mind. There's plenty to go around and there's
  only a subtle difference in flavor between one girl and another. The real difference
  is in the cut of meat. Most customers go for the breast meat, if they can afford
  it, because not only is it sweet and juicy, but the idea of eating a girl's
  tits has a certain erotic cachet. Personally, though, I prefer the rump steaks,
  especially with mint or apple sauce."  
 She feels like she's been kicked in the stomach. He was right, this glib-tongued
  man who is casually escorting her to her death: she doesn't really want to
  know any more of these terrible details. She'll soon be dead. That's all she
  needs to know. She's seen her last sunrise, shared love-making for the last
  time, drawn her final bath. Everything is wasted, everything she lived for,
  all the years of schooling and training, all her dreams of home and babies
  and family. She grieves for the waste of the body she's worked so hard to make
  beautiful for the pleasure of her lover. She grieves for all the things she's
  about to lose and all the things that will never be.  
 And yet even death is not as dark and frightening as the unthinkable desecration
  that lies beyond it. That she will be cooked, carved up and eaten.  
 She thinks about the alternate fate to which she might have been consigned
  by her kidnaper. Sex slavery. Instead of being headed for slaughter, she'd
  be headed for life as a dick-hole for any male willing to pay the going rate
  to her owner, no matter how scabrous or disgusting he might be, no matter what
  degradations he might require of her? Would that have been better? At least
  she'd be alive. Except, she remembered, he had also suggested to more than
  one prospective buyer that when she's past her usefulness as a whore, she could
  still be sold for snuffing.  
 She sat silently, calculating her bleak prospects for escape, unwilling
  to talk further with a man who is casually escorting her to her death and actually
  looking forward to eating her.  
5. Der M&auml;dchenbraten  
 Endless hours chained to her seat, flying through the night miles above
  a frothing ocean eager to swallow them up if they should happen to drop from
  the sky. She ponders whether it would be better to drown in the cold Atlantic
  and be consumed by the myriads of creatures who inhabit its depths, or to die
  on dry land in Munich and be eaten by her own kind. She tries to sleep, but
  cannot. The man beside her is reading a book. He offered one to her, but the
  words blurred in the cacophony of her terrors.  
 As the hours creep by, each girl is allowed trips to the bathroom for relief,
  but the dignity of privacy is not  allowed. The door is
  kept open, the guard watching, always watching.  
 Lili, who had thought she could never again put anything in her stomach,
  is suddenly famished when her sandy haired, pleasant faced guard sits down
  next to her with a plate of baked chicken fresh from the galley. He declines
  to share any of it with her, but gives her a candy bar. Snickers. Energy to
  get her through her impending ordeal, he explains, with minimal roughage to
  dirty up her intestines. And water is always available. Real water. Clean and
  sweet to keep the merchandise properly hydrated.  
 When the plane finally touches down, it's mid-morning of the next day. By
  her guard's watch it should be 5:00 A.M., but six time zones have lopped yet
  another quarter of a day from her life. The Gulfstream parks at the far corner
  of a bustling airport. A runway tractor pulls a cart toward them loaded with
  three containers identical to the five already stacked up behind the pilots.
  When the containers are safely inside the aircraft and the hatch locked and
  closed, three more girls are pulled out and processed. These three are all
  blondes of varying shades, and exceptionally beautiful. One is crying hysterically.
  Another is angry, trying to shout through her gag. The third looks bewildered
  and frightened. Each one receives a fishhook through her left nipple with a
  little oval tag. Lili can't read them from where she sits. By the time the
  last of the new arrivals is cuffed to her seat the aircraft is taxiing for
  another takeoff.  
 This leg is a lot shorter. Only an hour or two, she thinks, but she's losing
  track of time. Long before they land the guards begin to repack the girls in
  their containers. Last ones out are the first ones in. Robes removed; hands
  cuffed behind them; ankles and legs bound; gags taped in place; bodies doubled
  up with knees to chest and stuffed into the white crates.  
 Lili Primrose, known in these final hours of her life as US-6, is the fourth
  to be plunged back into the sweaty confinement of her container. Condemned
  and alone. The discomfort of her mind and body is magnified by the ominous
  bumping and rumbling as her container is rolled down unseen ramps, tarmac and
  corridors to what can only be her final, unholy destination.  
 Another click. Light floods into her eyes as the top swings up and she is
  lifted from her packing case. She's in a long, narrow room centered by a row
  of salon chairs. Men around her are removing her bindings, but not the short
  chain connecting her ankles. They speak in a language she does not understand.
  What she does understand is the painful grip on her arm as she's led through
  a side door into a shower where she's scrubbed clean and rinsed before being
  returned to the salon room. There she's thrust into a chair, her ankles locked
  to the base. Four chairs are already occupied by young women she's never seen
  before. One by one the remaining chairs are filled with girls from the plane,
  shuffling awkwardly in their shackles, damp from the shower. Now there are
  twelve.  
 Three women in white smocks, two of them quite young, one of middle age,
  are hustling about among them, repairing the cosmetic damage incurred during
  shipment. They chatter in German. Lili recognizes the sound of the language
  but does not speak it. She has the impression they're talking about personal
  things unrelated to what they're doing. At first a few of the captive girls
  try to resist their attentions, but the guards put a quick end to their rebellious
  spirit with cattle prods and handcuffs. Now all twelve sit docilely as their
  hair is shampooed, dried, brushed out and coiffed. In fact, Lili is impressed
  at how talented these attendants are at selecting the ideal hair style for
  each girl. Faces and bodies are glorified with sophisticated applications of
  makeup. Even the nipples are slightly rouged to give them more definition.
  She groans as the cosmetologist lifts her tag, twisting the fishhook, the soreness
  making it obvious that infection is setting in. Just as obviously, her attendant
  is unconcerned.  
 The last thing the attendants do is to fit each subject with a pair of high-heeled
  shoes. Lili has never worn heels this high and wonders if she can actually
  walk in them. But so what if she can't? She remembers that the guard on the
  plane told her the guests would be looking her over. These impossible shoes
  must be for their  benefit, and why should she care if
  they liked what they saw. Either way, they were going to kill her.  
 The attendants depart, leaving the twelve young women to stew in their anxiety
  for at least an hour. Talking is prohibited, enforced by the guard with the
  cattle prod, but it doesn't matter; the only other girl who speaks English,
  the blond from the plane, is seven chairs away.  
 Finally there's movement. Two guards and the middle-aged attendant enter
  the room. One of the girls is unclamped from her chair while a very tall, muscular
  guard slips a choke chain over her head and hauls her to her feet with it.
  While the second guard cuffs her hands behind her, the attendant uses a cloth
  tape to measure her bust, waist and hips, jotting the information down on a
  sheet of paper. The girl is made to step up on to a scale where her weight
  is also recorded. The attendant hands the paper to the guard and he leads the
  girl off by the choke collar, wobbling on her high heels. One at a time the
  same guards come for each of the captives. Lili is the sixth to be taken. She
  gasps as the choke collar tightens around her neck when the guard lifts her
  out of the seat. She's weighed, her measurements taken and her wrists locked
  behind her. She struggles to keep on her feet as the guard keeps the chain
  taut, almost carrying her by the neck. He pulls her down a corridor and into
  a room with a computer monitor where one of the younger attendants scans the
  bar code on her nipple tag, takes the paper with her measurements, enters the
  data into the computer and waves the guard and his charge on through another
  door and into another corridor.  
 At the end of it she is pulled, half strangling, through a pair of heavy
  drapes and finds herself on a short runway projecting into a room filled with
  smoke and a noisy crowd in a party mode. The revelers are about equally divided
  between men and women, most of them carrying drinks, all of whom turn to stare
  at the naked new arrival as she's led to a round platform at the end of the
  runway. An amplified voice makes an announcement in German which begins and
  ends with what sounds like "sex," or "zecks." With her slight knowledge of
  German she realizes that the announcer is referring to the number on her tag. "Six." Sechs  in
  German. The guard turns her in a circle on the platform so everyone can get
  a good view of Number Six as she struggles to keep from stumbling in her heels
  and hanging herself on the choke collar. Finally he leads her back down the
  runway and through the drapes to a smattering of applause and laughter.  
 She's handed off to another guard but is too preoccupied with the effort
  to breathe and to stay on her feet to care where he is dragging her. They pass
  through another door (all the doors here, she notices, seem to be heavy steel)
  and into a large rotunda. Her five predecessors are already here, standing
  immobile, chained to the hardwood floor by wooden stocks clamped around their
  ankles. Another wooden stock is locked around their wrists and neck and suspended
  from the ceiling by chains, stretching them upright. They are placed in an
  arc, part of a large circle completed by seven other sets of stocks not yet
  occupied.  
 Lili is led to the next available set of stocks where two more guards are
  waiting. One grabs her ankles. He spreads her feet apart and holds them there
  while the other guard positions the wooden stocks over her ankles and clamps
  them shut. He uses a bolt in each end to hold the two halves of the stocks
  together and secures them with a wing nut. Next he removes the handcuffs and
  seizes her forearms with an iron grip to raise her wrists up to the level of
  her neck so the upper stocks can be clamped in place and locked on with bolts.
  To the sound of chains being cranked through pulleys, the upper stocks begin
  to move upwards, lifting up her chin and hands, stretching her to her full
  height. Another cloth rag is forced into her mouth and belted in place with
  a leather strap. Has she been allowed to speak for the last time? The prospect
  makes her intensely sad. But on the other hand, what is there to say?  
 She stands, able to move only enough to stave off fainting, not enough to
  move an inch from where her ankle stocks are chained to floor bolts. She and
  the other captives have been placed facing the center of the circle so she
  has an unrestricted view of the girls already in place, as well as the remaining
  six as they are led in, one by one, and positioned in their own stocks. She's
  struck by how pretty they all are, some breathtakingly beautiful. And all so
  young. It breaks her heart.  
 Another endless wait. At some point an attendant arrives with an armful
  of small sandwich board signs. She places one sign next to each girl after
  checking her nipple tag. The signs bear the girl's number along with her weight
  and measurements. This is obviously an exhibition hall with all the meat on
  display.  
 More waiting. She hears weeping on her right. A lovely girl with black hair
  and a tiny waist is peeing on the floor, miserable with embarrassment. A guard
  quickly comes out of nowhere and zaps her repeatedly with his prod, making
  her scream through her gag, finishing by touching the double prongs to both
  breasts, then up her vagina. The girl is writhing and sobbing, surging against
  the stocks. The guard returns to his position while one of the young female
  attendants mops up the urine, washes off the girl's legs and sprays the area
  with a perfumed disinfectant. Her sobs eventually die down to sniffles.  
 The episode has made Lili extremely conscious of her own growing need to
  pee. She wiggles in her stocks, tightening her sphincter, wishing she could
  bring her knees together, keeping a wary eye on the guard.  
 Fortunately something distracts her. The sound of voices. The same alcohol
  laced revelry that she heard from the runway. An ornate set of double doors
  on her left opens grandly and a cascade of men and woman begin streaming into
  the rotunda carrying their cocktail glasses and beers. Lili recognizes several
  of the more flashy dresses the women are wearing. This is the same crowd that
  had watched her exhibited on the runway, now come to examine the menu items
  up close and personal. Very  personal, as it quickly develops.  
 Hands roam all over her body and fingers keep slipping inside both her lower
  orifices. This must be why they've gagged her. Her grunts and squeals only
  seem to encourage the invasions. The conversation and laughter of the circulating
  diners are in sharp contrast with the misery on the faces of the twelve exhibits.
  Most of the chatter is gibberish to Lili who can only guess what these people
  have to joke and laugh about as they browse among terrified young women waiting
  to be slaughtered.  
 Now and then, amidst the babble, she hears English.  
 ". . . and as I understand it they're doing them three at a time. Which
  seating are you at?"  
 "I'm in the fourth at ten o'clock."  
 "I'm in the first. I don't usually like to eat at four. Too early. But I
  have a flight to catch and I don't wanna rush. Not at these prices. I wanna
  take time to savor, y'know?"  
 "I know what you mean. But it's too bad; they usually save the best ones
  for last. Like this beauty here."  
 A hand slaps her ass hard.  
 "I've requested her table. Can hardly wait to sink my teeth into this tenderloin." He
  pinched the flesh on both sides of her spine."  
 "Tenderloin, huh? I dunno, I think I prefer the thigh. It may not be as
  tender but it's got more flavor. Juicier. Course a lot depends on how they
  cook her. Too much heat tends to make the meat too dry, so if they . . . ."  
 The voice dissolves into the general gabble of the huge room. Many more
  hands slide over her belly, her legs, her crotch, her breasts. One foolish
  woman catches a finger on the point of the fishhook and yanks her hand away,
  nearly tearing the hook out of the nipple. Lili screams and rocks in her wooden
  restraints.  
 A tall, solemn-faced man with black hair and dark eyes, speaking an odd,
  mellifluous language, squeezes her breasts, thighs and calves. He puts two
  fingers deep into her furrow and plays there for a while, studying her reactions.
  Finally he signals an attendant and pats Lili's right breast. The attendant
  nods and goes to a computer near the double doors. A printer next to the monitor
  regurgitates a slip of paper which the attendant hands to the man whose fingers
  have been continuing their cavorting in Lili's vagina. He withdraws his fingers
  from their wet dance hall and rubs them on the underside of her lips and up
  inside her nose so she can taste and smell her own secret juices.  
 She numbs herself to the relentless humiliation, until another burst of
  English catches her attention. She recognizes the twang. Texas.  
 "Whoa! Sally, c'mere! Look at this one!" A man stands in front of her, pointing.
  He's in his mid fifties, sun damaged face, blue shirt with top two buttons
  undone, square jaw, beer belly, boots. "That's what I call prime," he says. "Looka
  this!" He grasps each of her thighs with both hands and squeezes hard. "Nice
  and firm but no hard muscle. And take a look at these knockers!" He transfers
  his squeezing to her breasts. "Yeah! Firm with good natural lift, no sagging.
  Nice, small, perfectly formed nipples that stand right out. You could hang
  your hat on 'em. We're definitely sitting at her table and I'm going to put
  in a bid for one of them jugs. Whadda ya think?"  
 A tall buxom woman emerges into her side vision. She's a bottle blonde,
  probably in her early forties and uses lots of makeup to help hold back time. "I've
  told you what I think. It's a fucking extravagance. Why do we need tit? Leg
  meat is almost as good. Besides, would there be enough to share?"  
 "Hell, yeah! Here, feel this!" He grabs her right hand and plops it on Lily's
  right breast.  
 The woman squeezes the captured mammary and raises her eyebrows. "Okay,
  you're right. Nice and firm. Could be tasty."  
 The man waves at an attendant. "Hey, sweetheart! Either of these tits still
  up for grabs, and how much?" He snickers at his own drollery.  
 The attendant, accustomed to boors in several languages, ignores his lame
  humor and consults the computer screen.  
 "The left breast is still available, Sir, for two thousand Euros."  
 "Jesus, Eddie!" the woman chokes. "Two thousand for a lousy tit?"  
 "Not just any tit!" he counters. "That's Marilyn fucking Monroe quality
  tit."  
 "For two thousand it better be! What's this sudden big obsession with tits,
  anyway? Don't I have enough for you to chew on?" She puts both hands under
  her bosoms and thrusts them toward him, almost spilling them out of her dress.  
 "You sure do! In fact, why don't I volunteer you for the next roast down
  in Bogota. I'll buy both your tits and chow 'em down myself. You're a little
  over the usual age cutoff for Isis, but I'll offer you at a price they can't
  refuse. Whadda ya say? I'm hot just thinkin' about it!"  
 "Jesus, Eddie!" To Lili's amazement the woman blanches. She's afraid! She
  knows he would actually do it!  
 "Well, then, cut the shit!" he snarls. "You can't tell me you don't like
  a little titty yourself. Every time we invite Jim and Barbara over, who spends
  half her time suckin' on Barbara's bongos? What's that all about?"  
 "What that's about is that you pout and bitch if I spend too much time sucking
  on Jim's dick, so I switch to Barbara's boobs so you won't go into a fucking
  snit."  
 "All right! All right! Look, all I'm sayin' is, these are great melons here
  and I wanna eat one. What's wrong with that?"  
 "But two thousand . . . ."  
 "Oh for Chrisake, Sally, it's our anniversary treat. We can afford two thousand
  lousy Euros. What's the big fucking deal?  
 "All right, all right. Put in a fucking bid, Eddie. But remember, I get
  half."  
 He signals the attendant standing next to the computer monitor. She approaches. "Put
  me down for it, sweetheart, and put us at her table." He hands her a credit
  card. He follows her back to the computer but their voices, in English, cut
  through the hubbub.  
 "That will be at the ten o'clock seating, Sir. Table one." She taps at the
  monitor face and the printer spits out a strip of paper which she hands to
  the Texan. "The chefs will begin preparing her at 4:20. The drawing for the
  slaughter will be at 4:35, if you'd like to take part in the lottery."  
 "You betcha!" he says. "Wouldn't miss it! By the way, how much for the cunt
  lips and womb?"  
 "Eddie!" his wife screeches, steering him out of the room.  
6. The Slaughter  
 Gradually the dinner guests, or members, or clients &mdash; or whoever they
  are &mdash; become bored with the exhibition and wander away to refill their
  glasses and find some other amusement. The rotunda becomes eerily quiet. There
  are no more groping hands, no more painful tugs at the fishhook, no more leering
  and laughing at her naked helplessness. There's no more transparent talk in
  a dozen incomprehensible languages about how beautiful she is, and how exciting
  it will be to see her put to death, butchered and eaten.  
 There are only twelve frightened young women, immersed in silence, awaiting
  their final moment of life.  
 Her feet really hurt from standing in these damned high heels. She has been
  shifting her weight from foot to foot to help alleviate the pain, but it's
  becoming unbearable. Yet she must bear it.  
 Two other girls are unable to hold back their bladders, but this time there
  is no retribution, no punishment by cattle prod. An attendant simply mops it
  up, washes off the piss-dampened legs and disappears. From this Lili surmises
  that the exhibition is over and no further guests will be visiting the rotunda.
  Time is rapidly running out.  
 The double doors open and a group of guards enter carrying choker chains
  on leashes. Lili is one of the first to be released from her stocks, but her
  wrists are immediately cuffed behind her again and the choke collar slipped
  over her head and around her neck. To her relief, the shoes and the gag are
  removed. She's led out of the rotunda on bare feet through a series of rooms
  filled with segments of the same gala crowd she has so recently entertained
  with her body. The rooms are elegant, each with a bar to help keep the hungry
  rascals merry. Her sensitive soles tread on wood, then thick carpet, then tiles,
  then more carpet.  
 Suddenly she is outside, in a courtyard, surrounded on all sides by walls
  and balconies, but open above to blue sky dazzled by the sun as it approaches
  its daily apogee. Long tables project toward the center from three corners
  of the rectangular yard, each sheltered under an awning with burgundy and white
  stripes. In the fourth corner there's a platform with a structure that looks
  for all the world like a soccer goal: a cross bar between two vertical posts.
  The center of the court yard features an iron roasting pit, low flames already
  licking through red hot coals. On the wall opposite her and those to her left
  and right are tall, shallow cages with thick, flat metal bars. They stand side
  by side in sets of three. Her guard yanks on the leash, pulling her toward
  the far cage on the left hand wall. Bits of debris scattered about on the tiled
  floor of the courtyard dig painfully into her soft feet, eliciting winces and
  small noises in her throat.  
 "What's the matter, there?" her guard says, the first person to talk to
  her since she got off the plane! "Rough on your little footsies, is it?"  
 "Yes, Sir," she says politely, mindful of the prod clipped to his belt.  
 "Well don't worry about it," he says. "Our guests won't be eating your feet.
  Those will just get tossed in the incinerator with the rest of the junk parts."  
 "The junk parts," she repeats, trying to get her mind around the casual
  dismissal of her body.  
 "Yeah. Head, hands, feet, bones, guts &mdash; all that shit."  
 "I've kind of grown fond of . . . all that shit," she says, immediately
  chastising herself for tempting his anger? Why doesn't she just shut up? She
  doesn't need another dose of pain.  
 But he just laughs. "Well, you'll have some time to kiss them all goodbye.
  Lights out for you will be about 4:30."  
 "What time is it now?" She doesn't want to know!  
 "Coming up on 10:30. You'll be able to watch the first nine girls prepared
  and roasted, see how it's done. It's quite interesting, really. In fact, you'll
  be practically right on top of Table One for the first seating. Get a real
  good view of how you're gonna be carved up and served later on, right at that
  same table."  
 They reach the cage. A small sign with the number 6 has been bolted to the
  top. The cage is about half a foot taller than her five foot five, barely wider
  than her shoulders and no more than a foot deep. The entire front side opens
  up on hinges. The guard removes her handcuffs and shoves her backwards into
  it, slamming the door and locking it with a heavy padlock. The cage is so tight
  she can hardly move. The guard cuffs her wrists to the sides.  
 "That's in case you get an attack of modesty, to keep you from covering
  up your good bits. The customers like to fondle the merchandise and we like
  to please our customers. We'll let you hang out here without a gag, but the
  first time you sass a customer, in it goes. Along with a jolt of this up your
  twat." He taps the prod.  
 She keeps silent, hoping to avoid the humiliation of a fawning response.
  But it is not to be. He puts his hand on the prod and leans close to her face.  
 "What do you say, bitchmeat?"  
 "Yes, Sir. I'll be good. I won't sass anyone."  
 "Fucking A, you won't," he says, and strolls back to escort another girl
  to her cage.  
 When all nine cages are filled, three other sets of doors swing open and
  the courtyard is quickly packed with expectant diners, many of them well into
  their cups. As the guard predicted, they circulate past the caged girls administering
  a variety of pokes and pinches through the widely spaced strips of steel. Lili
  is well beyond outrage and humiliation at this point. She simply endures it
  as the least of her problems.  
 Then through the same door by which she was dragged into the courtyard,
  three of her fellow prisoners are led in to cheers from the well-oiled crowd.
  All three were on Lili's flight across the Atlantic. All three are very attractive,
  but two have a little too much padding in the thighs. The third could be a
  fashion model with her rail thin body, long skinny legs and small breasts;
  but in the flesh and stripped to the buff she suffers in comparison with her
  more voluptuous sisters. Lili hates herself for thinking in such terms, but
  this choice of initial victims seems to bear out what she was told, that they
  are saving "the best for last."  
 The girls are led on to the corner platform with the out-of-place soccer
  goal. Unwilling to challenge the cattle prods of the guards, they allow themselves
  to be gagged and have their hands tied in front of them. Three hooks are hanging
  from ropes thrown over the cross bar and are inserted under the ropes between
  their wrists. Guards pulling on the other end of the ropes quickly hoist them
  up, leaving them dangling a foot off the floor of the platform. Ropes are tied
  from their ankles to eye bolts, spreading their legs.  
 The three white-smocked female attendants appear with bottles and plastic
  tubing. Squatting in front of the hanging girls, they wet one end of the tubing
  in their mouths for lubrication and proceed to twist and push them up into
  the urethras of the girls, ignoring the grimaces they're causing. In the next
  moment pee is draining from all three girls into the bottles. As the last yellow
  drops drip from the emptied bladders, the attendants pull out the catheters,
  pick up the filled bottles and leave through a red steel door.  
 As they leave, the guards untie the ropes from the ankles of the hanging
  girls. Working now work in pairs, one guard grabs the girl's legs and holds
  them up while his partner wraps wire around her ankles. She's then taken down
  from the hook and stood upright on the platform. Her wrists are untied, but
  her arms are quickly placed behind her back, one forearm laid over the other,
  and bound together with wire. Next, one of the guards picks her up, like a
  husband about to carry his bride over a threshold, while his partner inserts
  the hook between her ankles and under the wire. Once again she is hauled up
  to the cross bar, this time by the feet. When all three girls are hanging head
  down, a second horizontal bar is put in place at about the level of their knees.
  Their legs are roped tightly to the bar to keep them facing forward.  
 The attendants reappear through the red door with cordless clippers and
  shavers. All visible hair is removed from the hanging girls &mdash; scalp,
  eyebrows and pubis. They look much less feminine now. Less human. More like
  upside down manikins. The piles of hair under their heads are swept up and
  replaced by large metal bowls.  
 Two men in formal attire appear from the midst of the crowd and step in
  front of the three girls. One holds an inverted top hat which he is shaking
  vigorously. In a strong voice the other man calls for attention.  
 "Damen und Herren. Madams et monsieurs. Ladies and gentlemen." He makes
  an announcement, first in German, then French, ending with English. "The drawing
  to select the first three Swordbearers of Isis will now take place."  
 The man with the hat holds it above head level so neither can see into it.
  The speaker reaches up with his right hand; it disappears over the brim and
  comes back up holding a slip of paper. He reads what's written on the paper
  and makes another announcement in German. The assembled diners glance around
  at each other. No one responds.  
 He does it again in English: "The Society of Isis is pleased to announce
  that the first winner of the lottery for this sacrifice is number three-hundred-seventy-four." Still
  only expectant looks from the crowd.  
 He repeats it in French. The instant he finishes the number a woman throws
  her hand up, screaming in glee, "C'est moi! C'est moi!"  
 The other diners congratulate her as she works her way to the first girl
  hanging from the crossbar.  
 The process begins again, calling the second winner, then the third, until
  all three winners are in place beside the three sacrificial offerings.  
 Two men and a woman in white chef outfits emerge from the same red door
  used by the attendants and take up positions next to the inverted girls. One
  of the male chefs begins helping the three lottery winners into long green
  smocks and disposable gloves. As he does this, the other male chef steps forward.
  There's some kind of insignia on his white jacket. Lili Primrose assumes he
  must be the head chef. He pulls a marker from his apron pocket and makes two
  marks on the necks of all three girls. Lili recognizes the locations of the
  marks from her biology class days. They identify the spots where the main arteries
  supplying blood to the head come closest to the skin. She tries to remember
  the names of the arteries, but cannot. For some reason she is absurdly disconcerted
  by this hole in her memory, as though she were about to fail a test.  
 The female chef hands him a tablet and he steps forward to read from it.
  (Like Moses on the mountain, thinks Lili. Or Charlton Heston pretending to
  be Moses.) He reads it first in German, then French, then English.  
 "Members and guests of the Society of Isis, we welcome you to the M &auml; dchenbraten
  and to the celebration of our beloved Goddess. It is to the glory of Isis that
  we offer and dedicate the first of our sacrifices on this day. May the blood
  of these three young maidens and the roasting of their flesh be acceptable
  in her sight, that she may grant us health and prosperity. Let us, in turn,
  honor her bounteous favors by using our health to enjoy the full pleasures
  of our bodies, and our prosperity to seek those pleasures in abundance."  
 Meaning, Lili thinks to herself, come back and lavish your wealth on another
  slaughter. Nothing like a self-serving invocation.  
 The Chef produces a tube from his breast pocket, uncaps it and pulls out
  a silvery instrument that looks, to Lili, like an Exacto knife. No, it's a
  scalpel with a small pointed blade. He holds it aloft like a torch and shouts, "Das
  Schwert aus Isis!"  
 The crowd shouts back: "DAS SCHWERT AUS ISIS!"  
 With a dramatic flourish he passes the scalpel, handle first, to the woman
  and whispers something in her ear. She nods and holds it high, as he did.  
 "Heil Isis!" she cries.  
 "HEIL ISIS!" the crowd roars.  
 Then she turns, pushes the point of the small blade into the end of one
  of the marks on the girl's throat and draws it the length of the mark, looking
  surprised at how easily it slid through the flesh.  
 A geyser of blood erupts from the wound and splashes off the side of the
  girl's face. More blood spurts out behind it creating a widening river that
  cascades over the shelf of her chin, flows to the top of her shaved head and
  trickles into the open bowl beneath.  
 The woman with the scalpel backs away, her face white. She seems to be appalled
  at what she has wrought. Maybe she hadn't anticipated so much blood from such
  a little cut. It has drenched her glove and splattered all over her sleeve
  and the front of her smock. The head chef notes her distress and carefully
  removes the scalpel from her hand. At the same time a guard materializes at
  her elbow and quickly steers her to the nearest chair. The chef completes her
  unfinished task by slicing through the mark on the opposite side of the girl's
  neck. A new stream of blood pulses out of the second cut, painting the other
  side of her face red. The stream splashing into the bowl briefly becomes a
  cataract, then slows to a rapid pattering of drops. Aside from a twitch each
  time the knife bit into her throat, the girl has remained motionless. Only
  her eyes and her irregular breathing betray her terror at the approach of death.
  Gradually her breathing slows, shudders, then ceases altogether. Her eyes are
  still open but register only emptiness.  
 Lili does not want to watch this, does not want to stare at the girl's lifeless
  eyes, but she cannot help herself. Any more than she can stop trying to remember
  the damned name of the arteries.  
 The head chef has passed the knife to the man who has won the privilege
  of dispatching the middle girl, the tall thin one with the fashion model face.
  But she has been watching the death of her neighbor and is frantic with terror,
  wriggling like an eel on a hook, shouting muffled pleas into her gag, crying.
  The bearer of the Sword of Isis is at a loss. How can he hit such a lively
  target without making a mess of it. The chef standing behind the thrashing
  girl solves his problem by grabbing her ears and holding her head steady. She
  is in such pain from the grip on her ears that she doesn't even realize her
  throat has been cut until the chef releases her and blood flows over her face.  
 I won't do that!  Lili tells herself. I won't
      struggle so they can add that further indignity to my death.  Yet
      it's important that she display her contempt for these monsters. But how?
      She can't give them the finger because her arms will be wired together
      behind her. She can't spit at them because she'll be gagged. Damn them
      to hell!  
 The ritual repeats a third time. When that girl is dead, the guards take
  down the bodies and lay them out on steel tables. The three chefs spring into
  action. They slit open the abdomens and systematically eviscerate the carcasses,
  handing the long ropes of intestines and other internal organs to the assistants
  who drop them into a plastic garbage container on wheels. The kidneys and livers
  are placed in covered pans to be cooked separately. The chefs make a show of
  pouring olive oil and wine into large mixing bowls, then adding crushed or
  chopped apricots, lemons, oranges, cloves, parsley, garlic and onions. They
  stir the mixture and apply it to the inside of the stomach cavities with a
  paint brush.  
 The next step is to slide the carcasses up the tables so that the heads
  are hanging off the end. The assistants wash off the blood and sew up the eye
  lids. (This, Lili guesses, is so if the eyeballs split in the heat of the fire,
  it won't create an unappetizing mess. Her stomach lurches at the thought.)
  The pointed end of a thick iron skewer is threaded between the wired-up ankles
  of each girl and pushed upward between the legs to where it can be inserted
  into her vagina. It's then slowly pushed and twisted up through her body and
  neck until, thanks to the angle of the head off the end of the table, it emerges
  easily from her mouth. A short metal cross bar is bolted to the skewer under
  each girl's knees and her legs are firmly wired to it. This well keep her from
  slipping on the spit as it's turned.  
 Meanwhile, the assistant cooks arrive with a basket of stuffing which the
  chefs pack into the open abdomens before sewing them up. Aluminum foil is wired
  in place over the heads to keep the faces from charring, and pinned over the
  vulva to prevent overcooking of the tender flesh there. Lili remembers that
  some of the discussions in the rotunda as the crowd swirled among the previewed
  entrees, revolved around discussions of the price and preferred seasonings
  for "crispy cunt."  
 Two guards pick up the ends of the skewers and place them on trestles so
  the bodies can be turned while the chefs baste them with the same mixture they
  applied to the body cavity. When the chefs are satisfied with the basting,
  another wire is wound around the upper bodies to keep the arms &mdash; still
  wired together forearm to forearm &mdash; from flopping away from the bodies
  as they're turned on the spits.  
 The preparations finished, three pair of guards carry the carcasses to the
  roasting pit where the skewers are set into grooves in the sides. The "pit" is
  actually a square cast iron enclosure about seven feet to a side where gas
  jets feed a carefully controlled flame beneath a mesh grid covered with glowing
  coals. Hand cranks are added at one end of the spits so they can be periodically
  turned and locked in place. The chefs and the assistant cooks turn the spits
  every ten seconds or so, basting the steaming carcasses with long handled brushes.  
 For the next two hours Lili's mind replays the horrendous scene over and
  over. She tries not to look directly at the three females as they slowly roast
  over the pit; she tries not to notice their skin turn from pink to red to bronze
  as they are turned and basted. But her eyes keep returning inexorably to this
  preview of her own future.  
 In a way, she is thankful that another misery is becoming a serious distraction.
  Hours of standing in the cramped embrace of the metal cage has turned into
  an agony. The flat metal bars of the cage floor are cutting into her feet.
  Having been standing most of the day on exhibit in the rotunda and now here,
  she is tortured by pain in her back and legs. The brief moments of relief she
  can achieve by slumping downward jams her knees against the cruel bars, leaving
  them bruised and sore.  
 The courtyard, which had largely emptied as the first set of diners wandered
  off to find new amusements while waiting for the four o'clock seating, is beginning
  to fill again. This crowd is even less sober and more noisily crude than the
  last batch. More hands squeeze her breasts and twist her nipples. More fingers
  force their way into the sensitive channel between her legs, tender and bleeding
  from the ravages of countless fingernails. Two couples, well past the inhibitions
  of sobriety, openly grope each other under their clothes as they grope her
  through the bars. A man whose face is a mass of old acne scars opens his fly
  and masturbates as he fingers her pussy and presses his face against the bars
  to suck on a nipple. He's still sober enough, she notes, to avoid the one with
  the fishhook.  
Too bad.  
 Most of the crowd's attention is focused on the three cages against the
  wall directly opposite her. Two of the women occupying those cages were on
  the plane with her: an exotic Latino beauty with full sensual lips and a lush
  figure; and a tall girl with light brown hair, sad green eyes and elegantly
  shaped limbs. The third is one of the gorgeous blondes from their first stop
  near Amsterdam. The reason for the attention they're receiving is soon chillingly
  clear. As if by magic, guards suddenly appear at all three cages and begin
  unlocking them. At the same time all the doors to the courtyard are closed
  and attended by more guards. It's time for the next sacrifice.  
 The three victims are led to the preparation area without handcuffs or shackles.
  Their only restraint is the silver choke collar by which the guards lead them.
  But of course, there's no need to restrain them. Every possible escape route
  is blocked and every free man and woman in this courtyard has a vital interest
  in making sure none of the captives leave this place alive. Lili despises these
  people and what they're doing, yet her body responds to the erotic overtones
  of the scene: three starkly nude females, on their way to execution, being
  pulled on leashes between two lines of fully clothed spectators.  
 The ritual begins again.  
 The wrists are bound, the victims strung up, their bladders drained.  
 The invocation is read, bloodlust incited.  
 DAS SCHWERT AUS ISIS!   
 Lady Luck selects the three who will cut the throats of the sacrificial
  maidens.  
 They're hanging upside down, now, from a hook between their wired ankles.
  Luscious offerings for the Goddess. Waiting. Terrified. Two of them crying.
  Forearms wired together behind them. Bodies newly shorn of hair. Nothing left
  to be singed in the fire.  
 "Heil Isis!"  
 "HEIL ISIS!"  
 Blood gushing, pumped by frightened, racing hearts through the opening in
  the slashed arteries, coursing down clear young skin into the waiting bowls.  
 Lovely young corpses, heads tilted back so the skewers can exit through
  open mouths. Pretty lips sucking on hard iron, the pointed end wet with gore
  from drilling a passage that began where life itself begins.  
 Lily watches the spits carrying the three stuffed and basted girls set in
  place over the roasting pit, their skin glistening with the first coat of oil
  and spices. A hand tightens over her right beast, but she's thoroughly numbed
  to such abuse and pays no attention. She's transfixed by a scene she's compelled,
  against her will, to watch.  
 Until he speaks.  
 "Hi, darlin.' You ready for your  turn?"  
 She recognizes the voice of the pleasant faced man from the airplane but
  won't look at him.  
 "Are we ever ready to be murdered?" she asks, surprised that she has enough
  passion left to provoke him.  
 "Best not to dwell on it," he says. "Think happy thoughts. Like, what did
  you do before your new career as a main course?"  
 "You bastard."  
 "Hey, don't get pissy with me. I'm not the one who kidnaped you, then sold
  you. I would never have sold anyone as pretty as you to this place, for these
  creeps to eat."  
 "But you don't mind eating my leftovers yourself, now that I'm here."  
 "Exactly. You're here and there's no way out of it. So why not? But don't
  blame me for putting you here."  
 "You kept me on the plane!"  
 "Excuse me! Several   Isis employees kept you on the
  plane, not just me. Not to mention the Atlantic Ocean."  
 "You could have done something  !"  
 "You think so? If I had tried to save you then, or at any time, including
  now, I would be dead. Isis is a powerful organization and takes care of its
  enemies in uncomplicated ways. I prefer not to be dead. I should think you
  could empathize with that, given your current situation."  
 "Bullshit! You could have blown the whistle on these people a long time
  ago. Instead you chose . . . you choose  to work with
  them and help murder young women. And EAT them, for God's sake!"  
 "I refer to my previous answer."  
 "Bastard!"  
 "Watch you mouth. You seem to forget I carry a cattle prod."  
 Lili takes a deep breath and says nothing for a few moments. "There are
  at least a couple hundred people in this place," she says, keeping her voice
  low and even. "How can it stay a secret? I don't know German law, but I'm sure
  it doesn't permit the slaughter and cannibalism of innocent women. All it should
  take to stop all this is one anonymous phone call to the police."  
 "Should, but won't. The answer to your question, lovely nameless lady, is
  that the top authorities in Munich as well as at the highest levels of the
  national government are paid-up members of Isis. A lot of them are right here
  at the M &auml; dchenbraten and one or two may soon be digging their forks
  into you. Think that might give me pause? You bet your soon-to-be-cooked ass
  it does! So let's cut the fantasy crap and get back to my original question.
  What were you? What did you do?"  
 "My name, whether you want it or not, is Lily Primrose and I'm a teacher.
  Grades three through five."  
 "You were a teacher. Wow. Intelligent and  tasty. What
  a combination! Most of the females who come through here can't tell a verb
  from their elbow."  
 "Why do you keep putting me in the past. I'm still alive and I'm still a
  teacher."  
 "No, honeycakes. You're meat. And your life was over the minute you were
  abducted. It would've been nice if your kidnaper had sold you to me as a fuck
  toy. I'd have kept you around for a while as my own personal pussy to play
  with. But he didn't. He sold you to Isis as meat. So we both have to suck up
  our disappointment and deal with it. Right?"  
 "You son of a b. . ." She stops herself as his hand touches the cattle prod
  on his belt. She looks away, biting her lower lip.  
 "I know," he says softly. "I'm a bastard. And I'd love to talk with you
  further, Miss Lili Primrose, but duty calls elsewhere. It's almost time to
  . . ." He sighed. "Listen, I'm really sorry I can't be your white knight and
  save you from . . . from all this. But I can't. I wish it were otherwise." He
  looks away for a moment, starts to say something more, then suddenly walks
  off.  
 Now she's alone. Alone to face all this.   
 Eternity drags by. The first six girls continue to roast, the chefs constantly
  checking them, turning them, bringing them slowly to epicurean perfection.
  The courtyard air is filled with the aroma of cooking meat and spices. A little
  like lamb, she muses, disgusted with herself at the thought. Endless, faceless
  tormentors continue the painful violations of her body. She doesn't care any
  more. She almost welcomes the distraction from the greater agony of her confinement
  in the cage. And the horrors battering her mind.  
 Horrors that come to life again for the third time as the doors bang shut
  and guards approach the three cages on the wall to her left. She recognizes
  only one of these three as they file past at the end of their silver leashes.
  The first is one of the blondes from Amsterdam. The second is Indian, exquisitely
  beautiful and very young. The third girl reminds her of an actress. Who? It
  comes to her as the girl is strung up by her wrists for the catheter. Meg Ryan.
  Now if only she could remember the name of the damned arteries!  
 She turns her head away as the three are hauled up by their ankles. She
  closes her eyes. She can't watch this time. Bad enough that she can't shut
  out the sounds.  
 Damen und Herren . . . the drawing to select the Swordbearers
      of Isis . . . pleased to announce the first winner. . . May the blood of
      these three maidens and the roasting of their flesh . . . Das Schwert aus
      Isis!   
 HEIL ISIS!   
 She weeps. Her eyelids cannot black out the vision of three more beautiful
  girls hung by their feet like sheep in a slaughterhouse, watching their young
  lives draining into bowls.  
 She loses track of time. She doesn't want to know the time. She tries not
  to think about time. When she opens her eyes again the third set of sacrifices
  are over the fire pit and on their way to the bronze stage. Nine young women
  are now roasting there. Three to go. One more seating. Her  seating.  
7. The First Seating  
 Suddenly there's a lot of activity at the table nearest where she stands
  pressed between iron grids. Young men in black pants and white shirts unbuttoned
  to the middle of their well-exercised pecs work alongside young women in dangerously
  low-cut white blouses and obscenely short black skirts. They stretch white
  linen over the long table and lay down large square plates and light blue linen
  napkins. Each napkin is soon weighed down with an arsenal of heavy-gauge stainless
  steel dinnerware, including three forks, three spoons and two knives. Water
  glasses and wine glasses sprout up, interspersed with narrow fluted vases bursting
  with carnations and roses in whites, reds, pinks, yellows and purples. Handsome
  handcrafted bowls arrive overflowing with steaming vegetables and colorful
  salads.  
 The other two tables are receiving equal treatment from other young wait
  staff.  
 Lili has counted the chairs at these tables many times during these long
  dreadful hours. Twenty settings per table times three tables is sixty dining
  guests per seating, times four seatings is two-hundred-forty banqueters in
  all. Divide two-hundred-forty by the twelve sacrificial victims, and that's
  twenty guests feasting on each roasted girl. Then there are all the waiters,
  guards, pilots, kitchen staff and other employees eating the leftovers. At
  least there should be no wasted meat, she thinks bitterly. But the frugality
  brings her little comfort.  
 With help from the kitchen assistants, the waiters bring out three more
  trestles for the spits and set them up in a central location not far from the
  roasting pit. Three stainless steel tables with butcher block tops are arrayed
  around them. A lower shelf contains stacks of large oval platters, the kind
  used for serving meat. Hanging from the sides of the tables are a variety of
  knives, cleavers and forks.  
 Lili takes in this last detail with great interest. Here's a glimmer of
  hope. If she can reach those knives, maybe she can slash her way out of here.
  Assuming the guards stick with their pattern, when they free her from the cage
  she won't be shackled. The only restraint will be the collar and leash. If
  she moves suddenly, she may be able to jerk the leash out of her guard's hands
  and make a dash for the knives? Once armed, she may be able to fend off the
  cattle prods and Tasers. Would she need to take a hostage? Put the knife to
  the throat of a smaller female guest? Would they care? Then what? How would
  she get out of here? She doesn't even know where she is. Doesn't speak the
  language. Do any of the guards have guns? Shit, none of that matters. She has
  nothing to lose. She has to take the chance!  
 Six guards use towels to wrap the ends of three spits on the roasting pit &mdash; the
  ones bearing the original three sacrificed females &mdash; then lift them off
  the pit enclosure and carry them to the waiting trestles. A fresh roast, Lili
  remembers, has to be "rested" before carving so the juices can settle into
  the meat. A while earlier the chefs had removed the foil from the heads and
  genital areas to help even out the color of the roasted skin. The girls were
  still clearly identifiable.  
 A door on one side of the courtyard opens and a hoard of semi-inebriated
  guests pour through heading toward the newly dressed tables. As they find places
  to sit, waiters emerge with trays of wine bottles and canisters of ice, some
  containing bottles of Champagne. Soon every wine glass is filled and the waiters
  depart, only to return with trays laden with hors d'oeuvres &mdash; smoked
  fish, shrimp with cocktail sauce, steamed mussels, chowders, salads and a myriad
  of other delicacies.  
 In due time, the main course is announced. The chefs stand by the spits
  with their carving knives while the guests who have purchased special cuts
  flock to the trestle area to make sure they receive their due. The most expensive
  cuts are the breasts, so care is taken to let each purchaser point out the
  one he or she has paid for (verified by the computer receipt, of course), before
  the chef slices it away from the body and places it on a plate.  
 Once all six breasts have been removed, the bodies seem to lose their aesthetic
  appeal to the guests and most meander back to their seats to drink and await
  the platters of hot meat. At this point the wires around the knees and ankles
  are cut and an electric reciprocating saw is used to sever the legs at the
  hip. The legs are placed on the butcher block tables to be carved up by the
  assistant cooks while the chefs carefully slice out the labia from the newly
  exposed crotch, and as much of the surrounding flesh as is edible. These are
  put in special saucers and served to the three men who ordered them.  
 Next the wires around the torsos and arms are snipped, the arms cut off
  at the shoulders with the saw and delivered to the carving tables. The limbless
  carcasses are then slid off the skewer and placed on separate carving tables.
  The bellies are sliced open and the stuffing scooped on to three chargers,
  one for each table. Last to be stripped from the carcasses is the rib meat
  and the juicy rump steaks.  
 Lili had told herself she would not watch this atrocity. But she does. She
  doesn't seem to have any control over herself any more. Her mind feels as brutalized
  and helpless as her body. Long after the cooks have departed and the picked-over
  remains of the dead girls have been placed in the containers for leftovers
  or dumped in garbage bags and carried out, she's still staring at the dinner
  guests &mdash; noisily conversing, drinking their wine, munching on the meat
  of their victims, toying with their desserts and laughing.  
 Laughing!  
 She has witnessed a multitude of abominations this day as she languished
  in her cage, but the most cruel and hurtful of all is the depraved indifference
  of their laughter. Derision clings to their titters and guffaws like slime
  from an infested gutter. She pounds her head on the steel bars and sobs out
  her anger and sorrow and frustration, her disgust that the human race could
  spawn such evil.  
 Then they come for her.  
8. Her Turn  
 She had hardly even noticed the swelling of the crowd wandering about among
  the tables, pawing at her through the cage. She had so inured herself to this
  loathsome swamp of humanity with their endless taunts and rude invasions that
  she had withdrawn into an anesthetized despair. She failed to perceive the
  change in the atmosphere as guards took up positions by the doors. It's not
  until a guard inserts a key in the padlock on her cage door that she's jolted
  into frightful awareness that her time has come.  
 The front of the cage swings open and a silver choke collar and leash is
  quickly slipped over her head and tightened around her neck. A second guard
  is releasing her wrists from the cuffs that held them to the sides of the cage.
  Fully alert now to the imminence of death, her heart pounds, every sense sharpened
  to painful clarity. With a shock she realizes she's looking directly into the
  pleasant face of the sandy haired guard who sat next to her on the plane, the
  man who said he wished she'd been sold to him as a "fuck toy." He tugs on her
  leash and she stumbles out of the cage, her knees buckling from the hours of
  standing immobile. He shoves a hand between her thighs and holds her up by
  her crotch until she's able to control her legs. She staggers backwards out
  of his hand to the end of her leash, angry at his impertinence, yet oddly grateful
  for his help and appalled at her flush of arousal when her clit slid past his
  fingers. Most of all, she's disconcerted that he  is the
  one who will take her to her death.  
 But why? What difference does it make who actually leads her to the platform?
  Why should she care which one hangs her up for the slaughter?  
 She remembers her plan for a possible escape and looks past him to the tables.
  They're gone, and the knives with them. They've been taken away to make room
  for this fourth influx of dining guests eager to inspect the final sacrificial
  offering, watch the preparation of the main course for the ten o'clock seating
  and maybe even help with the slaughter. The high point of a good snuff banquet.  
 So much for escape!  
 She glances to her right. All three cages have been opened and the other
  girls are equally rubbery on their legs. One of them &mdash; the last of the
  Amsterdam beauties &mdash; falls to her knees and is hauled back to her feet
  by her blonde curls. Suddenly Lili feels another grain of appreciation for
  her own guard. At this point in her ordeal she would rather be helped to her
  feet with a hand in her crotch than jerked up painfully by the hair.  
 Another tug on the leash and the little procession begins, Lili joining
  the other two women on their way to an appointment with the sacrificial knife.
  She remembers being struck by the eroticism of this scene from the viewpoint
  of an observer. Naked young females paraded through a fully dressed, jeering,
  hooting crowd. Strangely, it feels as erotic to be doing it as it did to observe,
  even though the destination is death. Maybe because of that.  
 She is acutely aware of the feeling of the ground under her feet, partly
  grass, partly flagstones, partly brick. The sensation is exquisite, her last
  contact with the earth, her last experience with the sweetness of life. Of
  existence. A thing so precious. So short.  
 Only steps away now from the platform where her life will end, from the
  upright posts and the cross beam with three ropes hanging down, hooks dangling
  from the ends. Waiting. Which one will be hers? Where will she die? Her life
  only minutes long now. Her heart hammering. Her bowels cramped. Will she disgrace
  herself at the end? No; she's been cleaned out with three enemas. Now she knows
  why.  
 The procession comes to a stop. Her legs are trembling. She keeps her face
  blank. She'll not give them the satisfaction of showing her terror. The guard
  with the pleasant face and sandy hair turns her to face her audience. Their
  smiles and excitement sicken her. She notices that he's led her to the number
  one position. She'll be the first to die. It's better that way. Get it over
  with. Is that why he put her here?  
 He's preparing the gag, a red handkerchief with a buckled leather strap
  to hold it in place.  
 "Open up," he says softly.  
 Why resist? He'll just hurt her until she does it anyway. She opens her
  mouth and feels the dry texture of the cloth on her tongue.  
 "Shhh," he whispers, as he feeds the cloth slowly into her mouth with his
  fingers.  
"Don't react. I'm going to do you a small favor. I wish I could save you
  from this because you don't deserve it, Miss Lily Primrose, but I can't. What
  I can  do is make it less easier for you. When they hang
  you up by the ankles, that's the worst part. The wire cuts right through your
  skin to the bone. Extremely painful. But I'm going to slip a little piece of
  leather under the wire so it won't hurt so much. For godsake, don't wiggle
  or squirm or you'll knock it out."  
 As he's been talking, another guard has been tying her wrists together,
  cinching the rope tight. Now he reaches for the hook and works it between her
  arms and under the ropes. She feels the hook pulling her hands up over her
  head. Her arms pull painfully in their sockets as she is lifted off the ground.
  It's worse when the guards spread her legs and tie the ropes from her ankles
  to the ground bolts. The downward pull of the ropes accentuates the strain
  on her shoulder ligaments. She holds her breath and bites hard on the gag so
  she won't cry. She's seen this ritual three times and knows exactly what to
  expect. But watching it and living it are entirely different.  
 It seems to take forever for the white-smocked women to arrive with their
  catheters and bottles. Pain flares up from her crotch as the catheter is inserted
  hastily into her pee hole and shoved callously up the urethra into her bladder,
  tearing the delicate tissues along the way. She looks down between her breasts
  and watches her urine, pink with blood, drain into the bottle. She thinks back
  to a time when hanging naked in front of a large audience while emptying her
  bladder would have been unthinkably shameful. Was that only a few days ago?
  The catheter is suddenly ripped from her urinary tract with a stab of pain.
  The attendant rushes off with the tube and the bottle of pink piss.  
 Lili is unaccountably saddened to see this last normal excretion of her
  body taken away to be discarded. How hard it is when everything you do is for
  the last time, even peeing. And to be so disposable. How soon will memories
  of her be discarded at home? When will they decide she's never coming back?
  When will they start disposing of those things that are a reminder of her existence &mdash; her
  clothes, dishes, photographs, furniture, her little Toyota Echo? Will they
  give up hope for her only after her absence is taken for granted, when it's
  too late to shed tears, to honor her with their tears? Perhaps, in the end,
  that's the true test of a person's value in this world. Has she left her footprint
  in the sand, or is she just food and garbage? Fertilizer for another generation.  
 Her ankles come together as the ropes are untied. Her feet touch the ground
  as the hook lowers. She almost weeps with relief as it drops further, carrying
  her wrists down to the level of her waist. The guards are waiting, including
  the pleasant faced man. They untie her wrists and as the blood rushes painfully
  back into her hands they wrench her arms behind her back and begin binding
  them together with wire, forearm to forearm. Wire is not rope. It hurts! It's
  twisted tight because in the cooking process her body will shrink, so they
  compensate in advance. The second guard suddenly puts an arm under her knees
  and the other around her shoulders and sweeps her feet off the ground. The
  guard who would have preferred to have purchased her as a "fuck toy" begins
  winding wire around her ankles. As he promised, he slips a narrow strip of
  leather under the wire before tightening and securing it with multiple twists.
  Lili feels the hard iron of the hook grate between her ankles and begin pulling
  her feet upward. She has stood on her feet for the last time.  
 She glances over at the other two girls and sees what she missed with the
  previous three groups. Their faces are twisted with pain. Blood is seeping
  out around the wires as they cut ever deeper into their ankles. The gags muffle
  their whimpering. Her own ankles register considerable discomfort from the
  intense tightening of the padded wires, but her suffering is obviously nothing
  like theirs.  
 The three attendants are back and with a click their clippers buzz into
  action. Lili feels the cutter bar sliding over her scalp and watches sadly
  as large locks of her long dark hair fall to the ground. In a few minutes she
  is bald, her scalp sensitized to the slightest movement of air, unaccustomed
  to the total exposure. The clippers make a painful pass over each eyebrow.
  They don't need to bother with her pussy because her abductor shaved it in
  the cabin.  
 Lili looks over at the girl next to her. Her blond curls lie in a heaped
  mass under her head. It matches the narrow strip of pubic hair the attendant
  is shaving. A natural blonde.  
 Her own attendant has made a quick application of foam and a few razor strokes
  to her eyebrows. Now she follows it with a closer shave of the vulva area.
  Apparently someone has purchased her "cunt crisps." It doesn't take long since
  the attendant doesn't care if her hurried shaving draws blood or makes the
  patient flinch.  
 Once again the three attendants gather their equipment and disappear.  
 Now it's time for the drawing. What lucky guest will have the pleasure of
  cutting her throat? Her heart is beginning to hammer again. She knows it won't
  be long. Maybe she would have preferred to be third instead of first? No. A
  few more minutes of life aren't worth the anguish of watching the others die.
  A gruesome countdown to your own execution.  
 The two men who conduct the drawing are taking their place between the victims
  and the guests. Their excitement is growing. There's the hat filled with numbers,
  one for each of them. What fun!  
 "Damen und Herren. Madams et monsieurs. Ladies and gentlemen."  
 Lili sees that the girl beside her, still beautiful despite her shaved head
  and eyebrows, has drawn blood on both elbows where her hands are constantly
  clutching and releasing them, the long fingernails digging into her flesh.
  Nervous tension? Or to distract herself from the pain in her ankles? Probably
  both. Tears are rolling from the corners of her eyes down to the blond stubble
  on her scalp.  
 Fragments of an old spiritual infiltrate Lili's thoughts. Hush,
      little baby, don't you cry; you know your momma was born to die . . . Too
      late . . . but never mind . . . all my trials . . . soon be over.   
 "The Society of Isis is pleased to announce that the first winner of the
  lottery for this sacrifice is number . . . ."  
 How appropriate it is that the guests have been reduced to mere numbers
  as well as their victims. A woman squeals with delight! Will this one be as
  squeamish at carrying out her duty as the first woman was? She hopes not. How
  hard can it be to murder a helpless young woman?  
 A moment later the happy winner of the snuff drawing is standing in front
  of her. Even upside down, Lili has no trouble recognizing the buxom bottle-blonde
  with the precarious d &eacute; colletage, the woman who had argued with her
  husband over the value of her breast meat. She seems really pleased with herself.
  Well, why not? It must be gratifying to be able to kill the woman whose tits
  so fascinated her husband. Happy anniversary!   
 "Members and guests of the Society of Isis, we welcome you to the M &auml; dchenbraten
  and to the celebration of our beloved Goddess. It is to the glory of Isis that
  we offer and dedicate the last of our sacrifices on this day. May the blood
  of these three young maidens and the roasting of their flesh be acceptable
  in her sight . . . ."  
 Lily wonders how people in the normal world deal with the knowledge of their
  impending death. People with cancer, failing organs, gunshot wounds. People
  trapped in the rubble of fallen buildings, or on sinking ships. Does it help
  when there's pain? Does that make death a welcome relief?  
 ". . . Let us, in turn, honor her bounteous favors by using our health to
  enjoy the full pleasures of our bodies, and our prosperity to seek those pleasures
  in abundance."  
 She thinks about suicide. How much pain, mental or physical, does it take
  to make someone want to throw away what she herself so dearly wants to keep,
  that one priceless possession on which everything else depends, and which,
  once discarded, can never be retrieved?  
 "Das Schwert aus Isis!"  
 "DAS SCHWERT AUS ISIS!"  
 She watches the man in the white chef's costume hand the woman hand the
  scalpel, handle first, to the woman in the daring black cocktail dress. Its
  pointed blade, sharper than a razor, glints in the late afternoon sun. Then
  it disappears from her view as the woman thrusts it aloft.  
 "Heil Isis!" she cries.  
 The crowd, flushed with drink and ecstatic with anticipation of the first
  killing, shouts back. "HEIL ISIS!"  
 Lili closes her eyes. Her heart is pounding wildly!  
 A sharp sting on the left side of her neck. Another on the right. Warm liquid
  washes down both sides of her inverted face in a pulsing tide. It collects
  on her chin and spills into the corners of her mouth, soaking into the gag.
  For some reason the taste of it makes her open her eyes. They're immediately
  flooded by the torrent of blood, blurring her vision. When she tries to blink
  it away, it collects on her lashes. Blood runs into her nose, blocking it up.
  Her lungs demand air and she snorts out a spray of blood that rains back on
  her face. She looks towards the ground at the bowl that's been placed under
  her head. It's filling rapidly with the blood that her heart is frantically
  pumping through the severed arteries in a futile effort to restore pressure.  
 Carotid!  That's the name of the arteries! The carotid
  arteries. She will be dead in a few more seconds, and yet that small triumph,
  remembering the name of the damned arteries, gives her a little peace of mind.
  Just when she needs it most. A curious sort of closure.  
 Her heart is fluttering. It's running out of blood to pump. It can't keep
  up with the outflow. Because she's upside down, there's still blood in her
  brain, but it's running out of oxygen. It can't get back to the lungs for refreshment
  because the pressure in her viens has dropped to zero. She knows this. And
  there's nothing she can do.  
 She's getting light-headed, like an overdose of cold pills. Very dizzy.  
 She closes her eyes again. Doesn't want them open when her corpse is taken
  down, like some game animal shot in the woods.  
 She tries to flex her hands at her elbows, but if it happened she can't
  feel it. In fact, she can't feel anything, even the padded wires gripping her
  ankles.  
 Which reminds her, she wants to thank that sandy haired guard for his small
  kindness. What did he call her? A fuck toy? She tries to remember what a fuck
  toy would do, but it's hard to think in a straight line. Everything is so fuzzy
  now. So muddled.  
 She's spinning. Spinning in numbed silence. A heavy spinning silence. Pressing
  in on her. She doesn't have the strength to break through it.  
 She's too tired, anyway. Too tired to think any more.  
 Or care.  
 And too sleepy.  
 So very sleepy.  
 Best just to sleep.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  C. A. Smith


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





