BDSM Library - C.U.F.F.S.




C.U.F.F.S.
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story about a young couple's journey intending on  pushing their sexual excitement to the limits they thought each other wanted but an unexpected detour took them down an ever deepening fall into humiliation, depravation, pain  and finally total forced slavery.C.U.F.F.S. { Consensual, Ultimate
  acceptance, Future Forced Slave
  }  
By DJC  
Chapter One  
It started out as fun.  
Susan Banks, 29 years old. Had and still has the looks of a model which she
  always dreamt of being at a teen before she got married. Her only problem if
  you can call it a problem were her breasts. Too big for most of today's skin
  and bone fashion models. She told those who suggested it, that she had no desire
  to be a bimbo for swim suit modeling or worse. Secretly she would have jumped
  at the opportunity if her family or friends wouldn't have found out about it.
  Susan got wet even thinking of thousands of men jerking off looking at her
  body in pictures. Pictures that never came about because of her strict up bringing
  and not really having someone who supported such risqu&eacute; thoughts.  
That was until she met Bob. One could never say they were the perfect couple
  as Bob was a bit of a workaholic but Sue saw things in him that went way beyond
  his mediocre looks. Bob was a man of ideas, often off the wall ideas and even
  more than a little of a risk taker. This was something in a man, Susan had
  never experienced before. All her small town boy friends were straight laced
  and always coloring inside the lines.  
Bob and Sue got married within a year of dating. Sue was happy that her parents
  weren't alive to object to her marriage. They would have never approved of
  a divorced man 8 years her senior. They had always hassled her about who she
  dated and how she acted even up till she was 20. This was mainly because of
  her older sister Jill. Jill was 10 years older than Susan. She left their small
  town when she was only 18 and immediately got herself knocked up. Unmarried
  with a little girl, Jill's parents were devastated and refused to ever talk
  to her. But before she died, her mother asked Sue to contact her sister and
  always be there for her. She did and the sisters became close even though they
  lived a good 200 miles apart.  
So Bob and Sue got married and it was typical bliss for the first year, year
  and a half or so until Bob moved into a management role and his work began
  taking time away from the marriage.  
It became obvious to both of them what was beginning to happen. Bob wasn't
  going to let another marriage slip down the drain so they began talking about
  how to spice up their marriage. It was the opportunity Sue had imagined. She
  eased into how she felt about some off the wall sexual ideas and in a short
  time they began making plans.  
First step was for Sue to get herself a few sexy outfits. Bob was not shocked
  about her idea of buying an outfit that might be a bit risqu&eacute;. As a
  matter of fact he told her to go for something outright slutty. It was fun
  and exciting the day they went to the mall. Susan couldn't believe how just
  how wet her panties were as they drove to the mall. True they didn't have the
  courage to shop in their own town's malls so they drove to Brook View a short
  18 miles south.  
Picking out the right outfit soon became a challenge between them. First
  Sue came out in a red filmy cocktail dress, so short that the hem was a mere
  3 inches from flashing her panties.  
Bob asked what about showing a little of those melons. He held up a black
  number nearly as short but with a wide open front that would show plenty of
  cleavage. Sue nearly climaxed when she put it on and dared to step out of the
  dressing room to show Bob. It was obvious at first glance her husband had a
  hard on from just imagining her going out in public in such an outfit.  
It was Sue's turn to show she could be as bold as him. "What's the matter
  hubby? Afraid if your baby shows a bit too much skin you'll chicken out?"  
Bob said, "Tell you what slut wife. You get your ass back in there and I'll
  pick out two outfits. You can choose which one you want to go home in but there
  is no turning back, right?"  
Sue smiled. This was exactly the excitement she wanted to feel. Wanton, sexy,
  hell slutty.  
She couldn't help fingering herself as she waited for Bob's new choices.
  She just finished her climax when Bob knocked on the changing room's door.
  Sue put out her hand to take the outfits. "Oh no. Give me the clothes you came
  in wearing." he demanded. In a few seconds she held out the skirt and blouse
  she wore to the mall. But Bob didn't hand her any outfits. "I said the clothes
  you came in wearing."  
"I gave you everything." She replied getting a little worried what he was
  plotting.  
"No, not everything." Bob replied.  
It became obvious what he wanted. Soon the bra and panties came flying out. "Can
  I keep my shoes?" She defiantly asked. He replied he wanted them too.  
What the fuck was he up to? This was a clubwear dress store, not a shoe store
  but she wasn't about to be the one who backs down today.  
Finally, her husband handed her the two outfits he just picked out. Susan
  immediately noted how little material there was for two complete dresses.  
The first outfit was a white PVC dress. Sue struggled to shimmy into it and
  once on tingled with excitement at what she saw in the mirror. The material
  stretched tightly and molded every curve of her body and the thin white plastic
  material clearly was designed to be worn with undergarments because her breasts
  not only appeared to look like they were only covered by a thin coating of
  white paint but also the tightness pushed her already large breasts together
  creating an over flowing cleavage affect. But the worse was how short and tight
  the bottom molded and showed off her bare ass cheeks while the hem was a meager
  inch below her now bare pussy. Her nipples and areolas were clearly discernable
  through the filmy stretched plastic and depending on how she stood or moved
  so too was the dark triangle of her love nest.  
Bob giggled when she heard his wife's frustrating sighs and groans within
  the dressing room.  
The next dress seemed to Sue to be nothing more than a red hot pile of straps
  and belts. It had narrow bands which came from a halter type top that covered
  less than a third of each of her full firm tits. There basically was no back
  nor sides to the top. The top came all the way down to below her navel where
  an equally short shirt had slits up the front of both thighs. Again without
  underwear, a wrong stride and one of those slits could part enough to expose
  her naked pussy. Sue noted the size before she tried it on. It was a 4 and
  she knew she told Bob to pick out size 6's when she told him he could pick
  out the outfits.  
"Ah, honey sweetie." She called to him. "I don't suppose the fact that both
  of these outfit are 2 sizes smaller than I need was a mistake by any chance
  was it?"  
"Well my horny wet darling. You told me I could pick ANY outfit for you to
  choose and you said you would deal with it so pick one to be my slut in."  
Sue bit her lip but her arousal and the excitement and thrill of it all was
  what she wanted and she sure as hell was feeling it now. She walked out in
  the white PVC. Turned to show it off to Bob and countered with her own snide
  comment. "Do you mind much if we get them both. I wouldn't want to be seen
  in the same dress too often when we go out."  
Her husband was shocked. He was completely convinced with the deliberate
  raunchy choices of outfits he had given her that she would have give up in
  this game and declared him the winner. Instead she was challenging him even
  further.  
"Now if I may have my shoes we can go now." She stated with a wanton smirk.  
"Holy fuck." Bob thought to himself. "She's really willing to walk out of
  this store and into the mall in that slut outfit. He was shocked at her boldness
  but it was her smirking that really set him off again.  
"I believe there are shoe stores where we can purchase a pair or two stilettos
  to go with those outfits. Why don't you wait for me out in front of the store
  while I pay for these things. At last Bob saw the first inkling of apprehension
  in his wife's expression. "Push me will you woman. I'll show you two can push
  the limits to the extreme."  
Bob and Sue fucked like teenagers that night. In reality, they couldn't even
  wait the 18 mile drive. Sue gave him a blow job during the ride home. Bob lasted
  only a short time before her exploded.  
They both recalled the look the young sales clerk at the shoe store had when
  Sue sat in the chair before him and he got an unobstructed view of her naked
  cunt with the short plastic dress' hem riding up her thighs as she tried on
  6 different pairs of shoes. They bought one 5" strap on pair of heels and a
  6" pair of stilettos that she had difficulty even standing up in.  
Both Bob and sue had to admit the day was the most arousing time they had
  in months and promised to keep the fires burning with other innovations. Susan
  was so happy that Bob not only seem to understand her longing to let her wild
  side out a bit but was an enthusiastic partner in helping her play the part
  of Slutty Sue.  
 TO BE CONTINUED  
C.U.F.F.S. { Consensual, Ultimate
  acceptance, Future Forced Slave
  }  
By DJC  
Chapter 2  
The craving for more  
The next step was clear to both of them. Sue dressed in her hot red dress.
  The more she looked at herself in the mirror the more she noticed just how
  revealing the outfit really was. She remembered it was backless but hadn't
  noticed that it dipped so low that the top of her ass crack peaked out. Still
  that would not be her concern where they were going. They planned on exhibiting
  her at a common bar and with so much tit and those ever dangerous slits prone
  to reveal her bare pussy she had enough to worry or more like feel excited
  about.  
But after the night was over, she admitted to Bob she was disappointed. Oh
  sure she got plenty of stares and sex hungry looks from a good dozen or so
  men. And when she did her cunt gushed shamefully to the point both she and
  Bob noticed her aroused fragrance. But as Sue tried to explain to her husband,
  in a lot of ways it was the same as showing off at the mall only in a bit more
  suggestive manor and seeder place. The problem she thought was she felt like
  a model in a magazine. She was displayed, desired and maybe even jerked off
  to that evening by a few of the guys there but unapproachable and definitely
  untouchable with her husband right at the table with her.  
"You mean you want to be touched by a stranger?" Bob asked.  
Even though she had some uneasiness about this Susan had fantasized so often
  with being sexually touched by someone other than her husband. Maybe during
  a dance with an aggressive partner or perhaps allowing someone's hand to venture
  a bit more than normal at a bar. But nothing more really. And what a hell of
  a turn on it would be if she knew he was watching her. The trouble was the
  look Bob had when he asked the question. He looked like he'd be devastated
  if she just screamed yes and yet she didn't want this opportunity to express
  herself pass by. "I&hellip; ah, I think I could handle it. I mean hell close
  dancing is a lot of touching and I'll admit I have a desire to see if I would
  be ok with it." There she said it sort of. At least her husband knew she'd
  be ok with touching.  
Bob was silent for only about 15-20 seconds but it seemed like an eternity
  before he said. "Ok fine. Hell in one of those two outfits and pretending to
  be alone, I'm not sure you can keep some guy's hands off you anyway. Just hope
  once he finds out how wet your cunt is or how hard your nipples are, you can
  hold him off from jumping your bones right then and there.&quot;  
It was Susan's turn to be quiet for a few seconds. Bob was thinking of his
  hand touching my pussy or on my tits. That's a hell of a lot more than I though
  he'd be ok with the first time. Suddenly she pushed for a little more. "What
  about me?" she asked.  
"What do you mean what about you?  
"I mean can I touch back? I mean would you be ok with that?" she stumbled
  to get it out.  
This time Bob's reply was quicker and snappier. "I guess so. I mean you're
  the star player in this escapade and besides I suppose you can't just sit there
  like a blow up doll."  
There it was said and out in the open. Susan was so wet now that she dragged
  Bob's pants down and gave him her best blowjob ever and swallowed his cum.
  Something she rarely ever did.  
The week seemed to take forever to pass before Friday night. Susan once again
  dressed in the red dress. Her rational was that it would give better access
  to most every important part of her body unlike the PVC dress that mainly showed
  her body off more.  
Both Bob and Sue asked each other perhaps a half dozen times if they were
  ok with the plans. Both needed this reassurance on what they were about to
  do. The plan was for Bob to go into the lounge first. He would set himself
  up at the bar while Susan waited 15 minutes before entering. She could decide
  whether or not to take a table or booth depending both on where some possible
  action might be and to be within suitable sight of her husband. The only problem
  being they had no idea of the layout of the place since they once again drove
  to Brook View some 18 miles from their town. They didn't want to accidentally
  run into a friends from Summerville or anybody from Bob's office.  
Sue gave Bob a long kiss and thanked him for letting her do this. "No thank
  you", he said pointing to the bulge in his pants. "I'm sure you can thank me
  when we get home." he winked and headed toward the door.  
Susan sat wringing her hands and taking deep breaths. She knew she really
  really wanted to do this yet it was a hell of a limit pusher. Damn if she could
  only control her pussy from twitching. She was afraid she'd cum before she
  ever got out of the car.  
Finally she opened the car door. "Ok boys, here I come." She whispered as
  her stiletto heels clicked across the asphalt driveway.  
Her first impression was it was less than a first class lounge. Not that
  it was raunchy, just not your cocktail and class place. There were no booths,
  and all the tables were the high round top kind that was supported by a single
  pole and high stool chairs. She quickly realized she couldn't seat herself
  at one of these because the high slit in the skirt would expose her easily.
  Before they left the house, Bob told her the bikini panties she had on were
  not part of the outfit and if she was going to be Slutty Susan, then she'd
  have to abide by the original outfit as purchased. Sue knew this would make
  things 10 times more difficult than her fantasy yet she couldn't show any apprehension
  or her husband might have second thoughts.  
Her choice of seating was soon chosen for her as the two guys possibly in
  their 30s who had spotted her the moment she entered the lounge invited her
  over. Not anticipating anything like this, Susan approached them like a moth
  to a flame.  
"Alright baby. What will you have?"  
Susan could feel herself shaking as she looked at the two men leering at
  her. One guy was short and thin. He had a mustache and very thick eyebrows
  that made him look mean even though he was grinning at her. The other guy who
  initially invited her over was about 30 pounds overweight for his size and
  slightly balding. Neither were faintly close to what the guy in her fantasy
  would look like. Sue hadn't thought about drinking, just her experience. "Ah
  just a white wine." She softly replied. The heavy guy nodded to the bartender
  to get a wine while the other got up from his bar stool and move one over so
  there would be an empty seat for Sue between them. Suddenly she felt a hand
  on her bare back as he nudged her to get on the stool. His touch startled her
  at first.  
Although succeeding in keeping the dress' slit from flash her pussy, there
  was nothing she could do to prevent the panels of the dress from falling off
  to either side of her thighs with just the center portion of the hem to cover
  her bare hot cunt. Susan blushed deeply as she noted both guys staring in surprise
  at the fact this gorgeous 22 year old babe was obviously brazenly bare ass
  naked under the scanty outfit she wore.  
"I'm Ralph and this is my buddy Jim." The heavy set guy said as he continued
  to leer at her body.  
"Hi." Sue could barely get out. She took a deep breath. "I'm ah Sue." She
  wasn't sure for a minute whether or not to give her real name but it just came
  out. Unexpectedly she thought of Bob and looked to both sides of the bar for
  him. She caught sight of him on the end intently watching his wife's predicament.  
"Nice dress, Sue." Ralph complemented while putting his hand on her waist.
  Sue shuttered. This was it. Could she allow this? She glanced toward her husband.
  From where Bob sat, he couldn't see Ralph's hand slow inching up the front
  V of the dress. Bob winked at Sue and snickered.  
Ralph couldn't believe his incredible luck. First this gorgeous young woman
  in an extremely sexy outfit walks into the bar and accepts his and Jim's invitation
  to join them and now she wasn't resisting his advances. It was now Ralph's
  turn to hesitate as his chubby fingers were just to the bottom of her firm
  breast. Should he go for it. Would she slap him and walk out?  
Ralph looked over towards his buddy who's mouth and eyes were wide open as
  he watched his drinking buddy's venturous frontal assault. Jim nodded and Ralph's
  hand moved to cup her breast. He could feel the young woman's warm chest rising
  and falling as she began panting. "You're one hot bitch aren't you." He whispered
  as he played with her tit.  
Sue didn't even notice when Jim took her hand and placed it on his crotch
  but he was now rubbing it up and down his hard shaft.  
This was all going way too fast. Her fantasy was more of a flirting and slow
  progression kind of scenario with a romance novel hunk. Instead here she was
  being felt up by a pudgy 30 year old and his friend in a bar. And yet she was
  so near to a climax. It was wrong and great at the same time.  
"How's about we go in back and play a little pool." Ralph said pulling her
  to a standing position as he made the statement. "Jim get some quarters. We'll
  meet you in back and shot some balls." He said with a wink. "She seems like
  she might be good with a stick."  
They were up and heading for a back room were a pool table and some side
  tables were. Bob started to get up to stop her then thought about how enthusiastic
  she was about tonight. He knew he couldn't follow them back there without blowing
  the fact they were together but he didn't like the fact she'd be out of his
  sight with two grubby strangers.  
Two old guys who were also at the bar watched Ralph and Jim heading in the
  back room with the tramp who came in. "Looks like the boys are in for a little
  fun." One of them said turning back to his drink. "If I was about 30 years
  younger I'd like a go at the slut too."  
Bob looked toward the doorway but from where he was sitting he couldn't see
  into the room. If he moved to position himself to look in, it would obvious
  to the bartender and these two guys. They'd probably think he was some kind
  peeking Tom. Although Bob was all in favor of allowing his wife to play out
  her fantasies, he didn't like the idea of being considered some kind of pervert.
  She knew he was out there and if things got out of hand she could call or run
  out to him. Bob ordered another drink and waited.  
Meanwhile, Jimmy and Ralph put the money in the table and brought out the
  balls to pretend they were really interested in play pool. Neither was sure
  just how far this babe would go and didn't want to scare her off too fast. "You
  like to play?" Ralph asked with the transparent leading question."  
'What do you think? Sue replied in the same sassy tone she uses with Bob
  when they are bantering.  
"I think we should make the game interesting by a little wager."  
Ah oh. Susan felt herself cornered but she never felt so alive, self-conscious
  and so turned all at once. "Like what?" she responded a little less brazen.  
"We'll play cut throat. First person out pays." He said and winked at Jimmy.  
"Ah for one thing I'm not too good of a pool shooter and for another, I didn't
  bring a lot of money."  
Jimmy kind of skulked up behind her. "You got a lot of assets to bet honey.
  And I bet a lot more skill with a stick than you're than you're letting on.
  Probably a real hustler, don't you think Ralph?"  
"I'll bet she is too. Tell you what Sue. We'll play 3 games for say five
  bucks a game. Since you don't have any money, we'll let you make a worthwhile
  offer. Ok?"  
She was doing everything she could to keep from shaking. "Ok." She replied
  but not sure what exactly she was agreeing to.  
They offered to let Sue break. As she lean to take a shot she realized her
  bare ass and cunt would easily be seen if she lean too far. Her shot barely
  hit the rack as she became ever self-conscious. The game was under way. Sue
  had just two more shots as both men ganged up on disposing of her balls rather
  than actually trying to win themselves. "Guess you lose that one, babe. What
  do you offer as payment?"  
Susan's heart was pounding. She couldn't offer too much or this would quickly
  get way out of hand. "I'll give each one of you boys a big wet kiss, ok? She
  said nervously smiling.  
"Ah hold on honey I think we were thinking something a bit more like a fuck
  or blow job. Right Ralph?" Jimmy perked up.  
"Oh no. I can't do that fellas." As she fidgeted she felt her ring. "I'm
  a married woman. I mean I'm out for a good time and all but I don't fuck around."  
The heavy set guys knew if they pressed too much they could lose a good thing
  here. "Ok, no fucking but show us your tits then." Ralph offered.  
Sue considered this for a few seconds and figured it wasn't that big of a
  price to pay. Granted a steeper price than a wet kiss and her next offer would
  have been to let them feel her tits through the dress but this was ok too she
  guessed.  
Slowly she pulled the narrow strip off her left breasts and posed to show
  it as her hand went to do the same with her right. She stood for a few seconds
  with her chest held high smiling before she shook them like a stripper. Teasing
  was always a thrill for her and tonight was the boldest taunting she had ever
  imagined attempting "Ok?" she asked as she began to cover them up again.  
Great tits Sue but what are you doing. You lost. You just leave them melons
  out there and we'll start game two.  
Sue's mild protest was over ruled by a slightly bias 2 to 1 vote.  
Meanwhile Bob kept trying to lean over enough to see what was happening through
  the archway leading into the back room. Twice he had seen his wife moving around
  holding a pool stick as she played the first game but now there wasn't any
  movement. "You want another?" the bartender startled him as he was intently
  concentrating on trying to figure out what was going on back there.  
"Ah yah. Hey where are the washrooms?" he asked hoping they would be somewhere
  through the backroom or at least passing that archway.  
The bartender pointed in a far corner. "Listen you want to peek at that hot
  bitch, no one gonna blame you. Just plant yourself over with old Paul and Clem
  there. They've been watching her bend over showing her ass as she's been leaning
  over the table. They got the best seat next to Jimmy and Ralph back there."  
Bob felt his face flush with embarrassment but wanted nothing more than to
  be able to see the show. When he moved next to the two older guys he was shocked
  to see his wife with her tits totally out of the dress' top as she waited with
  her pool stick in hand to take her next shot. "Well Suzie Slut doesn't seem
  to be in any distress." He thought to himself.  
"Wow look at them knockers on that gal." One of them said. "You ever seen
  a nicer pair than those lately?" The other old guy said something like he hasn't
  seen a pair of nice tits in years. Bob laughed and said he had. A rack just
  like that one.  
Sue's second game was worse than her first since she was twice as self-conscious
  about walking around with her breasts swinging. When the game was over the
  three players moved to the side of the room where they could not be seen by
  their eager audience, including her husband, at the bar.  
"You lose again Sue. I think the dress comes off for that." Ralph said with
  a new authoritarian tone. Sue tried to think of an alternative but knew there
  was little to gain by suggesting anything less.  
"Ok but I want to know what you expect before we play the last game." Sue
  was now timidly cringing as they cornered her against the back wall.  
"We'll lets think what you can offer&hellip;." Jimmy's statement was abruptly
  stopped when Ralph hit his shoulder and told him to shut up.  
This alarmed Susan. She was afraid he might get physical. "The dress sweetie." He
  repeated holding out his hand.  
"I just want to set everything straight as to what the next game's payment
  will be." Sue voice had lost all of her previous sassiness.  
"Now!" Ralph demanded. He was pretty sure he could get away with his act
  at dominating the situation. After all here was this married woman who had
  gone this far. The dress easily slipped off with one motion. She placed it
  on a stool in the corner. Turning back the two men's smirks were from ear to
  ear. "You got yourself one hell of a fucken great body. Little lady. Turn around
  and show it off."  
Sue's nipples were so hard they stood out like bullets and hurt. Her cunt
  was twitching and she felt like she was about to cum even without being touched.
  The heavy set guy whispered something in his buddies ear who smiled and nodded.  
"Go ahead and break." He told her. But as Sue bent over to take the shot
  she bolted upright. Jimmy had slipped his hand up between her legs and grabbed
  her cunt.  
"Shit, is she ever fucken wet." He said holding up his hand with Susan's
  cunt juices coating the two fingers he was able to swipe through her slit.  
"Hope the lady gives better blowjobs than she shoots pool." Ralph laughed
  because her reaction sent the cue ball weakly rolling across the green table
  top.  
Sue began to protest but knew how it would turn out no matter what. What
  she didn't notice as she made her feeble protest about Ralph's insinuation
  about blowjobs, was Jimmy going out into the bar area. Ralph walked around
  the table pretending to judge several options. In reality, they decided to
  stretch out this game with this stunning butt naked woman as long as they could.
  He barely looked down at the table as he mumbled about the possible shots he
  might have. By the time Jimmy came back and sat himself behind her, Sue was
  beyond humiliation. She attempted to cover her bountiful tits with her arm
  and kept her legs closed partly to hide her nudity but mostly to conceal just
  how aroused she was. Ralph stopped walking around and put his cue stick against
  the wall. "What the hell are you doing?" He asked looking at Sue in the corner.  
"What?"  
"Just what the hell are you doing covering yourself. You lost game two. Your
  price was to show off that great body." Sue let her arm slowly lower exposing
  her breasts. The more Sue complied the more assured Ralph felt that he could
  push this submissive woman to further limits. "Now you're going to have to
  pay for trying to weasel out on your bet." The woman's look of fear and yet
  not demanding that the game was over, spoke volumes even to someone as dunce
  as Ralph. The woman came in looking for trouble, she was standing naked and
  was probably willing to submit herself to more. "Interlace your fingers together
  and place your hands behind your neck. She began panting but obeyed. Why? She
  couldn't even answer it days later but it seemed so right at the moment. This
  vaunted her big breasts up and outward. "And spread your legs too." Jimmy suggested.  
Ralph nodded in agreement but Sue realized they would keep taking this further
  and further until they requested more than she was willing to allow. She had
  a feeling they wouldn't stop until they demanded to fuck her and this she wasn't
  ready for. Sue turned to retrieve her dress and tell them game was over. The
  chair she placed it upon was empty. Jimmy couldn't contain his giggle when
  she realized he had taken it.  
"Give me my dress back." She demanded.  
"A bets a bet. Sweet Cheeks." Jimmy responded.  
"You agreed to three games of pool and the consequences." Ralph added. "Now
  being gentlemen, we wouldn't force ourselves on a lady but you ain't no fucken
  lady. You said it yourself you're a cheating wife. If you want to go, go but
  until you pay off your bet, we'll be holding the dress as say collateral."  
Susan made a quick assessment of the small pool room. Her dress was clearly
  wasn't in this room and who knows where Jimmy could have put it. She knew she
  couldn't go out and do the entire drive back to Summerville naked. She also
  didn't want their first attempt to go badly by causing a nasty scene. "Ok.
  Listen. I am a married woman. I wanted a wild night. Something a little different."  
"A little?" Jimmy laughed.  
"Ok a lot but if you try and force yourselves on me to fuck me I promise
  you I will go to the police and tell them everything. They may not charge you
  with rape but I promise it will be a nightmare in court battles. My husband
  is a lawyer." She lied.  
When neither man flinched she decided to play her last chip before calling
  out for Bob's rescue. "I'll finish my commitment and pay my bet but nothing
  more than blowjobs. Ok?  
"Holy shit." Jimmy mumbled.  
Ralph was a little disappointed he wouldn't get to fuck such a choice piece
  of meat but if anyone told him he would have a bombshell of a babe naked and
  offering him a blowjob tonight at his favorite bar he would have bet them a
  years salary they were nuts.  
Still Ralph enjoyed the short lived power he got from this woman when he
  was in control. What the hell. He thought, it was worth a try and he could
  always relent to her offer. "Ok, Sue, no one will fuck you but you have to
  completely follow all our instructions until after everyone gets their blowjobs
  or you can leave now. That's our final offer."  
Sue thought for a second. This still could be wild and if they stuck to their
  promise not to fuck her, what the hell. She nodded and answered. "Ok."  
"Ok then. Now this all started with you refusing to stand and wait for your
  shot in the proper position. Now get your fucken ass over in that doorway.
  Put your hands back behind your neck and spread your legs so those fuck me
  heels are touching each of the door jams."  
As Sue walked to the doorway between the pool room and the bar, Bob and the
  other three out in the bar area all saw her for the first time in all her glory. "What
  the fuck has been going on in there? Bob thought as he got up from his bar
  stool. While the two old men and bartender made comments and catcalls about
  the sight before their eyes. Sue glanced over her shoulder. Bob was about to
  approach. He mouthed the question. "You OK?" Sue nodded yes. As he went back
  to his seat, he kept smirking and remembering everything Sue told him. "I'll
  be fine. I have to allow a little petting and it might lead to a little more
  but I can control it." Now there she was stark naked and doing what with her
  legs spread wide open. Damn he had one hell of a hard on enjoying this.  
"I believe it's still my shot." Ralph said as he lined up his shot and deliberately
  missed to expand the time Sue would have to endure her submission. Jimmy shot
  next and sank one of Sue's number balls. Ralph came up to him and whispered
  something in his ear. Jimmy grin. His next shot left the cue ball nearly in
  the center of the table. "Your' shot slut." Ralph announced.  
By now the bartender and his two regulars and unbeknown to everyone else
  the slut's husband all moved to a table near the pool room door way to get
  a better view of what was going on. To shoot Sue was forced to lean way over
  the table. Both men used their cue sticks to play with her ass and pussy as
  she bent over. Sue hit a few balls around but nothing went in. Ralph pointed
  for her to return to her position.  
Both Ralph and Jimmy kept deliberately missing shots but making sure they
  never left Sue with anything to make even if she could with one or the other
  or both grabbing at her ass, playing with their cue sticks between her legs
  and for three shots in a row, playfully spanked her ass until she was about
  to actually shot then laying a pretty good whack across her firm ass. The fact
  she didn't protest any further or object in anyway told everyone she was enjoying
  it all. The fact that her cunt hairs were glistening with dampness, indicated
  just how much of a slut she was.  
Finally the game was over. Ralph ordered her to kneel and take his cock while
  she kept her hands behind her head. He grabbed her hair and worked her mouth
  hard and deep on his cock until he was about to cum then pulled out just at
  the last minutes and spewed his load all over her face. He laughed as he invited
  Jimmy to take his place.  
Jimmy was much bigger where it counted than his body would suggest. Sue worked
  his cock and gag as he rammed it deep down her throat. When he was about to
  explode he threaten if she lost a drop of his cum she would be sorry. Sue choked
  down his sperm. She had only tasted Bob's sperm before and not often. She wasn't
  into swallowing cum but she did a great job this time.  
Thinking she was finally done, Ralph called to the stranger in the bar. "You
  want a go at this slut buddy?"  
Bob stood up. "Yah sure, why not."  
Sue looked shocked. "Hey wait a minute."  
Ralph stopped her before she could protest. "I said you will obey our instructions
  until everyone got their blowjobs."  
"But I didn't make a bet with anyone else." she protested.  
"Fine. Go home naked. I don't care. I got mine."  
Sue couldn't believe Bob played along. He insisted she swallow his cum knowing
  she didn't like to do it. Next the bartender stood in front of her. He took
  forever to finally shoot his load. Her face and chest were now coated with
  cum.  
She couldn't believe the two old men wanted a shot too. As she began working
  on one of the two, she noticed Bob say something to the bartender. The bartender
  laughed out loud before handing him a bundle and he began to leave the bar. "Catch
  you in the car sweetie."  
Ten minutes later, a naked cum cover slut came running out to the car where
  Bob was grinning. "You bastard. How could you have left me in there and to
  take my dress? What is up with that?" she roared.  
"Ah wait a minutes Suzy Slut, I believe you said there would be some fondling,
  maybe heavy petting. I figured a naked run to the car was nothing after all
  that."  
Bob wasn't sure if she was angry or so excited still that she was raving. "Find
  a damn motel. I can't wait for the ride home. You have to fuck me now." She
  giggled.  
 ------TO BE CONTINUED----- ---  
C.U.F.F.S. { Consensual, Ultimate
  acceptance, Future Forced Slave
  }  
By DJC  
Chapter 3  
Can't Get Enough  
The influence of their initial game was enough to keep both Bob and Sue horny
  for weeks. They couldn't keep their hands off each other thinking back how
  wild the night's play went. Then one night Sue hinted at a repeat. She said
  she was fantasizing about it for days and wanted more. Bob eagerly agreed.  
For the next 3 months they played out similar scenarios but of the half dozen
  ventures only one came close to being as exciting to Sue. They tried going
  to different lounges and doing the same things but soon discovered that in
  spite of Susan's magnificent body and looks, there had to be the right combination
  of willing men and a business owner willing to risk such a scene.  
They tried, sports clubs. Sue got a lot of feeling up and even gave blowjobs
  but these were in the bathrooms or somewhere out of Bob's sight and always
  one on one. There was no shortage of men who wanted to take her to a motel
  or some place else but nothing like what happen at the first bar and pool room.  
Then one night they passed an adult book/novelty store. They both thought
  the same thing. There was probably a good supply of men that had few taboos
  about sex and perhaps a few that would be bold enough to turn them on. They
  planned their scenario. Sue would go in shopping for a sexy outfit and when
  she targeted a guy who was obviously interested in her, she would approach
  him and ask if he'd be willing to give his opinion on a choice of a sexy outfit
  she wanted to buy for her husband's surprise birthday party. It was up to her,
  depending on his level of his response just what she would offer for his assistance.
  Bob scouted out the right store. It had a selection of outrageous sexy outfits,
  a changing room and yet wasn't so upscale that they would toss her out if things
  went well. Bob even told her 6 outfits he wanted her to try on and told her
  to buy the one the guy picked.  
That Friday night Bob drove his wife to Hot Stuffs. Sue wore a pair of tight
  shorts and halter top but nothing like the two outfits she'd been wearing to
  the bars and other places. Then again the idea was for her to end up buying
  her third sexy outfit. Of course as always since day one, she had not worn
  any underwear. As a matter of fact Sue hadn't been wearing underwear of any
  kind most of the time. It made her feel lewd and racy.  
"Well here it goes." She said with a smile and kiss for her husband. Susan
  got out and quickly walked to the door. In spite of the fact she'd already
  done similar stunts in the past few weeks, the risk always sacred her a little
  but her moist pussy overruled any intellectual considerations about such perils
  she might face.  
For some reason she pictured the place to be dingy and raunchy but the store
  was roomy, clean and well lighted. Maybe too well lighted, was her first impression
  as she thought about coming back out into the store to model outfit's Bob had
  chosen for her to wear.  
Her first task was to find the women's clothing section. A big sign over
  three racks of clothes labeled the department. Naughty wear. She looked for
  the outfit's Bob had described to her to pick out. "Humm, he didn't exactly
  describe them adequately. Yes there was the hot pink latex dress, but he kind
  of forgot to mention it was barely opaque. The black fake leather outfit had
  twin holes where her nipples would protrude through. They were all less than
  advertised and she felt her pussy beginning to trickle. She couldn't hold back
  her excitement.  
Susan began to look around to find a guy who might be interested in assisting
  her. There was no shortage of attentive males. There were no less than 6 guys
  who ranged from slyly sneaking a peek at her to 3 of them who blatantly watched
  her pick through the clothes or more likely at her hard protruding nipples
  in her halter top. Sue looked toward the front door as her husband entered. "And
  the games begin." She thought to herself.  
Sue had already decided on her choice of men to ask for assistance. He was
  one of the three who wasn't afraid to look at her directly. She thought she
  saw him smile at her before. As she approach, he stood and watched her boobs
  giggle in the halter. Sue could feel her face flush as she knew just how she
  appeared as well as what she planned to ask him. "Excuse me sir. I was wondering
  if you could give me your opinion about several outfits that would be sexy
  enough&hellip;.." she blushed deeper, "actually slutty for a surprise party
  I want to through my husband."  
There she said it. She felt her heart pounding. She felt like she just said
  look at me I'm a whore. Then again she just about called herself a slut.  
"Like what do you want?" he grumbled. His gruff response was much less than
  she was expecting. "What the hell do I know what your husband would want."  
Ah, husband. The H word seem to turn him off. She saw the guy check her hand
  for a wedding ring. Sue realized she would have to block out this negativism
  of admitting she was married. "I don't know which of the outfits I picked out
  would be the best that guys would want me in. I could try them all on and model
  them and maybe you could give me your opinion."  
As she presented her proposal she tried to look for any kind of a spark of
  excitement but his eyes narrowed as if he suspected this to be a joke or scam.
  Sue licked her lips and look right into his eyes. "I'll make worth your time,
  if you want."  
The 5 to 10 seconds of silence seemed like an eternity as she awaited his
  reply. She fought her heaving breasts from being so obvious. "You shitten me
  right? You going to fuck me just for my opinion?"  
Susan almost gasped. She shook her head no. "Ah, not fuck you but I'll give
  you one hell of a blow job." She stumbled.  
The guy's eyes were all over her body. "Prove your serious honey and not
  jerking me off here. Flash me some tit." He demanded. Sue looked over her shoulder.
  The situation with the other men who had been observing her hadn't changed
  much yet she knew she had to pass this test to accomplish her goal. "Can we
  go somewhere in back or something?" Sue asked.  
"Listen cunt. This is a porn store. Nobody here will be offended by your
  flashing tits. Look at all the fucken jugs in these magazines." He held up
  a copy. Susan started to think she picked the wrong target and yet she knew
  his vulgarity towards her somehow made her all the more excited. Susan pulled
  her the halter top off her right tit so he could see her fine breasts. "Come
  on, bitch. If you are planning on being a slut for your husband and giving
  me a blowjob, you're going to have to be raunchier than that. Show those jugs." He
  said loud enough that those watching what was coming down between the two of
  them would know what was about to happen here.  
Sue fought back any hesitation and pulled the halter down so both breasts
  came pouring out. "Satisfied?" she smugly asked. Any notion of modesty was
  now out the window for the young playful wife so she turned to let the others
  see her exquisite pair. "Do you believe me now?"  
"Full blowjob right? No holding back?" Susan nodded and the man guided her
  toward the pile of clothes she was about to model.  
Needless to say, this would not be a one man fashion show as planned. There
  was no way this guy could or would have stopped the other guys, including Bob
  in the group, from gathering around the outside of the small curtained room
  that Sue went into to try on the outfits.  
She got a round of applause as she exited from behind the curtain in an extremely
  tight and short dress with a low neck line. Sue's excitement and confidence
  began to build as she felt herself being the center of attention in the back
  of an adult novelty store. In spite of things not going totally according to
  plan she somehow felt somewhat in control. The guy had her walk back and forth
  and then told her to bend over to judge how he liked it from the back. Of course
  the dress was way too short to bend in and without panties she'd be showing
  her ass and pussy to all these me. She was building up her nerve to do it just
  that before she felt a hard stinging on her ass. "I said bend over bitch." The
  guy roared and a couple of other guys laughed at how she reacted to the swat.
  Without further hesitation she did in spite of her exposure.  
"All right. Look at that wet naked cunt and tight asshole of hers. Someone
  commented.  
"I got something to stuff in those holes, right here, honey." Another shouted.  
The next outfit was a feathery sheer thing that hung like a negligee rather
  than a dress. This time they not only had her walk up and back but in front
  of each of the 7 men now gathered both in front of the small changing tent
  but also in the next row over.  
As Susan was about to reenter behind the curtain a voice rang out. Not just
  any voice, it was her husband's. "Why not have the slut change out here so
  we can all get a good look at that body?" His suggestion was instantly agreed
  upon by all in the store and even though she began to refuse she decided this
  was the second time he was trying to add to her humiliation so she would show
  him.  
This was the second time in a couple of months that she would be naked before
  strangers while her husband watched other men lust for her. What a fucken turn
  on.  
From that point on, things got a little more wilder. As she made her required
  fashion walk before those awaiting, several men grabbed her ass, groped her
  tits or pinched her nipples when she had on the fake leather one with the cutout
  holes for them. She had gotten so horny that she wanted to leave immediately
  and get Bob's cock inside her now dripping pussy but she had a commitment to
  the guy she promised a blowjob for making his choice. Sue and the guy went
  into the back room where there were individual stalls to watch videos. He made
  her take off the translucent pink latex dress even though it's sheerness allowed
  for her ass, pussy and tits to be distinctly seen but with a pink sheen to
  them.  
When she had the dress off he made her stand with her legs spread while he
  finger fucked her glistening cunt. This wasn't part of the deal but she loved
  the feel of his rough fingers inside her so much that she lost all control
  and was soon begging him to fuck her.  
Susan never told Bob about the fucking but she did tell him how the guy pinched
  her nipples horribly and made her beg him to slap her tits. Susan figured it
  was all the excitement that built up with her the exhibitionism but later admitted
  to Bob that feeling his dominance and her willingness to submit to his will.  
Bob and Sue made a couple more attempts at finding the extreme thrill that
  these games once delivered to both of them and they soon discovered it was
  difficult to generate the right combination of events. They began talking about
  moving to a new level.  
 *** ***  
To Susan's relief it was Bob who suggested maybe she needed to push the limits.
  He said perhaps attempting having sex with a stranger would be the next stage
  only if she was agreeable to this. His young sexy wife suppressed showing her
  excitement at the thought. She may have done to good of a job because he reconsidered
  the his initial idea of them just going out and finding a target at a bar or
  somewhere else.  
"How about trying a swinger's club?" he asked.  
This was a total surprise to Sue who never really considered the idea of
  Bob being involved with another woman. She knew she couldn't protest this.
  After all look what her husband had allowed her to enjoy. Still she had always
  thought her exhibitionism and play was for both of their excitement. "Ah bullshit
  she told herself. True Bob enjoyed watching her exhibitionism, the humiliation
  and outcome of those she teased, but she knew she had to be getting the best
  end of the ordeals so why should she be selfish?  
After 6 attempts with 2 different groups they both decided this wasn't for
  them. Susan told Bob there wasn't the excitement with the exhibitionism, the
  risk with total strangers, and as hard as it was for her to say, even the humiliation
  she enjoyed. Lastly she told Bob there was the fact that her best orgasms were
  with the guys who took little guff, who she felt like she had to obey.  
A month and a half later they went for the big one. Bob would take Susan
  to a sports bar and depending on the interested. She of course would be their
  in all her teasing glory so when Bob stuck up a deal they knew what they would
  be getting into bed with. Finding a guy they could trust and someone to trust
  that you and this gorgeous woman weren't scamming him for a mugging or worse
  now days came across harder than they figured. Finally they settled on a college
  student that was very willing to go home with them and would allow Bob to watch
  and maybe go on from there.  
The evening turned out to be a pretty good turn on for Bob but little did
  her lover or Bob know, Susan faked an orgasm. It wasn't like she pictured.
  It wasn't dangerous, fun in how she envisioned it. Hell, she didn't know what
  she wanted but when Bob found out she didn't really want to continue pursuing
  this stage he was both confused and more than a little frustrated with his
  wife. What the hell did she want?  
Two nights later they laid in bed and talked. "I don't honestly know Bob.
  Sometimes I wish I was walking alone at night and a gang comes out of a van
  or something, grabs me and rapes me. They make me do all sorts of depraved
  things. They make me submit. Then reality hits and I know that's stupid. I
  mean the arousal I feel thinking of the risk and danger is like an aphrodisiac
  but on the other hand I would want most everything to go as I wanted it. Like
  when things hurt too much, I'd want them to stop. I'd only want to experience
  the things I'd want and not what some perverts wanted." She turned to her husband
  who had been so supportive in all this and said, "You have one hell of a fucked
  up wife."  
 -- TO BE CONTINUED --  
C.U.F.F.S. { Consensual, Ultimate
  acceptance, Future Forced Slave
  }  
By DJC  
Chapter 4  
Years of Blandness Ends  
The phone rang with the horrible news. Susan's older sister and husband were
  killed in a car crash. It was a miracle their 12 year old daughter wasn't hurt.
  There wasn't much family to attend the funeral. It had only been Susan and
  her sister who was 11 years older than she. Both parents were also tragically
  lost 3 years earlier. Now faced with one of their most serious of decisions,
  Bob and Susan agreed they had to bring up, Pamela. So Susan, at not quit 23
  years of age found herself the surrogate mother for, to put it mildly, a 12
  year old brat.  
With the lost of her parents and having such a young aunt, Pamela didn't
  take well to a situation already difficult with her stage in life. Bob, who
  was as old as her parents got along better with her but life for all three
  began radically different. Neither Bob nor Susan were prepared for this but
  they pursued and for the next 6 years raised Pamela as if she was their own.  
Any considerations as to where or what stages in their pursuit of their sexual
  fantasies they were at was forgotten. Bob immersed himself back into his job
  and was even more successful. Susan, now at age 29 was unsatisfied both in
  her marriage and mostly at a lost on how to bring up her teenage niece. She
  just wanted things to be as they were when they first got married. She never
  wanted a child but life can be full of surprises. She dealt with the situation
  and often masturbated with her fantasies for sexual release. Still she had
  a strong desires for those past experiences and even more. That is when she
  began to explore the world of cyber sex and the amazing things she never knew
  existed out there.  
Then as a reward for Pamela's enduring, barely graduating, high school, her
  Uncle Bob and Aunt Susan were sending her to Europe for 6 months. Plans were
  for her to stay with friends in England for 3 months and then distant relatives
  of her late father in France for the balance of her stay.  
Pamela was excited about both the trip and getting out on her own for awhile.
  Her and a friend would enjoy their trip for sure. And just as much Bob and
  Susan were looking forward to six months without their niece around the house.
  They'd been talking and Bob agreed with his wife that they should do something
  to spice up their relationship and especially sex life during this opportunity.
  Hell just having Pamela out of the house so they could make love anytime they
  wanted would be a big step.  
Weeks before Pamela's trip Susan began showing Bob her communications she
  was having with a BD/DS group. "I know a lot of it is bull," she said, "but
  there is one segment that dominants take on people new to submission. I've
  read every account and even if half are real it is really exciting to me, honey."  
Bob knew back when they first were married and they began to play, one of
  the biggest turn-ons for his wife was not just the exhibitionism, their attempts
  with swingers and other sexual encounters wasn't just the sex but more so the
  feeling of being under someone else's control and the risk of having little
  say in the direction of an ordeal. As soon as Pamela left on her trip they
  decided to test out this new sexual experience. Bob bought handcuffs, ropes
  and leather cuffs and other gear he found at the same book store his wife sucked
  off her fans who enjoyed her modeling show 6 years ago. He chuckled to himself
  as he fantasized bringing her back to the same place now. Sue was just 29 now
  and in as good or better shape than in her mid-twenties.  
Their first attempts were typical. Bob tied Sue to the bed and teased her
  body for an hour before giving either of them release. Maybe because of how
  long it had been since they had a real long foreplay or maybe it was the feeling
  of freedom without their niece around but Sue thought it was fantastic. Sue
  couldn't wait to write up a summary of their first attempt as well as the feelings
  she got from it and send it off to the BD/DS group like so many she had read
  in the past. For some reason it made this whole new venture a degree more exciting
  sharing with hundreds, maybe thousands of anonymous strangers.  
For the next week they repeated their session with a few changes here and
  there and like before Sue's cravings for something more, something different
  grew within her. Bob was willing and eager to play along with his wife's eroticism
  but it was time consuming.  
The first new step came on the weekend they planned on taking Sue outdoors
  to add to that degree of risk she loved to feel so much. It was early May and
  warm so bringing his naked captive out into the yard at one in the morning
  and tying her ankles tightly together and cuffing her wrists behind her back
  would be their plan. But&hellip;. Bob always tried to add a little something
  just like he had in the past. He put her all the way behind the storage shed
  at the back of their property, completely naked and tied as she was only able
  to move by hopping. "I'll meet you back inside when you get there." He told
  his lovely fettered wife. "All you have to do is cover the 100 yards or so
  back to the house trying not to grunt or make yourself too conspicuous because
  the last 25 yards will be in direct view of the Daniel's deck and the back
  windows you know. I wonder what our neighbors would think of Slutty Sue all
  tied and helpless right outside their door?"  
Bob hadn't called her that since the exhibition games. He obviously was into
  to it as much as she was. Sue also knew his warning was more him stirring her
  arousal pot than actually cautioning her but he was right about the stretch
  where there would be no cover, no bushes to jump behind, no way to avoid being
  seen if someone was to look out back and no way for her to avoid being seen
  since she could only hop and bounce showing herself off with both her ankles
  and wrists taken from her. And what a sight she was as her husband watched
  his naked wife struggling to make it back to the house. Her large full breasts
  bouncing wildly with each bounding leap forward in an anxious attempt to cross
  only a semi-concealed back yard. She was doing pretty well until a dog barked.
  It was just common night time noises but to a naked tied woman any sound other
  then her panting and those she knew she made were possible danger. And this
  type of exposure wouldn't just be exhibitionism like at the bar or bookstore
  ordeals. This would not only expose her in all her full glory but also her
  kinky nature as well.  
The first time Sue fell, Bob was about to bolt out from the house to help
  her until he watched her roll around, wiggle to a sitting position and somehow
  made it to her knees and finally hop up and maintain her balance well enough
  to begin again.  
It took her a full 15 minutes to make it back to the sliding door but it
  seemed like an hour to her. Bob opened the door and let her hop in. "Wow you
  looked fantastic out there." Bob told her.  
"Fuck me. Fuck me now." Susan was able to get out with the shortness of her
  breath. "No, no don't untie my hands. Fuck me like this." Sue came three times
  as Bob pounded into his bound captives sopping wet cunt on the kitchen floor.  
Exhausted as much as she was, Bob rolled off her and asked how she enjoyed
  it "Tomorrow night, I want to be hog-tied so I have to crawl back.." was her
  reply.  
This was exactly how they played it the next night with another of Bob's
  added spices. The vibrator in her was turned on when he left her to begin.
  Because her pace was ten times slower inching and scrapping her naked body
  along to the house rather than hopping and the fact that she climaxed 6 times
  with the vibrator during her trek, it took her nearly and hour and 20 minutes
  in all.  
This was just the beginning of fulfilling her fantasies. Susan was hooked
  on bondage and the fantastic sensation of nearly complete helplessness.  
Again she wrote her detailed report to the internet group and this time asked
  for suggestions as to where they might go from here.  
 *** ***  
Needless to say Susan was shocked to get as many as 45 replies in the next
  2 days both commenting on her two reports as well as a lot of offers to fuck
  her, dominate her, whip her, make her drink piss and things she didn't even
  know what they meant. There were also some that replied with a kind of a welcoming
  her to this new world of excitement called bondage. And there were some suggestions
  for her next plans. Again these ranged from the ultra bizarre to a few she
  discussed with Bob. One in particular they thought they could work it into
  an event that was already planned for the upcoming weekend.  
Susan printed out two copies of the e-mail and they both reread it as they
  considered how to realistically work the ideas of the "Strict Master" who sent
  the message.  
"You know what would be fun?" Susan spoke up as they went over the e-mail.
  Bob nodded no. "What if we write this guy back and tell him what is planned
  for this weekend and give him some limits which we would not consider crossing
  but let him work up the scenario." Ever since she began to read the stories
  and things in some of these sites, she had an overwhelming desire to be mastered
  by a stranger. She related that her arousal must be the same as it was to expose
  or degrade herself to a stranger or give a blowjob to a stranger or having
  sex with strangers. There was some kind of fascination with playing with fire.
  The risk involved with not having control or the safety net of her husband
  to say no.  
Bob looked at his sumptuous wife and knew instantly she'd get her way sooner
  or later. He agreed to let her contact him and tell him she would obey his
  directives for the upcoming planned barbecue at his neighbor's house on Saturday.
  Bob also told her she could give his e-mail address at work if he wanted to
  plan surprises for her without her knowing about them. Sue was so happy she
  jumped on Bob and between each kiss telling him how he was the greatest.  
The e-mail appeared in Sue's inbox the next morning.  
7:25AM  
To: Susan Banks  
From: Strict Master  
Slut,  
I doubt you know what you are getting yourself into but if you want to try
  and taste the enjoyment of submission, your part will be three fold and simple.  
First, you will write me back with a picture of you, naked. To verify it's
  you and not some fake, I want at your feet a copy of today's USA Today newspaper.
  In this e-mail I want you to tell me as much about you as possible as far as
  pervious experiences and something you would be ashamed to tell your closest
  friend.  
Secondly, I want you to have your driver's license scanned and sent as an
  attachment.  
Lastly, If you plan on complying with 1&amp; 2 then begin faking like you
  are coming down with something. The afternoon and evening of the party you
  will be submitting and climaxing like hell but you will not be partaking as
  your normal role.  
Strict Master  
Sue read the e-mail. In many ways it was exactly as she desired. Nothing
  simple like go to the bathroom every hour and play with yourself. It was mysterious,
  frightful and had a key phrase she knew got her really wet, "party you will
  be submitting and climaxing like hell".  
Without thinking about such things as safety or consequences, Susan had Bob
  took the full length picture of her completely naked after buying a copy of
  the USA Today. She went to the local Kinkos and had them scan her driver's
  license and sent everything back with her reply.  
6:23PM  
To: Strict Master  
From: Susan Banks  
Dear Master, {Susan thought about how to address him for 10 minutes before
  doing so.}  
I have attached the picture and a copy of my driver's license to prove I
  am for real. As for your request&hellip;..  
{Susan went on to write 4 pages describing her past experiences in detail
  including her feelings and thoughts about them. When this was done she had
  considered what and how she would answer as to what she was the most ashamed
  of. At first she thought about telling him how she fucked the guy in the book
  store without Bob knowing or approving it. It seemed trivial now considering
  how far they went since then. Finally she began to confess what really she
  felt ashamed of.}  
During the initial days of flashing and oral sex with strangers, I went out
  on my own three times without Bob knowing. None of the times did I go any further
  than what I did with Bob watching until I screwed up one time. I dropped Bob
  off at his office because his car was being worked on. I was dressed to flash
  and this software salesman that Bob had been avoiding obviously spotted me.
  To make a long story short he followed me and I don't know if he actually caught
  me in the act of my game but when he approached me and introduced himself,
  he hinted he knew what I was up to and asked how Bob would react. I was stupid
  and should have told him to fuck off but I didn't want any possibility of damaging
  my husband's trust with regards to all this new sexual adventures so I accepted
  his invitation for lunch and drinks. This lead to him testing how far I was
  willing to go to keep my secret. His hand went up my skirt and I moved away
  but when he said oh that is how it will be, I let him resume touching me. In
  no time he was fondling me. It ended up in a motel but I told him if he wanted
  to fuck me, he would have to promise this was a one time thing. Surprisingly
  he didn't try anything anytime later.  
Damn I can't believe I confessed this to a complete stranger but maybe that
  is why I did. This anonymity is freeing.  
Thank you for replying,  
Susan  
Trent Williams, smiled as he read the naive woman's reply. He once again
  picked up the printed out picture of her naked as well as the copy of her driver's
  license. He opened the file cabinet behind him and took out a folder containing
  print outs of her previous online reports. He added the new e-mails, stapled
  her picture to the front and marked the file as "Working Potential". "So much
  for anonymity, slut." He said to himself as he recorded everything from Susan
  Banks drivers licenses. Finally he returned to his computer and began to think
  up an ordeal that would fit within her and her husband's limitations.  
His first reply was to Bob.  
7:26 PM  
To: Bbanks  
From: Strict Master  
Bob,  
As you should be aware, your wife gave me your e-mail address along with
  her request for me to construct an ordeal for an upcoming party at your neighbor's
  house. I assume being a barbecue it will be out back and your wife mentioned
  it is right next door. If you can, please tell me how excited, how humiliate,
  and how strenuous you desired this to be for her. Along with this, if you can
  supply me with copied of pictures of where the main party would be held in
  relationship to your own back yard.  
Also do you have or can you get some of these items? {Trent's note went on
  to list various items.}  
Finally, this may seem odd to request but if everything goes as I plan, this
  becomes a key element in both distracting you and making things just right.
  Tell me, someone, a coworker, an aggravating friend or better yet a sale's
  person you have avoided and would not like to really spend time with at this
  party like an annoying insurance salesman or like in those commercials with
  that annoying software's salesman.  
Reply fairly quickly as I need time to set this up and we only have 5 days.  
Strict Master  
Trent didn't want to be too obvious but then the idea of the commercials
  with a pesky software salesman just struck him. Trent also knew from past experiences,
  if you create a situation where time is short, you often force predictable
  and hasty reactions. Such was the case as Bob replied as hopes.  
8:23 AM  
To: Strict Master  
From: Bbanks  
Dear Strict Master,  
I am behind my wife's aspiration to submit to your commands and have told
  her I would assist where required. Attached are photos taken from different
  angles from our yard into the neighbor's yard and back deck. It is estimated
  there will be approximately 30-35 people there.  
Susan can't do anything half way so as to your question how excited do I
  want her to be? Extremely. How humiliated, as much as possible but as our limit
  stated, none of our neighbors must totally know what is happening. Sure they
  can suspect but we have to live here. How strenuous, as I said, Susan doesn't
  do anything half way.  
It's ironic, you mentioned those commercials about annoying software salesmen.
  There is one guy who has been taking me out for lunches, and drinks you name
  it but doesn't get the idea we are not ready for his stuff yet. I haven't seen
  him in a while but we'll see. His name is Larry Parker.  
Will await your reply.  
Bob Banks  
Perfect, Trent told himself. He replied to Bob first and in great detail
  told Bob exactly but not in total, everything he had planned. When Bob understood
  the scenario he also thought he completely understood why he had to invite
  Larry Parker as his guest to the barbecue. Needless to say Larry was happy
  to accept Bob's invitation to the party. He wondered how Bob's sexy wife would
  react about him being there considering the very last time he had seen her,
  she was laying naked on a motel bed.  
Next Trent wrote back to Susan and told her she had one more assignment to
  do. She was to sit down and write a note word for word as quoted and seal it
  in an envelope and place it under their front door mat.  
Trent sent Bob one last set of instructions after confirming he had arraigned
  and set up everything as he directed. Bob agreed to follow them.  
Saturday at three found Susan getting ready for the party. She had very little
  idea what was in store for her and sure as hell didn't know why she'd been
  pretending she was getting sick. She learn when Bob came in from the garage. "Ok,
  Slutty Sue are you ready for your internet master's ordeal?" Sue nodded but
  wasn't sure what she was agreeing to.  
Bob, lead his wife into their backyard. Sue could see the tables and things
  set up at the neighbor's house. Then she saw something odd on their side of
  the fence between the properties. It was a piece of plywood approximately 6
  ft wide, 8 feet high with 2-2ft side pieces on each side coming forward.. At
  first glance it reminded Sue of a small bus stop shelter but without the roof. "What
  the heck is this?" she asked.  
"Oh, you'll see." Bob said with a devilish grin.  
"Ok take that top and those shorts off." Bob ordered. Susan started to protest
  when he reminded her she wasn't following his orders but those of her online
  master and she sure wouldn't want him to tell him how reluctant she was with
  her first test. Susan stared at Bob before realizing he was serious. She looked
  around the flimsy canopy set up. It was directly in line with the Daniel's
  back porch. In a little while, there would be dozens of neighbors and other
  people she knew all too well right there. "Come on Suzy Slut." Bob said in
  a low voice in case either of the Daniels were out setting things up. Slowly
  she removed her top freeing her braless tits. In spite of the many previous
  ordeals Sue automatically covered her firm large breasts with her hands. Bob's
  look of impatience finally made her slide the shorts down her legs. Bob was
  pleased to discover his naughty wife wore no panties either.  
"Now stand up here." He told her pointing to a small stool. Susan did as
  told but was extremely weary about being naked only a foot from her friend
  and neighbor's yard.  
Bob, had ropes ready for her and in a few moments tightly tied her arms spread
  high and wide apart. Next Bob took one of her ankles and pulled them to the
  side but when he tied off the rope it was more than a bit slack. Bob proceeded
  to pound a stake under that foot taking time to check for proper height and
  location. When he proceeded to do the same with her other foot, Sue let out
  a grown as this caused her to hang from her wrists.  
Her eyes widened when she saw him holding yet another pole but with what
  looked like a vibrator taped securely to the top. Bob worked the pole into
  the soft ground then commanded that she lift herself up on the two poles near
  her feet. Sue struggled as the stake tops hurt her feet as she attempted to
  hold all her weight up as long as possible. Sue's body shook as she felt her
  husband work the vibrator into her already wet cunt. She grunted as her legs
  were already straining and her feet were quickly getting sore from the narrow
  limited surface of her twin support poles. In a few moments she discovered
  when she could no longer stand the biting pain in her feet or straining legs
  that returning to a semi-slouch position hanging from her bond wrists now lowered
  her cunt to the hilt upon the vibrator. "Bob, no. I can't it's so deep and
  it hurts." She moan as she forced herself to frantically seek relief to her
  cunt by reaching out with her legs and re-supporting herself on the painful
  top of the poles. "Bob, Bob, honey. Please, I can't do this."  
But Bob was busy hooking something up to the vibrator. Then stood in front
  of her spread-eagled wife. He pushed a button on what look like a small remote
  controller.  
The extremely strong vibrator went wild within her. "Ahhhhhhhh!" Sue screamed
  as a wave of pleasure instantly was mixed with the pain she was feeling. "That
  is why Strict Master was very explicit about not gagging you. He said it would
  add to your torment to control your moaning and cries once the party starts
  and people are but a few feet behind you."  
"Bob, Bob I know I asked for this but I don't think I can take this." She
  frantically pleaded. "Not like this." She pleaded quietly hoping no one but
  Bob could hear her.  
As Bob began picking up some tools and ropes, they both heard their neighbor's
  welcoming the first of the afternoon's guests. "Oooh!" Susan was panting as
  she had to lower herself deeper once more upon the dormant vibrator pole. Bob
  began to walk to the house.  
"Hey Bob. How's Susan feeling." She heard Janet ask from next door.  
"She's all bound and stuffed up and can't seem to shake free of what is attaching
  her. She wanted you to know she will be there in spirit." Bob replied. "I'll
  be over in a little while. Got to change and do one more little chore."  
Sue couldn't believe he was really going to let her suffer out there like
  this. It was diabolical. She couldn't moan or make a sound because of how close
  she was to everyone just a few feet behind her. The ropes wouldn't let her
  completely close her legs together to try and reach for the ground for support.
  On the other hand because the ankle restraints were so loose, they did nothing
  to help support her either. She would have to alter between hanging deep upon
  the pole and vibrator or spread her legs wide and teater upon the tortouous,
  pole tops. Neither was without it's own form of suffering.  
Perspiration began to bead up and trickle down her cleavage. A fly began
  to bother her. Both was frustratingly tormenting in it's own right. Susan never
  felt so utterly helpless to do anything but endure. Then her torment went up
  several notches as the vibrator went on again. Bob was laughing as he watched
  his naked bound wife's body stiffen and arch up. Just beyond her 6 men and
  women casually chatted while she came ever close to her first climax.  
When Bob was ready, he came back out in their yard. "I got to go honey." He
  now whispered because of the many people within a few feet of his sweat drenched
  wife. "That was wild to watch but Strict Master had one more torment for you
  to tolerate."  
"Bob please, I can't take this." She pleaded softly.  
"Ah, he said you would panic but this should keep your mind occupied a little." Bob
  held a couple of wicked looking metal clips with sharp teeth on them. From
  the ends hung very short chains and tiny bells. Bob spread one of the clips
  and let it bite her already aroused nipple. "Ahhh gawwdd!" she frantically
  fought from screaming like hell. Her legs writhed about as much as the ropes
  allowed them. This caused the bell to tinkle.  
"You don't want to ring these too much or someone might look over here and
  discover Tinkle Slut." He said as he clipped her other nipple. Sue's head shot
  back as she tried to absorb the pain with all the control she could muster.
  Her eyes were closed shut and her head went back as she struggled to absorb
  ghastly pain each of the clips was delivering to her tits. By the time she
  calmed her self enough to finally lower her head and open her tear filled eyes,
  her husband was gone to join the party taking place behind her. The naked,
  spread, clipped and impaled woman panted as the full effect of her situation
  began to mount in her mind. Pain would be continuous and ever increasing whether
  it was the straining of her legs trying to hold herself up or the pain of the
  pole tops that her feet attempted to balance upon or the deep skewering of
  the vibrator pole or the wrenching of her arms when she hung by them and of
  course the horrible bite of the metal bell clips to her very sensitive nipples.  
 *** ***  
An hour and a half had passed. Susan hung exhausted drenched in sweat and
  in her bonds. She had cum each of the four time that Bob had pushed the remote
  button which sent his wife more and more intense stimulation. By the fourth
  one, she was beginning to lose control. Her moaning became louder and her body's
  twitchings caused the bells to ring. Even the awareness that all this was happening
  and endangering her discovery added to her titillation. Susan looked down at
  her poor swollen clipped nipples. They throbbed as they fought to swell with
  arousal even while suffering the worse pain she thought she would ever feel.
  She also was aware her cunt was leaking her own juices. Never had she secreted
  so much love juice in her life. And never had she felt such long intense orgasms.
  What in hell was the matter with her? Here her body was wracked with pain and
  yet the pain and arousal was so intertwined that she was having difficulty
  determining which was which.  
In time Susan was now going on her fourth hour spread out receiving pain
  and pleasure. She had never been tied for more than two hours at one time before
  and wondered if it was wise to have followed some unknown master's demands
  upon her. Surely Bob would come soon. Suddenly she heard the voices of Mr.
  Pine and Judy Daniels so clear they must have been less and a few feet on the
  other side of the fence. Sue tensed as she listened to Pamela's assistant principal
  talking to her neighbor. Susan had spoke often with him since Pamela had gotten
  into so much trouble over her 4 years in high school. All Susan could think
  of was what would he think, what would anyone think of her if they ever discovered
  her like this. Suddenly the vibrator came alive. It was such an unexpected
  shock considering how she was intently listening to and trying to keep from
  being heard by the two so close behind her. She bolded which tinkled the bells
  attached to her nipple clips. Bob left the vibrator on an extra long time this
  attack. She fought but could not avert her sore swollen cunt from going off
  again. Her body shuddered upon the vibrating staff within her. The tiny bells
  danced and announced her sluttiness.  
"Did you head that?" Mr. Pine asked Judy.  
Bob had switched off the vibrator but she was still climaxing.  
"Ya. Sounds like a bell or something." Judy replied.  
"I've been hearing it all night." Bob's voice stated. "Must be some pussy
  with a bell on her." He said as he cruelly pushed the button to start up the
  remote control of the vibrator once more and once more sending his sexually
  vanquished wife back to the peak of orgasm. "Anyone for a refill on your drinks?" Bob
  asked. "I'm buying with your money." He teased Judy.  
By the time Susan settled down she was beginning to hang limp in her bonds
  in spite of the pain this caused her cunt. Her legs no long had the strength
  to reach out for and hold her up on the so called support poles. Despite the
  cool evening air, Susan's body was covered in a glistening sweat. Her own pussy
  juices freely ran down her legs and down the well coated pole topped with the
  vibrator. Susan wanted nothing more than to be free and soak in a warm bath.
  She knew she'd reflect on this ordeal for a long time and have many climaxes
  reminiscing about it but for now she was spent and couldn't imagine how she
  could stand any more abuse. But this was Strict Master's specialties. She expressed
  a desire to endure more than she or her husband could conjecture up and that
  was the ordeal he had planned for her to endure.  
Bob checked his watch. One of his instructions was to inform Larry Parker
  that he would be leaving soon. Since Larry was only there for two things, hopefully
  to see Bob's sexy wife that he had blackmailed into going to a motel with him
  and maybe finally getting Bob to commit to a large software order. Either one
  would have been a big score for the weasel of a man. When he first came to
  the party and discovered Susan wasn't in attendance, he knew this was his primary
  reason for coming. Both his disappointment and a few too many martinis curtailed
  the later objective. So when Bob told him he was planning on leaving, Larry
  thanked Bob for inviting him. He asked to send his regards to his Susan, knowing
  damn well his inside joke would be repulsive to her. Larry left without even
  thanking the real hosts of the party and headed for his car.  
As he headed out to the street where his car was parked, he remembered the
  strange message he got Friday at work about a golden opportunity and checking
  under Bob and Susan Bank's front doormat. He forgot about it until he made
  his way out to the front and spotted their house. It was stupid but what the
  hell.  
Bob looked at his watch again. He was instructed to stay an hour and a half
  after the software sales man left. It didn't make any sense to Bob why Strict
  Master insisted he bring the jerk as his guest. Maybe it was just his sick
  joke at making Bob's evening a little tortuous too.  
Turns out it was a two part assignment. The note in that sealed enveloped
  was hand written by Bob's spread eagled cum gushing slut wife. Bob had no idea
  there was a note inside and of course had no idea what it said. Susan didn't
  exactly know to whom she wrote what was instructed of her. Considering what
  she had to write, she was confident it was meant to spur Bob to finalize the
  ordeal with an experience she had never genuinely experienced but wrote often
  about when communicating with her online master.  
 The first surprise was Larry Parker's Son of a bitch if there wasn't an
  envelope under this doormat. The note was hand written. Susan was told exactly
  what to write but had no idea what it all meant but was sure it was to her
  husband.  
Larry read the note for the second time:  
 Hey Stud,  
By now I'm probably so fucken horny that only you can finish me off but I
  want it hard. I owe you big time from our last fucking and need some extra
  spice. You have to take me. You have to make me beg for it before you earn
  me. Are you up for it, stud?  
On the side of the house in the storage box you will find the tools you will
  need to break a bitch like me. I plan on fighting you so you have to take me.
  Want to play, stud? You have an hour alone with me to see who wins.  
Waiting for you out back,  
Susan  
Of course Susan would have never written the note if she had the slightest
  idea it wasn't for Bob and sure as hell not if she knew that lowlife Larry
  Parker would be involved. Bob, who had been completely obvious to his wife's
  first encounter with the man, could never have guessed the breast whip, lead
  fish weights, additional clips and ball gag were for the salesman he could
  barely stand to deal with let alone give him such instruments to used on his
  helpless wife.  
If it was anybody other than that sexy bitch Susan Banks, Larry might have
  laughed the prank off. But he did catch the bitch once before being outrageous
  and her figured she obviously she didn't want old Bobby to know her kinky games.
  After all it was important enough to fuck him for his silence. Maybe he should
  check this out.  
When Larry open the storage box he was shocked to see a whip with 9 leather
  straps and the other items. It was the rubber ball gag that lit up his face. "Alright." He
  said to himself as he began to search for the kinky bitch.  
If it weren't for the fact Susan couldn't scream, protest or even whisper
  without being heard by those attending the party right next door, she would
  have told this fucker to get the hell away. Not that a naked spread eagled
  woman could do much other than protest. Just then, Bob who was still playing
  the game he thought was on, pushed the remote button again. Larry was close
  enough to hear the vibrator buzzing within her cunt. He watched her face change
  from anger and fear to absolute sexual loss of control of her body. Her mouth
  open and only a soft moan escaped. He observed how her muscles tightened as
  she pulled on the cords holding her wide open. Her eyes closed and her sexy
  mouth opened in a sort of silent scream. Larry grin while he watching her body
  quaked as she climaxed before him. And as it did he heard the tiny bells chime. "So
  that was the source of the sound everyone was hearing now and then." He told
  himself. "This kinky slut has been out here fucking herself all evening." Larry
  looked down at the pole and vibrator that entered into her red, very swollen
  cunt. He noticed how her fluids just ran down the pole.  
By the time Susan open her eyes, Larry was right up to her. "Please go." She
  whispered her embarrassing plead.  
"I don't think so." He replied as he quickly shoved the ball into her mouth
  and buckled it behind her head. "So you want me to take you? You own me big
  time, you say here."  
Susan' eyes widened as she saw him holding the note. And much of what was
  written by her came back to her. She shook her head no. Frantically she shook
  her head no but as Larry figured that was what her game was all about. To fight
  him. Make her submit.  
First Larry disconnected the bells from her nipple clamps. She was hoping
  he was going to take them off. The clamps delivered a burning sensation from
  the bite of the metal teeth to her sensitive nipples and deep into her breast.
  But instead of easing her pain, he took a handful of the lead weights so thoughtfully
  provided him. His deliberate and diabolical method of adding the weights made
  her moan into the efficient gag. He attached a couple of 8 inch chains to the
  nipples clips. Then he picked up a weight and attached it to one or the other
  end of the chain and let it drop. The jerk to the nipple was like a tremendous
  jolting shock of electricity. Susan's head flung back as she bucked with each
  drop. One by one her sadistically added all the weights to each chain. Each
  new snapping jerk became more and more brutal until she had 6 one half ounce
  weights dragging her tits and nipples downward. Susan had tears in her eyes
  as she tried to regain control of herself after the terrible pain she just
  experienced.  
"Still want to be obstinate with me?" he asked licking away her tears. As
  he looked into her terror stricken eyes, her expression immediately changed.
  Her body began to temblor again. Larry looked down at the poll and vibrator
  going off within her. He snickered and said something about her cunt overruling
  her pain center or maybe that is why she invited him here tonight. Susan heard
  him but had no facilities to even respond if she could pull herself out of
  the intense orgasm. The vibrator stopped but the slut on a stick continued
  to hump it even though it made her weighted nipples and tits bounce and add
  to their torture.  
Susan hated the fact she was so blatantly wanton in front of him but tied
  completely spread and exposed as she was and that maddening vibrator impaling
  her, she knew the shame and humiliation was just adding to her stimulation.
  Any thought of morality was playing way down the list of sensations behind
  the titillation of the climaxes, the feeling of pain and the sheer humiliation
  of it all.  
"Ok you had your fun now time for mine." Larry said as he picked up another
  clips identical to those tearing at her nipples. Susan couldn't imagine feeling
  another one there. It wasn't to be. Without fanfare or any of the pervious
  tormenting, he simply clips the beast to her clit. Susan's reaction was that
  of a wild woman as she bucked furiously but the ropes held firm. "Oh no you
  don't." Larry said slapping her face as he saw she was about to pass out from
  this.  
Tears were now streaming from Susan's eyes. Drool seep from around the ball
  gag which she was biting down so hard upon that she nearly crushed it to half
  it's normal size. Larry stood back and reveled in his power over this hunk
  of sexual sluttiness. "You want me to take that off your slut knob?" Susan
  pleaded yes with her eyes and nodded frantically. "Fine. I'll take it off if
  you let me fuck your ass." Sue quickly agreed.  
He had her where he wanted her, he thought. But the bitch deserved to pay
  for shunning him. "I'll fuck your ass after I use this on your tits." He said
  holding up the multiply strap whip. To Susan nothing could hurt worse than
  the clip tearing at her sensitive love button. She nodded yes again. But Larry
  enjoyed this too much. "What do you say to 3 on each tit?" Sue agreed. "No
  lets make it 6." Without hesitation she consented. Larry began to reach between
  her legs then stopped. "What do you say to an even dozen on each tit." Susan
  was beginning to consider what he was suggesting yet she couldn't take the
  terrible clip on her most sensitive of she places. The pain racked woman once
  again moaned loudly and shook her head yes. Finally he removed the horrible
  clip and picked up the whip. Susan began to cry even before the first of two
  dozen lashes began thrashing her tits. By the forth lash she knew she never
  felt suck pain except perhaps that damn clip on her clit. This was a different
  kind of pain. It stung then burned its way through her ample breasts. It made
  her recoil with such force that she was sure the party guest on the other side
  of the fence would hear her moaning if not the slapping of the leather on her
  flesh.  
The next two delivered a slightly different message through her body. Although
  every bit as painful the bite of the leather thongs and maybe even more so
  because of the fact her tits were already burning with pain, she began to feel
  her cunt react too. It was impossible to think or focus on her bizarre reaction
  as she panted in wait for the next blow but it was happening. Her cunt tightened
  on the inactive vibrator within her and she involuntarily began to hump it
  once more.  
The next two lashes did it. She exploded into the strongest climax of the
  evening. She was a wild animal thrashing her body and whipping her head about
  as she rode out the wild orgasm. She was completely unaware her tits received
  the balance of their punishment during her climax.  
Larry quickly untied her. She had no strength to fight or resist. He placed
  her on the ground and fucked her ass. She couldn't care the least who was fucking
  her. How her body ached or if anyone would have seen them.  
The bastard just left her lying in the grass when he was done with her. He
  got what he wanted from the kinky slut. He'd never felt such power over a woman
  and it was twice as enjoyable since this woman disdained him. "Who's high and
  mighty now, cunt." he said to himself looking back at the naked woman lying
  in the grass. "My cum is in your fucken ass." It wasn't until he was half way
  home that he wondered if Bob Banks knew about his wife's invitation to him.
  Or for that matter the first time in the motel. Why out of the blue did Bob
  Banks invite him to his neighbor's cookout if he wasn't part of it? But then
  again if he didn't know it would be even better for him because the slut would
  have something to hide.  
 *** TO BE CONTINUED ***  
C.U.F.F.S. { C  onsensual, U  ltimate acceptance, F  uture F  orced S  lave }  
By DJC 
Chapter 5 A 
You Bastard! How can I serve you next? 
Bob was more than a little shocked not to find his wife still hanging where
  he had left her hours before. By the time he found her she had already gotten
  on line to tell that bastard Strict Master what she thought of him and his
  trick with Bob's salesman guy. Their chat was brief and instead of sounding
  the least bit remorseful Strict Master ordered her to send him a full report
  by the next day at the same time or else not to bother contacting him again. 
Susan's only reply was "fuck you", then she quickly signed off. She couldn't
  believe the arrogance of this fucker. But even while she soaked her terribly
  battered sore body in the tub her demeanor was already beginning to change.
  She fought her own concession that it was the most intense night of arousal,
  multiple orgasms and excitement she had ever experienced. She'd been deceived
  and put into terrible risk besides the fact exposing this kinky side of herself
  to a scumbag like Larry Parker. 
So why was she playing with herself instead of getting more angry with Strict
  Master? "Fuck him." She said out loud to herself. The pompous ass can sit by
  his computer and get himself some other stupid woman to play with. She had
  Bob. And Bob supported their games. She didn't need this guy. 
Bob's drunk snoring had waken Sue for the second time. She laid there once
  again replaying her 7 hour ordeal while no longer pretending she hated it.
  Maybe, just maybe she'll write her master but she won't let him have such a
  free hand with her next time. Susan got up and wrote a 6 page report detailing
  her feelings, her fears, her reasons, her dislikes and her pleasures. Then
  as she proof read it, she realized, her pleasure list was 3 times the length
  of her dislikes. It was her candid reaction but it still angered her that some
  unknown bastard would snicker at her honesty. 
Maybe, just maybe she'll let him have control over her next ordeal but she'll
  make her feelings be known first. 
A day later, Susan got a reply from Strict Master. He told her there would
  be no concessions, no bargaining and no limitations or she can just sign off.
  And he told her in her next reply she better beg for forgiveness for acting
  like a bitch with her earlier attitude. 
Susan was enraged but when she considered her options, she wrote back. She
  agreed to his next ordeal but in her mind she figured, maybe, just maybe she'll &hellip;&hellip; oh
  hell she wanted to feel the excitement she got from submitting to this unknown
  master. 
After accepting her regrets, he made her answer many more personal questions
  ranging from her home phone number, address and where Bob worked to how many
  days vacation he had coming. Sue didn't feel comfortable giving out such information
  to a stranger but anytime she hesitated with a response he threatened to sign
  off and she replied instantly. Then finally he told her she would have another
  ordeal the following Saturday night and to tell Bob to expect instructions
  from him. 
Trent sat back in his chair after signing off. He added all the information
  he'd accumulated on Susan Banks. Ever since he stumbled into this line of work,
  if you can call it that, he was very careful, very meticulous and took his
  time before striking. 
He began developing and sending off Sue's husband's instructions for his
  wife's next task. He decided to make it simple and yet more perilous. It was
  more of a test for them to see how far they would take risks. 
Saturday night finally arrived. Bob and Sue had another great week of sex.
  They both had fantasized and thought often about what was to come. Bob found
  himself horny as hell and his wife was willing and ready to fuck him anyway
  he wanted it as often as he wanted it. 
"Damn Bob. I'm fucking dripping thinking about tonight. Can't you give me
  a little hint?" Sue cooed. 
"You know Strict Master has sworn me to secrecy. Besides isn't it a hell
  of a lot wilder not knowing what you will endure?" 
Sue asked Bob how she was suppose to dress for the night. He told her it
  really didn't matter considering she wouldn't be wearing it very long. Sue
  licked her lips in anticipation. "But you are to wear these." he told her showing
  her a brand new pair of heels. When Sue took the box she noticed they were
  far more than heels, the were pencil stilettos point heels with an added features.
  First they had tiny locks that once locked, the ankle straps and therefore
  the stilettos were secured on her. Secondly they had a feature not so unlike
  those in kid's sneakers. With each step a red LED lit up for a few seconds
  on the back of the shoes. But not just a simple flashing light like the gym
  shoes but rather small lettering that spelled out FUCK ME. Sue tried on the
  shoes and practiced walking in the incredibly high 6 inch heels. Sue was very
  unsteady as the ultra thin heel did little to balance her feet. She soon realize
  she had to essentially walk almost on tip toes and utilizing the heel as nothing
  more than a quick point to steady each step before taking the next. The arch
  of her foot and the strain on her calves would be a torture of their own. It
  was extremely difficult but not impossible to do. As she practiced, Sue made
  out the words as she passed in front of the mirror and noted they stayed on
  for about 5 seconds apiece. Basically in a normal stride they would be on all
  the time until she stopped and didn't move. In front of the mirror it didn't
  seem too long but once outside and possibly being seen by somebody it would
  be hell. "I hope I don't have to walk very far in these." She commented to
  Bob. 
"Why you don't like the advertisement?" 
"Well that, and look at these fuckers. I'm basically teetering in the balls
  of my feet and these pencil thin heels. These aren't designed for anything
  more than posing in." Sue sat down as the short trial already made her calves
  and feet hurt. 
Bob laughed. "But they make your ass sway so seductively and think how your
  tits will giggle walking in them." 
Sue's mind began to go crazy as she tried to imagine where and what she'd
  be doing in these ridicules heels and probably naked. 
Since Bob told her it wouldn't matter what she wore, Sue simply put on a
  t-shirt and pair of shorts to go along with her FUCK ME heels. She had to laugh
  to herself. As if men didn't already get the idea about a woman in red pencil
  high heels as fuck me shoes. She figured they would be trolling for the dumber,
  slower members of the species when now days when you have it spelled out for
  them. 
They drove to a popular teenage make out spot in a forest preserve some 15
  miles from their home town. Neither Bob nor Sue were brought up in Summerville
  area so they honestly couldn't vouch for the tales about the preserves but
  if you believe half of everything you heard about it, on any given weekend
  night there were as many as 50 couples going at it sometime or somewhere throughout
  the woods. However that was about 5 years ago. As of late there had been many
  of both vagrants and illegal aliens who made the preserves their nightly hangout.
  Sue began to legitimately worry. Bob mentioned she wouldn't be wearing her
  clothes very long and she'd heard accounts of women joggers being hassled in
  this area. What could she expect? 
Bob was told not to respond to any of her concerns or discussions about the
  situation. Strict Master and Bob both discussed not only the possibilities
  but probabilities of Sue's encounters. Bob figured, she'd already given blowjobs
  to more than a dozen strangers during earlier games, fucked another dozen while
  swinging and bar slutting. If or really when it happen tonight, Bob figured
  she'd be so horny by the time it came about that she'd probably be the one
  who ran down some homeless guy or whomever. Strict Master's chats with Bob
  pretty much gave him solace that there are pretty much flat out horny slutty
  women in this world and his wife was one of them. At least this way he provided
  and somewhat controlled her fulfillment for her lust and enjoy the benefits
  like this week's wild fuckings. The alternative for a wanton woman like his
  wife was that she'd find it on her own. Bob wasn't totally convinced about
  everything Strict Master told him but he knew from the beginning being married
  to such a hot and much younger woman would have it's problems but the benefits
  outweighed the problems. 
As for Sue, she did have wild cravings but not uncontrolled like Strict Master
  told Bob. If anything, she was intimidated by a lot of this but felt she was
  doing it for her husband. She couldn't believe how easily he allowed, even
  encouraged strangers to use and even abuse her. It was more than a bit unsettling
  how far he pushed the boundary of the games that initially were planned to
  be perilous but limited to cunt wrenching and her wantonly vulnerable to just
  about anyone who wanted such a slut. Still she had never seen him so horny
  and wild than when the restarted these games. 
Bob took out a small bag from the back seat as they got out in the forest
  preserve's parking lot. In the dark the FUCK ME lettering was bright and clear.
  It made her shiver all the more. Bob guided her down the path. She couldn't
  walk very fast in the precarious heels and the path wasn't all that level. "Dang,
  Bob, how much further. These fucken stilettos aren't hiking boots, you know." 
"Hey just doing what I was told by your," he stressed the word your, "master's
  orders." He pulled out a piece of paper. "Says there's a covered lookout point
  about a half mile down here. That is where the fun begins." 
"A half mile." She barked. "Feels like I already walked 3 miles." 
Sue felt her heart beginning to pound. It was very dark and scary along the
  path. "Bob." She whispered not wanting to draw more attention to them than
  the FUCK ME signs already might be doing. "How the hell does some guy who's
  suppose to live a couple of thousand miles away know anything about this park?" 
Bob stopped and looked worried then smiled. "The internet. They list all
  state and county parks and even have maps of their setups. Some of the questions
  he asked me early on was what parks were around here. He must have looked it
  up." They continued to walk with their slow steady pace. The further they went
  the harder Bob's dick was getting knowing his wife would be walking back alone,
  naked and cuffed. What he didn't know was anything else this Strict Master
  guy had planned for her because he followed his wishes for him not to read
  the last note he sent until they arrived at the lookout pint and Susan was
  restrained. 
"Shish!" Susan stopped. "Did you hear something?" she whispered? Bob listened
  and then said it was probably an animal. "What kind of animals are out here?" she
  asked. 
"You know, mostly squirrels, rabbits and big bad wolves." He cracked. "Pussy
  eating wolves with big cocks for horny sluts." 
They stood silent for a little longer before walking again. Then Sue put
  out her arm and stopped him again. "That was a voice." 
 "Could be sweetie. Some teens still use this area to get a piece of ass
  and I've heard it's a bums paradise during the summer." 
"Bob, lets forget this, ok?" she said. "You and I both know I enjoy danger
  but this is creepy." 
It was the first time Bob showed frustration for his wife's cowering After
  all he went through and bought everything Strict Master told him to buy. He
  gave up a trip to Boston that was fairly important to the office and he was
  horny. "It's up to you baby. It's all about you but I can tell you if you tell
  your online master you chicken out I doubt he'll want to work with you any
  longer." She saw how disappointed he looked at her. After all this whole thing
  was her cravings. "Look there's the lookout shack." 
Susan was visibly panting as she looked toward the shed and back out into
  the dark wooded area. "No, I want this." She whispered. After all what can
  happen that I haven't experienced before? 
Bob asked her a couple of times if she was really sure. Yes he would be a
  little upset but couldn't begin to imagine how she felt as the victim of this
  game. "Ya, I'm sure. I'm so fucken wet between my legs that I have to admit
  it's the danger that's an aphrodisiac for me." They walked the last 20 yards
  to the shed. Both looked out from the point. It was a great view but only one
  of them could really appreciate it considering why they truly were there. 
"Ok, you ready?" he said facing his sexy young wife. "Sue. Susan are you
  sure you want to go through with this. I mean I know some of what is to come
  but I don't even know everything and I don't want you doing anything that&hellip;. " 
Sue shut him up with a kiss. "I honestly hate to say this, honey but I not
  only want to do this but have to. I've been so horny all week thinking about
  all of this and if I chicken out now it would ruin anything in the future.
  I like the idea of feeling I can't refuse. It makes me so fucken horny to be
  submissive." 
Bob pretended to look shocked. He kissed her and romantically whispered, "Strip
  Suzie slut." 
This was it. The countdown to the blast off. Sue knew if she hesitated Bob
  might not completely follow the planned out orders Strict Master had sent him
  and she wanted, or thought she wanted, was pretty sure she wanted whatever
  was planned for her. She pulled off the t-shirt. Her bountiful tits sprang
  out playfully. Sue felt her nipples harden even more in the cool night air.
  She winked at her husband in a fake show of confidence as she wiggled out of
  the shorts she wore. The she didn't bother with underwear therefore she was
  left with the locked on heels, even though inwardly she was apprehensive. Sue
  forced herself to stand erect and proud without instinctively covering herself
  in the openness. Bob took out a pair of handcuffs and locked them on her wrists
  surprisingly in front of her. Next out of the bag he took a wide leather collar.
  Her placed the collar on her neck and told her to raise her hands and place
  them behind her neck. The lock behind her neck not only locked the collar but
  now trapped her cuffed wrists up and behind her head. Sue realized immediately
  how this impelled her to thrust her tits outward almost as if she was flaunting
  them and tempting anyone to touch them. Bob could not help but cup one of her
  tits and suck the nipple. Susan gasped with wanton desire and was about to
  beg him to fuck her before they began when suddenly they both heard voices
  as well as approaching footsteps. 
"Bob." She whispered in a panic. Her husband helped her couch down as he
  moved her out of the shelter and behind some thick brush to the left of the
  lookout point. Without warning he crawled back into the open side of the hut
  and retrieved the bag of toys and instruction envelopes he'd been carrying.
  He just made it back when they spotted 4 teenage guys carrying what looked
  like a 12 pack of beer. Bob helped Susan move deeper into the brush cover when
  it became evident they were heading for the shack they had just escaped from. "Honey
  my clothes." Susan whispered. Bob poked his head up. There would be no way
  of getting back to the shelter again without being seen. Susan's clothes were
  in the corner of the bench. Maybe they wouldn't notice them. 
"Unlock my wrists so I can move better." She asked in a much quieter hushed
  tone. 
Bob noticed being naked with her wrists locked behind her neck, the bushes
  that surrounded them were hiding them well but the branches and sharp were
  also stabbing at her tits, thighs and ass. There was nothing he could do for
  her. The teens were approaching the lookout shelter and trying to open the
  paper bag would make too much noise. Bob just shook his head. They both held
  their breath and tried not to move. 
"What the fuck, man. What are we doing here. You know we'll get caught drinking
  out in the open here." 
"Just be cool. The preserve is still closed for repairs, ok. There aren't
  any rangers around to fuck things up. That's why those fucken bums back down
  the path laid out so close to the path. They know no ones suppose to be here." 
"Hey look at this, some bitch's shorts and top. Bet she got fucked here." The
  kid said twirling the yellow shorts around. 
"Give me another beer will ya. And forget the shorts. If there was a bitch
  in them now, we'd all want to shove out dicks up her ass but I'm not into sniffing
  women's clothing." 
The guy with the clothing brought the crotch of the shorts to his nose. "Hey
  I think these have just been left here. I can smell the bitch's cunt." 
The other guy who asked for the beer grabbed the shorts and top out of his
  buddy's hand and threw them over the edge of the lookout bluff. "Beer, now." He
  shouted. The others laughed. An empty can landed just behind were Bob was hiding.
  They both thought for a second they'd been seen. Susan, kneeling helplessly
  naked with her chest prominently presented was panting softly but the rise
  and fall of her chest in such a precarious situation was turning her husband
  on so much that he began to stroke his cock though his pants. As for Susan
  she felt the same sexual tingle she tried to deny the night Bob's salesman
  associate found her spread eagle and abused her so awesomely. 
"Come on, guys. Lets get out of here. I know a spot along the lagoon that
  is perfect where we can finish off the beer and light up some of this shit
  without any worries." 
The guy who threw the t-shirt and shorts over the side asked, "Don't you
  want to climb down there and get your cunt sniff rag, George?" 
"Fuck you but if they find a cunt's body somewhere with your DNA on her clothes,
  it would serve you right." 
"Get the fuck going. You've been watching too much CSI." 
This was too much for Bob. He began to cum in his pants as the guys walked
  down the path away from the lookout shack. "That was fucken fantastic." he
  groaned as he shooting his load. Sue looked at him in frustration. She really
  wanted him to fuck her but he already came. "Now I kind of understand why this
  is so exciting to you." He told her as he stood up. 
"Oh sure. You're there jerking yourself off while I'm butt ass naked with
  my wrists cuffed and tits out." 
"Hey we each got our roles, honey." 
Bob helped Sue out from behind the bushes with only a few added scratches
  and pricks to her tits and legs. "I think we better wait a little while so
  you don't happen to stumble on those guys down the way." 
"What do you mean down the way." She asked. 
"Opps, almost gave away the next stage." 
"Bob, if we're going to wait around before starting, can you unlock my wrists?
  My arms are getting tired up like this." Bob's mischievous grin kind of told
  her the answer. He told her he liked her like that and she would remain so
  since as far as he was concern the ordeal began once her wrists were locked.
  Sue sat down on the bench. She was surprised how easily she was submitting
  to this insanity even though they nearly got caught. 
"Good news, honey." 
"What?" 
Bob was leaning over the low wall facing out over the bluff. "You won't have
  to worry about washing those shorts and top. They're stuck hanging from a tree
  down there. You didn't happen to bring a change of clothes with you to ride
  home in did you? 
"Listen, if I go through this, you'll give me your shirt to wear. It's the
  least you can do since you won't unlock my wrists." 
Bob and Sue sat there for about 10 minutes to make sure it would be somewhat
  safe to begin. Sue's nipples were stiff and aching from their exposure and
  the cool night air. Bob loved it. "I think it's time, don't you?" 
Even more so than before Sue was nervous about what she knew she wanted to
  do. "You realize Bob, there is a good chance if I'm spotted, I might be raped." 
Bob played the supportive liberal sexual partner but he hid most of his true
  feelings about his wife's appetite for this type of risky stimulation. He admitted
  to himself a while back that he loved seeing his young ravishing wife helplessly
  bound. Her body was created to be flaunted and tormented but he had never really
  told her how he felt about her performing sexual acts with other men. Oh it
  was a turn on and it made him horny like it would for most men but this was
  his wife and to see her experience an orgasm, receive heighten sexual pleasure
  and have another man inside her bothered Bob a lot. But he felt for her sake
  he could deal with it and even acted as if he was oblivious to this aspect
  of the games. 
"Nonsense." He smacked her on her ass. "Restrained like that, flaunting your
  tits, flashing your fuck me signs and the rest of your master's accessories,
  it would never be considered rape. You'd just be seen as a wanton slut getting
  what she wants." 
Sue began feeling the trickle of her juices once again escape her aroused
  turgid pussy. If her husband would have said something like he just said at
  any other time she would have slapped him as hard as she could but she couldn't
  because her wrists were secured behind her neck and she was naked and restrained
  because she asked for this and wanted it more than ever now. In all honesty
  she didn't want to be raped or have any kind of sex with strangers again. She
  really didn't even want to be seen like this by anyone other than her husband.
  It would have be enough if she could get through the night almost, just almost
  being caught, like they just experience in the bushes. It would be enough for
  her. It was the titillation of both danger and vulnerability that turn her
  on so much but to feel the thrill she was getting, it had to be real. The danger
  and risk had to be genuine. 
Sue wished there was a way to set limits to how far the games would go. But
  she knew they were way past the limits she was think of. If only her husband
  didn't enjoy hearing about how some guy came in her mouth, treated her like
  shit or fucked her hard and called her a slut. Sue realized way back when they
  first started she should have set limits to how far she was willing to go with
  others. She just wanted to flirt and even tease to the point of being groped,
  maybe. But their very first try she was forced to suck all the men in the bar
  and she was surprised when Bob enjoyed this so much. Yes the thrill set her
  off a lot but in spite the inevitable climaxes she experienced when being fucked
  by another man, it made her feel very dirty. No it made her feel like she really
  was a slut. Suzie Slut as Bob called her. Yet she was resolved to endure the
  humiliation and depravity of the game for her husband. 
True communication between a man and his wife is one of the most lacking
  aspect in today's marriages. Assuming the other's feelings can be the number
  one reason for choosing the wrong road to go down in a relationship. Strict
  Master, Trent Williams totally understood this aspect of Sue and Bob's relationship
  and made sure they didn't. While writing Susan, he often told her as a submissive
  you should suffer silently for your lover. To Bob, he reassured him that what
  he was doing for his wife was the ultimate sacrifice of love. He often reminded
  him of his wife's longings. Trent knew when to pull the string on his puppets
  and get them to do what he wanted. 
"What do you mean other accessories?" she asked. 
"Well lets see what your master had me buy for you." Bob open the bag and
  took out a box. When he opened it, there were two silver balls. "You've heard
  of Ben-wah balls haven't you?" Sue had heard of them but wasn't sure what it
  was other than some sore of a sexual aid. Bob knelt down before her. "I'm going
  to insert these in your dripping cunt. You'll have to clench your muscles a
  bit to hold them in your well lubes cunt." He parted her lips and Sue let out
  a low moan from his touch there. The first ball popped in and she let out a
  gasp. "One and&hellip;&hellip; two. There you go." As the balls touched she
  instantly remembered what she heard about the Ben-wah balls. It was going to
  be torturous having that kind of stimulation without relief. "How does that
  feel?" he asked. Sue told him like she needed a cock soon. "Be careful what
  you wish for there are probably a lot of cocks out there and you can't fend
  them off." Sue let out another moan as he played both physically and mentally
  with her now. 
Next Bob took out a rather strange item. It had straps that looked like they
  were attached to a ring. Bob told her to open her mouth. Sue obeyed but didn't
  like this idea. In a few moments it was buckled on and her mouth was forced
  to remain wide open. "Ok, I'm suppose to open the envelope I put instruction
  #1 in." Bob ripped it open and took out a print out he was told not to read
  until now. "I'll just read it. Ok, if Bob if you have followed all my directions
  up to now and Susan is a true submissive slut, she should be kneeling naked." Bob
  stopped and pointed to the ground. It was stupid but Sue obliged and knelt
  down before him before Bob went back to reading the paper. "with her tits begging
  to be sucked or whipped, it really doesn't matter with a slut. Her cunt vibrating
  with every move and her mouth in the customary, if the other holes are being
  fucked stick your cock in here, position. There is just the three remaining
  items to place upon her slutty body but finish reading this so both of you
  know your assignments. You have walked approximately a half mile but this is
  just the start. Bob you will leave the slut alone to think about what she will
  have to do and what can easily be done to her. I'll beg your slut wife has
  a puddle from her slut cunt right now." Bob looked down between Sue's legs.
  She did have a puddle but her cunt was glistening with wetness for sure. He
  continued to read, "You will take envelope #2 and go approximately another &frac14; mile
  down the path. The map says there are restrooms there. Place the envelope somewhere
  where she'll have to work to get it and return to your slut of a wife. Once
  you get back tell her were she can find the envelope. It has the key to the
  lock securing your wrists up behind your neck. With her hands just handcuffed
  in front of her, it will be easier to make it all the way back to where you
  parked the car and your ragging hard on, I'm sure. Oh, before I forget. Bob
  when you do return and tell her where the envelope is, add the three remaining
  items to her so she'll have extra fun. Then go back to your car and drive to
  the nearest bar and have a beer so you are not tempted to double back and help
  her in anyway. Once at the bar open envelope #3 and read it. Enjoy both of
  you." Signed Strict Master. 
Bob looked at his inviting kneeling wife. "What do you think?" he asked,
  to assure himself for the 10 th  time that she really
  wanted this. 
"I wish you didn't jerk yourself off so I could be fucked before I take off." She
  wanted to say but all that came out of her forced opened mouth was garble. 
While Bob was gone to place the envelope, she really began to feel herself
  panic. This was nuts allowing herself to be so vulnerable and helpless. At
  least when she was tied in their yard she had some security that Bob was somewhere
  nearby. This ordeal was geared to almost guaranteed to be trouble. She began
  to pace but the balls within her immediately started their maddening vibrations.
  How was she ever going to be able to walk &frac14; mile with these damn things
  doing this to her pussy. She made a mental note that once she got retrieved
  the key and could bring her hands down from behind her head, she was taking
  the sexual tortuous balls out of her. She wouldn't be able to deal with any
  additional stimulation's than she was experiencing just from being out there
  like she was. 
Bob was somewhat out of breath when he returned. "The envelope your master
  sent me with the key to your limited freedom is sitting on the ground right
  under a light by the outhouse. I know he said make it difficult but I figured
  just being out in the open under a light like that was enough. Don't You?" Sue
  would have given him a kiss to show him she agreed but she couldn't with the
  damn ring gag locked in her mouth. "Besides you'll have this other stuff to
  contend with." Bob pulled out the 4 items from the bag. The first was the envelope
  with the note he was suppose to read at the bar. He placed it in his jacket
  pocket. He told her he figured, her walk down the hill the additional quarter
  of a mile, retrieving the key to unlock her wrists from behind her head and
  the return walk, now three quarters of a mile back to the parking lot would
  take her maybe an hour and a half to maybe even two hours to accomplish. He
  knew she would have difficulty walking in the stiletto heels not to mention
  the hindrance her forced flaunting of her body. Then of course, being a naked
  utterly vulnerable woman probably would mean she wouldn't just be strutting
  her stuff down the path. She might have to dash into the bushes to hide or
  at the least stop to listen if there was someone out there, like the Big Bad
  Wolf. 
"Strict Master is diabolical you know." He said holding up the three remaining
  items. "These might hurt a little." Sue flinched as the clips she hated so
  much in the back yard were once again biting her nipples. She let out a gurgling
  moan. What she didn't notice was the two 6 inch plastic strips dangling from
  each of the nasty clips. Bob took the last item. It was one of those florescent
  green glowing necklaces kids buy at carnivals or fairs. Bob snapped the cord
  and attached it around her neck. It slowly began to brighten up. Then Bob flicked
  each of the strips hanging from her nipple clamps with his fingers. They too
  slowly began to glow. Bob kissed her and wished her good luck and left before
  he considered calling the whole thing off. He began to trot so as to disappear
  as quickly as possible. 
Susan screamed his name but without the ability to even flex her mouth a
  little it just came out like, "Ouhhh. Ouhhh!" 
How in the hell was she suppose to be able to sneak down to get the key when
  she looked like a FUCK ME Christmas tree? 
Sue looked down. The damn lighted strips and necklace would not only be seen
  for some distance but it made it even easier for her nakedness to be seen.
  The only thing it did for her advantage was give off enough light so she could
  see the ground and the path better than simply in the dark. What the hell am
  I going to do now? she thought to herself. She can't just walk back to the
  parking area lit up and with her wrists locked behind her neck like they were.
  Even if she could manage the half mile walk so restrained, Bob would have left
  for the bar as instructed and where would she be but out in the open waiting
  for in like a slutty neon sign. 
Her best bet was to get down to the envelope with the key. If she could make
  it without being caught, at least once she unlocked the handcuff link from
  her collar, she could use her hands to take the torturous clips and lights
  off her nipples and pull the lighted ring off her neck as well as remove the
  balls in her cunt. 
Sue began to slowly walk. The vibrations started within her pussy. She'd
  forgotten about the Ben-wah balls. Her master was diabolical indeed. She was
  now forced to make herself endure it all. 
 *** TO BE CONTINUED **** 
C.U.F.F.S. { C  onsensual, U  ltimate
    acceptance, F  uture F  orced S  lave
    } 
By DJC  
Chapter 5 B  
You Bastard, How can I serve you next 2  
Susan hadn't gone 50 yards down the path before the combination of the extreme
  arousal from her exposure, vulnerability, and bondage along with the painful
  strain on her calves and arched feet from teetering in the stiletto heels,
  the torture the clips were delivering to her nipples, and of course the constant
  excitement the vibration of the balls within her were giving her body. It all
  became too much for her cunt to handle. She had to cum and she had to cum now.  
Sue maneuvered to the side of the path and found a young sapling she felt
  she could rub herself up against. Straddling her thighs around the young tree,
  she pushed forward , bending the 2 &frac12; inch trunk forward until it's resistance
  pushed up against her wet spread cunt in just the right place. Without the
  slightest thought about anything but to satisfy her needs, she humped the bent
  rough trunk uncontrollably.  
Four feet off a public pathway, the wife of a respective manager, naked and
  completely exposed had three consecutive climaxes. One upon another they came.
  The dangling glow strips bouncing wildly as if saying look here, look here.  
Susan was panting. Her body dripped sweat. Her forced open mouth allowed
  drool down her cheeks and over her breasts. If the climaxes weren't as great
  as they were, she would have felt much more depraved as she back off the small
  sapling. How in hell would she ever be able to go all the way down to the restrooms
  were the key to the lock holding her wrists to her collar was placed? She felt
  it was too much and too far but the plan left her with no alternatives but
  to continue and to endure.  
With each step she felt the overwhelming sensation of just how vulnerable
  she was. A woman alone in a supposedly closed park was bad enough. A woman
  alone and naked was insane. A woman alone, naked and utterly secured in a way
  that didn't just offer her body, her mouth and fuck holes for use but invited
  abuse. Susan sighed as she wobbly took another step. She allowed herself to
  freely get into this and obviously her husband was all for it too. He left
  her like this knowing the additions of the glow strips and necklace and flashing
  FUCK ME heels would surely attract anyone around.  
Damn her feet and calves were hurting in the heels. Her arms ached from being
  held up high in such an awkward position for so lone of time. Indeed they were
  discomforting but in reality not all that bad. If anything she was trying to
  fool herself by focusing on the discomforts and desperately trying to ignore
  another building climax. She tried to move along quicker. The sooner she could
  unlock her wrists from behind her neck the sooner she could remove the biting
  clips and frustrating shuddering balls within her.  
Attempting to walk too aggressively in the towering heels was a mistake.
  She began to stumble. Sue first staggered forward, she held herself up for
  another three wobbly steps before she lost it. She fell face first. Actually
  tits first the way she was secured. The fall made the metal clips tear at her
  nipples. She cried out in pain as they stabbed her breasts. She waited to catch
  her breath before trying to move. But when she finally began to inch forward
  to get up, she felt all the tiny stones poking not only into her breasts but
  her whole body. She couldn't believe it but she felt her pussy inadvertently
  clinching the balls which finally sent her over the top again. As her climax
  built Susan was aware she was now deliberately inducing additional tortures
  to herself to heighten the shuddering between her legs. Grunting once again
  through yet another climax she ground her tits and cunt upon the biting stones.
  For a full 3 minutes she bucked out the magnificent orgasm.  
Once back on her feet she reflected at how bizarre she and her body was reacting
  to all this. She wondered if anybody was as depraved as she felt she was right
  now.  
Sue started once more down the path but with shorter and more careful steps.  
Between stopping to fulfill her uncontrolled needs and pausing to listen
  for sounds of the night. It took her 45 minutes to reach the clearing where
  the parks restrooms were located. Stepping out into the clearing gave her an
  even stronger sense of insecurity but once she approached the well lit area
  of the building it raised her exposure awareness to a completely different
  level.  
Susan carefully quickened her pace. Her tits bouncing wildly. Her hot cunt
  dripping from previous cums. But she made it alongside the building and in
  a few minutes spotted the envelope left by her husband in front of one of the
  washroom doors. Immediately she determined how difficult it was going to be
  to pick it up the way she was bound. Susan carefully tried to judged the distance
  she would need before she carefully squatted and then flopped down on her bare
  ass. With one more glance over her shoulder she laid back. Sue judged it perfectly
  as her cuffed hands found the envelope. She struggled to rip open the envelope
  to finally get at the key.  
She excitedly worked the key around until she got it in the lock's hole but
  before she could maneuver her fingers around to unlock it, she heard the laughter
  and unmistakable voices of the teens they had run into earlier. Not wanting
  to lose the key nor waste anytime struggling with the lock, she forced herself
  up and peered around the building. Sure enough, the four teens were approaching
  the building from the opposite side she was standing.  
"Fuck you, I'm just going to stop at the washroom, man. You got a problem
  with that.?"  
"Hey fuck head, there's a whole fucken forest with trees. Piss like a bear."  
"I got to take a shit ok?"  
"More information than I wanted to know."  
Susan looked up. She was in front of the men's door. Immediately she began
  to back way from the corner where they would be coming. The damn glow sticks
  and necklace seemed brighter than ever on her. She listened and finally moved
  around the building as they came about the opposite corner. Carefully and as
  quietly as she could, she made her way into the doorway of the women's restroom
  on the opposite side of the building. Thank goodness, she thought, she didn't
  have those bells from the back yard on her nipples.  
"Damn it's locked. Let me check the women's restroom."  
Susan nearly peed right there. She had to move immediately and had to guess
  which way around the building they would come. If she was wrong she would run
  right into them. She immediately guessed they wouldn't go the long way around.
  Susan barely made it around the corner before they came around. It was becoming
  difficult for her to breath as she began to panic.  
"It's fucken locked too. Come on. I want to get some more shit to smoke.
  If you want to shit you can do it behind a tree and use some Kleenex I got
  in my car."  
Susan couldn't believe it. They were leaving. She watched them heading up
  the path she just came from. She was lucky once more that they never saw her
  eerie glowing body. She began trying to work the key in the lock to finally
  free her wrists from the neck collar.  
 - -  
Meanwhile in a bar some 3 miles from the forest preserve entrance, Bob had
  finished his second beer and decided he wasted enough time so he opened the
  last envelope with his final set of instructions.  
Bob,  
Well if Susan and you have followed all my instructions to the letter then
  you know your willing slut wife is out in the dark woods, naked, cuffed and
  gagged so helplessly that she couldn't fend off a 5 year old. But I doubt she's
  worried about some five year old's dick. She has a lot more things to contend
  with.  
Let me say this Bob, Susan has written often at how get you have been regarding
  fulfilling her kinky needs along these lines. You should be proud of yourself
  and in the confidence of your guys love for each other. (Trent Williams went
  on of 6 paragraphs lying about how Susan confided in him that she was afraid
  Bob would question her need to submit to most anyone in these kinds of situations.)  
So Bob if everything was done right, there are still 3 of those fantastic
  surprises Slutty Susan enjoys so much still left.  
First of all, the envelope with the key you placed further down the path.
  Well that key is worthless. I filed down one of the points so if slutty thought
  finding the key would lessen her predicament, she's wrong. As a matter of fact
  her predicament is much worse. She's at least &frac34; of a mile from the parking
  lot where you dropped her off that is if she isn't already some transients
  or teenager's fuck or whipping toy or both. All she has to do is walk back.
  Opps, surprise number 2. With the closure of the park during repairs, the locals
  have reported a dramatic decrease in transients sleeping out on the streets.
  Here's the quote from the local paper. "An estimated 70 to 80 homeless or illegal
  aliens have called the forest preserves home during its renovations. Although
  the town council aren't officially condoning the use of the park for such living
  activities, off the record they are pleased it has temporarily reduced the
  problems in town."  
Hum what do you think Bob? I wonder just how horny some of these guys are?
  Does Susan know the Spanish word for spread-em?"  
Oh before you take off to try and help save her. Surprise #3. They lock the
  gate to the road leading to the parking area where you dropped her off. Figure
  on hiking that half mile from the entrance.  
Hey think of all the enjoyment and thrills she's getting. Have her report
  when ever she feels up to it.  
Strict Master  
Bob Jumped up from the bar stool. He checked his watch. His wife had been
  out there alone now for almost 2 hours and even if he hustled, she'd be there
  at least another &frac12; hour alone and that was if he could find her.  
 - -  
Once the 4 teens sounded that they were well up the path, Susan began to
  struggle with the lock and key once more. Something was wrong. It was in there
  ok but wouldn't turn. She fingered it carefully and turned the key around thinking
  it had to go in one particular way. That didn't work. "Fuck!" she whispered.
  She tried several more time before conceding defeat. She would just have to
  return to the parking lot to meet Bob like she was.  
 *** TO BE CONTINUED *****  
C.U.F.F.S. { C  onsensual, U  ltimate
  acceptance, F  uture F  orced S  lave
  }  
By DJC  
Chapter 6 &ndash;  
Things can get worse  
Bob pulled out of the bar's parking lot and began speeding back to rescue
  his helpless wife. He kept telling himself she would be alright, she'd be alright.  
 - -- --  
Sue once again frantically began to work on unlocking the collar lock. After
  several tries she realized it was no use. The key wouldn't work. Her cuffed
  wrists would remain locked behind her neck. The biting clips would remain on
  her very sore nipples and the ben-wah balls would continue to stir her already
  sopping cunt. She realized she was worse off than when Bob left her out there.
  She was further away from the parking area and had no idea when her husband
  would return for her but to get there she'd be on the same path the four teenagers
  just went up on.  
Sue decided she would be safer if just remained put for awhile.  
 
   
    - - --  
   
 
"I clocked you doing 55. There's a reason why this winding road is posted
  35 Mr. Banks." The state patrolman told Bob. "What is your hurry way out here
  anyway?"  
Bob's mind raced as he tried to think up a story. Something told him he shouldn't
  say he was hurrying to pick up his wife he left cuffed and naked in the forest
  preserves but between his aggravation with getting stopped and his concern
  for his wife's safety, he didn't really consider what he blurted out. "I'm
  sorry trooper, I just lost track of time at Jimmy's back there and have to
  pick my wife up." He explained.  
The trooper raised his flashlight and looked closer at Bob's eyes. "Jimmy's,
  huh? Have you been drinking sir?"  
Bob immediately realized his mistake. He wasn't about to compound it by admitting
  to a couple of beers. "Ah no, not really." I was just there wasting time while
  my wife, ah, was doing her thing." He replied.  
"Mr. Banks I believe I smell beer on your breath. I'm going to give you a
  chance to prove you are not driving under the influence. I'm heading into base.
  We have a breathalyzer set up there. If you take the test and pass, you can
  be on your way and I'll forget the speeding ticket too."  
"Can't I just take a road sobriety test?" Bob asked knowing two beers had
  no real effect on him.  
"Not on this winding road. Now are you in agreement, Mr. Banks?"  
Bob glanced out into the dark wooded areas along the road. He could only
  imagine what his beautiful young wife was doing at the moment. Bob nodded and
  followed the state trooper's car to the county headquarters.  
 -- -- --  
Sue's attempts at trying to find a comfortable position thrust up the way
  she was failed. Her shoulders began to burn being held in the strained position.
  Her feet were killing her too but the very worse was the ever increasing bite
  of the metal clips on her nipples that swelled with the chilling night air.
  Susan figured it had to have been at least 15-20 minutes since the boys left.
  This task had given her excitement, several orgasms and as much pain as she
  wished to experience besides she was tired of just waiting now and the glowing
  necklace around her neck was beginning to fade. She figured if she began making
  her way back to where Bob had to be waiting for her, the damn dangling glow
  sticks would soon be fading too.  
What she didn't know was the necklace was just a child's toy but the sticks
  attached to her nipple clips were safety sticks, guaranteed to last 4 hours.
  Once again the vulnerable woman began to walk out from behind her shelter.  
Kenny was just finishing taking a piss. His buddy had to tell his halfwit
  companion to piss away from where they laid down their bedrolls. Kenny and
  Josh were just a couple of the many homeless who had been using the closed
  county preserves. At first the local police spent the time and resources sweeping
  the preserves each night but it did little good. Finally the homeless and authorities
  came to an unofficial compact. They wouldn't be hassled as long as they didn't
  leave a mess. The cops wouldn't waste their time there. As a matter of fact
  they completely stopped checking the area until morning when it was understood,
  they would evacuate for the volunteer forest workers. "Let them be." Captain
  McCoy told his staff. "It kept the drinking, the drugs and whatever off the
  streets. Let them get drunk and high. Who gives a shit?"  
Unfortunately, Bob's naked bound wife kind of cared at the moment. She heard
  the sound of someone pissing and a guy's voice moaning with the relief from
  it. In the pitch dark she couldn't see where it was coming from. Worse of all,
  she had the twin nipple strips jiggling and glowing.  
Kenny had twice been diagnosed with several mental problems. The damn politically
  correct term was physiologically challanged. He would have been raw meat out
  on the streets by himself which is why his buddy Josh was more than his best
  and only friend, he was like a brother to him. So when Kenny spotted the green
  glittering space alien, his only thought was to protect his buddy. Kenny broke
  a thin branch from a nearby sapling. His intention was to chase it away just
  like the dogs that would attach them in town.  
As Susan heard Kenny's crackling approach through dried leaves and brush,
  she panicked trying to find some kind of concealment. Her small careful steps
  off the path were way too little and slow to avoid Kenny's approach. He began
  raving about getting the green body off this planet. Susan felt the first of
  many blows from the slicing switch. Her screams and pleas with the ring gag
  locked in her mouth didn't help any. She sounded like some weird creature.
  Painfully he drove her further and further into the woods. By the time Kenny
  stopped chasing the outer space creature Sue's ass, thighs and back were crisscrossed
  with nasty red stripes. She her breasts rose and feel as she panted. She wasn't
  even sure which way she came from but was sure she didn't want to return in
  the direction of that maniac.  
Stiletto heels were ridiculous in the wood. Sue stumped often. If only the
  two glow sticks dangling from her nipple would die out like the necklace already
  had she might be able to use the path instead of trying to move thought the
  bushes. And only if the damn feeling in her cunt would cool down. But it wasn't
  either. As a matter of fact her climax was unmistakably building. Sue closed
  her eyes and clenched the ben-wah balls driving herself further. Finally she
  was able to achieve, once again, what she needed the most. It was a mind blowing
  orgasm that made her drop to her knees as she rode it out. Gurgling and whining
  sounds flowed from her retained open mouth.  
"What the hell is that?" a voice groggily responded to her almost animalistic
  howls.  
If Sue would have noticed him she couldn't or wouldn't have curtailed the
  fantastic pleasure she was receiving at the moment.  
Suddenly increased paid shot from her nipples through her tits. The fresh
  additional pain just increased the fervor of her climax. She was now uncontrollably
  humping an imaginary cock. One last gasp and she began to sink from a upright
  kneeling position to rest on her heels but this just increased the pain to
  her nipples. Susan's eyes flashed open. Standing before her was a grubby thin
  man holding both of the glow strips and therefore her nipples too.  
"Golly! Look what I caught me guys. You ain't gonna to believe it." Sue shook
  her head no in dismay as he yanked on the nipple clips to make her rise up
  on her feet and follow him. One more slight tug with it's accompanying pain
  and she frantically sought to comply before he could deliver another. "Fuck
  ken heeeeeell !" he squealed as he got a completely look at Sue in all he glory.
  His hand went to her dripping crotch and sank into her wet cunt. It was almost
  enough to make her cum again right there.  
By this time the thin guy's friends came to investigate what he was making
  such a fuss about, Sue was reacting to his finger inside her. Two more men
  just as dirty and unkempt as the guy holding her by her nipple clips couldn't
  believe their eyes what Slim was playing with. "Looks to me like Slim caught
  himself a wild cunt." one laughed.  
Hands began to maul Sue's body, pulling squeezing and probing her everywhere.
  Inevitably one of them discovered there was something in her cunt. "What the
  fuck is this? He said fingering around up inside her. Sue's legs began to go
  limp but they held her up and kicked her legs wide apart as the cunt miner
  explored her dripping cave. The men watched as she arched her back but thrust
  her hips toward the fingers within her. Suddenly, he pulled one of the balls
  from her cunt. He held the shiny silvery ball up for all to see and shook it. "It's
  got something inside it." He proclaimed.  
Another filthy hand grabbed it and said it was one of those oriental sex
  things sluts use to keep themselves aroused. "There should be another in there,
  Willie." The excavation was repeated until he pulled the second ball from her.  
They all looked at the now wide open and vulnerable woman they had. "You
  put them in yourself slut?" Sue's face an upper body was now beet red with
  embarrassment and humiliation. She meekly nodded.  
"What the fuck are you doing out here like this?" the same guy asked. It
  was easy to tell the others seem to let him take the lead and didn't interrupt
  him. Sue's unintelligible ring gagged response answered nothing for the three
  men.  
"Should I be taking this out of her mouth? It's got a strap and buckle back
  here. The guy holding her up proclaimed.  
The big guy cupped one of Sue's tits with it's dangling glow strip. "Naw,
  don't think so. I think this cunt is out here to get fucked. That there is
  a ring gag to hold her mouth open so you can shove a cock in her mouth and
  she can't bit it. Not sure if she done this to herself or if it's some kind
  of initiation thing but look at how she is open and ready for cocks anywhere.
  They all laughed as they spread her legs as wide open as they could. "You do
  this to yourself, cunt?"  
"Hey, Crank, look at her shoes. They say fuck me on the backs."  
Sue's panting made her tight concave stomach palpitate while causing her
  full breasts to rise and fall. Her eyes were wide with fear and drool seeped
  from the corners of her mouth. She shook her head no, hoping they might come
  to the conclusion this was forced upon her and they might take pity and help
  her instead of what she was sure they were planning.  
"You're lying." The big guys growled at her. He took hold of one of the nipple
  clamps and began to turn it along with her already swollen tortured nipple.
  Her body went rigid and she bucked but it didn't take much for the other two
  men to control her already restrained frame. As he continued to twist, her
  head jerked back and then forward. The same animalistic shriek came from her
  mouth. Sue shook her head yes to stop the horrible pain. When she could open
  her tear filled eyes she saw his yellow teeth grin. "And you want to fuck me
  and the boys for this here initiation, right?" he ended the question with another
  twist to her tortured nipple. Sue readily agreed.  
"Good. Come on guys gather up your stuff, I think we better bring our willing
  initiation cunt way back into that heavy grove down past the stream. We don't
  want to share this catch right away with too many others out here do we?" They
  shoved her to where they were all sleeping a few moments ago and began rolling
  up blankets and gather the flattened cardboard boxes they laid upon. Sue stood
  watching them frantically trying to think of a way out. Slowly she took a step
  back, then another. She wasn't thinking straight or she would have realized
  there wasn't a chance in hell of escaping them in the dark with herself being
  a glowing target. But Sue just couldn't stand there and wait to be taken somewhere
  to be fucked by these filthy derelicts.  
Her next step snapped a twig. Sue panicked and turned to run. She made it
  three steps before she lost her balance in the heels. Crank pulled her up by
  her hair. "You ain't going nowhere cunt. You came looken for an initiation
  and your going to get a hell of a one." He grabbed both of the nipple glow
  strips and led her back. "Willie, give me a couple pieces of rope." Willie
  tossed him a length of white cord they used to hold up a tarp if it rained. "Naw
  give me that rough thin hemp. By the looks of these clips on her nipples this
  cunt likes pain. Right bitch?" Sue shook her head no but she couldn't deny
  the tingle she was feeling awaiting what he had planned for her. Something
  seemed to snap within her. She took her shot at rationally attempting an escape.
  Now she was resigned to the fact she was theirs and can't do a thing to prevent
  whatever was in store for her.  
Crank grabbed her and forced her to bend forward. He began looping the coarse
  twine around her tits at their bases. Her already sore breast immediately began
  to swell as he continued loop after loop. Sue began whining. Her breasts were
  now hard red balloons. They were getting darker by the minute. Crank used the
  two loose ends from each breasts noose and pulled her toward a medium size
  tree. "Slim, toss that duffel bag here."  
Crank placed it against the tree before forcing Sue to turn and step up on
  it. Once up on the bag , Crank flipped the two pieces of twine up over a bough
  and pulled on them forcing Sue to try and compensate for the upward tug on
  her tits before tying them off. "Now you wait here and think about the punishment
  you earned trying to run away from us." Sue could only imagine the spectacle
  she must have made. Naked, arms held up behind her neck with her crimson ballooning
  tits thrust outward. She struggled on her tip toes to relieve the torture to
  her tits. But things were about to get much worse as she felt the bag being
  pulled out from under her feet. A howl emitted from her open mouth. She could
  just barely touch the ground with the tips of her shoes. It wasn't much support
  but it was something. At first she tried to struggle to plead with her eyes
  and show how much this was hurting her but she quickly learn the only way not
  to cause herself additional torture was to remain as still as possible. Crank
  left her to help the others get everything together.  
All Sue could think of was Bob would have to be looking for her by now. He
  must know something went wrong. She just hoped she could endure whatever was
  coming before he finally found her.  
 * * *  
Meanwhile at the county sheriff's office, there was a slight problem. The
  breathalyzer's calibration was off. Sargent Tagert had been struggling with
  the calibration manual for almost an hour. "Fuck it. Call that high school
  kid that worked on the computers and see if he can make heads or tails out
  of this fucken manual. "Looks like this might be your luck day, Mr. Banks.
  Even if your blood alcohol lever was above .6 by the time we get this up and
  running, you'll probably skate. I'll make you a deal. If you'll call your wife
  to pick you up and drive you home, we'll forget the whole thing."  
Bob's head sank dejectedly. "I&hellip;. I can't. I think she out."  
"Ok, I guess you'll have to wait then."  
* * *  
Through tear filled eyes Sue shrieked when she saw the three men standing
  before her straining taunt body each holding a switch. "Willie, take the clips
  off her nipples so we can get good shots at those purple melons out there just
  begging to be whipped." She went while when the clips were abruptly removed
  and the blood rushed back to nipples that had bore their biting for hours.
  It hurt to take a deep breath. It hurt to do anything but she knew the real
  hurt was about to begin.  
 *** TO BE CONTINUED ***  
C.U.F.F.S. { C  onsensual, U  ltimate
  acceptance, F  uture F  orced S  lave
  }  
By DJC  
Sue's White Knight in a Black BMW  
There was no way for a woman to prepare for the intensity of the pain Susan
  felt as the first 4 lashes from the switches torn across her taunt sensitive
  bloated tits. The severe pain forced her to buck wildly which in turn only
  caused her additional pain as the rough hemp twine held her and her breasts
  somewhat stationary to await anything they wanted to do to her. Sue's moaning
  distorted screams were loud enough to give the three men concern. "Get something
  to stuff that hole and stop her from making so much noise." Crank ordered.  
"Like what." Slim sniveled not wanting to loose any time with the beautiful
  opportunity before them.  
"How about those shorts you just shot your load in." Willie laughed pointing
  to the wet spot on Slim's pants. A little embarrassed, the dingy thin man took
  off a pair of underwear and shoved them easily passed the ring gag holding
  Susan's mouth open.  
The three went back to fulfilling a fantasy as they whipped the naked woman
  until all three of the switches finally broke. Susan was crying. She tried
  not to hang by her tied breasts but she was so exhausted from the beating. "You
  going to try and run away from us again?" Crank asked. Sue shook her head no
  and meant it. It was foolish to begin with, and after enduring such a punishment,
  it seemed asinine. She hoped nothing they would do to her could hurt worse
  than what she just suffered.  
"Untie the bitch's tits from the tree but leave the cords on them. We'll
  use them as a leash. I think this cunt is hot and ready to fuck without giving
  us any problems."  
"Maybe we should blindfold her so she can't identify us or anything." Slim
  suggested.  
Crank looked at him and shook his head. "The only thing that's important
  that she could recognize is us, stupid. And she's already has seen our faces." Crank
  jerked on the tit leashes that were now so tightly burrowed into the base of
  each of her tender breast that the slightest pull felt like it would tear her
  tits off. "You ain't going to be telling anybody nothing about this, now are
  you cunt?" Crank pulled up on the twin purplish balloons until the woman danced
  on tip toes to avoid the pain. She frantically shook her head no. Crank laughed
  hard at how easily it was to control this slut puppet on the strings.  
Cranks hand slipped between her thighs and easily passed her wet cunt lips.
  Susan knew damn well just how turned on she was. Crank yellow teeth flashed
  into a sadistic grin as he probed her dripping cunt with two meaty fingers.
  Susan Banks blushed and cursed her shameless response to everything that was
  happening to her. "Show the boys how much you want to be our fuck toy."  
Susan was no longer really rationalizing anything that was happening. She
  was in a kind of an automatic reactionary mode that her body, rather than her
  brain, was controlling. Since she couldn't properly communicate with her mouth
  held open by the ring gag and Slim's underwear stuffing her mouth , she spontaneously
  let her body do her pleading for cock. Susan dropped to her knees displaying
  the most submissive picture any of them ever had seen. "See, she's begging
  for our cocks." He laughed as she lean toward his crotch. "Now lets get going
  so we can enjoy this kinky slut."  
They left Sue's painful nipple clips along with the still glowing tubes hanging
  from the tree she was previously tied up to. Slim insisted on holding the tit
  leash since he was the one who had found the bitch. As they walked he enjoyed
  jerking on the leads just to hear her moan in pain. He really didn't need to
  add to her torment. Just trying to keep up with the men in her heels was hard
  enough. Both Willie and Cranked laughed as her heels flashed FUCK ME, FUCK
  ME.  
The inevitable happened when Sue's foot caught a vine. The captive once again
  lurched forward but being still bound as she was there was little chance of
  recovering her balance. Once again Sue fell straight upon her front only this
  time it hurt her ten times worse with her bulging tied tits.  
Instead of showing the slightest regard for the severe pain she just suffered,
  the three laughed at her while she cried at their feet. "You would think with
  those inflated airbags she would have bounced back up." Willie joked.  
"Come on cunt, get up." Crank snarled at her struggling form.  
Willie whispered something to Crank. He grinned and nodded.  
After Sue struggled back to her feet, Willie pulled out a piece of cloth
  and tied it over her eyes. "I thought there was no sense blindfolding her." Slim
  questioned.  
"Thought the bitch might be a bit more responsive to her leash control blindfolded.
  If she isn't those purple airbags will be taking a lot more jolts." Willie
  laughed.  
Susan's situation worsened. She was blinded to anything that might trip her
  so naturally she wanted to be cautious but the painful yanking of her tits
  wouldn't allow her to take too cautious of steps. Twice more she stumbled and
  fell while the three laughed at her suffering. "How much further did they need
  to take her, the blinded suffering captive thought."  
In reality they hadn't gone all that far through the heavier forest growth.  
"Slim." Willie called out pointing to a three foot thorn bush they just passed.
  Slim caught his cue and lead the helpless woman back around and headed straight
  for the low barbed shrub. Slim side stepped it but kept Susan heading directly
  upon it. The second she felt the thorns piercing her lower thighs and legs
  she hesitated but Slim continued to pull on her tit leash. The blinded woman
  sought to find away around the bush but Willie and Crank would not have any
  of that. Each man grabbed an ankle while Slim impelled her to keep waddling
  forward. The sharp thorns scratched and tore up her inner thighs and piecing
  her ever spreading cunt. Finally the top of the bush bent and slashed up into
  her most tender of openings. Several places the thorns caused tiny trickles
  of blood to appear. There was no way Susan could tell but they lead her back
  over the same spiny bush 6 more times before tiring of this game.  
A little while longer they reached the place they had planned on enjoying
  this cunt. "Here, use this rope and spread those legs about as far as they'll
  go between those two trees." Crank ordered Willie. "Honey, it's show time."  
 * *  
Bob was finally released since they couldn't get the breathalyzer to calibrate. "I
  guess you're just a lucky guy tonight." Sargent Tagert exclaimed. "I suggest
  you take your time driving to pick up your wife. No sense in speeding, it's
  already 2:30 A.M. so you're already probably in deep shit with her."  
"Let the poor guy alone, Tagert. His wife is probably with friends worried
  about him by now." he trooper who brought him in interrupted. "Don't listen
  to him, Mr. Banks. Knowing women, she's probably out having a good time with
  a few close friends, opening up to them the way women do."  
If only Bob knew how literally true that was. The three transients had her
  spread so wide her oozing cunt was gaping wide open. Susan laid panting, but
  not in fear, but rather in anticipation. She didn't care how sore her body
  felt nor how disgusting these three men were. She wanted to feel their cocks
  inside her.  
"Ok, Slim. Finder gets to go first. Where do you want her?"  
Slim stood above the half spread eagled woman. His hard dick didn't appear
  as if it would be very satisfying to Susan but she had no say in what was about
  to happen. First Slim picked the underwear from her mouth. "Use that tongue
  of yours to lube me up or you'll be sorry, slut." He tried to sound gruff and
  slapped at one of her bloated tits to emphasis his point.  
With her mouth held open wide, all she was able do was tongue lash his fowl
  tasting cock. Slim began pumping her face to get himself ready. Without hands
  or much of anyway to participate Sue realized she was nothing more than fuck
  holes for the men to enjoy.  
Susan's sexual frustration was doing nothing more than growing when the skinny
  man blew his load up in her. He was done within a few strokes. She barely even
  felt him. However Willie stood above her next. Her eyes widen as she saw his
  big cock. In girth it was too big for him to fit anything more than the tip
  of it through the ring gag. Sue enthusiastically tried her best to lick the
  tip of his manhood while she felt her pussy spasm with expectation. Willie
  took his position between her wide spread thighs. Susan already was panting
  as she felt his hot cock's head nuzzled against her splayed lips.  
As Willie inched himself forward, Susan's head jolted up and a clear grown
  emitted from her throat. Willie chuckled sensing the power he felt over this
  beautiful horny woman. He grabbed hold of the two tit lashes laying off to
  the sides and pulled on them as he slowing moved himself further into her hot
  slit.  
He was about halfway into her when Susan first erupted. Willie really didn't
  know if it was his pulling on the tit ropes or this wild woman's climax that
  brought her to a near sitting position then dropping back down while her hips
  tried their best to thrust up on him. Willie began to pound the woman's cunt
  calling her every dirty name he knew. Susan heard none of it as wave after
  wave of climaxes nearly made her pass out in sexual bliss.  
Sue didn't even know when Crank and Slim had untied her spread legs and turn
  her over in preparation for Crank's turn at her.  
Sue never was much for anal sex but being a helpless bound slut alone with
  three men simply meant her wants or displeasure were of no concern for anyone
  other than her. Crank fucked her ass hard and long. He too used the tit leashes
  like reins riding a wild horse. It was the very first time Sue ever climaxed
  while being fucked in the ass. What in hell was happening to her? She wondered.
  He was treating her like some kind of animal and she was in sexual bliss.  
There was no need to secure the woman while the three spent men laid around
  and drank from a big bottle of last weeks best grapes. The drinking was the
  demise of any further sexual activity from the three. When they realized none
  of them could get it up again to enjoy this once in a life time gift, they
  decided it would be best to get as far away from the naked kinky bitch before
  they got into trouble. Crank however couldn't pass up one more opportunity
  to whip a naked woman. How many chances does anyone, let alone a lowly transient,
  get to whip a fantastic set of tits?  
As Susan whined and squirmed as much as possible to avoid the slashing branch
  he used on her, her husband's sperm shot a good three feet while he watched.
  Bob had raced back to the forest preserves but his wife was not back to the
  parking area. He ran down the path and probably would have stayed on it for
  the full 3 mile length if it weren't for him spotting the glowing green strips
  off to his left. Thinking it was Susan, he dashed towards it just to find the
  clips with the now fading glow strips hanging from a tree. Then he spotted
  the ben-wah laying on the ground. Bob knew the balls could have fallen out
  on their own but there was no way she could have taken the clips off her own
  nipples since she couldn't have unlocked her wrists from the collar.  
Bob was lucky that he decided to continue down the hill where he first heard
  male voices and then his wife's moaning. Bob approached slowing. After all
  he was alone and had no idea who or what he would face. At first he considered
  faking he was from the police or something to try and scare off the three dirty
  transients. Obviously they weren't like a gang or anything, still it was three
  against one if they didn't fall for it. By the time Bob came within 15 yards
  of the clearing, the skinny guy had just pulled his spent dick out of his wife's
  cunt. Bob's eyes widen when he noticed his wife's bloated purplish tits and
  all the scratch and whip marks across her body. The site of her battered body
  almost emboldened him to the point of charging out to save his wife when he
  saw the size of the next guy's cock and in turn his wife's enthusiastic thrusting
  to what should have been a raping.  
Bob watched and was soon playing with his own cock. He never felt harder
  in his life. The show lasted just under an hour including the whipping of Susan's
  tits once more. The three men just left her laying there naked with cum oozing
  out of her cunt and ass. He waited a little longer before coming out from behind
  the trees.  
As great as her climaxes were she was very relieved to see the man approaching
  was her husband. Bob helped her to sit up. "Damn, honey are you ok?" It seemed
  like a dumb question considering her condition but her positive nod was a relief
  to him. Bob informed her the key would not open the lock that restrained her
  wrists behind her neck. She would have to remain this way until they got home
  and he could use a hacksaw to cut the lock. Susan shook her tits trying to
  get him to understand.  
"What?" Susan tried to point with her head at her bulging tits. "Hold on
  I'll untie your tits."  
Susan sighed of relief was short lived when he informed her he couldn't get
  at the tight knots because her tits were so swollen and the twine was deeply
  imbedded into the base of her breasts. "We can't waste too much time. It will
  be light in a little while and we got to get you out of here." Susan would
  have to bear the tortures of the burning tit nooses, the racking pain in her
  shoulders from being cuffed up behind her neck for so long of time, her total
  nakedness and the humiliation that she would have to ride all the way home
  like this before any relief was in store.  
Bob's cock grew once more as he watched his young wife's tortured body giggle
  and shake before him. He already decided he'd fuck her before she got one strand
  of the tit cords untied. After all, she should pay for everything she put him
  through.  
The longer they walked and the more he watched her battered bruised tits
  bouncing with the steps in the stilettos, Bob also decided one fuck wouldn't
  be payment enough. He would take her ass too just like the last guy did and
  if she was not as enthusiastic about it with him as she was with those three
  derelicts he'd just have to take a strap to her tits as an attitude adjustment.  
 *** TO BE CONTINUED ***  
Chapter 8  
One time on her own  
Neither Bob nor Susan spoke much about the night in the preserves for the
  next two days. Bob felt guilty about how he further he had abused his battered
  wife that night. Meanwhile Sue didn't quit know how to express how her humiliation,
  pain and rapes were the greatest turn on she had ever experienced. But as the
  bruising and soreness slowly faded she knew things were getting out of hand.
  Her common sense was telling her it was wrong to want this much abuse. Her
  sexual cravings were becoming addictive rather than just adventurous play.  
 By the time Sue once again got around to writing Strict Master a report
  about her escapades from that night, she got a stern return about her tardiness.
  She tried to explain just how consuming it had affected her and how dangerous
  it developed.  
Indeed this was a strict master, for he would not answer any of her follow
  up e-mails until he knew the time was right. Finally his reply came as an ultimatum
  rather than the praise she hope to get for her and Bob following his instruction
  to the letter.  
Worthless Cunt,   
   
Ok, you worthless piece of shit, you have one chance to make up
      for your failures if you want me to waste anymore time on you. And since
      you suggested your husband might not want to cooperate this time, I have
      to be imaginative.    
   
This task will not be one designed for your pleasure but rather
      than one I know you will have you suffering for your tardy reporting. Any
      and I mean any failure to fulfill each and every requirement will mean
      the end of our communications. If you succeed in accepting and enduring
      your deserved punishments, I believe I will take you to the next step.   
   
You will not know any of the plans until the assigned evening and
      then only part of what you will be expected to endure.   
   
Is this understood and acceptable to you?   
   
Strict Master   
Susan didn't care what he might be planning. There were only 2 more months
  before their step daughter planned return from her trip to Europe and surely
  this would end most if not all their play. Susan wrote back pleading and accepting
  anything her master wanted her to do but asked that Bob not be told of this
  one ordeal.  
The initial instructions were startling but she soon got past it all. She
  was to collect several items. The handcuffs and one key. The whip which was
  used in the yard. Some strong fish line and 2 dozen craft popsicle sticks.
  A tube of super glue and two outfits from a used clothing store. The first
  outfit was to be a summer dress short enough that her ass peeked out from behind.
  The second outfit was to be simply, heels, the briefest thong underwear she
  could find and a white boys muscle t-shirt.  
Sue began getting wet just imagining what her master had planned for all
  this.  
When she finally wrote him back and said she had everything as required she
  was told to leave Thursday evening free and to make some excuse to her husband
  so that she could be gone till Friday afternoon.  
This was much different than what she had done before. Sue would not only
  be on her own but she knew if Bob discovered what she was doing he'd be furious
  with her. Bob no longer trusted this internet master after devising the trap
  which rendered his wife helpless for hours in the woods. Bob felt she was very
  luck simply escaping with several whippings and a few fuckings. There was no
  telling what kind of people she could have run into while utterly vulnerable
  to anything they wished to do with her naked and defenseless body. Yet he knew
  Sue's insatiable need for thrills and danger.  
On Tuesday morning, Sue received her final instructions as well as a letter
  to sign without reading and a hint at some of what she will endure.  
Sluttie Sue,   
   
You will print out the following letter without reading a word.
      After it prints, sign it at the bottom and immediately fold it and place
      it in an envelope. As soon as you have read these instructions you are
      to call Larry Parker.    
{What Trent Williams never told his eager unsuspecting slut in training was
  he already contacted Larry to inform him Susan Banks would be in contact with
  him to assist on another of her kinky sessions. He e-mailed the horny guy and
  basically asked if Larry was interested, yah right, he was to call Trent for
  verbal instructions. At first he thought this might be a prank but then again
  that is what he thought the first time and damn was he wrong. Larry called
  the number provided. Trent first told him he was Susan's online master and
  it was he who provided the golden opportunities he had enjoyed so far and this
  would be better yet if he followed his instructions. Larry quickly agreed.}  
Sue was instructed to ask to meet Larry. She was further instructed
      to wear whatever Larry requested and meet him wherever he wanted the day
      before her ordeal. What surprised her was she was also to wear a pair of
      panties. The reason was she was to carry the sealed envelope with Larry's
      instructions tucked in her panties next to her horny slut cunt. Larry would
      know where to get it.   
   
Any objections, any hesitations and this relationship is over slut.   
   
Strict Master   
   
Sue absolutely hated the idea of lying to Bob about this but she knew he
  would be set against it considering how intense the last ordeal went. She also
  knew if her husband ever caught wind of the fact Larry Parker was involved,
  he'd go ballistic. She decided one big lie would be better than trying to string
  a bunch of deceptive excuses. She told Bob she won a three day stay at a new
  beauty spa but unfortunately it was Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. She joked
  that they probably figured no one would take them up on it with such short
  notice. She pretended to look so dejected. &quot;It's something I always wanted
  to try."  
"Listen, if you really want to go, I have a ton of stuff to catch up on at
  work and well with you gone, I won't feel guilty working late."  
It was Sue who really felt guilty. Her husband wanted nothing but the best
  for her and all she was doing was lying so she could meet with some guy Bob
  detested and then follow everything he wanted her to do. "I love you thanks."  
Sue ran upstairs to the bedroom and packed a small bag. She used her cell
  phone to call a motel just outside of their town. She felt no matter how late
  she might have to be with Larry on Wednesday and her required time for the
  ordeal on Thursday, it was better to operate from a motel.  
Bob kissed his wife goodbye as she climbed into her car. She promised to
  call him as soon as she got to the spa resort. "You're the best." She said
  as she put the car into gear. Susan's cunt also lunged into overdrive. How
  sick was this? She thought to herself.  
Sue waited an hour before calling home to tell Bob she was checked in and
  the place looks fantastic. Fantastic for a Motel 6, she thought. Bob told her
  to enjoy herself and if she needed him for some reason and can't get him at
  home, try the office.  
Sue went to bed early but found her fingers in her wet horny pussy most of
  the night as she fantasized about what was planned for her. Still she was ridden
  with guilt too. She knew she shouldn't be doing this without Bob's approval
  or knowledge but all she could think about was all the fantastic pleasure she
  had gotten since resuming their ordeals. Plus with her step daughter only away
  for a short period of time, thing would soon enough go back to their boring
  ways.  
The next morning at 9:30 A.M. she called Larry. His whole demeanor seemed
  radically different as she set up the meeting. He began to make demands or
  would not meet with her. He was pretty sure from his phone call from this internet
  master of hers that she would cooperate and as he began making demands and
  she reluctantly accepted them. He knew he had her. His first demand was she
  wear a semi-transparent white dress. Of course since Sue just packed a small
  bag she was very limited in her clothing and tried to negotiate. Larry decided
  to test his power over this woman. He said since she wanted to negotiate she'd
  have one choice now. Instead of a dress she was to wear a thin nylon white
  slip as her dress and it better be short. Very short. Sue began to speak when
  Larry interrupted her. "I gave you your orders. Decide if you will obey otherwise
  don't bother me." He said and hung up.  
It was the longest wait in Larry Parkers' slim ball life as he waited for
  her to call back. He was fairly confident she would but what a risk of loosing
  the chance of a life time if she didn't. When she didn't call back immediately
  he began to worry more. He wanted to really push the opportunity he was getting
  but how far he wondered.  
When his phone rang. He fought the urge of picking it up too soon. He had
  a grin from ear to ear. "Hello."  
Sue said she was sorry and would go out and buy a slip.  
"A sheer slip. Sheer enough to make out your panty." He demanded. Sue agreed.
  And because you have been such a bitch about this, I don't want it to hang
  any lower than the bottom of your ass cheeks. Do you understand me? I want
  to be able to see the curve of your ass in it while you are standing. Reluctantly
  she agreed again. "Two more things. Bring along a wide leather belt. Somewhere
  between 3 or 4 inches wide and wear a pair of red bikini panties.  
Sue tried to explain she would have to go out and buy all these things.  
 "Listen you fuck bitch, I don't care what you have to do to get them but
  I expect you to be at the Crown Building's outside caf&eacute; by 11:15, dressed
  in the slip, heels and panties and holding a nice belt that can be used on
  your ass. Anything less and I'll have to report back to this Strict Master
  guy you are a fuck up.  
"That's Bob's office building." She blurted out but the phone went dead.  
What had she gotten herself into? What if Bob saw her? She told herself it
  was too much. Too much of a risk. She told herself this as she got into the
  car to buy the required items from a local mall. And by 11:10 she panicky waited
  in the lobby of the Crown Building just outside the caf&eacute; entrance. The
  looks she was getting were extremely humiliating. The red panties were shamelessly
  clear under the flimsy nylon material. She got nothing but disgusting looks
  from women passing by and shocked but vulgar looks most of the men. This all
  made her nipples swelled and became apparent.  
Susan knew she looked like some cheap hooker standing out there with her
  red panty covered ass peeking out below the short hem. Under the panty nestled
  next to her wet pussy was the seal envelope which she was suppose to deliver.
  All she could think of was please don't let Bob or any of his co-workers see
  her and please hurry up Larry. Maybe, just maybe she could talk him into going
  some place else if she offered him a blowjob or whatever.  
Larry showed up at 11:20. The self-assured smirk on his face spoke volumes
  to Sue. Nice outfit slut." He said none too quietly. The beautiful woman actually
  complied to his dress demands beyond his expectations. If she dared to bend
  he knew she'd be flashing herself. But he had plans so she wouldn't have to
  worry about flashing her red hot panties "I'll bet your husband would love
  to see you here in that."  
"Please Larry. Please don't. Can't we please go somewhere else. I promise
  to make it nice for you." Sue leaned closer to him. "I'll suck your dick if
  we can just go somewhere else." She whispered.  
Larry chuckled. "You'll suck my dick and a lot more. And if you don't behave
  and obey my every wish, I'll give old Bobby a call to watch too." Again Sue
  begged him not call Bob. "If you do everything," he stressed the word everything, "I
  tell you to do without hesitation," he again stressed the word hesitation, "we'll
  leave your hubby out of our fun. But if you give me any crap." Larry held up
  his cell phone. "Speed dial #4." He informed her.  
Bob took Sue's arm and lead her to the hostess station. "Two for lunch." He
  told the girl who had already noticed the skimpy clad woman. Occasionally a
  secretary or someone stopping to see a client in the building might have a
  short skirt or even low cut blouse but the hostess had never see anyone so
  scantily dressed as Sue was. She hesitated for a second until Larry handed
  her a $20 bill. "We'd like a table near the fountain." He requested. In a few
  moments Sue learn all the fountain tables were in the very center of the patio
  seating area. Although at this earlier hour there were few customers yet in
  the place, every eye caught the out of place dressed woman and her date. Larry
  was going to enjoy humiliating this woman.  
Sue cautiously sat herself. The shortness of the slip did not allow enough
  give to cover her ass once seated and the hem rose precariously close to flashing
  her already wet spotted red panty in front.  
The young busboy almost ran out to their table with the pitcher of water.
  He almost over filled the water glasses as he paid more attention to her unmistakably
  braless tits in the nylon slip than what he was doing.  
"Your waiter will be here soon." he said as he walked away looking back at
  the captivating woman.  
Larry grinned at his victim across from him. He began thinking what he could
  do to humiliate her further but first he had to complete his own task. "Do
  you have something for me?  
Sue said yes and asked if she could go to the washroom to take it out. "No!" Larry
  abruptly answered. "Please, I've done as you asked and wore this and met you
  here. Please don't make this anymore embarrassing than it already is." Larry
  assured her he wasn't the least bit embarrassed and he wanted Strict Master's
  instruction message now.  
Sue looked around knowing how open they were but also knew this bastard wasn't
  going to give her an inch of mercy. She feared he would get even nastier if
  she hesitated but just as she uncrossed her legs and was about to reach up
  under what little dress was left covering her, the waiter approached their
  table. Sue let go of the hem and lean forward.  
"Hi, my name is Tom and I'll be your waiter."  
"One second Tom. My client's beautiful wife here was about to give me something." Larry
  said as he held a hand up to pause the waiter. Sue froze in horror as she realized
  he expected her to take the envelope out of her panty in front of the waiter.
  She looked at Larry with pleading eyes. Larry's only response was to take his
  cell phone from his pocket. Sue swallowed hard and reached below the clear
  plexiglas patio table. The waiter stared in disbelief as she pulled up the
  hem, reached under and pulled out a folded envelope from the red panty he spotted.
  The young waiter's mouth hung open. The guys in the back aren't going to believe
  what just happen at his table. Actually one waiter and the busboy who served
  the water were watching from the side. Flush in the face, Sue handed Larry
  the envelope. He thanked her and asked what she wanted to drink. Sue replied
  nothing but Larry ordered her a glass of wine and himself a beer. Larry placed
  the instructions in his pocket and proceeded with his next inspiration.  
"Here use my phone." He said handing her the cell. "I want you to call Bob
  and ask him how his day is going and tell him you just happen to think of me
  and suggest he invite me over for dinner or drinks soon."  
Sue knew she had to do it. She began to wonder if she should just call off
  this ordeal in spite of how excitedly wet she was at the moment. She pressed
  speed dial 4. Bob answered on the second ring. Larry indicated he wanted her
  to hold the ear piece away a little so he could catch a little of her husband's
  side of the conversation. "Hi honey. It's me. Thought I'd see how you are doing."  
"Ok. Just loaded with work. How is the spa?" he replied.  
"It's&hellip;. it's lovely here. I.. ah, I was just thinking. I mean I know
  it's out of the blue but you know that salesman, Larry something. The software
  guy. I was thinking maybe we should ask him over sometime." It was like pulling
  teeth for Sue to ask Bob this considering neither one of them really like this
  man."  
"What in hell made you think of that son of a bitch?" Bob said it loud enough
  that Larry could clearly hear him.  
There was silence for a few seconds before Sue replied. "I,.. I don't know.
  I was just thinking. Listen I got to go. I'm being called for a mud bath. I
  love you hon." She quickly hung up before Bob might reply with something else.  
Larry took back the phone. "I guess that son of a bitch will just have to
  take it out on your wife's ass, old Bob." Larry snarled. He looked at Sue who
  didn't know how to change the subject. "What is with this spa thing?" he asked
  her just as the waiter approached with the drinks.  
Sue waited until the drinks were delivered and Larry told Tom they wanted
  time before they ordered. The patio was beginning to fill up the closer it
  was getting to the standard lunch time, so Sue lean a little forward so as
  not to be overheard. "I told Bob I was spending a couple of days at a spa so
  I wouldn't have to explain being out late tomorrow."  
Larry face lit up when he realized two things. First, she wasn't going home
  today and secondly, she lied to her husband about all this. "So unlike playing
  spread eagle angel in your yard, old Bobby doesn't know you are doing this
  does he?"  
Sue knew she backed herself in a corner and franticly tried to think how
  to do some damage control. "He knows about Strict Master and all but, I ah
  just figured ah he's really busy lately and I didn't want to bother him this
  time."  
"He doesn't know you will be playing tomorrow night or right now does he?"  
Sue nodded no. Larry couldn't believe his luck was on a roll. "Where are
  you staying?"  
"The Motel 6 just out of town on 97." She replied.  
Larry thought for a moment. "Give me your room key." He demanded.  
"Why. I mean, the ordeal isn't until tomorrow and I&hellip;"  
Larry stopped her in mid-sentence. "The rules have changed a little or do
  you want me to call Bob back and have him join his cheating slut wife for lunch?" Sue
  immediately went into her purse which was Larry sign he could demand just about
  anything. He grabbed it and pocketed it. It was time to push her further now
  that he knew it would take a lot before she might bulk. Larry deliberately
  knocked her water glass slightly but since the busboy filled it so much it
  splashed out a significant amount of water. "Look at that." Sue was about to
  wipe it with her napkin but Larry stopped her. "Either wipe it up with your
  tits and that slip or use your panty."  
Again Sue hesitated. He couldn't expect her to take off her panty right there
  in the center of this patio caf&eacute; with it nearing capacity. But leaning
  over and using her tits to slosh it up was unthinkable. He pulled out his phone. "I'm
  dialing and if that water isn't wiped up before I get hubby, I have some information
  to tell him." Sue cautiously but quickly worked the panty off her ass and down
  her legs. More than a few people noticed her taking them off right there. Larry
  never even pushed the speed call button but she hastily wiped up all the spill
  with the delicate red panty. Both, Tom the waiter, and the busboy were a couple
  of the people who witnessed her actions. They both approached with the pretext
  of aiding in the clean up. Sue's blush was so deep that her whole chest was
  pink with shame. "Sorry but she spilled some of her water but we didn't want
  to mess up your nice napkins so she used those." He said pointing to the soaked
  ball of red material. Could you please remove them?"  
As Tom held up and handed the busboy the dripping panty, Sue wanted to crawl
  away. None of the three men at the table could contain their smiles as her
  only under clothing was removed. "I think we are ready to order." Larry announced. "But
  could you give me an opinion first?" Tom stood speechless wondering what this
  slut would do next. "We are wondering if Sue's outfit looks better as is or
  with a belt. Stand up and put your belt on and let's see what Tom thinks."  
Sue was beginning to enter into her world of submission. Her rational mind
  blocked out as much as she could while her need to obey took over. When she
  stood most every table within sight of their table was on her. She took the
  3" wide belt. The second she placed it around her slim waist she knew what
  the consequences would be. As it tighten it also pull the slip inward and up.
  There wasn't much leeway and soon some of her bush peeked out below the hem.
  Tom licked his lips and Larry grin as he watched it rise. "Tighter." He commanded.
  By the time she reached the last belt hole, half her pussy and ass was exposed.  
"Belt definitely." Tom choked out.  
"I thought so too, Tom." Larry replied. "Leave it on." He commanded.  
When Sue sat back down none of her pussy was covered. Tom could see the glistening
  droplets of the slut's arousal through the clear table top. "Don't you dare
  cross your legs, slut."  
As great of a show as this all was for the staff and most of the male customers
  of the caf&eacute;, management knew that they had to stop it before a complaint
  was logged.  
"Excuse, but I'm afraid I must ask you and this lady to leave." The caf&eacute;'s
  manager said.  
Larry had hoped he could have kept this going a lot longer but realized when
  to take his chips and run. He went for one last shot. "Now look what you did,
  Mrs. Banks. Your lewdness has upset these fine people." He said loud and clear.
  He stuffed a $5 bill in her top next to her tits and told her to tell the waiter
  you are sorry for making a scene and let him take the tip without your help.  
Sue could not imagine she could feel any more humiliated until she had to
  walk between tables with her cunt and ass exposed until she reached the alcove
  where the waiters and staff prepared their orders. She walked up to Tom and
  said she was sorry and told him to reach in and take his tip. Of course Tom
  did this and more before patting her on her bare ass.  
The greasy burger shop a few blocks from Sue's motel had no problems watching
  the slut made to dip each of her fries in her cunt before eating them. Nor
  did they care what their clientele might say when Tom had her pull her breasts
  out of the slip's top.  
They finally went back to Sue's room where Larry fucked her several times
  before tiring out. He then used the belt on her ass using the excuse he hesitated
  several times when he gave her commands.  
Listen up slut. You will leave those curtains open all night and sleep naked
  without covers. I will check several times throughout the night to make sure
  you are complying. If I catch you have either closed the curtains or covered
  up, you'll be sleeping tied spread eagled on one of the chase lounges out by
  the pool.  
Larry left having no intention on losing any sleep to check on the slut.
  He knew she wouldn't dare disobey. Tomorrow night will be great he thought
  as he read the instructions this Strict Master guy sent him.  
 * * TO BE CONTINUED **  
Chapter 9  
The Morning of Her Ordeal  
When Susan wrote her Strict Master and told him how her husband's reacted
  to the dangers and risks she encountered during the forest preserve episode,
  he knew it was time for him to act. Trent would like to have lured the horny
  housewife even deeper into her natural submissiveness but he also didn't want
  to loose out on an opportunity. His month long research into the Banks' life,
  as well as the Summerville area set up and Bob's work and connections was mostly
  complete. Much easier to get details, Trent thought to himself when both parties
  willingly gave him most of what he needed.  
Trent had already least and paid 3 month's rent in advance for an ideal location
  he planned on headquartering out of. He knew he would be getting his costs
  back 1o fold once his plan went into operation but there were always the risks.
  The main risk would be resolved tonight when he would meet Susan for the first
  time. He was 95% certain the things she had told him and her reports were truthful
  as were the pictures he's received to be up to date but one never knows postively
  about everything. It was always an exciting time meeting a new acquisition.
  Although tonight's meeting would only be one sided.  
Then there was the little matter of exactly how to proceed after tonight.
  Situations often dictated this direction but nothing was for sure. Of course
  at this stage in this slut's time and development effort, Trent knew the tried
  and true brute force method was always out there but that was always very messy.
  He'd much rather let her and her husband assist in his success.  
 * * *  
Larry arrived early at the Motel 6. It wasn't part of Strict Master's instructions
  but he felt why the fuck should he miss out on a good thing. It was true this
  internet master guy had given him these golden opportunities with this gorgeous
  hunk of sexy flesh but after yesterday's encounter and her fear of letting
  her husband know of it, he was relatively certain he could demand most anything
  from this cunt and get it.  
It was 6:30am. Larry quietly approached room 102 and smiled when he saw the
  curtains were wide open as he had ordered his obedient slut. He first peeked
  through the window and true to his commands, there she laid, naked, still sleeping
  without covers over her fetal positioned body. Larry wondered how many people
  passed by her window last night and maybe this morning and got a surprising
  look at his submissive slut slave.  
The weasel had made his own hasty plan at how to ensure he could keep this
  wet cunt kneeling on the end of his cock for a long time. He knew he needed
  the leverage of her fear of her husband's knowledge of their encounter so he
  decided to make sure this chance was significant enough that he could own her.  
Larry pounded on the door before going back to the window to see his naked
  slut awaken. Damn she was gorgeous. That tight firm ass, small waist and those
  magnificent nature tits with no sag what so ever. And she was his to do with
  as he pleased without the hassles of alimony when he tired of her. Not for
  a long time, he thought. Not as long as she keeps that body in that shape.  
Susan carefully open the door just enough to look out at who was there while
  trying to hide her nudity. Larry pushed it wide open. "Kneel." He demanded.  
"Oh shit. Not this scumbag. Not this early." She thought.  
"You don't want me to use speed dial 4 do you? Hubby probably wouldn't be
  in a good mood getting a call from me this early and sure as hell wouldn't
  like to learn what I could tell him." Susan dropped to her knees as ordered. "I
  need a morning blowjob. Get started."  
Although she couldn't see anybody about the motel court yard, she was still
  naked and he wanted the blowjob right there in the doorway? "I'll do it Larry
  but please let me close the window and do it out of sight, please."  
What power. What magnificent power he had over her. He enjoyed the fact she
  was actually pleading to give him a blowjob but inside. No, he thought. I'm
  in charge here. I say what goes down. "No. And for you hesitation of my command,
  you will come out here and do it in this hallway."  
There was a short moment when Larry thought he might have gone far too soon
  today. He pulled out his cell phone to insure compliance. Susan began to get
  up. "No, crawl out here."  
What should have been the point of being pushed beyond even her own perverse
  limits only made Susan's pussy dampen and her nipples swell as she crawled
  out into the relative openness of the ground floor court yard entrance way.
  She quickly worked this bastard's cock getting him to the point of cumming
  very quickly. "I'm going to cum." He said in short breaths and I want you to
  hold every drop of my cum in your mouth. Do not swallow&hellip;.. ohh shit
  yes!" he said as his body shook and he pulled Sue's head hard against himself.
  It was hard like this not to swallow as spurt after spurt of cum shot into
  her mouth but she managed to retain most of it. He would never know she swallowed
  a little.  
Larry smiled down at his slave kneeling at his feet. "Open and show me." She
  open her mouth which was filled with white clammy cum. Damn how he loved to
  feel the power over this woman and he felt this power the most by humiliating
  her beyond anything he ever considered for any woman. Not that a bastard like
  him had many women. "You don't swallow a drop on my gift till I say. Do you
  understand?" Susan nodded.  
"Do you have to take a piss?" he asked knowing she just woke up.  
Actually Susan had to pee desperately and would have asked him till he punished
  her for simply suggesting she give him the blowjob inside the room. "I don't
  suppose you want to piss while standing on the diving board over by the pool." He
  pointed in the direction. Susan's eyes widened. She no longer doubted this
  creep wasn't capable of demanding anything of her. Trying as best to plead
  with her eyes, she shook her head no. "Ok, old Bobby's slut wife did give a
  pretty good blowjob so you earn a choice." Larry looked into the room and found
  what he needed while his naked slut remained kneeling just outside the door.
  He handed her one of the plastic drinking cups and the ice bucket. "You got
  a choice. Either pee off the diving board or go down to the ice machine. Pee
  in this cup and bring it back with a bucket of ice."  
Susan frantically looked at where the sign for the ice machine was. She was
  in room 102. Each ice machine was under the middle stairways about 9 rooms
  down but the worse part was making it there would mean she probably would be
  visible from the motel office where she was sure someone was awake and on staff
  at this hour.  
"How quickly stupid sluts forget." He snarled at her pleading moans. "Have
  you already forgotten what happens when slut slaves hesitate? Now you will
  get the ice from the top floor's machine.  
Susan didn't dare hesitate again as she took the cup and bucket and ran to
  the stairway and up the three flights of stairs only hoping she wasn't seen
  dashing naked like she was.  
It wasn't the first time Roger, the desk clerk spotted one of his guests
  naked but it had always been at night when the guys or girls were drunk and
  got wild. He just caught the naked woman turning the corner and up the metal
  stairs. At each floor her naked body reappeared. Roger got out from behind
  the counter and watched. It wasn't long before he spotted her once more slowly
  and cautiously coming down. She appeared to be carrying a cup and one of their
  ice buckets. When she emerged from the first floor stairwell he backed up a
  little so she wouldn't see him looking. Fuck, she was sumptuous unlike the
  two fat chick a month ago wading in the pool at midnight.  
When Susan reached the door, it was almost no surprise that it was locked.
  She placed the bucket down and lightly knocked. She waited a few seconds and
  knocked again. Not a sound except for noises from one of the rooms above. Susan
  checked around and knocked for the third time. "Lock yourself out?" The voice
  from across the court shocked her so much that she nearly dropped the pee cup
  she was holding. She turned and instinctively tried to cover as the desk clerk
  walked toward her. There was nothing she could do. She couldn't even speak
  with Larry's cum held in her mouth.  
What a knockout. Roger thought when he was up to her. He took his time fumbling
  with the keys. "A lot of people lock themselves out because the doors automatically
  close behind you but usually they come to the desk and request another key." He
  snickers, but then again they usually aren't dressed like you are."  
Susan' blushing face told it all as he finally unlocked the door after getting
  a total look at her body. Susan stepped in and would have closed the door behind
  her except Larry was there. "Did you lock yourself out again?" he asked. "Larry
  held her so desk clerk got an even better look at her. "She was in such a hurry
  to get something to help wash down her morning mouth that she just ran out
  without thinking."  
This was it, Larry thought. One of those moments of truth. How far could
  he push her? "Show the nice man why you needed ice to swallow?" Susan shook
  her head. "Do it slut!" Larry shouted.  
Susan opened exhibiting her mouth full of cum. It was obvious what it was
  and also seem to confirm the urine smell coming from the cup she was holding.
  Since this guy called her a slut, Roger immediately assumed this was another
  kinky couple here for their play. Hey as long as he didn't get any complaints
  he enjoyed seeing a cunt like this one being mastered. "You may swallow my
  morning gift to you, slut." She heard Larry say. "Then thank the man for letting
  you into the room."  
It was the most humiliating thing she had ever done. It was almost hard to
  swallow she felt so embarrassed. "Thank you." She managed to whisper.  
Roger looked over to Larry. He was such a dorky looking guy. He wondered
  how the hell he had a woman like this doing these things. "She a whore?"  
Larry smiled. "No she doesn't rate that high. She's the wife of one of my
  clients. Just a slut slave. Check out her cunt. I'll bet you ten bucks she's
  wetter than hell right now even though she's beet red with embarrassment."  
Roger needed not further encouragement. He reached down between Susan's thighs
  and came up with two glistening wet fingers. "You're right about that mister.
  She dripping wet."  
Roger was about to leave but this horny woman and the probabilities were
  just too good to not take advantage of. "You know, this room was registered
  only under one name." His words hit Susan with a ton of bricks. Not for what
  was implying but the fact she used her real name and address and credit card. "There
  usually is a penalty for having more people than registered in the room." He
  lied.  
Larry caught the hint. "Gee, rules are rules but maybe as soon as this slut
  cleans up and gets dressed we can stop by the office and she can make amends
  for her violation. Perhaps you could think of a way to impose the penalty without
  involving any cash so you don't get in trouble trying to explain it on the
  books."  
Roger smiled broadly. This guy picked up on his sly remark perfectly. "Great
  see you both in a little while then."  
The second Susan was allowed in the shower, she let the water flush the taste
  of Larry's cum from her mouth. How she hated how this guys was getting undaunted
  with exposing her and her submission. She was finding it ever more difficult
  to continue but he somewhat seemed to have that locked up with holding Bob
  over her head. Maybe, Bob would understand if she came clean about this whole
  time. Maybe he'd punch out this fucken asshole. But why, why was her body,
  her pussy responding like this to such abuse. This wasn't the danger and risk
  kind of abuse that she experienced in the woods. This was pure degradation
  but as she fingered herself to a second climax under the water of the shower,
  she figured she'd perhaps play along a little longer. After all she thought
  he had the sanction of Strict Master but if he goes too far, she promised herself
  she would stop him cold.  
When she exited the shower she noticed most of her things were missing except
  for her purse and make up bag. Larry was not in the room either. Sue checked
  the drawers. All her clothes except for the short white slip, the belt and
  her heels were gone. Resolved to the fact she would have to dress in the revealing
  outfit once more, Sue began applying her make up and tried to make herself
  as presentable as possible.  
She heard the key in the door. Larry looked at his prize as she prepared
  herself for him. "You got five minutes to finish up and get your ass in the
  office. They got free coffee and donuts and you have an appointment with Roger
  to settle up your account.  
Sue was sure that meant another blowjob or maybe even a fucking. She really
  could use a good fucking right now she thought. What a real slut I've become
  hoping either a slime ball like Larry or this desk clerk would fuck me. She
  thought. Sue glanced at her wedding ring. She kissed it and whispered. "I do
  love you Bob."  
The slip with the belt on the loosest hole already allowed the hem show nearly
  the bottom third of her ass and only barely covered her pussy. Larry of course
  recognized immediately that it could be shorter. Tighten that belt, all the
  way, slut." Without hesitation, she obeyed. Her pussy was exposed as was most
  of her ass. Larry was about to say something else when an elderly man came
  in to check out. His surprised look at the shameless woman was priceless. All
  Susan could do was blush and endure the embarrassment.  
When he left, the clerk looked up. "A second person in the room is usually
  an additional $10 charge. I figured a lash on that fine rump of yours is worth
  maybe .50 apiece. What do you think Larry?"  
"Twenty. Sounds fair to me. Don't you agree slut?"  
It sounded like a lot to her but she knew better than to argue.  
"Let's see, 103 Mrs. Susan Banks registered yesterday, checking out Friday
  morning. So that is a surcharge of $20 or forty lashes." Larry couldn't hold
  back his laugher when Susan began shaking.  
"No please that is too much at one time." She pleaded.  
"The woman might be right. She's got a hell of a night ahead of herself." Larry
  snickered.  
"Ok then. Where else can this slut be whipped besides her ass?" Roger asked. "How
  about her cunt or tits?"  
"No, no not there. Please no." She clearly remembered the pain from the whipping
  she took in the preserves.  
"Answer the man. You want them on your cunt or tits?"  
Why, why was she beginning to leak fluids? She wanted so much to drop to
  the floor and finger herself. "My breasts." She answered.  
"I'm thinking, tits lashes should be worth at least a dollar a pop." Larry
  interjected.  
"Deal."  
Take the belt off so Roger can use it.  
With now shaking hands, Susan grudgingly obeyed.  
"Where do you want her?" Larry asked. "You can take your time and space them
  out because I have a couple of errands to finish up in the room which should
  take me about an hour. Send her back on her hands and knees holding the dress
  in her mouth." Larry chuckled at his inventiveness. Roger directed the pair
  to a room in the back just off the front desk. When Larry spotted the support
  pole his eyes lit up. "You got any rope around here?"  
Roger brought out a pile of white clothes line cord as well as thin rough
  hemp packaging twine. Larry ordered Sue to bend forward and in a few minutes
  he had looped several tight rounds of the thin hemp around the base of her
  breasts. As hit tightened them and tied them off, he explained to Roger the
  thin cord cuts deeper into tender flesh like tits and it won't be long before
  her tits swell out into solid even more tender targets for the belt.  
Susan was regretting offering her tits as the punishment targets.  
Next Larry pushed her back up against the poll and tied her wrists behind
  it. With her wrists held behind the pole, Susan felt the extra tension on her
  bloated noosed tits. Suddenly she felt Larry working more rope at her elbows
  and although with the pole in her back he couldn't rope her elbows close enough
  to touch. He did pull then so Susan's body was screaming from the tight restraint.  
The results were she was presented as nothing but tits to the clerk with
  the belt.  
Larry looked back at the helpless woman and smiled. He was her owner right
  now. Those tits, cunt and as were his to do with as he wished.  
Larry suggested gagging her because she will begin to scream now that her
  tits are so taunt and tender. "Don't use the buckle but lay into those beauties.
  And if you think you didn't get a good lick at one, take it over. I'm sure
  the slut will understand and not want to cheat you out of any of your payments.
  Don't be too much over and hour. I want to fuck her ass before taking off." Larry
  turned then spotted the item he had brought with him to the office. "Oh yah,
  one more thing." He said handing Roger the plastic cup with the mixture of
  ice and piss. Give her this to down after each set of 5 lashes. If she hesitates
  even for a moment to gulp it, tell her that set doesn't count. Make sure she
  knows it's her own piss."  
Larry laughed as he left the motel office and headed back to Susan's room.  
*** TO BE CONTINUED ****  
Chapter 10 Pluck-Plink  
Larry had used and abused the 30 year old woman until around 5 when they
  both had to get ready for the evening's ordeal. She finally opened the envelope
  containing her instructions as to what to do with the items she was told to
  bring.  
The instructions told her to cut 2 dozen various lengths of fish line. None
  under 6 inches in length, none over two feet in length. Next she was to take
  each cut length and entwine four cunt hairs around each piece and glue the
  hairs to the lines. Sue was very hesitant about why she should do this but
  followed her internet master's commands. It took nearly an hour to carefully
  connect strands of cunt hairs to each of the 24 strands. Some globs of the
  super glue caught more than the required 4 hairs but at least she was done.  
She stood up and felt ridicules with the strands hanging down from her pussy.
  She was allowed now to read the next instructions. It told her she was to show
  up at Chaves Lopez High School wearing the summer dress. Once there she was
  to take the second outfit consisting of only the thong, heels and brief boy's
  t-shirt and place it behind the boy's gym, then find the high school ball field
  and wait for Larry.  
For Larry's part, things were a lot more complicated. He had no idea what
  all the stuff was for but he wasn't about to piss off Sue's online master by
  fucking anything up.  
At about 7 pm Sue got in her car and drove to the high school. She located
  the ball field as well as the boy's gym. Carefully she concealed the several
  items of clothing near the back of the building before returning to the field.
  There were several young teens hitting the ball around. They spotted the shapely
  woman in the way too short loose dress. The cures of her ass cheeks peeking
  out while the light breeze threaten to expose much more of her than she wanted
  before these young men. Sue was also conscious of the fish lines glues to her
  cunt hairs. She had been able to gather them and keep them out of sight by
  stuffing the loose ends into her own cunt. She didn't know what else to do
  with them and surely didn't want to exposed them with the very short dress
  she was wearing.  
Susan was very uncomfortable waiting around but knew she had to stay where
  told. Trouble was these 6 kids. She really didn't like the idea of exposing
  her submission to anyone this young but the outfit she wore would attract any
  red blooded male let alone teenage boys.  
The evening breeze was becoming a problem for the short hem. Sue decided
  it might be easier to sit down to keep the skirt's hem from floating up. She
  went to the bleachers but soon discovered sitting in such a short dress meant
  her bare ass would be on the narrow metal seats. She flinched as her ass touched
  the cool metal. She had to laugh to herself thinking there could be a lot worse
  things done with her ass tonight than feeling a little cold on it.  
Sue did her best to keep her legs tightly closed as she watched the young
  guys gather together and looking toward her. She didn't like this one bit but
  could not leave or it might be interrupted that she had chickened out. The
  guys were now unmistakably coming towards her.  
For no logical reason other than perhaps to move further away from the teens,
  Sue moved up two rows on the 6 row bleaches but rather than avoiding the young
  men, she didn't realize in the scant dress she became more visible to them.
  A couple of them laughed as they realized this hot woman had to be wearing
  an awful skimpy thong and the setting sun behind her clearly displayed she
  wasn't wearing anything under that top.  
"Hey what's happening?" one of them said as they stood at the foot of the
  bleachers.  
Sue clasped her hands together on her tightly closed legs. "Nothing much
  fellas. I'm just out for a little fresh air."  
"Never seen you here before. My friends call me Laps because I'm on the track
  team." He said. "That's Tony, Joe, JJ, Paul and Perky over there. He said pointing
  to one of the guys who made his way to the side of the bleachers. "Do you like
  baseball?"  
Sue realized by climbing up the two rows she was trapped. If she stood up
  to leave at that height, her cunt and ass would be completely displayed to
  the guy's eye level. She played along. "Yah, I kind of like it. I like to watch
  armatures like you guys. You, ah.. You guys done playing for ah&hellip; for
  now?"  
What Sue didn't know was the guy they called Perky went under the bleaches
  and he was trying to signal the remainder of his buddies that this chick didn't
  have anything on under her dress. JJ noticed him gesturing for him to come
  under with him. He soon slipped away from the other four while Laps and Sue
  engaged in pointless banter.  
Meanwhile Sue was so focused on keeping herself covered and hoping they would
  tire of this mindless conversation, she was oblivious to the prankster Perky
  who now positioned his head so that he was looking right up Sue's thighs from
  underneath and began flicking his tongue in a mock licking gesture.  
By now they all saw the two under the bleaches and were all silently informed
  she was pantiless. The four in front of her spread out slightly making it harder
  for Sue to keep the sides of her bare ass concealed as well as her front. Her
  hands played with the brief dress.  
It was JJ who pointed to the jagged ends of the metal screws protruding from
  under the seats. Both boy carefully grabbed one side each of the dress' hem
  and hooked it over the screw several times without notice to Sue. They gave
  the thumbs up when Perky once again stuck his head up under her legs then said
  in a loud voice, "Everything looks ok from down here.  
Sue was so startled she jumped up immediately. The guys didn't know it at
  the time but the portion of the dress they each hooked on the screw heads were
  the thin summer dress' seams. Sue's quick jump and reaction tore the dress
  half way up on the left side and broke both spaghetti shoulder straps. Sue
  literally jumped up and out of the dress as it ripped.  
After the initial shock one hand went to her chest to cover herself while
  she pulled on the still snagged dress. The guys were in hysterical laugher
  as this sexy naked woman ended up tearing more and more of the remains as she
  frantically pulled on it.  
"Look at her cunt man." Someone shouted seeing the 2 dozen fish lines glued
  to her cunt hairs and stuffed up into her. Sue immediately covered herself
  there leaving her bare tits exposed. "Please go." She shouted at them. But
  something told the guys this wasn't a natural reaction to ask them to please
  go after what happened.  
"Why did you do that to your pussy, lady?" Laps questioned.  
"Nothing, just please leave me alone." She said trying to deal what was left
  of the dress. All she could do was wrap it around her waist and use her hands
  to cover her large tits. Tits larger than most of the guys ever saw up close.  
In spite of their prank there had to be a reason she wasn't screaming at
  them nor run away herself. "We want to know what's with the things attached
  to your cunt hair."  
There wasn't any logical explanation. Hell, Sue didn't know why she was told
  to do it herself. "It's a like an initiation thing." She came up with.  
"For what?"  
"It's just something I joined and &hellip;." Sue couldn't think straight
  she was so flustered.  
It was obvious to all the guys she was lying and yet she remained before
  them like this.  
"How about you taking that off and showing us your cunt and ass again." He
  said knowing he was pushing his luck but what the hell did he and his buddies
  have to lose? It was getting dark now and they had something here they couldn't
  figure out.  
"No. Just leave me alone." She replied "And get out of here." She added.  
Instead of leaving Laps and Tony came up on her sides while the other two
  stood before her.  
"Please guys please go."  
By this point the guys knew they had her. "Not until you do three things
  then we'll leave you alone to your initiation thing."  
With a sigh, she asked what. "First take that off and show us your body." Sue
  felt she had no choice other than to call off master's ordeal. She'd be damned
  after paying so dearly with Larry to loose that experience.  
Sue untied the remains of the dress. It was taken from her so she couldn't
  relent. Tony and Laps had her sit back down then each pulled on her legs to
  spread her wide open. With little resistance they knew they had this woman. "Now
  pull out these lines and let's see what is on the other end. We don't want
  to get into trouble with the cops if you're wired." He joked.  
To everyone's surprise they were just fish line glued to her pussy hair. "What
  is that for?" Laps asked.  
"Honest I don't know. Its part of the initiation." She half lied.  
When several of the guys pulled on a few of the lines, Sue may have figured
  out what they were for as the slightest pull on just one line sent a shocking
  pain to her pussy area.  
By now several hands were pawing at her tits and ass. Sue wanted this over. "What
  is the last thing."  
Laps grinned. "We each get to fuck you right here." He said not knowing if
  the others wanted to do it."  
"No, but I'll give you a blow jobs." She offered.  
Sue was moved down the bleachers and the line formed. Thank goodness they
  were so worked up that all but Joe came within a few moments.  
Someone tossed the torn remains of her dress as they waved and thanked her. "See
  you tomorrow if you want lady."  
As Sue watched the young kids leaving it struck her just how low she had
  sunk. Even teenage boys immediately recognize her as a slut to be played with
  and abused. And how sick was the fact that her cunt just gushed in response
  to what her brain was telling her was so very wrong?  
Susan didn't have much time to lament on this fact because Larry came up
  from behind. "I see old Bob's slut wife can't go for long without sucking or
  fucking just any cocks."  
Susan blushed again. Was this true or just the situation Strict Master puts
  her in? For the first time she noticed all the items Larry had brought along. "You
  know this online master of yours sure makes things complicated. I mean if it
  was up to me I would just cuff you out here and let anyone who comes along
  fuck you but he has to make it interesting for you, I guess."  
Larry had an ice chest and a bag of items, none of which could she yet see. "Do
  you have all the items your master told you to bring?" Sue nodded yes and pointed
  to a small plastic bag she had with her. Larry pulled out several papers which
  obviously had his instructions on them and read. Soon he emptied the contents
  of Sue's bag. He moved the whip to the side. "Well the first thing I'm suppose
  to tell you is to strip but I guess you couldn't wait." He joked. "Next you
  are to cuff your own wrists behind your back. Kind of a symbol that you are
  willingly delivering yourself into this ordeal." Sue picked up the cuffs off
  the bleachers bench. She was more than aware of the fact that once locked on
  her wrists she'd be completely helpless but as far as willingly submitting
  to her Strict Master's will, hell the past 32 hours with Larry already made
  that statement. The more time she had to allow this guy to use her, the more
  repulsive she felt about him and yet she was committed to obey. The sound of
  the cuffs ratcheting closed upon her wrists behind her back was a distinctive
  and decisive sound of submission to her master. She felt several trickles of
  her cunt juices run down between her legs. The sound for Larry was wickedly
  arousing. His cocks strained to get at this tantalizing piece of ass.  
Susan noticed he immediately picked up the only key to her cuffs and pocketed
  it. She let out a sigh knowing at the moment he owned her.  
"I think we will divert just slightly from these instructions and take care
  of this, he said rubbing the budge in his pants."  
It wasn't that Sue was afraid of getting fucked again by this creep but she
  really didn't want him to think he could go outside the lines of what her master
  was instructing him to do. After all who knows where he might take this. Sue
  decided to take a stance. "No. just do what the instructions say." The naked
  and helplessly cuffed captive challenged.  
The surprised Larry thought for a second. Usually if a woman spoke like this
  to him he would meekly resign to whatever was said. But it finally hit him,
  he was in charge for the first time. "Ok, have it your way, do this yourself.
  See ya around Mrs. Banks." He said as he turned and slowly began to walk away
  from her. The finality of the locked cuffs mocked the helpless woman as she
  struggled with the situation she just put herself in. She called him back.  
Larry turned with an evil grin. He cupped the helpless woman's breast. Slowly
  working his fingers down to her distended aroused nipple. Susan gasped as he
  toyed with the hard bud. How she hated just how easily her body responded to
  such abuse. But the loathed the fact that she couldn't disguise her arousal
  to him.  
"Get on your knees and beg me to fuck you up the ass." There was little she
  knew she could do but give him what he wanted. It was extremely humiliating
  to have to kneel before him and beg to be ass fucked but it's what she did.  
As Larry pounded into her ass while she was bent over one of the bleacher
  benches, Sue thought about how depraved she had sunk to do this to get her
  kicks. Here she was out in the relative openness of the ball field, being butt
  fucked by a man she had quickly hatred. His thrust pushed her helpless breasts
  up and back over the rough metal bleacher seats. Her pussy and clit also rubbed
  into the edge she was leaning over. She couldn't avoid this with her hands
  cuffed behind her back but soon the irritation turned into a stimulation she
  didn't want to experience. In no time she was panting and begging to cum.  
But Larry had little care for her needs as he shot his load up in her backside,
  grunted and laid over on his captive's body. "Please, please make me cum." Sue
  pleaded.  
Not my job slut. We got work to do.  
With that Larry began setting up her torment. When he was done Sue was totally
  confused. He had taken a large block of ice from the ice chest he had brought.
  Upon it he placed a flat board. This was a few feet from the baseball back
  stops fencing. He next made the cuffed woman carefully stand up on this board,
  making sure she had her balance upon what was a very unstable surface. Next
  Larry went to work and he stood upon the ice chest and one by one took hold
  of the 2 dozen strings glued to her few cunt hairs. He began tying each string
  to different heights and openings on the fence. Some were tired to the popsicle
  sticks and just fitted trough the chain link fence holes  
The concept struck her immediately. If she lost her balance, she'd rip all
  of the pubic hairs she had glues the sting to. She began pleading for Larry
  to stop this. He of course ignored her.  
By the time he was done he explained that jumping off the block would be
  a quick but extremely painful way to get over this ordeal. Although each string
  was only attached from 4 to 6 pubic hairs the accumulation would be very excruciating.
  However a slut like her should be able to take the tearing out of one string
  at a time.  
Sue now knew why she was told to cut each string a different length. So they
  would pull at different times and create an ever endless torture.  
You get to decided how long you will be out here but with the ice melting
  in this warm night air you will lose some cunt hairs no matter what.  
"Go ahead and jump and get it over with." Larry taunted her. She had suspicions
  if she dared to do this, would there be an alternative torments she would endure?  
Sue already knew she couldn't deal with the pain of a quick yanking of some
  100 or so hairs at one time.  
"Ok then. Just two more things." Larry said taking out the whip Sue had brought
  and the black marker he had. Larry began writing across her lovely ass. "WHIP
  ME. I'M A SLUT." Larry read her what he had written. "I might as well go first." He
  said picking up the whip again.  
Larry gave her 10 good lashes while she was forced to struggled to remain
  as still as possible so as not to slip off the ice block from any violent movement.
  It was pure Strict Master torture. Making her struggle to hold motionless for
  the pain to avoid an even worse agony.  
"Now for the icing on the cake." He mumbled. Larry shoved vibrating eggs
  up into her wet cunt. The wire and controls lead down to the ground. He flicked
  it on. Sue immediately reacted and felt the board wiggled unsteadily beneath
  her. She controlled her movement.  
Larry finally packed up and was obviously ready to leave. "You aren't just
  going to leave me like this are you?" she asked. "Please Larry I'll let you
  fuck me again. Larry!" she screamed after him as he walked away.  
Only a depraved master could come up with such a torment. The vibrating eggs
  quickly aroused her cunt to the limits however she could not even move her
  legs together or lose her balance. This left her at the same peak of arousal
  without any possible relief. Meanwhile her legs were beginning to ach from
  being in the same position. She began to sweat. Damn how she wanted to cum.  
Slowly and exasperatingly over the hours the block of ice melted away. By
  end of hour 2, 5 fish lines ripped out cunt hairs as she was slowly lowered.
  Several more lines were painfully pulling on her cunt but she still couldn't
  imagine the pain multiple ripping out of hair would feel.  
It was around 11 when she heard someone approaching. She couldn't believe
  how her attitude changed and prayed it was Larry coming back for her.  
It was difficult to look over her should but knew immediately the man approaching
  her was not Larry.  
*** TO BE CONTINUED **  
Chapter 11 Master Meets Sub  
"Hot damn." She heard him mutter as he closed in on her defenseless body. "I
  was pretty sure what I saw was a naked body way out here but it didn't make
  any sense but I can see you are one of those perverted twits that like to play
  kinky games outdoors." He said in a thick Southern draw.  
"Please help me get down. We were playing a little game," Susan lied, "but
  it got carried away. Could you please help me down?"  
The silence seemed to last forever. "No, no I don't think so. Seems like
  to me someone went through a whole lot of trouble with you out here but I will
  cooperate." He added.  
"Please, yes anything." She replied thinking this man was referring to helping
  her.  
"Seems you like getting whipped, it says back here on that pretty ass of
  yours."  
"No, no that was just a joke that&hellip;.." Susan never finished her sentence
  when she felt the first of the most painful stinks she had yet ever felt from
  a whip. This man seem to know how to use a whip in the most wicked of ways
  with the most painful impact. Her jerking tore more cunt hairs that were being
  pulled the most severely at that moment. Another then another equally harsh
  blows rained down on her ass until it felt like her ass was on fire. Then the
  leather began to strike higher. Her back and the sides of her breasts were
  the targets. She begged and begged for him to stop but her pleading only seem
  to get him to intensify each lash after such a plea.  
Finally, he stopped. Susan was panting and sweating. She had never felt such
  pain in her life. The man came around to her front where there were still 8
  strings left tied to the backstop and her cunt. She knew what was coming as
  he played with the taunt strings. This man was sadistic. He slowly pulled on
  one string at a time making sure each cunt hair was being pulled as painfully
  as possible till they finally gave way and plucked out from her bush. All Sue
  could do was shake her head no as she gasped in pain.  
At last she was freed from the torturous cunt strings but being still cuffed
  and with such weak legs from enduring her stance, Susan was helpless to avoid
  anything this man wanted to do with her.  
Through tear blurry eyes she finally could see her tormentor. He was a dark
  hair man with a mustache and a nasty looking scar across the side of his face.
  Susan couldn't know this was her internet Strict Master. Nor would she know
  one of his early professions and long time hobbies was a theatrical makeup
  artist. The scar, the black hair, puffy eye brows and even his skin tone was
  all fake. This was Trent William's introductory meeting with his prospective
  acquisition and so far what he had saw delighted him and he began positioning
  the fatigued woman for another round of lashes.  
Susan's cuffs were roped above her head once more to the backstop fencing.
  He used a rope around her right ankle, threaded and pulled her leg high up
  on the same fencing. Nearly drained from his earlier ass whipping and the hours
  of suffering all Susan could do was watch as he prepared her for what would
  be even worse pain. Positioned as she was, she knew her breasts would be targeted
  but what really terrified her was now her pain ridden pussy was invitingly
  wide open to this man.  
Trent noticed her cunt too but what he noticed the most was how her juices
  were leaking from her swollen lips. The man shoved two fingers up into her
  saturate cunt. Susan's head flew backwards and she grunted a plea for him to
  fuck her. Susan shook the fencing as he played with her eager cunt, then he
  slowed down his tempo, knowing the woman was about to cum. "Please, please
  more, make me cum." She pleaded.  
"All this and all you can think about is getting fucked." The man more stated
  than asked.  
"Yes, fuck me. You can fuck me."  
His laugh made her shiver. "I think I can do anything I want with you right
  now, slut. But I love to hear you beg." His one hand now at her lips for her
  to lick off her own juices while the other played with one of her nipples. "Beg
  me to fuck you, slut. Beg to pay for a fuck."  
Please, sir. Please fuck me. Please I'll do anything to cum right now."  
This man knew how to play with a horny desperate woman. He lightly rubbed
  her clit and continued to roll her nipple between his fingers. Susan's frantically
  humped his touch as much as her restrained body could. "Will you offer your
  tits and cunt to the lash in payment, slut?  
"Yes, she cried. Fuck me and you can whip my cunt and tits." She offered
  without thinking of how much pain it could be. Then again he'd probably do
  it anyway.  
"I think not." He responded to the frustrated woman. "I think the payment
  comes first and the fucking after."  
Susan would agree to most anything at the moment.  
When the first lash struck her left tit, it was with such power that the
  breasts slapped up against the right on. Sue was still crying out from that
  first blow when an equally powerful lash stuck her right tit. Her cry became
  a gurgling moaning. Some dozen criss-cross lash lines streaked her breasts
  until he halted his onslaught. Susan breasts heaved as she fought for breath.
  The man positioned himself to her side. She was barely aware of his arm reading
  itself for another stroke.  
The snap and electrifying pain delivered to her nipple made Susan slump in
  her secured bonds. She was sure he had slip her nipple open with that lash
  but Trent was a very proficient torturer. Of course the other nipple soon received
  the same fate before he let her catch her breath. He wanted her to be able
  to be able to absorb as much of that pain and then realize his next target
  would be her open cunt. To emphasis this he asked what else she offered in
  payment?  
Susan's panic was sheer delight to the sadistic man. She frantically pulled
  on the unrelenting ropes that held her leg up and spread vulnerably open to
  the whip. "Please no. Please not there. Please I beg you, not there."  
Of course in Trent's game, a sub's petrified begging was a reward for a whipping
  well done. Nothing a sub could say would stop his final assault. Susan couldn't
  even scream as her open cunt received 6 deeply etched red lines. To Trent's
  surprise she didn't pass out until the last one. "Gee, too bad you decided
  to fall asleep cunt. I guess you won't enjoy this fucking as much as I will." He
  said as he positioned his hard cock at her swollen cunt's opening.  
-- --  
When Susan regained consciousness, she was laying on the ground. All the
  paraphernalia, Larry had brought was gone as was the man who whipped and fucked
  her unconscious body. Susan was still cuffed and as she painfully began to
  get up she realized the vibrating butt plug which had been up her ass for the
  entire evening was once again buzzing strong. Someone had to have replaced
  the worn drown vibrator batteries with new ones. Susan didn't know if it was
  the strainger or fucken Larry but whoever collected the ropes and stuff, simply
  left her there on her own.  
Susan noticed it was beginning to get light. It wouldn't be long before some
  of the school's team players would show up for early work out. She had to get
  up and get to the clothes she had placed behind the boy's gym.  
Susan grunted in pain as she moved her sore limbs to get up to a kneeling
  position. Her arms once again cuffed behind her back screamed in pain from
  being locked so long. Then it dawned on her, the guy had the key to her cuffs
  when he repositioned her for her whipping. What if he took it with him. He
  was obviously cruel enough to do something like that, she thought. When she
  finally was able to stand, she detect the stream of cum oozing out from her
  distended cunt lips. The bastard not only fucked her but without a condom.  
Susan made the agonizingly walk to the gym. Her one joy was seeing the handcuff
  key laying on the skimpy outfit she was left with. Freed at last of the cuffs,
  she took the time to rub her sore wrists and arms. For the first time, she
  realized she had no car, no money and with a thing and crop top and the heels
  she was wearing very little clothing and had to get back to the motel. She
  knew she would be forced to walk back. It was nearly two miles she'd be exposed
  in the scanty outfit that exposed most of the unmistakable whip marks on her
  body. If her pussy wasn't so sore she would have fingered herself to a climax
  as she thought about this most humiliating walk.  
During the nearly 2 mile walk back to her motel, Susan had time to think.
  She already knew she would have to unconditionally stop this game. It had gone
  so far beyond any limits she ever imagined and reached what she felt was the
  maximum of her own humiliation endurance and pain threshold. There wasn't one
  thing she could think of that would change her mind and yet as perhaps the
  25 th  car honked ay her scantily clothed body, her
  damn horny pussy was so far beyond saturating the thin strap of material that
  didn't quit cover her sore and partially plucked cunt. One thing was for sure
  she told herself when she finally could touch her swollen pussy, she was going
  to shave the remaining hair so nothing like this could ever happen again.  
"What was wrong with her? She muttered to herself.  
"Fucken A, babe. How much honey?" someone screamed from a passing car.  
What was wrong with herself. Her body was excited once again. Her abused,
  severely whipped nipples were hard and hurt under the small crop top. Her pussy
  now was leaking down between her thighs. Susan quicken her pace. This has to
  be over with.  
 -- --  
"Of course," she thought to herself, "it's not over yet. Why would one of
  Strict Master's ordeals be merely as simple at the past days?" When Susan completed
  the most humiliating and embarrassing walk she had very taken, she soon discovered
  that Larry had arraigned to have her checked out of her room. Her bags with
  her clothes as well as everything else she had except for the crop top and
  thong panty she was wearing was gone. "Your boyfriend took your things and
  said they would be back at your house." Roger, the same front desk clerk who
  had sampled her submission the day before, told her. "Damn, you sure got yourself
  a beating last night now didn't you slut?" he asked as he came around the desk
  and saw her whole body. "Look at those stripes." He said tracing several across
  her ass and waist..  
Susan was tired. She'd reached her limit and this grease ball was as bad
  as Larry. She didn't need to deal with him. She thought. Susan backed away
  from his ever more blatant groping.  
Roger Kline was not a particularly nervy man, especially when it came to
  women and particularly a woman with the looks Susan possessed. However, because
  of the brief time Larry gave him with this hot sub, then memory of this thrill
  gave him the courage to take a chance. Not even knowing what he intended to
  do other than have a little more time playing with this kinky woman, Roger
  reached out to stop her from moving away. There wasn't much to gab on to so
  when his hand grabbed at the skimpy cut crop top and pulled it shocked the
  hell out of him. The thin cotton top, already cut to display plenty of cleavage,
  was weak to start. Roger was stunned to see those magnificent pair of tits
  with as many strip marks as her ass. If he wasn't so mesmerized at the site,
  he would have followed in instinct and begged her forgiveness, pleading he
  didn't mean to do that. Instead, Susan's head drop in a sign of defeat. She
  was so obviously anyone's slut that the boys last night, Bob's hated software
  salesman, some stranger who came along and now this jerk could do anything
  with her and she was in no position to resist.  
"What do you want?" she asked. "But please no more beating. I'm too sore."  
Roger Kline swallowed, the words, I'm sorry, I didn't mean it, which were
  just on the tip of his tongue. Take that rag off and that thong too." He commanded
  in his squeaky voice.  
When the beauty complied without hesitation, he knew he had to take advantage
  of this last golden opportunity. Larry had felt Susan's car keys at the desk
  with instruction to simply give it back to her whenever she showed up. The
  final humiliation was for her to have to drive home in the scanty outfit but
  that was it.  
"Your boy friends told me I have a full hour to do whatever I wanted with
  you and if you cooperated, then and only then, I should give you your car keys
  back." He lied. On your knees, slut."  
Susan looked around. Other than her high heels she was completely naked in
  this open window lobby.  
"Play with yourself while I find some rope."  
Susan tried to plead that her pussy was so sore from last night's action
  but when he shouted she just earned herself a second hour, she knew she was
  trapped. So gently and yet effectively she began small swirling motions around
  her clit and finally up and down her wet slit. There was nothing more she would
  love to do than cum right now but this was utterly obscene, like this.  
By the time, the clerk came back with cords of rope, she was panting and
  into it. "You are one hell of a slut." He said. "Get up and turn around."  
In a few moments, Susan was once again nude and helpless.  
The one good thing for Susan was the clerk could not leave his post at the
  desk. Granted the job paid piss but for someone like Roger, it was all he could
  get. Well, he was getting head under the counter and did fuck a fantastic slut
  and enjoyed looking at her nakedness but after two hours he untied Susan. He
  handed her the thong and ripped top. Tying the pieces in the middle made it
  even more revealing but just slightly better than driving home topless. Finally,
  she was in her car. This was over. And now she had to face Bob about her lie
  and what happen to her.  
*** TO BE CONTINUED **  
Chapter 12 I swear it's over  
Fortunately for Susan, when she arrived home Bob's car was not in the driveway.
  During most of her drive home she wondered just how to initially talk with
  her husband about her condition. After all she was only in a scanty crop top,
  a thong and a pair of heals. Her body was pretty much covered with whip marks
  and bruised from her upper thighs to her upper chest. Sue was more than prepared
  to tell her husband most everything that happen and would have followed up
  with this was the end of her toying with dangerous reality experiences but
  at least now she could run in and get some clothes on.  
Sue had been either completely naked or scantily exposed so much over the
  past days that she wasn't even thinking as she stepped out of her car and head
  toward the front door in her condition. It was only when she heard the Daniel's
  dog start to bark did it hit her just how shamelessly exposed she was right
  in her neighborhood. She frantically worked the key into the lock hoping none
  of her straight laced neighbors had spotted her.  
Once inside the sanctuary of her home, she took a deep breath and began feeling
  both relief as well as extreme guilt for what she allowed done to herself.
  As sexually satisfying as her twisted exploits were to her, it all had gone
  way beyond her kinkiest imagination. This was it. The games were getting out
  of hand. Her own will power and cravings were way beyond control.  
Sue noticed the note on the kitchen counter.  
Honey,   
   
Sorry I couldn't be there when you got home from your trip but
      I got called into office with a problem. I may not get back till late this
      evening so don't hold dinner for me.   
   
PS: Hope the spa treatment worked it's magic on you. You deserve
      this kind of special pampering.   
   
Love you,   
   
Bob   
   
At first his last sentence scared Susan. It almost sounded sarcastic. "You
  deserve this kind of special pampering." Could Bob have known about what she
  had actually done? Did that fuck head Larry tell him how she had been continuing
  the games behind his back and this was his way of letting her know his resentment?
  Susan felt her nipples once again stiffen with unwanted excitement as she fantasized
  about her husband punishing her even further for what she risked.  
"No, not Bob." She thought. "He was understanding to the extreme and he loved
  her too much to punish her to the degree she deserved for being so disloyal
  to him. But while she envisioned him using a belt on her extremely sore and
  bruised tits and ass and making her admit to her worthless sluttiness and begging
  his forgiveness, she had her fingers into her own cunt and was about to climax
  once more. Damn her orgasm were so strong like this. Susan slumped from the
  chair to the floor while her body shook in ecstasy.  
When she finally came down from her high, a tear formed in the corner of
  Sue's eye. Bob was so good and so understanding and she felt so guilt-ridden
  about her actions. She immediately went up and soaked in the tub to help begin
  the healing process of her body and her physic. She hurt most everywhere. Her
  breasts and nipples were so sensitive she could only drip warm water over them.
  The bruises on her ass and thighs hurt to sit on while in the tub but the warm
  water with the lotions felt so great. Since she had all day to work on her
  recovery, Sue planned on a couple more soakings, however she didn't delay in
  taking the opportunity to shave the ruminants for her cunt hair. She never
  wanted to feel the pain of having the hair ripped from her pussy again even
  if she was planning on stopping these insane assignments.  
By early afternoon, Sue surprisingly felt much better. She wore a very loose
  top and a pair of shorts. Even her still swollen nipples felt a little less
  tender. She was planning on soaking in a second bath when the phone rang. The
  sore and stiffened 30 year old grunted and moaned like an old lady to get up
  to answer it. If it wasn't for the fact it might be her husband calling she
  would have left the answering machine get it.  
It wasn't her husband it was the sleazebag Larry Parker. "Well hello slut,
  happy to hear from me?" he sarcastically asked. "I assume you got home all
  safe and sound without giving much more tail for your release." She heard him
  chucking on the other end of the line.  
"Fuck off Larry. I'm done with all this. You had your fun but it's over.
  Stop bothering me." She resolutely told him.  
"But baby you're a natural slut. Your cunt gushes the second anyone touched
  you. Especially with a whip."  
"Listen asshole. Listen good. That was the end. If you don't hang up right
  this minute, I'll go out to the garage and get Bob this minute and let him
  explain it to you." Sue lied.  
"Awe gee slut, I was hoping we could kind of go over some of these great
  pictures I took of your last couple of days of slutting around. But if you
  want Bob to join us that's fine." Larry replied, knowing he had just spoken
  to Sue's husband at his office only a few minutes ago and knew she was lying.  
For a second, hearing about possible pictures of her in action distraught
  the young woman but there was no way she was going to allow this scum to blackmail
  her. Her husband was semi-aware of her actions and figured her facing Bob would
  be 10 times better than giving Larry any leverage. "Fuck off. I don't care
  what you got." She slammed the phone down.  
Sue couldn't believe Larry Parker would even consider his hand at blackmailing
  her. He already knew her husband was aware of most of her activities so what
  did he think he could do other than to hurt Bob? But then he'd loose one of
  his best client too. For the next hour, Sue thought about the call. More so
  she thought about the possible pictures he might have of her over the past
  couple of days of depravity. "You're a fucken sicko." She muttered to herself
  when she realized just how wet she was becoming from this reflection of the
  past days. What in hell was wrong with me? Only a few hours earlier she wished
  she never started this online submission and already she playing with herself
  again as she thought about how shamefully she acted and how depraved she was
  treated.  
It turned out, Bob didn't get home until late. Sue couldn't wait up considering
  the trying night she'd endured. The next morning, they had very little time
  together before Bob had to leave. He never even asked how her spa experience
  was. It was best. Sue wouldn't have to lie and her bruises were quickly healing.
  It would probably be best not to tell him the truth, however she would begin
  the process of putting an end to her relationship with Strict Master and of
  course Larry.  
Originally her plan was to simply to no longer communicate with Strict Master
  but as time passed she realized he had just given her what she wanted or suggested
  she craved. Well maybe a lot more but she would write her report and end it
  with a farewell message.  
Typing the events excited her. There was something about recalling the events
  as well as imagining anything before hand. The actual encounters were often
  not as powerful as her fantasies. She realized this was because dealing with
  much of the intense pain focused her attention while her recall or imagination
  would stimulate her body's sexual reaction. These stimulations were a hundred
  times more intense knowing she would or had actually experienced the ordeals
  rather than just reading a story or reading another's report. If only she could
  record one of these ordeals and replay it anytime she wanted.  
To her surprise, her report came to 14 pages. As she reread it, she played
  with herself and climaxed three times. The lowly slut, that inspired such reaction
  was her.  
At the end of the report, Sue added a line that said she wished to end this
  relationship. His assignments had gotten too intense for her and her husband.
  She thanked him in spite of her mixed feelings and she mentioned how she felt
  about everything, including her thoughts about her thoughts about a recorded
  ordeal but realized it was probably out of the question.  
Send!  There it went. Sue let out a sigh. She would
  go back to being Mrs. Susan Banks. Summerville resident and neighbor, dedicated
  wife, and supportive aunt to her niece Pamela. She felt both relieved and yet
  saddened.  
- - -  
By the following morning, Susan felt a lot better.
  No, she had not blocked out what she had done but her resolve was growing.
  She would dedicate herself to showing her husband just how loving and sexy
  she could be for him.  
It was around 10 am that the doorbell rang. Without
  checking, she open it to find Larry Parker grinning at her. Her instincts were
  to slam the door shut but he blocked this. "Get the fuck out of here before
  I call the police." She said, as she kept trying to close the door.  
"Hold on there Susan. I know how you feel but I
  suggest you at least listen to me before you do anything stupid."  
"I told you, it's over. I told Bob everything about
  this last ordeal and it's cool so take your fucken blackmail pictures or whatever
  you got planned and shove them up your ass." She shouted.  
Susan didn't like the fact that any of her stern
  words weren't making any impact upon him. "I swear if you don't let go of the
  door right this minute I will call the cops."  
"Fine. I wanted to give you one opportunity to clear
  the slate clean but while your talking to the cops, show them a copy of this
  picture with you and those kids from the ball field. Bob may have thought everything
  is cool but the courts now days don't usually look as leniently upon a slut
  fucking around with under aged kids." He said tossing a picture on the entranceway
  floor before letting go of the door and causing it to slam shut.  
Susan immediately grabbed the photo. There she was
  totally naked on her knees blowing one of the boys while the others stood inline
  for their turn. Larry must have had a zoom lens to capture her so clearly.
  So blatantly guilty. Her heart pounded as she thought about what he had said.
  Even for a minute if she could convince the police or a judge of a scenario
  other than the truth, the case would be devastating to Bob as well as herself.
  Sue quickly open the door. Larry was half way between the house and his car
  parked on the street. "Wait!" she called. "Hold on Larry. Please don't do this.
  I want to stop."  
Larry turned slowly. He could not hold back the
  grin on his face. "Sure you do slut but you got you pay for that privilege."  
"Please no more." Sue pleaded. Larry turned and
  only took two steps before she stopped him again. "What do you want." She asked
  feeling that sickening feeling in her stomach.  
"One party. One wild party so old Larry can show
  his friends just how he can control a slut like you."  
Susan shook. She didn't believe he would stop at
  one simple party and let her go but if she could at least get the pictures
  of her with the boys back, she was sure Bob and her could deal with the rest. "Just
  one party, right? She asked.  
"Can't hear you too well babe." Sue invited him
  in. "No wouldn't want to degrade my best client's home. I'll meet you out back
  and we can talk on the deck." The idea to push her now that he knew he once
  again had her was just too much to pass up. "Naked, of course, and with your
  hands cuffed behind your back like the obedient slut slave you should be. And
  oh, yah put on those high heels that spell out in flashing lights what you
  are. You know the ones you told me about while you and Bob were in the forest
  preserves.  
The suggestion hit Susan hard. A few minutes ago
  she was feeling ok with her life and in an instant this scumbag wanted to turn
  it back around. "Larry, please, lets just talk. I know we can make a deal."  
"I'll wait 5 minutes out back. If you don't come
  out like a good little cum slut slave like you know you are, then I'll be gone."  
Larry didn't even hear what she pleaded as he headed
  toward the back yard. She was powerless to do anything but what he demanded.
  Susan quickly ran upstairs and found the pair of handcuffs Bob and her had
  and the locking pair of heels. She placed the key on the kitchen table for
  easy access to it. Hastily she stripped out of her jeans and shirt. Susan bit
  her lip as she ratcheted the cuffs upon her wrists. She was about to step out
  before she had second thoughts and picked up the cuff's key and held it in
  her hand.  
"Ah now that's the slut we all know and love." Larry
  triumphly announced as Sue stepped out of the back siding door."  
*** TO BE CONTINUED ****  
C.U.F.F.S.  
Chapter 13 Just one more blackmailed time !  
"Now this is the way a cum slut like you should present herself to her master." Larry
  scorned. "A cheap cheating tramp like you enjoys showing off her body to your
  husband's friends and business associates, don't you slut?"  
In reality there was always a slight thrills she could not deny, however,
  to be so brazenly display in the sanctuary of their own neighborhood, their
  home and possibly be seen by friends and neighbors so exposed frightened her.
  To be intimidated to submit to this asshole was even more difficult be she
  knew, at the moment, Larry had the advantage. She needed time to possibly figure
  out a better situation for herself. In the mean time she knew better not to
  show any signs of disobedience or reluctance. Make the scumbag happy for the
  moment. "Yes master. This slut enjoys showing herself to you." She lied but
  knew to deny him anything right now with herself so vulnerable would only invite
  pain.  
"Get your fucken ass over her, slut."  
Susan gave a quick glance around to check out the situation. Stepping over
  to where Larry had seated himself took her away from the limited coverage of
  the house. She'd be in complete view of the Daniel's back wall. She could only
  hope they were both at work. She obeyed.  
Larry's hand went right up between her legs. "Soaken wet, like the a true
  whore."  
It was undeniable. The shapely blonde's cunt was damp and already pulsating.
  Susan hated how it gave away everything she fought to conceal and at times
  like this didn't desire. "Turn around slowly with your legs spread apart." Sue
  began to blush so shamelessly displaying herself once more. It didn't seem
  to matter how many times now before she had done so, the shame still burned
  through her to be so shameless.  
As her backside faced Larry he noticed how one palm lay open while the other
  was tightly clenched. When he touched her hand she tighten her grip. It took
  but a few second to pry open her hand to reveal the handcuff keys she was holding. "And
  why would the slut slave be holding this?" he asked.  
Sue started to say something about it just being a safety thing but Larry
  broke off her explanation. "You deserve a punishment for trying to hold the
  key to your release don't you slave?" Sue began once again to explain why she
  would have it. "Don't you slut?" Larry shouted?  
"Yes master." She sheepishly replied.  
"How many houses down should I place this key?" he asked.  
Sue looked stunned. It was late morning, not some night time game. Before
  she said anything more he suggested placing the key under someone's mat 6 houses
  down. "No please sir. I can't go out nude like this for 6 houses. Please." Larry
  seemed to think about that. "Tell you what slut, get down on your knees and
  hold your ass up so I can fuck it. If I enjoy the fuck, I'll reconsider putting
  the key six houses down." Sue immediately took the position. And as she did,
  she quickly thought about how her morning had gone from one of brightness to
  this degrading position, eagerly posed so this guy could fuck her ass, in hopes
  he would reconsider placing her cuff key 6 houses down by a neighbor.  
Once more, Mrs. Banks endured the humiliation of being nothing but a depository
  for a man's arousal. Taking it in her ass out back of her own home had it's
  own added degradation. This had to stop soon. She couldn't be expected to just
  be a fuck hole anytime this man felt like fucking her and yet here she was
  kneeling naked with her ass held up to be used as he commanded with little
  fanfare.  
Sue got little gratification from his quick brutal fucking. What was worse
  he didn't stop there with her debasement. He made her lick his cum coated cock
  clean while calling her every nasty name in the book as she completed the task.  
Sue did not like the look on his face as she hoped he would tell her she
  performed satisfactorily enough to have him reconsider placing her cuff key
  so far down the block.  
 "Ok slut lets talk about your party performance." Larry said as he zipped
  his pants back up. "I have a chance to impress a few of my most important clients.
  Clients who know they can go to most any of 4 other suppliers but are clients,
  who, lets say have no qualms about weighing certain perks with their decision
  as to who they choose to deal with." Without warning or provocation, Larry's
  hand stuck out and slapped her breast so hard that both tits jolted to the
  side. "I love torturing these tits." He said matter-of-factly. "Do you have
  some rope around here?"  
Before Susan could answer he threaten to make her punishment 10 times worse
  if she didn't tell him where they kept the ropes and toys he originally discovered
  her with, weeks ago. Sue told him they kept those things in the garage on the
  right side of the work bench. Suddenly she thought about some of the toys that
  were also in the box with the ropes. "I will get them for you master?" she
  offered.  
"Alright!" he thought, the slut is getting into it again but he had one trick
  up his sleeve that he wanted to pull and said he would get them while she was
  to wait on her knees out here for him.  
As soon as Larry came into the house he found Susan's purse and house keys.
  He pocked them before heading to the garage. He found the box with plenty of
  rope, along with a ball gag, the tie wraps they used to secure rings to her
  nipples as well as the ben wah balls. Upon returning, he made sure he turned
  the latch on the sliding door so it would lock behind him.  
In a short time, Susan's tits were once again tied into tight swollen balls.
  Her elbows were pulled tightly touching each other and right after gagging
  her with the ball gag, Larry shoved the ben wah balls up into her soaking wet
  cunt.  
Larry had placed the box to the side and inadvertently covered the nipple
  rings with the tie wraps. Sue noticed this and gave a sigh of relief as she
  recalled how brutally he attached them to her nipples in the past. As it was
  she was completely helpless as well as once again restrained so she was all
  tits and cunt. Larry made her kneel one more time as he explained the situation. "I
  decided your ass fucking was as slutty as ever and I will not put the key 6
  houses away." Susan let out a small sigh of relief for her small victory. However
  she was dealing with a cheating scumbag. "I decided, I will put the key 10
  houses down because you obviously love playing these games so much." Susan
  furiously shook her head and grabbled out some sort of intelligible protest
  which Larry of course ignored. "Don't try to thank me now. You can do that
  on Friday. You will be ready no later than 8pm on Friday night in an outfit
  that I will send you. Don't worry, you need to pack anything for the weekend." Again
  Susan let out a scream from behind the ball. "Oh did I forget to tell you?
  I got some information that your hubby is being sent on a little trip for the
  weekend. He'll be gone from Friday through Sunday so you will be partying with
  me and my clients, from Friday till Sunday." Sue tried to make her protests
  but her garble was so ineffective that it was useless. "As a man of my word,
  you will get any photos I took of you with those boys but you better be on
  you best obedience behavior or you'll pay dearly."  
She hated his victorious grin. She should have challenged him from the start
  but how? It didn't matter, she thought looking down her body now. She was lost
  once more to restraints and blackmail.  
"I know you would love to take your time getting the cuff keys but I took
  care of that so you'll be forced to enjoy yourself. I left a note on the dinning
  room table for Bob telling him you are playing your kinky games on your own." Larry
  was lying about the note but loved how it put the pressure on his helpless
  victim. She would surely take chances with the stress of destroying the note
  before her husband found it. "And don't even think about going back inside
  to try and get some of that stuff off you. The doors are locked and I will
  put these keys with the cuff key. Also don't forget kids will be coming home
  from school around 3 or so. I would think you would want to get your naked
  ass inside before they are around to see Mrs. Banks running around." Again
  he couldn't hold back a giggle, thinking about her up coming exploits.  
"Oh just two little more things." You know Kevin Hampton at Bob's office
  don't you?" Sue's eyes once again widen with fear. "He sure knows you. Well
  your hubby has been putting off finalizing a pretty sweat deal for me and he
  is using the excuse their head accountant wouldn't approve such a big deal
  at this time. He's going to be one of my honored guests at the party and your
  sweet ass is going to be the deal clincher." Once again Larry slapped her now
  bound taunt tits when she tried to protest. "Shut up, slut. We are also going
  to work on a few other of my clients, so get use to the fact that if you aren't
  100 submissive, old Bobby will be finding his wife's ass in jail charged with
  contributing to the delinquency of minors when he returns from his trip."  
Larry let this settle in on the almost broken wife.  
"Have fun slut." He said hurrying out the back gate.  
In reality Larry had no intentions of leaving either the house or cuff keys
  down the street. He figured he would let the slut run around for a couple of
  hours and return to his helpless slave and make her offer anything to let her
  get back home before Bob returned from work. He figured he'd sneak back and
  maybe watch her darting from house to house for awhile after he took care of
  a little task he wanted to do at the hardware store.  
Sue appraised her situation. It was almost hopeless but to force herself
  to perform his sick treasure hunt. But it was daylight and her neighborhood.
  She heard Larry's car start up and then realized he didn't say which way he
  would put the key 10 doors down. She was just about to run out and see which
  way he was leaving when she heard a man's voice.  
"Gas company. Meter reading." It came from the Daniel's house but their house
  was next. The damn gas meter was here in back. Sue scampered to the side of
  the house opposite of the gate to hide. The trouble with that was this side
  of the house left her exposed to the street in front but Susan had little choice
  now that she had run there to hide. Her heart began to pound as she contemplated
  making a dash for the side of the garage instead of remaining so exposed to
  the front. Her hesitation to make a break for it was her downfall. How long
  does it take to read a meter she wondered as she kept looking back at the street
  and her possible exposure to anyone coming down that way. Just when she took
  4 steps and was about to run for the garage, she heard his voice once more. "Meter
  man!" he was definitely coming into their yard now. Susan turned and retreated
  back to the side of the house and pushed her back up against the wall to try
  and cover herself as much as possible. She wished she could stop herself from
  panting. And tried to ignore the tremor the ben wah balls were delivering to
  her quivering cunt.  
Leon King was a probationary employee with the gas company. In actuality,
  he was one of several ex-convicts on a rehabilitation program the gas company
  offered. The pay was ok. The work was easy. But it pissed Leon off to see what
  these white folks had that he didn't. The homes weren't anything huge but to
  a guy who never lived in anything larger than a 2 bedroom apartment they seemed
  like mansions. It pissed him off that his half sister and his mother had to
  work like dogs for the man while half of the women of this neighborhood were
  home watching fucking soap operas.  
Today especially wasn't a good day for Leon. Two blocks up he came in back
  to read a meter and some fucken fat bitch who was out by her pool with her
  top off. She screamed at him and told him to get out. How he wanted to say, "Fuck
  you. No one wants to see your fat saggy tits not no way." But he didn't he
  just said he would do an estimate reading and left.  
Not more than 15 minutes later, he open a gate and a fucken dog came charging
  at him. He just barely got out. But the real pisser was just on this same block,
  a group of white bread bitches, were on the back deck playing cards or some
  shit like that. When the owner spotted him, she called out. "The meter is on
  the side of the garage, boy."  
This was too much. He said "who you calling boy?" And probably said a few
  other things he can't remember right now but she called into the company and
  within 5 minutes he was getting lectured by his parole officer who heard from
  the project's administrator. They didn't want to hear anything he had to say
  but to be polite to the customers and give them the respect they deserve.  
He was pissed and mumbling to himself, "Fucken uppity white bitches."  
Damn would he have liked to have taken out his frustrations on whomever's
  fucken bitchen poodle was two doors down. By now he had had it but the little
  fucker was fast when Leon tried to punt the yappy dog out of the yard. He just
  felt foolish with his meager attempt.  
It wasn't a good day, until he turned the corner of this house. "Fucken A." He
  said to himself. "Another naked bitch but what little he caught of this one
  she wasn't a fat cunt." Leon stopped at the meter. He paused to think. If he
  went around the side of the house to check where the cunt ran off to, he could
  always say he was looking for the meter, but he didn't want another damn complaint
  coming in to the office if she was just some ugly scant. Then he thought about
  the mirror he had to check meters in tight or hard to locate places.  
The ropes bit deeply into Sue's bound tits as she watched the young black
  meter man standing with his back to her with his clip board in hand. "Why was
  he away from the meter writing or whatever he was doing?" She thought. If he
  turned around from where he was, Sue was sure he would spot her.  
Leon was more than just spotting her. When he adjusted the mirror and was
  able looked back over his shoulder, he was fucken stunned at what he saw. The
  cunt was not only a fine piece of ass but she was some kind of kinky slut.
  Her tits were a dark red in color because they had ropes around them. She was
  completely naked and it looked like her hands were restrained behind her back
  as well as it looked like she had something stuffed in her mouth. "Leon has
  struck gold." He thought to himself.  
There was just one problem. Rape would send him right back to prison. But
  then a fine piece of ass like that might be worth it.  
Leon thought for a moment. How could he have it all? Then he came up with
  an idea.  
If this cunt was into some kind of self bondage or other games, it would
  be best to pretend not to have spotted her but check her out from better cover.
  As Leon pretended to finish up and leave the yard he noticed the box with ropes
  and other toys out on the back deck. "This cunt is into some pretty heavy shit." He
  told himself. "Maybe she wouldn't consider it rape?"  
Sue let as big of a sigh of relief as her restrained breasts and gagged mouth
  would allow. The fear of being caught was terrifying but there was much more.
  Susan had always been afraid of blacks. She knew a lot of her convictions were
  media created. The street pimp or drug gang impression of inner city blacks.
  Then there was this movie she never forgot that she saw with some teenage friends
  when her parents strictly told then not to go. It was about a couple of white
  teens who went to a crack house to buy some drugs. They were kidnapped, forced
  to do all kinds of degrading things then sold as slaves to some foreign suppliers.
  It was one of the most intense movies she even saw. The way all the black guys
  wanted to fuck a white woman and how they enjoyed treating them lower than
  dirty.  
As Susan thought about the movie and her situation now being so helpless
  and vulnerable with a black man so close to catching her, she felt an orgasm
  coming on. Instead of suppressing it she worked it and was soon rolling around
  the ground, smashing her own bound tits on the ground and bucking wildly. Leon
  watched this from over the fence. He got on his cell phone.  
"Jimmy, it's me Leon. You ain't going to believe whats going down here. Some
  knock out hunky slut is tied and handcuffed and just waiting for some dicks
  up her ass." Leon peaked up to see Sue still climaxing. "No, I ain't shitten
  you. Where you at?"  
"The 400 block of Maple." Jimmy, another program ex-con working nearby replied.  
"Listen, get a hold of Vi and tell her we'll just fill in the rest of our
  route sheets while we enjoy some white cunt. I know that lezzy will want to
  get her hands on her too. Listen, change out of your gas company shirts into
  civvies so there won't be no problems getting fingered and get over here right
  away."  
Leon gave Jimmy the address and waited and watched.  
*** TO BE CONTINUED ***  
Chapter 14 Dangling White Bread  
Leon could barely contain himself as he watched the horny white bitch's cunt
  humping the ground. Several times he checked his watch and looked back out
  onto the street to see if his co-workers had arrived yet.  
Susan was finally coming down from her orgasm and struggled to her feet. "Damn
  Larry knew how to tie a woman completely helpless." She thought, as not only
  her hands were secured behind her back but with her elbows stringently cinched
  too her arms were of no use to her either. Sue had to work her legs up under
  herself and used her head against the ground to steady herself before lifting
  herself up. The effort left her drooling around the ball gag which in turn
  made her feel all the more a mess. But then again there was no one she had
  to look good for she surely hoped.  
Leon almost panicked when he watched the blonde woman begin to make her way
  toward the side of the house. Sue was terrified but knew she had to begin her
  hide and seek run to retrieve the keys for her release.  
Just in time another gas company van pulled up to the house. Leon waved Vi
  and Jimmy to hurry and join him on the side of the house where he was hidden.
  Leon pointed towards the bound naked woman. "Holy sheet!" Jimmy mumbled when
  he saw the vulnerable beauty. "What the fuck. Why she like that?" Jimmy asked.  
"Don't know." Leon replied. "I spotted her when I came in the yard but I
  didn't see no one else around and she sure didn't come to get me to help her.
  I think she just had a fucken climax a little while ago." He said.  
"I know what she is." Vi chimed in. "She's one of those frustrated white
  ass housewives who do the self bondage things to get herself off." They looked
  back at Sue. "Maybe but she sure got herself tied up and cuffed real good so
  I think we should give that frustrated cunt of hers some of this." Leon said
  rubbing the bulge in his pants.  
"I don't care if she's frustrated or not. She's get some." Jimmy added. "Lets
  grab her".  
"Hold on bro. She might have seen me and knows I work for the company but
  you guys don't have the uniform shirts on so she won't know who or where you
  came from. You guys snatch her. She's already gagged and just blindfold her
  and we'll have a whole afternoon to do what we wants with her, then just leave
  and she won't know who or what happened."  
They agreed on the hastily made up plan. Jimmy ran around to the front of
  the house. Vi, crept up behind Sue, who was now partly out towards the front
  and ready to bolt for the cover of the neighbor's bushes spotted the huge black
  man coming from the front, just before she felt a hand grab her from the back.
  It was a black woman who grabbed her. What the hell was going on?" Sue felt
  a sense of instantaneous terror. This was more than just being spotted naked
  outside. She was nearly completely helpless and being grabbed by a black couple
  in her own back yard. She couldn't scream with the ball gag and surely couldn't
  stop a thing from happening to herself let alone defend herself.  
"You ain't going no place cunt." The black woman snarled into her ear just
  before wrapping several rounds of duck tape over her head and around her eyes
  which completely sealed off her vision.  
Susan was really scared. More scared than being left alone in the forest
  preserve. She knew her stereotyping of blacks was ludicrous these days and
  times but unlike many of her friends, she had so little contact with many blacks
  and surely none who would take advantage of her own created situation. So in
  spite of her escalating vulnerability she tried to resist and fought back.
  She blindly kicked out and did happen to catch Vi in the upper shin.  
Slap&hellip;.. slap&hellip;. SLAP!  
Sue received three vicious open hand whacks to her bulging tits that were
  so hard she buckled to her knees. "You bitch!" Vi growled. Blindfolded as well
  as she was, Sue had no way of knowing of another 3 when they came in session
  again. "Do you understand cunt?"  
Frantically Sue nodded. Then without warning she was kicked forward sending
  her body to the ground. The fall mashed her abused tits which hurt like hell. "Get
  up slut." She heard a third black man's voice command. How many where here
  with her? What would they do with her?  
Sue began to struggle to get to her knees in order obey but before she could
  plant her foot under herself, she was kicked from a different direction and
  once more hit the ground hard.  
Suddenly she felt the sting of a whip across her bare ass. "I told you to
  get up slut." The same guy ordered before lashing her a second time. This went
  on a half a dozen more times. It was obvious she was helpless to do what was
  commanded of her and yet, the whip impelled her to try and comply just the
  same.  
"Where did you find that whip? The woman asked?  
"Over on the porch. There's a bunch of kinky shit in the box." Leon replied.  
Sue's troubles were spiraling downward by the minute, knowing what was all
  in her and her husband's toy box.  
"What the fuck are these for?" Jimmy asked holding up the tie wraps and rings.  
"Not sure but I know someone who can tell us." Leon said.  
Leon unbuckled the ball gag but left it around her neck to be replaced while
  he questioned their captive. It took only a few minutes of Sue's false denials
  as to her knowledge of what the rings and ties were for followed by several
  severe lashed to her bloated tits before Sue had to tell the three about the
  nipple rings. The ball gag was replaced in her aching mouth. Then Susan felt
  Vi's lips on her right nipple. She sucked and bit on them hard and long then
  the tie wrap was places at it's base. Sue also felt some kind of tool being
  used on the plastic straps to compress the one way straps. How Sue wished her
  garbled pleas could be understood. They were tightening them way too much.
  Then again the fact that she, her tits, her nipples somehow endured the brutal
  abuse proved it wasn't too much. Amazing how much torture a woman's body could
  bear.  
One of them simply touched one of her already inflamed nipples. To Sue it
  felt like they had touched it with a glowing ember it hurt so bad. The sadistic
  trio laughed at the white woman's inability to resist even this slight torture.
  Blindfolded as she was, Sue could not be prepare when one of them pulled up
  in the rings now attached to her nipples vie the tie wraps. The pain of her
  sorely engorged nipples was ten times than that of the mere brushing of her
  nipples. She frantically rose up as quickly as she could to avoid this pain.  
"I think this white bitch will do anything if you just pull on these." Vi
  said as she jerked brutally on both rings. Sue's muffled cry went up several
  octaves but there was nothing the completely helpless bound woman could do.  
"I got an idea." Leon said. "Be right back." He said dashing out of the yard.
  In a few minutes he returned with the Daniel's dog. The big retriever was a
  friendly big dog. Susan always liked Rex, however she didn't like one time
  when visiting and the guys got the dog overly excited while playing with him.
  He jumped up with his dirty paws and literally pushed Susan down in his excitement.
  The dog was big and this point alone made her skittish of him.  
Once again she felt her heart pounding, hoping they wouldn't do anything
  nasty with him.  
When Vi spotted the animal she chuckled. "Ya, going to make this suburban
  cunt fuck the dog?"  
"Maybe later after we're tired of fucking her ass. I was more thinking of
  having some fun with the bitch."  
Leon decided to risk being seen by the cunt. What would she say? After all
  she was the one running around naked and cuffed? "Take the tape off the cunt's
  eyes." Jimmy and Vi made sure they were none to gentle as they did so.  
Once off, Sue looked at her three captors and even though she spotted Leon
  while she was hiding, she never got a good enough look to recognize him and
  now out of his company shirt she didn't make the connection. What she did take
  note of was that they all were in the character mold of her nightmare of black
  assailants. Jimmy was a huge man. His shaved head and stern looks reminded
  her of a bouncer or security guard you didn't want to mess with. Vi, a pudgy
  woman with braided hair and just as mean looks as Jimmy. Leon however was tall,
  very dark skin and in Susan eyes had the looks of a TV pimp.  
Granted these where all of the not so street smart Summerville housewife's
  impressions but as she would soon discover, her paranoia was not too unfounded
  with these three for as time passed they were getting bolder with the helpless
  woman as well as hornier.  
Susan was in total fear as she helplessly stood while Leon attached a 5 foot
  length of rope to her right nipple ring then lead it through the dog's collar
  and attached the other end to her left ring. In essence she was now reigned
  to the animal by her tits and nipple  
 rings. Leon told Jimmy to go to the opposite side of the yard. Susan could
  feel her pussy involuntarily clenching the ben wah balls within herself. Only
  Vi noticed how the woman's thighs seem to be quivering and sort of grinding
  against each other. Sue was near climax. A climax she really didn't want right
  now but the twin exciters with her wet cunt were doing their job. Suddenly
  Leon showed the playful dog a ball he had in his hand. Sue immediately comprehended
  his plan and began grabbling frantic pleas not to throw the ball.  
But there was absolutely nothing she could do. Being cuffed with her wrists
  behind her back and arms and elbows tightly tied as well, the naked woman was
  vulnerable to anything they wanted to do to her.  
Rex playfully took off after the ball Leon tossed to Jimmy. Susan ran as
  fast as she could to keep up however she was no match for the dog's speed.
  Her now crimson bound breasts were yanked into stretched and bouncing cones
  as she ran as fast as she could under the circumstances. Her gagged screams
  were heard every time the rope would pull then slacken and retugged as the
  energetic dog pulled on his leash just like any other times he might be running
  with one of his owners in tow.  
The pain to both her drawn breasts and wrenched nipples was unbelievable.
  The fear of falling face and tits first to the ground without any way to protect
  herself was in her mind as she ran after the dog tugging her. But the tremendous
  titillation building within her cunt was an unthinkable and yet unstoppable
  reality. Susan barely had time to stop, turn and moan before Jimmy tossed the
  ball back to Leon. Once again she screamed as the slacked rope brutally yanked
  once more. The trio loved how the bound woman was basically forced to the mastery
  of a mere dog.  
The ball was thrown several more times before Vi approached Jimmy. "The fucken
  cunt likes this game too much."  
Susan madly shook her head in denial.  
"Look at her cunt. Its fucking dripping with her slut juices." She pointed
  out to Leon who's black fingers wiped a trickle and held it up for Susan to
  see. "Maybe we shouldn't make this game so stimulating for the slut and make
  it a little painful instead."  
Susan couldn't believe what this woman was suggesting, as if having her tits
  and nipples nearly being ripped off and forced to run wasn't torturous enough
  already. The black woman held up two butt plugs that Bob and her had in their
  toy box. "I think one of these up her ass would make things a little uncomfortable
  for the slut."  
With all the running with the ben wah balls vibrating within her cunt, her
  being naked and so vulnerable before these three people and the pain and it's
  effects on Susan's body, the suggestion of something more was the last straw.
  Sue felt her cunt clench around the balls and began to climax. She tried to
  fight it. She tried to hide it but the inescapable orgasm was strong. Sue's
  body began to tremble. Her thighs tighten and her body flushed. She couldn't
  even hold back the grunts as she dropped to her knees and bite down on the
  ball gag. Vi and Leon began to chuckle as they watched the white bitch shuttering
  in a pain and humiliation climax.  
"What's wrong with the bitch?" Jimmy asked from his positioned across the
  yard.  
"Nothing. The fucken whore slut is climaxing from all this fun." Vi replied.  
When it looked like Sue was at the peak of her climax, she felt a tug on
  her nipple rings. Her screams of pain and pleasure were indistinguishable.
  It heighten the lengthened and intensity of her climax even more.  
Rex, who wanted to continue to play stood watching its neighbor's actions.
  As his curiosity grew, he approached her shaking body and then began licking
  some of the wetness that was leaking from the woman's bald cunt. Sue wasn't
  even aware of the added stimulation until the orgasm began to settled down.
  Suddenly her eyes flew open. She tried but could not get away from the dogs
  licking tongue. Of course Leon and Vi held her open to give the dog easier
  access and the woman ultimate humiliation. She once more shook her head no.
  This was too sick. To be eaten out by a dog. But Vi and Leon loved the action
  and made sure the fucken suburban cunt felt as degraded as possible.  
After what seemed to Susan like hours of humiliation and stimulation, she
  was forced to turn over, spread her legs. "Use the big one." She heard Leon
  tell Vi. He wanted her ass wide open for Jimmy and himself. Vi was none too
  gentle about working the largest plug up into her ass. She tied to move slightly
  away in order to allow her sphincter to open up for the huge rubber plug but
  Vi would not allow her this small relief. The black woman steps on the nipple
  leash which prevented Sue to move another inch. She used her palm and basically
  shoved the plug past her outer ring until it pooped inside Sue ass. Once more
  the suffering white woman's stifled cries and screams were snickered at by
  the three blacks.  
Sue knew whenever she had this huge plug up her backside she often had to
  move gingerly and often walked kind of bowlegged. So when they stood her back
  up after her orgasms and plugging of her ass, she realized they weren't done
  playing their sadistic game of catch with her and the neighbor's dog. Sue barely
  got out a brief gagged objection before Leon tossed the ball once more.  
"Mufffffff ! ahhhhh" was heard as she now awkwardly scrambled after the dog.  
The three laughed hysterically at the obvious suffering of the bitch who
  was forced to ignore or at least endure multiple torments to her body.  
The white cunt's ass burned, her tits and nipples pulled so much and so terribly
  she was sure they would be damaged. But somehow she survived a full 15 to 20
  minutes of this torture before she finally dropped to the ground. Rex pulling
  but the three captors knew if they didn't untie the dog, her nipples would
  be ripped from her body and this wasn't their intent. Surely they enjoyed torturing
  the hunky slut but now it was time to enjoy the bitch's holes.  
Leon began to go to the sobbing woman when Vi stopped him. She raised the
  leather whip and began showing her with lash after lash. A Sue could do was
  cringe, roll and turn under the harder and harder blows.  
"What was that for? Leon asked without much concern in his voice.  
"Just because." She replied. Be sides it was probably what Mrs. White Bread
  was doing out here waiting for anyway.  
No matter how Sue turned she presented a target. Her cut and slashed tits.
  Her red criss-crossed ass and things, and occasionally a few direct hits up
  into her bald cunt. Her body had never been so battered, bruised and sliced.
  Even over the past two day stint with Larry and others.  
Vi who hated this woman she didn't even know was finally stopped by Leon
  who didn't care what she was doing but rather wanted to fuck the cunt now.  
After removing the plug and ben wah balls and ball gag but leaving her tits,
  nipples, and arms tied and of course her wrists cuffed since no one but Larry
  had the keys, Sue had nothing left in her to resist what they wanted. She did
  plea that they use condoms but all this request got her were some nasty tit
  slaps. "You will take my black cum and love it bitch." Jimmy sneered. "Maybe
  Mrs. Suburban will get a nice big black baby out of this."  
In spite of being completely exhausted and absolutely helpless, Sue still
  felt ashamed about being raped by black men. It must have been obvious too
  because Leon began twisting her nipple rings, telling her to make love to Jimmy,
  with her cunt. "Kiss him like he is your greatest lover ever." He demanded.
  Sue was forced to comply. She couldn't take any more pain. At least, she thought
  she couldn't.  
Both men fucked her hard and long. Jimmy's huge cock nearly ripped her apart.  
Vi told the guys to stand her up and spread her legs apart so their cum would
  leak out of her filled cunt. Vi caught the gobs of cum that poured out into
  her hand and them made Sue "eagerly" lick it up while being made to say how
  much she loved black cum.  
Both men were so aroused by the suffering bitch, that they were soon ready
  for a second go at her. Her ass was brutally fucked before Leon told Vi the
  cunt was all hers. They were going to get some whiskey to drink so Vi could
  do whatever she wanted without them watching her.  
As soon as the guys left, Vi took off Susan's gag which was replaced because
  of her screaming while being ass fucked. "Now you're going to eat my juicy
  black pussy." Vi announced.  
This was too much. Sue not only never considered eating out another woman
  but also she would never consider the sloppy cunt that was over her now.  
Vi did most everything to get Sue to even touch her pussy with her tongue.
  Obviously the retrained woman would eventually lose any kind of standoff but
  Vi really didn't care. Vi was never much into girl stuff either but was into
  torturing this cunt. So when Jimmy and Leon returned she told them why she
  wanted to continue torturing the bitch. Neither Jimmy nor Leon gave a shit
  what she wanted to do. They were spent.  
Vi had the guys help position Sue under a strong limb of the backyard tree.
  She added more ropes to Sue's purple tits. These were nooses. It didn't take
  long to understand. Sue's tits were tied to the tree's limb as she stood upon
  a pair of brinks which were placed on their ends lengthwise. Jimmy held her
  still while all slack was taken from the tit nooses and Vi tied about two pounds
  of weights to the nipple rings. In essence her tits were painfully pulled upwards
  while her nipples were viciously lugged down by the weights. Tears poured from
  Sue's eyes and all she could do was gasp and gurgle from behind the gag. "I'm
  going to have Jimmy let go of you slut. So you will have to balance yourself
  on those bricks or I think you know what will happen if you don't." Vi nodded
  and Jimmy slowly let go. Sue's body quivered as she fought to hold her balance
  upon the teetering brick tops. Vi took up the whip they found and began whipping
  every part of the precarious wavering woman. The lashed seem to increase with
  intensity but the hanging target had to force herself to remain as steady as
  possible.  
Leon and Jimmy laughed as they said their goodbyes to Vi and their plaything.  
"Don't you dare fall cunt." Vi warned her. "I want to be the one that gives
  you that pain."  
Sue knew she could not last long like this. Her feet could barely hold the
  bricks steady any longer. She also knew if this fucking woman kicked the bricks
  out from under her it would hurt 100 times worse than if she tried to do it
  with somewhat less cruelty. It was insane to add even worse pain to herself
  but Sue first lifted one foot off the brick. And supported herself on the ball
  of the remaining foot. She heard the empty brick flop and knew it was lost
  to her now. But even this little added pain from the movement told her she
  couldn't do this. Gasping she held on to the lone support until it was jerk
  out from under her by Vi. Her frantic jerking, made the tit nooses bite deeper
  into her already severely bound breasts. It also caused the nipple weights
  to wiggle and pull worse on her tender buds.  
The pain was extreme. Sue could not believe her body cold be held up by her
  own breasts alone. She knew the ground was a scant few inches from her toes
  but it might as well have been a mile. Nothing, absolutely nothing could hurt
  worse than this she thought.  
"My my girl look at your fucken cunt and asshole leaking Leon and Jimmy's
  cum. You sure don't look so high and might now bitch do you?"  
Sue could barely moan a reply. Her breathing was cut back to taking short
  painful gasps of air.  
"Bet you wish you could change your mind about licking my black pussy now,
  right?"  
Sue didn't reply.  
Then she learned how wrong she was about thinking her pain was about the
  most extreme she had ever felt. The whip struck across her inflamed tits. The
  blow caused her to jerk which in turned caused her to sway a little and the
  nipple weights to swing. All of which cause intense pain not to mention the
  initial blow of the whip across her taunt tits.  
"You are going to count each whip I give you and thank me by saying thank
  my goddess. Do you understand?" Sue whimpered softly which got her another
  blow that also struck across her pulled nipples. This blow really made her
  jerk and all the same responding torture from this was that much more intensified.  
"Yes, mistress goddess." Sue gasped out before another lash would be delivered.  
"Enjoy, yourself. In maybe 15 minutes or so you're going to have the longest
  set of tits on the block." She said as she too turned to leave the yard.  
Sue wished she could blackout from the intense pain but instead she just
  hung there. The black woman delivered 25 lashes to her bottom and back and
  a final ten lashes cutting across her tits. Before swinging Sue's hanging frame
  to induce the worse of all the pain.  
Sue's body finally stopped swaying. All she could see were her tied ballooned
  deep purple tits in her face. Sue knew in a short time her breasts would be
  destroyed and she could do nothing about it. Suddenly she felt herself being
  lifted and something was placed under her feet. Frantically she tried to support
  herself upon weak wobbly legs. It was Larry. He had been watching what was
  happening from the side of the house for a little more than a half an hour.
  He came back to the house when he didn't find her wandering around the neighborhood
  naked as he expected.  
Sue could not move or speak for awhile even as he peeled the ropes that were
  deeply furrowed into her soft skin. The rush of blood back into her tits and
  then into her released nipples made her scream once more.  
Even this sick bastard looked at her bruised and battered body and knew his
  plans for any party abuse in a few days would have to be postponed. He also
  knew Bob could return home in an hour or two so he helped Sue clean up, put
  away the ropes and toys and made sure she went to bed after soaking in a hot
  tub.  
"Can't leave you do one simple assignment without getting yourself all fucked
  up can I?" the bastard teased.  
Susan didn't reply. She fell asleep in minutes.  
*** TO BE CONTINUED ***  
CHAPTER 15 WHAT A POSITION SHE GOT HERSELF IN  
Bob came home from work to find Sue in bed. She told him she must have eaten
  something that made her feel sick. When Bob said that's tough when you get
  fucked up like that. Sue was startled at his wording and thought maybe he was
  being cryptic with her but he didn't say anything more other than to ask her
  if she wanted a massage or something to make her feel better.  
She knew she couldn't let Bob. Her body was still pretty bruised. She thanked
  him but told him all she wanted to do was sleep.  
"Ok honey." He replied. "I got to call Jerry and tell him I have to cancel
  my business trip tomorrow. I can't leave you like this."  
Sue's eyes teared up. Bob was so good to her and she was deceiving him. She
  was such a slut. "Bob. Honey, you know how we've been playing these &hellip; well..
  kinky games?"  
"Yah!"  
"Well with Pam coming home from her European trip soon, well, ah, I mean,
  we obviously can't do anything like that again. I &hellip; just want to say
  you know. I just want to tell you how much I love you for understanding and
  being so good about it all."  
Bob smiled. Now wasn't the time to tell her of his surprise for her. She
  obviously wasn't feeling well and needed sleep.  
Meanwhile, Trent Williams, was finishing working out details and logistics
  for both his plan to remove the damn nuisance Larry Parker as well as a big
  surprise for Mr. and Mrs. Banks.  
Although this Larry guy had given him a way to intensify and perhaps accelerate
  his plans and preparation of his new acquisition, it was time to take him out
  of the equation before he would have to take drastic measures. Then he got
  a brief note from his dutiful trainee. Sue wrote and told him how Larry's continued
  unauthorized play was way out of control and he was using blackmail to continue.
  Trent considered several scenarios but decided he might be able to use Larry's
  departure to help with how he intended to deal with Bob Banks.  
As for Bob Banks, Trent was surprised when he received an e-mail request
  from the slut's husband. Apparently, she had mentioned to her husband the possibility
  of recording one last assignment before halting all play. Of course, Bob thought
  Strict Master resided across the country and would only be a source of help
  in perhaps working out someway to fulfill Sue's desires. Trent's reply came
  with a supposed search of several people who were safe, who had video equipment
  and who were within reasonable distance from where the couple lived. He told
  Bob that he might want to set up such a surprise for his slut wife.  
Of course every one of the listings and e-mail addresses were factious names
  which were set up by Trent himself. No matter what ad or contact Bob chose
  he was talking with Trent.  
Bob studied the listing in detail until finally narrowing his choices down
  to a top three picks. Bob was assured by Strict Master that he communicated
  and knew the top three candidates on his list and would trust any of them for
  this surprise. Strict Master should know them well, they were all him.  
Sue's husband was instructed to make contact via the internet to exchange
  ideas. Strict Master wanted to make sure Bob would be comfortable with anyone
  he chose for this deal. Bob wrote DB Slaver in Brookville which was only a
  few miles away. What luck Bob thought when he realized the time he would save
  in setting up the perfect surprise for his wife.  
During the early communications, DB told Bob he was a retired cop. This was
  semi-true considering Trent worked as a subcontractor chemist for one of New
  York's crime labs. His specialty was drug component breakdown. It was his early
  assignment until lab got funding for specialized computer equipment which could
  do the task in a third of the time it took a chemist alone. But Trent also
  was used as a makeup artist which was an early hobby of his. He was extremely
  talented with making latex masks as well as cosmetic makeup disguises for under
  cover operations. His, so called, retirement came when he decided to utilize
  a few of the formula's he collected over his tenure at the labs. Several hookers
  mysteriously disappeared from the streets as well as a stunning investigative
  reporter. There was little evidence in any of the cases and to this day no
  one knows what happen to any of the victims.  
It proved to be very fulfilling both monetarily as well as sexually for the
  retired chemists but Trent knew the law enforcement's mode of operation well
  enough to know when to leave a used hunting ground after a few strikes. Trent
  had found his true calling. He often changed his style or mode of contact.
  He was soon known in a very elite business and social circle of the world.
  What started out on an impulse had provided him wealth and a sense of power
  few men ever felt. And after 3 years it was more of a hobby or a challenge
  to go a step further.  
 _ _  
Bob told DB Slaver his idea of having his wife think she was captured and
  raped, and maybe even some mild to medium abuse. And if possible, he requested
  it all to be caught and recorded on tape for her later enjoyment. DB Slaver
  assured Bob he could do everything he was requesting. He insisted that Bob
  and he meet so he could show him what kind of set up might work and to get
  a personal feeling of confidence with him.  
This was ideal. Bob thought. The guy is so up front and forward, he already
  felt as if this was the right man to deliver his wife to for the surprise of
  her life. Bob turned over in bed and fell asleep with a smile. He would be
  meeting with DB Slave the next day. Both husband and wife laid in sexually
  excited. Both thinking of their own secret.  
-- -  
It was a little after 1:15 am. Larry slipped the key into the front door
  then proceeded to carefully creep up the stairs to the bedroom. He licked his
  lips before reaching into his pocket and took out two new photos of his slut
  slave Susan Banks. Quietly he leaned over and touched Sue's arm. The stunning
  blonde turned groggy before she opened her eyes. Her shock, jolted the bed
  as she realized she was looking directly at the slim ball who had been haunting
  her for days now.  
Susan mouthed the words; What the fuck. Get the hell out of here."  
Larry dangled the pair of new photos of Susan hanging that afternoon by her
  tits. "Come with me slut." He whispered.  
Carefully not to awaken her husband, she slipped from beside Bob and reached
  for her robe. Larry snatched it from her and tossed it into the corner of the
  room. He indicated he wanted her to leave it. Larry wanted her only in the
  short silver baby doll she was wearing.  
When the pair finally reached the bottom of the stairs, Susan opened up on
  him. "What the fuck are you doing here and how did you get in?"  
"You insisted I have a key remember? Larry patted his pant's pocket.  
"Give me the key or I'll wake Bob and get you arrested."  
Larry knew it was a gamble but considering how easily she submitted to him
  this morning with his blackmail, he figured the new pictures were much more
  damaging to her. "I think not. Or when you get hubby up, we can go over the
  details of your last few days of play behind his back." Again Larry waved the
  pictures of her afternoon torture. "Do you know you can actually make out the
  cum dripping down your legs in one of them. Wonder how old Bob would like having
  a black baby."  
Sue knew once again she was defeated. "What do you want. You promised to
  leave me alone after what I when through today."  
"Yah, I know but then I thought of that slutty slit of yours I just figured
  I'd get a piece or two before turning in tonight." Larry snickered and began
  unbuttoning his shirt. "Beg me to fuck you tramp."  
"What the hell are you talking about. My husband is right up stairs. He could
  come down any time if he hears anything."  
"Then I think you better not moan in pleasure like you usually do slut." His
  hand went to her cleavage and yanked on the nightie. Things don't always rip
  like they do in the movies. One strap pulled from the top but Larry needed
  both hands to finally rip the silver outfit in half. "Now beg me to fuck you
  slut."  
His voice became louder. Sue feared Bob would hear him so she begged him
  to please fuck her.  
Unceremoniously Larry pushed Sue over the back of the couch and began fucking
  her. She couldn't believe she was just downstairs from her husband and yet
  as helpless as ever.  
Fucking the blonde wife wasn't enough. He made her get on her hands and knees
  and clean his dick with her mouth. "You were born to do this slut." He matter-of-factly
  stated when she finished.  
Her submission, pretty much confirmed to him that Sue would do just about
  anything to avoid confronting her husband with her clandestine actions. His
  power was growing over her. Larry felt like he owned her.  
After he straighten himself up, Larry grabbed Sue by her hair. "You listen
  and listen good cunt. If and when I say fuck, from now on you will spread your
  legs. When I say suck you will drop to your knees. When I say ass, you bend
  over and spread your cheeks. And when I say come, you crawl to me. Do you understand?" Sue
  reluctantly nodded. "We've got an appointment on Monday with Jerry Coll. I
  will be stopping by soon to instruct you on how you will be expected to act."  
Sue's mouth dropped. Jerry Cole was Bob's boss. She tried to plead but Larry
  shut her up.  
"Please, don't do this to us, Larry. Please let me just stop." Larry slapped
  her across the face.  
"See you tomorrow. Or Mr. Cole will be getting a full packet of your slutty
  fun."  
Larry left her kneeling on the floor. What in hell had she done? She ran
  up stairs and took a shower. She felt more than just dirty fucking another
  man in their home. She felt like the true slut she was being called.  
The next morning, Bob did not awaken his still sleeping wife. She probably
  still felt a little sick, he thought to himself. Well he had to hurry off to
  the office. He planned on a half day at the office before driving up to Brookville
  to meet with this DB Slaver. If things looked and felt good to him, by the
  following weekend, he'd spring one hell of a surprise on his dear sweat Susan.  
Sue turned and awoke to discovered Bob had already left. "What the hell time
  was it anyway." She thought as she sat up. The blonde grown a bit. She was
  still somewhat sore from yesterday's torturous day. What amazed her was most
  of the bruising and marks were quickly fading. She showered quickly then got
  on the internet to relate to Stern Master what all happen to her. Even though
  she no longer wanted to commit to any more of his ordeals, she realized his
  experience in this realm of her life was valuable. Maybe he could help her
  figure a way to stop Larry's advances.  
Trent happen to be online when the message came across. "Ah, my poor baby
  thinks it's been rough up to now and wants out. I'm sorry Slut Sue. You'll
  just have to deal with that prick Larry a few more days then your knight will
  rid you of that beast but definitely not save you." He snickered.  
-- -  
"Hi honey. I'm home! Came to get a quickie before seeing my first client." Larry
  shouted. "You got 2 minutes to come crawling, butt naked or I call Bob's office."  
Sue turned from the computer where she just fired off the e-mail. Her heart
  sank. She knew anything but complete compliance would get her in deep shit. "Fuck." She
  whispered. Her disgust for this damn prick was getting worse and worse and
  yet his control over her seemed to be getting stronger. What could she do to
  get him to stop this?  
"A minute 30 seconds." He shouted.  
Sue hurriedly pulled off the robe she had on, then went to the top of the
  stairs and dropped to her knees and began to degradingly crawling down the
  stairs to be whatever or do whatever Larry wanted of her.  
"There's my fucken slut. Jiggle those tits and shake that ass when you crawl,
  cunt." He ordered.  
Red faced, she complied.  
"I think with a little help from me, you'll make one hell of a first rate
  slut toy yet." He told her. "Now I want to teach you a few positions that you
  better keep in that cock sucking head of yours but first I have a gift for
  you." Larry produced a thick spiked dog collar and leash. From the collar hung
  a silver dog tag. The wording CUM SUCKING CUNT was clearly spelled out in big
  letters. As he put the collar around her neck, Sue felt her pussy tingle thinking
  if anyone ever saw her with this on and its sick tag she would die of embarrassment.
  While she looked down at the humiliating tag she was unaware Larry was attaching
  a small lock but the second she heard it click her hands went to the locked
  buckle.  
Sue looked up apprehensively. Larry grin. "I'm going to put the key here
  in this tea pot but you are not to get it without direct permission from me.
  Is that understood." Sue nodded with a sigh of relief. Larry jerked up on the
  leach forcing Sue's head up with it. "You are not to touch that key without
  my direct permission."  
Larry then held up a small packet with some powder in it. "And I'm going
  to leave you this too. Now listen!" he said, once again pulling up on the leash
  for emphasis. "You are to put this in a drink for hubby, no later than 8pm
  and no sooner than 7:30 tonight."  
"What is it?" she said concern what the hell this little prick would do to
  Bob.  
"It's a light sedative. You don't want hubby waking up while we are fucking
  tonight do we?"  
Sue began protesting but Larry ignored her and began pulling the leash. She
  was forced to once again to crawl out into the openness of the back patio. "Larry,
  please listen to me." She began to plead, when very uncharacteristically even
  for this prick, he slapped her across the face. Although the blow was not as
  hard as she imagined it could be, it stunned Susan. "Whenever I am in your
  presents and you are wearing my collar, you will call me master. You will do
  whatever I command without question. You will not bitch about anything. Now
  it's time to learn some slut lessons.  
Larry snapped his fingers.  
1- snap and she was to drop to her knees, legs spread open wide enough to
  see her cunt flaring. Her hands were to be held behind her neck with her firm
  full tits thrust outward. Of course her eyes were to be nowhere except focused
  upon her master's crotch.  
2- snaps and she was to crawl forward, lower her head and without hesitation,
  begin licking his foot or shoes.  
3- snaps of the fingers and she was to place her face against the ground.
  She was to raise her ass up in an offering.  
4 snaps and she was to immediately turn on her back. Her hands once more
  behind her head and her legs spread as far apart as possible.  
A single whistle and she was to get back on all fours, crawl and follow.  
Larry had her go through a random routine of these positions some 20 times.
  Any mistakes and or hesitation was dealt with immediately by putting her in
  one of the trained positions and depending on whether her tits, ass or cunt
  were presented, those sensitive areas received a half a dozen punishment lashes
  that got more and more severe as the lesson went on. In a very short time,
  Sue had completely forgotten the humiliation of the positions and only wanted
  to accomplish the next command without flaw to avoid further punishments to
  her raw and sore privates.  
-- -  
Bob found the sports bar where the man he only knew as DB Slaver had set
  up their meeting. Of course Trent was in one of his full made up stage cosmetic
  characters. To Bob it was a relief to discover this DJ Slaver was actually
  an older man. It gave him a false sense of security if something went wrong,
  he could easily protect his wife from this old geezer. "I'm Bob Banks and you
  are DB Slaver?" He asked the old man in the last booth nearest the pay phone
  as indicated in his e-mail.  
The old guy stood up. "Call me Phil. My real name is Phil Dunstand. One can't
  be too sure about the people you meet over the internet, now can you?"  
Bob nodded and smiled as he agreed with the man's caution. One of the first
  things Bob noted was how weak this man's hand shake was. The old fart seemed
  pretty frail to be into any kind of kinky stuff.  
Trent Williams, knew all or most of his well practiced signals like the weak
  hand shake and other things were being picked up by this naive suburbanite.
  Meanwhile Trent began making his own mental notes about Sue's husband.  
"Care for a beer or something?  
Bob ordered a Coors Light.  
At first they talked about very little in general until the subject finally
  came around to Sue and what Bob wanted to spring on her. The old man asked
  to see a picture of Bob's wife. Bob watched him holding a nude shot of Sue
  in his shaky hands.  
"You know I'm a retired cop so I don't want to do anything to your Mrs. that
  she really wouldn't want to happen."  
For the next 10 minutes Bob was assuring this guy his wife enjoys playing
  the slut and loves things rough. But it almost seemed like he wasn't being
  believed. Bob didn't want to pass up this golden opportunity. In a short time
  he was agreeing to totally accept whatever Phil's plans would encompass. He
  didn't bring up any of the safeguards he felt he would require, nor exactly
  how and what he wanted on the video. The only thing he wanted was for this
  guy to agree to play along.  
"Ok, here is what I have planned. I have 3 different video cameras I can
  hide to get different angles. I will e-mail you a full list of instructions
  for you. They will have how I want your wife to dress, what she thinks you
  guys will be doing and finally an outline of what will take place."  
When asked if Bob had any questions he couldn't help but ask if he thought
  at Phil's age and stuff could he physically handle his wife if she struggles
  a lot.  
"Don't you worry, young man. I have an equalizer. A little chloroform on
  a gag and she'll be out for a few minutes until it's too late for any struggling
  from even the wildest hell cat. You, of course, will have to fake being zapped.
  Once I cuff her to a pole or fence depending on the location I pick out, she'll
  be completely in the frame of mind that she has really been abducted." Trent
  let out a fake cough. "Maybe after some whipping and other abuse, I could blindfold
  her and you could come out from hiding and fuck her yourself if you want. She'll
  think she's really getting raped."  
Bob wasn't too keen on using anything like chloroform on his wife but he
  was afraid to prohibit anything the man suggested. In spite of this, Bob found
  himself grinning from ear to ear as he thought about Sue's reaction to what
  she had fantasized for so long. "Maybe if I use a little Viagra, you think
  I could get a piece of her too?" he seemed to choked out.  
Bob was more than willing to let the old guy get a go at her. They had two
  more beers and talked before the old man said he had to get going if he was
  to find a set up and stuff.  
"Listen, I don't know if you'll incur any cost for this set up but if you
  do let me know what they will be and I'll be glad to reimburse you for them." Bob
  eagerly informed him.  
"We'll I didn't want to bring that up but, the motel room I figured we'd
  bring her to later runs about $70 a night." Trent lied.  
Immediately Bob open his wallet. He was thinking more in terms of several
  hundred for cost. This was just going great. "Here's a hundred. Let me know
  later if I owe you anything more."  
Trent barely was able to hold back his laughter. "Oh, one more thing. Like
  I said, it might be the old cop in me, but I feel I need a little protection
  for myself." Bob had no idea what he was talking about. "I kind of wrote out
  this form saying this is a mutually agreed upon arrangement and that I can't
  be held liable or any shit like that if,&hellip;. well you know."  
Bob completely reassured him he understood and signed the last copy of the
  papers that he only briefly glanced at. The top page stated something about
  this only being a planned stunt by Robert Banks for his wife. Bob didn't need
  to read anything more. They weren't going to double cross the old fart to get
  him arrested but how could he know they were an up straight couple. He was
  a pretty savvy old guy at that.  
Half way home Bob began jerking himself off in the car as he couldn't stop
  thinking ahead.  
-- -  
Upon snapping his fingers 3 times, his quickly trained slut had her ass up
  in the air. Larry unzipped himself and shoved his throbbing dick in her open
  hole. "Thank you master. Thank you for fucking this slut's unworthy ass." She
  proclaimed the way Larry instructed her to respond to a fucking. As a matter
  of fact Larry added rather a lot of extra things she better immediately respond
  or reply to. He was way too excited to last very long and soon dumped his load
  up her tight ass.  
When he finally pulled out of her, Larry ordered her to squat and place her
  hand under ass to catch the cum as it leaks from her hole. It took a lot for
  her to follow his orders and lick the cum afterwards. Between the punishments
  and just wanting to get rid of this asshole as soon as possible, Sue complied
  with the degrading command.  
Finally Larry was leaving. "Don't forget. Hubby is to get his night-night
  capsules no sooner than 7:30 and no later than 8 tonight. See yaw later slut."  
Sue said goodbye master as she remained on the patio in position one.  
*** TO BE CONTINUED ****  
Chapter 16 Larry &amp; Susan Become Closer  
Once Susan was sure Larry was gone, she nearly ran to the kitchen to grab
  the key to the collar. Upon taking the lid off the tea pot, all she saw was
  a folded note. "I told you only with my direct permission, slut. And I don't
  consider your hubby coming home or your embarrassment of any kind an emergence.
  I want you to know and feel what you are, as well as feel my power around your
  throat."  
Sue struggled with the small lock and collar for a little while before realizing
  if she somehow did get it off, she would probably be cruelly punished later
  for damaging it.  
- - --  
Susan was preparing dinner when Bob surprised her by coming home an hour
  earlier than normal. The black collar she had on was a little weird but he
  didn't comment. Lately she had a lot of surprises. Sue had turned the collar
  so only the studs showed in the front.  
"How's my sexy slut wife?" he teasingly asked. The words had an impact. Not
  as an insult but rather for there reality.  
After Sue asked how Bob's day went the question came back to her. Bob noticed
  how his wife's demure seemed to change by the question. "What's wrong?" he
  asked.  
Susan so badly want to tell him. She wanted to tell him everything about
  how Larry had started to blackmail her. She desperately wanted to come clean
  with her extra ordeals but tonight didn't seem like the right time. First of
  all Bob was in a great mood for the first time in a week. But mostly because
  she still had to work out a way to prevent Larry from damaging her husband's
  career with what he had on her. So instead of fessing up, she began to pamper
  him with dinner and a back massage afterwards.  
Bob let out a sigh of contentment as she finished up with his back. "I want
  you so bad, tonight." He told his sexy wife. Bob couldn't see the tear in her
  eye. It was already 7:45. She had to slip him the sedative soon. "Ok, tiger." She
  replied. "How about a drink first?"  
"I think if I had anything to drink, I might fall asleep after that massage." He
  replied.  
"Come on big boy. Are you afraid I might take advantage of you?" Sue felt
  like crap playing him like this.  
The drugs worked quickly. Sue understood why Larry was insistent on such
  a tight time frame. Sue helped her husband up to the bed. What little consciousness
  remained, Bob kept apologizing for his sudden tiredness. Sue went down and
  finished washing the dishes. She couldn't hold back the tears as she worked.  
9:10 pm, the front door opened. The weasel snuck in. Even 90% sure she would
  obey, Larry wasn't about to take any chances. He came up behind her. "Did you
  do it?" The startled wife assured him she did. "Good. Why is my collar turned
  around like that slut?"  
Sue explained but he assured her she would be punished for such lack of obedience. "Where
  is he and what time did you knock him out?" The wording hit Sue hard. She had
  drugged her own husband.  
"Strip." Was his one word command.  
Not that Susan ever thought there was a chance in hell that he would go easy
  on her, she still let out a sigh of disappointment when the command came. She
  was totally naked in a few seconds.  
What concerned her the most was him picking up a case and camera he had placed
  near the front door. What more does he want? She thought to herself. What now?
  Larry clipped the leash to his collar that was locked around her neck.  
Larry made her crawl up the stairs in front of him. This wasn't good she
  thought as they approached their bedroom. "Please Larry, John is in there.
  If he waked up now&hellip;.." Her words trailed off as she thought of the hurt
  he would have seeing her naked, on a leash and obeying a man she knew her husband
  detested. She knew she must obey this prick for she shuttered to think just
  how much more hurt it would have been if John ever knew what she had all done
  with him.  
"Old hubby ain't going to wake up even if we brought in a marching band.
  The strength will keep him in a deep sleep, for no less than 6 hours and probably
  a full 8-10. We're just going to have a little fun and let John join in with
  my slut this time."  
Susan pleaded with him. She promised to fuck him real good if they just went
  back downstairs. "Not a problem. I wouldn't want you to do anything you don't
  want to cunt. I'll just use John's computer over there to enter a few things
  and I'll be on my way since you don't want to obey."  
Susan knew what and how he said this, it wasn't good. She watched as he slipped
  a disk into one of the drives. In seconds literally dozens of compromising
  pictures of her flashed as they loaded. Larry whistled as he typed and told
  her he had just implanted a program that will automatically send off a file
  of 52 pictures of her fucking strangers to exposing and letting kids feel up
  her cunt on a baseball field. "I think for starters will adress them to John's
  boss, coworkers as well as be a permanent screen saver for John's own computer.
  Sue nearly screamed no. She looked toward Bob who didn't even stir from her
  protest. "Please no, Larry. Please I beg you, don't do this to us. It will
  ruin Bob. It will ruin our lives."  
"Well there is a password I could stop the program from running but to get
  it you would have to be an extremely obedient slut for me to consider giving
  it to you."  
Sue's head once again hung down in defeat. "I'll do anything you say."  
"Anything, cunt?" he asked.  
"Yes anything."  
"Good now get your ass in bed next to hubby while I set up my camera and
  make sure we don't miss a shot here tonight." Larry busied himself while Sue
  layed naked awaiting an ordeal she knew would be terrible.  
Finally when he was ready he told her to review a small outline of what he
  wanted her to do. He showed her cue cards she would be reading and he assured
  her if she didn't come across as being sincere he would pack up and leave her
  naked ass to deal with her own consequences.  
The blonde shuttered at what she read and what was expected of her. And yet
  she knew she would do her best to please this scumbag.  
"Ready and begin." Sue noted the red record light lit up on the camera.  
Sue began to fondle Bob. She was acting as directed as if to get him excited.
  Surprisingly to her, she actually got Bob's dick to become erect with her actions
  but of course with him unconscious that is all she could get from him.  
Sue spoke her lines. "You are worthless to my horny cunt. I need cocks. I
  need lots of cock in me and all you do is sleep."  
Sue layed back as the outline directed and began playing with herself. "I
  wish I had a real man." From behind the camera, Larry appeared. He wore a ski
  mask so not to be identified on camera. Sue reached out to him. Lying right
  next to her husband, she unzipped Larry's pants and proceeded to suck his already
  hard dick until he was ready to fuck her. As prearranged, she pretended to
  be cock hungry and guided him into her wet pussy. Tears welled up in her eyes
  as she was fucked this bastard right next to her husband. Then in spite of
  the tremendous humiliation she was feeling, her body responded to his thrusting
  within her. She actually fought cumming but was too far gone. They nearly climaxed
  together. Larry gave her a prearranged signal and she began to grown and rambling
  about how good a real man's dick felt inside her.  
Larry was a little disappointed that he could detect her voice cracking to
  the point of near tears as she spoke her lines. "Fuck me. Fuck me. Oh yes fuck
  me good, not like that limp dick next to me."  
Suddenly, Larry had an idea. He whispered into Sue's ears. Her tear filled
  eyes widened but knew she had no choice. Larry dismounted her. At first he
  wasn't sure she would go through with what he told her but when he pointed
  toward the computer in the corner of the room she began to move.  
Sue positioned her cum dripping cunt over her husband's sleeping face. "Here!
  This is what a real man can give your slut wife." She said as a combination
  of Larry's cum and her own juiced dripped over Bob's face and lips, until she
  was drained.  
Suddenly she heard a finger snap and saw Larry off camera holding one of
  his cue cards up for her to see. "This slut needs more cocks. A lot more cocks." She
  announced. Larry turned off the camera. Sue burst into tears and in spite of
  all of Larry's threats she could not hold back a flurry of obscenities toward
  him.  
This minor rebellion meant nothing to Larry Parker. He knew she was in his
  complete control right now. And by the time he finished this short film he
  knew there was absolutely nothing she wouldn't do to prevent her husband from
  ever seeing his new production. "You got ten minutes to clean yourself up and
  put on fresh make up. Then get your fuck ass back in here. We're going to go
  out and have some fun."  
 Upon returning, Susan discovered an outfit Larry had brought for her to
  wear. It was sort of a toga dress. The top was a deep plunging thin strap top
  that was totally open in the back and tied around her neck. Nearly half of
  her tits were uncovered on the sides while the so called neckline plunged below
  her navel. The skirt was nothing more than extremely short square panels front
  and back. Neither was more than 6" squares and covered barely enough to consider
  the dress "almost" legal in public.  
The white material was a direct contrast to the black dog collar with the "Cum
  Sucking Cunt" tag so clearly centered above her cleavage. She was told to wear
  her flashing fuck me heels. Larry attached what looked like thin yet strong
  silver bracelets around each wrists. She was surprised when she heard the bracelets
  ratchet shut. He positioned her hands behind her back and another click locked
  both ring braclets together trappign her wrists together. Finally, once again,
  he clipped the leash to the front ring in her collar.  
Larry led her by the leash. She couldn't believe he was about to take her
  outside dressed so sluttishly. Her jiggling breasts nearlign peakign out of
  the sides of the top with every step and yet with her wrists locked behind
  her back she could do nothing ti hide or even adjust her near exposure. "Come
  cunt. We are going to find you all those cocks you begged for earlier."  
--  
For the next 4 hours, Larry paraded his toy around to the bars and clubs
  he was so often ignored or ridiculed at. He ordered his slut slave to service
  any and all cocks with her mouth, cunt and ass that he wanted to impress. All
  the while he filmed her with the cocks and if they permitted, the stranger
  she fucked. Sue knew with these movies, she would never be rid of him. Life
  would be pure hell and get worse.  
It was around 3:15 am when Sue dragged her cum filled and covered body back
  into the house. She showered and scrubbed and cried. Finally she crept into
  their bed. Bob stirred just slightly but did not wake as his wife finally came
  to bed with him. She estimated she fucking some 20 different men tonight and
  sucked off many more.  
----  
As Larry Parker layed in his own bed, he was already imagining the dozens
  of options now available to him with the beautiful blonde. She would do anything
  first to avoid exposing her actions to her husband but now he also knew how
  far she would go to try and protect her husband's job. If this night was any
  example of what she was, sort of speaking, "willing to do", he was sure he
  could push her beyond any limits she ever imagined. Never again would he be
  disregarded or laughed at. It didn't matter if the respect he would buy with
  his sexy slut was disingenus. What mattered was the slut he had on the end
  of his leash would get him in with those he wished to associate with.  
Just tonight, he had Bob's wife crawling on all fours into his favorite bar.
  Everyone at Ace's stopped what they were doing and just sat dumbfounded while
  Larry led this sexy slut by a leash. He remembered the look on several of the
  guys who so often blew him off as a bullshitter or at least a jerk, who probably
  couldn't score with a $10 hooker let alone a half way attractive woman. And
  yet here he had this enchanting thing on her knees behind him following him
  as if she wanted to do anything he asked of her.  
Two of the women who were there noticed his puppy had on a wedding ring.
  None of the guys even looked beyond her gorgeous tits, naked ass and cunt showing
  from under the skimpy dress. Larry walked her around the room several times
  giving everyone a great look. Her tits barely contained under the thin strips
  of the top jiggled invitingly while she crawled about.  
Once Larry felt he had paraded his slut around enough, he took a seat at
  the bar among those who doubted him. Larry snapped his fingers once. At first
  Susan had almost forgotten her training. Larry was upset that he needed to
  repeat this audio command. His angered look at her was enough to remind her
  to pay attention and obey her master's commands rather than worry about her
  humiliation, exposure and now degradation here in this public bar. She quickly
  moved to her spread legs and assume the kneeling position with her hands interlaced
  behind her neck. The pose before them was so humiliating. But for Larry's part,
  he could barely contain his grin. He knew they all were amazed he held the
  leash to such a slut.  
Without the slightest of objection, his bar mates watched him pull on the
  few strings which held the meager cover she was wearing. Susan bit her lips
  from the public humiliation but also because she couldn't deny how her cunt
  was twitching and dampening beyond control. And yet without any hesitation
  she exposed her oozing cunt just because fucken Larry snapped his fingers.  
Larry snapped twice and she began licking Larry's shoe. The bastard enjoyed
  every minute of is trained slut's obedience. The expected third snap found
  Sue bent over with her ass up in the air. Larry probed her ass with the tip
  of his shoe and yet she remained still.  
Finally the dreaded four snaps. Once again Susan was more than aware how
  she appeared. Laying before strangers with her legs spread wide open. Basically
  inviting a cocks which she soon got. Not just one but every cock in the bar.  
But this was just the first of Larry's three favorite haunts. Only when he
  felt his slut had somehow made him somewhat of a bar room legion did he allow
  his cum filled and soaked slut to climb and ride in the truck of his car.  
Ah yes. Larry was just beginning to imagine what he could do next with such
  a dedicated slut.  
*** TO BE CONTINUED ***  
 
  { If you want to know more about this author, I just updated my profile so click on my name at the top of the page.} 
 








Susan Banks          (Summerville)







 
  .
   jim
  2
  83
  2007-01-31T16:29:00Z
  2007-03-18T22:41:00Z
  2007-03-18T22:41:00Z
  1
  4380
  24966
  208
  58
  29288
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








CHAPTER 17 ( NO REST FOR THE WICKED )

&nbsp;

Trent found
several good places for dropping the net on his new acquisition and dealing
with her husband. To assure things would go off with as little real skirmish as
possible he would have to play out the scenario until he neutralized Bob. His
plan was for both the husband and himself to totally render Susan helpless,
perhaps enjoy her body and cunt some before actually moving to the next phase
and the nights real purpose.

&nbsp;

He sent off a deliberately vague outline of the evening in
an e-mail to Bob.

&nbsp;

Bob,

&nbsp;

I have the perfect
location for your wifes kidnapping and eventual rape scene. (Of course Trent
did not disclose the actual location to prevent any possibility of Bob relating
any of this to anyone else.) I would
suggest you visit one of those clothing resale stores and buying a nice but
inexpensive dress for your wife to wear. First off we want to have her have the
impression this is a special night and give her the feeling of some elegance so
try to find something that can give her such a sensation. The purpose of buying
it from a second hand store, of course, is the fact it
will be ripped from her body, hopefully delivering the sense of going from a
classy night out to lowly alley rape victim in a matter of minutes. This simple
to achieve change in status alone will most assuredly put her into and hold her
in a frame of mind of believability for the nights ordeal.

&nbsp;

As a subconscious
reassurance her plight is hopeless make sure you phone a friend or neighbor while
she is in your presence and say these exact words, Hey, its Bob. Sue and I
will be on a little excursion and may not be home for a couple of days. If you
get a chance could you check on the house for us. We
shouldnt be gone too long.

&nbsp;

This is just to give
your wife a sense of lost hope about anyone looking for her once she realizes
she has been kidnapped. Its a powerful thought that no matter what you guys
wouldnt be missed for awhile. Trust me it works.

&nbsp;

Lastly, make sure you
dont tell anyone of these plans. Something this kinky isnt a subject the best
of friends can keep a secret about.

&nbsp;

On Friday morning,
Ill send you a quick note as to where to go and how to go about creating a
situation where she will eventually be attacked.

&nbsp;

I have much to do and
need to get me some Viagra for you know what buddy.

&nbsp;

DB Slaver

&nbsp;

Bob got very aroused imaging Susan in some sort of elegant
evening wear and having it torn from her body while struggling in ropes. He
hated to admit it to himself but it was a fantasy he had always thought about.
But he was a little skeptical about this calling his neighbor and telling him
they would be gone away for a while. After all during their initial meeting,
they agreed that the ordeal shouldnt last much more than 12  14 hours. Bob
was concern anything more might be too much even for his kinky wife.

&nbsp;

Hell, I guess its just for mental impact he told himself. Bob
decided this DB Slaver probably had a lot more experience and he should just
follow all his advice.

&nbsp;

As instructed, Bob deleted the e-mail and went into the
bathroom, once again imagining his gorgeous wifes reaction to being stripped
naked and perhaps fucked in an alley.

&nbsp;

- - -

&nbsp;

Meanwhile, someone else who was thinking of the same blonde
naked and paying homage to his cock, was dialing Susan
cell phone. Slut, this is Master Larry. Make up any excuse you want but you
will be meeting me on the corner of Jackson and Platt at 9 tonight.

&nbsp;

Please Larry. This is the first night Bob and I have a
chance to be alone. Please, Ill do what you want tomorrow night or

&nbsp;

Larry cut her pleading short. Shut the fuck up cunt. Jackson and Platt in Bryerwood at 9 tonight. You are to wear
only a long t-shirt, your collar and those fuck me heels. Its time you paid
old Larry back for being so good to you. Some rich fuck who heard about your
bar exploited from the other night is willing to pay some big bucks for a few
hours with your ass and if you dont want old Bobby to get a pre-released copy
of your video whoring in my own bed, then youll be there, on time. Larry hung
up knowing damn well she would do it. His hand rubbed his cock. Damn had he
fallen into a good thing or what? First he got himself a fantastic piece of
slut ass and now some horny dude was willing to pay him a grand to rent it. Man
if he could get himself a few contacts like this he bet and when the word got
out that his slut slave would do anything, the price would skyrocket.

&nbsp;

-------- -

&nbsp;

Bob was so psyched about the whole set up Strict Master had
sent him that he went right out to buy Susan a dress. However he did not go to
a clothing resale store. He knew exactly the style of dress he wanted to see
his wife be grabbed and raped in. Or more accurately wore before it was torn
from her.

&nbsp;

Bob wasnt sure if Sue was a size 6 or 8. It was always one
of those things over their years of marriage when he bought presents that it
seemed her sizes changed. In reality Sue was a perfect size 6 however some
cheaper dress cuts werent roomy on top for Sue tits. She would complain but
Bob loved the look of her full breasts oozing out of a tight top.

&nbsp;

Exactly what type of an affair will the outfit be worn at ? the sales lady asked.

&nbsp;

Ah, well shell be meeting a new friend of mine for the
first time and we want to make a real good impression on him. Bob snickered.
The sales lady suggested a nice pants suit and blazer top to be a little
conservative.

&nbsp;

Ah no. I mean Ive been talking
her up to him and we want to kind of,  well show her
off if you know what I mean. The sales clerk raised an eyebrow but went and
picked three nice summer dresses. It wasnt at all what Bob wanted but felt embarrassed
even suggesting something more revealing. He wondered how his wife could deal
with all the humiliation and exposure she went through over the past weeks.
Just trying to buy a revealing dress was embarrassing him. Im sorry but, well
she feels kind of frisky about this meeting and I was
thinking something sexier.

&nbsp;

When the older sales clerk pulled two more dresses off racks
she was actually being patronizing and never expected them to be considered. That one. Bob eagerly pointed to a shinny silver dress the
sales clerk felt was designed more for a college girl going to a night club
rather than some 30 year old going to meet her husbands new friend.

&nbsp;

Are you sure sir. This dips
drastically low in back and is pretty short for a lady.

&nbsp;

No, no, she was looking at something along this line the
other week. Shell love it.

&nbsp;

The sales clerk was sure this wasnt the type of dress some
married woman would want for such an event. Men can be so stupid when it comes
to womens clothing. Too many hot babes on TV or in their magazines wearing
stuff no one in their right mind would walk out in public in. Oh you said she
might be a size 8. Im sorry but we only have this in a 6. She lied in hopes
to persuade him to look for something else.

&nbsp;

Ill take it. Bob excitedly replied.

&nbsp;

-- --- -

&nbsp;

When will this ever end? Sue thought as she prepared
another drink that would knock her husband out for the night so she could meet
up with the scum ball Larry Parker. I cant keep doing this. The bastard will
never let up. She knew this now. Susan promised herself she would come
completely clean about what has been happening to her and how Larry has been
blackmailing her. She knew Bob would be very upset with her for letting this
all get out of hand but she knew he would eventually forgive her and figure a
way out of this predicament. In spite of the videos the fucker had of her, she
figured once Larry was told Bob knew everything his hold on her and them would
be drastically lessen. 

&nbsp;

As she thought this over she also realized she had better
not give Larry any indication of her intentions of confessing all to her
husband or the weasel might come up with something more that they could not get
out of. In spite of her fervent hatred for him, Sue knew she had to make Larry
believe he had broken her of any reluctance on her part. It made her stomach
turn to visualizing herself submitting to whatever he wanted of her tonight but
that was what she must do to get through this. Then she would play out Bobs
planned ordeal to make him happy and finally begin to put and end to all this.

&nbsp;

-- -

&nbsp;

What do you say we go on up stairs early this evening? Bob
asked as they finished up the dinner dishes.

&nbsp;

Its only 6:30, honey. Sue replied.

&nbsp;

I know but I have a big evening planned for you, well us,
tomorrow night and I think we should get a lot of rest but first I was hoping
you could take care of a certain urge I have dealt with all day thinking of you
and tomorrow. Bob looked down at his crotch and grabbed the bulge in his
pants. Sue knew they had plenty of time before she would have to meet up with
Larry but also knew she could let Bob fall off to sleep on his own without the
sleeping potion or he might awaken before she returned home. Bob pulled her arm
and they went up to the bedroom together.

&nbsp;

It had been some time since Bob had been this aggressive in
bed with her. Whatever had stirred his loins was one hell of an aphrodisiac.
Bob pounded away at her cunt but wasnt seeing himself
fucking his wife but rather the slut slave she would be tomorrow night. While Susan relished in the pleasure of this rare opportunity to
make love with her husband rather than being fucked by some many strangers
cocks.

&nbsp;

Both were panting as his spent cock remained in her hot
pussy. Bob closed his eyes and enjoyed his wifes still convulsing pussy. Her knew he was a lucky man to have such a sexy wife. In his
mind, he was sure tomorrow night would be beyond any experience she could
imagine. He only hoped he hadnt planned too much for her. Bob finally rolled
off her luscious body.

&nbsp;

Sue looked over at the clock. It was 7:15. Still too early for the normal dose of knockout
drugs for him however now well fucked, she knew even this early in the evening
her husband could drift off to sleep soon. I feel like a glass of wine. How
about you honey? she asked.

&nbsp;

No thanks. Your hot pussy was all I needed. He said
kissing one of her breast.

&nbsp;

Oh come on. Have one glass with me. I dont want to drink
alone. She lied.

&nbsp;

Bob agreed and was about to get out of bed to get them when
she jumped naked from her side of the bed and told him, just lay back and she
would serve him.

&nbsp;

Bob watched her sexy naked ass as she left the room to get
the wine. You bet you will be serving me and probably old DB Slave tomorrow
night. Just the thought of her helplessly spread out was working its magic on his cock again.

&nbsp;

When Susan returned with the two glasses he was in no mood to
sip wine with her but for whatever reason she insisted he sit up and drink. Bob
took a small sip and put his glass on the bedside table. You know I think I
could get it up again in a little while you sexy thing, you.

&nbsp;

Susan smiled to hide her own guilt. Here her husband was
showing her all the attention any wife craves and she was in the process of
knocking him out for the count to meet up with that fucken bastard Larry. Sue
lean over and picked his glass back up. A toast to my
husband, who is one hell of a tiger tonight.

&nbsp;

Bob really didnt want the wine but because of her insistence
he downed the remainder before pushing her back on her side of the bed.

&nbsp;

Sue spread herself open and he worked his semi hard cock
back up into her still very wet pussy. He slowly began to work his dick in and
out when the heavier than normal spiked drink began to take its
affects. Sue kissed him knowing what he thought was his failure to continue was
her fault. Im. sorry honey. Maybe give me a few minutes more to get it up. I
think I shouldnt have drank the wine so fast. I
feel. Bob dropped off into the heavy drugged unconsciousness. Once again, Sue
kissed her husband. Im so sorry honey. Honestly, I am. She said ash she
covered him up and slipped out of bed to begin to get ready for her
appointment.

&nbsp;

Sue showered and made herself up. Putting on make up to look
good for such a scumbag was difficult, but she kept telling herself once again
she had to suppress any hate toward Larry and make him think he was breaking
her. She put one of Bobs long t-shirts on which along with her fuck me heels
was the only clothing he indicated she would be allowed. 

&nbsp;

One more time she kissed her deeply sleeping husbands cheek
before leaving the house. It was 8:30.
Not all that late and she didnt like the idea of walking out the door in just
the shirt. She hoped none of her neighbors would see her. She was lucky. The
only neighbor she spotted was 4 doors down. Sue hurried into the car. The
shortness of the 

t-shirt allowed little cover once
she seated. Her hairless cunt and her ass peeked out as the shirt pulled back.
At least the car would conceal her situation. Sue reached into her bag and took
out the dog collar. She dutifully locked it around her neck knowing this simple
act signified from that moment until her release, she was Larry slut slave.

&nbsp;

All kinds of thoughts ran through her head as she drove to
the appointed location. She had concerns of Bob possibly waking and finding her
gone. How could she ever explain what had all transpired.
She of course was leery every time a truck or those big SUVs came along side
her. A woman alone in a car often gets a glance from most men. Sues looks got
her a fair share more. The trouble was wearing only a t-shirt made her appear
to be wearing either and extremely short skirt less. The later of course being
the case. Several times some guy tried to get her attention but she refused to
look toward anyone calling out to her from the other vehicle. Lastly, most
assuredly, she began thinking what perverted time was Larry planning for her
and who was this other guy who was willing to pay him to use her? 

&nbsp;

Sue hated the fact that the very thought of being paid for
or sold to another made her pussy twitch. She never had any fantasies of being
a hooker or anything like that but she knew, as sick as it was, that the very thought
of someone wanting to pay for her body and probably more was exciting her. This
coupled with the fact that no matter what he looked like or seemed like, she would be helpless under Larrys domination to do
anything about any of this.

&nbsp;

Sue kept telling herself she hated the very idea. She hated
being forced into all this. She was not that kind of person and yet her hand
dabbed up a slight trickle of her own cunt juices as she approached the Jackson
and Platt.

&nbsp;

Susan had never been in this section of Bryerwood before.
Being somewhat of a more industrial area, the only time Bob and her ever went
to Bryerwood was to pick up building or gardening supplies. As she drove down Jackson
she began to wonder if she had the right address. Then she spotted Larrys car.
He flashed his lights as if this was some kind of spy mission. Sue pulled her
car behind his and stepped out.

&nbsp;

All mine! Larry thought as the stunning blonde approached
in her flashing high heels. Give me the t-shirt. Susan stopped. She glanced
around and was about to protest. I said take the fucken shirt off now slave.
Sue looked around in a panic. If you dont give me that shirt in 5 seconds
well be doing this on Main
  Street. 

&nbsp;

Sue knew he meant it and would do it. She immediately pulled
the shirt up over her head. He told her to toss it over to him. Although she
hadnt seen anyone the last two block while driving
her, she was in a panic as she stood naked out on the street. Larry enjoyed not
only her naked humiliation but more so his power over her to make her do such a
thing. 

&nbsp;

Larry was holding a bag in his hand and tossed it to her
when she was within a few feet. Put this on slut and get your ass in the car.
I dont want to be late.

&nbsp;

At first she was extremely relieved to get anything to put
on but when she took a couple identical articles of clothing out of the bag,
she looked puzzled. There were two tube tops but no skirt. She soon learn one of the tight scanty stretchy tube tops was her
skirt. The tight bottom just cross an inch under her
shaved cunt. While the bottoms of her curvy ass cheeks poked out from behind.
Larry was very satisfied by the look. Coupled with the collar and fuck me
heels, the whole look screamed slut. 

&nbsp;

During the short walk over to Larrys car, Susan had to pull
the bottom of the so called skirt down twice. Any movement or the slightest
bend exposed her front and back. Susan knew it made no sense to complain. Hed
only make things worse if she did.

&nbsp;

Larry snapped his finger. Sue wasnt prepared to react as he
wanted. Here she just changed clothing out on a street and looked cheaper than
any hooker she ever saw in the movies. You fucken cunt.
Cant you remember anything. One snap
is position one. Sue begged him to forgive her as she dropped to her knees and
locked her hands behind her head as required. Larry would have loved to have
come up with some kind of humiliating punishment but they were pressed for
time. He was however delighted with the effects of her number one position. By
kneeling with her legs spread the bottom tube top used as the skirt simply slither
up around her waist leaving her cunt completely exposed. Also with her arms up
and hands laced behind her neck, the skimpy tight top also slink
up her on hefty tits. The taunt underside elastic of the petite tube top
was edging all the way to the bottom of her tits nipples. It wouldnt take
much for the top to pop off her smashed mounds.

&nbsp;

Perfect. Was all the bastard said as he noted both tight
stretchy tubes basically essentially automatically raised up to expose his slut
as if they were curtains opening on stage. Bend over cunt. We got to stretch
that asshole of yours for some possible heavy use tonight.

&nbsp;

Susan sighed but refrained from even attempting to protest
when she spotted the outrageously large bulbous plug he began lubricating.
Larry gave her little time to try and relax her asshole before forcing the
thick rubber plug up in to her backside. At least he was using lubricant, she thought
to herself. Susan let out a grunt when
the large plum finally seated it self past her tight opening. She slowly raised up
trying somehow to tolerate her packed ass. 

&nbsp;

Larry laughed at his slut. He couldnt decide whether her
humiliation or pain was more entertaining to him. Get your ass in the car we
got to go. And oh, you might want to consider covering your fucken ass and tit
before you get yourself arrested. 

&nbsp;

In spite of being a little late Larry just couldnt resist
humiliating the submissively ensnared wife even further. He commanded her to bounce
upon the plug while they drove. Knowing all the while that
the massive plug would feel like to her back hole. It felt like Sue was being
raped by a horse.

&nbsp;

Oh life was so good for him, he thought as they drove to the
very same bar he first met this slut when Bob and he meet one evening months
ago. Susan would soon know this was a bar they use to patronize often before
Pam came into their lives. Many of Bobs old friends could be in there most any
night. Larry was fully aware of this. Just one more way to
humiliate the slut. He picked out the bar when he set up meeting his
slut slaves very first paying client.

&nbsp;

As they pulled into the parking lot of the Pinewood Susan
let out a shrieking cry. Nooo, no not here. Please
Larry. This will get back to Bob for sure.

&nbsp;

Shut the fuck up cunt. Maybe if you work fast and finish up
with this client, you might just get out of here before someone real important
sees you. Lets just say this is to ensure you dont hesitate with anything
demanded of you slut. And understand this, if you piss me or the client off for
any reason what so ever, any reason at all, you will be stripping and doing lap
dances in there to make up for the money you blow for me so you better not show the slightest reluctance. Susan eyes were
filling with tears when he grabbed her hair and pulled her head back. Do you
understand slut? Susan nodded yes.

&nbsp;

When they walked into the lounge, Sue did a quick look
around. It was hard to see everyone considering the dimness of the environment
but other than the bartender, Ken and an old guy and his wife whos name Sue could not recall at the moment, she didnt
notice any of Bobs old friends in the place. Then again it wasnt a weekend
yet. Still being so skimpily dressed as she was, Susan
and Larry quickly got the attention of everyone in her outer bar area.

&nbsp;

Wooo, hey there sweat cheeks, that is one hell of an almost
outfit you have on. What do you call it, a cloth recession design? Someone
from a booth asked. Ken the bartender noticed just whos ass and tits werent,
by any stretch of the imagination, conceal in the twin bands. Sue? Is that you
Sue? he asked.

&nbsp;

Susan blushed even deeper than she already was when the
bartender recognized her. Her hand unconsciously went up to hide the collar locked
on her neck. Larry noticed this and slapped it away.

&nbsp;

When the bartender started to say something about this Larry
just informed him she was with him and to mind his own business. He knew the
slut was his to do as he pleased with and unlike Sue, he didnt care who knew
it. Predictably, everyone in the bar by this point was looking at her as
nothing more than a trampy slut. This was just the way Larry liked things.

&nbsp;

Sue could feel both tiny elastic bands once again beginning
to sliding up. Her attempt to disguise her abatement of this movement was
spotted by Larry. To her horror she heard the bastard snap his fingers once.
She forced herself to obediently respond and the second her knees hit the floor
and her hands went up behind her head, both of the insignificant tubes snapped
up. A roar went up at the bar as her tits wobbled free and her cunt and ass
became fully exposed.

&nbsp;

Holy shit look at them tits! someone exclaimed.

&nbsp;

Fuck the tits. The look at that thing shoved up her ass.

&nbsp;

Sue thought she was going to be sick. Considering all the
humiliations Larry the bastard had put her though, this felt like it was the
worse. Maybe because this was so close to home. With a few people who have a
slight acquaintance with her and her husband. She knew she had to obey but just
how far could she go?

&nbsp;

I believe that cunt and ass is scheduled for me.
Came a voice from one of the booths.

&nbsp;

Larry left Sue exposed and spread open on her knees as he
went to the concealed booth. Sues heart was pounding. To the delight of the
customers enjoying her quandary, they watched her tits rise and fall with each involuntary
seductive breath. 

&nbsp;

From where Sue knelt she could not see the man Larry was
talking to, however she did see him hand Larry an envelope which he opened and
looked inside before stuffing it in his coat pocket.

&nbsp;

Larry got up and ordered Sue to remove the two rolled up
elastic tubes and bend over one of the barstools. Its time to warm up this bitches ass. Larry announced to the bar patrons? Are there
any objections?

&nbsp;

Sue was a little surprised that not one person what was
taking place in this bar was considered a bit too illicit. Not one person saw a
vulnerable woman being ordered to expose herself and obey commands but instead
only saw a piece of slut ass and apparently wanted to see what would happen
next.

&nbsp;

Larry pulled Sues wrists all the way down to the stool
bottom wrung and locked them there with handcuffs. Her plugged ass was held up
high on the seat but this wasnt enough. Larry proceeded to tie her upper
thighs apart on the stool legs. Her cunt and ass spread lewdly open.

&nbsp;

Anyone wanting to help redden this sluts ass may take their
turn with five lashes each. And can get a second turn until she has received 50
lashes.

&nbsp;

Larry lean down towards Sues head.
Tell the people this is ok with you and you want this slut.

&nbsp;

Sue knew there was nothing she could do to stop this but
could only make things worse by disobeying. I accept my beating. she said.

&nbsp;

Larry corrected her and whispered in her ear exactly what to
say.

&nbsp;

Please whip Master Larrys sluts ass as hard as you can.
She tried to sincerely implore.

&nbsp;

What happen from that point on for the next half hour or so
became a blur to Sue. Various degrees of lashes rained over her taunt open
bottom. Her upper thighs and ass burned when it was over. Larry untied and
recuffed her hands behind her back before attaching the leash to her collar and
leading her naked and blindfolded out of the bar, leaving the joke of an outfit
on the bar room floor. Sometime during her ass whooping, the stranger Larry had
spoken to and obviously received payment from, left the place.

&nbsp;

He lead her way out behind the bar
and past some storage building. Suddenly Larrys tugging on the leash stopped her
and she heard a gasp, a brief struggle and finally what sounded like a moan
from Larry. What is happening? she asked in a frightened whisper? 

&nbsp;

No one answered, however, her leash was pulled upward and
she soon discovered it was affixed to what felt like a chain link fence.

&nbsp;

After trying to make out what some other sounds were about
she could tell someone was near her. Master Larry is that you? The only
answer was a shocking touch to her shamingly wet cunt. The sound of a zipper
and some heavy breathing was followed by the warm feeling of a hard cock
pushing up into her. Whether it was all the humiliation and sexual stimulations
Sue had endured over the past hours or simply the acceptance at some point
lately shed been just succumbing to the fact she truly was the slut others saw
her as, she responded to the cock sliding up into her cunt. She fucked back as enthusiastically
as he pounded her. And the climax that followed was incredible. So much so that
she passed out and nearly cut off her own breath when she went limp and hung
from the collar and leash which was still attached to the fence.

&nbsp;

Sue awoke still naked, cuffed and blindfolded only she could
tell she was on a back seat of a moving car. Her ass was still stuffed but
whatever it was it felt like s metal plug. Master Larry? she weary asked. The
fact she didnt get a smartass reply or comment scared Sue. He mind began to
race. Was she being kidnapped? It dawn on her how perfectly easily it could be
since neither her drugged husband at home nor anyone else knew where she might
be. Trent knew how easily this
could be too but he had a more elaborate arrangement which dealt with all the
loose end and he was going to follow through with his plan. Sue tried again to
figure out what was happening. Please, who are you? Ill do whatever. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh! In spite of her binding, the naked womans
body jolted up off the seat. Her appeal was cut short by a severe shock into
her asshole. 

&nbsp;

Im sorryyyyyyyyy ahhhh once more the electrical blew into
her back end. When she finally recovered she knew she better not say another
word. Sue heard her captive chuckle from her reaction.

&nbsp;

For the next 20 minutes she lay thinking this was the end.

&nbsp;

Being both an accomplished slaver and true sadistic, Trent
decided to have a little fun with the woman he would soon have under his
control. Two blocks from the Banks home, Trent
pulled into an alley. He pulled the
naked woman from the back seat. He wrapped a few coils of rope around her waist
and up between her legs. The ropes were pulled extremely which made the ropes
bite deeply into her cunt and ass. She instantly feared feeling another jolt
from the device up her ass when a groan slipped out.

&nbsp;

Listen to me Suzy slut. You are about 2 blocks from home.
Im going to leave the controller for your ass zapper as well as the key to
your cuffs on your front porch. So I
have good news and bad news for you. Again he had to snigger. Once I leave
you, all you have to do is enjoy your stroll home, unlock your wrists and go
join your hubby in bed. Your night is over but first get on your knees, I want
to dump a load of cum down your throat. A slut like you can make a guy climax
several times a night.

&nbsp;

To Sue this was a small price to pay to get home alive and
not all that worse for wear. Indeed her substantially used sucking skills
drained Trents cock quickly. As he
put his sapped dick back he spoke again. Oh yah, the bad
news. The controller will be turned on and has a 50 yard transmission
range. Its 2:38 right now. I
suppose you have a choice. You can go directly home in the relative concealment
the night or you can just stay away from your house and till about noon when the batteries run out. Who knows
maybe you can stay hidden from everyone leaving for work and your neighbors
taking their kids to school. But Im guessing youll want to get this over with
without being the talk of the neighborhood. So as you approach your house you
will begin to feel the sparks shooting out of your ass. The
sooner you reach the front porch and click off the transmitter, the sooner
youll put an end to all this fun.

&nbsp;

Please dont do this. .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh!

&nbsp;

Stupid slut. You just earned
yourself the highest setting on this thing. Slut cunts like you are for
fucking, sucking and beating, not listening to her whining. You better learn
this now, it may save you some pain later.

&nbsp;

++ ******** ++ (To be continued)














Susan Banks          (Summerville)



 
  .
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  67
  2007-03-22T20:39:00Z
  2007-03-22T20:39:00Z
  5
  2161
  12320
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  102
  28
  14453
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






CHAPTER 18 THE BIG
DATE PLANS 

&nbsp;

When Bob awoke the next morning, his delectable wife was
still sound asleep. This kind of surprised him in as
much as he thought for sure considering what was planned for today,
he figured she would me a bit anxious. After all, Bob thought his plans for
this evening had to be the most daring thing she would ever experience. Little
did he know his wife only got to bed 3 hours ago.
Between the bar scene with Larry and that guy who drove her home, it had been a
long night. Well, he kind of drove her home. She was dropped off on her street
near an alley about 2 and a half blocks from her home. She was naked with her
wrists cuffed behind her back with no way to cover or protect herself. She knew
she had to get home as fast as possible both before anyone from the
neighborhood might spot a naked woman out on the street and to get in the house
before any of the drugs she had give her own husband might have worn off.

&nbsp;

It turned out to be a task not easily accomplished. In spite
of it being close to 3 in the morning, things were very perceptible in the
night setting. She could only imagine how visible she could be to others. Sue
soon learn this was no easy task. She made her way
house by house trying to keep close to any of the houses shrubs or any other
covering she could use all the while studying each house to make sure there was
no one who she might attract attention to. Even though she had been seen naked
by many different people over the past weeks, this was different. First and foremost
these were her and Bobs neighbors and secondly like any neighborhood, sounds
around someones home are often investigated. She tried to be careful yet
quick. 

&nbsp;

It took her about 15 minutes to make it the first block. She
began to get a little bolder with her success until she was 3 houses from her
home. Suddenly her ass received a zap stronger than she had felt all that
night. She remembered what the man who dropped her off told her but with her
concentrating on keeping herself out of sight and trying to get home she had
already forgotten. Susan tried to continue onward but the pain shooting into
her ass hurt
like hell. Quickly she retreated until she was out of the range of the
transmitter. Sue tried to evaluate her situation. Her house was so close she
could see the front door. By trial and zap she discovered just how far she
could approach the transmission field. After several attempts she figured it
might be a better idea to try and approach this from behind the houses in hopes
the transmission frequency might be blocked or at least hindered by the houses.
The only problem was shed have to go through the Palmers backyard, naked and
cuffed as she was and she knew they had a couple big sliding glass doors
leading out to their patio and yard. Still there was no
better options so she made her way along the house until she reach their
back gate. Thank goodness they had a string that was attached to the gates
lock. Sue bit on the string and pulled. The gate opened. She held her breath as
the wooden gate squeaked as she pushed on it. Inch, by inch she slowly open it
while trying to keep the squeaking to a minimum.

&nbsp;

Finally she was she was in. She was panting. Her situation
along with the danger was getting to her but not in a negative way. She cursed
herself but knew she was getting excited from the danger and her vulnerability.
What a sicko I am. She thought to herself. 

&nbsp;

That was when she spotted one of the Palmers Nome figurines. It stood
about 2 feet tall but the thing that caught Sues attention was its pointy hat.
Susan battled with herself. It was so wrong in so many ways but her excitement
had been at pinnacle all evening. Even though she could only manage to get
about 2 to 3 inches of the figurines pointy cap up into her cunt, it was
enough. Susan Banks bounced on the tip, fucking the Nomes head for all it was worth.
Unconsciously she began panting as she frantically tried to finish herself off.
All she was able to do was frustrate herself. So
aggravated was she when she finally gave up, that she kicked the statue over
then stood shocked about what she did and the risk of the sound as the ceramic
figurine plopped to the ground.

&nbsp;

After regaining her wits about her, she crossed the patio
area only to discover the fence. There was no way around it to get to the next
yard.

&nbsp;

So close. It was only a 4 foot fence. And she knew there was
a gate on the other side of her neighbors yard that would give her clear path
to her house. 

&nbsp;

A simple pair of hand cuffs and no clothing seem to render
her completely helpless to a little fence. Sue was about to go back out front
when she spotted a small step ladder they must use to trim bushes and trees.
Even with her hands behind her back, Sue managed to position the ladder on a
solid surface right up to the Daniels yard. She carefully stood on top of the
now shaky 3 foot step stool ladder. She had to jump up a little and over the
fence. It wasnt a big leap but without arms and the wobbly ladder she would be
thrusting from, it was frightening. She refused to let herself be scared out of
this and jumped. She just barely made it.

&nbsp;

Sue tumbled to the ground and rolled. Then she felt the
pain. Not so much from her jump and fall but she once again entered the
transmission field for the zapper shoved up her ass and now there was no
retreat from the electrical jolts. Sue had to suffer and run to the gate. She
willed herself forward through the pain and only had to open the gate and then
run straight to her front porch to shut off the transmitter. 

&nbsp;

Even though the Daniels fence gate open the same as the
Palmers, Sue struggled to get it open as he ass received jolt after jolt of
shocking electricity. Her eyes filled with tears. She moan
in pain as she struggled to get it open. Here she was only a few feet from her
own back door which she left unlocked in case of an emergency and it was
useless to her. She had to force herself to go to the front porch and turn off
the transmitter and retrieve the keys to her hand cuffs before her torture
would be over.

&nbsp;

Susan sprinted to the front of her house. The pain prevailed
over any caution as she ran into the exposed front yard of their house. She
bolted up the steps to find a note on the front door. It read
: Opps my bad! The controller and
key to the cuffs are at your back door.

&nbsp;

Sue nearly screamed as the pain was becoming unmanageable
but some how she managed to return to nearly the same spot she was only at a
few moments ago to find the plastic control box. She was gasping and whining when
she finally found the switched that stopped the shooting pain deep into her
ass. 

&nbsp;

In spite of the cool night air, Sue was panting and
perspiring. For nearly 5 minutes she laid still cuffed on the grass. Her night
was finally over.

&nbsp;

- -

&nbsp;

Hey you goen to wake up, sleepy bones? Bob asked nudging his
wife.

&nbsp;

Susan was exhausted from her night. She glanced at the clock
on the night stand. It was near 8 AM. Please let me sleep some more. She
mumbled.

&nbsp;

Bob was confused. Susan was always the first to get up.
Often she had coffee made and had her shower even before he turned over most
mornings. Ok. He said thinking maybe she didnt sleep much after all if she
was thinking of what he might have in store for her. He slapped her naked ass
and said, Go ahead and get some more rest. Youll probably need it for
tonight.

&nbsp;

Those words resonated in her head. Oh,
not more. This has to stop she thought.

&nbsp;

Bob. She whispered without even turning over. Maybe we
should forget this tonight. Maybe this has gone too far.

&nbsp;

She felt Bob, sit on the edge of the bed. He pulled back the
covers. His hands rubbing her naked back and ass. It
felt so good. Whats the matter honey? My little wild woman getting nervous
that her husband might turn her on too much tonight? She felt him move to get
something out of the nightstand drawer. Suddenly she heard the familiar sound
of her vibrator and soon felt it at her cunt lips. Bob was surprised Sue was
already wet when he worked the vibrator up into her slit. Next he moved her
hands behind her back and before she knew what he was doing he locked handcuffs
to her wrists. Sue was too tired and becoming too turned on with her vibrator
to argue.

&nbsp;

I see my little wild thing has been playing with her
handcuffs recently. Your wrists have red marks from them. Bob once again
slapped his wifes ass as she began squirming from the stimulation the vibrator
was giving her. Im going to leave you two alone but Im taking the keys to
the cuffs with me. No chickening out on me today. I went to too much trouble to
plan a great evening for you. He said as he left the room.

&nbsp;

Sue involuntarily clenched her legs tightly together to
enjoy the vibrator more. She came and came again while emitting grunting sounds
with each climax.

&nbsp;

Bob went about getting things ready then checked his
e-mails. There waiting was the promised e-mail from D.B Slaver. 

&nbsp;

Bob,

Hope everything is
going as planned. After reading this e-mail reply with a confirmation so I know
everything is a go.

&nbsp;

First off, if you
bought her a sexy outfit like I suggested, I think it would be fun to show her
off a bit to get both her and your juices flowing. However not at the kind of
place shed enjoy flirting about. There is a bar called Willys just on the
outskirts of Brookdale. Its patronized by bunch of retired or near retired
truckers. They are the type of guys who are usually pretty uninhibited when it
comes to a women in their bar and yet can be controlled. You might want to
think of a few things you want to have your wife do while there but its
important that she not have more than one drink. We dont want a drunken
captive who wont get a thrill from her kidnapping. You on the other hand can
probably get drinks for free depending on how far you want to push her limits
there. If she questions about going there, tell her its just for a drink
before your dinner reservations. 

&nbsp;

Now
to the set up. Make sure you
park your car on the side of the building. There are no
lights out back and this area is blocked off of any view from the road
too. If you get to Willys at or about 6:30 it will be dusk but parking there
will not seem ominous. However it will be plenty dark when
you leave in an hour. I will be parked in a van. After you arrive and go
in, I will park the van right along side of your car. Ill give you a good
30-40 minutes to have fun and will come in but not approach the bar. Ill enjoy
your teasing with her for about 15 minutes and after you see me leave finish up
your drink and tell her its time to leave for your dinner reservations. Once
you reach the door, tell her you need to take a piss before you leave but make
sure you send her to the car. If she says shell wait, tell her you dont think
it would be such a good idea after getting all the guys so horny for her.

&nbsp;

This does two things.
First you have implanted in her head she teased guys to the brink so when she
is grabbed outside it will seem plausible but it should get her to rationalize
that it would be safer in the car.

&nbsp;

Once she goes to the
car I will grab her and subdue her. I will turn my parking lights on as a
signal to you that she has been restrained and blindfolded so she wont see
you. When you get in the van, of course you cant speak but I will refer to you
and you should only reply with a grunt. 

&nbsp;

There is a dirty road
right behind the place to a heavily wooded area. It like only several hundred
yards away. That is where we can strip her, tie her and fuck her. We can even
leave her safely blindfolded alone for awhile before returning for more fun. We
can be off and be able to talk if you want to add anything to this scenario.

&nbsp;

See you tonight.

&nbsp;

DB Slaver

&nbsp;

By the time Bob finished reading the plan he came in his
pants. He had a few reservations like could this older guy really subdue Susan
alone? After all Susan was in her late twenties and he was an older man. He
also wondered about this bar. What if these guys got too riled up? Bobs dick
jumped to life again as he recalled Susans plight at the bar and pool table.
They both enjoyed that night. Hell if it happens, it happens. He knew his wife
was in for most anything.

&nbsp;

By noon Bob felt it was time for his wife to finally get her
ass out of bed. Her day with him was about to begin. He came into their bedroom
holding a box with a bow. I got a
present for a sexy slut wife. He toyed with her. Susan rolled over on her
cuffed wrists to see what her husband had. Its an outfit I bought you for
tonight. The lady at the store couldnt believe my wife would wear such an
outfit but she is wrong isnt she?

&nbsp;

Sue gave him a pouting look. Let me see it. She said.

&nbsp;

Not until you tell me you love it and will wear it for me.

&nbsp;

How can I say that? I havent seen it yet.

&nbsp;

You can promise me, because you want to. That is the only
reason. He replied.

&nbsp;

Ok, I promise, now let me see what you picked out. Bob
helped Sue into a sitting position. She asked him to take the cuffs off but he
ignored her as he opened the box. He pulled the silky silvery dress from the
box. As he did, the vision of her in it at the bar made him horny once more.
Not only was the dress deep cut front going to expose a lot of tit and
cleavage all the way down to her belly button but Bob went one more step after
buying it and took it to a seamstress and to have wide slits added to the
dress. Not simply slits but inverted Vs. From the waist line the inverted V
cut spread wider until the bottom where it left a five inch gap on each side of
the dress. More importantly to the wearer, the slits left only two 6 inch
panels of silky silvery material to cover her pussy and ass. Bob did not show
her that modification when he held up the dress.

&nbsp;

Susan snickered at her husbands enthusiasm but questioned
where were they suppose to be going where she could wear such a deep cut dress.
Dont you worry about that sweetie. I got it all
planned out. Now are you done with your, bitching so I can uncuff you and you
can get up and get something to eat?

&nbsp;

Sue couldnt deny her husband his fun. She knew she would
have to have a serious talk with him after tonight about putting a stop to this
whole thing and to somehow tell him how Larry had taken advantage. Well not
every detail but she had to make sure Bob wouldnt do something rash about the
scum bag. 

&nbsp;

- * *
To be continued

&nbsp;














Susan Banks          (Summerville)



 
  .
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  66
  2007-03-27T23:12:00Z
  2007-03-27T23:12:00Z
  8
  2970
  16934
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  141
  39
  19865
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






&nbsp;

&nbsp;

C.U.F.F.S. { Consensual, Ultimate
acceptance, Future Forced Slave }

By DJC

&nbsp;

CHAPTER 19 

THE BIG DATE PREP

&nbsp;

That morning and some of the afternoon, Trent Williams
concluded the plan to rid Susan and himself of the pesky Larry Parker. The
little weasel was never part of Trents
original plan however he had to admit he enjoyed hearing how he both humiliated
and degraded the Banks woman to the point it probably would make his job of
breaking her much easier. But Larrys time was over and just as Trent figured it took
some theatrics and some good detailed investigation into Parkers past to permanently
eliminate him. Trent
had to snicker as he drove back to farm house he was now renting. The slime
ball had been skimming from his sales account in order to have the time to fuck
around with Susan. All Trent, or Grogan Heard, problem solver for the Gambelli
Family, as he presented himself to Larry as, had to do was inform him payment
along with 40% interest on the money was due in 24 hours and if he didnt have
it, dont even think of begging for more time. Trent (Grogan Heard) cocked his
automatic in front of the knee knocking man. Larry tried to explain he never
knew any Gambelli Family or anyone other than the head of the firm had any
investments in his company. He would pay all the money back but he needed a
couple of days. 

&nbsp;

Thinking like the scumbag that he was, Larry figured hed
sell Susan to the client from the night before who liked her so much to get the
money. Larry only hoped he was as rich as he told him he was.

&nbsp;

Trent
lifted his, gun and placed a bullet right into the screen of Larrys 32 TV.
The tube shattered. Larry pissed in his pants. That will be your head if you
dont have full payment tomorrow morning. 

&nbsp;

In all Larry had skimmed nearly $155K from his office. He
tried for several hours to get a hold of the client from the night before. The
phone number he was trying was to a prepaid cell phone that was now at the bottom
of a lake where Trent
disposed of it. As time went by, Larry panicked. He never even considered
checking on the goons story who visited his apartment. He didnt have time. He
packed what he could. Emptied his bank account and was driving 70 mph out of
town by 2 in the afternoon. No way would he risk making any contact with anyone
to check on facts now that he skipped out of all this. His only regret was
leaving that horny, hot slut back in Brookdale.

&nbsp;

For Bob Banks the afternoon was nearly one jerk off after
another as he fantasized on how the evening with his elderly cohort and unsuspecting
wife would go. He couldnt wait.

&nbsp;

Susan began to get ready for her date with her husband. He
told her he had a completely new outfit and that she should only get her make
up on. Finally she announced to her
husband she was done and needed to dress. Bob, of course had no idea of just
how skanky and skimpy of outfits Larry had been parading his wife around in. He
was pretty sure the deep plunging dress with the slits and all would be pushing
his wifes limits out in public so he just told her shed get dressed when he
felt it was time. Sue began to feel that tingle between her legs. It was
obvious Bob was up to something and since tonight would be with him and not
that asshole Larry, it all seemed sexier and more exciting and so right..

&nbsp;

Bob read over DB Slavers instructions one more time. He
wasnt too keen on the idea of really calling a friend to check on the house
since they would only be going out for the night but he understood the idea of
giving her the perception of knowing no one would look for her when the fake kidnapping
occurred. As it turned out he spotted the Daniels teenage son mowing the lawn
next door. A grin crossed Bobs lips. He remembered just how hot his wife was
when she was so close to being caught naked and tied on the other side of the
fence from the neighbors. 

&nbsp;

Bob called Sue down. She looked around for the clothes she
thought he was going to tell her to put on. All that was there was one of Bobs
white cotton athletic t-shirts. She put it on when he pointed to it. The shirt
was made to enhance mens pecks but on a busty woman like Susan the U shape
neck, no sleeves and tight fit, barely contained her tits. Significant amounts
of her breasts swelled from both sides of the stretched material. From below the brimming, stretched top the rest of the under shirt
draped straight down just barely covering her shaver cunt. Like normal,
Susans nipple began to grow with excitement. He wouldnt dare take me out
like this. she thought to herself.

&nbsp;

I bought you these. He said holding what looked like a
silver twin bottle opener or something.

&nbsp;

What is that? she asked.

&nbsp;

Ill show you. he said pulling her armed behind her back.
Suddenly Susan felt something tightening around her left thumb. In seconds her
right thumb was caught and she realized her hands and wrists were as useless to
her as if they were hand cuffed. Theyre thumb cuffs. They are small enough
that you can be suitably helpless and yet you can conceal them with your hands
and no one but you would know you are vulnerably cuffed.

&nbsp;

Susan gave a few little tugged but didnt like how doing so
hurt her thumbs. Bob was right they were every bit as effective as wrist cuffs
in rendering her helpless. So this is how I am going to go out tonight? she
asked.

&nbsp;

No, no silly. I told you I bought you a whole new outfit,
just for tonight. No this is so you can go out back and tell Ned to tell his
parents we might be gone for a few days and perhaps he can collect the newspapers
so it wont seem like we are gone.

&nbsp;

Susan wasnt sure which surprised her more; the fact Bob
planned something for a couple of days or him suggesting she go out there like
she was dressed to talk to their neighbors son. Honey, I cant go out there
and talk to Ned dressed like this. My ass and pussy arent even covered and my
tits are pouring out everywhere in this shirt.

&nbsp;

If you go out there while hes working and get up along the
fence, and call him over to you, hell be looking down from their side of the
fence and all hell be able to see is down your front. Im sure a teenage boy
like Ned will enjoy that view but only you will know your horny sexy cunt is
dripping wet and exposed. Bob taunted. 

&nbsp;

Sue considered this for a moment then pleaded. Come on hon.
If he sees my ass or pussy, he might tell Judy.

&nbsp;

If Ned gets lucky and gets a peek at Slutty Sues cunt,
hell be in his room tonight jerking himself off like I was doing thinking of
you all afternoon. Now get that ass out there and tell him what I told you.

&nbsp;

Please, give me something for my bottom.

&nbsp;

At first Bob was a little miffed at her reluctance but then
an evil thought struck him. He started to run up the stairs to the bedrooms and
shouted, Ok, but dont forget you asked for it.

&nbsp;

A moment later Bob retuned with Sues vibrator and butt
plug. In spite of her protest, both were inserted in a few seconds and turned
on. If I hear one more gripe out of you, youll be sorry.

&nbsp;

Sue didnt want to disappoint her husband on his planned
special night but also didnt want any of the neighbors to know about her kinky
side. She sized up the situation. She was pretty sure she could run or now that
she had the vibrator and butt plugs up into to her ass and cunt walk swiftly to
the fence. The first 20 feet shed be exposed but once she reached the point
that the height of the wooden fence would cover her, she was safe. Shed have
to call him over, tell him about their going away but from that point on she
knew shed have the teens attention. And how could she end the conversation so
hed go back to work and hopefully shed make it back without being seen?

&nbsp;

Bob open the door. He said she had 30 seconds to go for it
or hed kick her out and deal with it. Sue rediscovered just how effective the
damn thumb cuffs were. She couldnt prevent Bob from lining her up near the
open back door.

&nbsp;

Sue watched Ned working. He was coming up facing them but
looking down at the mower. The second he turned to go back the opposite
direction she started. Stepped out she instantly felt the air swirling around
her exposed ass and now damp vibrating cunt. 

&nbsp;

She walked as rapidly as she could and made it before Ned
turned to come back with the mower. Once again she quickly sized up her
situation. The white stretch knit t-shirt clearly display
her tits and nipples. There was no more than 3 inched covering each breast. The
rest just bulged out on each side of the strap top. With her hands and arms
locked behind her back, she was sure it would appear she was trying to show off
her tits. Along with thinking about this and both the ass plug and vibrator both buzzing away in her, she felt a climax building. She
tried to ignore the arousal but couldnt. She heard her husbands laughter
above the roaring sound of the mowed as she dropped to her knees and rode out a
climax. What a fucken slut I am she admitted to herself.

&nbsp;

Then as she clenched her legs tightly together to get the
full affect of her second climax, she heard the mowers roar stop. Susan peeked
through the boards of the fence. Ned was finishing up. Without thinking she
called out to him. Ned, Ned could you please come over
here.

&nbsp;

Mrs. Banks? Hello. Is that you Mrs. Banks? he yelled.

&nbsp;

Yes, Ned. Im by the fence. I need to ask you something.
Could you please come over here? She asked.

&nbsp;

Yah. Ill be right over. Ill just
put the mower in the garage and come around.

&nbsp;

No no. Ahh. You dont have to come
over. I dont have a lot of time. Could you just come over to the fence,
please?

&nbsp;

Susan heard steps. It dawned on her if he peeks over too far
down the fence hed still see her ass showing out from under the t-shirt. Luckily
for her he came nearly to the same spot. He stepped up on a rock along the
fence and looked over. He was actually a little embarrassed when he realized he
was looking directly down his sexy neighbors top. Although he tried not to stare
he just couldnt take his eyes off those firm round tits pouring out of that
top and her nipple pointed out under the thin white shirt. Susan backed up
about a foot, to look up at him. In spite of her best efforts to try and think
of something else, she felt her nipples trying to bust through the cotton top.
The fact she knew he was blatantly staring at her tits which she knew the way
she was forced to remain she was teasing him. It all just made it harder not to
be aware of how slutty she was acting. Ned, Mr. Banks and I might be away for
a few days. Im not sure how long and we were wondering if you would stop by
the front and pick up our newspaper so it doesnt look like we are away?

&nbsp;

There she said it. She stood looking up at him. The way he
was looking at her chest she though he must have thought her tits just asked
him that question? The few seconds of silence seemed and eternity. Every
feeling and sensation was amplified. How in hell could she be feeling the start
of an orgasm now? Like this? 

&nbsp;

Susan felt a trickle of her own pussy juice dribbling down
between her legs. Try as she might she couldnt hold back a wheezing sound as
the stimulation intensified. Are you ok, Mrs. Banks? Ned asked with his mouth
nearly dropped open. He watched those magnificent pair of tits rise and fall
with her gasping.



Yes, yes, Im ok. Will you do this for me? she asked.

&nbsp;

You bet. Anything else?

&nbsp;

No. Thank you Ned. Sue replied but had to dumbly remain posed
as she was hoping her would finally leave.

&nbsp;

The teen stayed for what seemed like minutes waiting for her
to leave but she just stood showing off her tits to him. Finally he jumped down
from the rock. At first Susan was about to turn and leave but decided to check
where he was so she could run back to the back door. Initially she didnt see
him and sighed in relief. But just when she was about to step back she noticed
Neds body down from where she was peeking though. He was directly at her cunt
level looking though the crack between fence planks up
her shirt. She almost screamed at him but then realized she was the one prancing
around half naked out in the yard. It no longer mattered. She walked as swiftly
as she could back to the house but her cunt by now was so sopping wet that she
couldnt hold the vibrator in. It dropped when she raised her leg to take the
first step up the back porch. She hesitated for a second, looked back as saw
Ned once again looking over the fence at her. Go get that. He commanded. 

&nbsp;

Honey, I cant go back out like this. Neds just watching
everything. I cant bend down and exposed myself an all.

&nbsp;

Then it will cost you tonight. He threaten.
Susan simply shook her head in agreement, opened her mouth to give her husband
a big kiss and whispered: Fuck me right now, right here. Bob left the butt
plug buzzing away up her ass and fucked his sexy slut wife on the kitchen
floor. She didnt care that laying on the thumb cuffs
hurt her thumbs a little as Bob pounded into her hot wet cunt.

&nbsp;

It was getting late. Bob told Sue to touch up her make up
and it was time to leave. When she returned again there was no outfit for her
to wear but there were a new pair of black 6 inch pencil thin spiked strap
heels. The straps criss-crossed and like others, locked with tiny locked around
her ankles so she would not be able to remove them. Sue remembered the long
night in heels in the forest preserve. As she finished putting them on, she had
to admit the shoes made her calf muscles tighten and forced her to walk with a
sexy swing to keep her balance.

&nbsp;

What about clothes. she asked.

&nbsp;

Later. Was all he replied prodding her to the garage door
and forcing her butt ass naked into the car. 

&nbsp;

At least it was getting dark out. she thought as the
garage door rose up. Bob pulled out of the garage and down their drive way.
There was Ned watering their front yard. Susan spotted him way too late before
she slid down in her seat. Shit, he saw me. He knows Im naked in the car.

&nbsp;

Bob laughed and said something about Sue can apologize to
Judy later for the wet sheet shes sure to find on her sons bed tomorrow
morning.

&nbsp;

Bob those are our neighbors. What will they think?

&nbsp;

Bob told her to forget it. He reminded her they agreed after
this little event, they were going to stop with the kinky stuff. If the Daniels
never see another signs of this again, they might just
forget what he may or probably wont tell them anyway. Sue realized he was
probably right. What teenage boy would run to his mommy and tell her about the
naked woman he just saw?

&nbsp;

Susan sat there naked. Shed become almost use to being
naked or near naked in cars since Larry took control. That brought the thought
of Larry in her head. If everything went well and Bob enjoyed this evening or
weekend or whatever he planned, shed tell him about Larry right away. But for
now she had one concern. Ah, you do have clothes for me dont you?

&nbsp;

Bob laughed and motioned toward the back seat. Susan saw a
bag from some store she didnt know. Why all the mystery and stuff about my
outfit?

&nbsp;

Again Bob laughed. Were going to stop by Buckners
Preserves. You remember that place, dont you honey?

&nbsp;

How could I forget?

&nbsp;

Youll be allowed to get dressed there. This way we are too
far from home for you to object to my choice of dresses. 

&nbsp;

Susan sighed. Whats with the dress?

&nbsp;

Oh its a perfectly normal dress of a young girl to wear out, I only had some alterations done to it.

&nbsp;

Like what?

&nbsp;

Youll soon see my horny slut wife. Youll see.

&nbsp;

- -

&nbsp;

When they finally got to the preserve both Bob and Susan
were again pretty horny. Bob told Susan to get out and lean over the car. He
had to fuck her right then and there. Susan was so worked up she couldnt care
where they were. As it was they were the only car in the small lot. It was so
hot to fuck right out in the open. Bob with his pants down ramming his dick
into his wife, who was completely naked except for her stiletto heels, bent
over the warm car hood. It had been awhile since Bob fucked her with such
animalistic vigor. This will be one night we both will remember. Bob
whispered as he shot his wad into his wifes hot cunt. Sue only answered was
with her head thrown back and a faint mewing sound.

&nbsp;

After they were done and she surprised Bob by dropping to
her knees, as she was taught by Larry, to lick his cock clean. She looked up
and smiled at him and asked if she finally deserved some clothes? Bob chuckled, nearly forgetting she was naked and where they
were suppose to be headed. Taking the box from the bag from the back seat he handed
Susan her dress. 

&nbsp;

Susan slipped the dress over her head and let it fall. The
silky material slid down over her body. She immediately noted the very deep plugging
front. She adjusted what little material was there to cover her breasts. The
cut just barely covered her nipples on the cleavage side of the front and some
of her full round tit flesh shown from the arm sides. Unconsciously, she
adjusted the front several times to keep her nipple covered while she looked
down at the briefness of the length along with the wide opening in front. Then
she noticed the bottom with the 3 slits up each thigh in front. This left only
a 5 inch wide panel covering her cunt. Bob was beaming with excitement about
how sexy and slutty she looked in the dress. He told her how the sales clerk
tried to talk him out of buying it for a wife. If she only knew I had it
altered with the side gaps and had the bottom shorten 3 inched all around and
the small front panel shorted even more. Bob had her turn around. Phew. He
snickered. The very bottom of your sexy ass cheeks are showing in back. She
also told him the silkiness of the material was so light and filmy that she
feels like she is still naked. 

&nbsp;

When they went back in the car, Sue turned to her husband.
Did you consider this Mister Clothing Designer. The
shirt and front panel is so short that I cant sit without my pussy showing.
The short panel rises up just over my slit and the split side slide right off
my legs. In reality, Susan wasnt angry with Bob about this, but simply
stating a fact. 

&nbsp;

Sue had no idea where they were going. They were on a back
road highway that she had never driven before. It was kind of pretty with the
dense growth lining the two lane road. She wondered how Bob knew this area. 

&nbsp;

They drove about 20 minutes before pulling onto a gravel
parking lot. Sue looked at the place. It looked dingy. Not at
all what she was expecting for the evening. Is this where we are going
to eat? she asked.

&nbsp;

Bob shook his head no. He told her their reservations were
at another place up the road but they were stopping here for a drink before
dinner. Sue didnt say anything but wondered why this place instead of the bar
where they were going to eat. The place had a few big rig trucks parked to one
side and several pick up trucks in front. She wondered why Bob passed up one of
two parking spots right in front and instead parked on the side of the bar. 

&nbsp;

As she got out, she looked around. It was dark and almost
eerie out here. The way Bob parked she had to move past a van along side their
car. For the hundredth time since putting on the dress she tugged at the dress
top to assure her nipples were covered while she carefully walked in the thin
heels of the gravel lot. 

&nbsp;

The second Bob open the bar door, she felt goose bumps
running down her spine. This was not a place for a woman dressed as she was.
Every sensation hit her at once. The thinness of the dress
material, the deep revealing cleavage front, the wide gaping slits in the
extremely brief skirt that didnt completely cover her naked ass and her in
slut heels. As usual her nipples swelled with the danger and excitement.
They perked up under the silky silver top to add to all the other things. 

&nbsp;

***** TO BE
CONTINUED *******














Susan Banks          (Summerville)




 
  .
   jim
  2
  4
  2007-04-02T21:35:00Z
  2007-04-02T21:35:00Z
  1
  3175
  18099
  150
  42
  21232
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








CHAPTER 20

&nbsp;

( THE DATE OF DATES BEGINS ) 

&nbsp;

Susan hesitated at the doorway of the bar. It wasnt
necessarily the fact she was so scantily dressed or even she hadnt gone
through an even worse predicament just the night before but this time she was
with Bob and she knew just how far she had already been forced to go. It wasnt
the kind of evening she had expected with her husband. Just when she turn and
tried to ask him to go somewhere else for their drink they heard a couple of
men whistle at her and called to them.

&nbsp;

Wow, bring that piece of ass in here. Someone shouted.
Look at her buns hanging out of that dress.

&nbsp;

Fuck man, look at them fun bags. If she takes a deep enough
breath well all be in for a titty show.

&nbsp;

Even Bob was slightly taken back at the brazen catcalls of
the guys at the bar. D.B. Slaver had warn him it was a sleazy vulgar bar but
this straight out hawking of his wife got Bob reconsidering whether or not this
place was a good idea or not. But before he had another thought about it, Susan
was pulled forward by her arm into the room.

&nbsp;

Will you boys take a look at this. I mean is she about the hottest
sexy thing weve had come visit here in a long time. a big man perhaps in his
late 50s said as he raised Susans arm up in the air over her head turned her
around in a sort of forced modeling of herself. 

&nbsp;

Hey keep her arms up just like that a second, Jake. A
baldheaded guy said as he took his cell phone out of his hip case. Shes
showing her shaved cunt when she does that. A flash from his cell phone and he
had a picture of it all. Gonna use this pretty girls picture for my screen
saver. He laughed. Susan wasnt sure if she should struggle or give her
husband the show he obviously wanted to get by bringing her to a place like
this. But when she heard Bobs disapproval of their unwelcome handling of her
she tried to resist him. 

&nbsp;

For an older guy he was plenty strong. When he noticed she
was struggling a bit he simply lifted her arms a few inched higher. Sue simply
dangled before the 8 men enjoying her compulsory exhibition. Suspend and
wiggling just produced one hell of a show. Her legs kicked slightly and she
twisted under his hands. This caused her already exposed cunt to spread and her
tits to wobble to the point of nearly coming out of the skimpy top.

&nbsp;

Put her down. Bob spoke up. Thats my wife.

&nbsp;

The big guy holding Sue up looked at him as if he was a nuisance.
One man closest to Bob stood up and came between Bob and his helpless wife. Ah
come on man. Were just having some fun with your old lady. I mean youre not
going to tell us with the way shes dressed and you guys coming in here that
you werent looking for some fun?

&nbsp;

No, no. I mean.
well..  Bob stammered and wasnt sure what to say. Its just dont
you think you are going a little too fast? 

&nbsp;

The guy smiled and put his hand on Bobs shoulder. Yah
well, you know chicks like your wife are
always flashing their hooters or spreading their legs in their cars at us while
were on the road. I mean no one in here is complaining about seeing a smiling
piece of pie or a nice rack but very few couples got the balls to stop and give
us a close up look or little feel. So when couples like yourselves want to play
up games close and personal, we just want to make sure we dont disappoint you
or anything.

&nbsp;

Sue let out a little squeal when yet another of the bar
regulars reached up between her thighs and ran his finger through her cunt
lips. Not to worry, mate. Your wife is already enjoying herself here. He said
holding up his finger which glistened with Sues cunt juices. Come on, now,
lets buy you and your wife a drink. Willy, get this couple anything they want.
Its on us. Sue was let down but blocked from getting close to her husband.

&nbsp;

Bob nodded his head in acceptance and tried to smile. He
realized this is what they were doing. Flaunting and teasing with Sues appearance
and fine body, it just so quickly got out of his control. He tried to see how
his wife was reacting. He noticed there was a hand over her shoulder, through
the front of the dress and copping a tit feel but other than her usual reaction
to all this attention and groping she didnt appear to be too frazzled about
it.

&nbsp;

Bob ordered a beer and then remembered what DB Slaver told
him about not letting Sue get too tipsy. He ordered her a tall screwdriver,
light on the vodka. They asked Bob and Sue their names and one by one everyone
introduced themselves. Neither Sue nor Bob remembered any of them.

&nbsp;

Someone got Sue a stool and placed it so she would be in
front of everyone. At first she hesitated full well knowing to get up on it and
sit, her ass and cunt would be exposed to all. She glanced over to her husband
who nodded his ok. The guys whistled when the hem rose over her shaved cunt.
Sue blushed but endured. This wasnt the kind of pedestal she wanted to be
adored upon. 

&nbsp;

The big guy who had held her up by her arm, placed his hand
on one knee and spread her legs apart until both legs were on the sides of the
stool. This of course spread her cunt open a bit. Sue was handed her drink and
thanked them. One of the other men stood up and went behind her. No need to be
shy with us, missy. We like when a pretty thing like you shows herself off to
us trucker. How about a look at that rack of yours, Sue. He said spreading the
silky silvery material off to the sides of her tits. Susans nipples which were
already hard and rigid seem to point out at their stares.

&nbsp;

Mighty fine piece of ass, youre married to buddy. The
bartender stated as he lean over the bar to get a better look. You into
sharing her?

&nbsp;

Ah, no. Bob tried to sound as firm as he could. Sue just
gets turned on by showing her stuff. 

&nbsp;

Relieved when no one pushed the subject, Bob became a little
more confident about the situation. For
some macho reason, he felt the need to show these guys he was not only a man
but the one who was in charge. Honey, I think these guys deserve the full body
shot. Take off the dress and give these guys a good look at you.

&nbsp;

A roar went up and a few high five hand slaps as they turned
toward Bob. Her husbands request caught her off guard. It was one thing to be
so exposed but another for her own husband encourage things along. Now. He
snapped uncharacteristically. 

&nbsp;

Susan blushed deeper as she handed her drink to one of the men
and got down from the stool. At first she felt a little annoyed with Bob but
then considered why they were out in the first place. She promised her husband
this would be his night and probably their last night of play for a long time.
Sue asked for some music but the place didnt have a jukebox so the guys
started humming the stripper song. Sue danced out of her dress and let it drop
to the floor. She turned several times giving a full look at her body. Then she
decided to go for it. She turned her back to the men and bent at the waist and
spread her legs. Taking her hand she spread her pink pussy lips open and played
with her self a little before standing up and turning back towards them and
licked her fingers clean. More high fives were given to Bob as she continued.
Facing the men she plunged her fingers into her cunt and finger fucked herself
only to pull out and lick her fingers some more.

&nbsp;

Bob was both shocked and proud of his wife. She sure was
horny tonight. he thought to himself. Wait until she really gets her
surprise. Bob checked his watch. He figured they had about 20 more minutes
before he should get her outside for her abduction. 

&nbsp;

Now Bob was getting caught up in the moment. He felt he had
the respect of all these rugged truckers just because he had a wife who would
obey him. When he told Sue to come over by him and place her hands behind her
back, this really surprised her. The thumb cuffs from earlier went back on
rendering her even more vulnerable than ever. 

&nbsp;

From Susans experience over the past weeks she knew there
is something almost ingrained if not at least spontaneous with men when the
cuffs go on a woman, it becomes a right to do as they want with a woman. It was
as if any woman kinky enough to allow herself to be cuffed naked just relinquished
the right to be treated anything other than as a slut. 

&nbsp;

It wasnt that she
was completely oblivious to the fact she was nude, tits thrust out and in a
circle of guys she was turning on. Susan considered that it is almost like
things progress, or more so, digress in stages. An attractive woman gets looks
and attention naturally. A good looking woman in a bar gets even greater
attention. A hot woman dressed seductively let alone slutty as she was demands
attention. A woman, who would strip naked in a bar like this, pretty much
assumes she just forfeited the entitlement of being respected as a lady and is
assumed a slut if not at least trampy. Finally a woman who will willingly allow
herself to be rendered naked and helpless in such a situation is provoking natural
animalistic tendencies to attack helpless prey. 

&nbsp;

Hands began to grab at Susans body with the belief that
when her husband handed her over to them so vulnerable, it was his signal to go
for it. One of the guys got up behind Sue and pressed himself up against Sues
naked ass. He grabbed both tits and rocked with her as she continued her dance.
She instinctively reached back and even with her thumbs cuffed and was able to grab
his hard cock through his pants. Her teasing had gone too far. 

&nbsp;

First two then three, then all eight cocks were out. At
first Bob said no to her sucking them off and said they could shoot their loads
on her but it was Sue who dropped to her knees and took the first cock in her
mouth. That was it. There was no turning back but Bob made it clear only
blowjobs and then they had to leave.

&nbsp;

One by one she sucked and licked each cock. Again she
surprised her husband when he saw how she could take some of the bigger dicks
all the way. Bob had never really tied to deep throat her but it was quite
apparent she knew how to take it down.

&nbsp;

What also was surprising to not only Bob but most of the
truckers there was the fact she swallowed all the cum. Even when a little
seeped out on the side of her mouth, the slut licked it where ever it dripped. 

&nbsp;

By the time she swallowed the eighth load she was so horny
she began rubbing herself against the stool seat or anything she could find. It
made a great show but for Bob it meant she was more than ready for her big
surprise.

&nbsp;

Reluctantly they let Sue dress again and gave her a drink to
wash the cum down. As much as they thanked her she noted they thanked Bob even
more so. She guessed this was how men felt about another man sharing his slut
wife. She was considered a slut no matter what but for him to share her, it was
his indulgence, not hers.

&nbsp;

Once again Bob checked his watch. They were right on
schedule.

&nbsp;

Bob and Sue said their goodbyes. Bob got hand shakes, Sue
got her ass, cunt or tits grabbed. Once out the door, Bob stopped. Oh damn I
got to take a piss. I cant make it to the restaurant. He stopped Sue from
trying to follow him back through the door. I dont think it would be a good
idea for you to go back in there and wait for me to take a piss. As horny as
you made everyone those guys you would be lying on your back with your legs
spread open in 10 seconds. Here better go to the car and wait for me.
He told her handing her the keys to the car.

&nbsp;

Sue looked to the side of the building where there car was
parked. It was already dark and she didnt really want to go by herself but he
was right. If she went back in they might not show any control. Honey, could
you walk me to the car. Its pretty dark out there. I cant even see the car
from here.

&nbsp;

Bob quickly thought. Oh dont be silly. You know we are
right around the corner of the building. Just go. I dont want to piss in my
pants.

&nbsp;

Bob watched her walk carefully to the side and into the
darkness. Since she couldnt see him, he didnt go back in the bar but instead
stood and listen carefully.

&nbsp;

Bob heard the siding of the vans side door and his wifes
brief shriek that quickly faded to almost a muffled whine. This was followed
buy some shuffling and other indistinguishable sounds. Finally, he once again
heard the sliding of the vans door but shut this time. In a few moments the
older fellow, DB Slaver, he had met a week earlier came around front. I was
worried you might have a little bit of a hard time alone with her but I guess
its ok.

&nbsp;

DB nodded. Shes in 3 sets of cuffs. Wrists, elbows and ankle
along with a couple of straps on her legs, a fat pear gag in her mouth and a
chain around her neck locked to the vans floor board. He handed Bob a mask and
reminded him when hes around her, he must not speak. Bob said he remembered.
Listen, take your car and follow me but wait until I get to the end of the lot
so she doesnt realize its your car. A little less than a quarter mile up this
road is an unpaved cut off. Trent,
posing as DB Slaver, point as he spoke. Its extremely dense with trees. Well
go maybe a quarter of a mile down the road and take her out.

&nbsp;

Sounds good. Bob replied.

&nbsp;

He walked back and started the van. Bob followed a few
seconds later.

&nbsp;

-
- -

The area was very thick with bushes and trees. Bob realized they
could have been fifty feet off the road and no one would have seen them. Bob
changed into a second set of clothes he was told to bring so his wife wouldnt
suspect even with a mask that one of her captures was her husband. Finally he
approached the van. Susan looked very scared lying there pleading into the gag
that was strapped into her mouth. He could only imagine months and maybe even
years later how she will climax time and again thinking back at this staged
game.

&nbsp;

DB signaled Bob off to the side. He handed Bob a gun. Is
this real? he whispered.

&nbsp;

Yes but the firing pin is removed and of course there are
no bullets. You just hold it on her while I untie her and retie her between
those trees. 

&nbsp;

Bob again nodded. The guy was really into details, he
thought.

&nbsp;

Ok cunt. Were going to take you out and make you more accessible
for our use. If you try anything and I mean anything you will be sorry. Jimmy,
if she even flinches to get away, put a bullet into her. Sue saw the second
man for the first time standing behind the one who grabbed her in the lot.
Unlike the man who grabbed her, the guy he called Jimmy had a full face mask
on. He wasnt as old as her initial captor but up against two men and one with
a gun, she decided not to fight them. At first when she was grabbed she thought
it might have been one of the guys from the bar but upon seeing the first guys
face she realized he wasnt one of the 8 trucker in the bar. This other guy
with the mask didnt have the appearance of any of the trucker either. Her only
hope is that they do what they want with her and let her go eventually. Maybe
when Bob discovers her missing he might get the rest of the guys from the bar
to come searching for her. She knew they hadnt driven very far so maybe they
can find her. 

&nbsp;

How weird, she thought. She was anxious but not nearly as
terrified or panicked as she thought she should be. It probably had to be all
she had experienced over the past weeks. What would a couple more cocks up in
her be? 

&nbsp;

Sue stood still as her wrists and elbows were released. The
guy without the gun, tied ropes to each of her wrists and left the lines just
drop to the ground. The masked man, just stood staring at her holding the gun
on her. Next he unbuckled her legs and ankles and once again replaced these
binding with ropes. Then he pulled out a knife. Sues heart began pounding
until she realized he was just cutting the thin silk dress off her body. In
seconds she was naked and ordered to kneel and bend forward. With her tits
hanging, he used thin boot strap leather lacing and tied them extremely tight
around the base of each tit. Her tits became twin solid hard red balloons which
soon throb straight out from her chest..

&nbsp;

The man then tossed the length of ropes that were tied to
her ankles over opposite tree limbs.

&nbsp;

Jimmy , grab that rope. He ordered the man with the gun.

&nbsp;

When both men were set, they hoisted her ankles and legs up
until she was in an inverted suspension with her legs spread wide apart. Her
head hung about a foot off the ground. Next they took the ropes tied to her
wrists and tied them to the base of the opposite trees. This created an
inverted spread eagle with her bloated tits jutting out at her captors.

&nbsp;

The older man motioned for the masked one to follow him.
Once they were back by the van DB showed Bob a whip. Were going to take turns
whipping her cunt. It sounds bad but with this whip shell feel the sting and
fire and will welt a little but nothing that will cause damage. Do you think
when we are done you can cum on her? It should add to the scene. Bob nodded. Well
leave her like this for about 30 minutes. This will give her plenty of time to
deal not only with her whipped cunt but also to contemplate her situation. I
got this for her to enjoy after our fucking so shell have pleasure too. DB
said holding a thick ribbed vibrator. Theres a different bar up the road.
Well grab a couple of beers and come back to her and fuck her then if its ok
with you? Do you have anything you want to add?

&nbsp;

Bob thought for a second. Maybe something with her tits.
One time when I tied her in our yard while a party was going on next door, I
used some clips with bells on the end. She said they hurt like hell but I know
she loved the pain they sent into her tits.

&nbsp;

Ok, I got something but trust me I tied those leather
straps pretty tight around those babies. It wont be too long before they will
feel like they are on fire. DB explained.

&nbsp;

They returned to the hanging spread captive. The unmasked
guy told the younger one to begin warming up the sluts cunt for their cocks.
He handed him a whip and told him to use this on her. The first stroke came
down with surprising accuracy. After the first five Sue realized hung and
spread as she was, a monkey could be just as accurate since her own spread
thighs created a guide for the straps to hit directly on her open cunt. She
screamed and bucked like hell but only muffled sounds were auditable. She
pleaded into the gag but nothing stopped the pain. The leather whip burned
across her puffed cunt lips, between them and into her open cunt and at times
through her spread open ass cheeks. Each lash was horrible all over but each
had one center point that stung the most where the tip of the whip snapped at
her tender flesh last.

&nbsp;

When it stopped she was panting and perspiration ran down
her body. Her legs and arms hurt from pulling on her restraints as she tried to
avoid the whip. Through tear filled eyes she saw the younger guy hand the whip
to the older man. She hadnt recalled enduring such pain that was so localized
as this but she survived. That was what she thought until she heard him say,
before I start my turn what do you say we give those tits something to enjoy.

&nbsp;

He pulled out a small container. Watch and learn Jimmy. He
said pulling out a length of thin white string. This is floss tape. Its thicker
and stronger than floss alone and plenty strong for nipples. In a few moments
they were playing with her nipples until they sprang to life once more. Sue
felt the noose tighten and bite down deep into the base of her tender nipples.
These are a present from Jimmy here. He said your tits need some pain too.

&nbsp;

Taking the length of floss, they tied the ends to separate
stakes pounded in the ground while pulling each nipple as far as they thought
they could stretch. When they were finished with her, not only were Sues legs
and arms extend painfully apart but also her tits and nipples were in a
sadistic spread eagle of their own.

&nbsp;

The whipping by the older man began. Sue didnt know whether
it was because her cunt was already sore and swollen from the first lashing or
the experience of the older man but this was ten times worse. For one thing, he
snapped the whips end into her ass and cunt and often over her clit. This had
her react with a frenzy of twists and jerks. Of course with her nipples staked
out to the ground her uncontrolled reaction to the harsher whipping also caused
her to torture her own tits and nipples.

&nbsp;

As the whipping continued the masked man pulled out his dick
and shot his cum on her tits and on her face. Upon finishing his turn the old
man did the same. She hung in pure pain with their enjoyment running down her
body and onto her face. 

&nbsp;

Susan hung limp and very sore. She barely noticed the older
man when he took something out of a plastic storage bag he had in his pocket. She
groan as she felt him inserting it into her asshole. Whatever it was, it was
long, a little jagged and kind of wet. He gave her a hard slap on the ass
before looking up at the masked man.

&nbsp;

Come on Jimmy, let go get a few beers and round up the
boys. Im sure theyll like the little surprise we have for them.

&nbsp;

With that Sue was left naked, hanging, tits staked out and
whimpering in pain as they drove off in one of the vehicles they had parked off
out of sight.

&nbsp;

**** TO BE CONTINUED
*****

&nbsp;














Susan Banks          (Summerville)



 
  .
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  246
  2007-04-09T22:52:00Z
  2007-04-09T22:52:00Z
  5
  2005
  11435
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  95
  26
  13414
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






&nbsp;

CHAPTER 21

&nbsp;

(UNEXPECTED TURN OF EVENTS)

&nbsp;

Bob wasnt all that crazy about leaving his wife so utterly
vulnerable out in the woods alone. Besides the obvious of other people coming upon
her and finding her hanging naked from a tree, he told DB Slaver that he had
wanted her to enjoy this time as much as he was too. You know right now we have
the whole sensation of the kidnapping and helplessness build within her. DB
reminded him. Did you notice how
fucking wet her cunt was? Everything would be ok. That dirty road is a dead end
so no one will be traveling down it. But imagine things from her perspective.
If she ever wanted the real sense of being kidnapped and absolute helplessness,
shes experiencing it right now. DB snickered then added, Ill bet that slut
has climaxed several more times just from the feel of the night air on her
spread open cunt.

&nbsp;

He surprised Bob with how casually this man called his wife
a slut. True, he thought, that was what he was aiming for but he was still her
husband. DB checked his watch before telling Bob about now a pretty nasty
burning sensation up her ass should be kicking in. I guarantee you it will get
her attention and make her dance from her ropes.

&nbsp;

Bob had no idea what he was referring to but said itll would
she wouldnt dare move much the way they staked out the tits and nipples so
tautly. The slightest move and shell tear at her
nipples. Bob replied.

&nbsp;

Dont be so sure. This old masochist knows a few tricks to
assure one level of pain will over lap another.

&nbsp;

What are you talking about? Bob asked just as they pulled
up to a different bar up the road from where Sue and he had just played a short time earlier. 

&nbsp;

Ever hear of figging, Bob?

&nbsp;

Of what?

&nbsp;

Its called figging. It was used in the Victorian days when
a woman was spanked or whipped. It adds a lot to her discomfort or more so adds
tremendously to the dominates pleasure of knowing how
much more his slave was suffering. Ill explain it to you over a beer.

&nbsp;

This place was smaller and a lot more crowded than the
trucker bar he had sent Susan and him to earlier. DB would not let Bob buy the
beers but rather told him to grab a booth so they could talk. Bob sat there
wondering just what he wife was enduring as he was there with this man. It seemed
to take DB a while before he finally came over and sat down with their beers. Instead
of telling him what was happening to his wife he got Bob to tell him about some
of the ordeals he had put Susan through. In reality he needed time for things
to work. Bob thought this guy would be impressed with his ingenuity with their
kinky games and told him about the neighbors party and the time he brought Sue
to the forest preserves and left her there. They both laughed at his accounts.

&nbsp;

So what is happening to Susan right now? he asked.

&nbsp;

Figging is using
skinned ginger root on and in sensitive areas. DB explained. You see ginger,
once it begins to act, burns much more intense than say Ben Gay and it builds
steadily. If the victim clenches her ass muscles, it just makes more contact to
the peeled wet root. Fresh ginger is potent but ginger that has aged for about
3 or 4 days has a vastly increased potency. Your wife is hanging there right
now with a thick round, very juicy and very potent finger of ginger shoved din
her asshole. In spite of pulling on her stretched out nipples shell trying
anyway to get that burning out of her ass but nothing will do any good.

&nbsp;

Bob looked stunned. He realized both how little he really
knew of the bizarre world of S&amp;M and began wondering how far this guy was
planning on going. Maybe we should get back to her. He blurted out before
thinking that he didnt want to look like some sort of wussy. You know, I mean
if we kind of sneak up on her we can watch all the fun of her struggling with
that?

&nbsp;

Take it easy, Bob. Dont forget the ginger will intensify.
Well get to see her going crazy with her torment in due time. But dont
forget, besides dealing with the pain shes also experiencing a desperation
with her plight. Being left alone has a bigger impact on the mind than if we
were there and she kept begging to be let go. In her situation, she has no one
to offer sex for release, no one to offer any kind of deal and no one to beg.
That is why we struck fast, showed her only pain and agony and left without
giving her the slightest hope of her having any power. DB finished off his
bottle. Did you do what I told you about saying you were going to be away for
awhile?

&nbsp;

Bob nodded. I had her tell the neighbor boy we might be
gone. But Im not sure how that will come into play because Im sure she thinks
Im looking for her right now.

&nbsp;

In time it will be clear Bob. Ill get us another beer.
Well finish up and make a few plans as to what is up next for our captive and
sneak on back. DB Slave said as he checked his watch. 

&nbsp;

No not for me. Bob said. Im already feeling this one. I
only had a couple at that other bar but Im starting to feel groggy.

&nbsp;

DB came back holding two bottles. Come on Bob, one more so
I know you are ok with everything and will stick to plans. I know shes your
wife and your concern but you wanted to give her something to remember, right?
Let her have some climatic memories.

&nbsp;

Bob took the bottle and down more than half in one swig. Although
he really didnt want to drink it, he wanted to assure his partner in crime he
was ok with it all. The ginger thing in her ass. It
will be ok. No harm done, right?

&nbsp;

Thats the beauty of ginger. Burns like hell and when its
over its all natural. He told Bob as he watched him getting woozy. He
explained in great length how preparing it properly insures maximum pain with
no side effects. He even told Bob he rubbed some on her clit before inserting
the finger stalk.

&nbsp;

I. I dooontttt knoooow whats the matter
with me. Bob spoke in a slow drawn out voice. Soon he just sat back in
the booth seat and simply stared at the older man. His arms and legs felt heavy
and he his head kind of flopped backwards.

&nbsp;

Come on buddy, youve had enough to drink tonight. DB said
loud enough for others to hear. Ill get you home. He pulled Bob from the
booth. Bob could move with help but didnt have much control of himself. When he was placed in the car seat his head went
back again. He was buckled in and then DB locked a pair of hand cuffs to one
wrist and the base of his seat.



You know Bob women are much more careful who they drink
with and what kind of drinks they take from strangers. After all, Ill bet you
never even considered being taken advantage of or any of the things women on
the town do now days. Your beers had a pretty good dose of Rohypnol. You know
the date rape drug. I know you can hear me and understanding everything. Thats
the good part. You can still watch your wife finish getting abused and then
raped. The problem is you more than likely will forget the whole evening but I
want you to know you have been a big help in my acquisition of your wife. Im a
white slaver. My real name is Trent.
I kidnap, do some minor training, sometime alterations to the product and then
sell hot looking women to the highest bidder. I got to admit, this was a first
where the womans husband delivered her to me. Like I said you probably wont
remember any of what I am telling you tomorrow but at least you can watch.

&nbsp;

Bob heard and understood every word he was told but couldnt
even lift his arm up to strike at this son-of a- bitch. A tear formed in his
eye as he thought how stupid he had been trusting a
complete stranger with his beloved Susan. Then he realized what the purpose of
telling someone they would be gone for awhile. No one knew where they where or
obviously what they had planned for this evening and if anyone came to ask,
they were told that they just going away for awhile.

&nbsp;

They drove back, to where Sue was hanging from the tree
limb. As Trent
had anticipated, Susan was madly thrusting and pitching about as much as her
spread eagled body and nipples allowed. By now her noosed tits were a deep dark
purplish color and her nipples looked to be extended a full inch and a half or
more from her tugging at their bindings. Trents
cock jumped to attention as he watched his captive jerk, moan and suffer with
everything. She didnt even realize they had returned.

&nbsp;

Bob could see his suffering wife from the car. It took about
everything just to try and sit up straighter. The muscle relaxant didnt allow
much more. He had to sit and watch as Trent
now took out a bull whip. Susan bolted and leaped the few inches of movement
her stretched body had gain through all her jerking about as the first of many
lashes struck and curled around her body. As the leather
snapped at her soft smooth skin, it left nasty red lines and even some welts.
Being that she hung upside down, the tender under sides of her breasts received
a lot of the lashes as did her thighs and ass. When he was done, her body was
covered is angry red and purplish stripes. She no longer jerked or moved but
rather hung limp when he finally released her legs and let her drop to the
ground. Bob wasnt sure if she might be dead as she laid
motionless. 

&nbsp;

To make sure Bob saw everything, Trent picked up his wife and draped her over
the hood of the car where he pulled out the finger of ginger from her ass and
held it up for him to see. This was followed by an unceremonious fucking of his
wife.

&nbsp;

At least while she was being fucked Bob noticed her eyes
flicker and her body react to the cock shoved up into her. He even thought he
saw her climaxing. 

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
-

&nbsp;

As much as Trent would have loved to enjoy the moment
longer her knew better. He had work to do and to stick
to his plan. Bobs wrists were cuffed behind his back for nothing more than
added security. In reality the date rape drug rendered him completely helpless
and Trent knew
hed remain that way for 6 to 8 hours but one can never be too sure in his line
of business. Bob was dumped in the back of the van and blindfolded. 

&nbsp;

Next he went to attend to Susan. As
fatigued as she was Susan was almost as useless to fight back as Bob was. Her
whipping and time spent struggling with the burning pain in her ass and all the
taunt ropes pulling on her limbs pretty much depleted her. The difference was
she was more alert than her drugged husband who was only a few feet from her. She
still had no idea the other man in her kidnapping was her husband. To Susan she
was still alone with the two men who kidnapped and beaten her. Surprisingly she
was given a t-shirt to put on. It only covered her bruised and beaten top.
Under the shirt her tits remained tied as did her nipples. Finally she was
cuffed behind her back. Trent
had taken some cotton gauze and tape to tape her eyes shut before adding a pair
of sunglasses to cover her blindfold.

&nbsp;

Trent left her sitting in the seat while he
collected all the ropes and things lying about before coming back in and
opening the glove compartment. There he removed a huge vibrator dildo. It was a
good 4 inched in girth and a foot long. He forced Susan to mount it. She
realized the thing was huge and try as she might she only could work about 5
inched up into her before slowing down. Trent
hollered at her to get it in her. Her pleas that it was too
big was met with a couple vicious smacks to her tied tits followed by
him pushing down on her shoulder. Susan knew if she didnt keep trying hed rip
her apart the way he wanted her to do it so she tried her best to think of
something arousing. Ironically, what she thought about was how she had to look
hanging spread eagled and being whipped.

&nbsp;

Inch by inch it stretched her open
and slipped up into her. He was satisfied when there was but 3 inched
remaining. Trent
clicked on the vibrator. She couldnt believe its power. It had to be run by a
5 hp motor she thought.

&nbsp;

You keep fucking that thing and
dont stop or Ill shove a half-dozen more of those ginger sticks up your ass.
Do you understand?

&nbsp;

Susan cried but nodded as she
began to slowly move up and down on the slick vibrating cock. Trent pulled the van back and got on the
road. Hed be back in a little while for the Banks car but for now he had a
muther fucking slut fucking a tree limb up her twat next to him and her drugged
husband to attend to. He enjoyed watching her bound tits jiggling as she fucked
the dildo. He enjoyed listening to her moaning and grunting as she fucked away
at the huge sex toy and finally seeing the slut orgasm a couple of times during
the ride. 

&nbsp;

In reality, he took them only a
few miles away from where they hung Susan but he drove around with the two for
over an hour so there was little way they had any idea where they might be.
Susan was taken into the basement of the house where a room and her cell was
ready for her. Trent
cut the leather straps from around her deep purplish tits. She screamed as the
blood rushed back to her tortured boobs. The same only worse happen when he cut
the floss nooses from her nipples. The cuffs and eye gauze remained on her. Bob was taken to the barns basement where a
similar cell awaited him. Neither knew where the other would be. Neither knew
what had happen to the other. 

&nbsp;

After shutting off the lights to
the rooms, both were left in complete and total darkness in the windowless
rooms. Susan fell asleep in a few minutes. She was so sore and hurt everywhere.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

*** TO BE CONTINUED ***














Susan Banks          (Summerville)



 
  .
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  2
  2007-04-09T22:57:00Z
  2007-04-09T22:57:00Z
  7
  2741
  15629
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  130
  36
  18334
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






&nbsp;

CHAPTER 22 

(WELCOME)

&nbsp;

When Susan began to stir she became very alarmed. She could
tell she was naked and immediately noted her wrists were cuffed behind her
back. The most disturbing thing was she couldnt open her eyes even though in
the totally blacken room there was nothing to see. She tried rolling over a
little to feel the edge of whatever she was laying. Her ass and thighs hurt.
She began tracing welt lines on her ass and thighs and anywhere else her cuffed
wrists allowed her movement. Her breasts and especially her nipples seem to
throb. She laid back and tried to recall what all happen the night before. She
remembered being grabbed by someone who jumped out of the van that was parked
next to their car. Her struggles were brief as he held something over her mouth
and nose. The next thing she remembered was being tied and stripped. She
recalled there was an older man who seemed in charge and another guy who had a
gun pointed at her but it was clear the old man was in charge.

&nbsp;

And for no reason she was whipped mercilessly on her ass,
tits and heartlessly on and into her spread cunt. And just when she thought
that was about as terrible as things could get they staked out her nipples
pulling them as far as they would stretch and left her there for a long time. She remembers suffering not only being hung
upside down in the severe position but with something shoved down into her ass
that burn like hell and seem to increase over time. The burning became so
intense that she tried to some how expel whatever it
was from her ass however clinching her ass muscles to try and push it out only
got her more burning. Try as she might, she couldnt hold still from the pain
and she struggled for a long time.

&nbsp;

When the men returned she hoped it was over or at least
maybe they would just fuck her and let her go but instead she recalled
receiving another whipping. This one may have been the worse whipping she had
ever received. The harsh coil from the whip hurt as if it cut around her body while the leather
throngs tip felt like it burnt itself into her flesh. She had never felt
anything so brutal in all the things Larry or others had done to her. She was
sure she was going to be whipped to death when it finally stopped.

&nbsp;

Then she recalled being fucked but only by one of them. The
one who later put her in the van and made her fuck a huge vibrator. Where the
other guy went she had no idea. She was blindfolded from that point on.

&nbsp;

She began thinking about her husband and what he might be
doing. By now he must be going crazy searching for her. Surely he had the
police involved too. As she thought more about everything she figured more than
likely a couple of those men from the bar grabbed her. If this was true Bob
hopefully had some leads as to who took her and where she might be right now.
She knew Bob would not stop looking for her until she was found. 

&nbsp;

Then she began thinking the worse scenario. What is they hurt or did worse to Bob? What if they just wanted
to use her and kill her when they are done? She knew it was a very real
possibility. No witness is the best witness. She decided to be as cooperative
as possible in hopes of keeping them interested in her. 

&nbsp;

- -

&nbsp;

Bob too awoke cuffed and blindfolded although not naked. His
mind was truly reeling. He had no idea how he got where he was or why his
wrists were cuffed behind his back. In reality because of the date rape drug he
was fuzzy about most everything all the way to the point of leaving the bar.
What the fuck happen her tried to think? But only bits and piece of the time
with DB Slaver and his wife flashed into and quickly out of his mind. She was
hung upside down naked but where? He remembered whipping her ass but nothing
else. Then even though he wasnt sure he thought they had left her like that.

&nbsp;

Some one help. Help please.
Hello!

&nbsp;

Bob began screaming for help for the next 20 minutes before
tiring of it. Please be safe, Sue. He muttered to himself.

&nbsp;

- -

&nbsp;

As for Trent
he was up early. He drove to the Banks home and let himself in with the key he
found on Bob. He put on rubber gloves and began rummaging through drawers and
files. He collected what records, accounts and info he needed for now before
stumbling on an envelope with a thousand dollars in it. The envelope was marked
for emergency use. Trent
couldnt help but chuckle. I have to say this qualifies as a real emergency
for them. He said before stuffing it into his pocket. Then just as he began to
leave she spotted something that surprised him. It was a picture of Sue and Bob
with a young girl between them. Trent
thought back to his research notes. He recalled that Susans medical records
stated she was incapable of conceiving which was a hell of a
bonus selling point. He placed the picture back down on the shelf.

&nbsp;

Locking everything up, he went out the back door and walked
the two blocks down the street where he parked his car. He got in and checked
his watch. It was 7:14 AM. He wondered if his two guests were up yet. He needed
to get back to start the ball rolling and to get their cooperation for a few
things.

&nbsp;

- -

&nbsp;

Susan heard a door opening and foot steps. She scooted
herself over and forced herself to sit up as she heard someone approaching. Her
heart began to pound. Would they hurt her more or fuck her. Or was it someone
who would rescue her? At first she was about to call out but then thought if it
were her captors, she wanted to prove she would cooperate with them. Give them
no trouble.

&nbsp;

A hand went to her face and slowly removed the gauze and
tape from her eyes. The light hurt her eyes for a while before finally
adjusting to the light. To her surprise another man stood before them. He was a
man much younger than the one was in charge from the night before. He had a
handlebar mustache, long hair and a scar across his left cheek but when he spoke
he sounded strangely familiar to the older man from the night before. Get up.
He ordered. Susan struggled to comply but when she wasnt up fast enough he
grabbed her hair and yanked her the rest of the way
up. Pointing to a toilet in the corner, he told her. If you have to go, do it
now. At first she had trouble peeing but finally her flow began. He saw how
she blushed in shame about peeing in front of a stranger. 

&nbsp;

Im going to unlock your hand cuffs and let you have
something to eat. Are you going to be good? he asked? She whispered she would.
He told her to wait on the bunk and left. He left to go up stairs to get her
some water and a roll. The sound of the cell door closing assured her the bars
were solid. He quickly returned carrying just the cup and a roll. He poked at
something and she heard a faint beep and then the sound of the lock clicking
open. It was then she noticed for the first time a key pad on the inside of the
cell door. Instead of closing the door he stood in front of it.

&nbsp;

Hurry and eat. I got a lot to do this morning.

&nbsp;

Susan took a bite out of the roll and sipped the water. The
roll tasted stale but she wasnt about to complain. She decided to dare and ask
him what was happening. The man looked up at her. Its all about money,
Susan. was his only reply.

&nbsp;

What do you mean? Im sure my husband will pay you anything
you want. But please dont hurt me anymore.

&nbsp;

Well see. he said. If youre a good obedient slut and do
everything without hesitation or try anything stupid you might just get away
with the light treatment you got last night.

&nbsp;

Two things hit Susan like a bolt of lightening as he spoke.
First his voice was the same as the man who took her from Larry two nights
earlier but his appearance, his face all looked completely different. And yet
his voice sounded like that guys as well as the older
man from outside the bar. Secondly, if he thought her pain from last night was
getting off easy it frighten her to think what could be worse.

&nbsp;

Please that whipping hurt me so much. Look at the bruises
and welts on me.

&nbsp;

Yes, they are beautiful indeed, now finish up. I have to
get a few things ready in the other room. And with that he went through a
doorway she had not yet noticed. The light turned on in the other room and she heard
him moving things around. 

&nbsp;

Carefully she dared to get up and peek into the other room.
What she saw scared the hell out of her. There were chains and pulleys and
ropes and whips and things she had no idea what they were for. He looked to be
getting something out of a locked cabinet. When she slowly went to sit back
down she noticed the her cells door was still open.
She looked over her shoulder to assure he couldnt see her and she crept out of
the door and quietly went up the stairs. At the top of the stairs was a heavy wooden
door. As soon as she discovered it was locked she hurried back down. Luckily he
was still busy in the other room. She sat back on her bunk and finished her
roll and water just when he came back into the room.

&nbsp;

He told her she was going to have to endure a little more
pain but it had a purpose. She pleaded and told him she was still very sore.
Ill bet you are. He laughed. Dont worry this will just be just a little
tingly shock to make you jump around. He matter-of-factly told her.

&nbsp;

How much. Please no.

&nbsp;

That depends if you obey and cooperate.

&nbsp;

I promise. I will obey and do anything you say. You dont
have to hurt me. Ill do whatever you want. She assured him.

&nbsp;

He seemed amused at her pleads. Ah Susan a woman like you
with that kind of body has been created for abuse. You are a natural pain and
sex slut and I think even you know it.

&nbsp;

No, thats not true. She replied. Ive just been forced
to obey others.

&nbsp;

Humm, lets test that out. He said
and looked into the toilet where she had peed earlier. Dip your cup into this
toilet and drink your diluted piss. Susan recalled the horrible taste of the
ice and piss Larry made forced her to drink at the motel. She looked at her
captor with pleading eyes. Too late you hesitated. I told you I expect immediate
obedience from you slut.

&nbsp;

No, Im sorry, please Ill do it. She said taking a couple
of steps toward the toilet bowl.

&nbsp;

I said its to fucken late. He growled as he stopped her.
He grabbed the cup from her hand and unzipped himself. In seconds a stream of
yellow piss flowed into the cup to the brim. Drink this. he handed her the
cup. It felt warm from his fresh piss. This time she dared not hesitate and
began to force the liquid down. Stop. He commanded.
Relieved she did. Tell me how you love drinking my piss. 

&nbsp;

Again he saw her blush deepen. I love it sir. She replied.

&nbsp;

Love what? 

&nbsp;

I love drinking your piss, sir.

&nbsp;

Good, then finish it all up and Ill make sure you get
plenty to drink since you love it so much.

&nbsp;

Susan coughed and choked when she finished but was able to
hold it in. He made her walk into the other room where her wrists were cuffed
into wrists restraints on a spreader bar. The bar had a chain attached to it
and soon he cranked a handle and she began to rise off the floor. He attached
straps and chains to her ankles and locked each ankle way out to floor rings.
He went back to the wench and cranked it some more. Susan felt her arms and legs
being stretched out to the point she was afraid of dislocation. The guy tested
her bodys tautness. He could move her but only a few inches.

&nbsp;

Oh please no. she implored when she saw him holding nasty
looking alligator clips with wires attached. She wiggled just a little as he
stretched out on her left nipple. Sue whimpered as she watched the metal teeth
open over it. The pain when he let it close on the still sore nub was intense. Her
head jerked back and she howled. Of course this didnt stop him from repeating
the procedure to her right nipple. Susan began panting and trying to deal with
the biting pain of the spring tension metal teeth gnawing into her tender nips.


&nbsp;

Humm one more left. He said holding another clip with
leads. Tell me where I should put this one, slut. Susan knew where he wanted
it but just shook her head no. She just didnt want to believe he would place
something so horrible anywhere on her pussy. More
disobedience. That will earn you 2 levels higher setting of shock. He
smiled at her tear filled eyes. Now you tell me slut, where should I place this one to give
you the most pain.?

&nbsp;

Susan could barely speak. On my pussy
sir. She whispered. 

&nbsp;

Cunt, a cunt, you are a slut slave and only have a cunt. If
you say breast or pussy again, you will be punished for it. Ladies have virginas
or maybe pussies and breasts but you are a slut slave with tits to whip, an ass
to whip and fuck and a cunt for anyone to use. Say it.

&nbsp;

Cunt, I have a cunt. She cried out.

&nbsp;

She winced the instant she felt the
touch of the metal clip to her cunt. Slut, answer me honestly or you will earn
even more levels of shock. Do you think it will hurt more clipping this to your
cunt lips or your clit?

&nbsp;

Susan burst out crying but some how managed to utter the
word clit. I thought so too. He said as he began to massage her love button. 

&nbsp;

Ahhhhhh she moaned and cried as she felt herself reacting
to his touch. Her body was betraying her. When he let the clips teeth close
upon the small swollen nub she went wild, jerking and twisting as much as she
could in her tight restraints. Susan pleaded and promised anything if he would just
remove that clip. Instead he left her for awhile to calm down.

&nbsp;

Upon returning, her head was hung down. She was dripping
sweat and breathing deeply. He calmly and indifferently sat in a chair to the
side and placed a box in his lap. The box had the other ends of the wires
attached to it. I have only tested this on my finger at level two. That is the
level I had plan for you today. With that she saw a green light go on and then
saw him turn a knob that clicked twice. Sharp stinging pain shot into her
nipples and clit. It felt as if someone was pricking her in those areas with multiple
pins. Susan pulled on her restraints and cried out. I can only imagine how
that hurts on your nipples and clit. But enough empathy.
He turned the knob two more clicks. The pain doubled. She shook and danced and
screamed louder than she imagined she could. Susan began begging for him to
stop it. She promised him anything. She shouted how she will obey and be a good
slut slave. He pushed a button and the green light went off along with the
power but he left the setting at 4.

&nbsp;

So you say youre going to be a good slave?

&nbsp;

Yes, yes please. She interrupted him.

&nbsp;

As I said you were to just get level 2 but you earned level
4 when you hesitated drinking the toilet water. That is how things are going to
work and there will be no recourse once you disobey, hesitate or lie. You are
lucky you told me you would hurt more getting shocked to your clit or you would
have earn another 2 level. Hell there are only 8 shock
levels in all.

&nbsp;

Please Ill be good.

&nbsp;

Do you understand once you earned a punishment all the
begging will not stop it? As a matter of fact if you beg forgiveness knowing
you deserve the correction and punishment, that will
earn you extra punishment. Do you understand?

&nbsp;

Yes. She replied in a panting voice.

&nbsp;

Good lets review. He said setting down the controller to
Sues relief.

&nbsp;

Do you know how you will earn punishments?

&nbsp;

She began to nod but then realized like before he wanted her
to say it. If I hesitate to do anything you ask, I will be
punished. If I disobey, I will be punished. If I lie I will be punished.
If I say pussy or breast instead of cunt and tits, I will be punished. And if I
beg or plead for forgiveness, I will be punished.

&nbsp;

Trent
nodded. His plan on breaking her early was working but now he had to teach her
nothing will get by him. Do you agree a slut slave deserves punishments for
these things? Susan was afraid when she finally eagerly agreed but he didnt
seem to notice her hesitation. 

&nbsp;

Of course until everything is completed, you will probably
get some pain if your husband doesnt cooperate. Unfortunately, any hesitation
by him will be paid by you too.

&nbsp;

Trent
reached for what looked like a TV controller and sat back into the chair. Slut
are you being honest with me? 

&nbsp;

Yes sir. She quickly replied.

&nbsp;

And you will obey and not try to escape if the chance
arises because there will be times when I will need you out in public and
expect utmost obedience.

&nbsp;

Yes sir.

&nbsp;

Humm, Im a little perplexed about your honesty. He
continued as he scratched his head. You swear your obedience and honesty but
you havent told me about how you already tried to escape. Trent
clicked the TV remote and Susan saw her image on the bed getting up and
sneaking out the cell door. Her mouth dropped just as he turned the zapper back
on and turned up voltage to a level 6.

&nbsp;

Susans eyes nearly rolled up into her head. She screamed
until it only sounded like a gurgling sound. Trent nonchalantly walked up behind her and
stuffed a rubber ball gag into her mouth. Cant have you biting or swallowing your
tongue, can we? He said as he buckled it. He sat back down and watched her
shake as if .. as if she was being electrocuted. Trent knew the levels
were an unbearable torture but they were non-life threatening for a healthy
woman Susans age. He always enjoyed watching one of his captives suffering for
the first time knowing the painful lesson she was learning would work wonders later.
In a sadistic moment he turned up the shocker to maximum for only a few seconds
before turning the power completely off. Susan coughed and moaned. Her chest
rose and fell and she gasped for breath. Never turned it up
to 8 until now. Youre special.

&nbsp;

Trent
placed the electro controller on a platform in front of Susans hanging spread
eagle body and looked back toward the TV for placement.

&nbsp;

I got some passwords, pin numbers and codes to get from
your hubby. You just hang tight. He sarcastically stated. Oh dont worry
about this thing, he said pointing to the controller, the only way it will
activate is if Bobby doesnt cooperate. Then its his fault if you fry again.

&nbsp;

Before leaving the room, Trent clicked a spotlight on that
was directed on Sues hanging frame. With the light in her eyes she couldnt
see him adjusting a camera mounted on a tripod at her. She heard the cell door
lock.

&nbsp;

*** TO BE CONTINUED ****

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Susan Banks          (Summerville)



 
  .
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  62
  2007-05-07T00:55:00Z
  2007-05-07T00:55:00Z
  7
  2887
  16462
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  137
  38
  19311
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






C.U.F.F.S. { Consensual, Ultimate
acceptance, Future Forced Slave }

By DJC

&nbsp;

CHAPTER 23 

( HOWS YOUR HEAD FEELING )

&nbsp;

Trent
made the short walk across the barnyard to the empty equipment barn where Bob
was housed in its basement. Unlike his wife, Bob was totally confused as to
what in hell had happen but he soon would find out.

&nbsp;

Good morning Bob. Trent
said cheerfully carrying a similar electrical shocker and control box he had
attached to Susans tits and clit. I assume you slept ok but probably have a
bit of a headache this morning. Drinking does that you know.

&nbsp;

What has happen? What happen to my wife? What do you want?
he blabbered out the questions in rapid secession. Still blindfolded and
cuffed, all Bob was reacting to was DB Slavers voice
but he sounded different. Like without the old mans groggy sound to it.

&nbsp;

All in good time, Bob. Trent stated as he walked
over to a mounted TV screen and turned it to face Bobs cell. Now first thing,
first, Bob. He said unlocking the cell door with the same key pad lock, then took
off Bobs blindfold. It took Bob a little while to adjust to the light before
he saw the younger man with the handlebar mustache and scar across
his face.

&nbsp;

Who are you and what do you want? Bob asked again.

&nbsp;

Ill explain everything you need to know but first I
want. Trends sentence was cut off when Bob shouted, Damn it no! I want to
know where I am and where is my wife? Who the fuck are
you?

&nbsp;

Trent
shook his head and pointed the TVs controller to turn it on. Bobs eyes widen
as he saw Susan hanging spread eagle. Before Bob could ask another question, he
saw Trent
opening a flip phone, punching in some numbers and then suddenly Susans body
seem to jolt and shudder about and she began to scream behind her ball gag.
You did this to your wife. Trent
unemotionally stated. I want you to shut up and listen to me. Do you understand, Bob? Because if you dont she contues to
feel the electrical current.

&nbsp;

Ya,. yes. He nodded while replying
without taking his eye off his twitching wifes body. What are you doing to
her? he absent mindedly asked.

&nbsp;

Your asking that question again just earned Suzy slut an
added full minute of electrical shocks to those magnificent tits and her clit.
Trent said
while joining Bob listening to Sues muffled shrieks and watched her fight the
restraints as she shook from the electrical jolts to her most sensitive areas of
her body. 

&nbsp;

To Bob it seemed to last 5 minutes before he noticed
something stopped and his wifes body went limp. She was panting. Her head
rolled from one shoulder to the other. Trent
waited a few seconds longer to see if Bob would dare speak again.

&nbsp;

Good. So we understand each other. Anytime you speak
without permission, your wife will suffer. And each new punishment occurrence
will increase in length.

&nbsp;

Trent
lean up against the cell bars. As you may have guessed by now, I am not, nor
is there a DB Slaver or any one you know. I am a business man and as long as we
are doing business together and you and your wife completely cooperate with me,
no one will get hurt. Trent
snickers at what he just said and added. Well hurt is a relative term I guess.
Im afraid your wife will most definitely experience quit a bit of pain but
unless either of you stop cooperating with me, lets just say no one needs to
die. 

&nbsp;

Please, we have money. Bob said.

&nbsp;

Trent
scratched his head. His facial expression, displayed a bit of frustration as he
flipped open his cell phone again. Bob screamed no just as Susans muffled screams
commenced once more. Bobs mouth open to protest but he remained silent. Tears
filled his eyes as he once again watched his naked wife jerking and tossing
what little the fetters allowed her for the next 90 seconds. What neither he
nor Trent could know was during that minute and a half session she had a climax
too.

&nbsp;

As I was saying, Trent
continued the moment Susans body once more wilted and hung still. I am well
aware of the money you have Mr. Banks. I know all the assets available to you
and expect your full cooperation in transferring all of them to me but first it
may help for you to fully understand the extent of my power over you and your
wife so we can make this a little easier on poor Susan there. He said nodding
toward the TV screen.

&nbsp;

First let me explain these accommodations and the situation
to you. Your cell door is electronically controlled by a five digit pin number,
one for lock and a different one for open. This is so, if at some chance in
time there would be an opportunity for you to say risk attempting something stupid,
only I could open the cell. If I were to meet an untimely demise, Im afraid
you and your wife would eventually starve to death while locked in your cells.
Is that understood, Bob?

&nbsp;

Bob nodded.

&nbsp;

Your wife is at a different location. Lets
just say, its a decent drive. He lied. I will let you see or witness some of
the time I am with Susan both for encouragement and motivational purposes.
Dont forget Bob, you, you contacted me. You got your wife into this. You are
responsible for whatever happens.

&nbsp;

Trent
liked the idea of making each of the two feel responsible for their situation.
Later on he would tell Susan if she hadnt contacted him or done the things she
did, Bob wouldnt be in the situation he was in. The guilt factor
seem to assist with cooperation.

&nbsp;

Im going to release your cuffs in a moment but first
consider this. I will punch in a pin number on my cell phone which sends a
command to the electrical shock box controller. It will be a 15 minute delay
start for the juice flowing to your wifes tits and cunt. If I dont or heaven
forbid, cant for some reason send the cancel command, Im afraid Bob, it would
mean a continues electrical torture for poor slut
until her heart or nervous system cant take it any longer. Then again shes
young and strong, Ill bet she could last suffering like
that for hours before the inevitable end. 

&nbsp;

Bob knew exactly the meaning of this and remained placid
once released. Ok, now, Trent
continued once placing the cuffs in his back pocket and taking out a pad and
pen. First thing, what is your ATM pin number?

&nbsp;

Bob thought for a second longer than he should have then
sighed and said, 8181. 

&nbsp;

Bob, Bob, Bob. Dont you know how dangerous, it is to use a
number like you address as a pin number. Any punk who might have just gotten
hold of your ATM card might have tried that number. Trent said holding up Bobs bank card. He
stood up and took two steps toward the cell door, hesitated for a few seconds
and turned back toward Bob. I guess I should tell you, if I drive all the way
to the bank and find out this is not your pin number, Susans torture goes up 3
fold so to make sure, you did say 8181, right?

&nbsp;

Wait, ok. Its 5418.

&nbsp;

Trent
shook his head. He unlocked the door, stepped out and relocked it before pulling
the cell phone from his pocket. Your wife has earned herself a five minute
shocking session for some misconduct earlier this morning. Your lying about the
pin number has just doubled it. 

&nbsp;

No please! Bob screamed.

&nbsp;

Oops, you just tripled it. Want to go for quadrupling it?

&nbsp;

Bobs eyes were riveted to the screen expecting to see his
wife dancing in pain again. Instead, he heard a phone ring and speaker picked
up the call. How are you doing slut? Did you get your husbands messages? I
had them hard wired to your cunt and tits.

&nbsp;

Susans head lifted slightly. Her body was bathed in
dripping sweat. I asked you a question, slut. Did you get the messages your
husband had me send you? She wasnt sure what messages he was referring to.
Suddenly she received four short electrical jolts to just her clit. She
frantically nodded yes when she understood his meaning. Good. Well Im afraid
you husband isnt as quick of a learner as you are, my dear, so this is how it
will go. You earned yourself five minutes of continues shock for your
disobedience from this morning however Bob has decided you should get three
times the torture. Im afraid this dumb fucker doesnt realize just how
terrible it hurts to have electricity shot through your nipple to your tits and
sizzling into a clit but he has been watching and if Im not mistaken, he
developed a hell of a boner watching you on camera suffering. 

&nbsp;

Bobs heart sank, knowing it was true. His cock was as hard
as a rock. 

&nbsp;

So we dont desensitize that clitty of yours, I think I
will program each 5 minute session to occur separately but if I come back from
your bank after making a small withdraw and discover Bobby here didnt cum
while enjoying the show you will provide him, Im afraid that you will suffer
the consequences. Nod your head if you want your husband to cum while watching
you suffering. Susan nodded immediately. She felt humiliated going along with
this guys game to torment her husband but she wanted nothing to do with any
additional punishments. There you go Bob. Heres three Dixie
cups. You better enjoy watching Susans electrical dance. I expect you to be
playing with yourself while watching each of the sessions you and her earned
this morning and I want to see a donation from each show, beginning right now.
He said while pushing the button that sent the first five minutes of continues
jolts into Susans body.

&nbsp;

At first Bob sat stunned watching Susans thrashings before
pulling out his cock. What he didnt know was Trent turned on a video recorder catching him
jerking off while watching his wife tortured. Trent wasnt sure exactly what he would do
with the recording but it would stay on file.

&nbsp;

You guys make a loving couple, you know. Your
wife enjoying pain and humiliation and you benefiting from watching her
suffering though it. He said to
humiliate Bob before closing the door leading down to the barns basement. 

&nbsp;

-- - -

&nbsp;

Trent
took his time going to the bank. He wore a hooded shirt and hat and was careful
not to let any of this bank branchs security cameras get a good shot of his
already disguised face. He also used a latex finger cover on the finger he used
to punch the pin code on the pad. No finger prints would be left anywhere. He
wasnt surprised that the pin number was good but this was just a small test of
a few hundred dollars. The bigger money would come from liquidating all their
assets and finally culminating with the sale of Susan into white slavery but
that would take weeks and he had expenses that these petty cash trips would
cover. He also had needs which a certain blond slut world
provide him over these weeks.

&nbsp;

It was close to noon when Trent returned to Bobs cell. His sexy naked
captive on the TV screen looked worn as she hung spread open in full color.
Did you enjoy yourself? Trent
asked looking at the three paper cups with cum in each one. Bob was about to
reply then remembered about his no speaking rule. He nodded affirmatively. You
must really get off watching your wife tortured. You did cum each time like I
told you didnt you? Again he nodded. Good because you know what disobedience
will get your wife, dont you? One more confirming nod.
Lets just check for sure. He said clicking the TV
controller while fast rewinding a recording of Bobs cell. Trent found what he was looking for. Clearly
Bob was pouring cum from a cup into another so all three would have some of the cum he was depleted while watching Susans first torture
session. 

&nbsp;

Please, I honestly wanted to comply with your demands but I
cant cum that quickly in such a short time. Bob knew speaking was against the
rules but he had to make this maniac realize it was impossible.

&nbsp;

Tish, tish tish. Was Trends only reply. 

&nbsp;

Please take our money. Take anything you want but you cant
put Sue through that again. He pleaded.

&nbsp;

Oh but I can Bob. I can do whatever I want with the slut.
She is a real slut you know Bob. Did you know shes been fucking your associate
Larry Parker for weeks? She enjoyed his cock and being his slut slave so much
she started drugging you the evenings she wanted to go out with him.

&nbsp;

The look Bob gave Trent
told him he didnt believe him. Trent
walked over to a box and pulled out an envelope. Bob could tell he was
obviously looking through a stack of pictures until he found the two he wanted.
I think this will confirm a little of what Im telling you. He said handing
the photos through the bars to Bob.

&nbsp;

The first picture was one Larry had set up his camera to
take of Susan, naked on their bed while Bob was tranquilized. She had on some
sort of collar with a tag. Her legs were spread open and she appeared to be
coaxing someone to come to her. But the most disturbing picture was the second
one. It showed her basically sitting on him while bent over and sucking Larry
Parkers dick right in their own bed. Bobs hand went to cover his mouth as he
whispered fuck no.

&nbsp;

Giving Bob this initial information was the first step in
Trends plan. Strip!

&nbsp;

Bob wasnt even fully aware Trent had spoke for a moment. He looked up at
the man with a surprised look on his face. I said strip, now or else. He said
holding the dredged cell phone in his hand. Bob slowly got up and took all his
clothes off and handed them to Trent.


&nbsp;

Next he handed Bob the second electrical shocker and told
him place two clips to each of his nipples as well as his scrotum.

&nbsp;

Bob just sat holding the mechanism. He couldnt believe he
wanted him to attach it to his own nipples and balls. Trent didnt hesitate to pull out the phone
again. He punched in codes and instantly Susan started reacting to the
electricity bombarding her body. Her muffled screams seem to hit a new peek.
Bob watched his wife suffering from his indecisiveness. After clipping his left
nipple he went slower to clip this right. To clip his own balls was frightening
but he knew he had to. He raised his hands away to show he completed his task.

&nbsp;

Hit the on button. He did expecting to be shocked but
nothing. Turn that knob to the first point. Bob did so and his hands
immediately went to his balls. He unsnapped the clips. Ahhhhh.

&nbsp;

Put them back on Bob. Trent demanded. It took all his will power to
do so. Turn it up another notch.

&nbsp;

This time when he did, there was no way he could will
himself to suffer such pain. Bob turned the controller off and whimpered as he
took the clips off his ball sacs as well as his nipples. He couldnt stop
shacking for a few seconds after the zapping stopped.

&nbsp;

You only experienced level 4. Your wife is receiving level
6 jolts to her nipples and clit. And all she can do is suffer.
Bob didnt think but instead shouted for him to stop her pain. Trent shook his head and started dialing the
controls number but stopped before hitting send. He had an idea.

&nbsp;

Ill tell you what Bob between your disobedience with not
cumming three times and that last out burst, you have racked up your wife 20
minutes of maximum shock level. Think of that. You couldnt handle  of that
level for 10 seconds. Bob kept shaking his head. He never felt so helpless.
Ill give you a chance at cutting the voltage level back to 4 but Ill warn
you, if you fail to accomplish a task to my satisfaction, its an added 10
minute punishment for Susan at level 8.

&nbsp;

Bob indicated he wanted to speak and Trent gave him a nod to do so. What is the
task? he asked.

&nbsp;

Sorry, you have to agree or not. Its not anything
impossible to accomplish. Rather easy actually. You will announce to your wife
her punishment but as I instruct you to do so.

&nbsp;

As much as he figured there was a catch, Bob couldnt fathom
anyone, let alone his wife, suffering a 20 minute torture of electrical shocks
at double the power he just experienced. Even at half it would be an
excruciating torture. Bob nodded ok.

&nbsp;

Ok Bob. Im going to give you a dozen photos of the slut
with Larry, a few with some boys at a baseball park and a few other odds and
end shots of her slutting around. Im going to take a piss and when I get back,
I will give you the cell phone which will be over the speaker where your wife
is. You are to tell her first what a slut you discovered her to be. Second, how
she got you both in this situation and thirdly, why she deserves the punishment
she is about to get. If you dont sound convincing to me, she will suffer worse
than you can imagine. Since you already agreed, if you back out, she will still
get the punishment. Your wifes fate for this punishment is in your hands. Trent went up and took
his piss while Bob was shocked at seeing pictures of his wife sucking boys off,
acting like a complete slut for Larry, the scum, and fucking other men. When,
how did this all happen? Bob wondered. In spite of these surprising
revelations, he didnt feel at all that this was Susans fault. They were kidnapped
and being robbed and Bob knew it was he who contacted this man. And there was
no way his love deserved to be punished like she would be. But he also knew he
better sound convincing or the unimaginable would await her. When this was all
over, he would explain why he had to say what he was about to tell her.

&nbsp;

Trent
came back in few minutes. He dialed his phone but before handing it to him, he
warn Bob to do something stupid, would cost them both. Bob nodded.

&nbsp;

When he was handed the phone he heard a beep both on the
phone and on the TV outside his cell. Susan, this is Bob. He announced. On
the screen, his wifes face seemed to come alive. She looked up at where the
speaker must be mounted. Her whole exhausted demeanor changed in seconds. Bob so
wanted to call her honey or sweetie and tell her he loved her but he knew for
her sake he had to sound mean.

&nbsp;

Listen to me you fucken
slut. I just have seen a bunch of pictures of you fucking Larry Parker and a
good half dozen other men. Not only that you bitch, there are photos of you
sucking a bunch of kids at a park. More of you willfully
exposing yourself. You are one hell of fucking slut. And because of the
way you have acted is why we are both suffering this fate. Bobs voice
quivered a little when he had to tell her she deserved another round of
punishment and that he could see her on TV.

&nbsp;

Trent
took the cell phone back, disconnected from the speaker in Susans area and
told Bob he did good and that he was programming only
level 4 voltage for the next 20 minutes. You see Bob, you cooperate with me,
and things will not be as bad as they could be. Bob saw him hit send and looked
at the screen. He saw Sues shacking her head no.
Tears ran down her cheeks. How Bob wanted to hug her. To help
her. How he wanted to scream out to this guy and call him a bastard. In
stead all he could do was stare at his wife hanging and quivering from the
constant zapping. 

&nbsp;

Once is started, Trent
turned off the light to the room and left Bob watching his wife suffer pain he
only could imagine.

&nbsp;

For Trent
the morning went well. Both Susan and Bob now have it in their heads that they
are responsible for this situation. By keeping them apart and keeping them from
communicating directly with each other, their guilt will help in each of their
cooperation. Any bravery or courage would result in making their partner
suffer. Trent
began to think of ways to test each of their resolve to protect the other. If
all works well, he might be able to move forward at a quicker pace.

&nbsp;

**** TO BE CONTINUE ****

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Susan Banks          (Summerville)



 
  .
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  57
  2007-05-13T17:53:00Z
  2007-05-13T17:53:00Z
  7
  2689
  15328
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  127
  35
  17982
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






&nbsp;

CHAPTER 24 

(A HITCH IN THE PLAN)

&nbsp;

Trent
walked across the barnyard to his waiting slut slave. Susan looked utterly
fatigued from both enduing the wicked jolts of electricity and her futile fight
with her restraints. Trent
cupped her sweaty tits and twisted the clips on her nipples until he finally
got a reaction from her limp body. He loved having so much control of a lovely
woman. And although he wanted and needed her cooperation when required, to be
honest his greatest joy was wrenching a reaction from a woman and forcing her
to comply. He observed as Susans body tighten and quiver from his abuse. Whether
this reaction was from pain or pleasure or both, he took great enjoyment in provoking
a response against ones will. So often Trents
victims would struggle not to cry or fight an orgasm but he knew a womans body
and knew how to wrest what he wanted from them. Trent continued to twist Sues already
swollen nipples until finally she gave up a muffled squeal from behind her gag.
Thats all I wanted to hear. He thought to himself before looking down her
body. An evil grin crept across his face when he noted that this sluts cunt
lips were puffy with her obvious arousal as well as leaking her juices.

&nbsp;

It was time for both pleasure and reinforcement. Trent knew, however, he
needed to allowed sufficient time so Bob would think it was travel time between
the two of them. During this time, he began playing with Susan clit and sliding
his fingers into her already wet cunt. He easily worked her up to the very edge
of an orgasm before stopping completely. Susan moaned
in heated frustration. This to her was more sadistic than all the electrical
shocks she just tolerated. 

&nbsp;

Trent
unclipped the lead biting her clit. Her body rose upward and she screamed into
her gag as the blood rushed back. She couldnt believe being released of the
nasty clip could cause so much pain.

&nbsp;

Im going to give you a choice slut. He stepped back and
made sure he had her attention. You can enjoy a climax with your husband
watching you fucking me on camera. Or you can take 15 minutes of full power
shocks to your nipples. Or you can beg me to fuck you and turning on the juice
to your tits only when you are about to climax. Which will it be?

&nbsp;

Susan was horny and needed a fucking but this whole
situation had pulled her back from the normal slut slave mood she often had
fallen under during these conditions. I dont know what you mean. Was all she
uttered.

&nbsp;

Trents
voice rose in a fake anger. Its easy you stupid slut. You fuck me on camera
with your husband watching or your nipples get lit up again or you fuck me and
tell me how bad you want anyone to fuck you and when you cum, you get to feel
the fireworks every woman wants to experience in bliss. Now choose or I will
for you.

&nbsp;

The last thing. The last one. she
blurted out. No camera.

&nbsp;

Ok, but listen to me slut, if at anytime while Im fucking
you, if I dont think you sound sincere about wanting to be fucked or wanting
the shocks to your tits, you will get all three.

&nbsp;

Trent
untied Susan while leaving the leads to her tits attached. He told her to lie
down on the floor while he checked his hidden camera angles. Start
playing with yourself and begging me for my cock slut.

&nbsp;

Susans fingers went straight to her slit. She felt she
could cum right then and there but knew if she did he might make her suffer all
three of his scenarios. 

&nbsp;

Please I need to be fucked. Please fuck me. Sues fingers
glistened with wetness as they plunged deeper into her cunt. I need a cock
anybodys cock. Please!

&nbsp;

What about your husband? What if he finds out?

&nbsp;

Susan stopped and looked over towards the man holding them
captive.

&nbsp;

Who told you to stop slut? You arent very convincing to
me. I think you get all three punishments.

&nbsp;

Please no. As soon as she begged, Susan realized her
mistake. Pleading only gets her worse punishments but it was this kind of reaction
Trent was sure
he could get from her.

&nbsp;

Now you only have two choices, slut. 25 minutes of full
power to your tits or fuck me, beg for my cock, and when I ask about your
husband, you will tell the camera you dont care what he thinks. He got you
into this situation with his planned ordeal and all you want is cock. Trent pulled up on both
nipple leads until Susan had to arch up off the floor. You have this one last
time to sound convincing and do it right or you and your husband will get the
same punishment. You heard what he said after discovering youd been fucking
around with that salesman Larry. Do you want him to suffer more pain today?

&nbsp;

Things were happening faster than Susan had time to reason.
Later, alone in the dark she thought about Bob seeing the special of her not
only fucking but enthusiastically fucking her captor. When asked about her
husband she said she didnt care and only wanted a cock. He asked her if her
husband was as good and she said no. Then just as she arched up in a colossal
climax she couldnt believe her own voice begged for the shocks to her tits. In
spite of the pain to her tits she continued to ride out the orgasm. The several
times she tired to reach of the clips with the leads, his hand stopped her and
all she could do was bounce around on the floor and fuck his cock. Even Trent was surprised how
strong her climax continued even while receiving full power to her nipples. It
was one hot ride and one he knew he would repeat it often while he still
possessed her.

&nbsp;

But at the end, Sue made one more final mistake. As Trent removed the leads
she noticed the camera was still on. She turned toward the camera and tried to
relate a message to Bob that she was sorry and didnt blame him. It was her
fault for what was happening to them. Unfortunately, Trent wasnt sending the feed live to Bobs
cell be rather he would see the edited version a half hour later. Susan earned
herself another punishment but it would have to wait.

&nbsp;

= ==

&nbsp;

Bobs eyes were filled with tears as he watched his wife
fuck a man more enthusiastically than he could ever imagine. He knew his wife
had gotten deeper into the S&amp;M scene but when she begged to have her tits shocked
and knowing first hand how that felt really stunned him. But what was devastating
was to hear her say she wanted any cock and confirmed his fears that she blamed
him for their situation. Right then and there he was convinced he would do most
anything to save her pain from his stupid move.

&nbsp;

+ ++

&nbsp;

By their 4th day in separate captivities, Trent pretty much had
them both pretty well down the road where he wanted them. Bob readily complied
with any of Trents
request after seeing what contraption or degree of punishment his wife would
endure if he didnt cooperate. Trent
had him quit his job. He told his boss his wifes family won a huge sum of
money and they were packed up and moving to join them. He asked if his cousin
Trent could pick up his final check. Needless to say they were none too happy
with him. The stock and bond sales were next and even when the account manager
warned him about huge tax considerations for cashing out,
Bob insisted he needed the money. Signing over the car for sale was relatively
easy. Now there was just the matter of the house and its belongings.

&nbsp;

This was going to be a job for Susan.

&nbsp;

Trent
had tested her repeatedly with ample opportunity to try and seek help from
outsiders. Of course this was rigged too but she came though without once
attempting anything stupid. The house went up for sale so far below market
price it sold in little over a week. It was while Trent had Susan in a scanty 6 inch skirt and blouse
with only the last two bottom buttons left on it, conducting a yard sale that
her biggest test came upon her. 

&nbsp;

Of course Trent
could not have predicted every thing but he prepped Sue on many situations that
might come up from being asked about her and her husbands dramatic turn of
events to her appearance. Each and every response he had directed her were
demeaning to her. For instance, when Janet asked her what was up and where was
Bob. Sue thought how to respond. She was told if anyone asked why they were
moving she was to bend over at the waist to exposed her naked ass from under
the tiny skirt and pick up a dollar from the tray from their sales and tell her
it was all about money. If someone asked about this other man, Ken, who was
with her, she was to grab her pussy and say hes real good at you know what.
Sue had to improvise as she spotted Ken (Trent)
listening to their conversation and watching her closely. She leaned forward
giving Ned an excellent and obvious shot at her tits under her open blouse.
Havent you ever wanted some young studs, Janet? They cost money, you know.

&nbsp;

Janet blew up immediately. Shed over looked seeing her
neighbor sneaking off with some guy for weeks now. She hadnt said anything
about the trampy outfits shed seen her in but hitting on her son was too much.
When Janet went to grab Susan away from her boy she pulled so hard the two
remaining buttons of the blouse popped off. Susans tits poured out. Her
attempts to protect herself only exposed herself more to the surprised garage
sale shoppers. Trent
enjoyed the two arguing women and Susan demeaning herself further until he felt
it was time to break it up.

&nbsp;

The garage sale contributed little compared to the sales of
the two cars, house and financial holding but it did wonders in molding a mind
set in Susans head. She was alone in this. She had no idea where Bob was but
she alone had the responsibility to make things go right even though Trent was making
everything so demeaning to her. 

&nbsp;

For instance when a couple from the end of the street were browsing
and the man asked if he could use the washroom, Trent seized on the opportunity
to order Susan to follow him in the house and if she did not come out later
with a mouth full of cum to show him, he threaten to tie 25 pound weights to
Bobs ball and make him hang from the rafters all night. Poor Susan had to do whatever
she could to convince the startled neighbor she desperately wanted to suck him
off when he came out of the bathroom. At first he thought is was a joke so she open her blouse and hiked up the shirt skirt exposing
herself while rubbing the front of his pants. Still he was worried about his
wife out front. Susan guided him to a back room and dropped to her knees. How
could any man fight such an insistent beautiful slut like Susan Banks? If only
he knew she was some kind of a nymphomaniac years ago.

&nbsp;

Once confirming Susans mouth was full of cum he told her to
hold it for the next 15 minutes. Just more humiliation as she and the satisfied
neighbor exchanged glances occasionally. What the hell he thought, his wife was
enjoying picking out bargains, why shouldnt he have enjoyed the neighborhood
slut? 

&nbsp;

= = ==

During the garage sale, Trent asked Susan once again why they had so
many pictures of them and their niece. She lied and told him it was because
they didnt have children of their own. It was then for the first time, Susan
wondered what and how Pam would react when she returned from Europe
to find them gone without a trace. It might be the one chance to have someone inquire about their true fate. Susan begged Trent to let her use the washroom. He allowed
it knowing the phones had been turned off and there was no one else in the
house.

&nbsp;

Susan rushed to Pams old room. She had smuggled a pen and
paper from the household items for sale and quickly wrote a note telling her
about her and her uncles kidnapping and the fact they were being held
somewhere within about an hours range. There was no real way for Sue to know
exactly because each time they went anywhere, she started out with her eyes
taped closed and the heavy sunglasses went over her eyes. Trent often drove for miles just to make sure
she couldnt determine distance.

&nbsp;

She finished the note telling her if things dont go well to
remember they loved her. She left the note in her nieces empty closet. Out of
sight but knowing shed look for her things.

&nbsp;

At 6pm Trent
decided every one of Bob and Sues neighbors either saw or heard about the
Banks moving and how slutty Susan Banks was acting. This along with the weeks
of spotting her playing with Larry should confirm they were neighbors they
would be happy to get off the block.

&nbsp;

Trent
called a local resale store and told them to pick up the remainder of the
things from the driveway. No donation slip was needed.

&nbsp;

He placed Susan kneeling in the van, stripping her, gagged
and blindfolded her and tied her wrists spread to each side of the vans back
walls. Next he tied ropes around her knees and spread them wider than she
thought she could endure. And now for a little fun. he said working an enormous
rubber cock dildo up into her cunt. It was so long he had to wedge it under her,
lifting her slightly. She was resting most of her weight on the thick cock. It
filled her so much but hurt too. Cant forget these babies.
He said just before her nipples felt the bite of sharp and powerful metal alligator
clips. Sue let out a cry but the gag worked its wonders in keeping it to an
enjoyable level of moaning and suffering. Now, now you didnt even wait for
the weights. Susans moaning changed to groans of pain when he added the two
five pound lead ball weights. 

&nbsp;

I get tired of stupid radio stations while driving. Your
pain and suffering will be my music while we drive home. But first I have to
close everything up. He said as he exited the van. Sue already was in great
pain. The rubber cock was pushing hard up her cunt with no way of easing the
pain from it. The little she tied to move caused the weights on her nipples to
sway ever so slightly. This made the terrible bite of the metal teeth pull on
her sensitive nipples. She instantly stopped. There was no way to unwedge the
dildo up in her. Her legs and body could not move off it. Once again she
resolved to endure the pain imposed upon her.

&nbsp;

Trent
did not return to his uncomfortable impaled van slave for awhile To her it seemed he left her like this for over an hour. When
he did return what was obvious to Susan was that he seem
to be in a bad mood. He open the side door of the van
and announced she wasnt suffering enough. In about 10 minutes her position and
situation had deteriorated immeasurably. First he untied her wrists from the
upper sides of the van and retied them along with her elbows very rigorously
behind her back. Next he added cords to the nipple clamps and pulled her tits
as far as possible toward the read door. The weights remained dangling only now
her tits and nipples were brutally stretched. Next he braided her hair and
began pulling it and her head backwards. Susan fought a loosing battle to
resist being pulled backwards since her tits were pulled so far forward by the
cords and biting metal alligator clips. In spite of the pain and her efforts, a
restrained slut slave never wins any kind of battle. Soon her hair, head and
arched back were pulled painfully to the limits and secured so no movement was
possible.

&nbsp;

The moment Trent
backed the van out of the driveway Susan discovered just how sadistic the
changes to her position would hurt her. Without the support of her arms that
were previously tied up to the sides of the van she could not support herself.
The shifting of the van caused her to wobble on her knees and on the huge dildo
she was impaled upon. But that wasnt all. Any movement started the twin 5
pound weights to wildly swing making the tight metal teeth of the clamps bite
and pull even more.

&nbsp;

Trent
made sure he took an extra long ride back to the farm. Susan suffered and
climaxed upon her massive fucking shaft for nearly a two hour ride. When the
van finally came to a stop, Sue was panting in pain and climatic exhaustion.
The dildo shaft was coated with her juices. Her nipples were puffed with
droplets of blood from the biting abuse. She barely responded when he released
her bonds. When he dropped her on her bed, she didnt move at all. Trent left the huge dildo
shoved up her stuffed cunt. She could sleep with her lover he thought to
himself.

&nbsp;

- -

&nbsp;

Trents
anger wasnt an act this time. Upon finding Sues note in an empty closet he
became infuriated with both this slut and Bob for hiding the fact that this Pamela
bitch obviously lived with them. In actuality, he was more so angry with
himself. Never in his background check of his potential captive and husband did
he discover a teenage child and never did his captive hint to her. He sat
looking at Sues note and wondered how he could have over looked something this
important and began questioning himself about kidnapping a married woman and
husband for the first time. Too many relationships to sever,
he thought to himself. Initially he saw mostly benefits capturing the
two. Playing ones guilt off the others had really
gained him quick cooperation with both of them. It seemed much easier than a
single captive who had nothing to gain except for his usual dose of painful
encouragements. With a couple he discovered not only were the sessions helpful
to the person suffering but doubly so with the one who witnessed it and
considered it was their fault for their partners affliction.

&nbsp;

After a drink, Trent
began to consider what his next steps should be. Option one would be to torture
the slut until she told him everything about this teenage niece. His other
option would be to question Bob with sever threats to his wife for the
information. And from whatever he discovered, he would have to take action
about this loose end.

&nbsp;

Lastly they would both need to be punished for holding back
information from him. They had to be taught a lesson but how? The more Trent thought about it
the better he felt. He could save time by making the slut suffer and her
husband convinced it would be all his fault. Trent already knew he had
broken down Bobs will and fight easier than his slut wife. Trent knew what to do next.

&nbsp;

(To be continued)














Susan Banks          (Summerville)



 
  .
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  11
  2007-05-18T14:59:00Z
  2007-05-18T14:59:00Z
  5
  1842
  10506
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  87
  24
  12324
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






&nbsp;

CHAPTER 25

TINY LITTLE ANTS

&nbsp;

Trent
let himself settle down a bit before acting on his plans. He knew acting in a
rage would not be would not be good for his merchandise in the basement nor would
it gain him a potential added bonus sale. On the other hand he needed to make a
point with a punishment for the couple. Before finally retiring for the night
he made the decision he would use a few of his newly acquired Amazon friends. A
punishment of this sort needs partners who would be merciless, sadistic and extremely
painful. And besides he never tried them out before and he was extremely
interested in monitoring their work.

&nbsp;

But first things first. Trent needed to know
everything about this Pamela girl and Bob would be his informant.

&nbsp;

You didnt eat all you breakfast. Trent said as he entered the room where Bob
was caged. Are you on a diet?

&nbsp;

Fuck you. Bob replied. 

&nbsp;

Trent
shook his head in pretend discuss. You just earned your pretty fucken wife 10
more lashes for that comment Bob. Do you enjoy watching her twist and scream
while being whipped on the TV?

&nbsp;

No. No please Im sorry. I just dont know what more do you
want from us. You took everything, the house, the stocks and all the money from
the bank, what more could you want. 

&nbsp;

Not much more Bob but that will depend on you and sluts
cooperation. He informed the dispirited captive. I told you at the beginning,
your complete cooperation and obedience will make all this go easier but its
up to you. Trent
waited for effect. You know, I dont know how much more beating your wifes
tits and ass can take but I will tell you her cunt never seems to get enough.
You must have been one hell of a stud, Bob. Shes inaccessible. But enough
about her nympho needs. Im going to ask you a few questions and I want you to
think about the consequences of lying to me. I already talked with your slut
wife and know what she told me so if your answers dont match, I know one or
the other are lying and as you know that will result in a very painful
afternoon for your dear slut wife. Trent
lied about already asking Sue any questions.

&nbsp;

Bob noticed this Ken guy, as he knew him, hadnt referred to
Susan by name now in 2 days but rather referred to her and possibly thought of
her as simply his slut wife. Then again Bob had seen him fucking her repeatedly
over the past days and she obviously sexually responded.

&nbsp;

What do you want to know? Bob asked with a sigh fully
ready to cooperate once again.

&nbsp;

Pamela. Cute. Young.
Who and what is she to you guys?

&nbsp;

Trent
noticed Bobs expression go from frustrated exhaustion to fear. He was pretty
sure he would not be getting an honest answer from him.

&nbsp;

Shes, shes our niece. He mumbled.

&nbsp;

Trent
sighed once again. I fucken know all that. Slut told me about her but I want
to know every detail.

&nbsp;

Like what?

&nbsp;

Trent
wasnt careful enough with his reply. Why are there so many pictures of you
guys and her and why did your slut want to contact her about your
disappearance?

&nbsp;

From his question Bob hoped Sue had not given up the fact
that Pam was returning home soon but if he was wrong, it would mean more
punishment for his wife. All kinds of answers ran though Bobs head. Even
though Sue and Pam didnt get along, he was pretty sure Sue would try to
protect her from this evil man. She, she visits us from time to time. We have
done a lot of things together since we never had our own kids so maybe Sue just
didnt want her to worry?

&nbsp;

Trent
knew from body language classes when he worked for the police that Bobs eye
movements as well as his broken speech patterns indicated he was lying but he didnt know what part.

&nbsp;

So youre saying she doesnt live with you?

&nbsp;

Even though Trent
had no clue to what Pams relationship was to the couple, his question sounded
to Bob like Sue may have told him otherwise.

&nbsp;

Well, she stays with us often. Bob was obviously
struggling as to what to say. Maybe Sue was thinking shed call or something.

&nbsp;

By this point Trent was pretty sure he was hiding something
important. He decided to call Bobs bluff. Bob I told you your slut will pay
the price of your lies. This is not what she told me about the girl.

&nbsp;

Ok, ok. We brought her up after her parents died but.

&nbsp;

This was a surprising revelation to Trent. How old is
she and you better be exact as to sluts answer.

&nbsp;

18 Bob replied. 

&nbsp;

Where is she?

&nbsp;

Was this a trick question? Bob thought. How would Sue
answer. Surely it would be safe to just say she was in Europe.
That had to be Sues answer. Europe. With friends. Bob answered in an uncertain tone.

&nbsp;

Even though Trent
was guessing, he asked the next question with the same intimidation as the
prior one. When is she expected home? Trent
knew it had to be sometime soon or the slut wouldnt have risked leaving a note
for her in the house.

&nbsp;

Once again Trent
noted Bob expression of fear. Fear what might happen if he spoke the truth.

&nbsp;

Ahh.. not
till after the New Year. Bob replied after some consideration how to reply.
Then he added in hope to counter whatever answer he thought Sue might have
made, Thats all kind of up in the air. It depends on her friends shes with.

&nbsp;

Trent
was sure something was being hidden to protect the teen. Since Bob had no idea
what Sue could have told him, if he really had quizzed her, he needed assurance
about the facts. He knew how to get to the truth.

&nbsp;

Bob put these on. he said handing him a set of handcuffs
through the bars of his cell. Behind your back after you put you arms through
and between one of the bars. Once this was completed Bob was helpless and
attached to the cells bars. Trent
opened the cell door. He placed a small glass jar on the Bobs cot.

&nbsp;

Bob I warned you about lying. he began. Do you know how
useless it is to try and hide things from me? Sue gave everything up to avoid
what she will get because of your lies.

&nbsp;

Even though it wasnt true, Bob was sure hed been caught in
his lies but he couldnt let this guy know Pam would be returning home in less
than a week. Im not. Sue must have told you wrong. Maybe
under duress. Bob pleaded.

&nbsp;

Bob I want you to meet a few partners of mine. Im going to
give you a small sampling of what you just earned you wife and before you speak
another lie. You will be able to watch her punishment once again and then I
will come back and we will start over.

&nbsp;

Trent
picked up the jar. It contained four little ants. He put on a pair of rubber
gloves and pulled a pair of tweezers from his pocket. Soon he had one of the
ants held in the tweeser. These Bob are sometimes called bullet ants. He said
as he positioned the ant so it just touched Bobs upper naked thigh. Nearly
instantly Bob felt a sharp sting. Trent
put the ant back with the others and closed the jar but just in that short time
the stinging increased three fold. In some places some of the same family of ants are called 24 hour ants. You know why Bob?
Bobs leg was in severe pain from the bite. He began sweating. Do you know why
Bob? Trent
asked again? Bob shook his head. Because they say that is how long as you have
left to live after a sting from one of them. Bobs breathing became deeper to
a near panting. It seemed impossible that such a tiny insect could deliver such
a sting and with such increasing pain in such a short time. Now dont you fret
none, Bob. These are from Central America.
They say they shouldnt be as deadly however the pain levels will increase for
the first hour and last perhaps as long as 24 hours. Now I have no real way of
knowing for sure but I guess you will let me know.

&nbsp;

Bob looked down at his thigh. There was a 3 inch red swollen
blotch. He had never felt anything so painful in his life and that included
being electrically shocked just the other day.

&nbsp;

Trent
pushed the closed circuit TV over so it was within Bobs view before picking up
the jar of ants. Listen to me carefully. He was right in Bob anguish ridden
face. The boys and I here are going to pay a visit to slut. Ill make sure she
knows they are a present from you. After experiencing a day of pain and seeing
what happens to her, I will ask you about your niece again and I want the truth
or we will repeat everything again.

&nbsp;

Bob already knew he could not stand the pain he was experiencing
and he also knew this man would be more sadistic to Sue than he had been with
himself. Ok, please dont do it. Ill tell you everything you want to know
right now. Bob screamed.

&nbsp;

Too late Bob. You got to
experience the fact that there are consequences for your actions otherwise you
will never learn. Bob began saying that Pam was returning home in a few more
days and that she was like their daughter. Trent knew he could get everything out of Bob
at this point but didnt care. He really wanted to try out the bullet ants on
the slut. Trents
cock was so hard from the thought of her suffering that he couldnt wait.
Tomorrow Bob. He said leaving the room and reminded him what would happens if he told a lie. Trent could hear Bobs frantic cries and
pleas. Damn these suckers must hurt like hell, he thought looking into the jar.
He made a mental note to be extra careful handling them.

- -

&nbsp;

As excited as Trent
was about experimenting with his new powerfully brutal little friends on Sues
body, he knew going too far with them could damage his merchandise. He promised
himself to take things slowly.

&nbsp;

Get up slut. Its time for your punishment for lying to
me. Trent wanted
Susan to think her up coming torture would be her fault while assuring her
husband it was all his fault. By keeping the couple
apart Trent
knew he could manipulate each of them much more effectively since they couldnt
communicate with each other. Watching the other suffer without a way to
reassure each other was a devastating tactic. This along with the fact, Sues
husband now had a first hand experience of the pain intensity level the bullet
ants could deliver. And yet he could only imagine being stung in more sensitive
places than a thigh.

&nbsp;

Sue obeyed fearing anything less would cause her worst pain.
Unfortunately for her, there was no way of her knowing that there was very
little more pain that this man could impart than what she was about to experience
now and last for over a day.

&nbsp;

The first thing was to tightly tie each of her tits with wet
leather cords. He pulled on them so tightly that she screamed as her trapped mounds
were about to explode from the leather cords. Wet leather shrinks when it dries.
He, matter-of-factly, informed her. If you think these beauties feel tight
now, he said, slapping the solid budging tit with one hand causing them to
knock together and making her cry out, wait a few hours when they tighten up
more than I could make them. The slightest jiggle from her squirming will feel
like they are on fire. Sue was surprised when he cuffed her wrists with wide
leather cuffs instead of his usual tight ropes. Trent knew shed soon be frantically
struggling with her restraints and shed need the extra protection from hurting
herself. A large wider pair were used to spread her
legs apart. Neither her arms nor legs were pulled drastically apart like other
times. Instead she noted she had unusual play in her restraints while still forced
to remain spread open. 

&nbsp;

Once again Trent
had planned this out. He wanted her to have the capability of movement even to
the point of some limited twisting. However with her tits so painfully tied, it
would have to be her own mental battle to remain still.

&nbsp;

Trent
had a couple more trimmings but before adding them he wanted her husband to be
clearly aware of her situation.

&nbsp;

You might as well entertain your husband, he said lining
up the tripod camera, after all slut, you arent the only one Ive noticed who
gets off on your suffering.

&nbsp;

Sue saw the green power light go on. She looked directly at
it. I love you. She was able to get out before Trent clicked it off.

&nbsp;

Who the fuck told you, you could speak? he shouted. You
just earned your husband the same fate as you will experience. He lied. There
was no point in really torturing the both of them as long as she thought it
would happen. On the other hand, this slight rebelliousness was the deciding
factor whether for giving her the full treatment with his little associates.

&nbsp;

----- TO BE CONTINUES ------














Susan Banks          (Summerville)



 
  .
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  209
  2007-05-18T15:00:00Z
  2007-05-18T15:00:00Z
  5
  2146
  12236
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  101
  28
  14354
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






&nbsp;

CHAPTER 26

A LITTLE NIBBLE HERE, A LITTLE NIBBLE THERE

&nbsp;

To prevent Susan from expressing any more love assurances to
her husband, Trent
used another of his new tools. He had a source for obtaining a drug used by
oral surgeons. It was in the same class as Novocain but lasted much longer due
to the longer time needed in oral surgery. He applied it directly on Susans
tongue. In about 5 minutes she had no control of it. It just felt dead in her
mouth and when she tried to say something all that came out was a gurgling
sound. To Trent
this would be better than a gag. Her cries would come though loud and clear
while speech of any sort would be cut off for almost 2 hours. Trent also liked the added pitiful additional
benefit of her drooling while shed scream. The utter helplessness of it all
was a pretty picture.

&nbsp;

Now that she was medically gagged and physically restrained,
Trent went
about focusing the camera on the tripod. He zeroed in
and focused a close up on her tits. He wanted Bob to see exactly where his wife
would be feeling the unbearable pain released by the bite of the bullet ants.
As he adjusted the lens for perfect focus, Trent caught himself unconsciously grabbing
his hard on with his other hand. His was so eager to begin that he came out of
character and gleefully announced to Susan that she would be the first to
endure his little friends.

&nbsp;

Sue of course had no way of knowing what the hell he was
talking about. All she knew is he assured her she would be punished for both
lying about who and what Pam was to them as well as trying to communicate with
her through the note he found in the closet. And just a few seconds ago he told
her shed receive additional punishment for trying to speak to her husband.
Already she knew this sadist would keep his vow to punish her for these
transgressions. She only hoped it wouldnt be more of that
terrible electrical shocks hed tortured her with before. If she only
knew, she would have begged for the electrical jolts even at the highest
setting.

&nbsp;

There I think everything is ready to begin. He said
looking at her standing
spread wide open. Suddenly, he walked to one of the cabinets
where he kept taking out the bondage gear he had been using on her over the
past few days. He rummaged around. Perfect. He blurted out as he returned
with a couple of metal poles, a board and what looked some nasty items she was
sure shed be feeling up her cunt and ass.

&nbsp;

He went about connecting the pipes to a connection in the
board and then attached a thick rubber dildo to one of the poles and a rubber
spiked butt plug to the other. He positioned her over the two soon to be
intruders before using something to raise them upward. Susan felt the tip to
the large rubber cock at her cunt lips. You love this slut. He stated when he
discovered she was already damp from her bondage and anticipation of what was
to come. Trent
turned a screw until 6 inched filled her cunt. Since her legs had some play in
the restraints, Sue was able to lift herself up on her toes until she got use
to the thick fake cock. His touch at the rim of her asshole startled her. He
used some kind of lubricant before positioning the plug at her asshole. At
first Sue tried to avoid the rising plug by lifting up as high on her toes as
she could. It was useless of course. Trent
waited as she carefully allowed herself to lower onto the stiff plug until she
detected the first row of pliable yet still spiny rubber barbs. When she seem to refuse to force herself down over them, he simply
screwed the pole upwards. She began to make gawking noises then a load cry
followed by some garbled incoherent sounds that he assumed were either pleading
or protesting. None the less she couldnt stop the full length of the plug from
finally drilling up into her ass before her sphincter closed over its broad bulb shape base.

&nbsp;

Trent
watched as his double impaled captive danced on her toes trying to tolerate the
chafing plug within her tender cavity. Any movement, up, down or sideways,
caused the points to scrape. The spontaneous effect was to jerk away from the
pain. This just trigger more pain. Finally she found
the least most painful position.

&nbsp;

If you are done dancing around, we will begin with your
punishment. He said with a smile and once again turned the power back on to
the camera.

&nbsp;

Trent
walked in front of Susan and looked back at the camera. Welcome Bob. I hope
you have found a relaxed position to enjoy what I think will be an action
packed performance by this slut here for the next few hours. You both know why
this punishment is being bestowed. Actually Bob and Sue had different notions
as for the reason of the punishment. You see behind me the bimbos tits. Tits
this slut so willingly enjoys flaunting at men. Tits with
very, very sensitive nipples. Did you know Bob a womans nipples have
more nerve endings than take for instance, a mans thigh.
What I am saying Bob is the pain threshold of a males thigh should be vastly
greater than something as sensitive as a womans nipple and yet its a fact
that women can endure higher pain thresholds than men. It doesnt hurt them any
less especially to high sensitive areas on their bodies. Youve have been lucky
to have found a woman who not only suffers well but craves pain. She fucken
gets off on it. Unexpectedly, Trent
bend over and began sucking hard on one of Susans
nipples. She let out a low moan and fought a futile battle to keep still as he
did so. He moved over to the other nipple while rolling the newly rigid nipple
with his fingers. Susan wished her restrains were taut so she could not shift.
She realized this was way they were somewhat slack. Shed have try and hold
still so as not to shred her ass upon the piercing plug.

&nbsp;

You see Bob, this slut who you thought was your innocent
wife, enjoys being fucked. She has opened her mouth of more cocks than you
could ever imagine but when she really wants to feel slutty she can milk a cock
with her ass better and any whore I have ever come across. Thats why, he
moved back to the back of the camera and direct the frame between her legs, in
spite of the pain she will endure, shell end up fucking this 3 diameter cock
up her fuck hole and that wont be easy since her ass has a spiked shaft up it
that will chafe her raw when she does fuck it. He pointed the camera at her
face. Bob saw she had tears rolling down her cheeks. She was afraid as to what
was to come and yet she was as aroused as hell but worse of all, everything
this man was saying was true and her humiliation was overwhelming and yet
stimulating at the same time. You know your going to fuck that dildo dont you
slut?

&nbsp;

Susan just blushed as she stared at the camera knowing her
husband was on the other end of the feed. 

&nbsp;

I fucken asked you a question slut. Are you going to be defiant
too? Susan frantically shook her head, no. She didnt want to upset this man
again. Does that pointed prick up your ass hurt? Susan nodded and tried to
say yes. Bob wondered what was wrong with her voice. All she seemed to do was
make a sounds. Answer me honestly slut, in spite of
the pain it will give you, do you think you will end up getting so excited that
you will still fuck the rubber cock up your slimy cunt?

&nbsp;

He was probably right but she really would try not to move
on the plug however she felt he wanted her to admit she would so she nodded yes
again.

&nbsp;

Trent
refocused on a close up of her chest. Time to begin the
fun.

&nbsp;

Nooooooooooooo! Bob screamed when
Bob saw the jar that containing the ants. His pain was still increasing in
strength. He had slumped down to the floor once Trent left the building and he fought to free
himself from the handcuffs. He desperately needed a way to try to stop the pain
in his leg. If he had a knife, he just might have attempted to cut off his leg
to stop the pain. He was soaking wet in perspiration. He screamed again when he
watched one of those ants held by a pair of tweezers coming within a fraction
of an inch of his wifes left nipple.

&nbsp;

Susan looked down scared but not sure why. The bug looked
like an over size any but what the hell. Trent
positioned the any so it would attack the very center of the nipples tip. She
felt a small nip but that was all. Trent
quickly moved to the other nipple. He didnt want her to begin struggling
before it received the fluids. The ant once again bit just as Susan began to
pant. Her chest rose and fell. She wasnt exactly sure but it felt like
something was burning within her tit. The irritation increased and soon she was
absolutely sure whatever it was that nipped at her nipple was causing this
burning sensation.

&nbsp;

In less than a minute she began moaning. She stared at her
nipples and noticed how they were redden and swelling .The burning increased
and began spreading into her tit. Without thinking she shook her chest in some
kind of instinctive reaction to somehow extricate the blistering. She felt the
pain in her ass when she did so. 

&nbsp;

Bob watched as she flung her head side to side and
backwards. He had no idea of the pain up her ass but knew the bite of one of
those bullet ants to her nipples had to be horrendous. Finally Susan began to
scream and yet Bob was surprised she wasnt pleading or anything. Of course he
had no way of knowing she couldnt speak.

&nbsp;

For just a moment, watching his wife suffering so horrifically,
took his mind of his own pain. The look on her face was of pure shock and
distress. Despite the spiked plug, Susan began pulling on her wrists and leg
bindings. Her cries were continues.

&nbsp;

Trent
entered the picture. His erect cock in his hand. He
began cumming in Sues jerking body. Again Bob swore at the TV screen and he
watched this man shoot spurts of cum from his enjoyment of Susans torture.

&nbsp;

Trent
came three more times over the next hour. By then Susans voice was pretty much
gone from constant screaming and crying. Her ass now burn from the rawness of
the chaffing it was getting. Trent
knew there was no real way of getting use to the pain especially since it escalates
in potency for the first few hours but there does come a point when the
suffering mind just has to endure and the body barely has the strength to stand
let alone struggle any further.

&nbsp;

It was at this point that Trent got up and walked behind the whimpering
woman. He whispered that her left tit was suffering because she lied to him.
Her right tit was suffering for her foolishness in trying to get a message to
her niece. Then he said something that nearly made her rip her arms from her
sockets. You have one more punishment coming for your earlier defiance. Any idea where my little friends will be biting next? He
went back behind the camera and closed in on her face. If there was a
definition of painful expression, it was this picture. Next he let the view
slowly drop to her tits. Once again he zoomed in on one of the infected
nipples. Bobs eyes widen as he saw that Susans nipples were a blistering red
just like the spot on his thigh but her nipple was 4 times its normal size.
Again he couldnt imagine how agonizing it had to feel in such a sensitive
place. Unexpectedly, Trents
hand appeared in the picture. His finger squeezed the bloated nipple. Susans scream
screeched to an almost animal high pitch followed by a burst of laughter from
her molester.

&nbsp;

I think I know a couple who night just be
more cooperative after all this pain subsides in a few days but first, this
slut here has one more punishment due her. Bob watched as the picture was
pulled back and moved up and down her body, then
zoomed in between her legs. Notice how fucking wet the slut is. No she hasnt pissed yet but she is leaking her own juices
all down that pole up her cunt. You know slut that cunt of yours is what has
gotten you in so much trouble. You fuck anything or anyone someone says and use
the excuse you were just obeying commands but that isnt true is it slut? Bob
heard Susan grunt then scream. With the camera still focused and zeroed in on
her crotch, Bob had no idea what just happen to Susan but she sounded frantic.
He only could imagine he was torturing her tits again.

&nbsp;

Yet again, Trent's
hand came into view. He was fingering her obviously sodden cunt and began
rubbing her clit. Susan would have believed with all the pain she was
experiencing in her breasts, ass and cunt that she could also feel aroused as
he played with her clit. Bob heard her gasp and noticed her crotch was gyrating
over the twin poles shoved up into her. Trents
finger moved fast which increased her movements. She was moaning but hard to
tell if it was from the pain she was giving herself in her ass or pleasure. But
when Trents
finger abruptly stopped she let out a pleading cry. Not to stop but finish her.

&nbsp;

Oh slut wants her clit licked doesnt she.
He asked. Hurrying behind the camera, he pulled back and asked her again. Does
this slut want her clit nibbled? Susan nodded. She felt such shame but needed
to cum something awful. He asked the question again. Does this slut who is
enjoying her painful foreplay want her clit sucked on.
Even more enthusiastically she nodded and moaned her plea. Well well see if
bullet can get you off.

&nbsp;

Susan once again she frantically twisted and fought the
ropes and wailed out in panic. Trent
had another of the ants in the tweezers and it was
obvious where he was targeting as he knelt in front of the spread eagle woman. Bobs
wrists were sore from fighting his steel hand cuffs. All he could do was watch
wide eyed as Trent
prolonged the inevitable. First her touched her clit
with his forefinger. Susan jerked as if shed been poked with a blade there. He
affirmed her clit was swelling with excitement and wanted to be abused. 

&nbsp;

When the ant finally bit her, she screamed long and hard.
Not from the tiny pricking pain of its bite but from
her already brief experience as to just how bad it will become. 

&nbsp;

Trent
framed her entire body in the view finder so Bob would be able to see his
wifes struggles and agony over the next several hours. He told Sue he had some
earns to run but was recording the show so he could enjoy it later. Susans
eyes were shut but her mouth kept opening and closing. Her whole body tensed and tighten. Damn youre beautiful when you
suffer like this. he laughed as he left.

&nbsp;

---- TO BE CONTINUED ---

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Susan Banks          (Summerville)




 
  .
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  10
  2007-05-22T15:12:00Z
  2007-05-22T15:12:00Z
  5
  1770
  10095
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  84
  23
  11842
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






&nbsp;

CHAPTER 27

A SLAVERS JOB IS NEVER DONE

&nbsp;

Although Trent
would have loved to have spent a few hours watching his hot slut slave desperately
but vainly struggling to somehow relieve her body of the severe pain she was
experiencing, he had a few new errands to accomplish before regrilling Bob
about his niece. Even though Susan and Bob were his very first subjects dealing
with the affects of the bullet ants venom, everything he had read indicated
for the first 6 to 8 hours there was nothing that could be done about the
surging pain levels so he was pretty sure whatever the camera recorded of the
sluts struggles over the next couple of hours would pretty much be the height reel
of her performance until she physically wore down and would eventually sag from
her bonds in pure whimpering agony. The thought of how much pain her tits and
cunt were feeling though did make him hard as he went up to make
some phone calls.

&nbsp;

- -- 

&nbsp;

Trent
was somewhat lucky to find just what he was hoping to locate which was a
company that leased transportation shipping containers. The heavy metal
security box could be delivered by the next day. He went out and bought a few
items to bring power to what would be Bobs new confines. He also would need a
few more restraints and bondage gear.

&nbsp;

As he drove to the places where he would supply his needs,
he once again went over all his back ground check on Susan and Bob and tried to
figure out how he over looked this niece. It wasnt like him to miss even the
smallest of details so he wondered why during his extensive surveillance of the
household and inquires had he not seen nor discovered the teen?

&nbsp;

On one hand if the girl was as cute as she appeared in her
picture Trent
knew he had another sale available but on the other hand he was leery about
trying to control a third captive. Trent
knew the risks of kidnapping and controlling just a single healthy adult.
Female or not when a captive discovers her situation and fights it, it can be
difficult to control her. The reason Susan and Bob had been so readily reduced
to docile captives was their concerns for the others wellbeing and even
survival.

&nbsp;

- --

&nbsp;

Upon returning to the farm house, Trent once again changed clothes and his
appearance again. He went into the basement and indeed found Sues limp body
where she was spread eagle. Her hair was damp from perspiration and hung over
her face. Even Trent
was shocked to discover Susans nipples were still engorged 4 times their
normal size. Between the swelling in her tits and nipples she looked more like
a one of those cartoon characters of an outrageously large breasted bimbo. He
reached for her left tit. His simple touch alone caused her to scream as she
jerked back as far as the bonds and dildos still planted up into her would
permit. I see the slut has her voice back already. He said looking at his
watch. It had been nearly 3 hours since numbing her tongue. 

&nbsp;

Trent
went behind the camera and switched it off. For Bob, who was on the receiving
side of the pictures, he wasnt sure that finally not seeing his wife suffer
was better than not knowing what could happen next. 

&nbsp;

Susan struggled to lift her head up. Please, Master. Water.

&nbsp;

Trent
got a bottle of water which she devoured while he held it to her lips. He took
the empty bottle and refilled it and poured it over her head and over her body.
It bolstered her physically a little. Slut, why did you receive this
punishment?

&nbsp;

Sue looked at her captive, she noticed he presented and
entirely new look. I disobeyed and lied to you,
Master. She replied hoping by using the term master, hed be happy with her
mind-set. 

&nbsp;

Yes indeed. He smiled. Do you think the punishment fits
the crime, slut? Sue replied no before even she had a chance to reflect on her
answer. She hoped he would be angry with her answer. 

&nbsp;

Trent
on the other hand almost laughed at her honest and flat out unambiguous reply.
It may be hard for you to believe at this moment but punishments can get worse
slut. Your tits like they are could be whipped. Or you could be fucked in your
situation. Trent looked down at her redden crotch. He
honestly had forgotten about her ass and cunt being impaled. Opps,
my bad. I forgot. In a way you are being fucked but imagine being
manhandled and raped in your condition. 

&nbsp;

Susan just shook her head. Kill me. She said as she did consider not only
how much worse it could be but also knew by now this man would not hesitate
doing any of the things he spoke of.

&nbsp;

Oh no, slut. You are going to
behave and be a good slut slave. If you dont you may wish you were dead but
that aint going to happen. So let me ask you slut, are you going to obey with
out hesitation from this point forward? Sue nodded her head then added yes
Master hoping to please him. Are you going to lie to me anymore? Again Sue
answered no, Master. Well see. He said. 

&nbsp;

When you became able to speak did you say anything to the
camera? To your husband watching? Sue shook her head
no. Trent
thought for a moment. Im going to ask you again if you attempted to speak to
your husband because you know I have been recording this whole time and will
know if you lied or not. If you did you will get ten lashed on each tit for
doing so but if you lie about it again you will get 20 on each tit and 20 on
your swollen cunt. Did you speak at all while I was gone?

&nbsp;

No, no Master. She replied.

&nbsp;

Trent
knew she had to be telling the truth. She knew he would have to check. She
wouldnt dare risk a worse punishment. Ok slut. From now on, you will never
speak while the camera is on or Bob is in your presents. If you do, you know
the punishment for this. 

&nbsp;

Master may this slut speak? She whimpered?

&nbsp;

Yes, speak.

&nbsp;

Master please, I cant take this pain any longer. I have
learned my lesson. This slut will obey. This slut will not lie but please stop
this pain.

&nbsp;

Trent
actually felt sorry for her when he informed her there was nothing that could
be done to an infected bite from a bullet ant. The pain has to run its course.
He told her in a few hours the stinging will stop escalating and then only will
it slowly begin to subside. He removed both the spiked butt plug and the dildo
from her very raw orifices. She screamed as he carefully pulled each out. She
had neither strength nor fight left in her. When he completely untied her but
her hands, they instinctively went to her injured tits and cunt. Trent decided for her own
good he would cuff her wrists behind her back so she didnt claw at the throbbing
pain centers. He placed her on her bed and turned off the lights. In the dark she
heard him say it was her husbands turn to be punished for her disobedience. Trent was lying. Of
course, but it was one more guilt reinforcement. 

&nbsp;

Susan was too exhausted to plead for her husband. She was
too sore to even think how he would punish him.

&nbsp;

---- ----

&nbsp;

Well Bob are you beginning to understand just how much your
wife will suffer if you dont cooperate? You know she is suffering a lot worse
than your thighs pain is experiencing.

&nbsp;

Bob nearly shouted at him but caught himself. He knew
anything that might be construed as rebellious just might get his wife worse
suffering. Im sorry. I promise Ill do whatever you want. Please dont hurt
her again.

&nbsp;

Well Bob, that is pretty much up to you,
isnt it? And remember, she suffers for your mistakes. Trent pulled out a gun and held it on Bob. He
tossed him the keys to the hand cuffs which he was told to unlock himself. It hurt to move. Bobs thigh which also was
bitten by the bullet ant was still in severe pain but he forced himself to
obey. Trent
told him to go sit on his cot while he unhooked the TV and wires. Bob watched
as Trent seem to have some difficulties with trying to use only one
hand. He placed the gun on the floor. Bobs eyes widen.

&nbsp;

Trent
began asking him about his niece Pamela. He learned why his background check
didnt bring her name up. Not only did she still have her parents last name
but learn shed been out of the country since he was first contacted by the
couple. Bob also told him she was
returning this very weekend.

&nbsp;

As Trent continued questioning Bob, facts like how Pamela despised
Susan came out as well as the fact on more than one occasion, Susan had asked
her to leave them only to have Bob intervene and somewhat settled the two of
them down enough to not actually tolerate each other buy at least enough to
live under the same roof. That was when he came up with the idea of sending her
to Europe to give his wife a break.

&nbsp;

A whole new idea began forming within Trents
head as Bob continued revealing more information than Trent even needed. Trent was pretty sure today had broken Bob. If not completely broken him at least had given his male captive
enough concerns so as not to do anything too foolish. Then again that
was the test Trent
was about to check. Im getting hungry. He announced to Bob. I suppose you
are too. Both Bob and Susan had only been given a bowl of cereal all day. Do
I have to use those cuffs on you or are you going to be good. He said getting
up to retrieve the cuffs left against the cell fencing and bars. In doing so,
Trent seem to have forgotten the gun on the floor as he went to pick up the
cuffs. He deliberately kept his back to Bob. He knew full well he could easily
go for it even with his injured leg.

&nbsp;

Trent
picked up the cuffs and turned toward Bob who had looked at the gun but did not
move an inch. Very good Bob. Youre learning. Hand me
the gun would you? he asked pointing to it. By this point Bob was pretty sure
the gun had to be unloaded. He limped the one step and
picked it up and handed it to him, handle first. What would you say if I told
you, I just made a very stupid mistake and played a mind game with you by
making you think it was just unloaded?

&nbsp;

It doesnt matter, does it? Bob replied. I dont know
where you are holding Susan and Im pretty sure you would let her die before
giving up the information.

&nbsp;

True. Trent
simply replied. Plus you will never know what is real and you know the consequences
if you fuck up. Trent
pointed the gun out of the cell and pulled the trigger. CLICK. Over the next
couple of weeks you or Susan will be tested and you will never know what is
real and what is a set-up. You wont know if a person
you might come in contact with is a plant by me or who they seem to be. Remember
this Bob. And remember just how much your wife can suffer for a fuck up. Trent locked the cell but
did not restrain Bob in anyway. He turned on the surveillance cameras and left.

&nbsp;

To Trent
this was a new level for Bob. He would never be sure what was real. Inaction by
him would always seem to be his safest decision. 

&nbsp;

That evening, Trent
tried to get some needed rest. With the slut downstairs in no condition to
fuck, he turned on the video of her afternoons torment. It only took a few
minutes before he was so hard he was going to jerk himself off but then thought
about Susan. He went down and found her moaning on her bed. Get up slut and
suck me off and you better be good at it or Ill slap this bloated tits of
yours. Susan painfully struggled to get up. Her wrists were still cuffed
behind her back but she managed. It hurt to walk with both her clit still
somewhat swollen from the bite and both her ass and cunt raw from her torture.
Susan knelt before him and took his cock in her mouth. Expertly she used her
tongue to her best ability. All the way down. He commanded. Susan relaxed her
throat and took his whole length. Trent
let out a gasp as he began shooting stream after stream deep down her throat.
Susan did her best not to choke.

&nbsp;

You might be an older slut than I usually deal with but you
sure are a hell of a cock sucker. He said as she used her tongue to clean him
up. 

&nbsp;

** TO BE CONTINUED **

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Susan Banks          (Summerville)




 
  .
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  7
  2007-05-22T15:12:00Z
  2007-05-22T15:12:00Z
  7
  2981
  16992
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  141
  39
  19934
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






CHAPTER 28

(THE PERFECT SALES PRESENTATION)

&nbsp;

Trent
allowed Susan a full day to rest. When he came down with food he quizzed her
about the pain level remaining in the areas where she had been bitten. It surprised him when she related that all
there areas were still too tender to even touch and this was nearly 28 hours
afterwards. Of course he reached and grabbed a nipple to verify if she was
faking. Her blood curdling scream and natural recoil pretty much confirmed her
statement. What about that ass and cunt, slut? Susan admitted the rawness had
dwindled to just an irritation. Good. This evening when I bring your dinner,
you will present yourself for an ass fucking. You will plead and beg for it. If
I agree you will position yourself over that table and I dont care how much
that hurts your tits because you will want to do anything to please me now,
wont you slut?

&nbsp;

Yes Master, anything. Susans
response wasnt just said because she knew he wanted to hear it but after
enduring such pain a day ago she was more than ready to do anything to avoid a
repeat or his threat of enhancing the torture with whips and other things.

&nbsp;

Trent
was impressed on just how fast this slave accepted her fate in comparison with
many of the others. He wondered if it was because of the brutal pain from the
bullet ants or the warning if she didnt comply, her husband would suffer along
with her. Or was she just jerking his chain in hopes of some possibility of
escape. He quizzed her further with the caution her answers better be truthful
or theyd both suffer. Once again how she expressed herself and the detail she
used convinced Trent
she was telling him the truth. She told him she obviously feared such cruel
pain but she also admitted she must be sick because she cant deny that in
spite of her suffering she got off on it and has been horny most of the time
since her kidnapping. It was because of this constant horniness that she
discovered she couldnt touch herself this morning. Susan blushed when she
realized he understood what she meant by that. Susan admitted she could stand a
lot of pain but she was having a hard time imagining her husband suffering so
much because of her. Shed be willing to take twice as much if hed spare Bob.

&nbsp;

It dont work that way, slut. Oh youll get punished but so
will he. And he will know its because of you. Trent added for good measures. Susan nodded
and Trent knew
using a loving partner while keeping them apart and unaware of the others
situations was the most potent of his tools. Perhaps he would focus more on
couples in the future rather than the single girls which he had enslaved in the
past.

&nbsp;

You have just told me you will do anything, right?

&nbsp;

Yes Master.

&nbsp;

From now on, if and only if I allow you to speak to the
camera or if your husband is present, you will refer to him only as you fucker.
Is that perfectly clear slut?

&nbsp;

Susan nodded. She was shocked.

&nbsp;

Say it now. He demanded. 

&nbsp;

You fucker, you son of a bitch.
She replied.

&nbsp;

Very good slut. Remember I catch
you not saying this, by trying to be nice it will cost you both.

&nbsp;

- --- 

&nbsp;

Trent
also left Bob lone since he had little need for him at present. Bob would be
only fed once a day. This would give him enough nourishment to sustain him but Trent needed him in a
weaker state than slut. Besides a tired weaken appearance would be more devastating
to slut who he really needed to perform well over the next few weeks.

&nbsp;

When Trent
visited Bob he got the remaining details of his nieces return. Yet again with
the intimidation of further torture to his wife, Trent got more detail about Pam and why she
disliked Susan. You have told me time and again Pam dislikes Susan. Does she
actually hate her? Trent
asked Bob.

&nbsp;

Bob hesitated, nodded and finally answered he thinks so. He
confessed a couple of times she told him how she hated how she treated her like
a child or wouldnt let her do what she wanted. Trent replied that this is normal for a teenage
girl. Bob then surprised Trent
when he said Pam somehow blames Susan for the accident that took her parents
life. How so? Trent
asked. 

&nbsp;

According to Pamela, her parents were arguing in the car.
It was about her mom and Susan. Something trivial but the argument got out of
hand and she said her dad wasnt paying attention to the road. He went through a
red light. Ive never told Susan about this because I think it would devastate
her. But no matter how far Susan has gone out of her way for Pamela she always
felt bitterness. Finally she decided shed just bring her up with her rules and
when she gets old enough she can go on her own. That attitude has seemed to fester even more contempt from Pam.

&nbsp;

Interesting, Trent
thought to himself. Bob could be saying all this in hope that he would not go
after the young girl if he thought I figured there wasnt a binding protective
connection between them. Or if all this was true, it could be interesting.
Either way, it didnt make much difference to Trent. This girl was a loose end and could
not be allowed to be free.

&nbsp;

-- --

&nbsp;

Bob was hungry and tired when the TV screen came alive that
evening. He sat up on his mattress and looked over to the screen. The camera
was focused on his wife. Bob first noticed how her nipples were a bright pink
and appeared to still be somewhat swollen but nothing like the last time he saw
her. Please master would you please fuck this sluts ass? he heard her say. Trent entered the
picture. His dick was out of his pants and Susan appeared to be extremely eager
to get at it.

&nbsp;

An ass fucking would be nice slut. Do you mind if your
husband watches? He doesnt have anything better to do right now. Susan
glanced at the camera but didnt want to look right at it while she was
degrading herself like so. How do your tits feel, slut?

&nbsp;

They still hurt some Master but I want you to fuck me anyway.
She replied and went to the table, bent over it as previously instructed. Susan
plainly grimaced when her weight pressed on her tits. Bob watched as Trent applied some lubricant
to and in her asshole. He didnt even realize he had grabbed his crotch as he
watched his wife about to be ass fucked.

&nbsp;

Trent
entered her ferociously. Bob could tell his cock was larger than his own and
could only imagine how it felt. He knew in the past Sue had told him to go slow
and easy the few times he had fucked her ass but now she was begging to be
fucked and seemed to really enjoy his rough treatment. Yes yes fuck this slut
Master. She screamed as Trent
picked up the pace. In truth, with the pain of her swollen tits rubbing on the
table and the savage fucking she was getting excited but not to the degree that
she was portraying. Trent
grunted as he picked up his tempo. Im going to cum slut. Get down and take my
cock in your mouth for your master cum. Susan quickly got up and knelt in
front of him. She noticed and could detect some of her own filth on his cock
from her ass. She had to fight herself to open her mouth and take it in her
mouth enthusiastically.

&nbsp;

This was much different than any blowjob she had ever done
before. She had been forced to suck more than a few foul tasting cocks recently
but this was disgusting to her. Still she knew the consequences and went about
her business.

&nbsp;

Trent
shot thick streams of cum, holding her head up against his crotch as he took
pleasure in his power over this slut. Susan desperately tried to ignore what
she knew she was tasting besides this cocks cum. Lick me clean. she heard
him say while he still held her by the hair. Susan dutifully obeyed. She kept
licking when he moved up so she could clean his balls and all
of his shaft with her tongue. Finally when he felt it was enough he
whispered for her to address Bob. She hesitated just a second as she thought what he
wanted before remembering what she had been told that afternoon.

&nbsp;

She looked at the camera. Her eyes starting
to weld up with tears as she said, You fucker. You
son of a bitch.

&nbsp;

Trent
raised his foot and kicked the kneeling woman over and laughed while shutting
off the camera. You did well slut. Tonight your husband will not have to
endure getting his balls bitten by the ants. Trent pointed to her cell where she crawled
in. There in the corner was a bowl with some stew or something in it. He told
her from now on she was to eat on all four without using her hands. He pointed
toward the security camera and warned her he would know if she disobeyed.
Further he told her between each bit she was to stick her fingers in her cunt
and scoop out some of that slut juice he knew she had because of the
humiliation and lick it. This is the way you will eat unless told differently.
Also if any bowl isnt licked completely clean you it will tell me you are not
hungry enough for your next meal and both you and your husband will miss that
meal. Do you understand cunt? Sue nodded but wondered if he was so pleased
with her fucking and performance why he became so cruel to her. She looked into
the bowl and began eating as instructed. She could not deny the fact eating
like a dog and having to clean it with her tongue was very humiliating even if
only being caught by the security camera. The bowl would slide on the floor as
she licked at the sides. She was forced to chase it like a dog trying to get
every last bit. For some reason too, eating like this on the floor
also seem to emphasis both her nakedness and demeaning, ass up, position
as she licked her dog bowl. In spite of it all Sue felt it really didnt matter
as long as it saved her husband more pain.

&nbsp;

For Bob, watching his wife getting ass fucked and sucking a
soiled cock was an appalling turn on. He was so excited he was about to cum
when she looked at the camera and called him a fucker and son of a bitch. She
clearly was telling him, this was all his fault. He
stupidly planned this with a guy he never checked out. He got them into this
and she had to suffer because of him. Bob did not sleep much that night.

----

&nbsp;

The following morning Trent
woke up in a playful mood. Playful for him alone of course.
He came down stairs with a bowl of dry cereal for his slut. Have you ever
tasted piss, slut? Susan told him how she was made to drink piss at a motel
Larry had brought her to. Good then we
wont have to go though a lot of griping about it. Some people enjoy using a
slut slave as a toilet or just pissing on a beautiful woman. I guess it makes
up for the times some bitch like you turned them down or whatever. He said
placing the bowl on the floor and picking up a cup which he began to piss in.
Prove it. He said pouring the piss over her cereal. And make sure you clean
the bowl like a good bitch.

&nbsp;

Susans stomach turned as she looked at the piss soaked brand
flakes. The stench was foul. It would be easier, she thought,
if she could just gulp it down quickly but lapping up small portions with her
tongue made the nauseous task all the worse. You finish every last bit before
I get back or . Well you know the routine by now.

&nbsp;

Trent
went off to bring a bowl of cereal to Bob. Since it would be his only food for
the day, Trent
didnt consider doing anything to his cereal. Besides degrading the slut was
sport. Using her husband was just business.

&nbsp;

After the nasty breakfast Susan got a surprise. Trent had brought her
upstairs and told her she had 5 minutes to take a shower. Afterwards she was
given her make up. Once presentable Trent
set up the camera and told Sue she was to read from cue cards he had prepared.
Again he threatened her and her husband with punishments if she didnt sound
enthusiastic. He told her each cue card had a number at the top. Trent gave her
instructions as to how he wanted her to pose for each card and what he wanted
her to do while she was being recorded.

&nbsp;

He went over everything a couple of times before finally
turned on the camera. Without her knowing what she would be saying she was made
to practice each pose when he told her a number. Finally he described in detail
what he would do to her and then to her husband if she hesitated in her
performance or wasnt convincing enough.

&nbsp;

Trent
had a hand held video camera and told her to begin. Susan sat with her arms
supporting her a little behind and to her sides. Her
legs were parted about two feet apart. Leaning back slightly, as she was, she
appeared to be thrusting her tits out and obviously not shy about exposing
herself completely. Hi. My name is Susan but most men just call me slut or
cunt. She read. That is truly what I am. Ive been a married woman for more
than 9 years. The next cue card with its number indicated she was to hold her
hand out so the camera could focus in on her wedding ring. My husband knows Im
a slut and that I get off on pain and humiliation that is why he arraigned for
my slavery.

&nbsp;

The next card meant she had to stand up with her legs a full
yard apart and her hands placed behind her neck and thrust out her tits. Now
this slut is available to the highest bidder. Susan read the sentence. She faltered
ever so slightly when she realized what she was saying but with her flushed
face and yet lewd pose it a worked for Trent.
He slowly panned around her naked body showing all her juicy assets. When the
next card was revealed she leaned forward as instructed. Her tits hung and
wobbled somewhat and she looked right into the camera. I have love sucking
cocks and have the ability to deep throat. Next she turned and spread her ass
checks apart. My ass is for fucking or beating. Susan had to turn around as
she stretched her own pussy wide open. I have fucked so many cocks I cant
keep count but I have a clean bill of health for my new owner.

&nbsp;

Trent
noticed both in her voice and demeanor she was beginning to lose it. He paused the camera and put it down. Susan began to cry.
Im.. Im sorry master. she cried. She was both afraid of the consequences
for her failure but also the fact she had just become aware of her fate. Trent told her to take a
few minutes to compose herself.

&nbsp;

All of Trents
captives reacted with a natural sense of dismay when faced with their future.
Finally, he decided it was time to clarify things for Susan. If you rationally
think about it, being sold as a sex slave is a hell of a better alternative
than if you were kidnapped, raped and tortured by someone whos only plans for
you were limited. You are a natural slut. You cant deny how you react to abuse
and even though you may want to deny it you are aroused right now.

&nbsp;

Susan hated herself and hated him for pointing out this
fact. What will happen to my husband?

&nbsp;

Much of Bobs fate will depend on you, your cooperation and
your attitude. If you obey and do not cause problems no matter what is demanded
of you, he will be released unharmed. Of course he will probably try to look for
you but unfortunately hell be at a great disadvantage. Trent noted her quizzical expression. You
see your husband will not dare go to the police or other agencies. It seems
hes is the prime suspect in the murder of one Larry Parker. Trent lied. You provided all
the motive needed with your submission to that asshole along with the
many times you were seen by neighbors and bar friends and so on. I provided the
evidence linking the murder weapon to Bob. Susans mouth dropped as she took
in all this information. Im afraid a wanted murder without any financial
resources will have a pretty hard time tracing down his sold wife. Trent paused for affect.
Then again, I could end his misfortunate state of affairs if you want that.

&nbsp;

No please. Just let him go. Im the one you want. She
implored.

&nbsp;

Well if you both cooperate you have my word on this. Now
are you ready to continue?

&nbsp;

Susan was told to redo the make up her tears messed up. As
she did so, in some stupid way she did feel better about being sold into
slavery compared to being killed. She also had a new rational for cooperating.

&nbsp;

He signaled her to begin again. She started at this point
kneeling with her legs spread open and once more her hands behind her neck. I
am new to slavery so you will have the pleasure of training and disciplining
me. I have been a spoiled American slut, perfect for a buyer who may be so
incline as to own such an animal. Bidding for this slut should be carried out
under the normal guidelines. Contact about my sale will be initiated by my
selling agent. If interested, arrangements can be made for a personal
examination of the product and/or a thorough evaluation.

&nbsp;

Much better slut. He told her as
he shut the camera off. You may just be beginning to learn that absolute cooperation
will make your life a little less painful.

&nbsp;

Master may this slut ask you one question? Trent nodded. Have any
of the women which you have sold into slavery ever returned to their past
lives? Susan had to know if there was any hope.

&nbsp;

Cant say any have then again Ive never attempted to sell
such an old bitch as you.

&nbsp;

As bizarre as it seemed his comment offended her. After all
she was only 29 and in great shape. What happens to them if the owner tires of
his slave?

&nbsp;

That is your second question slut and you were only given
permission for one. You and your husband will be punished for this offense
tonight. Trent
had to make her understand there was no room for the slightest infractions.
But since you will pay for this I will answer you. He looked down at the
woman still kneeling and posed like one hell of an enticing slut slave. A
couple of the very young girls, I understand have been resold at a profit to
other owners. A few high mileage, well used cunts have found their way into
S&amp;M brothels in Malaysia
that provide American cunts to a variety of well to do patrons that desire few
restrictions on their usage. I suppose
at some age there is a point when a sex slut slave is of no value and perhaps
if lucky to be owned by a compassionate owner, she might be given her freedom
for her years of satisfactory service but with a good portion of the world
envious of the United States and its life style the American slave is in high
demand for abused and have resentments vented upon them. Its just a fact of
business slut.

&nbsp;

Trent
popped the disk out of the camera. He would need to edit a little and add some
secret coded contact information to it along with there and when this slut can
be seen and used in person in the near future before making copies to be sent
out. While Trent Williams was not a big time white slave supplier those who had
known of his merchandise often were amazed by the fact he could get the offered
cunt to make her own sales pitch CD. They didnt know, nor really cared, how he
persuaded them to appear to be so eager to enter into a life of a pain sexual slut slavery but those who had made purchases
discovered it wasnt because they were masochists in nature. What they
purchased was exactly what they were hoping to own, a beautiful woman who could
be humiliated, degraded, abused and suffer only because of her slavery status
and not some boring drugged up, mentally broken down piece of ass. Go down to
your cell and wait for me. You will assist me in acquiring some merchandise
which will be arriving soon.

&nbsp;

Susan was too shook up to wonder what he meant. She thought
about her husband and his well being both presently and in the future as a
wanted murderer. She was sure he would still try to discover her whereabouts if
at all possible. She knew what and how Trent
had made her say to her husband had to play emotionally on him. She wished
somehow, someway she could have a chance to tell him shell be ok with whatever
happens. But Susan also began thinking of a myriad of possibilities for
herself. At best she could be bought by someone who desired her for her looks
and sexual appeal but after listening to Trent,
the endless other prospectives were frightening and yet she noted she was still
wet with excitement. 

&nbsp;

**** TO BE CONTINUED ****

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Susan Banks          (Summerville)



 
  .
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  4
  2007-05-27T00:08:00Z
  2007-05-27T00:08:00Z
  7
  3034
  17297
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  144
  40
  20291
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






CHAPTER 29

A WHORE HAS A BUS TO MEET

&nbsp;

Trent
came down with clothing for Susan. None of the items were any of her old
things. He told her to hurry and get dressed and come into the other room.
Already Susan was apprehensive anytime she had to go to the room next to her
cell. So far it has always meant pain and suffering for her but obedience was
her only choice.

&nbsp;

She looked over the small pile of items. Not too
surprisingly there was no underwear and a matter of fact there were only three
items in total. A thin nylon white midriff halter top that tied just below her
breasts and but barely contained them. It was tight and pushed her breast
together creating a wide deep cleavage effect. She felt like she was all
cleavage with her tits trying to pour out of the shiny halter. The bright red
skirt was also nylon material. It consisted of a 6 inch panel of solid material
covering all around from the waist on down to just
below her cunt and about 12 inches of matching tassels. The solid material
covered her pussy barely but a third of her ass cheeks in back were exposed
when the tassels separated or bounced with her walk. Susan had to wonder if he
was planning on prostituting her or something. The boots for sure were whore
style. Matching patent leather red 5 heel mid-calf boots.

&nbsp;

By the time she was dressed sort of speaking, she felt every
bit a hooker. She had no mirror but knew she was being dressed for gaining
attention. Obediently she went to the other room where Trent was waiting holding a large pear shape
butt plug. The moment he saw her, he told her to bend over.

&nbsp;

Doing so, Susan confirmed there was no movement what
wouldnt expose her ass to everyone looking in her direction. Trent had applied some lubricant to the plug
tip. The tip was metal while the plug was black rubber with 4 metal stripes
running from the tip down all 4 sides. As he pressed the plug to her opening
she knew it was larger than any she had taken up her ass before. He told her to
relax so it would pass her sphincter. She tried but relaxing under such
circumstances wasnt easy. She moan then squealed as he continued adding force
to the base of the plug until finally when the widest portion passed her
opening it nearly popped in. Sue was uneasy about moving. Her backside was so
filled that she stood slightly bowlegged. Walk around the room. Trent commanded.

&nbsp;

As she did she caught a glimpse of him snickering at her.
Perfect. You look like a two bit whore with your tits thrust out and freely bouncing
and your ass shaking. The base of the plug plays peek-a-boo with the fringe
when you move but who will be looking at some whores ass and tits anyway? he
joked.

&nbsp;

Trent
held up a small black controller. The butt plug began emitting mild socks into
her ass. Susans hand reached behind her when she noticed the shocks were
getting stronger. Once the cycle starts there is only one way to stop it, Trent stated, and that
is to bend at least at a 35 degree angle. Susan bent at the waist without
delay and sure enough the stinging jolts disappeared. Satisfied he put the
controller into his pocket.

&nbsp;

Now sit down. I want you to look at something and I want
you to listen carefully. Susan went to a chair next to Trent facing the small TV screen he had used
before. When she went to sit she flinched and jumped up. I told you to sit
down slut. You should be use to taking big black dicks up that slutty ass of
yours by now. Didnt your boy friend, Larry, sell your ass a lot? She didnt
look at him and only relied yes. Carefully she found the least uncomfortable position
to sit. It felt like the monster within her ass would split her in two.

&nbsp;

Its time to test your love for your husband in comparison
with your devotion to your niece.

&nbsp;

Pammy, what does she have to do with anything? Sue was taken aback.

&nbsp;

You and I are heading to the bus station. Her flight from Europe came in last night and I convinced Bob to leave a
message for her to take a bus home where you and a friend will be picking her
up this afternoon. And you are going to cooperate.

&nbsp;

No, not Pam. You have me and have
stolen everything we had own. Please leave her alone. Sue pleaded.

&nbsp;

Im afraid thats not going to happen
slut. Now there are two ways this can go down. We can pick her up and she can
have an easy go of things. A young girl will sell quickly and I can take less
and assure her a good owner. Or without your help things will be radically
different. Since she is already expecting someone other than Bob, Ill pick her
up and not go too easy on her. Ill make sure she has a much worse time than
you had and the first thing I will do is contact an Arab connection not to be
in some harem but sold to a nomadic tribe as their torture slave. But also if
you do not cooperate 100% you will be decreeing your husbands torturous
demise. Trent
clicked on the TV. There was Bob tied lying upon a frame. There were wires
running to his testicles, up his ass and bare copper wire wrapped around his
prick. To Susan it all looked hideous. In reality the only genuine working item
was a zapper up his ass and that was mild compared to the one Susan
experienced. Trent
used his cell phone. In a few seconds her husband began screaming as she felt a
jolt in his ass. Trent
knew Bob didnt have the pain capacity his wife had and when he first tested
Bobs limits he discovered he over reacted to most everything. 

&nbsp;

Susan screamed for him to stop it but he ignored her and
instead continued talking to her. You see Susan electrocution via a mans dick
and tactical takes a long painful time. The charge as you well know is unbearable
but not totally lethal. What happens the heart pumps faster dealing with the
pain and stress. Anywhere from 2 to 4 hours it eventually gives out.

&nbsp;

Why are you doing this to us? Susan started to cry.

&nbsp;

Stop that shit slut. You know damn well why. Both you and
your niece will be sold as white slaves no matter if you cooperate or not. The
only question is how difficult you make her stay with me will be and if your
sense of guilt is strong enough to sentence your own husband to a painful death
instead of eventual release. Trent
was blunt and firm. He didnt want her to breakdown to a whimpering piece of
crap. You have addressed me three times now with out referring to me as
Master. That will cost you. Now stop your fucken crying this instant. It took
Susan more than a few seconds to finally get a hold of herself.
It was like everything mounted within her needed release. Trent pretended not to notice the time it
took her to finally stop. Now are you going to cooperate or do I do it the
hard way?

&nbsp;

No. No master, I will cooperate. She finally choked out
the words.

&nbsp;

Susan didnt notice him clicking on the camera pointed at
her. I want you to tell me. I want you to think of your husbands potential
pain. I want you to say, Master, please no more pain. I will give you my niece Pamela
instead. Susan was still stunned by all this. She just looked at him. Say it
and mean it slut. He shouted. 

&nbsp;

Master please no more pain. Take
my niece Pamela instead.

&nbsp;

Ok, then, Trent
turned back facing the TV screen, do you see that timer next to the frame your
husband is tied on? Susan nodded. Trent
pushed a button on his cell and the timer began to move. It is set to go on a
5pm. There is no remote off switch. It has to be turned off manually by me.
Pams bus is scheduled to arrive at 2:30. That will give us plenty of time.
Well have time to play a little while waiting for her bus and then to pick her
up and bring her back here. If you try anything like alerting the police and we
get detained, Im afraid there is nothing anyone can do to save your husband
from a very painful death. I would deny any knowledge of you or Bob. You have
no idea where he is being held nor where you are now
to prove anything. They would be forced to release me. Of course, I loose a
couple of potential sales but have made a small profit that you and Bob
graciously gave me. You would loose a husband and the knowledge of how you made
him suffer for hours. Do we understand each other?

&nbsp;

Susan nodded then replied, Yes master. Trent thought how keeping the couple apart
works so well on getting the cooperation from the other. Either Bob or Susan
would probably have fought him and endured much pain alone. He didnt want his
merchandise to be so marred that he could only sell her to some low class
backwater brothel but this way was working out well for him.

&nbsp;

Trent
placed a hood over her head and guided her out to the van. He cuffed her in the
back and they drove to the bus station in Joshin. Once there, Trent removed her hood and cuffs when they reached
the outskirts of Joshlin
. It was near noon. Trent
wanted a little recreation time before conducting his third kidnapping in such
a short time. His toy that he had dressed as a cheap hooker would provide him
with just the relaxing entertainment he desired at this time.

&nbsp;

Ok slut, I want a demonstration of your willingness to obey
no matter what. You are outfitted perhaps slightly sluttier than a lot of the
women who work this area of the city. Trent
was right. When they were two blocks from the bus station Susan saw several
hookers standing on corners or walking the sidewalks slowly trying to attract any
kind of business. The whores who work the streets in the day are usually the
lowest of the low. Youre going to prove that logic wrong. he said pulling the
van over to the curb. Trent
pointed to a building off to their right. It was a nondescript building but
located up against a dead end alley. We need change for the parking meter. I
think $2.50 will do. Youre going to earn it slut. Susan realized just as she
thought when she dressed that he wanted her to proposition herself. 

&nbsp;

What are you cunt? 

&nbsp;

Susan didnt know what he meant but answered, a whore?

&nbsp;

No slut you are nothing but a cunt. A
piece of fuck meat. You are a slut slave. Those afternoon
cheap whores charge anywhere from $10 to $20 for a blowjob. If they are lucky enough to find someone desperate enough to want
to fuck them that would go anywhere from $30 to $40. I doubt any would
take it up their ass. You my slut, will charge 10 cents for a blow job, 20
cents for a fuck and 25 cents up the ass. Your motel will be that alley,
nowhere else. Do you understand? Susan reluctantly answered yes. You have one
more rule but first some motivation. For every cent you come up short of the $2.50
you will spend that amount of time hanging by your wrists with your tits tied
and weights hanging from your nipples and of course the zapper up your ass.
Susans mouth nearly dropped she couldnt imagine being suspended and tortured
that long. Your last rule is to assure you are seen as a complete slut. You
have to strip right at the front of the alley for any cunt or ass fucking before you take your john back out of sight.
Once you finish him you will redress and come over here to the van and hand me
your earnings like a good little whore. Now remove your butt plug well use
that later.

&nbsp;

Trent
enjoyed her humiliation as she worked the large plug from her ass before
opening the door to go to work. Dont forget your hubby is depending on you
not to do anything stupid.

&nbsp;

Susan felt nearly naked in the short skirt and halter top.
Most of the time when Larry had exposed her it was evening or night and only a
few times so publicly. Here she was right on a city street in broad daylight.
She felt the stares of both men and women as she made her way to her work
location. She didnt even get across the street before some guy in a car beeps
and shouted nice ass. She had forgotten just how little solid skirt material
there was covering her in comparison with the repeated exposure the fringe
permitted as it dance, jiggled and separated as she walked. The spiked high
heels added notably just how much her ass swayed as she walked.

&nbsp;

It wasnt long before a man approached. Susan guessed he was
perhaps in his forties, wearing a t-shirt and jeans. He stopped directly in
front of her. You got to be kidding. I havent seen a piece if ass as good
looking as you out on the streets at this time of day. How
fucken much? It all seemed to hit Susan at once. First the fact she
wasnt a woman to anyone but a piece of ass. Secondly, she knew when she would
tell him how little she was charging it would be added to the humiliation of
her situation. Susan told him. You got to be kidding me? he replied. Susans
face went red with shame. This is one of those hidden camera pranks, right?
If they only knew, Trent
was recording everything with his zoom lens camcorder. 

&nbsp;

Susan couldnt believe she nearly had to beg the guy to fuck
her. He was sure it was either some kind of set up for a robbery or perhaps a
police sting. Sue had to take his hand and placed it through the halter top.
No prank. she said. Before she knew it, he pulled her tit out and was
fingering her nipple. Susan anxiously looked around. So do you want it? she
asked.

&nbsp;

Yah, sure. Let me get this
straight. Youll suck me and I can fuck your ass all for ahhh..ahh. Susan
said Yes 35 cents. Susan started to lead him to the back of the alley then
she remembered the stripping rule. She stopped and looked back toward the
street and over to the van where she knew her tormentor was watching. Even
though it took only a few seconds to untie the halter top and drop the skirt
the fact she might be seen doing this was overwhelming. Her john couldnt
believe it either. No fucken slut whore her encountered would strip right out
in the open. Susan pulled him to the back of the alley. Her clothes were left
in a pile at the street. She got to her knees and took his dick in her mouth.
She hoped she could get him ready quickly. Susan worked her tongue down his
shaft and around. His dick swelled quickly as she began sucking. Oh yah baby. You are the slut of sluts. He muttered as she
worked her tongue over him. Finally he told her to turn around and bend over.
Susan pleaded for him to go slowly since her only liberation was her own saliva
on his prick. At first he slowly pushed into her. Susan was grateful she wore
the large plug during the ride there as he ass was already stretched. The man
grabbed two handfuls of tit and started ramming her. All Sue could do was try and support herself with her hands against the brick
wall. 

&nbsp;

Her john let out a loud groan and shoved her so hard she was
forced to lean up against the wall she was facing. Susan felt him cumming up into
her. With one last thrust, he half collapsed on her back. Oh you are one
fucked up bitch. He told her as he pulled out. Reaching into his picket for
change, he handed her a dime and quarter. Next time if you do a better job,
maybe Ill tip you an extra quarter. He laughed then quickly left her standing
there alone and naked.

&nbsp;

Susan quickly ran and grabbed the clothing that lay on the
ground and got dressed. She thought she noticed a woman across the street so
she moved as close to the building as she dressed. Finally she looked around
and walked back to the van where she saw Trent
holding his camera. This was for a blow job and an ass fucking. She said
handing him the 35 cents.

&nbsp;

Slut what was my one rule for you? he angrily asked.

&nbsp;

Susan looked surprised after doing what she never in her
life ever imagined herself doing. Master, I propositioned him for an ass
fucking and sucked his dick and I stripped before hand.

&nbsp;

You were told to strip right at the front of the alley. You
walked back about 8 feet before stripping. Havent you learned to follow
explicit orders yet? Susan stood looking shocked at him when he threw the
change toward a sewer grate. Youll start over again but for your punishment
for disobeying my explicit orders, your price have
just gone down a nickel per service.

&nbsp;

Susan wanted to cry but giving up would just cause her tremendous
punishment and pain. Over the next hour plus her earning came far short of the
$2.50 demanded of her. She was fucked some 5 times along with 4 more blow jobs
and 4 ass fucking for a total of $1.75. As the hour
went on, the most humiliating part was being rejected even for a nickel blowjob
or fifteen cent fucking. The looks of some men she approached made her feel
every bit the lewd, dirty, slut she presented. And this seemed to get worse as
the news spread around the area about the cheap whore in the alley. Susan
spotted two small groups of kids perhaps 12 or 14 years enjoying her strip show
each time she had to give an ass of cunt fucking. On rare occasions these kids have seen one of
the desperate wash-up whore exposing her saggy tits to try and attach a
customer but even for this trashy part of town and a cheap hooker stripping
completed naked out in the open was a new one. 

&nbsp;

The worse part was none of the men who fucked her appeared
to give a shit as to why she was doing this. Instead all they seem to see was a
slut and a golden opportunity to fuck her. She was seen as a slut and used as
the cheap slut she appeared to be. As a matter of fact only one man gave her
more than the required payment which Trent
refused to apply towards her goal. Instead when the well fucked and defeated
woman came into the van, he handed her the dollar tip and told her it was all
hers to keep. How the fuck do you expect me to find a half way decent buyer
for you when you cant even fuck and suck your way to earning parking money?
As ludicrous as it was, Susan felt a sense of shame and embarrassment about
this statement. Shed never fucked and sucked so many cocks in such a limited
time frame and yet her efforts came way short and this made her somehow feel
ashamed of herself.

&nbsp;

This experience gave Susan an almost renewed sense of her
sluttiness. Her feminity and her looks which she often used to her advantage
were seen and sold for pennies. For the first time in a long time Susan felt
the desire to cover herself out of shame. So when Trent handed her a different skirt to put on
along with her make up bag, she was so appreciative for the small consideration
that she thanked him for the small kindness.

&nbsp;

Cant have you looking completely like the cheap street hoe
but we dont want to give Pam the impression her aunt is anything but a slut
either. He told her when she discovered the new skirt was just slightly longer
than the original hooker skirt however this one was an elastic material, white
and once stretched over her ass and hips molded her lower body disclosing every
detail from her tight buns to outlining her hip bone with a its white stretchy material.
Susan realized once stretched the white fabrics knit broaden. She could make
out her skin tone of her upper thighs and knew her ass would be similarly
faintly flaunted behind. The clincher was when he told her to replace the black
butt plug up her fucked ass. Since it was black and the base pressed up against
the skirt in back anyone kinky enough could recognize that she had a butt plug.
Whatever gratitude she felt a few minutes before when he handed her a new skirt
was lost in the reality he would always present her as nothing but a slut.

&nbsp;

Im going to warn you once more, your husbands life is in
your hands as is any additional punishment you could earn to go along with your
failure to earn a mere $2.50 whoring. Trent
loved the fact that this slave was innocent enough to blush with most any additional
humiliation or even talk of it. You better make sure that bitch niece comes
along quietly with us, so you better be convincing and quick. Trent was actually concern about this
abduction. First he had never abducted any of his victims in such a public
place but mostly he wasnt completely sure of Susans motherly instincts even
if she wasnt the girls real mother. Trent
slid the vans door open. What will happen to your husband if you fail? he
asked her.

&nbsp;

Susans face went sallow. Hell die. She replied in a soft
voice.

&nbsp;

Hell die very painfully slut. Trent added. Are you going to be good?

&nbsp;

Susan nodded twice before she could reply just thinking of
how torturous of a death it would be for her husband if she failed him. Yes
master. I will do my best. Please dont hurt him.

&nbsp;

Come on. We got a young cunt to pick up.

&nbsp;

*** TO BE CONTINUED ****

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Susan Banks          (Summerville)



 
  .
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  180
  2007-06-02T22:19:00Z
  2007-06-02T22:19:00Z
  6
  2263
  12901
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  107
  30
  15134
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






&nbsp;

CHAPTER 30

WELCOME HOME, WELCOME TO SLAVERY

&nbsp;

Ok it time to go. Trent
announced. The simple act of stepping out of the van taught Susan an embarrassing
lesson. When her leg reached out for the curb it caused the tight little skirt
covering her to roll up her thigh as fast as a window shade shooting up and
ended bunched up around her waist. Didnt get enough of showing off you ass
and cunt earlier, slut?

&nbsp;

As quickly as possible Sue pulled the
skirt back down to cover herself. She knew she would have to take short
small steps in order to maintain what little dignity she had left wearing such
an outfit. 

&nbsp;

The short steps caused her tits and ass to giggle as she
walked along with Trent.
He deliberately was walking faster than normal just to make the slut shake and
shimmy all the more. Oh how he loved humiliating this slave. In spite of
everything her had done to her and everything that
Larry guy forced her to do, she somehow maintained a sense of innocents. Trent enjoyed the mental
torture he had the power to convey almost as much as the physical. Perhaps he
should consider capturing more married women who clung to the concept that they
might be saved someday or at least that what was happening to them was being
forced upon them. Trent
could not hold back a smile as he watched the once wholesome house wifes body
jiggle enticingly for anyone to see. The outfit showed off every curve of her delicious
body almost better than if she was nude. It is strange, he thought, how people seeing a woman on the street dressed like his slave
immediately judge her as a trashy slut and yet the same woman on the beach with
a sliver of a suit would be in fashion. 

&nbsp;

Trent
couldnt help himself. This bitch was turning him on. He hit the button which
sent a jolt within her ass. Sue almost forgot how to stop the pain as she
jerked and twisted in agony. The shocks were so strong she didnt even bother
to look around to see if anyone might be behind her. She bent over to
deactivate the shocker. The skirt of course instantly exposed her naked ass
with the black plug shoved up it. Luckily there wasnt anyone on that side of
the street however she was spotted by a passing car which honked as her. flash you tits at them. Trent ordered. And keep moving, slut.

&nbsp;

As they just approaching the main doors to the bus station,
sitting on the sidewalk propped up against the building was a panhandler. Trent paused and turned
to Sue. You know it would be nice slut, if you gave him the tip you got
today.

&nbsp;

Susan looked at the man grinning up at her. She wondered if
he could see the wetness trickling down between the thighs from his position on
the ground. Carefully she lowered herself by placing a leg out and behind her
so she could bend to hand the man her tip money. Trent noticed this. It wasnt how he wanted
his slut to appear. With one hand, Sue handed the man her dollar while holding
her halter top closed with the other. Suddenly she felt the zap of the plug up
her ass. She nearly jumped upward to the shock. Her ass reacted involuntarily, clenching
tightly around the thick plug. Trent
started laughing. The transient couldnt figure out what was happening to the
hot bitch in front of him. She almost looked like she was doing a dance.
Unexpectedly, he saw her bend so far over at the waist that her naked ass was
right in front of his face.

&nbsp;

Oh yah baby. He cheered her on. 

&nbsp;

The plug stopped shooting its painful bolts. Sues hands
went to her bottom while being unaware once more the stretchy skirt rolled up
with this hasty and deep bending. Once more she frantically covered herself as
fast as she could. None the less she had displayed her plug filled ass and
shaved cunt to this man who had no idea why she did what she did but realized
the man with her, calling her his slut was obviously in charge.

&nbsp;

Susan turned to go. Hey what about the dollar you were
going to give me, slut.

&nbsp;

Sue could not believe this lowly bum was calling her a slut.
Susan tossed the dollar down to him. He snatched it out of the air then looked
up at Trent.
Id like to show my apprehension to your slut with a kiss. He said to Trent. 

&nbsp;

When a smile crossed Trents
face, Susan knew he would oblige this guy. Trent nodded at Susan. She took a deep breath
and turned back at the grubby man. When he made no effort to stand up to kiss
her, Susan looked back at Trent
just as the transient said, You can sit on my lap for your kiss, honey. Once
more Trent nodded
for her to obey the man.

&nbsp;

As carefully and just as unsuccessfully, Susan tried to get
down without flashing him again. As she lowered herself onto his lap, she felt
his hand cupping the base of the butt plug. What is this stuck up your ass,
slut?

&nbsp;

Ah.. ah
its a plug sir. Susan replied without even thinking she responded with the
title. Trent
caught this and was pleased that his slut was learning everyone and anyone is
superior to herself.

&nbsp;

The grubby man wiggled the plug until she moan. You got to
be pretty slutty wearing an outfit like this with that plug sticking out your
backside. Are you the same whore I heard was giving nickel blow jobs in the
alley before I got here?

&nbsp;

Susan couldnt even reply she was so humiliated. She nodded
yes. 

&nbsp;

So I could get me. Ahh .. well a lot of fucking blow jobs for this dollar right?

&nbsp;

We dont have the time. Trent spoke up. As much fun as it was
watching the slave housewife being totally degraded and being felt up by this
guy they had a bus to catch. The guy said ok. He took his hand from her bottom
and wrapped his arm around Susan while his other hand went up the fleeting
skirt. Damn your slut is fucking wetter than a bitch who
just got fucked by a horse. Susan struggled but it was useless and unless Trent stepped in again,
she knew she would have to deal with the mans fingers which were already probing
within her cunt. Ok, bitch, Hank wants some tongue with that kiss.

&nbsp;

Susan didnt know what was more repulsive, to have to french
kiss the guy or feeling his dirty hands inside her cunt. She soon discovered
that both were the ultimate humiliation of the day as he finger fucked her and
held her in the kiss for nearly 30 seconds.

&nbsp;

When she finally got up, straighten out her skirt for the
third time and came to Trents
side. She could not look him in the eye because she felt so soiled. You better
get use to it slave. Who knows, your new owner might just want you to fuck that
horse he mentioned or be assigned to pleasure his dogs as a kennel bitch.
Nothing is out of the question for you now.

&nbsp;

Susan could not hold back the tears. She didnt want this
kind of life for herself but she wouldnt betray Bob either. Mentally her inner
voice was repeating how wrong this was yet as she began to walk again she
detected the unmistakable seepage from her pussy and her nipples right now
stood straight out begging to be abused and more humiliations. 

&nbsp;

As they walked into the bus station most of the men and a
lot of the women noticed the shameless dressed blond with her ass swinging and
tits bouncing to the clicking of her heels. Slut was the word that came to most
everyone who saw her. If you dont hurry up, Ill zap that ass of yours right
here. Trent threaten because her short choppy steps werent keeping up
with him. Susan knew she had to speed up because she couldnt bare the zappers
pain and to bend right out in the waiting area would be too much. She took
slightly longer strides. Instantly she felt the dress starting to creep up on
her. She had to constantly tug down one side then the other as she tried to
keep up with Trents
pace.

&nbsp;

Trent
looked up at the schedule. Pams bus was scheduled to arrive in 8 minutes.
Slut, you have five minutes to get one of those guys to go with you behind
those baggage carts and give him a blow job.

&nbsp;

Susan turned and saw about a dozen young guys all wearing
the team jackets. She looked back at Trent.
You better obey instantly without thought or Ill will
triple the punishment you have coming to you.

&nbsp;

Her heart began to pound as she walked into the circle of
guys. Trent
watched as she obviously was trying to get one to come with her but either he
didnt believe her or was suspicious of such an offer. The group began howling
as she tried coaxing two others. They laughed until she grabbed the fourth
guys hand and placed it under her halter top on her tit. A cheer went up and
they became louder.

&nbsp;

Just when it looked like she found a guy who was willing to
go with her, Trent
hit the remote button. Susan twitched as the bolt of electricity began shooting
up her ass. She didnt hesitate this time. It didnt make any difference anyway.
After practically begging any of the guys to suck their dick she had no dignity
left. Susan bent at the waist in order to trigger the level float that would
stop the pain. Her bare ass with plug and all was on display within the circle
of guys who she just propositioned. A loud roar went up again as well as some
ass slapping. Trent
walked over to the group who now were becoming more forward with the obvious
slut. 

&nbsp;

Excuse me guys. My friends wife here goes wild when her
husband is tied up and away from her. She craves cocks so bad shell do
anything but we have to meet her daughter. I just hope her daughter doesn't
have a boy friend with her or this slut might rape him.

&nbsp;

Susan came along. She felt sick to her stomach as she
realized this man could not only control her like a remote controlled toy but
was more than willing to do so to humiliate her. Maybe being sold and getting
away from him would be better than this.

&nbsp;

They heard the arrival announcement of the Chicago bus. Wipe those tears from your eyes
and put on a welcome home smile slut. You have just tripled your hanging time.
Do you want to make it worse?

&nbsp;

Trent
spotted the young teen before Susan. Go to her and welcome her home. Say
whatever you have to, to make her comfortable. Dont fuck this up too like your
last simple orders.

&nbsp;

Susan carefully walked toward Pam who was noticeably stunned
at her aunts appearance. Trent
kept an eye for security and his slut. This was a crucial period. He had pushed
her hard the last couple of hours to make sure she knew just how totally she
was under his control. He wanted her to act without independent thought but
there was the risk she might crack and go the other way. 

&nbsp;

Pam was cuter than she appeared in her picture. A half of a
million price came to Trent mind as he watched the young girl apparently
berating her aunts appearance to the point she didnt want to be seen with
her.

&nbsp;

Susan nearly grabbed Pams arm and brought her to Trent. This is a friend
of Bob and mine. Hell drive us home. 

&nbsp;

Pam asked where her Uncle Bob was. Hes dealing with some
kind of possible electrical problem at home. We should get back and help him
out before he electrocutes himself. Trent
said with a chuckle.

&nbsp;

What the fuck is up with Susan? She looks like she should
be living here on the street in that outfit. Pam snapped

&nbsp;

It your aunts whole new personality and look. Bob wanted a
little wilder wife and this is how far she took it. 

&nbsp;

I dont want to be seen with someone dressed like a slut.
She said stepping back from them.

&nbsp;

Hey baby. Are you and the other chick offering the blow
jobs? one of the baseball players asked as they neared them.

&nbsp;

Pams mouth dropped. What? Who the fuck
do you think you are talking to? Pam shouted at the group.

&nbsp;

That slut wanted to suck us off for free, bitch. Just
because youre not up for it doesnt mean the whore with the plug up her ass
wont be willing to drop to her knees.

&nbsp;

Lets get the fuck out of here. I want to talk to my Uncle
Bob. I cant believe you people.

&nbsp;

There wasnt a word spoken as they walked to the van. Pam
would not walk with Trent and Susan but rather lagged behind. Trent would have preferred her in front of
them but she was following along. When we get to the van I will grab Pam.
Theres a syringe right on the floor. You will sick the needle in her ass while
I hold her. Do you understand slut?

&nbsp;

Please master dont make me do
this too.

&nbsp;

Are you saying you want your tits and cunt bitten by your
favorite ants while hanging tonight?

&nbsp;

Susan heart nearly stopped thinking of just how painful that
all could be. Im sorry master. I will obey please forgive me.

&nbsp;

Pamela pretty much bitched about everything. She was upset
with her aunt about having to take the bus, the fact her aunt had embarrassed
the hell out of her in the station and why her Uncle Bob wouldnt tell her
anything about all this when he called her. When they reached the van she
muttered, What a piece of junk.

&nbsp;

Trent
slid open the vans side door. Pam immediately noticed there were
no seat in the back of the van. Where the fuck do
you expect me to sit? Hey what are
mumm mummph. Trent
grabbed her from behind placing one strong hand over her mouth and another
trapping her armed to her sides. Susans hands were shaking as she picked up
the hypodermic needle and looked at her struggling niece. How she wanted to say
how sorry she was.

&nbsp;

Pam guessed what would happen next and began to struggle
harder when she felt her own aunt lifting her skirt up in back and sticking her
with the needle. Ouuu bissh. Was all she could get
out with the hand tightly over her mouth. Very soon her struggled slowed as she weaken. In less than 20 seconds she went limp. Her last
visions were of her own aunt standing there holding the needle that was causing
her to slip away.

&nbsp;

Trent
rolled the young girl on to the floor of the van and ordered Susan to get in
too. He tossed Pams bag in back and went around toward the drivers seat and
took a small camera out of the seat divider storage compartment. Stripper her and
be quick about it. Susan worked the buttons of her nieces jeans and pulled
her them off her. She had to lift her limp niece up to pull the shirt off
leaving her with just her bra, thong panties and shoes. As Susan began to untie
the shoes she noticed Trent
was taking picture after picture recording her participation in her own nieces
kidnapping. I said everything you stupid slut. Trent roared when Sue hesitated to go any
further. Rip the bra and thong off her. Sue did as ordered. Here, lock these
on her wrists behind her back. He ordered tossing her a pair of hand cuffs.
The pictures continued. Before she was done, Trent had her spread the drugged captives
legs apart and locked to the side walls as well as locking on a leather hood to
blind her. Now you strip cunt. 

&nbsp;

With her scanty outfit this took a few seconds before she
was naked too. Once more he tossed her a set of hand cuffs. Susan knew enough
to lock them behind her back. Finally, he took Pams top and stuffed as much as
he could in Susans mouth and used duct tape to hold it in place before placing
a second hood over her head and lock this on.

&nbsp;

Trent
lean back, it seemed everything went as well as he hoped it would. He hated the
whole idea of such an impromptu kidnapping without detail plans but now he had
two nice pieces of ass in back and soon a pocket full of more money.

&nbsp;

**** TO BE CONTINUED ****

&nbsp;














Susan Banks          (Summerville)




 
  .
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  433
  2007-06-07T17:08:00Z
  2007-06-07T17:08:00Z
  7
  2974
  16957
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  141
  39
  19892
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






&nbsp;

CHAPTER 31

CROSSING THE BORDER

&nbsp;

Susan hung with just toes of each foot making contact with
the floor. Already her arches ached from her
occasional ballerina attempts to allow her wrists and arms the slightest
relief. What made things even worse was this meager bit of relief caused the
heavy weights he had attached to her nipples to sway ever so slightly. Five
pounds never seemed like a lot to her except for the fact each of the pair of
dumbbells were dangling from a nipple. Five pounds felt like 500. Susans ample
tits were drastically drawn downward by thin cords that Trent had tied around each swollen bud. He
made sure she understood the nooses would tighten to their limits with each
little movement. At first Susan desperately tried to hold as still as possible
to avoid the ever increasing tightening of the slip knots but one can only
endure standing on her toes for so long before her stained feet screamed with
pain. Of course Trent
made sure she also would be provoked into moving in other ways. The zapping
butt plug was switched over to its random triggering setting. No less than
three times a minute and as often as 6 times, the plug deep
up her ass would send its shocks to her sensitive hole. Not only were the number of charges randomly coming but the device
also altered the power and duration of each electrical bolt to her.

&nbsp;

When the most severe shocks sizzled within her she would
scream and toss back her head. And if it happen to be a prolong assault she
could not stop the frenetic dance during such pain. It mattered little that the
nipple weights would swing wildly because during those horrible moments nothing
was worse than the pain in her ass. However when the electrical jolts stopped,
what she considered a respite, refocused her attention to the pain she had caused
her own nipples. Each time she fought to control her panting and try to stop
the swinging and tugging of the heavy weights as best and quickly as possible. 

&nbsp;

All this was torture enough but she was told she earned all
this suffering simply because she couldnt obey and she better learn here on
out punishments would get more brutal for the slightest failure. She was told
the camera would be recording her and he would review the recording this
evening. After each lesson, which Trent
called Susan agonizing assaults, she was to state to the camera who and what
she was. I am a slut slave. I exist for others pleasure whether that is to fuck
me, whip me or humiliate me.

&nbsp;

Trent
warned her she would earn additional correctional punishments for each and every
time she did not recite this phrase exactly. If the random shocking struck
again before she could proclaimed her purpose in life this would warrant her a
half hour of additional pain the next morning.

&nbsp;

Knowing what Trent warned her about and how her punishments
would get even more severe, Sue desperately wanted to avoid any extra pain but
at times when the zappings were very strong and/or long coupled with the pain
she inflicted to her nipples and tits, it took her longer to recover enough to
be capable of speaking. She wasnt sure but she thought she had acquired an
additional hour and a half punishment session already and it was getting worse
as she began to weaken. Trent
checked his security screens of Susans chamber. He chucked to himself while
thinking, Slut you can never win. He noticed by the timer she still had a
little over 45 minutes of random shocks left. As for her suspension and nipple
weights, well that shed just have to contend with until he was finished
introducing himself to Pamela. He checked the recording and determined she had
only failed to correctly declare herself a slut slave three times but she
didnt repeat the exact phrase four other times as she tried to say it in
obvious pain. Trent would ask her later if she felt she
should get credit for them. If she begged him to accept them he would of course
punish her for this by doubling her time. But he really was hoping shed try and out
think him by admitting they shouldnt be acceptable. Then he would simply agree
and berate her for such a poor performance. He always loved to see the despair
in his captives faces when they realize they could never win with him nor anyone who would take charge of their new lives.

&nbsp;

Just when Trent
was ready to visit his new captive he had second thoughts about what was soon
to be a pretty busy schedule dealing with everyone. He opened his phone and
punched in some instruction codes before looking back at his slave on the
screen. She hung limp for 15 seconds until her body jerked wildly. His instructions to the random generator controller was to raise
the minimum shocker level from 5 to 8. He estimated with such a pain level the
slut would surely fail 4 out of 5 times. Most the times she wouldnt even be able to speak let alone repeat her required dialogue
flawlessly. This would earn her days more of punishment which was just the
added time he figured he would need to make progress with the niece. There was
no sense in just letting this slut lay around all comfortable and getting fat during
his time with the new slave. The next jolt really sent poor Susan convulsing.
It was so strong it caused the 5 pound weight to flip upward a good 4 inches
before tearing at her nipples when they slammed back against her body. Oh that
had to hurt. He laughed catching this just before turning off the monitor and
leaving the room.

&nbsp;

-----

&nbsp;

You fucken better let me go, you pervert. Ill have you sent away for a long time. Pam
boldly said the second Trent
walked into the barn where Bob previously resided. Trent ignored the teen but rather went to one
of the locked cabinet and retrieved a few items. Pam felt very helpless, naked,
cuffed and alone in the cage but she wasnt about to let this son of a bitch
know it. I dont know what kind of sick game you and Aunt Susan are playing
here but when my Uncle Bob hears about it your ass will be . Hey stop it.
Ahhh auggh

&nbsp;

Pam never finished her sentence as Trent tighten a noose around her neck and
pulled it tight before tossing it over a beam above her. He pulled until she
could barely breath and tied it off. Pam looked pretty
much like her Aunt on tip toes only she was supported by her neck instead of
her wrists. Trent
began to take some measurements but when he stepped in front of her, she kicked
out at him. She only managed a glancing blow to the side of his thigh but at
least she fought back she thought.

&nbsp;

SNAP. Ahhhhhhhhhhh
SNAPSNAP. Pam screamed loudly as Trent
triggered a stun gun directed at her tits.

&nbsp;

The young girl choked herself while attempting to avoid another
shot. All this movement and choking made her light headed from lack of air. If
you try anything like that again, if you speak without permission again this
will get worse. He said holding up the stun gun while showing her he just
turned up the level. Your entire survival, whether or not you eat, sleep, fuck
or even breath is up to me and its all based on your obedience.

&nbsp;

To most anyone, Trents
threats and what the teen had just experienced would have convinced anyone so
vulnerable to comply, but not Pamela Powel. She was a feisty and defiant girl.
She kicked out at the man before her once more and this time completely missed.
Trent grabbed a
handful of hair and held her while planting the stun gun directly on her pussy.
After four consecutive shots, Pan passed out. 

&nbsp;

Trent
quickly released the rope and noose as she hung limp from it. He was upset with
himself for over reacting and a bit perturbed his threat meant so little to
her.

&nbsp;

-----

&nbsp;

The remainder of the day Pan felt the whip, nipple clamps
and weights, the electrical shocks and lastly when she thought there was
nothing more a sadistic bastard could do to her, she was introduced to his
friends the bullet ants.

&nbsp;

By day two Pam pleaded for him to stop. She promised to be
good. He ignored her pleas but rather continued nearly hourly with some
additional torture. It was exhausting him. After all he had to keep her aunt
uncomfortable during the same time too. For Susan her tortures were mostly
mechanically controlled. His presents with her was unnecessary unlike it was
with the teenager. He wanted her to understand quickly that his will was the
only thing that she would care about.

&nbsp;

By the end of day two, Pam had earned herself a reward. A glass of water. Trent
made a big deal about something so little would have to be earned by her.

&nbsp;

Finally on day three, he asked her if she was ready to begin
anew? She
nodded in surrender. It wasnt a resolving submission but that would come with
time.

&nbsp;

Meanwhile, Bob was going crazy wondering what was going on and
what might be happening to his wife. His only contact with Trent each day were
the two meals and fresh water he brought him but he spoke little to his male
captive. By now Bob knew any questions, any pleading would cause his wife
relentless pain.

&nbsp;

As for Susan she suffered for her many impossible to avoid
failures. Besides biding time that he needed with his new acquisition, he made
sure Susan was learning the slightest tiny failures by her would not be
accepted. The hardest command for her to succeed at was remaining silent while
receiving torture. Only when she was gagged could she moan and cry into it. For
those less painful tortures like hanging with weights attached to her nipples
and cunt lips, even the slightest whimper was not acceptable. This was really
difficult once Trent
began adding sexual stimulation along with the pain. Using vibrators up her
cunt and ass while hanging and told she much cum every
hour without a sound from her was impossible. It was ok with Trent that she failed in this. He was
allowing her a little pleasure so she should suffer the payment for it.

&nbsp;

----

&nbsp;

By the end of the week, Trent realized, Pam was a completely
different cookie than her Aunt and Uncle. Fear of pain had limited motivational
gains with her. If he had the time, he knew he could break her but he needed to
move on. He was in the business of acquiring, prepping and delivering slaves
to the ever growing market of those who desired to own an American
slaves. His obedience training was mainly for the purpose of the sales
time. He was aware the largest growing segment of this market
were from countries with either a grudge against America or jealousy
towards it. The girls sold into one of those situations really didnt have to
be taught to obey, their purpose was mainly to be the object of the owners venting
while brutal rape was the choice of sexual use. Still Trent knew the more cooperative the slave was
for sale the faster the turn around.

&nbsp;

It was during one
session with Pam when the suffering girl said something derogatory toward her
aunt for getting her into all this that gave Trent an idea that he never would have
considered using. Trent
allowed both Sue and Pam to rest for a couple of days before he would try it
out.

&nbsp;

----

&nbsp;

Trent
checked up on Susan. She still had plenty of soreness from her nearly week of
constant restraint, torture and other abuses but for all the wear and tear the
30 year old came though it pretty well. Trent
always checked for any changes in his merchandise. Susan had already lost 8
pounds during her captivity and although she was in great shape to begin with
the weight lost did show well on her curvy frame. I need to piss, slave Trent said when he
entered her cell. Without hesitation Susan got down and crawled to him, took
his dick in her hand and funneled it into her mouth. When Trent started to piss, she swallowed as
quickly as she could. The repugnant taste and degradation from her eager
acceptance of the task was clearly there but in comparison with the week she
had just experienced, one would think she was drinking champaign from a spout.
Susan even thanked him when he was finished. 

&nbsp;

Even though he had to grin by her feeble attempt to please
him further by her statement, Trent
once more enforced his rule to never speak a word unless permitted to. He made her stand with her hands laced behind
her head while he slapped her tits several times without moving. Do you
understand what that was for slut? he asked. Susan only nodded,
afraid answering might grain her worse punishment. 

&nbsp;

He then ordered her to follow him upstairs where he allowed
her to shower and dress. Of course her outfit was on the level of her whoring
attire from a week earlier. She no longer cared what he had planned for her,
she was resolved to obey quickly and to the best of her ability in order to
avoid her own pain as well as her husband.

&nbsp;

Trent
once again took her sight away with the tape and gauze over her eyes before
adding the dark sunglasses to hide this blindfold. He told her if she did well
today, she could gain a night off for herself and her husband. Trent noticed she mouthed words. It was her only
way of asking permission to ask a question. Speak slut. He commanded.

&nbsp;

Master what about my niece. Is she alright?

&nbsp;

Trent
looked at her. Here the little brat in the barn wanted to tear out her aunts
eyes while this slut was worried for the teens welfare. This was good, he
thought. Another tool he could use to speed things up. Your niece has been
less than cooperative and as you know by now, just what that has earned her. I
will promise you this, slut. If you dont cause me any trouble what so ever,
today. Ill give her a slight reprieve from the punishment she has accumulated
for herself. Susan nodded once more. She sighed knowing how difficult Pam
could be and knew how stubborn she was.

&nbsp;

----- 

&nbsp;

The drive to the border crossing into Mexico took 45
minutes. Susan had no idea where they were headed even after hearing a mans
voice with a heavy Mexican accent. Most cars coming from the states into Mexico are waved
on quickly, however, the lucky boarder guard on duty that day wanted to get a
better look at the hot looking blonde in this car. Buenas
tardes. Trent
greeted the guard. The Mexican border agent didnt even look at him as he
replied to Trents
gesture. 

&nbsp;

Spread your legs, slut. Trent ordered while the guard pretended to
make some notes on a clip board. As Susan obeyed she felt the short tight skirt
slither up the few inches it cover her until it exposed all of her bare cunt. Trent smiled to himself as
the border guards eyes widen. It didnt take much of a visual bribe to satisfy
one of these young agents. All of the guards were aware of several small towns
that catered to the kinky sex pleasure visitors. These areas conducted business
with the knowledge of corrupt officials being paid well from the profits coming
of the bars and sex ranches that most any young man from this area had visited
once or twice in his life.

&nbsp;

These areas use to feature local girls, who were desperate
enough, to fulfill most any raunchy request but now days a lot of kinky couples
and even single women looking for unthinkable experiences came and entertained
there. 

&nbsp;

The bar and ranch owners loved the set up. Some American Dom
or Dominick would bring a kinky wife, lover or submissive to push their limits
way beyond anything possible back home and they profited from the entertainment
value along with charging the Dom a protection fee as well as any profits they
might make for sexual favors.

&nbsp;

The protection fee came in the form of assurance,
the slut slave would not be stolen from the Dom along with safe passage back to
the border. It didnt include much safeguard for the slave once at a bar or
ranch but rather those limitations were the establishments guidelines.

&nbsp;

The understood limitations at these bars and sex ranches
ranged anywhere from a place to publicly expose ones sub or oneself, to open
sex, gang rapes, public bondage, punishment, or whipping, and all the way to
forced animal sex. A woman who might have second thoughts about her husband or Doms
idea of a hot weekend being fucked by a dog or donkey, had little alternative
other than to try and enjoy it since the local police, judge and business
owners in the out of the way regions would often threaten them with arrest and
a much worst fate if they tried to cause a problem. Once a submissive entered
into such a situation, it was like signing over her own destiny and yet there were
enough kinky people from the states as well as over the world who visited these
small towns to do a good business.

&nbsp;

There was another unspoken element that many heard rumored.
Unlike all the willing kinky enjoyment seekers who called themselves slut
slaves, there was suppose to be genuine slave trafficking too. Only insiders
knew where and how this operated and those involved had only the protection of
the unwritten code of the unscrupulous organizations as protection. For this
trip, Trent wanted
to initialize contact with any of the contacts available. Today was a
promotional trip. He knew within an hour or so of his arrival with Susan, the
word among those who would represent any potential clients would examine his
offering. Unless someone made him an offer he couldnt refuse, this was just an
advertisement promotion. 

&nbsp;

The guard spoke to Trent
in Spanish from Susans side of the car. The still blinded woman knew sitting
with her legs spread open whoever this was at her side had complete view of her
hairless cunt. She didnt know how or why Trent
would take such a gamble at being caught but she knew she wouldnt risk any
attempt at soliciting help. After all if this Trent got arrested both her husband and
nieces lives would be at risk. Locked away somewhere unknown, without food and
water for more than a few days, it would mean their deaths.

&nbsp;

Susan tried to remain calm as they spoke. She knew very
little Spanish but often heard the word puta many times and knew they were referring
to her. Suddenly, she felt a hand groping her tit through the halter top. The
Mexican continued to talk with Trent
as his hand open the halter. Start finger fucking yourself, slut. Trent told her.

&nbsp;

Susan couldnt believe this was happening somewhere so
publicly. The sounds of other cars and people were everywhere and yet this man
and Trent were having her expose herself so openly. Where in the hell could
they be that it was ok?

&nbsp;

After a few laughs and a lot of hard mauling of her tits,
the hand left her. She dared not stop fingering herself as commanded even while
the car began moving again. You are enjoying that, arent you slut? she heard
Trent ask.
Susan didnt know how to answer. Actually she was at a high point of arousal
but to be asked if she enjoyed the risk and exposure.. Susan just nodded. Well
stop it. You will get us stopped every mile by every Mexican policeman who
would want to cop a feel.

&nbsp;

Susan now knew they were in Mexico. Although the border was
less than an hour away from their Summerville home, she felt a whole new loss
of security in her situation. Her fears intensified as did her excitement with
what might happen to her next. And as much as she tried to convince herself
this wasnt turning her on, she knew how quickly her pussy juices began to
build up. 

&nbsp;

Susan never really felt comfortable whenever she and Bob
went down into Mexico.
She told Bob how uncomfortable she felt being so blatantly stared at by men
down there. And it wasnt just the Mexicans but also American military,
teenagers, and kids going down for a wild time. It was an atmosphere with few
limitations and little respect for partying Americans. With so much underage
drinking at clubs that paid off authorities, Bob didnt like how rudely his
wife was treated either, so they avoided taking friends down except for an occasional
shopping trip.

&nbsp;

Now Susan was not only down here without her husband but
dressed like the total slut she felt she often was looked upon. What was worse
was she completely understood both Bob and Pams circumstances would depend on
her obedience to this man. 

&nbsp;

*** TO BE CONTINUED ***














Susan Banks          (Summerville)





 
  .
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  13
  2007-06-19T22:50:00Z
  2007-06-19T22:50:00Z
  9
  3794
  21626
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  180
  50
  25370
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






&nbsp;

CHAPTER 32

SUSTANTIVA ESCLAVA FOR SALE

(Slave for sale)

&nbsp;

The further Trent
drove them into the country, the more despondent Susan felt. It was only a hour or so drive from the US/Mexico border crossing but
with her experiences and her situation as a slut slave, Susan was flat out
scared especially once she felt the car taking some back roads. Finally they
stopped. In her blindfolded darkness, Susan tried to listen for clues as to
where they might be or what was happening. Without warning she felt Trent remove the
sunglasses and pulled the tape from her eyes. It took a little time before her
eyes could adjust. Trent
opened her door, like a gentleman.

&nbsp;

She noticed several boys looking up her short skirt and
smiling as she got out. Sue blushed knowing they had to have seen her naked
pussy with so little to the skirt. Little did she know, the same boys would see
a hell of a lot more of her before the conclusion of her trip.

&nbsp;

Trent said something to the boys who quickly
stood up and came forward. She watched him hand each of the boys some money
then told her to backup against a chain link fence which was along side of a
building that they were parked in front of. Susan quickly obeyed and was
shocked when the two boys each grabbed a wrist and in seconds she found they
were tying her wrists wide apart to the fence. She wasnt sure what to do. She
looked toward Trent
for guidance but he had already turned and started into the building to get out
of the hot sun.

&nbsp;

The boys who appeared to be anywhere between the ages of 14
and perhaps 16 worked the leather thongs around her wrists tightly and pulled
together until her arms were painful stretched out to her sides. One of them
went around the fence and grabbed hold of her hair through the fence. Susan
tried to look back but he had a good grip on her hair. She couldnt even turn
her head. Then from the front the other boy passed several coils of the leather
lashing around her neck and passed the end to the boy behind her. She began to
choke as she felt him pulling the strap upward. As best she could, Susan tried
to rise up on her toes before he stopped pulling on it and finally tied it off.
She now felt her face turning red do to her limited air flow and for the first
time she began worrying about her very life.

&nbsp;

Susan tried to move to lessen the choking of the leather
strap. Although her effort raised herself up perhaps an inch or so, this panicky
tip toe dance also made her braless tits jiggle and gain the attention of the
boys. 

&nbsp;

Susan felt a couple pair of hands grabbing at her tits while
some comments she didnt understand were made about her. Suddenly the halter
top was untied and her tits poured forth. Frantic at what might happen next she
tried to turn her head and look toward the building where Trent had entered. He was nowhere in sight
and she knew she was at the complete mercy or lack there of, of these boys.
Susan saw the younger looking of the two boys holding up another long thin
leather strap and he began wrapping loops around the base of her left breast.
To her shock he and the other boy each grabbed an end and pulled as hard as
they could to tighten the noose. Susan screamed from the pain as her tits bulged
into a rigid snared orb that felt like it was being cut by the leather thong
biting into her tender flesh. The boys giggled as they continued to make the
noose even tighter before making a second loop and repeating the tug-a-war
tightening process. This breast bondage was more brutal than what Trent had done to her in
her cell. Susan began pleading with the boys who either didnt understand her or
couldnt care less what she was saying. After a half dozen excruciating loops
they used up all the length of the leather strap and began with another one for
her right breast. By the time the boys were done Susan was wheezing for air due
to the tightness of their tit bondage and her restricted air flow with the
leather that was around her neck.

&nbsp;

She lost all concern or fight when she felt her skirt being
pulled off of her. Each of the boys took turned feeling her up. Playing with
her very dark crimson tits and shoving their fingers into the Americans cunt.
Susan tried to block out the fact that mere boys were quickly bringing her to a
climax right out in the open. Susan climaxed several times from their continues
finger fucking and each time they express amusement and made comments when they
saw her body quake and quaver as she rode out each orgasm.

&nbsp;

Finally they left her and went inside the building where Trent had gone. Susan
stood naked and totally helpless against the chain link fence. The exposed
Americans body glisten with sweat from both the heat and her multiple orgasms.
She tried to make sense of what was happening. Surely she had monetary value to
her kidnapper. Why would he just give her over to some boys as a play thing. The more she thought the more she realized she had
begun thinking of herself as merchandise and no longer captive Susan Banks. The
inevitable was sinking in and all she could hope for was a compassionate owner.


&nbsp;

Trent
reappeared along with the boys and a burly Mexican man. She was groped and felt
up buy the this man while Trent seemed to be praising the boys on a job
well done with his slaves bondage.

&nbsp;

She doesnt need a ring gag. Trent said when one of the man
pulled one out and was about to secure it in Susans mouth. She loves sucking
cock. Dont you slut? Sue could barely speak but answered yes sir.

&nbsp;

It is a new rule Senior Trent. We have had some slaves recently,
who have tried a last act of rebellion and hurt some clients. It is now a rule while
on display, slaves for sale must be either gagged for silence or ring gagged.

&nbsp;

Ok, then use the ring gag. Shell
want as many cocks in her mouth as she can get. Trent answered. So how do you suggest she should
be displayed today?

&nbsp;

I think we got the perfect device. As you say she is an
older cunt but those tits are mucho grande. They should be a selling point
dont you think? the Mexican men said holding one of Sues already sore
bloated tits in his hand. Sue screamed as his hand went from cupping her tied
tit to crushing it with his hand. The only purpose for this was to watch her
suffer, so in spite of her pleas and screams and thrashing which was so forceful
that she made the fence shake, he sadistically laughed at her. Sue considered kicking
out at him to try and stop him from digging his fat fingers into her bound tits
but she knew she better and fought back her urge.

&nbsp;

As you said Miguel, her tits are her a
selling point. You know what they say, if you damage it, you bought it? Trent told the man who
was digging his fingers into Sues taunt titty flesh.

&nbsp;

Miguel laughed. If I could afford one of the many American
cunts that come through here, do you think I would be making torture devices
for a living?

&nbsp;

Miguel we both know you love your work. How many different
cunts do you get to fuck every month? Trent
asked.

&nbsp;

Miguel and the boys laughed. Enough to
hope to be doing this for another 25 years. He said finally letting
Sues mangled tit go. Her tit throbbed from his molesting. I will get you a
back bender so this cunt can parade around showing her tits off for you. He
went inside. Meanwhile Trent
said something to the boys who went about untying Sues wrists and neck from
the fence. Her brutally bound were left tied. A moment later Miguel and came
out holding a curved piece of wood. It was smooth and had a cock shape attached
to its base. From the base the piece wood ran upward about 3 feet on a sharp
bend. Susan was ordered to stand with her legs spread. Miguel had the piece of
wood behind her and first worked the carved wooden cock up into her ass. They
cared not that she wasnt ready for it and pushed until the thick head passed
her sphincter and finally sank the entire length up into her ass. The wooden
cock was hard and thick. She had little time to accommodate the mammoth phallus
before Miguel next took some leather cords and lashed the curved back piece to
her waists. He tied this very tight. Sue pretty much guessed where and who the
boys learn to tie such strict binding to a womans body. 

&nbsp;

Next her wrists were pulled back behind her and the curved
frame but they were also pulled painfully upward. Quickly more leather straps were
added below and above her already tied tits and finally a loop around her neck,
all of which were tightly tied to the small arched shaft. When they stepped
back they looked at a woman who stood compelled to present her tits outward and
upward. Perfect! Dont you think? Miguel asked Trent. Tits and cunt for
sale that come with an optional cock sucking mouth. Susan grunted from
the strenuous forced posture. She had to wonder just how sadistic these people
were to come up with such a device. The slightest movement was instantly
transmitted to the wood cock lodged deep up her ass and with her head held
upward she didnt see when the boys approached her defenseless body with a pair
of bells that they now clipped on each nipple. What Sue could not know was some
of the weight of those bells was because of a small battery operated receiver
and electrical shockers. 

&nbsp;

Listen up slut. Trent
said standing near Sue. The boys are going to take you to all the bars and
ranches in the area to advertise my offering but you may not like how they do
business down here. Everyone and anyone have the right to check out the
merchandise so you better behave. He paused before telling her she would be
walking into each of the places by remote control. So pay attention to this demonstration
or I assure you, you will pay more than you could imagine.

&nbsp;

Sue felt a long zap to her left nipple. When her high pitch
yelp ended, Trent
told her that meant turn left. He signaled one of the boys holding the
controller to repeat the shock to her left nipple. Susan shrieked but also
turned to her left. A repeated zapping occurred to her right nipple. She
immediately responded by turning right. Very good slut.
Who says you cant teach and old cunt new tricks?

&nbsp;

Susan felt someones hands between her legs and soon
discovered her worse fear as similar clips, bells and devices were attached to
each of her cunt lips. A series of short and long shocks there indicated for
her to kneel, stand, spread her legs, bend as far forward as her arched back
would allow and several more compulsory movements and act. Susan began to worry
because by the time their hasty but painful obedience instructional session was
over she would be expected to respond to any of the 14 different movements or
actions. Under this much duress, Susan already had forgotten some of the
commands. She desperately wanted to ask for a chance to hear the list again but
without the shocks but she was just a slut slave to be played with which meant
either way shed feel the pain that turned these men on.

&nbsp;

One of the boys said something to the other just moments
before Susan felt the shock to both of her pussy lips. She knew this meant for
her to move forward. As she staggered forward she felt the big cock up her ass
shift moving within her with each step. The bells hanging from her tits and
cunt also sounded out their playful tinkling but the simple act of walking was
anything but playful to the stringently bound blond. A shock to her left tit
and Sue turned left only to feel a shock to her right tit. The result was
moving in the exact direction she was originally moving only her jerking and
agonizing cry was music to the two boys playing with their helpless toy. 

&nbsp;

How about a nice cold cerveza, Senor Trent?
Susan heard Miguel say. We can catch up with Roberto and Juan later. As much
pain and wrong that Trent
had done to her and her family, Sue did not want to be away from him under
these circumstances. This had to be sadisticville she thought as the boys
laughed and chatted about how delightful it was to watch the blond gringo jerk
and flinch each time they pressed the controllers buttons needlessly for fun.

&nbsp;

Fort
 Susan, the walk to the
first bar seemed like a mile. Her back was on fire from being so excruciatingly
arched backwards. Her tits were inflamed and bloated while the constant tugging
of the swinging bells and weight of the zapper was driving her wild with pain
and stimulation. With her mouth held open by the ring gag she could not prevent
the drool that ran down the sides of her cheeks.

&nbsp;

A roar went up as she was driven into the first bar room.
Susan couldnt understand anything that was being said but she knew all the
comments were about her.

&nbsp;

Participio pasado knelt. Someone said just before she felt
the three shocks that directed her to kneel. Susan carefully lowered herself to
her knees, trying desperately not to fall forward. Once she was kneeling she
could see a heavy set Mexican man with gray hair and an evil grin. He asked the
boys some questions. Susan heard Trents
name and the words sustantiva esclava several times. It soon became obvious to
her this meant slave.

&nbsp;

So your ass is for sale slut? he said looking down at her.

&nbsp;

As hard as it was to accept this fact Susan attempted to nod
yes.

&nbsp;

You look hot. Does the sustantiva esclava want some
cerveza? he laughed. Susan knew he was asking her if she wanted beer but didnt
know if she should respond. The man moved over her face and whipped out his
cock. You can drink the cerveza that Diego drink first. With that a stream of
yellow piss hit her face and eventually was aimed into her open mouth. Susan
tried to swallow as much of the pungent urine as she could. The place went up
in a roar of laughter as the blond American seemed to greedily gulp down the
bar owners piss.

&nbsp;

When his flow stopped she heard him say something to the
boys. Susan felt three zaps to both her nipples and three to her cunt. She
couldnt remember what this meant so she received the same electrical commands
several times before someone shouted for her to get up and dance.

&nbsp;

Susan frantically struggled to stand and began swaying her
hips which made the four bells jingle to the delight of the patrons. She was
forced to continue her lewd dance while some music was turned on. Every so
often someone would approach her and grab her tit or cunt or ass or anywhere
they wanted while moving with her bowed body. Her tits already were tender from
the tight leather straps but the distended orbs seem to be a favorite that the
men grabbed and squeezed while she screamed in agony from their rough abuse. Often
while they grabbed and twisted her deep purplish melons shed shrink back from
the terrible pain. This only earned her long shocks to her nipples until she
had to will herself into offering herself to the man abusing her.

&nbsp;

Again Sue felt the three zaps that directed her to the
ground. This time she simply dropped to her knees. The man over her shoved his
cock though the ring gag and down her throat. They seemed amazed that she could
take his full length. Susan tried to use her tongue on the cock as he fucked
her face. Since her entire upper body was one with the curved frame, all the
man had to do was grab the top of the wooden arch so he could jerk her head and
body to the rhythm he desired. 

&nbsp;

One by one, men shot their cum down
her throat and played with or simply abused her tits, ass and cunt. Several
times she was brought to a climax and had to stand lewdly, legs spread before
everyone as her body shook in a forced orgasm. She didnt know what was worse,
them treating her as nothing but a cum depository and
sex toy or the fact her body responded to all this mistreatment with so many climaxes.


&nbsp;

By the time someone helped her drink some water and splashed
her face to clean her up a little, she was dripping with perspiration and
panting so hard the bells tinkled from her panting breath. Susan felt the stinging
of the zappers. She was guided once again out into the dirty town street. She
would soon encounter the same treatment over and over again as she made the
rounds of all the bars and slave ranches so Trent Williams sustantiva esclava
could be seen, used and abused by those who might have an interest in owning
the slut or represented those who had the money to buy her.

&nbsp;

Miguel and Trent came upon her around 4 that afternoon. Her
tied tits were extremely dark. The lack of blood and the many men who mashed,
slapped or mauled her tits had taken their toll. Trent ordered the boys to untie her tits but
leave the nipples clamps and zappers in place. Ive decided youll be staying
and meet with several representatives coming in tonight. Miguel do they still
have the display stand in the town square?

&nbsp;

Si senor. I will see if I can
reserve it. A lot of the guests now days, who come to
play out their fantasies, request its use. Nothing like a submissive wife who
thought she was coming down for a light whipping session to discover her
husband condemned her to a night of open unlimited fucking and abuse by anyone
who wants to use her.

&nbsp;

Id appreciate if you could get it for this slut. I want
her to be seen by as many potential buyers as possible but I will have to get
back and tend to feeding a couple animals Im watching over.

&nbsp;

What limits do you want enforced ?

&nbsp;

Trent
looked honestly surprised at Miguels question. None, shes a fucken cunt
slave for sale. Why would I want to limit anyones favorite activities? It might
hinder the price.

&nbsp;

Jes, I know but lately groups have been coming here, paying
the hundred dollar visitors fees just to have a chance to beat a woman.
Depending on how many they are and how much they have had to drink they have
torn up a few slaves on the stand.

&nbsp;

Susan was visibly shaken hearing all of this. She couldnt
imagine being left in this place in others hands with unlimited possibilities
of abuse.

&nbsp;

Trent
thought for a minute. Ok Miguel, Ill leave it up to Roberto and Juan. Ill
pay you a hundred dollar each to be in charge of tonights activities. You can
switch off with each other to get some rest. Use your judgment guys. I need to have
this sluts assets seen by the buyer but dont want to sell her in pieces,
understand? They laughed at his joke. Oh and buy a few dozen boxes of
condoms. I cant sell a diseased cunt so insist on their use but the slut is to
suck all condoms clean, understand? They readily agreed. Juan and Roberto had
been assigned to sale stage duty several times before and jumped at the
opportunity because they knew there was a good chance of earning extra money by
allowing drunk men go a little further than usually allowed. The more severe
the request the more dollars they could pocket. The suffering slaves had no idea
how far any limits were agreed upon and if they did they were too scared to
ever complain under such conditions. One time the boys doubled what the seller
paid them to watch over his sale and all they had to do was take a break for an
hour while some Germen visitors had their way with cute Brazilian slave. When
the boys returned she had passed out. It took them a little time to revive her
and give her a little pick-me-up and she was as good as new. Well almost but
what the hell she was a slave and shed probably experience a bull whipping
sooner or later. 

&nbsp;

Juan and Roberto were ecstatic about the possible extra
earning this pretty blond could generate. Much of the times, the slaves being
sold were fat nasty bitches who would never get fucked if they werent a slave
to be abused first hand. Then there were the flat chested homely sluts, that might have some potential but needed a lot of
work. This one, Juan thought had a fantastic shape, a pretty face and tits you
just wanted to flog. He .was sure Roberto and himself would get a few under the
table offers by a few men to do more than just fuck this American slut and the
fact that Senor Trent would be back in the states to attend to something, they
figured they would have a little extra time to clean the slut up and cover up
some of her extra frivolities.

&nbsp;

Ok, better take those cords off her tits for now. If I know
you two, shell have plenty of time with them thrust up tightly tonight.

&nbsp;

A loud groan escaped Sues open mouth as the leather straps
were peeled from around her swollen breasts. The pain of rushing blood back
into her fun bags was so great that Susan dropped to her knees and gasped for
breath. Whats the matter slut, dont you want the
nooses off your tits? Susan couldnt respond. All she could do was moan and
try to take in small gulps of air. You will be happy to know a few of the Japanese
gentlemen you met at the Hang Her High Ranch earlier have shown some interest
in you. Do you remember them slut?

&nbsp;

Susan nodded yes. Indeed she did remember them
. They abused her tits a lot from slapping, to taking off a belt and
beating them, and even punching them as if they were punching bags. Susan could
not believe such placid looking men could be so cruel. What little English they
spoke they referred to the fat tit American. One of them wanted to hang her by
her tits but the boys told them that was going too far
with the allowable liberties of Senor Trents sustantiva esclava. So far slut,
they are the only ones who have shown real interest in an old cunt like you.

&nbsp;

Susan mind was going a mile a minute. All the abuse and
pain she had suffered and only three Japanese sadists were interested. And this
whole business about a 30 year old being old. Sue knew
she had a fantastic body. It was hard to believe she was considered old for a
slave. She found herself almost upset with the fact she didnt appeal to more
of the men.

&nbsp;

Trent
spoke with Miguel some more while Roberto and Juan lashed Susan to an X-Frame
in one of the more popular bars in town. The nipple/cunt lip zapper controller
was placed on a table before her and a For Sale sign with Trents code hung above her spread eagled
form. Over the next 2 hours, which was considered her rest period dozens of
men and women who came into the bar, came up to the displayed offering. Her
tits and cunt got shocked repeatedly. It was great sport to watch a slut
shudder, jerk and arch in pain while holding down a shocker button for an
unreasonably long period of time. All the unintelligible pleading thought the
ring gag did nothing to influence any of the bar customers from take pleasure
in the torture of the displayed slave. One particularly callous dyke removed
one of the cunt lips clips and clamped it directly on her clit. This alone made
the slave howl in pain. She then clipped the slaves cunt lips together with
the remaining clip then pressed the controller so all four zappers shot their maximum
power at once. Susan body rattled the X frame so much it got everyones
attention in the bar. The dominant dyke roared with laugher and began to finger
her own cunt as she came watching the blond slave body tremored and convulsed
as the charge shot into her most sensitive of region. Roberto said something to
the woman when he became afraid Susan would blackout
but instead of showing the slave any sympathy, the dyke slapped Susan across
the face threatening to double her torture if she dared to pass out. Only when
this woman enjoyed a hard climax did she finally release the triggers. Susan
could not catch her breath. Her eyes were closed and yet they heard her
whisper, Please make me cum. The dyke grin and
handed the controller to Juan and only removed the clip holding her cunt lips
together. She took a vibrator out of her purse, turned it on and worked it into
Susans flooding cunt. On her signal, Juan triggered the remaining three
zappers. Sue fucked the vibrator while her tits and clit received the painful
bolts of electricity. Susan could hear the bar patrons cheering her on as she
bucked wildly and repeatedly climaxed.

&nbsp;

Later as she weakly hung on the X frame. Susan wondered what
was the matter with herself. Was she as sick as those
who abused her? Here she begged some dyke for a climax. As painful as it was,
Susan couldnt understand how or why her climaxes seem to intensify as the pain
increased. Was she really a pain slut? Was it because of her suppressed need
that her husband, niece and herself all put into the
situation they were?

&nbsp;

Sues time on the frame was far from over. Other women
repeated as cruel of torments as they could think of. Some were upset at their
husbands or boy friends lust for the naked blond. Others simply had always
wanted to get back at a woman with such a sexy body. All were fascinated with
this golden opportunity to deliver payback to the girl they remember in high
school who got all the guys, or the cheerleader who had it easy in class or the
woman who stole a boy friend. Their vengeance may have been intended for
another but it was Susan Banks, slut slave for sale that had to endure the pain.

&nbsp;

This would be her fate until she was finally released, given
some substance, truly rested and prepared for her upcoming long nights
presentation. Susan Banks was beginning to distinguish the transformation from
captive to an actual white slut slave for sale. She was beginning to worry a
bit more about her own situation over her husbands or nieces. As a slave she
had little options but to serve and/ or endure however everyone seemed to enjoy
conveying as much pain to her as possible. This wasnt the idea of slavery she
had thought might transpire.

&nbsp;

**** TO BE CONTINUED *****














Susan Banks          (Summerville)



 
  .
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  64
  2007-06-28T13:24:00Z
  2007-06-28T13:24:00Z
  11
  4858
  27696
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  230
  64
  32490
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






&nbsp;

CHAPTER 33

( HUNG OUT FOR SALE )

&nbsp;

After a few hours of rest, Roberto and Juan came for Senor
Trent slut slave. Her wrists were tied behind her back before they started on
their favorite binding. Once more they both used their combined strength to
wrap each encircling loop of rope around the base of her
tits until each were taut bobbing melons. Susans pleas of them not to tie them
so tightly were ignored or perhaps not understood. Either way it didnt matter
and she would soon realize she was a thing for sale not a suffering human
being. By the time they completed their task she was sure her bound tits were even
tighter than they were this afternoon. The veins of her blood restricted
inflamed tits looked as though they would burst. It was only after capturing
her tits in their ropes that they then tied her elbows together until they
touched. This forced her to propel her chest forward which was the exact posture
they were looking for. Susan hoped the two didnt notice that her cunt lips
were already swelling and were quickly becoming damp. It upset her that in
spite of the anguish her tit binding were causing her, it excited her at the
same time. She was completely aware of the fact her bound tits were being
presented so vulnerable and invitingly to anyone who would come upon her and it
was this intense sense of helplessness that also was arousing. 

&nbsp;

The boys buckled Sues high heels back on her feet and lastly
locked a chain leash around her neck and lead her out of the back room, out the
door and into the towns night air. Although it was far from cool her new and improved nipples
stiffen and swelled even more showing her arousal. As they walked she saw many
men looking out of the many bars at her nakedness. They paraded her right down
the middle of the dirty road heading toward the small park like setting with a
kind of raised platform in the middle. 

&nbsp;

None of her past experiences either with her husband or even
with Larry Parker compared with this. She knew she was the center of attention,
lust and kinky pleasure of a whole tome full of men and women. It seemed to her
everyone saw her as nothing but a slave. A slut slave at
that. Would this be how she would feel for the rest of her life? The
S&amp;M games were over. They were over weeks ago but mentally she fought the
feeling of such a dramatic change in her life. Reality was taking over.

&nbsp;

The platform or stage
had directional lights focused on it. When they got closer Sue noticed a
chalkboard sign at the bottom of the stage. The chalked
lettering read, WHITE SLUT SLAVE FOR SALE. WRITTEN BIDS WILL BE SENT TO
SLAVER NUMBER 4404. SELLER IS ALLOWING COMPLETE TRAIL USAGE FROM 10PM UNTIL
DAWN. CONDOMS REQUIRED. LIMITS WILL BE DETERMINED BY SELLERS ON SITE AGENTS.
The entire notice was repeated in Spanish and Japanese. Susan felt her legs
going weak as they approached the steps.

&nbsp;

Just when she was about to step up on the first step, Juan
told her in very broken English for her to lie down on the grass. Sue lowered
herself and carefully lied on her bound arms then they forced her all the way
down. Roberto kicked her legs apart. Sue had wondered if the two boys were just
into doling out pain or if they found her sexy too. Roberto untied his rope
belt and pulled his pants down to his knees. Susan had no idea what he told her
but his grin implied it was something lewd. It was then Susan saw that Juan had
several large boxes that he took a condom from and handed one to his friend. 

&nbsp;

After being paraded naked and bound down the middle of the
town, Susan was so horny he easily slid into her. The boy was obviously no
virgin. He slowly shoved his full length into her and just as slowly pulled
back until the head of his cock barely remained within her. Susan could not
hold back her moan which delighted the boy. After repeated slow thrusts, he
began to pick up his pace. Susan elevated her hips to meet him. Once again
Susan Banks was lost in pure ecstasy. Even though she had many climaxes during
her presentation at many of the bars, this was pure pleasure until Roberto was
about to cum. In his heated excitement he grabbed hold of Susan mercilessly
bound tits and began squeezing them and pulling on them for leverage. Susan
screamed in pain. Screams of pain from a slave which in this town
seem to be the norm rather than of any concern. Susan couldnt believe
such a place existed so close to their home. 

&nbsp;

The anguish she was enduring did not stop her impending
orgasm and even seem to entice the boys. He pounded her harder and harder as
his cock streamed into the condom and his hands clawed into the firm tied tits.
Her breasts were on fire when he finally rolled off her only to be replaced by
the other boy, Juan. 

&nbsp;

Susan was surprised the smaller boy seemed to possess a
mans size cock. Unlike Robertos slim rod, the smaller of the two boys, Juans
dick was solid and long. He was also the more aggressive to the two. He kept
his dick in her dripping fucked hole and began slapping Susans already
purplish breasts. Fuck, fuck. He shouted in English. Susan twisted on her
bound arms uselessly trying to protect her tits from his assault. He slapped
them even harder and kept saying fuck, fuck. Susan began to shove her hips up
and down. It didnt stop him from using her tits as a target but he did ease up
on his slaps. It was all so painful for Susan but she tried to focus on making
him cum. Suddenly she felt Robertos
hand holding her head still. She glanced up and saw he was holding his cum
filled condom over her open mouth. He dripped his spent cum into her mouth and
then turned the condom inside out and wiped the remains over her face while his
friend started to cum.

&nbsp;

Susan felt nothing more than a sex toy for the boys. She
knew they could do what they wanted with her. She knew they saw her simply as a
sex pain slave and not a woman. Not as significant as the lowliest whore in
this town. And in spite of being seen and treated with such degradation, she
knew she had to accept it all and more to protect her husband and niece. She
had to make her master happy.

&nbsp;

When Juan took his loaded condom off he made Susan use her
tongue to eagerly lick out his sperm. The boys playfully worked the used condom
over her tongue as if it were a cock. Susan simply tried to understand what
they wanted of her and tried her best to obey.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Finally she was helped to her feet and walked up the
platform where her chain leash was locked to a ring. One of them brought out
several whips and placed them on the floor next to one of the boxes of condoms.
She could see down the street where men with bottles in their hands looked her
way. Sue realized locking her to the stage was some sort of signal the fuck
fest had begun.

&nbsp;

Roberto said something to Juan who gave Susans ass one hard
swat and he left. Roberto settled himself off to the side as the first group of
men started up the steps to view, grope, fuck and or
abuse the piece of meat offered for sale.

&nbsp;

The reason the town and authorities were willing to allow
such events was the money it generated. Not only the bars and sex ranches made
money because of slave trafficking but so did the town. Any visitor paid an entrance
fee to the town. It was based on an hourly rate. The card carrying slavers and
buys were exempt, however, they did pay a small sales
tax on any sale of flesh. A small percentage with such a high priced sales meant
good money. It was enough money to bribe other officials of the region to turn their
collective heads. It was a fantastic arrangement for everyone. Well, not
exactly everyone as Susan was about to discover first hand.

&nbsp;

For the four American sailors stepping up on the platform
the exorbitant hourly fee was a once in a life time opportunity and they
werent going to be short changed by any guilt or concern for who this blond
slut slave was or how she came to be here. For these four guys few places like
this in the world, like Malaysia, a place in the Philippines and one other in
the Middle East, did they offer a go at a slut slave with a minimum of
limitations. The fact this slut slave was a white bitch from the states made it
all the more exhilarating for the four black southern sailors. The guy who
brought the others here told them tonight they could turn the tables on all
those rich fucken bitches from back home who only saw
them as poor black boys from the wrong side of the tracks. It didnt matter in
the least that this particular woman was not one of them. 

&nbsp;

The obviously group leader was first to pick up a whip and
demanded the slave to turn and present her tits and cunt for a few blows. He
said,  How do you mutha fucken white bread cunt like
this? as he laid a hard vindictive blow with the multi straps whip across both
jutting tits. Susan screamed and seemed to scream for a full half hour as they took
turns whipping, slapping and fucking her before another gathered group who were
waiting were allowed to take their place.

&nbsp;

One after another, men fucked her, playfully or not so
playfully abused her but all treated her as nothing but a slave.

&nbsp;

After four hours, Roberto turned off the lights. This was
another signal that the slave needed a break. Susans ass, thighs and front
were a mass of red whip and belt marks. Her tits were bruised and so sore the
lightest touch caused pain. The scary thought for Susan was as brutal as the
men were to her, she had suffered worse when Trent used the bullet ants
with her. She knew if he ever followed up with his threat to use the ants and
whip she knew she would die.

&nbsp;

Roberto began peeling the ropes from her tits. Once more the
pain of rushing blood back into her sore breasts was immense. He next untied
her arms and wrists. She was extremely grateful to be able to move her arms
freely. Susan was surprised when Roberto spoke to her. Drink.
He commanded handing her a bottle. It tasted like some sort of fruit drink but
thicker. It was an energy drink. It was not only to help the slave who was so
spent but to revive her for her next session. He also handed her a tube of
cream and indicated for her to rub it on her bruises. Sue instantly recognized
the smell as aloe vera. The cool soothing cream worked wonders quickly. Again the
boy surprised her by handing her a wet towel which she used to clean the dirt
which stuck to her damp body but also to clean off the layers of cum which had
been aimed everywhere. 

&nbsp;

Down slut. Roberto pointed to the
wooden floor. Susan obediently got down and began to turn on her back. No he
shouted and used his foot to kick her back so she was on all fours. He knelt
down and locks her wrists into some sort of cuffs that were embedded into the
floor. Just then Juan showed up. Roberto told him something and soon they both
worked at securing Susan legs. They used curved brackets. A set went over her ankles
and were screwed down into the wooden floor and another set around her leg just
below her knees. When they were done she was held literally attached to the
floor on all fours with her legs spread wide open with her hands uselessly
locked to the rings in front of her.

&nbsp;

Next they braided a rope into her hair but let the lead just
hang loosely to her side. Sue knelt knowing whatever was to come would probably
not be good. At least this wasnt too painful and already her tits were
changing back from a dark purple to a bright reddish pink but with dark rope
marks at their base. With out a warning Sue felt the cold metal tip of
something at her asshole. When she looked back she saw Juan working a huge
metal hook like instrument into her ass. She tried to relax her muscles in order
to take the thing easier. Either way he was going to shove it into her asshole.
She let out a groan as she felt it slide up inside her. It was much thinner
than the plug she had been forced to endure earlier but what she didnt know
was its purpose.

&nbsp;

Roberto grabbed a handful of Susans hair to hold her head
up and Juan took the loose end of the rope which was braided in her hair and tied
to the hook now impaling her ass. He began tightening it forcing her head back
further and further but whatever Roberto told him she felt him releasing the
pressure. When it was tied off, Susan would not be able to look down or let her
head drop however it wasnt a painful position. 

&nbsp;

The boys talked before the lights came back on the stage and
its For Sale slave. My leisurely rest period must be over. Susan
sarcastically thought to herself as she awaited what
she would have to endure next.

&nbsp;

Juan bid Roberto farewell. He and the slave, now secured to
the stage, watched him go off into the darkness of the night. Susan figured it
had to be near 2 or 3 am and the bars were still active. Loud voices speaking
in English, Spanish and other languages could be heard as well as the occasional
scream of some poor slave girl or woman who voluntarily placed herself into a
slave position for the night or week. Susan knew if things were different, a
lot different, she too might have wanted to try and play the volunteer slut
slaves for a night or even a weekend. Instead she was a real slave without
choice and someday soon would be sold as human slave stock.

&nbsp;

As soon as Roberto was out of sight, Juan knelt down, untied
the brain ropes knot and pulled on the lead that forced Susans head to be drawn
further backwards. The boy did not stop pulling until she was nearly facing up
at the sky. He quickly retied the lead to her ass hook and Susan found she
could do nothing but remain in the excruciating pose. Juan got up and pulled
his shorts down before straddling Susans face. Sue knew why Trent authorized the boys to care for her. It
was more humiliating to have just boys control her every pose or movement. It
showed her how little was needed to control a slave. Susan obediently opened
her mouth when he pulled his cock out. Instead of giving her his cock he moved
so his balls were at her lips. Susan began to lick them and take them into her
mouth. She was sure the boy hadnt washed since fucking her earlier. Still she
knew she better do a good job. Juan laughed at her. Hed raise
up making it more difficult for the slave to lick his balls while knowing she
better not fail. 

&nbsp;

When the sound of approaching men was heard, Juan stepped
away from the slave. After all these were paying customers.

&nbsp;

Apparently, there were somewhat known time periods for
various usages for the slave on stage. The two men who came up the steps were
clearly drunk as they stepped toward Susan. Each man pulled out their cocks and
together they let go of a stream of piss towards her open mouth. As drunk as
they were they pissed all over her face, back and tits before they were done. One
of the men picked up one of the leather straps and attempted to lay a few good
swats to her ass. Although they hit her, their drunken efforts were feeble at
best.

&nbsp;

Once more group after group of bar hopping men used her as
if she was the only urinal in the town. Several of the least drunks also fuck
her doggie style and afterwards used her body to wipe off any piss on their pants
that they might have knelt in while fucking her.

&nbsp;

The longer time went. the more not
only Susans face and front got soaked but her whole body was covered in piss
and cum.

&nbsp;

At around 4:30 am there hadnt been anyone coming to the
stage for awhile. Juan released the slave and pointed to a water spout behind
the platform. He mimed his instructions for her to clean up while handing her
the same towel Roberto gave her earlier.

&nbsp;

If Susan hadnt experienced this boys sadistic side she
might have felt sorry for him when she returned to the stage seeing him rubbing
his sleepy eyes and yawning like any other young boy.

&nbsp;

When he saw her, he pointed to a bucket of water and to the
large puddle of urine on the stage. Susan knew she was to clean it up and got
on her hands and knees again to scrub it clean.

&nbsp;

Juan lay back against one of the support poles and watched
her tits swaying as she worked. He thought about retying her hair with the hook
just to make it more fun but he didnt want to have to get up again. 

&nbsp;

It was then they heard voice coming their way. Susan figured
they were speaking either Chinese or Japanese. As they came into the light she
dared to look up and saw five Japanese men casually dressed and obviously they
had been drinking too. Sue prepared herself for taking on more piss or sucking
more cocks. After all it wasnt dawn yet and she was a demonstration sex slave
model. A sixth man came into the light. He was either American or European. He
spoke Japanese and was obviously their translator. What Sue could not know was
he was also an unscrupulous slave broker. He was a middle man who made his
money in the slave market not by acquiring slaves like Trent but by any means possible. Tonight he
was approached by this group of Japanese researchers, who share a particular
fetish for womens tits. Over the years the creepy five, as they were known at
their firm, had developed several formulas to use on the female body. Since
getting volunteers for their experiments was impossible, they had, in the past,
drugged hookers, abduct strippers and manipulated
unsuspecting street girls in various countries. Tonight they paid Roger $2000
to give them an unrestricted hour with the blond American slave on the butcher
board. All Roger had to do was to pay Juan $50 bucks to give them access to the
cunt and keep the boy occupied for the hour.

&nbsp;

Susan watched as this man spoke with Juan about her. The Japanese
men had gather around her and were already pawing at her tits, laughing and
talking about her. Sue could not help like feeling like some kind of show animal.
They seem to be checking her out, not so much in any desirable way, but rather
like farm stock. This was much different than a few other men came who came during her long night to examine her with a more
business like attitude. They checked out her tits, cunt and ass as well as
taking measurements and even pictures of her. Oh how her life had changed over
the past few months and even more so over the past weeks. Susan realized her
looks and body which always seem to be an asset were now in her new status simply
produce, selling points, capital goods to be sold in this open market. 

&nbsp;

The oriental group laughed when they got a loud moan from
the blond when one of them worked his whole hand up into her sopping cunt. As
he fist fucked her, one of them kept looking and feeling her nipples. He was
somewhat examining them not in a sexual way but matter-of-factly. Still with
all the attention, Susan could not hold back her bodys spontaneous reaction to
all the sensations she was feeling. Even without knowing a word of their
language, Susan knew they were amused with her uncontrollably squirming and
moaning. Within a very short time they had the slut at such a high arousal
point that she never noticed Roger handing Juan some money and leading the boy
away from the group on the stage. The plan was to make the young slaves
custodian feel as if the Japanese group would use, fuck, whip and generally
molest the slave as expected of most any one who came to enjoy the slut.
However once out of sight Susan quickly realized these men werent as drunk as
they pretended to be nor were they solely interested
in her as a common fuck toy.

&nbsp;

Two of the men quickly released her of her restrains only to
retie her arms and wrists once more tightly behind her back. They pushed her
directly under one of the lights then unzipped a large duffle bag. One of them
took out a box and removed a pair of small rings. He shouted some orders and
they bound her tits. Susan thought it was amazing even though they pulled the
ropes tight, these men didnt bind her tits nearly a tight as the two boys had
done. Once more the man holding the rings gave some orders and two of the men
each began sucking on a nipple. Susans mouth open and closed as they really
worked her nipples with their tongues and teeth. This isnt so bad. she
thought to herself but all too soon they stopped and when she open her eyes she
notice the man with the rings also had a pair of long nose pliers. Both of the
nipple sucking men positioned the small rings at the tip of her nipples and started
to work the rings onto her now erect buds. As she watched with understandable
interest she noticed each of the rings being places onto her nipples had
another ring attached at the bottom of it. The guy working on her left nipple
stood and turned toward the man with the pliers and said something. He nodded
and approached her and raised the open pliers to her now ringed nipple. Susans
reaction was to back away however there were the other two men behind her to keep
her still. As he closed the pliers and grabbed her tender nipple she started to
cry out. A hand went over her mouth.

&nbsp;

Susans frenetic struggles were useless in the grasp of all
the men. Her nipples was pulled to their very limit through the ring and held
there. The scared slave really began to buck when they brought a hypodermic
needle up and jabbed it into the base of her nipple that was being pulled
through the ring. He slowly injected a small amount of the contents. Susan
instantly felt a slight burning sensation along with a very uncomfortable
feeling in her nipple. She looked down and saw that her nipple swelled up and
outside of the ring. The same procedure was repeated on the right nipple. The
man with the needle backs away and kept looking from one nipple to the other.
He was definitely comparing them. He looked at the men holding Susan and
commanded them to tie her to one of the light poles. They wound rope around her
and the pole from her waist to just above her tits and even around her neck. She
was rigidly attached to the pole with her feet a few inches off the floor. Sue
studied what they had done to her nipples. They were firm and puffy. The solid
rings at their base were much smaller than her newly bloated nipples. She
wondered how they would get them off her like this. If she only knew what was to come next she
would have tried to call out for her sadistic guardians to come help her.

&nbsp;

With the slave securely tied to the pole, the man with the
syringe came up to her once more only this time he positioned the needle
directly at the tip of her nipple. Susan screamed as it was punctured. Once
more her eyes were riveted on the syringe as he pumped more of the augmenter
into her nipple. In seconds her trapped nipple swelled even more to nearly four times their normal size. She knew all she
could do was watch as he repeated the procedure until both her nipples were the
size of a moth ball. All Sue could do was shake her
head no. 

&nbsp;

The man fingered her now bloated nipple. Susan actually
climaxed from her now super sensitive nipples. Again the men laughed at her
reaction as each of the men took turns rubbing, pinching and pulling on her
packed buds. Only they knew this formula not only was an enlarger but highly sensitized
the nipples.

&nbsp;

Two of the men began arguing about something just before all
of them joined in on the discussion. The captive slave knew it was something
more to do with her but all she could do is stare at her freakishly bloated
nipples.

&nbsp;

What the men were arguing about was whether or not to use
the small amount of artificial growth augmenting supplement that was left over.
It wasnt unanimous but the man with the hypodermic plunged the needle into
Susans tit he injected half of the remaining amount into each tit. All Susan
could think of was how grateful there wasnt a large amount left over but just
like her nipples, she felt her tits tighten. Although the small amount of the
amplifier did enlarge her breast slightly, the main effect was her breast would
remain tight and rounder than ever. Her nipples would remain distended and
bloated and the thick small rings at their base could never be pulled off
because of the new size of her nipples. Since the rings were thick and made of titanium
cutting them off would be very difficult and very dangerous. Each of the
researchers were pleased with the results of their formula on the blond slut
but not all of them felt they should have used up all of the
batch on this slut slave. The argument was the fact they had never used so much
on one slut. They had no data on just how sensitive the sluts nipples would
become nor what the long term effects would be to the
permanently trapped nipples. 

&nbsp;

The man who obviously was the most dominate seem to assure
the others it was ok and it was time to have some fun with the slut. In reality
he told them the slave was nothing more than that, a slut, a cunt for sale and
nothing more.

&nbsp;

Once more they released Susan from her bonds. For the brief
second her hands were free. Susan automatically cupped her tits and felt her
puffy nipples. Their grotesque size was one thing but even the slightest breeze
on them made Susan twitch because of their amplified sensitivity. In seconds
her wrists were once more taken from her and tied behind her back followed by the
joining of her elbows until they touched. They added a ball gag which buckled
behind her head. Thick ropes with long leads were tied over the ones already binding
her tits. Susan was moved off the stage to a place just under a tree behind the
platform. She was forced down into a kneeling position where her ankles were tied crossed over one
another. Another rope went around her waist where the lead attached to her
crossed bound ankles. This forced her ankles up in a kind of an ankle to waist
hogtie. Two men worked on her body ropes while two others had taken the new
ropes that were tied to her tits and threw them over a heavy limb of the tree
she was under. 

&nbsp;

One of the men raised her up on her knees while the ropes
attached to her tits became taut. Susan now realized what they intended to do
to her. Each of the men with those ropes began pulling. At first her tits just drew
upward but soon her knees scraped across the ground, then
no longer made contact with it. Susan screamed into the gag as she was raised
up solely by her swollen tits. As she slowly inched upward, the panic stricken
woman could not believe one could be hung by her tits. Initially, she tried to
fight everything but she quickly learned remaining completely still was the
only position with the least pain to her tits. They continued to haul her
upward until she was a full four feet off the ground. With her ankles tied and
crossed as they were, it was now impossible to close her legs. With thighs forced
wide open it presented her gaping cunt to these men. 

&nbsp;

It took about a minute before she stopped swaying from the
hoisting ropes. Sue also quickly discovered she could only take small breaths
with both the gag and the tension on her chest. The pain to her tits was
incredible yet they were not done preparing the American blond for the start of
her torture session. 

&nbsp;

The hair braid rope affixed to the asshole hook was once
more employed. Sues head was forced backward and held strait up so she never
saw them approaching her with the five pound weights her nipples earlier had to
endure. The only difference this time was they hung from the metal rings
permanently planted at the base of her newly bloated and highly sensitive
nipples.

&nbsp;

The suffering hanging slave screamed for all she was worth
from this increased torture to her nipples and tits. Her torturers laughed at
her painful agonizing gasps for life . Her tits,
nipples and her bowed body all hurt so tremendously but once more with her head
forced upward Susan could not see what the men pulled out next from the duffle
bag. If she could see she might have lost all hope.

&nbsp;

Each of the five Orientals held a sort of spin off of a
popular paint ball gun. But instead of paint balls the ammo was simply water
filled. After all these men werent interested in playing paint spot but rather
were using these guns because the splattering balls stung like hell on contact.


&nbsp;

Most everyone who has participated in a paint ball battle
knows taking a direct hit by a pain ball stings a lot and often leaves bruising
even with protective clothing. Their
slowly undulating target not only would not have any protection against their
shots but her tits, nipples and wide open cunt hung so invitingly vulnerable
before them.

&nbsp;

Susan hung in her world of pain when she heard a kind of pop
or loud puff sound a split second before feeling an intense smack on her dark
purplish tit. She squeal body jerked as much as was
possible. But suspended as she was, this added a whole new level of additional
pain.

&nbsp;

POP!..... POP! Two more
excruciating splats hit just below her other tit and the other right above her
spread open cunt. Despite her hair being tied and tightly pulled back she frantically
shook her head trying to beg for them to stop.

&nbsp;

POOF! POP! POP POP.

&nbsp;

A tit was hit, just before she caught one squarely to her
extremely sensitive nipple. These Two direct hits struck her precisely into her
open cunt. Although these splattering projectiles would not break the skin,
being hit at such close range not only one bare skin but to such sensitive
areas of her body compelled the reaction which caused her worse pain. The men
enjoyed watching and laughed at the tit hanging slaves wincing dance at the
end of her ropes.

&nbsp;

With each firing away, Susan endured dozen of hits to her
tits, nipples and her vulnerable gaping cunt lips. It was an unbearable torture
which went on for a long time until one of the sadistic men noticed their delicious
target had dropped into unconsciousness. They were prepared for this too by
using an ammonia capsule to revive the blond slave. They wanted to get their
moneys worth with this slave.

&nbsp;

Their target practice continued with her
tits and gaping cunt as their prime mark. There was no way for the slut
to stop, lessen or avoid any of their brutal torture. They probably would have
continued long except for the fact a local patrol car approached the slave
presentation platform. Without Roger available to translate and negotiate a
bribe, the five men decided it was time to pack up and leave. And since the
local cops had no idea if the tit hanging paint ball type guns bruised sluts
condition was something prearranged by her owner or not, the two uniformed
police simply bowed to the five men as they left the stage.

&nbsp;

Susans muffled moans were faint but attached the two
officers attention. Unfortunately for
the hanging slave this was not good attention. What they saw was an inviting
gaping cunt, an American slave bruised everywhere from tit to cunt and the
biggest set of nipples they had ever seen. Susan hung from her tits trying not
to move even a fraction of an inch. At least the blazing pain stopped but she
had no way of knowing why? Suddenly one of the cops kicked at one of the
weights attached to her nipples. It produced another involuntary gasp by the
blond slave as well as the accompanying swaying action. If only they would let
her black out.

&nbsp;

Once more the slave flinched but this time from the feel of
a night stick pushed up between swollen cunt lips. The two cops laughed as they
fucked her with the stick. The fucking action made her swing with its force and
all the while Susan screamed into the ball gag. Their victim was finding
breathing difficult and was sure her tit were about to tear away from her
chest. At this level of pain, even for someone as kinky as Susan Banks, the
night stick fucking did not stimulate her. 

&nbsp;

When they were tired of this fun, they each gave the slave
several blows from the stick on her ass. Although this slut slaves restraints
were extremely brutal they saw nothing abnormal about a slave being punished perhaps
for some disobedience. Nor did they really care why she suffered so. She
probably pissed off her owner for something. They left her hanging alone. These
local cops clearly were there for the protection of some slut slave.

&nbsp;

The moment, the police car left the park, Roberto ran up the
stairs. He called out to Juan who by now was passed out from all the Tequila
Roger encouraged him to drink. Roberto knew whatever happen
here wasnt good. He and Juan were responsible for this slaves well being. Of
course in this place well being was a relevant term but Roberto knew whatever
happen it went way too far.

&nbsp;

As quickly and carefully as he could, Roberto, unclipped the
weights from Susans ringed enlarged nipples and then lowered her to the
platform. Susan finally passed out.

&nbsp;

*** TO BE CONTINUED ***

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Susan Banks          (Summerville)




 
  .
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  273
  2007-07-05T01:04:00Z
  2007-07-05T01:04:00Z
  9
  3728
  21256
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  177
  49
  24935
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






&nbsp;

CHAPTER 34

( NO GOOD DEED GOES UNTORTURED )

&nbsp;

Miguel was awakened very early by a friend who informed him
what had happen to Trent Williams slave the previous night.
He hurried to get dressed and found Roberto bathing the slave in a hot tub with
some oils in hopes of healing some of the bruising and wicked rope marks on the
sluts body.

&nbsp;

What happen? he asked Roberto in Spanish.

&nbsp;

Roberto told him he wasnt sure and explained how he came
upon her hanging alone by her tits. 

&nbsp;

Miguel looked at the black-and-blue all over the Susans
tits and crotch as well as how swollen her cunt lips and nipples were.

&nbsp;

Speak slut. Who do this to you and how they do dis dis
round things? Miguel asked
in his broken English.

&nbsp;

I could not see any of them. My head was tied back and held
up high but they spoke Japanese or something. They injected something into my
nipples that made them grow and t became extremely sensitive. She told him in
a very tired voice.

&nbsp;

Juan not stop them or why?

&nbsp;

Why, after all Susan suffered so much at his hand, did she
feel afraid for the sadistic boy, Juan wasnt even clear to herself but she
said she thought a man who was with the Japanese men might have over powered
Juan.

&nbsp;

Miguel thought for a moment then asked if the mans name was
Roger? Susan nodded and whispered she thought that was his name.

&nbsp;

Miguel knew Roger was in the area and he often represented Japanese
and Chinese buyers. He spoke six different languages but no one spoke of any
Japanese buyers in town. He would have to check with an owner of one of the
slave ranches that often catered to oriental guests and see if they knew
anything. Meanwhile Miguel had to get those rings off this slaves nipples
before Trents
return. No one is allowed to pierce or in anyway alter a slave for sale without
the consent of the seller.

&nbsp;

Miguel once more shouted at Roberto in Spanish and told him
to forget the rope burns and bruises. Even though they were very severe and
deep, the blonde is a slave for sale and use. Rope burns are a way of life for
such cunts but he wanted Roberto to get the slut over to Dr. Munos to remove
those rings and try to reduce the swelling of her nipples. 

&nbsp;

Susan wasnt even given a towel as Roberto helped her out of
the deep tub and simply pushed her toward the door and back out into the streets
of town still dripping wet. Since it was early there were few people other than
the clean up crews and a few town women who saw the naked American being
hurried across the street and down the road to Doctor Munos office.

&nbsp;

Roberto called out when they got to the door. It took the
doctor awhile before he finally opened it. Roberto immediately explained what
Miguel wanted done for the slave.

&nbsp;

It wasnt unusual for Dr. Munos to treat some naked slave,
who was beaten or used too extreme, however it was unusual that the slave was
one of the slaves that was for sale. The rules were clear about the sellers
limits being respected so for Roberto to tell him shed been ringed without the
sellers consent was a serious breach of trust that all the bar and slave ranch
owners would not want to hurt their trust with any seller.

&nbsp;

Whatever feeling of relief Sue might have felt for being
brought to a doctors office was quickly dispelled when he called for his nurse
who was not only naked but in chains. She
appeared to be Filipino. Her nipples were pierced as was her cunt lips and the
chains that connected her wrists to one another, went through the rings in her
pussy. She could move her arms and wrists but each move came with the chain
pulsating thought those rings. She dropped to her knees before the doctor who
gave her some orders before she got up and quickly went into the next room.

&nbsp;

Susan could not help but think of herself someday being like
this slave girl after she was sold. At least she wasnt some kind of sex toy or
pain slut that Trent
had told her about.

&nbsp;

The doctor pointed to a metal table for Susan to get on. The
shock of coldness of the metal table was short lived. They forced her to lie
down then her wrists were buckled into a pair of leather cuffs and tightly
pulled over her head. Next her feet were placed into raised stirrups and similarly
buckled into them. Susan thought back at all the times she felt embarrassed
being in stirrups at her doctors office even though every attempt was taken limit
a womans shame. Here she was naked, and now the stirrups were being spread and
locked wide open while not only the doctor but a boys gaze upon her vulnerable
body.

&nbsp;

The doctor lean over her and examined the small but strong
rings at the base of each nipple. Susan screamed when the doctor pinched one of
her hard round nipples. He seemed surprised at what he thought was an
exaggerated response. He repeated the act and watched as the slave lifted off
the table and cried out. The doctor thought for a second and this time touched
the very tip of her nipple but very softly.

&nbsp;

The slaves stomach sucked in from this mere touch. Clearly
he thought this slaves nipples were exceptionally sensitive or all the
bruising on her tits hurt her like hell.

&nbsp;

Are your nipples always this sensitive slave or are they
just sore? he asked with a Mexican accent but in perfect English.

&nbsp;

Susan tried to explain that her tits and nipples were very
sore after the nights abuse but whatever they injected into her nipples not
only made them instantly swell up but intensified their sensitivity.

&nbsp;

Some one injected something into your nipples? He asked
then turned to Roberto to confirm her statement. Roberto told the doctor that
was what the slut claimed but he wasnt there if it happen.

&nbsp;

The doctor went back to squeezing her nipples. Susan went
back to screaming as he did. The slave nurse was ordered to get a gag and soon
Susans screams of pain were once more muffled. I am trying to feel the
density of whatever was used to enlarge your nipples. He matter-of-factly
informed the squirming, shrieking slave.

&nbsp;

Finally he decided to take an X-ray which disclosed whatever
substance was used, it did not blocked any of the blood flow to the nipples but
the tissues within the nipples had multiplied and was solid. The doctor took a
pair of cutters from the nurse and attempted to cut the ring at the base of the
nipple but the cutter was no match for the material. He attempted with much
pain to Susan to oil her nipples and pull the ring off. Later the doctor tried
several more ideas, all of which failed.

&nbsp;

By this time a very nervous Miguel came into the room. Once
more Susan felt a wave of embarrassment being held wide open in a doctors office full of people. Miguel asked the doctor why
he had not removed the rings. The doctor shook his head and the told him his
finding. Miguel told Roberto to find Juan and get him back to his shop. He then
asked the doctor to try and treat the many bruises if he could.

&nbsp;

When Trent
arrived some three hours later he expected to find his slut slave draining some
cocks or getting her ass fucked but she was not on display in front of Miguels
office and shop. Instead he found a nervous and upset Miguel at his desk. Trent wanted to know
where and what his slave was doing. Miguel started to explain as much as he
knew.

&nbsp;

Meanwhile Roberto found Juan at one his favorite hiding
place. He questioned his friend about what happen the night before. It didnt
take him long to learn of the money and Tequila he was given by Roger.

&nbsp;

Roberto told Juan about finding the slave hanging solely by
her tits and what he heard about them giving her an injection nipple augmentation.
Juan was rubbing his cock as Roberto told him about the bruises and weights the
slave had to endure.

&nbsp;

I cant go back, Miguel would have my hide. He told
Roberto.

&nbsp;

Then Roberto told him how the slut lied to Miguel and told
him Roger over powered him. Juan smiled wondering why the American cunt would
do that since she suffered so much. It doesnt matter but if you dont get
your ass back to Miguel's hell know you had something to do with all this.

You got to do something for me. He told his friend. When
Juan told him what he wanted he was shocked however he understood his reasoning
and agreed.

&nbsp;

-- --

&nbsp;

Dr. Munos finally gave up. He tried just about everything he
could think of to either cut the rings off the slaves nipples or to somehow
pull them off. Actually he was quit impressed too by whatever technology these
men used on the slut. He knew if the method used had no side effects it could
be one hell of a procedure for not only nipple enlargement but breast augmentation
too. Susan was made to get up and her wrists were tied behind her back. As an
after thought he also tied her elbows together to force the American sluts
tits to propel forward. The doctor then ordered his slave nurse to bring all of
the weights he uses for her. Susan who didnt understand any of what was being
said just stood like a good little slave. At least the extra strong aloe vera
cream ointments he had applied to her tits, stomach, thighs and cunt seem to be
helping. Some of the bruising had gone down significantly and appeared to be
fading too. The relief felt good but in some ways it scared Sue to think they
could renovate a womans body so quickly. Down here she knew that would just
mean shed be ready for something more much quicker than a normal recovery.

&nbsp;

-- --

&nbsp;

Trent
was really upset with Miguel when he learned what had happen. He wanted Miguel
to take him to the towns doctor so he could see his merchandise for himself.
The men were just about to leave when Roberto and Juan showed up at the door. One look at the newly acquired bruises that Juans friend had given
him, pretty much confirmed the boy was mugged and beaten while guarding his
slave. Trent
assured him they would get to the bottom of this and there would be hell to
pay.

&nbsp;

The two men and two boys went over to the clinic. Miguel
introduced Trent
to Dr. Munos and his naked nurse kneeling at his feet. Trent asked how his slut was.

&nbsp;

Actually, she is doing fine however it seems it is
impossible to remove the rings from her nipples. He told the American slaver.
Whatever was used to enlarge the nipple has a mass that will not let the
nipple shrink and this prevents any possibility of sliding the base rings over
the now enlarged nipples. However the good new is the nipples receive normal
blood flow so unlike a normal nipple restrained for a long period of time there
is no damage. Trent
looked closer at Susans nipple x-rays. Oh yes, the doctor continued, apparently
the nerve endings are compressed tightly around and at the tip of the nipples
and therefore the nipples are much more sensitive than normal. Overall it is an
amazing improvement for the slave and this method is a vast improvement over
nipple piercings we do for slaves. Trent
wanted to know what he meant by that. Allow me to demonstrate. He said ordering
his nurse to her feet and they all followed them both to the room where he had
left Susan.

&nbsp;

When she saw Trent
she felt a sense of relief which was stupid considering everything he had done
to her and who brought her down here to be abused while being displayed in the
first place. Susan also noticed Juan hanging back. She expected him to look
frighten considering what she went thought. Susan didnt know any of the towns
rules regarding treatment of a slave but she did remember her owners
instructions to the boys not to let any damage happen to his piece of property.

&nbsp;

Since Trent
spoke Spanish, it was much easier for all the important people involve to
understand what he was saying. Of course the American slut slave was of no significance
as they talked about her body.

&nbsp;

The nurse went to a cabinet where the doctor stored his
torture toys for his slave nurse. She took out over a dozen different sizes
lead fishing weights. They ranged from one pound sinkers all the way to what
almost appeared to be a pair cannon balls with rings set in them.

&nbsp;

(Translated into English)

You will notice Mia has pierced nipples but if you will
note they are not simple rings through her nipples but with support bars at
their base. I have a real fetish for breast torture and the icing on the cake
for me is once the breasts are tightly tied a womans nipples spontaneously distend
as if beseeching for their own torture. The doctor turned toward his waiting
dark hair slave. Mia, lock your wrists behind the pole. he ordered. The
obedient slave complied. Once locked the doctor took one of the lead balls
which was about the size of a base ball. He handed it to Trent while he picked up the matching weight.
These are about 4 and a half kilograms or 10 pounds American. He used the clip
and attached the weight to Mias nipple ring. The poor girl let out a moan as
he gradually let the nipple take all its weight. He
then took the other weight from Trent
and hooked it to her other tit. All though the trained slave did not cry out,
Susan knew from experience that the pain the nurse had to be experiencing was
terrible. The tit pulled drastically downward and her pierced nipples looked
like they were stretched to their limits. Notice if you will Mias piercings
are dangerously close to the tearing point. Without warning he took one of the
smallest weights off the table and attached it to her left nipple. A trickle of
blood appeared. If I left the 10 pound weights on her for 15 to 20 minutes
this same effect would occur but to speed things up, I have added another 454
grams or a pound. You can see the piercing can not take that much pulling and
weight. Very upsetting to me. The doctor removed all
the weights. Mia had tears in her eyes however she never pleaded nor cried out.
I have tried various things to strengthen nipple piercings but have had little success.

&nbsp;

Trent
asked what this was all about. 

&nbsp;

If you will allow me to use your slut I will show you.

&nbsp;

Trent
nodded his approval. Susan felt her pussy dampen and twitch in fearful
anticipation.

&nbsp;

Whatever was injected into your slaves nipples to cause
them to swell did no damage to them. Susan had to disagree considering she was
the one with abnormal size nipples.

&nbsp;

They obviously pulled her nipple through the rings at the
base of each nipple before augmenting them. You will note the rings are not
particularly tight which is why blood continues normal flow to the nipples.
However the solution used increased the tissue mass and solidified leaving the
nipple much more sensitive and obvious much larger. If you will lock your
slaves wrists behind the pole I want to demonstrate something. Trent pointed to the pole.
Susan now petrified by what happen to the nurse still obeyed. Her wrists were
locked behind it by the nurse.

&nbsp;

The doctor took the same 10 pound weights and clipped them
onto the rings attached to those trapping her nipples. Sue was, for some
reason, upset with her self because she could not remain silent as the nurse
slave was when the second weight was applied. Just like Mia, Susans tit and
nipples were drawn downward. The doctor attached two more weights,
he told Trent
they were five pounds each. Tears were flowing from Susans blue eyes. She
shook her head when she saw the doctor holding another of the 10 pound weights.
He ignored her as he added this additional pair. This is a total of 25 pounds
without any problem. He then surprised everyone but placing his hand under the
left tits three weights and lifting them upward about 6 inches and letting go.
Everyone in the room flinched as they each imagined how much that had to hurt.
Susan screamed and began to cry. This is the ideal solution to nipple torture.
Who knows how much weight the sluts nipples can support before the skin would
tear.

&nbsp;

Trent
laughed and looked at his slave. Shall we see slut? Susans mouth was open as
she gasped for air but could not speak. She shook her head no and silently
pleaded.

&nbsp;

This is all very nice. Trent said but how do we get those rings off
her? he asked the doctor.

&nbsp;

Im afraid I dont have that answer. I think that is a
harden titanium ring. A cutter head small enough to get in between her chest
and the bloated nipples would be too small to be able to cut through it. Torching
is of course out unless you want to permanently burn her. The only way I can
see would be to cut her nipples off or live with them. The doctor turned and
slapped both groups of weights causing them to swing. Once more Susan screamed
in pain. I understand this slave is for sale. May I ask your asking price? 

&nbsp;

Trent
told him he brought her here to find out what kind of interest a 30 year old
slut slave could generate. His price would be set once he determines this. 

&nbsp;

 Well slut, it looks like you will
have permanent bloated nipples that are ringed. How did you get yourself into
this?

&nbsp;

Tears freely flowed when she learn of her situation. Finally
she replied. The men came on the stage. I was tied and could not stop them. No
one was around to help me.
She sobbed. They injected my nipples first and used the remainder into my
breasts. Everyone seem surprised at this other than
Trent who had possessed the slave now for weeks. 

&nbsp;

I thought your tits seemed to be riding higher and looked a
little firmer. Actually they are like a young girls tits now. Susan lowered
her head in shame. What I dont understand slut is why you taunted them until
they got pissed off at you? Susan looked as if she had no idea what her owner
was talking about, mainly because she didnt. Juan told me you pissed them off
enough that they began beating you to the point he tried to step in and stop
them but you kept telling them to keep their fucking Jap dicks away from you.

&nbsp;

No master. Susan screamed. She shook her head denying this
so hard it made the 25 pounds hanging from each tit to shake. She looked at the
fucken bastard she tried to protect earlier. This was the way he repaid her? Master that isnt true. I was obedient. They paid him
money. He left me with them.

&nbsp;

Silent slut. Look at his bruises.
He took a beating to try and protect you but you still have some of that
arrogant bitch in you.

&nbsp;

No thats not true. Susan
screamed just before Trent
slapped her face. 

&nbsp;

Doctor, do you have a gag I can use on this slut? He spoke
in English so Susan could hear him. In a few seconds Susan was gagged with a
thick penis. Trent
then took off all the weights but reached for the cannon ball size one. How
much is this one doctor? he asked once more in English so his slave
understood. 

&nbsp;

That is a twenty-five pound weight. Trent attached them to her rings and let them
fall once more causing his slave to scream hysterically from the pain. Her tits
and nipples stretched severely downward. Susans body pulled forward as far as
her cuffed wrists allow her. She moaned and whimpered. Through tear filled eyes
she say the boy, Juan smiling as he watched her suffer.

&nbsp;

Ever since being captured, Susans worst fears
was to anger this man. As much as she had already suffered from what he
called his training of her, the worst pain had come when she knew he was truly
angry with her. She realized he was upset not only because he thought her
actions might have disgraced him in someway but also he was embarrassed by her
denial of her actions. Trent
picked up one of the ten pound weights and added it to her left tit. Her
breasts were pulled so hard that she could barely breath.
The other tit received its additional weight. All the crying slave could do was
shake her head in denial and plea. This angered him
further. Susans nipples were pulled so far and stretched so much she was
afraid they would not return to normal. Well her new normal with her newly augmented
nipples.

&nbsp;

Are you going to lie to me again slave?
Trent snarled.
Sue knew it was hopeless. She shook her head. Was it your attitude that got
Juan beat up and my property mutated? Susans one wish was if she could only
speak with Trent
for a few minutes and try to convince him of what happen but that would not
happen and any further denial would only gain her further pain. Her second wish
would have been to have a few minutes alone with the bastard Juan. Susan nodded
yes. It was the only thing she could do.

&nbsp;

Trent
turned toward the doctor. Dr. Munos, leave this lying fucking bitch like this
for a half an hour. Add to her punishment anything you feel will be safe. Miguel, my apologies to you. I had planned to take this cunt
back with me today but I will leave her in your hands for a week of punishment.
I hope this is payment enough for her actions. I would like if you place the
sluts care to Juan during this week.

&nbsp;

In Spanish he told Juan that he world return next Saturday
and he wanted him to think of one final punishment for this slut. Susan had no
idea what Trent
told the boy but she hated the smile that crossed his face as he looked at her
suffering before him. Si. Gracias
senor.

&nbsp;

Once more turning to Miguel had told him he wanted to find
Roger and the Japs who did this to his property. Even if she deserved
punishment, the augmentation of another mans slave went beyond acceptance. He
wanted to know if they were prepared to bid for the slut they altered.

&nbsp;

Senor, a favor, por favor. The
doctor said. If you find these men I would
like the opportunity to speak with them regarding the formula they have used on
this slave. It could be very useful for those who would want to augment their
slaves tits, nipples and perhaps clits without having to deal with long
recovery periods.

&nbsp;

Trent
just nodded and left Susan with the 35 pounds of lead weight hanging from each
of her painfully stretched nipples. She was sure this much weight would soon
pull her nipples right off her tits. She soon learned she had to focus on not
moving a muscle so as not to cause the weights to sway even the slightest bit. A
minute with such pain felt like an hour. After five minutes she felt herself
getting shaky. She started to cry and plead for release. By ten minutes she
screamed even though she knew no one cared. Somehow she survived the 30
minutes. When Juan and Roberto came into the room she completely broke down. Her
pain got the better of her. They first took the ten pound weights off. She
screamed for them to hurry. Not advisable for a naked bound and pain inundated swamped
slut slave. The boys didnt have to understand what the slave said. Her tone
was disrespectful enough. The moment it passed she knew it was wrong. Whatever
Juan snarled in Spanish she knew was bad. He grabbed one of the lead balls and
let it swing into the other one. Susan went wild with racked pain. He repeated
this again as Roberto went into the doctors torture instrument cabinet. He
held what looked like a short pole with twin tips at the end. Juan grabbed it
from him and placed the tip on her tit and squeezed a trigger. It was a cattle
prod. It was actually more powerful than the zappers they used on her the day
before. The doctors tit fetish assured most of his equipment was geared to
torture a womans breast. Each time Juan pressed the trigger a spark flashed
and shot from the twin tip. The current was so strong even the pain of the
weights could not prevent her from trying to avoid its torture. But there is no
where and no way for a slave cuffed to a pole to evade anything they wanted her
to suffer. Susan kicked out in vain as the boy continued his merciless
amusement. 

&nbsp;

Noooooooooooo! Susan screamed
when with a quick unsuspecting move, Juan knelt down and shoved the end of the
cattle prod up between her moist cunt lips and into her pussy. Although by now
she knew this sadistic boy well enough to know he was going to shock her there,
she still pleaded and begged him not to. Juan began fucking the terrified slave
with the thin prod shaft. He enjoyed the terror on her face which was mixed
with the sluts spontaneous response to this provoking. Susan whimpered. Her
mouth open but instead of words her pleas came as mere sobs. For his age, the
boy knew a lot about a womans arousal. For Susan, the combination of fear, the
humiliation, the feeling of sheer helplessness, the pain she was experiencing
and the sexual crescendo this boy was inducing within her was more than she
could suppress. Her body first began to tremble just before she rose up on her
toes and stiffen as an extremely strong climax erupted. Of course it was at
this zenith that Juan triggered the cattle prod and held it on so the slut
slaves orgasm was a combination of heighten sexual abandonment along with a
continuous jolt of electricity.

&nbsp;

The prods current and Susans orgasm lasted a full 30 seconds
before the slave slumped into blackness. Even several jolts to her tits and ass
did not awaken her. Spurts of jism from both boys splashed over her face and
tits as she laid at the base of the pole. This was
going to be a long torturous week for the slut slave Susan Banks under the control
of the boy she attempted to shield from Trents
wrath.

&nbsp;

*** ( TO BE CONTINUED ) ***

&nbsp;














Susan Banks          (Summerville)




 
  .
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  12
  2007-07-17T17:52:00Z
  2007-07-17T17:52:00Z
  6
  2598
  14810
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  123
  34
  17374
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






&nbsp;

CHAPTER 35

( WHO HAS IT WORSE )

&nbsp;

Trent
sat looking at Pam on his monitor. He was trying to decide what to do about his
new young property. He was considering two things
really. First whether or not to bring her down into Mexico next week to assist in the degradation
of her aunt and second to get her tits augmented with the new growth formula he
obtained. After they located the five Japanese human bio researchers, he and
Miguel demanded payment for what they did to his slave. Together they wouldnt
have been able to afford a reasonable price for the slave even if they had
somewhere to keep her back in Japan.
The Japanese researchers knew also the authorities of the region would back the
slaver and deal harshly with any one who stepped that far over the line.
Feeling cornered, they made Trent
an offer to settle.

&nbsp;

The formula they possessed was yet unknown to their corporate
heads but like most companies, they had the rights for any discoveries
developed by their employees even if it was on their own time. They offered Trent several vial of
their experimental escalation body developer, as payment for Sues nipple
enlargement and irrevocable ringing of her tits. They figured, hed use it up
in no time but they had no idea this slaver had access to one of Americas crime
lab. His connection would give him access to a chemical analyzer and since he
would only need a small amount for an analysis, he had more than enough to
enhance his second slaves average size tits to tempting larger knockers on her
young frame and still obtain the formula.

&nbsp;

It was this idea that Trent
was contemplating. Just how large should he make her tits? And if it worked as they
the researchers said, she would not need more than a day for her body to cope
with her new size boobs. 

&nbsp;

It was time to see if the young girl would cooperate. Apparently
being left alone in her cell didnt sit well with the young girl and when Trent
told her he and her aunt were having a good time down in Mexico celebrating her
assistance in her capture she really went ballistic. Shed do anything to get
back at her aunt for this and so much more. So when Trent suggested hed much rather have a hot
younger girl working with him instead of her 30 year old aunt the girl showed
genuine interest in his offer. He told her how it would be and the fact shed
still be his slave however shed move up in status.

&nbsp;

You see from time to time, I can use the assistance of a
woman to allure others to me. Sort of what your aunt did when she offered you
to take her place to be sold. However any man would be insane not to want a
chick like you instead of a slut like your aunt.

&nbsp;

Master may I speak? she politely asked. Trent nodded yes.

&nbsp;

Master I know I am just a slave but if this slave may ask a
favor of you, would you please stop referring to that cunt of a slut as my
aunt. She is trash to put my Uncle Bob and myself into this situation. She
deserves to be treated like dirt, piss soaked dirty at that. Master please believe me when I tell you I will do anything you want to
get the opportunity to pay that slut back.

&nbsp;

Trent
liked the girls attitude however he wasnt to keen on the idea that she kept
saying it was because Susan put her into the situation she was in. He would
have preferred if she wanted to be his slave. Trent knew he had to keep an eye on the young
slave but was pretty sure shed play along at least long enough to get her
revenge. You said you were willing to do anything. Are you sure? he asked.

&nbsp;

Anything. She replied with
assurance.

&nbsp;

Ok then. I want my slave with a little
bigger tits. Are you willing to have yours enlarged? Trent was surprised when she not only said
yes but seemed eager about it. Once your tits are augmented I will require you
to pass two loyalty tests. Do you agree to all this?

&nbsp;

Once more Trent
was surprised she agreed to everything without even asking what he was
considering.

&nbsp;

Pam was confused when he told her to lay on her cot where he
strapped her arms and legs to it. He opened a box which contained a syringe and
several small bottles of liquid. He carefully measured a dosage and turned
toward his willing slave. He could tell she looked scared. Surely he wasnt
thinking of performing this kind of surgery here like this. It was the first
time hed seen the brash girls confidence waver and although ordinarily Trent would loved to have
played off this fear he had other things in mind for her. Do you trust your
master? He asked her.

&nbsp;

Pam swallowed hard but she told him she did.

&nbsp;

Trent
injected a quarter of the formula in each side of the base of her right breasts
as instructed. In a matter of 2 to 3 minutes Pamela began to groan as she felt
something in that breast. Her skin felt as if it was tightening and there was
an odd stretching sensation. Although she couldnt see her breast actually
growing, she was sure it was larger than her left breast. Trent checked his watch and exactly at the
five minute mark he injected her tit again but about 2 inches further from its
base. These were the injections that would produce the greatest affect. The two
at the base were like a foundation while the remainder of the vile would expand
and enlarge the tit. 

&nbsp;

Trent
watched as Pamela began feeling the side affects they had warned him about and
the main reason the formula wasnt ready for any formal introduction. With the
solution at the base of the tit now solidified, the newly injected dosage had
no where else to expand other than outward. A womans breast is comprised mostly
of fatty tissue and many nerve endings. The pain she was beginning to
experience would increase as the nerves were being trapped and would be crushed
until the skin finally stretched sufficiently over the newly enlarged breast.
The formula was a major break through but it needed the bodys natural response
and interaction to work so the breast could not be anesthetized. The medical
community would never permit nor risk a woman to endure so much pain just for natural
enlarged breasts. This was why the researcher looked to test variations of the
formula on crack cocaine hookers and pain slaves. No one cared how much pain
they endured. It was also why Trent
had strapped Pan down to her cot. There was no way shed hold still for the
same treatment repeated on her right tit. 

&nbsp;

There all done. He announced to the screaming girl
fighting the wide leather straps. That wasnt as bad as I thought it would
be. He looked down at the pain ridden slave thrashing as much as she could.
The good news is only during the first hour or will your breasts react to the enlargement.
They will slowly expand but height of the pain will be over after that. Once
they cease growing the tits will eventually adapt to their increased size. I
was told it takes anywhere from16 to 24 hours but think of this slave you will
have natural looking and feeling 36D cup tits, give or take a few sizes.

&nbsp;

Pamela barely heard a word he was telling her. She was in a
world of hurt and couldnt focus on anything but the pain in her chest. 

&nbsp;

-- 

&nbsp;

Meanwhile down Mexico way, Susans tits were
feeling their own dose of pain. They had hooked the blond up to the two person sulkie
and Juan was using her to shuttle customers to and from the bars in town and
the slave ranches. Naturally, Juan wanted this slave he was given to exploit to
experience much more than one of the pony slaves out at El Rancho Tortura. Unlike
any of the sulky harnesses used there, Miguel came up with a novel one for Trents slave with her
new super size nipples. Instead of using a harness around the slaves waist as
the pivotal point to attach the carts pulling poles, Miguel used a waist belt
with rings which the poles would slide through up to a point before hitting a
dowel pin then and only then the carts weight was pulled by this harness. The
reason for the rings and the design needing the poles to slide somewhat was
that her nipple rings were attached to those poles too. However the leather
straps were shorter than the length she had to move to begin pulling the cart.
This assured her nipples would be pulled to their limits before the waist
harness had any affect. To add to the anguish instead of the normal head
harness reins Juan attached the driving reins to her nipples too along with
weighted bells and of course the large butt plug horse hair tail. 

&nbsp;

Most every action tugged, pulled or jerked Susans trapped
nipples.

&nbsp;

Juans taxi service went on all day. Susan was given short
rest periods between runs and fed with a feedbag as well as being made to drink
from the real horse troughs. 

&nbsp;

By 4:30, she was released and allowed to properly rest so
she would be fresh enough to endure another evening on the For Sale platform.
Susans week would be one torment after another while held in this town. She
couldnt believe there was such a place where everyone enjoyed seeing a slave
suffer and everyone seem to be a masochist specializing in their own specialty.
But what really bothered Susan the most was after a few days she realized Trents comments about an American slave was
right. The people of the town and many foreign visitors to the ranches seemed
keen on seeing her suffer more so than any of the slaves held there or
voluntarily playing a slave girl. They even went out of their way to torture
the American slut. When they first came down on the weekend, there were perhaps
a two dozen slaves or want-a-be submissives scattered about the area but during
the week there were only two others besides Susan, an Australian slaves and a
German slave being trained as well as the owned slaves living in town like Dr.
Munos nurse slave. Susan was the only piece of meat for sale but most of the
buyer or reps we gone too. Still the locals displayed just the hatred or
perhaps jealously of a woman who grew up and lived much better off than they
had it and now they had the opportunity to take it out on her as if she was
responsible for everything wrong with the world.

&nbsp;

Over the week these people enjoyed treating her lower than
an animal. The donkeys pulling their carts just like she had to do werent
beaten or whipped like she was. Even while they waited for the next customer,
often women would come up to her and use their hands to make her cum then say
something about how she climaxed while making her lick her own juices from
their hands. Juan made sure she knew what they said about how disgusting she
was. And there were those who picked up sticks or branches and beat her with
them because their husband enjoyed fucking the American on the platform at
night. It didnt matter that she was tied and spread open helplessly for their
use. If she wasnt so pretty or there in the first place they wouldnt be
tempted by her. It was always the slaves fault.

-- --

&nbsp;

How much longer? Bob dared to ask
when Trent
brought him his bowl of food.

&nbsp;

Probably not much longer. I have
received a few interesting inquires for both your wife and your niece. You know
as we speak she is growing into quit a woman herself. He chuckled. I think
that dumb bitch actually believes I would consider not selling her ass in a
minute. But you were right about how she despises Susan. I thought it might be
fun to allow her the opportunity to get a little payback with her aunt. If I
remember, Ill bring my camera and record it so you will have something to jerk
off to since you have nothing else to do.

&nbsp;

Bobs head dropped in defeat. He knew if he dared to speak
up to this man, Susan would be punished for his protest. He also thought
without even knowing where he was holding Susan and Pam, he could do nothing to
help them. Isnt there anyway I can convince you to stop this? he desperately
asked.

&nbsp;

Sure Bob. All you have to do is out bid any of the offers I
receive. Do you have a huge stash of money either your wife or I dont know
about?

&nbsp;

-- --

&nbsp;

In about 12 hours, The pain lessen
considerably for Pam and went completely away during the night. By the next
morning she couldnt believe she was sporting a nice rack. If only her friends
from High school could see her now, she thought. Then she realized she was
still naked and strapped to a cot in a cell somewhere and this wasnt exactly
how shed want to be seen by friends.

&nbsp;

Trent
released her and immediately and began feeling up her new and improved tits.
They swelled a little bigger than I thought they would. He said, bouncing her tit in
the palm of his hand. But they feel so natural. How do you like them?

&nbsp;

Im not sure. I never considered getting implants and Im
not too sure what people will think of me with such big jugs. She replied.

&nbsp;

Trent
had to laugh at her nave reply. Slut from the moment your aunt delivered you
to me there is only one way people will ever see you. You are a slave, a
pleasure toy for others, and a fuck hole. These improvements will tack on a
good ten to twenty thousand to your price.

&nbsp;

Pams face went pale. Master I know I have become a slave
but I thought you wanted to keep me.

&nbsp;

How Trent
wanted to crush her innocents but now wasnt the right time. You have to earn
that right, slave. If you want to stay with me, you will have to do things you
may not want to do and you will do them immediately and with enthusiasm. If you
dont you will be on the same auction block your aunt will soon be on.

&nbsp;

Please master, give me a chance to
prove myself to you.

&nbsp;

Trent
hadnt planned on this, however, he had nothing
special planned for the evening. You got a deal slut. Tonight you can prove
yourself to me but right now I need your lips on my dick. Get to it, slave.

&nbsp;

-- --

Susan was being to experience a full circle of torment and
torture. During the day she either was the pony girl for Juans slut taxi
service or she was rented out as a serving wench at one of the bars. It was a
win-win-lose situation for everyone. Juan got paid for letting the bar use his entrusted
slut slave. The bar did outstanding business but as always it was a no win
situation for the slave.

&nbsp;

Sues arms and wrists were tied in a reverse prayer tie.
They pulled her tied wrists high up her back and secured them to a slave collar.
Once more the purpose was to posture her body as tits and cunt only. She had to
keep her chest thrust forward and outward. There was a large tray attached to a
belt which in turn was buckled around her waist but the belt only positioned it
firmly at waist level. To keep the far end of the tray level they connected the
front end of the tray to her nipple rings. The end result was her nipples and
tits alone supported the full weight of the serving tray and whatever was
placed upon it. To make things even more difficult for the slave, she wore 6
inch pencil thin heels while her ankles were hobbled with four inches of chain.


&nbsp;

The bartender often placed 6 to 10 cervezas on the tray at one
time while attaching the bill with a pin to one of her cunt lips. If the
smallest amount of beer spilled and often even if it didnt, the whip, with its
handle which she was forced to hold up her cunt, was
removed by the customer or the bartender and she was whipped for her clumsiness.
Half the time when hed prick her cunt with the bill and pin, shed flinch
enough to make the full beer glasses wobble and slosh some of the beer out.
Shed get her ass caned at the bar by the bartender or bar back and whipped at
the tables by some customer.

&nbsp;

And it goes without saying, the
slaves body was groped, slapped, whipped, fingered, poked, twisted and pinched
too. Several imaginative men fucked her ass while she was ordered to maintain a
full tray of beers. It mattered not that their thrusting into her ass was the
cause for spilt beers. The slave paid in many different ways for wasting that
much beer.

&nbsp;

--- --

&nbsp;

Ok my young slave pledge, time to prove you will do
anything for your master. Trent
said to Pam. I picked his outfit out just so you can show off your new sexy
body. Trent
handed Pamela a red spandex shoulderless mini dress. The top had  cups so
plenty of her new tits would show. The length was as short or
shorter than the outfit her aunt was wearing when they picked her up from the
bus station and she considered that the sluttiest outfit she had ever seen in
her life. To make matters worse she was given no panties so a good portion of
her bare ass cheeks hung below the brief hem. This was all topped off with a
red locking collar which matched the color of the red heels she wore.

&nbsp;

Pam so badly wanted to say something about the outfit and
how she knew it had to make her look but she remembered she was trying to prove
she could obey and would be dedicated to this man.

&nbsp;

Now before we go down to a nice dingy bar where many of
your new best friends will be hanging and where you will be entertaining them,
I want you to read over these cards which you will be handing out tonight so
you will have a good idea of what I want of you for the first part of your
evening. Just how well you comply and much enthusiasm you put into servicing
the patrons will determine your second part of the evening. He said handing
her a stack of printed index cards.

&nbsp;

Pamela glanced over the top card and became woozy. She
looked at Trent who enjoyed the shocked look upon her face. If you want me to
believe you are devoted enough to take charge of slut slave Suzie, your going
to have to demonstrate it to me.

&nbsp;

*** TO BE CONTINUED ***

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;
















Susan Banks          (Summerville)




 
  .
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  293
  2007-07-24T18:34:00Z
  2007-07-24T18:34:00Z
  6
  2770
  15792
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  131
  37
  18525
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






CHAPTER 36

( FLIP THIS SLUT )

&nbsp;

Down Mexico
way, the community found yet another way to torture pezn grande (big
nipples) which some of the locals began calling the blond grindo slave. Susan
was tied to her sulky cart in a most painful way. The harness
bars were removed leaving only the seat, axel and wheels. Once more they bent
her painfully backwards tying her ankles below to the axels while her body was
bent in a severe arch over the seat with her arms tied in back and also tied to
the axles but from the top. This left her bowed backwards attached to a set of
wheels. A third wheel was attached in front of the frame so it now stood on its
own. The only thing needed was some sort of propellant. Two large Labradors retrievers where brought out. The pair of
hunting dogs were well trained and worked well as a
pair. Again Susans ringed bloated nipples were attached by leashes to each of
the dogs harnesses. All that was needed was for someone to call the dogs. The
trained dogs ran to anyone who called them. Susan and the attached nipple cart was pulled behind them. Each time the dogs bounded in stride
her nipples were yanked. The sulky was light weight and once it got moving the
pulling lessen but because the dogs were not harnessed together they often separated
slightly and of course since they were attached to the slaves nipples so went the her wrenched nipples and tits. 

&nbsp;

This soon became even worse than her being the pony girl
since the dogs enthusiastically responded to anyone who called them and had no
concern for the screaming slave they towed along behind them.

&nbsp;

Susan heard groups of drunken men laughing and cheering as
well a women enjoying this torturous game. Perhaps it
was Susans fair skin and hot body but the locals were taking a liking to
torturing this particular slut slave.

&nbsp;

----

&nbsp;

The bar Trent
pulled up to was worse than Pam had anticipated. It was located deep within an
area with hookers, drug dealers and the homeless shelters and soup kitchens
where many of the citys down and out and simply wino degenerates went for
cheap liquor without much hassle. It was an area where not only good girls
averted but even the wild risk takers. There was a building and what looked
like at one time, a fenced in beer garden. Pam noticed out front of the building
two men laid sprawled out on the ground. They werent positioned in a typical
transient sleeping arraignment but rather looked more like they simple fell
down and passed out. Even the young brash girl felt dreadfully uneasy in the
suggestive skimpy outfit she wore in this area of town. It was a known fact the
police often ignored calls from these back streets and here she was with her
ass peeking out from under her skirt and her new breast pouring out of her top.
Surely her master wouldnt want his prized slave to come to any harm here but Pamela
Powers would quickly learn just how demanding of a test shed have to pass for
Master Trent to accept her.

&nbsp;

He open the car door for her and no
sooner had she carefully stepped out of it in front of the bar when Trent ordered her to
strip. Pam looked down the street and then at the men laying only a few feet
from them. She looked toward her master and was about to protest when he
shouted, I said strip slut.

&nbsp;

Pam pulled off the little outfit and nervously stood naked
in the glow of the street light. Show me how talented you are. Your slut aunt
could get a drunk like him off in less than ten minutes. If you cant do that,
then Ill leave you out here handcuffed to that pole for the night.

&nbsp;

Pamelas eyes widen as she was stunned at what he was ordering
her to do. The dirty man lying before them was passed out or perhaps high on a
drug trip. Even in her present state of nakedness hadnt provoked him to do
anything more than just look up at her but she knew she had to prove she was
more devoted than her Aunt Susan. Pam got down on the sidewalk next to the
grimy man. She took his hand and placed it on her new firm round tits. His touch
on her flesh was both nauseating and titillating at the same time to the naked
girl. Hey, baby, do you like me? she asked.

&nbsp;

The man seemed to force a smile but he was clearly drunker
than hell. His breath reeked of whiskey and he could barely keep his eyes open.
Pam knew he would soon pass out so she had to work fast. She worked his pants
open and wrapped her hand around his limp dick and began working her hand up
and down his shaft. 


Pan got little response so she positioned her breasts over his face. The drunk
open his mouth and took her nipple into it. Yah thats it baby, suck my tit.
She said as she worked his cock just as pair of other men stumbled out of the
bar. 

&nbsp;

What the fuck. Someone shouted to others in the bar. Look
what Johnny has on top of him. Before long, 8 shabby men ranging in age from their
late fifty to early thirties stood around Pam as she did everything she could
to stimulate the nearly comatose transient. As much as she didnt want to do
it, she leaned over and took his rancid cock into her mouth. Her efforts got a
response out of the man. The longer the young girl worked on his cock the more
aware she became at just what she was doing. She knew she appeared to be every
bit the slut whore that she felt her aunt had become but she kept telling
herself if she could get through this, shed have her
revenge on her aunt for handing her over to this man who put her into this
position. Shed already accepted the reality of her situation. He could easily
force her with physical pain and torture to do anything he wanted but if she
could convince him that she was his willing slave, then perhaps shed at least
get a measure of satisfaction with her Aunt Susan.

&nbsp;

It became even more difficult for the once sassy teen to
continue as she felt hands grabbing and probing her ass and slit which was proximately
sticking up at the men around the scene. Instinctively, Pam swiped at the hand
working its way between her fold and into her cunt. Seconds later she heard her
master ordering her to continue while he would deliver her ten blows with the
cane to her ass for such insolence toward the man simply enjoying a slut
slaves fuck hole.

&nbsp;

Even the callous drunks who were greatly enjoying the degradation
of this naked girl seemed shocked at how brutal the blows which were laid across
the young firm ass. Deep welts sprung up with each blow all the while Pamela
forced herself to continue sucking on the cock. Only during the last 4 blows
did she scream out with the cock in her mouth. This seemed to excite the man
she was sucking and he shot streams after streams of cum down the throat of the first
woman hed been with in years. Grunting while climaxing he forced her head down
even further until her lips touched the base of his cock just as the 9th
blow from the cane struck. 

&nbsp;

Finally when both the transients climax and her punishment
ended, she was pushed off of him like so much used trash. Trent ordered her to get up and get her ass
into the bar. She had apologies to pay and a nights entertainment to complete.

&nbsp;

For the next three hours any man in the bar was given the
rare opportunity to whip the ass, cunt or tits of a young middle class girl. The kind of middle girl who would pass them daily and not only
refuse them a handout but not even acknowledge their existence. 

Most of the men were too drunk to maintain a hard on but a
few fucked her only after Trent
demanded they put on a condom. The first man who complained about this was told
he could take his used condom and smear his spent load over her face. Pam was
bound to a support post where she endured worsening abuse until most of them
men finally passed out or drifted out of the place. Often during her ordeal,
shed glance over to Trent, who sat enjoying the exploitation of his slave. Seeing
his grin sent mixed emotions of hatred and accomplishment at the same time.
Surely she was proving her loyalty to him now.

&nbsp;

****

&nbsp;

The true sadistic nature of the two young Mexican boys
became even more apparent to Susan on her third day of control and abuse from
Juan and Roberto. They came up with an idea for an even more brutal torture of
the Americans slaves tits while shed be carting the now dozens of men and
women who enjoyed driving the suffering slave with the buggy whip. The boys
told Miguel their idea. He was a true craftsman when it came to designing and
building torture instruments to be use on the many slaves who came to this region.


&nbsp;

First a collar that was so wide it forced Susans head to be
held upward was buckled around her neck. The slave could neither turn her head
nor see anything but the sky above her. This meant it would ensure any and all
directions their pony girl was given would be from the carts reigns rather
than the slaves sight. Next six inch heel boots were laced on her. These were
needed because starting that day shed be carting supplies to a few of the
slave ranches on the outskirts of town over some pretty rocky back roads. This
would be more of a work, rather than a sexual plaything, day for the slave. The
boots and Juans inventive idea for a different harness would be needed. The
weight shed be towing would be much too heavy for the nipple/waist harness
shed been locked into the past couple of days but Juan wanted to make sure
even though shed be pulling the cart via the waist band that this sluts tits
and bloated nipples felt enough pain for everyones enjoyment.

&nbsp;

Susan sighed when handcuff like opened rings were placed at
the base of her tits. These were ratcheted tight and left locked in place. Each
of the tit cuffs had a length of chain hanging freely below her tit. The boys
and Miguel discussed something just before they reached out to tighten the
rings several more clicks. Susan knew her tits would be agonizingly distended and
suffer all day long as they bounced and jiggled about
in these tit cuffs. Already they were quickly turning a deep dark red color.

&nbsp;

The instrument that
she would endure for the day started with a pair of metal rods which were
connected together at one end by three short links of chain. The unchained ends
of the rods ran through rings set on each side of her neck collar. The end
result looked like a kind of metal V starting together behind her back and
widening front of her at neck level. Next Susans arms were pulled behind her
and tied at the elbows and wrists just before they were attached end of the
poles at the point where they came together.

&nbsp;

Now the fun was about to begin for everyone but Susan. A
thick metal hook was inserted up and into her asshole. The cool metal was thick
so it did not cut but it was plenty uncomfortable. A chain attached to the end
which protruded out from between her ass cheeks was attached to the same short
links which attached the poles together and also where her wrists were affixed.
Miguel instructed Roberto and Juan to stand in front of the slave and each of
the boys pulled downward on the one of the ends of the metal rods from the
front. In doing so, this forced Susans wrist and arms to be pulled uncomfortably
upward behind her to the point where she began to bend forward in order to deal
with the forced position. She immediately discovered she could only bend
forward and relieve the stain of her raised arms to the point were the chained
hook up her asshole allowed her to do so. 

&nbsp;

Miguel told the boys to hold her like that while he attached
the weights to the tit chains. Susan could not look down to see what he
considered tit weight were a pair of old 16 pound bowling balls that had rings
screwed into them and were now clipped to the chains hanging from each of the
tit cuffs. The boys laughed when their slave groan as each of
the balls were attached and left hanging from the base of her tits. The
strain pulled Sues tits downward. These would be counter weights for what was
coming next.. 

&nbsp;

On the ends of each of the rods which protruded though the
collar and in front of the slave were rings. The boys clipped chains to these
rings before attaching the other ends to Susans nipple rings. When they let go
of the poles, Susan screamed. Her bound arms and the ass hook attached behind
her pulled downward on the rods in back thus pulling upward on her attached
nipples rings and weighted tits in front. The slave would have to deal with alternating
tortures which shed be enduring at any point in time while pulling the cart.
She could bend slightly forward and pull up on the hook in her ass and hold her
stained arms up and out behind her for as long as she could endure the stain
only to be forced to switch her suffering and allow the pivoting of the rods to
pull up on her nipples to the point of lifting up her weight tits. 

&nbsp;

Finally the waist harness was attached to the cart while the
reigns were also clipped to the chain leading from her nipples. A pull in either direction and the pony girl knew shed have to turn
in that direction. 

&nbsp;

Both Roberto and Juan jumped into the cart before Susan felt
the sting of the whip on her flank. The moment she took the first few steps she
realized just how extremely more painful this would be than any of the other
days. Each step caused the heavy bowling balls to sway and bounce against each
other. The weight tugged on her tits which pulled even more on her stretched
ringed nipples. The faster they made her move the more her strained arms and
weights kept pivoting up and down. Tears flowed from the blond slaves eyes.
She couldnt believe how much pain these people could give a woman without a
care for her as anything other than a slave for enjoyment. Even while standing
at rest some of the women of the town came up to the suffering slave and pulled
on various chains to see what kind of reaction they could get from the American
slave. At least, they felt, the slut would be in no condition to be fucking
their men tonight.

&nbsp;

****

&nbsp;

By the next morning, Pamela was sore all over. She had whip marks from her tits to her
knees. Dried cum coated her breasts, stomach and face. Her bruised ass was still
on fire from the severe caning Trent
delivers to her not only outside the bar but twice more when she didnt appear
to act as enthusiastic as she needed to be when asked to be the toilet for two
of the men. By this point in the evening she began to wonder if trying to
impress this man was worth the pain and humiliation. But it was over and before
she was locked into her cell for the night, he informed her shed earn the
right to assist with her aunts ordeals during the up coming weekend. In the
meantime, Trent
was beginning to get hits regarding both of his offered American slaves. He
knew an old 30 year old slut like Susan Banks wouldnt get the kind of money a
fresh cunt like Pam would draw but he was a little disappointed with the
initial bids. Even at the ripe old age of 30, the blonde had a fantastic shape,
great tits and since dropping 8 pounds since her kidnapping she was lean and
firm but when a buyer has to dish out between a half to a quarter of a million
for a slut slave, he wants to get a good 10-15 years out of the cunt before
cashing her in to some back street no limit Malaysian S&amp;M brothel. 

&nbsp;

Trent
wondered if the augmentation of Suzy sluts nipples the Japs performed had
become a selling point or freakish negative. Then he remembered the viles of serum
he still possessed. Just one treatment on Pam had transformed her from a
stunning sexy girl into a shapely, tit jiggling, mouth watering, enticing slut. If the serum could be broken down and
duplicated hed be richer than he could ever imagine even if it was only sold
through the underground markets. No flat chested bitch would be safe from guys who
could transform their girl friends or wives into the jug jiggling woman theyd
always wanted. Trent
couldnt help but snicker as he thought about a fictional packaging concept. 

&nbsp;

STEP
1 Open box containing a knock out pill and the vile of hooter enhancer. 

STEP 2 -Drop pill into
targets drink.

STEP 3- Wait 15
minutes for unconsciousness. 

STEP 4- Inject each
tit with one half syringe of hooter enhancer.

STEP 5- When your new
and improved double-D dream girl awakens, try not to drool and try to act
innocent. Point out it could only be a miracle because no breast surgery could
have been performed and healed in the short time shed been out. 

STEP 6- Enjoy hours of
pleasure with your new melon mama who should eventually be convinced its obviously
her destiny to be a hot bouncing busty bunny.

&nbsp;

Trent
walked up stairs. He wanted to send out the new photos of his younger full
chested slave to entice even higher bids. Trent
could not help thinking of all those home improvement shows on the tube which
touted how new room additions could bring much higher resale value to the home.
He wanted his potential clients to get a good look at the photos of Pams new expansive
twins. Talk about flipping a cunt for a bigger profit.

&nbsp;

Several hours after sending off his advertisement of the new
and improved sales model of the young American slave, Trent began getting the kind of serious bids
from those who deal in this slave trade under world community. These where the clients who could afford such a sought after cunt
like Pam. 

&nbsp;

All the hard work would soon pay off, he thought to himself
as he settled down with a drink in hand and turned on a video sent over night
delivery of his other slaves first few days on her Mexican vacation. Trent had to laugh at his
slaves strained purple tits. Those boys really enjoy working over a pair of
tits. If it werent for the fact the doctor assured him hed let Juan and
Roberto have all the fun they wanted with the slaves chichis (tits) while
stopping them just short of any real damage. Since the Dr. Munos was such a
fanatic of breasts torture himself, he knew a lot about the limits of the
slaves tits. Still it always amazed the slaver as he watched his slave being
hoisted off the ground. Incredible he thought that a slut could actually hang from her
tits. Trent
nearly choked on his drink when he watched Juan and Roberto take turns whacking
the helpless slave with a flat paddle as if she was a pinota. Even blindfolded
they could judge approximately where her bloated tits would be and gave them a
brutal beating before stretching her out for a good old fashion Mexican slaver
town gangbanging. It brings a tear to ones eye to see a whole community
pitching in together to fuck a spread-eagle slave on the towns slave
exhibition gazebo. 

&nbsp;

*** TO BE CONTINUED ***

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;



&nbsp;














Susan Banks          (Summerville)




 
  .
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  247
  2007-08-11T00:23:00Z
  2007-08-11T00:23:00Z
  8
  3260
  18586
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  154
  43
  21803
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






&nbsp;

CHAPTER 37

PAM THE DRUG RUNNER

&nbsp;

Trent
allowed Pamela to heal and rest for the next couple of days. Meanwhile hed
been in contact with a couple of serious bidders for
ownership of this bonus young captive. The figures being discussed were high
enough that Trent
was now considering a new fate for his other slave Susan. He had the option now
to either stay with plan A and sell her right out to the highest bidder as
usual or plan B which would involve taking a lesser offer however in the
process he might gain considerable favor from the parties involved. He thought
to himself, it was possible, Susans Banks ass or
rather her tits or the whole submissive package could bring him a tidy sum but
more importantly an allegiance with those he needed such loyalty for future
transactions.

&nbsp;

What wasnt in any way part of his decision was the fate of
his slave. Like any slaver, Trent
had a completely business like attitude toward the flesh he sold. The smooth
soft skin, warm wet cunt and hot sexy body of the woman, Susan Banks had
vanished in his mind just like his feelings of her as a person. During her
transformation Trents
mind set about her changed as seeing her as a sexy, hot piece of flesh for
sale. Once sold, like any other object, the buyer could use it in anyway or for
any purpose he or she wanted. After all a car salesman doesnt give the least
bit of thought whether or not the new truck he sold is used for pleasure or
hard abusive labor. By this point, it was pretty much the same concept for the
slaver. 

&nbsp;

The highest bidders
at the moment ironically were the five Japanese researchers. The offer was to
pay for the slave they haphazardly blemished with the germinate nipple rings
and engorging and sensitizing of her nipples. The five of them collected enough
money together and made an offer of $200,000 to continue their research as well
as enjoy the exploitation of their property. They figured when finished with
her, they would sell the American cunt to a bizarre traveling circus where
nightly shed be displayed as a sexual freak and perhaps even made to perform
bizarre sexual acts.

&nbsp;

The second offer was coming from a group of people who could
benefit Trent
in the long run. Although their offer was significantly less at $110,000 at the
moment he was leaning at accepting this lower offer for his own reasons.

&nbsp;

Unlike all of Trents
past sales, who were young girls sold for use mainly as sex slaves but would be
punished now and then either for transgression or just for their owners pleasure, Susans fate would be bleak in either case. The
Japs would probably end up turning her into some kind of a freak with huge
basketball size tits and baseball size nipples before shipping her off to
suffer untold treatments by both men and circus animals in the Far East. But as bad as a circus bimbo slave seemed, he
was sure the second group he was leaning toward would assure her a much more
brutal and abusive life of slavery. Trent
found himself with a raging hard on as he thought about this life for the once adventurous
but somewhat naive American housewife. He needed a slaves mouth to take care
of him so he went down to visit his prized money maker.

&nbsp;

Pam was actually happy to see him. Although she had gotten
plenty of rest being locked up in a cage with nothing to do, it
was actually pretty boring.
Sucking off her master and perhaps getting fucked herself was far better than
just laying around doing nothing.

&nbsp;

***

&nbsp;

Meanwhile for Susan, things in Mexico had recently gone from bad
to worse, even super worser, badder or pure hell, if there were such terms. Juan and Miguels torturous arm wrenching, ass
tearing, nipple stretching and tit weighted harness and V frame was so popular
among the local sadist bar owners and patrons as well as the SM ranch owners
that the boys were earning themselves a lot of extra money driving their slut
pony girl all over the area. And even though by days end when the slave could
barely stand up, it was no problem to let her lie down, spread-eagled of course
so the slut could be fucked by whom ever visited her
at the now too familiar slave platform in the town park.

&nbsp;

This American slave was really pissing the local women off for
depleting many of the men of their cum before returning
home from the bars. So when several of the most prominent wives of the bar and
ranch owners got together and offered Juan his largest token for use of the
pony girl, her readily accepted it. Normally beer, liquor and other supplies
were trucked into town but on this day they planned on doing it the old way.
The women scrounged up an old wagon which was usually pulled by four mules.
Today however there would be a fifth beast of burden harnessed up. The four
mules stood harnessed as normal but at the end of the line was the naked American
blonde. She was secured within her arm wrenching V frame harness. It painfully wrenched
her arms upward behind her to easy the pulling on her nipple rings however
instead of attaching the bowling ball weights to her tits, the chains normally
used for the weights ran up to the two mules harnessed in front of her.
Since these two chains were the only way by which she was secured in line, the
slave would have to keep up with the pace of the animals before her. Even with
her arms severely wrenched up behind her back along with the hook up her
asshole and her nipples being pulled up and away in front, Susan could
painfully manage to keep up with the lumbering mule team so the revengeful
wives had to add a few of their own hindrances. 

&nbsp;

In this set up, the slaves purpose wasnt actually to be
part of the team pulling the weight of the wagon. Unlike the other days when
she suffered and was the only means by which to propel the sulkie cart, Susan
was teamed up simply to suffer. One of the womens cruel additions was to tie a
slender string around the base of her aroused and provoked clit. The other end
ran down and was tied off to her hobbled ankle chains. Not only did these
chains limit her stride but each step caused the chains to shake and yank on
her noosed clit. If that wasnt enough they inserted a remote controlled
vibrator up into Susans cunt. They figured if the puta enjoyed coming so much with their men
then they would rough climax after climax out of the slut with the combination
of this vibrator and constant shuddering tugs to her clit. Each and every time
she stumbled or falter because of the result of an orgasm, shed be pulled
forward by the mule team causing her additional pain and enjoyment for the
laughing women onboard. 

&nbsp;

Unbeknown to the women who were seeking level of revenge on
the beautiful man cum stealing slut slave, often while being tortured, Susan
reached a point where the pain actually excited her sexually along with feeling
its powerful discomfort.

&nbsp;

In all the round trip took 3 hours and nearly 20 to 30
climaxes. No one could tell after awhile including Susan herself. Pain was
mixed with climaxes. She really felt the humiliation of everyone on the wagon
and those standing along the road laughing at their American slave mule. They all
knew of her situation and watching her being forced into sexual climaxes while
suffering at the same time shed have to step through the piles of shit the
mules in front of her often dropped. The women driving the team would often announced in both English and Spanish to anyone they
encountered along the way that the slave was in the thralls of a climax. 

&nbsp;

A couple of the women took the whips out and tried to stymie
the slave from peaking during several of her climaxes but Susan was already into
her own world where she somehow was able to enjoy the orgasms even to the point
that all the pain her nipples, tits, clit, ass and arms were enduring simply heighten
the strength of each climax. A sting of a whip to her ass or thighs was
irrelevant by this point.

&nbsp;

The real only problem came when they were releasing the
naked mule. The string knotted around her clit had tighten so much that it took
another 45 minutes and several climatic reactions to the fingers trying to free
her swollen clit from the string noose.

&nbsp;

Once completely released of her bonds, the exhausted slave
dropped to the dirt street. No amount of whipping kicking or prodding could get
her to move. When Dr. Munos examined her, he diagnosed to the surprised women
who thought they had damaged the slave for sale that she collapsed more so from
exhaustion of her many climaxes rather than from any physical pain and exertion
they imposed upon her. It was deemed in order for everyone would get their last
nights chance at enjoying the slave, she was off limits for the rest of the
day to rest up for her nightly fuck and abuse festival.

&nbsp;

****

Get dressed. Was Trents
simple command, early Friday morning. He tossed her
what looked like one of the outfits she had with her from her European trip. As
she held it up she noticed it had been amateurishly altered. The cuts were
obviously made with scissors and not hemmed. Somehow a 6 inch skirt made Pamela
feel more embarrassed than being totally naked. She remembered how slutty her
Aunt Susan looked to her at the bus station. She hoped her aunt felt every bit
as embarrassed as she did now. The top was one of her older shirts, which now was
way too tight with her newly developed ample breasts but even this was cut into
a crop top.

&nbsp;

Pam did not ask questions as to where they were going nor
why. By now the young slave knew better than to question anything. 

&nbsp;

At this point in his slaves development, Trent knew he could
have this cunts bare ass sticking out the window without complaint to either
avoid punishment or gain some little reward but hed discovered there was something
about the slut look which ripped away any innocence a naked captive may still
had retained. It definitely made his slaves feel cheapen when they where so
scantily dressed. Unlike being naked and even tied spread eagled, most of his
slaves sensed a different kind of humiliation from the looks theyd get from
being seen as a slut. It was one of the best things he enjoyed about Susan.
When Larry forced her to expose herself, she always blushed no matter what she
had done in the past or would obey. She never got accustom to this humiliation
but knew it aroused her at the same time.

&nbsp;

Trent
planned on giving his new slave this feeling of humiliation. He told her to spread
her legs open. She obeyed. Trent
inserted some kind of small canister up into her cunt. It was plastic and
reminded Pam of a 35MM film container. He told her not to loose it but didnt
tell her what it was. He then took Pamela up to the car where she was tethered
by a chain on her ankle to the car seat. Trent
used his gauze blindfold on her before adding the dark sunglasses which hid her
taped eyes closed. Pam sat waiting while her master went to get something.
Moments later she heard the truck open and something heavy was placed in it
before being slammed shut.

&nbsp;

They drove for about 45 minutes before stopping. Trent spoke Spanish to
someone. They laughed about something just before she heard the window being
lowered on her side of the car. The slave sensed someone was very close to her.
Pamela knew that during the ride, what little of the skirt that covered her
when she first sat down had disappeared. She was fairly certain her shaved cunt
had to be showing. What could, whoever was near to her, think of anyone dressed
like a cheap trampy slut? Unlike her aunt, Pam was more embarrassed and humiliated
than excited in such situations.

&nbsp;

His initial fondling of her breast surprised her. She instinctively drew back from his touch but
his hand pursued her firm boobs. The man said something and Trent replied with si. Suddenly his gentle
cupping changed to a tight grasp of her top and in seconds she felt him pull and rip the small
top. Trent
noticed, unlike her aunt who would have spontaneously thrust her bared breasts
outward in a slutty acceptance of this kind of exposure, Pamela reaction was to
reach up and try to cover herself. This pissed Trent off. Pam heard the unknown man once
more say something in Spanish to Trent
and whatever his reply was she was ordered out of the car by him.

&nbsp;

I think, maybe, you hide something puta. Maybe you are
carrying drugs into my country, no?

&nbsp;

No. Pam blindly automatically responded as she was pulled
out of the car with her tits now completely exposed. If the young girls eyes
werent taped shut she would have seen that her master handed the guard a pair
of handcuffs from the glove compartment. Pamela was very aware of the sound of
traffic in the area as she stood blindly out of the concealment of the car. The
man roughly turned her around and grabbed her arms to lock the steel cuffs behind
her back. She immediately felt how having her arms secured behind her caused
her chest to propel outward which almost forced her to display her tits. Passing
traffic began beeping. She knew her breasts were exposed to them now.

&nbsp;

I check to see if this one is hiding something, senor? Trent told him to go ahead
and search her. Pam could not believe this. What in hell could this guy think
she could be hiding with her top already torn apart leaving her with just the
shirt that was only few inches long. Then it hit her
just before his hand reached up between her thighs. She felt the canister she
had thrust up her own cunt. It didnt take long before the probing fingers
touched the plastic container. What does the puta have here? He asked as he
inserted a second finger and pulled the slimy black container out of her cunt.
Pam felt him wipe his fingers clean on her ass. Of course she had no idea what
it was nor what it might contain. All she could do was
remain standing with her legs spread. She wondered if her master had fucked up.
What would happen if it contained some illegal substance? You bring drugs into
our country puta? Pam did not reply. She felt his hand grasping the waistband
of her tiny skirt. With a quick tug the last small covering was torn from her
body. The startled girl jumped up but the guard struck her ass with something
round and hard as he told her to remain bent and with her legs spread. The blow
hurt like hell. Pam whimpered and immediately resumed the position but now left
with nothing but her heels on. The honking of the passing cars was almost
continues. What else are you hiding slut? he asked. As Pam tied to tell him
nothing, when she felt the wooden stick he had slapped her ass with at her cunt
lips. It felt like a police baton. He shoved it up into her. She fought to remain
still as he had ordered her but he kept pumping it in and out to of her cunt to
the hilt before saying nothing more was in her cunt. Lets check your ass. Pam
braced herself knowing what would happen next. He repeated fucking her ass with
the stick until she was moaning in pain.

&nbsp;

Senor, your slut here was hiding some drugs but I will make
you a deal. He said. Of course earlier when Trent and the guard were talking
all this was planned out. This was the border crossing lane Miguel had told Trent to use. The guard
was Miguels second cousin and was informed he would have the opportunity to humiliated an American slut today.

&nbsp;

So puta what do you say about these drugs you bring on
you?

&nbsp;

Pamela didnt know what to say. She knew if she implicated
master it could be very serious for her and yet if he was taken into custody,
she might be able to escape all this. The guard repeated his question. Pam
didnt know how to answer so she simply dropped to her knees in an act of
submission. Should I take this cunt to jail? he asked.

&nbsp;

Please, no. she whispered.

&nbsp;

He asked Trent
what he thought.

&nbsp;

Maybe this dope head slut can work a deal with you,
officer. Trent
replied.

&nbsp;

What do you say puta? the officer played along.

&nbsp;

Yes, please. Please let me suck you off or you can fuck me.
Anything. She begged.

&nbsp;

You stupid cunt. He snapped at
her suggestion. You think Id be stupid enough to let you get away with sexual
bribery right out here in the open. My bosses would know. I think fifty swats
on that white ass of yours for hiding drugs. He said and came down with the
club across her ass. Pam screamed and knew there was no way she could take 50
of those sever of blows.

&nbsp;

No, no. Please anything else. Please. She begged.

&nbsp;

Ok cunt. 10 on your ass and five to your
big tits. No more talk. Trent
nodded. His blindfolded slave obviously could not see his smile. 

&nbsp;

You listen to me bitch. You will hold your pose for each
blow. You will count each one and say loud that you are an American slut who is
sorry for trying to smuggle drugs into Mexico. If you do not present
yourself or do not say what I tell you, we will start over. Bend over slut.

&nbsp;

Pam was shaking as she bent as far as possible without
loosing her balance with her wrists cuffed behind her. Fear overwhelmed her but
she was also extremely embarrassed to be so exposed and about to be punished like
this out in the open.

&nbsp;

Trent
handed the guard a thick leather strap to use in place of the baton which would
damage his property too much. He knew the solid strap would still stink like
hell on her ass and tits but the blows would be more painful than damaging.
Then again he wasnt the naked girl about to endure such a beating.

&nbsp;

Wack ! The sound was so thunderous
it caught the attention of several teens across the street. One.
She choked out. This American slut is sorry for trying to smuggle drugs into Mexico.

&nbsp;

WACK! He hit her so hard she stumbled forward over the hood of
the car. Two. This American slut is sorry for trying to smuggle drugs into
Mexico. She cried. In just two lashes her ass was already on fire.

&nbsp;

Since she was blindfolded she had no idea hed come around
to her front and lashed out at her right tit. The pain to her tit was so
intense she dropped down and screamed. By this point the teens who were
watching from across the street had made their way to watch. Three.
This American slut is sorry for trying to smuggle drugs into Mexico.
she whimpered.

&nbsp;

No cunt. That is one for your tit. Now stand straight so
these kids learn what happens to an American slut who brings drugs into this
country. Pan stood up quivering as she awaited another blow. Hold out your
tits slut and tell your fellow Americans why you are being punished.

&nbsp;

This slut tried to smuggle drugs. She quickly said.

&nbsp;

It really didnt make sense to the group of American
teenagers. No one smuggles drugs into Mexico but they didnt care. Seeing
a hot body like Pams being beat was a once in a life time opportunity they
were excited to watch.

&nbsp;

Where was these drugs hidden slut? the guard asked. Trent was enjoying the
young girls pain and humiliation. He knew how
difficult it had to be to be naked on the street while accepting such a
punishment.

&nbsp;

I hid them up my pussy, sir.

&nbsp;

The two girls giggled and the boy whistled at her reply. The
guard did not wait. He struck her tit again. Pam screamed before announcing
again, One. This American slut is sorry for trying to smuggle drugs into Mexico. Wack. He struck her left tit. It took all her will power to
get up again and hold her chest out before announcing, Two. This American slut
is sorry for trying to smuggle drugs into Mexico.

&nbsp;

No you stupid cunt. That is one for your left tit. We have
to begin again.

&nbsp;

Pam began whimpering when she realized he intended on delivering
five more blows to each of her tits.

&nbsp;

The whipping continued. Left tit, right tit, ass, ass, right
tit, left tit, ass, ass, ass, ass. He varied his
target so she could not prepare herself in anyway for the pain. It took all her
will power to hold her tits out in terror.

&nbsp;

Finally it was done. Her tits were flaming red and her ass
glowed. The teens walked away commenting about the stupid bitch who was caught with drugs.

&nbsp;

Trent
pretended to thank the officer for being so lenient with her. He handed the
guard a hundred dollar bill and they shook hands. All this was going on
unbeknown to the naked, cuffed and blindfolded girl. Pam was shoved back into
the front seat and they pulled out of the border check point station area.

&nbsp;

They had driven several minutes before Pam even thought
about the fact she was now naked. With her tits and ass throbbing from the
beating she was just happy to be done with it all.

&nbsp;

Slave you did well back there. Trent matter-of-factly praised her. As a
slave you should expect to take many undeserved beating for your master or
mistress but I want to know why you did not attempt to point the finger at me? Trent asked.

&nbsp;

As she considered her answer, Trent noticed a deep blush which came to her
face. Pams answered delighted Trent.
I realized it might have been an opportunity for freedom but Id loose my
chance at getting back at fucken Aunt Susan. And to be honest I was scared to
do anything anyway. 

&nbsp;

Trent
laughed hard at her reply. He told her she was right to fear any form of insubordination.
Shed never know from now on who might be a chance at help or who might cause
her tremendous torture for he actions. Life would be a
little less painful if she just accepted her new status in life. But you have
earned yourself a reward. He told her. I will give you plenty of opportunity
to seek your vengeance on the woman who delivered you to me. Trent thought for a second and decided to add
more fuel to the fire of Pams loathing of her aunt. You know she plotted to
try and win my favor by not only giving up your uncle and all they owned but she
thought by offering you in her place she might be freed. Pam did not reply but
Trent could
tell by how she bit her lip she was fuming.

&nbsp;

Master my I please have my clothes back? the naked cuffed
girl asked.

&nbsp;

No. he simply relied quickly as they continued on their
journey.

&nbsp;

*** TO BE CONTINUED ***














CHAPTER 38
(A SLAVE CAN NEVER WIN)


When they were about a half mile out of town, Trent pulled the car over to the side of the road. Pam figured he was going to let her get dressed. There was no way for the young slave to know this region was unofficial slave country. Not only was her master not concern about her nudity but rather didn&#8217;t want to be perceived as being too lenient with his cunts.

But that wasn&#8217;t the reason he stopped. Trent ordered Pam to hand him his binoculars from the glove compartment. As soon as he said this, he remembered the hand gun he had there too. Of course, he had the gun&#8217;s clip in his pocket but he wondered what his supposedly faithful slave would do when she found it. Pam handed him the binoculars. She acted as if she hadn&#8217;t seen a gun. Trent focused on what looked like a naked woman pulling a cart about 200 yards off to his left. All the while he kept an eye on his slave. He knew she had to have noticed his automatic.

Trent smiled as he adjusted the binoculars. Sure enough it was his slave Susan. The powerful binoculars brought her clearly into a close up image. Trent could see her tits were tied or ringed so tightly that they were purplish and hard firm melons. Large swinging black ball weights hung from each tit. Her body was covered with sweat. Her ass and thighs were red and streaked with whip lines. What really looked painful was how cruelly her bound arms and wrists were forced high up her back by some poles which also looked to be attached in front to her nipples. It appeared no matter how she moved or stood she&#8217;d be pulling on or afflict some sensitive part of her body. He leaned a little forward and chuckled. It appeared something shoved up her ass too had a chain which was also pulled by the pivoting poles. In addition to the obvious pain she suffered understandable with all the restraints, he could see she struggled to pull the loaded cart which Juan was driving. Damn a sweating, straining, tightly bound slave&#8217;s body sure looks sweet. If only the damn politically correct world&nbsp; would accept this fact there might never be a war. Men would be too busy fucking cunt&#8217;s like that. He thought.

At just that moment, Trent saw Juan wheeled the whip at her tit., which he had been using on her ass. By swinging the thin whip sideways he could land a sharp lash across one or the other ballooning tit. Those whisks from the thin stiff buggy whip across her taunt tit clearly caught the pony slave&#8217;s attention as she seemed to put an extra effort in drawing cart. He watched as Susan tits caught a half dozen between them. The little bastard sure loves to hurt women. He said out load. Pam looked at what her master was looking at with some obvious trepidation.

Trent turned and looked at the slave sitting next to him. He was a little surprised to see she was simply sitting meekly with her hands in her lap. The gun was in the exact position he noted it was at when she open the glove compartment.

Slave would you like to see how your dear auntie has been spending her time relaxing down here?

Pam eagerly nodded yes. By this point she totally blamed her Aunt Susan for what had and would happen to her. She knew her life would never be the same again and it was all her aunt&#8217;s fault. 

Trent handed her the binoculars. The brutalization of what she saw must have shocked the young slave. Her mouth dropped open and she could not contain a gasp. Trent noted too what she saw probably frighten her unlike her aunt who would have been excited by seeing such a sight. Pam&#8217;s breathing increased the longer she watched. It was time for this slave to understand even though she thinks she&#8217;s his favorite, she must understand she is but a slut slave first and foremost.

Slave I am going to have to tie you and bring you into town properly. He informed her. It would not be good for me to be seen as being soft with any slave. You don&#8217;t want your master to be seen as weak, do you? Pam had no idea what she&#8217;d be agreeing to but knew the correct answer. Trent ordered out of the car. The first thing she discovered was how hot the sandy road felt on her bare feet. She hopped about and howled. Trent ignored her as he took some rope from the back seat.

In a matter of a few minutes, Pam&#8217;s wrists were tied behind her back and each of her tits were tied tightly at their base. It was the first time Trent had tied her new and improved tits. The already ultra sensitive tits became tight and hypersensitive. When she saw her master tying the lead from her tits to the back bumper of the car she panicked knowing what to expect next. It was no use complaining. She was doomed already.

Pam began panting as soon as Trent closed the car door. She wasn&#8217;t sure how fast he would go and if she could keep up. She only knew being towed by her own tits she&#8217;d have to try as hard as she could to keep up.

Perhaps it was because the bound slave was almost mesmerized at watching the lead rope first uncoil then become taut but even though Trent started slowly, Pam did not advance until she felt the yanking of her tits. She nearly tumbled over but caught herself and almost ran up to the bumper of the car in an over compensated response.

Trent kept an eye on her in the mirrors as he picked up the pace forcing her to trot to keep up. Occasionally her tits felt a lurching tug and at other times she was able to keep the tit leash slightly slack. Either way, Trent enjoyed watching her tits wildly bouncing as she ran. With her wrists tied behind her back she was a cunt/tit jogger. Nice, Trent thought as he applied a little more pressure to the accelerator. He heard his slave plead no. You would think she knew better than that by now. He went even a bit faster in response to her pleas. She was now in a full run in the heat of the dry desert. Petrified of falling and being dragged by her own tits, Pam forced herself to run as fast as she could in spite of the sting heat of the hot ground. 

The faster she ran, the faster master paced his car. Peassssss eeeee&nbsp; nooooooooo moooorree massssss&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ter. She frantically pleaded. 

Trent glanced up the road and spotted Miguel&#8217;s building. He checked his mirror. His slave was stumbling slightly as she began to tire but he wanted the men sitting outside of Miguel&#8217;s shop to witness his new slave&#8217;s grand entrance. This wasn&#8217;t the kind of grand entrance many young girls dream of. It wasn&#8217;t coming down a long stair case in a ball gown while being desired by the men below and envied by the women. Pam&#8217;s grand entrance was utterly naked, bound, exposed, sweating and humiliated. She can make it these last 50 yards Trent thought as he maintained his speed.

The men rose up as they noticed what the approaching car was towing behind it. Pam was nearly spent. The tit lead started jerking and tugging then slacking with every other stride.
When he stopped, Pam just dropped to the dirt road. She was panting heavily. All she could do was glance at the men who gather around her. Trent got out of the car and spoke to them in Spanish. Two of the men untied the tit leash from the bumper and lead her toward a water trough which a burro was taking a drinking from. Without the slightest concern for her as a woman, they tossed her into the trough of water. The water was dirty and swelled but it cooled her off quickly. She tied to get out but the men simply used their boots to kick her back into the water until her master emerged from the building with some other Mexican man who obviously gave an order for them to stop. The men pulled her up by her tit leads until she got to her feet. 

Miguel, if you will, make arrangements for this slave to join her tia (aunt) on the platform tonight. I do not want them to be able to talk with one another so do as you must so they can not communicate. Would you send someone to the boy, Juan and bring me the other cunt. I want to see how well she has been treated. He and Miguel both laughed at this. Then Trent spoke in Spanish so Pam would not understand. Oh, yes before I forget. I have this one&#8217;s uncle and the other slave&#8217;s husband in the trunk. I&#8217;m sure he will need attending to from riding in the truck in this heat.&nbsp; I do not wish him to be abused but secured until I call for him. Miguel agreed to everything.

Trent turned toward his dripping wet naked slave. Look at yourself cunt. You&#8217;re a fucken mess. I&#8217;m going to untie you. You will have ten minutes to straighten yourself up and make yourself into marketable stock. 

Pam nearly made the fatal mistake of question why he would do this to his favored slave. Instead she hurried and ran a comb though her wet hair and wiped off the caked on dirt from her feet, legs and anywhere else on her body. As she looked at herself in the cracked mirror, she saw how dark her tied tits had become. She struggled to untie the knots and remove each of the tit nooses so her breasts could return to their natural color.

The second she came out of the building, her master noticed her tit ropes were gone. Who the fuck told you to take the ropes off your tits? he shouted. Pam actually stepped back as she felt the full anger of her master&#8217;s in his voice. Her face went white. Miguel, those tit shackles I saw on the other slave do you have another set? Miguel told him he did and quickly ran into his shop and returned with steel bands that looked like oversize hand cuffs. Tighten them to the very tightest notch. When Miguel could not make the cuffs close any further than two notches away from maximum, Trent helped him. Pam cried so much they barely heard the last two clicks of the contracting steel cuffs ratchet close. The bands were now so tight that the metal nearly disappeared into the flesh of each swollen tit. Even if she was allowed, Pam could not catch her breath enough to speak. 

Trent knew this was a critical time in his overall plans for the Banks couple and their niece. The slightest hint of weakness could be a problem for him with so many strong dominate personalities in the town. Pam tried to convey a plea for compassion with her eyes but her master but would not show any mercy.

Hobble her ankles and connect the chain which links them together to each of her tit cuffs. Make this connection about 4 inches short so she can not fully stand straight and each step will tug down on her tits. He turned to one of the men who earlier tossed her into the trough. Trent handed him a twenty dollar bill. Run her down the main street several times. Then chain her outside Agony&nbsp; Inn. I&#8217;ll be there in an hour or two.

He turned toward his slave and began speaking English. Slave you know you earned punishment for what you did?

Yes, master but

Her three words merited her a hard slap across the face. Do not speak, cunt!

Pam dropped to her knees. I am sorry master. Please punish your favorite slave. She dared to suggest.

These men have their instructions. You will obey and do ANYTHING they demand of you. He stressed the word anything. You will not refuse ANYONE WHATEVER they want of you. Once more he stressed these words. Do you understand slave? 

Pam nodded with tears forming in her eyes. I will not fail your master. She whispered trying to hold back her tears.

Miguel held up the required ring gag for all slaves. Trent would have preferred she&#8217;d have to suck cocks willingly but rules are rules. But before this would adorn his young slave, Trent ordered her to give him a blow job. Pam could not understand why submissively sucking him off in front of everyone was extremely more embarrassing than normal. She would soon learn to get use to such public humiliation.

They buckled the gag on tight. As he examined his second slut offering, he couldn&#8217;t help but think to himself that this was the way a beautiful women should exist. With her cunt, ass and mouth easily assessable for cock and her tits firm and handy for play or pain. The ugly sluts could be used for hard work while slaves like Pan and her aunt should exist in a world that the word NO doesn&#8217;t exist. Go. He said and left her with these Mexican strangers.

For the next hour and a half, Pamela Powel did her best to offer herself willingly with as much eagerness as she could demonstrate. She took countless cocks in every hole as well as abuse from many men and women all with the mistaken hope that this would please her Master Trent so he would retain her as his chosen slave.

----

When Juan drove the pony slave, Susan, up to the shop, Trent and Miguel were sitting outside enjoying a couple cold cervezas. The suffering pony was delighted to see him. After a week down in this capital of sadism, she was convinced anywhere would be a step up from a life in this town. Her only hope was her master would sell her quickly to get her away from these people. In just the short week she knew no slave could ever do anything but earn more and more punishment. If she didn&#8217;t fuck or suck with enough enthusiasm she was punished. If she please the cock, then his wife or girl friend punished her for pleasuring him. Even the little children of the area knew how to hurt a woman terribly and at their early age they already considered a slave as less than the mongrel dogs that roamed the area.

Trent looked at his slave&#8217;s tortured tits and questioned whether or not such brutal torture might cause damage. Miguel reassure the slaver that Dr. Munos had been closely monitoring Susan&#8217;s abuse and assured him in spite of the tremendous pain she had and was now enduring, the doctor&#8217;s nightly examination confirmed her tits and nipples retained their firmness and normal blood flow and with some healing ointments over the night, her body was refreshed and capable for the next day&#8217;s abuse. 

This one suffers very well and takes much pain. Miguel told Trent. Many of the bar and ranch owners have been amazed at what she can tolerate with both suffering and cocks. Miguel laughed. This one, she not too popular with the women of the area because she drain all the cum from their men&#8217;s cocks. I think the boy had many hard times keeping the women from whipping her skin off her because she fucks so good.

Trent too had to laugh at the thought of poor Juan actually trying to limit the torture Susan received over the week.

Miguel tells me slave, that you have made many friends down here over the week. Do you think you know your place after all this?

Trent was surprised at her response. She stomped her foot several times, nodded yes and bayed like a horse. Juan snapped the reins and shouted, Pechos. Immediately, Susan twisted back and forth causing the heavy balls attached to her nipple rings to swing wildly. Trent could see how brutally this caused her nipples and tits to stretch until the command, down. Susan lowered herself and mercifully the heavy balls down to the ground where she squatted with her legs spread wide open and head down. This of course lowered the sulkie cart which Juan stepped down from. Buenos das, seor. Trent. The young boy said handing him his buggy whip in a gesture of ownership reorganization. 

Buenos dias, Juan. Trent, Miguel and Juan talked about his slave&#8217;s week. The slaver was very surprised at learning just how much she tolerated and yet attained many orgasms along with the suffering she endured. All the while as they talked, he watched his slave dealing with the torture of her tied arms to the poles cruelly wrenched up behind her back and how she fought to maintain some kind of a balance of pain between pulling up on her nipples in front and the aching in her arms and the hook up her ass behind her. She grimaced in agony yet maintained her squatting pose which lewdly displayed her wet and obviously aroused engorged cunt. Can&#8217;t get enough can you, cunt? You&#8217;re leaking with excitement right now. He said seeing a thread of cunt juice seeping from her spread lips.

Susan dared to look up at her master with a deep blush from his statement but her only reply was with her horse bay again.

Speak slave. He commanded.

Master this slut has been tortured a lot but she has also climaxed a lot too. I do not know what is wrong with me. It is very humiliating to be so exposed and seen by so many people like this.

Trent could tell his slave was weakening. Her legs were beginning to quiver in the squatting position and her arms were obviously beginning to give out on her as she fought a loosing battle to limit the upward draw of the harness pole&#8217;s chains to her nipples.

Does that hurt a lot slave? he questioned as he enjoyed the straining of her tone muscles. 

Yes master, very much so. She quickly replied in hopes of mercy. Please release me.

Trent smiled. I don&#8217;t think so slut. It is very amusing watching their teeter tottering effects on your ass and arms and tits. He turned toward Juan. Unhook her from the cart. I think this slut needs to thank Miguel for designing such an entertaining straining and taxing accessory. I think this slut will want to show her gratitude to Miguel for providing such a thoughtful gift.

Susan was soon on her knees sucking Miguel&#8217;s cock. Since the poles flairs apart in front of her in a V, all a man had to do was step between them and insert his dick in her mouth. As demanding of a task it was for the slave to bend forward and suck a cock, at least the heavy ball nipple weights rested on the ground. 

Susan heard her master speaking in Spanish with Juan while she sucked Miguel off. She knew they were talking about her but had no idea what about. Finally when Miguel shot his full load into her mouth and stepped back did Trent speak to her. Slave why have you been put through this week of punishment? he asked her. Even though only Susan and Juan knew she was completely innocent her only recourse as a slave was to reply so she&#8217;d suffer the least amount of punishment. If she tried to explain to her master that she lied about Juan being over powered by the Japanese men because she thought she was protecting the boy, she knew she&#8217;d be punished for lying to her master and of course by now she knew the sadistic boy would deny everything. Susan knew even if her master had doubts, he&#8217;d believe the boy over a slave and this would gain her much worse punishment. This slave failed you master by her reluctance on the slave platform last week. She continued with the least acceptable story. What she detested the most was the grinning boy who not only got away with his deception but showed her absolutely no mercy all week while being he charge. 

Juan had made his choice for your punishment. Trent began to inform her. Susan was about to complain. She&#8217;d had endured more agony in the last week than she ever had in her life but Trent noticed that she might object and raised his finger in a warning gesture. I have been informed there will be a slave gladiator contest tomorrow. Several tourist slaves were entered by their masters. These slaves and master are role players and it would be very disgraceful for your master if one of these phony sluts won the contest. I have decided to enter you and your niece into the contest. Only if you survive as the winner, will I absolve you of your punishment however to be fair to Juan I am allowing him to come up with one form of hindrance for you to bear to start out the competition with. Don&#8217;t you agree to be fair to the girl&#8217;s playing the role of a slave, a true pain slut like yourself would have too much of an edge against the likes of them?

Yes master. She replied but in her heart hated to have to agree to such a suggestion.

 If you fail to finish as the overall winner, you will suffer the contest&#8217;s consequences as well as Juan&#8217;s suggestion to a pubic fucking by El Largo. Susan knew he wasn&#8217;t giving her a choice but rather a decree. She was surprised to hear Pamela was down here too. She wondered about her husband&#8217;s well being too for the first time in over a week. I&#8217;m going to have Miguel release you. I have a surprise for you.

They untied her arms from the poles as well as removing the heavy nipple weights and the thick hook from her ass. For the first time in over 6 excruciating hours the blonde would not have to alter what part of her body would receive some form of pain.

 Her tit cuffs remained locked on her and of course there was no way of removing her nipple rings. Still such relief felt like heaven. She rubbed her aching joints and muscles for as long as they allowed her before securing a ring gag in her mouth. Finally she was taken into Miguel&#8217;s torture toy shop. Susan&#8217;s eyes widened when she spotted Bob locked in a hanging wire cage. He too was gagged. He had been secured and gagged the whole trip done in the trunk of Trent&#8217;s car. This was the first time the couple had seen each other in weeks but Bob had been firmly warn if he didn&#8217;t completely follow Trent&#8217;s orders regarding his behavior towards his wife and follow his instructions, he&#8217;d earn her a bull whipping to her tits after a bout with his bullet ants. Bob couldn&#8217;t imagine such a torture. On the other hand he had no idea what his wife had already suffered by the hands of this sadistic group. 

Bob kept telling himself in spite of how it may appear to his wife he had to show her resentment as instructed or she would suffer terribly.

Slave, I&#8217;m sure you recall how hard you often made you husband with you playful exploits as a slut. Well Bobby here has been cock entertained with all the videos of your training and I think it&#8217;s time you show him how much of a real slut you are. 

Bob was taken out of the cage and told to lie on a bench. Susan was ordered to bend over at the waist and begin sucking him off. While bent over she would take Trent up her ass and if she didn&#8217;t get him off before her husband came, there would be a price to pay.

Neither of the married couple, of course knew of two small details. The water Bob was first given when he was first released from the trunk of the car was laced with Viagra. This along with the fact he hadn&#8217;t come in days. Bob already was hard and oozing precum just waiting. Then there was the fact, Trent just fucked their niece before sending her on her way.

A slave can never win.

Obediently, Susan lowered her strained open mouth over her husband&#8217;s raging cock. She tried not to move her tongue much in hopes of not adding extra stimulation to his dick. Trent slipped his semi hard greased cock in her ass. It slid in easily after all the hours of housing the harness hook. Susan worked her hips and began fucking her master&#8217;s cock while attempting to slight the one in her mouth. 

Trent enjoyed his slave&#8217;s dilemma. She was eagerly fucking him in hopes her efforts would get him off while attempting to rebuff her own husband&#8217;s pleasure. On the other hand, she felt her husband&#8217;s cock growing with arousal. Of course she thought it was because he enjoyed his wife being fucked by another man right in front of him.

Bob began shooting his load just as Trent was getting hard again. He felt his slave&#8217;s ass opening contracting around his dick while moaning in obvious arousal. Soon Susan was lost in her own body&#8217;s needs. She fucked back on the dick in her ass while fanatically sucking on her husband&#8217;s cock. Bob could not hold back nor cared anymore who he was face fucking. He shot his load not down his wife&#8217;s throat but in this slut slave&#8217;s mouth. 

Trent had won again. He smiled at his slave&#8217;s husband and began to fuck his slave in earnest. While holding her head down on Bob&#8217;s spent cock. He wanted the two of them to experience him fucking her now that they knew, a slave can never win.

*** TO BE CONTINUED ***












CHAPTER 39
( BOB LEARNS HIS WIFE&#8217;S ROLE )

Trent was up to his old tricks again. First he had threaten Susan with punishment if she didn&#8217;t get him off before her husband which she was both sucking Bob off and being fucked up the ass by her owner. With her husband laced with Viagra and Trent having just fucked her niece not long before hand, once more his slave was doomed.

For her failure, Trent ordered one of the men to go with the slut slave&#8217;s husband who will be leading his wife on a leash and offering her cunt, ass and mouth in that order to any non-slave man or woman at the town&#8217;s bars. Bob was not allowed to speak other than propositioning his wife&#8217;s assists. 

They went from bar to bar where Bob practically begged everyone and anyone they encountered to fuck his slut wife and let her suck their dicks dry. If she didn&#8217;t drain fifty cocks by her scheduled slave platform slave service time, Trent told Bob her additional punishment would be on his hands. 

Bob had not physically seen his wife in weeks. The videos of her punishments and session didn&#8217;t give him the total concept of just how much his wife could and was enduring. He was appalled at all the whip marks over her body but was even more shocked at whatever they had done to her nipples. The metal rings attached to her swollen nipples were obvious constant torture to her.

What Bob could not realize was that although her augmented nipples were extremely sensitive, they were also a source of constant stimulation to the naked slave. It was true because of there abnormal size her nipple rings often attached a lot of attention and abuse but oh how it so often made her cunt wet too.

Susan knew nothing about Trent&#8217;s promise of additional punishments to her if Bob failed to get fifty dicks into her. What she was experiencing was her husband, who she had not seen or spoken to since her kidnapping, offering her to men and calling her a fucking slut. If there was only some way to let him know just how bad the punishments could be if she didn&#8217;t obey and satisfy each and everyone her master ordered her to service. She knew she was being watched and judged closely so in spite of acting as the eager slut in the presents her husband, she went about her duties as required.

Most of the men were eager to fuck someone&#8217;s wife in front of the husband. It was actually not at all uncommon for a dominate husband, or wife for that much, to bring their spouse down here to have them gangbanged and used by other. What was unheard of was this slave was for sale too. The added excitement was from the rumors that the man holding this slave&#8217;s leash wasn&#8217;t in full agreement with the whole set up. 

As Bob went from stranger to strange offering her to them, Susan began wondering if this was his way of payback for her getting them and Pamela into this mess. She wondered if he knew of her master&#8217;s intentions of actually selling her soon. Could this be Bob&#8217;s way of getting final revenge for her sins? The few times she briefly dared to glance up at her husband as he offered her ass to yet another man, she wasn&#8217;t sure if his expression was one of disgust for her or shame. She never had much time to determine this as cocks kept reaming her ass or shoved in her face.

The man in charge of watching over Bob and Trent&#8217;s slave was often offered drinks by the patrons who got to fuck the blonde American slave. The more he drank the more he used a short whip on Susan&#8217;s ass to either hurry her along on her hands and knees to the next bar or just for fun on her tits as she was being fucked by someone. Bob often flinched at just how hard his blows rained down on his wife&#8217;s naked flesh. The snapping of the braids was followed by a crush splattering of her tit&#8217;s or ass&#8217; flesh. Susan often moaned or cried but fought to concentrate on whatever task she was doing. Bob stared at how repeated blows to an area began bruising and welting. When they were struck Susan jerked even more uncontrollably.&nbsp; Bob wanted so much to grab the whip from the bastard and pick up his wife off her hands and knees and run away with her but he knew is was useless. Not only would his actions gain her even crueler tortures but probably his niece too, where ever she was at that moment.

---
Pam did not feel very much like anybody&#8217;s favored slave at the moment. Her tits locked in the extremely restrictive metal tit cuffs had turned a dark purplish color and had become so sensitive that even a breeze felt a little bit like they were being sliced by the little gusts. This added to the fact that the slightest jiggle hurt terribly but of course it was her new large tortured tits which attracted a lot of attention along with her gagged offering of herself. Pam learned with the ring gag locked in her mouth, men would use her mouth not only to pleasure their cocks but to relieve themselves too. At first she tried pulling away from a stream of piss but this got her a beating that convinced her even the pungent smell and taste of someone&#8217;s piss was better than a repeat of added punishments.

However it was at this point in time, when a certain well dressed, very young, dark complexion guy spotted her as they came into yet another bar. Pam made the biggest mistake of her life. The young man, who had to be even younger than Pam herself, gave her handler some money just before grabbing Pam&#8217;s leash and began slapping her tits with the palm of his hands. Pam&#8217;s reaction was to pull away. She discovered she was stronger than this boy.&nbsp; However, her instinctive defensive reaction pulled the rope leash through his hands which caused a rope burn and cunt. The reaction of anyone who saw this told Pam this was not good. Even several of the burly intimidating men actually looked shock and stood silently as someone quickly came to attend to the boy&#8217;s wounded hand while two huge, hooked nose men grabbed her arms and held her.

The well dressed boy screamed something in a foreign language and the bar owner approached. Who&#8217;s slave are you? the owner asked before repeating the question in Spanish to the man with her. 

I am Master Trent&#8217;s favored slave. Pam replied boldly not wanting herself to be confused with any of the other lowly slaves of this town like her Aunt Susan.

The boy stepped forward and slapped her tit so hard with his uncut hand that Pam was close to blacking out from the single blow. You are an American, no? he asked with a kind of snarl. 

Pam now, feeling just how vulnerable she was in this situation answered without the attitude. Sir, yes sir. I am an American but I am not like any of the slave&#8217;s for sale. I am Master Trent&#8217;s favored slave.

The teenage boy&#8217;s laugh at her statement and tore into Pam as she was held naked with her very dark purplish tits rising and falling with her nervous panting. Every cunt here is for sale for the right price. He retorted. I could buy the Regional Territorial Governor&#8217;s wife for the right price, slave. Your Master Trent&#8217;s favored tit slave could be had in a matter of minutes if I wanted such a worthless slave as the likes of you. His laughing at her and the arrogant teenage boy&#8217;s posture just upset Pamela Powers.

It was one thing to be in her situation servicing and being looked upon by older mature men. In a bizarre way it was almost flattering, if many of the things which happen to her didn&#8217;t end with some sort of disgusting torment but to have to try and pretend she was a lowly slave to a boy younger than herself was too much for the beautiful smug girl. His touch of her wet cunt was the straw that broke the camel&#8217;s back. Don&#8217;t touch me you little bastard. She yelled even before considering what and whom she was talking to.

Unfortunately for any slave in this town whether one with her husband role playing or even a supposedly a favored slave of a slaver, refusing anything along with insubordination would not and could not be tolerated. The bar&#8217;s owner told Pam&#8217;s handler to go get Trent Williams. Meanwhile the slave was positioned under a pulley in the center of the bar and its rope tied to the center links of Miguel&#8217;s tit cuffs. Pam&#8217;s screams could be heard outside the bar as she was pulled up by her tits, turning slowly as she hung completely by her tits.

The teenage boy was handed a soft multi-thong breast whip which he immediately handed to one of the two huge goons who was there to obviously assist him in any way possible.

The teen gave some command in a language other than Spanish and the thug began whipping each of Pam&#8217;s tits which by this point were nearly black from loss of blood as she hung from them.

Pam&#8217;s screams were loud and long. No one in the place could know the young girl&#8217;s tits, which were artificially augmented, were already extra sensitive from the injections. This coupled with the extreme pain any woman would feel from being hung by her tits was unbearable. Well, unbearable in the sense it was extremely torturous however a tied hung slave has no choice but to endure everything others want to suffer.

It took about 15 lashes before the young slave passed out. The whole time, the dark complexion teenage boy simply stood before the pleading flailing victim and looked her in the eyes whenever she was not screaming her head off. 

It didn&#8217;t take Trent long before he arrived at the bar, however his slave had already passed out and was lowered to the floor. Trent and the young man spoke at a table near the unconscious slave who was being worked on to revive her.

Pam awoke into a world of pain. Her breasts were on fire. Although she was no longer hanging from them, the exceedingly restraining cuffs were still locked at the base of each tit which were now covered with thin red lines etched into each tit. Trent kicked his slave&#8217;s ass. Crawl to Prince Aber and lick his boots to apologize for your actions slut.

The suffering slave knew she was in real trouble and did her best to comply by using her tongue to clean the teenage boy&#8217;s half boots. It was a disgusting act, a humiliating act, to do this with everyone in the place watching her willing pay homage to someone&#8217;s boots while knowing it was because she wasn&#8217;t subservient enough to just allow anything to be done to and with her body. Her owner&#8217;s body to be more correct. 

Ever since Pam had, sort of, accepted her captivity as being real, things in her life changed. She began fantasizing about the possibilities of slavery, a slavery as she imagined it. She envisioned nights with a lot of fucking, perhaps some spankings and playful chastisements. But that sort of life was in store for the slave girls and wives down here that were just role playing, not for a genuine slave property like Pamela Powel. 

The still woozy slave barely heard her master explaining how this slut was not trained nor broken as a slave. The boy replied that this was good. It made the white cunt blush with shame which was good too.

Pam so badly wanted to apologize to her master for her actions and get back into his good graces but she knew better than to speak. The slave just continue licking the boots before her. This was her only purpose. She was a non-participant while her master and the teen spoke of her as some flawed object at their feet.&nbsp; 

The final act of degradation was when the boy raised up his boot, looked at it and simply kicked the naked girl away from him. Pam went sprawling on the dirty bar floor. Everyone was looking down at her nakedness but there was not the lust in their eyes but rather the looks of disgust. 

Pam made a move to get up but she was forced back down to the floor when one of the men simply placed his foot on her shoulder to hold her down. The boy stood up and kicked Pam&#8217;s legs apart, exposing her even more lewdly and shamefully. The teen worked the tip of his boot slightly between Pam&#8217;s open cunt. The fought her own&nbsp; instincts so as not to show the slightest objection with his action. Fuck my boot, American slut, until you cum for all to see what a whore you are.

Pam was utterly humiliated as she began to gyrate her hips against the sole of his boot. People once more began to talk and laugh as they watched the slave work hard at getting herself off under such circumstances. The girl had to tune it all out&nbsp; in order to concentrate on her actions. It took awhile before she finally came to the point of climax and once in the thaws of her orgasm, the teen kicked her squarely between her open thighs before turning and leaving her on the floor squirming in her climax.

When it was over, Trent ordered the man he had placed in charge of his slave to remove her from the bar. The naked girl crawled on all fours across the bar room floor. Both men and the few non-slave women who where there, took the opportunity as she crawled through the crowd, to slap her ass, pinch her nipples or shove a finger up her open cunt. Never before had Pam felt such humiliation as they laughed at her situation. Everyone knew she was in trouble and would be punished soon. The slow crawl among normal people, fully clothed people, enjoying her humiliation gave the young slave a whole new perspective of what sort of life may be in store for her.

----

As for Susan, her attitude as a slave had already changed dramatically over the past terrifying week in this Mexican town. She did everything she could to please and obey each and every man, woman or child who demanded anything of her. This was all done in the presents of her husband, who understood the situation but was still shocked at just how compliant and zealous his once sexually tentative wife was conducting herself. There was no way for the often caged, Bob Banks, to know that his loving wife had painfully learn time and time again how just the slightest of a violation could merit her brutal punishments. As a slave here, even if she did everything perfect, it was possible to receive punishment just because the men wanted to see her suffer.

But to Bob, he saw his beautiful blonde wife eagerly sucking cocks and balls, licking and kissing each dick fervently. When fucked, she not only readily open herself but fucked back like a crazed nymphomaniac on uppers and then begged to clean the cock that fucked either her cunt or ass. Could this be his Susan?

Both Susan and Pam spent 4 hours on the slave platform in the park that evening being fucked, whipped and sucking cocks. Both wore ring gags so they could not communicate with each other however, Susan did notice the hateful looks her niece would give her while she was being abuse. Susan knew it was her fault her niece was in this situation however by this point she was beyond simple guilt. Her niece&#8217;s, her husband&#8217;s and of course her own life was changed forever and she was in no position to change any of the past. All she could do was hope to make the next day, hell more like the next hour or next few minutes, slightly easier for them and hopefully her self too.

Just before being released for the night, several of the town&#8217;s women came upon the slave platform. Susan remembered a couple being extremely sadistic with her days before hand. Pam watched in both horror and with her own bit of vindictive satisfaction as theses women attached the dreaded bowling ball size weight to Susan&#8217;s nipple rings which stretched her over size nipples drastically downward before using a small cane to target the extended tits and nipples.

Susan&#8217;s cries and the women&#8217;s laughter was heard down the street. American slut, you have no idea just how much pain you have in store for the rest of your life. You better learn to love such pain because you will get more of this than the pleasure you get from fucking our men&#8217;s cocks. One of them said as they took turns caning the tender nipples and tits until there was no place on them that wasn&#8217;t severely bruised.

Once the women left the stage, Pam looked at her aunt&#8217;s bruised and swollen nipples. As a women Pam felt empathy knowing how horrible they had to feel but as a slave in her position, a position her aunt put her in, she also enjoyed seeing the heavy weight slowly swaying from her aunt&#8217;s tits. She waited all day to see this bitch suffer.

Both slaves were taken from the stage by different handlers. Pam went with some man who locked her in a cage behind Miguel&#8217;s warehouse while Juan came for Susan but with special instructions from Trent. 

-------

Trent and Juan agreed tomorrow&#8217;s loser just had to be the slut Susan but Miguel informed Trent that once all the gladiator slut slave&#8217;s were in the arena nothing could be done in order to fix the fight. However he informed them, that is not to say an exhausted slut or a slut weaken by hours or perhaps a whole night of fucking could not be entered into the contest.

Their plans for Susan&#8217;s night along with Juan&#8217;s promised choice of an encumbrance for the punished slave should be assurance enough for Susan Bank&#8217;s date with El Largo.

The plan was quit simple. The fucking American slut slave would be obligated to live up to this name. Juan had solicited the eager assistance of a few of the resentful town wives. All Susan would be required to do would be to fuck herself upon a thick knobby dildo set in the floor of Miguel&#8217;s warehouse. They said if the slut likes fucking down here in Mexico so much they would give the whore a chance to do so all night. Of course there were a few little additions to her fucking requirement. 

The moment Susan and Juan entered the back room of Miguel&#8217;s warehouse Susan tensed with apprehension while her pussy almost instantly began to mushroom&nbsp; and open like a flower greeting the morning sun. Over the past weeks, Susan Banks had never felt such betrayal by her own body. With weeks of experience she easily could guess any kind of contraption with electrical wires and chains attached to it along with a thick knobby cruel looking dildo topping it meant more pain and yet her slut cunt seemed to be begging to mount and fuck it. Even her permanently hard nipples swelled even more. Whatever anticipation Susan might have had for a little rest looked to be hopeless. If she only knew just how right she was.

Standing next to the machine was one of the women she had encountered a few times over the week. She held a soft whip in her hand. The slave immediately resigned herself to accepting yet another whipping.

By the time Juan, with the assistance of the town woman, secured Sue upon the device, she already realized things would be worse than she&#8217;d thought. What she didn&#8217;t know is a slave like her could never know just how brutal they could be to such a slave.

The thick knobby dildo pulled, stretched and jammed into her cunt as she lowered herself down. It was painful enough with the 6 inched which impaled her but this was just the start. Juan attached thin cable lines to each of her nipple rings then led these lines down to rings she had not noticed imbedded into the floor boards. Both Juan and the women pulled on these lines forcing Susan to lower herself as much as possible to compensate for the downward tug of her nipples. With the dildo shoved deep with her cunt and the cables drawn directly downward rather then slightly outwards, Sue could not simply bend forward to relieve the tug of the cables but rather was forced to squat awkwardly.

Once the cables were secured in place Juan moved behind the slave and positioned some kind of rings on the pole that held the dildo. He showed the woman something and was obviously explaining how it worked while he locked the slaves wrists into cuffs behind her back.

The woman came in front of the American slave and spoke English to her. Slut you like to fuck so much we figured it was time we fucked you. The cock in your dirty American cunt represents all our men&#8217;s cocks you took from us this week. And it will be a reminder of how we can make you pay in the future for stealing our men&#8217;s cum. This you say is not fair. That is not to matter. A slave here is less than one of the bitches roaming the street and yet you dare fuck our men. Hear me well slave. No one here cares the slightest what you might think is fair. You will be used as each feels they want. If our men want to fuck the slut they will and if we want to make you pay for taking their cum then you damn well will feel our fury for existing as a fuck slave. Then there are others like Juan here who will enjoy just giving you pain. It is all as it should be.

Susan tried not to show her fear at what she was hearing. She knew there would never be a day here where a slave could win. Thank goodness with Trent ready to sell her, they would be leaving this depraved place soon.

Juan went to some sort of control box on the wall and turned a mechanical timer. Once more Susan felt the sting of zapping electricity within her cunt. She screamed but saw little way to avoid the jolting zaps. Listen to me cunt. The woman screamed above Susan&#8217;s moans and cries. There is only one way to stop the electricity shooting up into your cunt and that is to rise up on the cock inside of your cunt. When you reach a point, it will turn off anywhere from 15 seconds up to 2 minutes

Susan painfully pulled herself up which of course made her tug on her own nipples even more as she did so. Just as the woman explained, the torturous power stopped when she rose up a meager 3 inches. Meanwhile her tits and nipples were stretched downward as much. Susan once more spread her legs to lower herself to a point where she was not tugging on her own nipples.

Juan gave his adios, smiled at the blonde slave and left. He has locked the control box with his key. No one can stop the timer. She said just before another jolt sparked with Susan&#8217;s cunt. This time she immediately lifted up to stop the terrible pain. The woman waited until the slave stopped her whimpering before continuing. Now that your cunt is full as you like it, start fucking or I will use this to help you. She said holding the whip before Susan.

Susan did her best to comply and started fucking the thick knobby cock. The cables and restraints prevented her from being able to stand completely straight. She&#8217;d have to rely on holding herself up with her leg and thigh muscles in a wide squatting position but within a few minutes her hunched legs and thighs already were beginning to burn from the strain. 

By fifteen minutes the slave could not determine what hurt more, the electrical shocks up and through her cunt, the yanking and pulling on her nipples and tits or her aching leg muscles. Suddenly another form of pain exploded across her ass. Swish, splat. The woman behind her began beating the American slut&#8217;s ass as she shriek at the slave about how she stole her husband&#8217;s cum the last several night. With everything else, Susan&#8217;s ass received perhaps 20 or 30 lashes before the thick leather strap was tossed on the floor before the first of several infuriated women of the town had gotten her frustrations out on the blonde slave.

Over the next 6 hours, 8 more wives or girl friends added their layer of revenge not only to her ass but thighs and tits all the while she was forced to deal with Juan&#8217;s torture too. 

***** TO BE CONTINUED ****









CHAPTER 40
( BIG TIME LOOSER&nbsp; )

It was a little after 5 in the morning when Miguel came in to check on Trent&#8217;s slave. The woman who was tormenting her at the time informed Miguel the slave was very unresponsive to either any sexual stimulation or punishment pain. She was no fun at all.

Miguel called for Juan to unlock Susan and to chain her by the ankle in the last lower stall of the barn. He Juan to her sleep until noon before getting her ready for the gladiator contest. There was little reason, other than the fact Susan Banks was a lowly slave, to chain her in the stall. After hours of holding herself spread open and in a painful semi-squatting position, Susan could not even stand up let alone run away. Her calves and thigh muscles were staining for hours while her cunt was rammed raw by the large dildo. She couldn&#8217;t even walk to the barn where they dropped her upon the mule piss saturated straw floor. The way the animal stalls were laid out, the lower last stall was the drainage point in the barn. Both horse and mule piss and shit would be flushed and drained down in that direction. Besides the overpowering stench at the basin, there were hundreds of biting flied about. Normally every morning an attendant hosed out the trough where the waste built up, however, for their special guest, they had planned on using this last stall as the blonde slave&#8217;s boudoir so they let 3 days of build up occur. This was why the hay in the last stall was so soaked with waste. The back up drain was directly under this slave animal bedding. 

Of course all of this was done to make the slave as humiliated and uncomfortable as possible. In spite of the vile conditions, Susan fell asleep in minutes.

---

Things varied for the other contestants from being fucked by their husbands or boy friends to simply being exposed naked once more to any patron at the ranches they may have been staying at. Compared to her aunt, Pam had an easy time of her night and morning. She did sleep in a cage but wasn&#8217;t bothered other than by her own thoughts from the day before and how she could make thing up to her master.

She was taken from the cage at about 8:30 AM and given a light breakfast before giving blow jobs to Miguel, Miguel&#8217;s cook, Juan and Roberto before spreading herself open for her Master&#8217;s morning fucking. The gag assured she could not speak but she was sure his mood was better than yesterday. He eagerly fucked her tight cunt before getting up and leaving her cuffed to the bed.

At least, Pam felt she and not her Aunt Susan got her Master&#8217;s sperm this morning.&nbsp; Pam laid cuffed to her bed an just imagined her aunt was probably fucking half the town&#8217;s men or something like that. The slut deserves whatever she gets. She thought to herself.

------

Even in a town filled with kinky couples and sadistic guest and locals, the type of slave gladiator day which was planned for this day, was somewhat a special treat. Often when kinky couples came down their might be cat fights set up between two or possibility three submissive but today there would be a total of 8 female participants. It was said they were randomly paired up in teams, however Susan and her niece were deliberately paired as a team. This made for an interesting dilemma for Pam. She was told she needed to win to gain favor back with Master Trent but she also wanted her aunt to be the first one out so she would have to suffer what everyone was calling the fate of El Largo, whatever that was. She gave it a lot of thought and decided if she could please her master then perhaps he would still allow her to punish her aunt before he sold the old bitch. Her only concern was whether or not her aunt could compete with any other younger slaves like herself.

Pam felt much better about their chances when she first saw the remaining 6 women. One was a small Vietnamese girl perhaps not much more than 5 foot and weighing maybe a hundred pounds. Teamed with her was chunky black woman who was sweating like a pig in the already 88 degree morning heat. The next team consisted of a woman perhaps older than her Aunt Susan. Her husband or male friend didn&#8217;t seem to care much about the contest other than getting pictures of her in the game. Coupled with her was a slim tall girl who apparently couldn&#8217;t speak English. The last team maybe some competition for Pam and her aunt. Both girls gave the appearance they might be lesbos. They actually entered themselves in the competition. One was obviously the dominate of the couple but they seemed more interested in playing with each other than doing any real combat.

Pam hadn&#8217;t as of yet seen her aunt. Miguel said something about the lazy sow was sleeping in her pig pen but would be ready when the contest would begin. First however all of the slave&#8217;s masters, or in the case of the lesbos, the mistress, had to come up with an agreed upon hindrance for all the entered contestants and then in what order to use the selected restraints and/or burdens imposed for the loosing team of each round.

To most of the play acting doms, the town chosen round loser implements seemed pretty nasty but in the end all the doms signed the so called official agreement forms which in the eyes of the locals, as well as regional officials, was a binding agreement that their slaves would compete fully in the contest and punishments for the day.

The rules were pretty simple. 

The slaves would be naked except for any designated incumbencies.

They would fight in the enclosed courtyard with no specific limitations on style or methods.

Each gladiator would be given a surrender ball to be held in one hand.
 
The first slave to yield her surrender ball would be the round&#8217;s overall loser but for the team to loose, they had to defeated both team slave&#8217;s.
 
Every surrendering slave would get an added hindrance to endure into the next round. Obviously the first one to surrender would merit the worse encumbrance and she would also be given 10 demerits.

Even the gladiators who won would try to avoid gaining demerit as the demerits would become the number of lashes each of the slave participants would receive by the lotto winners later that evening.

The gladiators began to don their master&#8217;s chosen obstacle. The lezbo team wore extremely tight corsets and high heels. To most people of this heartless community, corsets were hardly considered a burden unless you tried to do strenuous activity like fighting in a contest for the skin of your ass. Reluctantly it was accepted.

The second team, was the other older submissive and the slight European girl. The older slave had a butt plug shoved up her ass and strapped in place while her teammate&#8217;s dom chose for his slave to wear a head harness with a large dildo shoved down her throat. It was later learn Joanna was brought here this weekend to break her reluctance of sucking any cock before her. The small Asian girl, was made to wear 6 inch spiked heals. She had difficulty enough walking in them let alone being able to show the least bit of agility in them. Her partner, the heavy set black woman, had a small spiked balls hanging from her already pierced cunt lips. She walked bowlegged to avoid the sharp spikes. Pam a was relieved when she saw this since the heavier woman might have been a physical presences which she&#8217;d have to deal with.

Finally Miguel came out with her impediment. It was the pair of tit cuffs she was forced to endure all the day before but with an added twist. There was a chain linked to the middle of the tit cuff&#8217;s links which had a hook on the end. They bent Pam at the waist and moved the chain and hook between her legs and worked the end of the hook up into her asshole. When she stood straight, the chain pulled uncomfortably. 

All the contestants wrists then were cuffed behind their backs. The owners and masters wanted a cunt fight but without the bitch&#8217;s talons available to them.

It wasn&#8217;t until, they brought the slut slave Susan Banks into the prepping area, that Pam began to worry about her team&#8217;s chances.

Not only did they secure Susan&#8217;s tits in cuffs with the ass chain like Pam was restrained in but her aunt had a pair of 6 inch iron rings hanging from her nipples rings and unlike any of the other contestants, her wrists were first cuffed in front, then pulled up over her head and another chain ran down her back and was connected to the ass hook. This forced her to stand absolutely straight.&nbsp; Any turning of her upper body made her tits pull on the chain in front and her wrists pulled on the same hook from the cuffed wrists held behind her upper back. She was whimpering as she moved mainly because her ass hook was hollowed out with small holes drilled in the tube. The hooked tube was then filled with the region&#8217;s strongest jalapeo peppers ground up so they would slowly ooze out into the slave&#8217;s asshole. All this along with her stiff sore muscles and joints from her night long ordeal made her stagger wearily into the room. Pam immediately knew her fucken aunt would be of&nbsp; little help in this bizarre combat. 

She went up to her aunt, who was barely focusing on what her niece told her. You listen to me cunt. You might enjoy all this pain shit but I intend on winning to make my master proud of me so you better do your part. So help me if you fuck with me, I&#8217;ll make sure you suffer more than a few little restraints making you uncomfortable.

Sorry, sorry for everything. Was all Sue could get out before they were hustled to a door which led to the courtyard where the fight would take place.

It was a perfect day for a cunt gladiator fighting. In just the short staging time the temperature had risen to the upper 90s. The sun was baking the sandy grounds. The town&#8217;s people knew any slave knocked to the ground would be in for an additional treat. First the sand was as hot as any beach any of these cunts might have ever encountered so when one of these pampered bodies hit the ground it would feel like they were tossed into a frying pan. And besides enjoying the look of sex glistening bodies in battle, that perspiration will also gather sand. And make their soft indulged skin feel like sand paper.

The slaves were finally paraded out into the court. They were positioned in a circle which was about 50 feet in circumference. Each team member stood across from one another as Miguel read the rules to the crowd sitting in the raised shaded areas all around the court yard. All the girls had the feel this was how it felt to be in the coliseum with everyone hoping to witness their elimination in the most painful and humiliating fashion.

As the naked women stood in the blazing heat, it was obvious to all of them just which one was the weakest contestant. Attacking the most vulnerable would be the most obvious strategy. It would leave only her team mate to conquer if they could dispose of her quickly.

A gun shot singled the start of the fight. A fight performed with naked bodies ramming into one and other along with kicking and whatever other way one of the fighters might gain an advantage.

Apparently the six opposing gladiators had the same idea. They all went for Sue, who was surrounded immediately. Pam&#8217;s only prospects was to try and keep as many of the half dozen away from her aunt.

She went after the skinny European girl and easily managed to cut her out of the attacking bodies. The crowd loved the action. Often times at these events, slaves would jockey for position and not let anyone get near them but these bitches were attacking the cunt that the town women loathed with a passion.

In Susan&#8217;s conditions and with such odds, it didn&#8217;t take long for the 4 girls attacking her to knock her to the ground while Pam was hoping to get an easy victory over the skinny bitch. What she did not anticipate was her partner coming to her rescue. With her full attention on her attack, she never saw the heavy set black girl charging her. In one quick collision, Pam went flying.

Meanwhile the 4 remaining women assaulting Susan quickly realized just how much of a disadvantage Sue had with the 6 inch nipple rings. Even with limited use of their cuffed wrists, two of the women placed a foot through each of the rings pinning Susan down to the ground by her own nipples. This made it easy for the two lesbians with their spiked heels to go to work on Susan&#8217;s most sensitive areas of her exposed body.

Sue held out enduring the pain as long as she could until it became so unbearable she finally cried out her submission. Pam cursed her aunt&#8217;s failure knowing the consequences.

A defeated and weaken Susan Banks laid on the ground as the balance of the women knew it best to join forces and defeat the other teammate. Pam got a few good kicks and knee blows at both the heavy black woman and her partner until the swarm of other joined in. Twice she was able to break away from the group but with so much energy spent eventually Pam too surrendered.

As the remaining contestants surrendered one by one, Susan already knew she was the one doomed today. In spite of the fact, they were all suppose to be submissive slaves competing in a bizarre competition, Susan discovered even fellow submissive can be cruel and sadistic when they get a taste of power over another woman. Round after round&nbsp; her additional encumbrances added up.&nbsp; All the others, including her niece, took special delight not only in defeating her but did so in as painful of a manor as was possible. The huge nipple rings were used to immobilize her but they would slowly increase her suffering as she struggled to hold out. Why she didn&#8217;t know. Perhaps it was because of some still guilt about her niece&#8217;s fate but Susan endured as much pain as she could stand before finally succumbing first in each of the rounds. Unfortunately for Pam she came down second in 4 out of the six rounds.

By the end of the contest, Susan just laid on the hot gravel. Her body was covered with sweat and dirty. She cringed at hearing the announcement that she would receive 60 lashes for the demerits she earn as well as her date with El Largo. The crowd cheered her sentencing. All Susan could think of was to try and endure this day and night no matter how terrible the things she had in store before leaving with Master Trent to go back to her cell back in the states and await her sale. How things have changed. She was actually looking forward to being sold and being done with these sadistic people.

Susan laid wheezing on the ground in pain from the beating of the contest along with the many added restraints she earned, her niece walked up to her and kicked her between her parted legs as viciously as she could. Susan jolted up and screamed. 

You fucken cunt. Pam screamed. You couldn&#8217;t even do this one thing to help me back in my Master&#8217;s good graces. I hope what they have planned for you is as humiliating and painful as they are saying. Pam repeated her kick with the cheers of those still standing around the court yard.

*** TO BE CONTINUED ****









CHAPTER 41 

( WELCOME TO THE REST OF YOUR LIFE )

The most horrible wave of shame filled Bob as he sat in the company of some of the town&#8217;s women who were cheering while watching his wife&#8217;s sweaty body being stretched, stomped and pummeled upon out on the hot courtyard ground. The short leg tether she earn as another constraint after round 3 left her nearly totally helpless in the competition. Even a slight bump and Sue would stumble with no way of catching herself. Once on the ground, someone&#8217;s foot would step on one of the large nipple rings holding her down. After that it was a simple matter of another contestant placing her foot through the other ring and simply using their feet and legs they&#8217;d pull on Susan&#8217;s augmented and sensitive ringed nipples. Even a slave like Susan Banks who had endure so much over the past week could only handle so much pain to such a sensitive part of her body. During the final three rounds her fellow competitors actually prolonged the time of her torture before forcing her to give up. They would kick and pull her tits or force her legs open while a well placed spiked heel would grind away at her clit or ram up into her cunt but to the delight of the crowd they would keep her at a high pain threshold then back off slightly.

It was during these times, that one or another of the town women would begin playing with Bob&#8217;s cock either with her hand or lips.&nbsp; They kept him at a heighten state of arousal while they all watched his beautiful wife thrashing about in pain. True, he was cuffed and helpless but Bob could not help feeling ashamed to be so highly aroused by this stimulation but even more so by what he was watching. Over the course of the competition they managed keep Bob hard and excited for the full hour plus competition as well as bring him to two powerful climaxes. Something he never had achieved during any romantic sessions in bed with his wife. 

Bob knew watching the female slut slave&#8217;s efforts to fight and being beaten into painful submission was a titillating realization. Only after coming down from the sexual maddening high did he realize his enjoyment came from witnessing his own wife&#8217;s suffering body, anguishing screams and cruel mauling she had just endured. 

In a sexual fog, he watched as the battered body of his blonde wife was cruelly dragged face down through the blistering sand before being tossed into a horse water trough. Susan barely struggled as she sank into the water where she could have drown were it not for Juan pulling her up by the nipple rings and placing a wooden pole though them to hold her body up. This was where and how they would allow the loser to rest. Still secured with all the ropes and belt on her wrists, elbows and ankles, she could do nothing but remain in a half floating, half nipple dangling watery suspension. Yet, this wasn&#8217;t&nbsp; enough for the town&#8217;s women. They encouraged their husbands, boyfriends and others to piss on the loser&#8217;s face and in her mouth as she attempted to bring her head up for life sustaining air. Even Bob was forced to straddle the trough, shove his dick into his wife&#8217;s&nbsp; mouth and before they taking him away.

Susan choked several times when several heavy streams of urine kept on target down her throat, forcing her to swallow as much and as quickly as possible. Finally when she was left alone, the once normal suburban wife gathered her thoughts. She told herself this was almost over and life as someone&#8217;s slave has to be a hundred times better that this.
-----
Two hours passed in her so called rest period. While men and women drank and talked about the gladiator contest in several close by air conditioned cantinas. They only ventured out to relieve themselves on the woman floating in the smelly mixture of warm water and piss. At some point a battery operated cattle prod was placed next to the trough to encourage the floating urinal to fully cooperate and open her mouth wide for both men and women to piss down. She was forced to swallow so much piss that several times she had to add to the foul water by letting her own bladder empty.

In spite of all the discomfort and pain she was in, Sue found it in herself to chuckle when she thought of the many long hot bubble baths she had enjoyed. This however was the only kind of luxury bath a slave could anticipate.

---

During Sue&#8217;s relaxation period the slave&#8217;s who earned demerits were awarded their lashes. None of the participants other than Pam and of course Susan had earned more than 20 lashes. Lottery winners were given the privilege of delivering these punishments. 

With a little bribery, the young man who showed a liking to Pam acquired the rights to her 40 lashes. The young boy sat directly in front of Pamela who was tautly spread-eagled out between two support posts as one of his burley body guards held an eight cord leather flogger preparing to thrash her open body.

Even in this town, with whippings being a common event, few of these people hadn&#8217;t seen such an attack on a woman&#8217;s breasts as Pam was given. The blows rained down so hard that even Pamela&#8217;s newly engorged and ultra sensitized tits compressed under his powerful blows. Pam frantically screamed and cried for mercy from the boy who was obviously responsible for such a sadistic punishment. 

Pam passed out by the 6th lash but was quickly revived to suffer further. She again nearly passed out after the 9th blow as the eight stands caught the underside of both tits with a quick vicious upward stroke.

After the tenth blow, she barely heard Miguel announce that this was the limit with such a whip upon a slave&#8217;s breasts. Then Miguel was interrupted by the boy who said she will take all 20 of her lashes on her fucken American utters. Miguel looked to the slave&#8217;s owner who simply nodded his head. The flogging continued.

Pam immediately began pleading for mercy. The boy stood up which temporarily stopped her whipping. Never slut. A cocky American spoiled cunt like you will never receive mercy from me or anyone again. You are a slave who&#8217;s pain and suffering is only to excite cocks so they will dump their cum into or on you.  The boy possessed an appearance of self-poise for his years. He grin at the beautiful older girl pleading in pain before everyone.&nbsp; Money is far more influential than beauty. he stated in an almost soft&nbsp;&nbsp; voice.&nbsp; Money can afford one the pleasure of enjoying witnessing a young beautiful American cunt like you, scream and suffer. I enjoy knowing in your previous life you probably got whatever you wanted with your sexy looks, but now it will only earn you torture ! he nearly was whispering in her ear. Continue harder ! he shouted as he sat back down in the chair. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; --

By early evening, it was time for the main event. There was a completely new ominous air about the town and its kinky occupants and guests.&nbsp; Even someone like Susan Banks, who had already dealt with such a variety of sadistic ordeals, felt a whole new frightful awareness.&nbsp; Some of the town folks, who had not been in one of the bars or at the punishment events, were making their way to the small park where many of the guests and slaves had already convene. 

Susan had been given nourishment and more rest before Miguel, Juan and a few of the local men went with Bob to retrieve his wife for the last of the day&#8216;s events. With her, scrapes, cuts and bruises worked on by Dr. Munos, Susan&nbsp; knew they wanted her to be as refreshed and responsive as possible to whatever they had planned for her.

Take these. Dr. Munos&#8217; nurse ordered, handing Susan a cup of water and some pills.

Susan couldn&#8217;t care less what they were making her take. She didn&#8217;t think these people could do much more than they had already done. She was wrong again.

Susan thought she noticed a slight look of pity as she handed the empty cup back to the topless nurse. She was sure she wanted to tell her something but dared not speak. They placed a simple collar with a leash around Susan&#8217;s neck but without any other restraints other than her permanent nipple rings. Bob was made to lead his slut slave wife out into the street and down to the park where everyone awaited her.

The blonde&#8217;s heart began to pound when she saw all the cruel smirks on so many of their faces. In the center of the group was some sort of wooden frame bench.&nbsp; Neither Sue nor Bob could figure out what it was for. The frame looked sort of like a small saw horse used to blockage a road or hallway. The only difference was the back set of legs were extended way out to the sides and there was a pair of heavy wooden blocks on the opposite side of the frame.

Bob was forced to leave his wife. His wrists were cuffed behind his back. Someone unzipped his pants so his own wife could see how just much this excited him. Bob&#8217;s cock stood straight and hard as he too anticipated something cruel was about to happen to his wife. 

Susan&#8217;s breasts rose and fell as they prodded her toward the wooden rack.&nbsp; She seemed to feel weak and yet very aroused along with being naturally panic stricken. One set of pills the nurse had given her was a type of muscle relaxant while the other was a very effective stimulant. 

They forced Susan to bend at the waist until her stomach rested on the cross piece of the wooden horse. Her wrists were tied wide to the sides and outstretched. She felt a tugging on her nipple rings and soon both her nipples and tits were drawn downward and tied to a stake in the ground,&nbsp; Finally ropes were tied at her knees and these were pulled so she was forced wide open. 

Some of the reason she felt so hot was because of the stimulate which was induced but she was a natural when it came to such exposure and helplessness. 

Someone from the crowd announced Susan&#8217;s punishment for being the grand prize loser. One by one each individual there would be allowed to give the slut at least one of her 60 lashes. A long riding crop along with short leather thong whip was placed beside the wide open slave.&nbsp; Bob was brought over so Susan could suck his cock as they began to whip his wife. If at anytime she stopped or slowed her sucking, she&#8217;d get 10 additional lashes added to her total. But worse of all was if Bob came while she sucked him, they would start over from that point.

Bob felt total shame as his hard cock throbbed in his wife&#8217;s mouth while she pleasured him. In spite of his best efforts there was no way he could stop himself from cumming. Unfortunately for Susan, with all the climaxes he had been given that day he held out long than normal. It didn&#8217;t happen until her 34 lash. It was such a strong orgasm he actually stepped forward to shove his dick deeper down her throat. Several minutes after coming down from such stimulation did the fact hit him he personally merited his wife the additional lashes. Pam could not hold back a gleeful chuckle when it was announced. The whipping would begin all over again.

Poor Susan had no way of knowing why the whip and straps seemed so much more painful than she had experienced in the past. The nerve stimulant worked well.

More men used her mouth while she finally endured the 94 total striped across her ass, tits, thighs and back. Susan swallowed 8 loads of cum in the process. 

As she gasped for air, dripping wet in her own sweat which also stung any open cuts, she heard someone announced it was time to introduce the puta to El Largo.

Susan tried as best to look up. She was sure she was about to see some huge man or something similar however to her surprise what she did see was Juan leading a pony out toward her. In spite of the pain that was radiating from her whipping, Susan nearly laughed when she saw the cute pony until she noticed something dark and thick swaying under it.

Someone in the group introduced the visitors to El Largo. He explained the animal was a mix between a pony and a miniature horse. Then he went on to inform the group that one common trait of miniature a horse is their abnormally large cocks in comparison to their size. He told them they could use one of the full size stallions however the slut wouldn&#8217;t be good for fucking ever again. Then he reassured the crowd, the slave would feel more stuffed and fucked than ever in her life and they would assure her ride would not be an enjoyable one for the grand prize loser.

El Largo was walked up behind the spread open slave. Pam was called over to have the privilege of guiding the animal&#8217;s huge cock in her aunt&#8217;s cunt. After all she was promised some part in her Aunt Susan&#8217;s torture.&nbsp; It&#8217;s too big. She stated questioningly as the pony&#8217;s dick pressed at her aunt&#8217;s cunt. They told her to proceed. She&#8217;d been given a muscle relaxant so her cunt would open enough to accept the huge shaft.

Inch by agonizing inch the cock of an animal entered into Susan&#8217;s Bank&#8217;s love canal. At first she fought it but with her tits and nipples pulled painfully downward she finally gave up fighting and only screamed to the delight of the mob. 

Two men helped walk the pony forward using the blocks of wood on the other side to help support its front hoofs and steady the somewhat skittish small horse. 

Everyone watched as the slave&#8217;s head bucked up and down while more and more cock rammed up into her until she felt the warmth of the horse&#8217;s balls up against her ass. Another man got down and clamped something around the pony&#8217;s cock. The horse kicked when it felt this but it was done. His cock would remain hard and erect until they removed the restraint around it. They didn&#8217;t worry much about animal&#8217;s right in this town. And of course what the animal was forced to fuck had no rights.

Quickly more men came around and worked ropes and straps around Susan&#8217;s arms, legs and body until she was repositioned the way they wanted her.

A strap went around the horse and Susan&#8217;s waist. Her armed were tied up and painfully behind her over the horse&#8217;s neck. Her legs were similarly drawn up and around the pony&#8217;s lower backside. Susan was basically tied hanging facing downward with her arms, waist, legs and ankles tied up around the body of the horse with his cock deeply impaling her cunt. One last addition was a pair of leaded ball weights attached to her nipple rings.

El Largo was released. Even with the weight of the woman under him the pony was stronger than any large dog. It began to buck. This made his cock pound deeper and more viciously into the slave&#8217;s cunt as there was no place for his fuck mate to go but ride under his bucking body. The bucking also caused the lead weights to wildly swing, yank and tear at her nipples. No one but Susan knew one of her earliest screams was from a massive climax. One of many during the time the horse continued to buck, trying to get what was under him off.

Susan couldn&#8217;t figure out why she had not passed out from the pain and exhaustion of being so brutally fucked. This too was one of the benefit&#8217;s of the drugs they had given her. She would not be allowed the comfort of unconsciousness.

That evening, Susan Bank&#8217;s surpassed the record by 2 hours for an El Largo ride. Not that she had a choice in the situation. She suffered as men and women, master&#8217;s and slave&#8217;s and mistress and slaves enjoyed a sexual orgy while hearing the screams of the suffering puta slave.

---

Nothing could have awaken the woman on the drive back north. Not that Trent wanted one of the three bound companions awake. She remained in a state of exhaustion to nearly noon the following day. But even then she could move, her body and her cunt hurt so badly, that she dared not move from her cot in her cell.

At least I am out of there, she thought to herself. It&#8217;s over. I hurt but survived those sadistic bastards. Susan was aware Trent had a buyer for her and by this point, she felt slavery to another had to be better than what she had just experienced and suffered over the past few weeks in both the Mexican town and with Trent. She knew by now even pleasing Trent with complete obedience was no assurance she would not feel pain. It only avoided much worse suffering. She learn during her week in the Mexican town obedience or not she was destined for torture, not just simple pain or punishments.

Her mind went back to some of the terrible things they did with and to her and she found herself playing with her wet cunt. What have they done to me to make me react like this? What had she done to the lives of her niece and husband? This was not a sexual game but true slavery. The impact of the thought sent her over the edge. Trent watched her buck and quake in her orgasm. Even he couldn&#8216;t believe it. He had to shake his head and smile as he watched her climax again.

---

Two days later, both slaves knew something big was about to happen. Trent had left them alone most of the day but told them they were going on a little trip that evening. Trent had a little earn to run. He did not return from until 3:30 that afternoon. 

Upon his return, Trent told Pam the money he received for her had been deposited into his accounts. She begged to stay with him and not sell her. He told her it was too late and informed her today would be the last time she would have a chance to pay back her aunt for putting her into this life. He let Pam prepare a shipping crate designed for human cargo.&nbsp; With total vengeance on her mind she chose twin shocker dildos for both ass and cunt. These would be activated if her aunt let up pulling on her nipple rings even the slightest which were connected to the trigger mechanism. She told her master she wanted the extra heavy springs so pulling back from the trigger would be more than just uncomfortable for her aunt She wanted Susan to have to cause herself down right pain to avoid even worse pain up in her cunt and asshole. Trent told her no one could hold off the trigger pulleys for very long so he planned on using a battery that would eventually run out in an hour or so. Pam pleaded with her master to use a much longer lasting battery. 

Are you sure that is all what you want? he laughed at the young girl&#8217;s sadistic side. 

No, Master. If I may make one additional request. she asked with a nasty look in her eyes. Once she is in the box and realizes just how difficult and painful the trip in it will be, could you use your little friends on her nipples and clit?

Trent wasn&#8217;t sure what she meant.

Those ants that cause so much pain. Can you imagine how terrible the trip will be with dealing with all that for a couple of hours plus she will have something that will last for days afterward so her new owner can enjoy her suffering. Trent shook his head but prepared the shipping box as Pam had requested. The young teen was happy with her choices. She knew even her kinky aunt would not enjoy a moment in the crate with all that much to torment.

Pam watched her master as he went over to a cabinet. She could not see what he was doing but he returned to next to her holding a rag that had a strong smell coming from it. He placed the rag over her mouth and held it there.

Trent went to Susan&#8217;s cage and brought her to the main room. He chained her to a pole in the basement and stuffed a ball gag in her mouth then locked it in place. There was a wooden box, some straps and other paraphernalia laying around.&nbsp; There was her niece tightly restrained within the wooden crate. She appeared to be unconscious. Her mouth was heavily stuffed and taped completely.&nbsp; She was just beginning to regain consciences.

Well this is the day slaves. You both have earned me a lot of money. he said lightly slapping Pam on the cheek to make sure she was fully awake. I figured it would be fun to be a bastard one last time and inform you of the situation from here on out.

Susan, I want you to know I kept my promise and did not harm your husband. Well, not physically at least. He has been released way beyond a small town a good 100 miles south of the boarder. He has no money, no ID and only a skimpy pair of shorts on. I hope he doesn&#8217;t run into a gang of gays while he makes his way back to the town. Trent laughed thinking about that.

As much as he might love you, it will be very difficult for him to even consider trying to discover what happen to his niece and wife. You see I told Bob he has the lead suspect in the murder of&nbsp; Larry Parker. 

Susan&#8217;s eyes widen.

No, I didn&#8217;t really kill anyone but Bob thinks so. And he also thinks the gun I gave him to hold on you the night of your supposed kidnapping has his finger prints on it. He I told him its in the possession of the police. I also told him the police know about your affair with Larry which gives him motive for killing Larry and perhaps why his wife may be missing. You see if Bob makes it back to the states alright, he&#8217;ll think he is wanted for murder and won&#8217;t risk contacting anyone. That coupled with the fact he is penniless, would make it almost impossible to even begin thinking of investigating what happen to his slut slave wife and niece let along have anything to go on.  Trent snickered one more time. Oh and one other thing. Bob has never seen my actual face. Anytime we were together, I had on some sort of disguise. Poor guy, even if he was stupid enough to turn himself in and tell the police his way out story of his wife&#8217;s slavery, he&#8217;d have to give the police 8 different descriptions of your abductor.

Susan sighed, knowing there was little hope of Bob saving her. She wasn&#8217;t even sure he wanted her any longer after witnessing what she had been forced to do over the past weeks.

Trent then knelt down by the crate and spoke to Pam first. You will be happy to know, the extra money I got from selling your ass allowed me to sell off your aunt to a cheaper group who will use her much worse than any single owner. She will be the community property of some 24 invertors who she will have to serve, obey and be subject to punishment when anyone one of them feels she had not satisfied their desires. So your life as a pain toy will be a breeze compared to your aunt&#8217;s. 

Pam liked what she heard but was panicked about waking up in the crate she help create.&nbsp; She let out a few muffled moans but it was all she could manage. Susan on the other hand was in horror at what he just announced.&nbsp; Tent looked at Susan. You are now the property of&nbsp; the town of&nbsp; Pais Infieno in Mexico. Loosely translated, as I&#8217;m sure you can attest to, it means pain hell.

Susan frantically fought the chains that totally held her helpless to the basement&#8217;s&nbsp; metal support pole. Even this bastard couldn&#8217;t send her there to a life of cruelty and torture there. 

Trent looked down at his other slave who seem to have a look of satisfaction in her eyes. That&#8217;s the good news. Now the bad news depended on just how cruelly you wanted your aunt punished during her delivery. You see, you are in the crate you helped me prepare this morning. You will suffer whatever you intended on giving your aunt. However instead of this shipment taking 2 hours for delivery to Mexico, I&#8217;m afraid you will have to endure a 28 hours delivery journey in there. The sultan&#8217;s son could have opted for an express delivery of 12 hours but he wanted to introduce you to the good life as his American toy. I hope you have a pleasant journey and life, slut. he said before reaching behind him and opening the jar containing the bullet ants. Pam screamed into the gag when she felt the tiny bites on each nipple and her clit. It wasn&#8217;t the bite but knowing what to expect next. Trent completed attaching the heavy springs to her nipples before connecting the battery leads which would zap her cunt and ass for most of the entire journey. It was what she wanted. He finished off nailing the lid closed before rendering Susan unconscious with the chloroform. 

The men, who the sultan was sending to transport the box, would be there in less than an hour. Then he had the piece of meat, once known as Susan Banks to deliver to his friends in Mexico before boarding a plan and taking a month or so off before checking out his next acquisition. 

It&#8217;s good to be the slaver. Definitely not the slave. said to himself.

---

In the real world of a slut slave, the fantasy life of endless thrills and orgasms usually doesn&#8217;t exist. Unfortunately for Susan Banks and her niece Pamela Powel, they would be slave objects. One, the punishment channel for a group wives and women who envied her looks and body and only now had a means to vent such frustrations. The other would be a suffering symbol of what one young man&#8217;s upbringing has taught him was all wrong in this world. 

For Robert Banks, life of course would never be the same. It would take years to create a new identity and acquire enough money just to sustain a life on the run. In spite of his guilt feelings, there weren&#8217;t many a night he didn&#8217;t get off recalling the memories of his wife&#8217;s sufferings or thinking of what possibly could be happening to her that night. Sure he felt even more guilt when he wiped the cum off his hand and cock but he just couldn&#8217;t help himself. He couldn&#8217;t deny that his wife ever looked sexier or hotter than when she was cruelly restrained and being fucked and whipped at the same time. Many nights Bob turned to alcohol to block out those tantalizing visions.

Life however was good for Trent Williams. With his recent income from the sales of two spicy inventory pieces, he could afford to acquire more upscale merchandise. His dealings with the sultan had set him up with a whole new cliental base. He had 4 advanced orders to fill. It was great not to have to worry about marketing them however the requirements were that they all must be well to do American wives. The kind of women who were use to luxury even at the expense of lower class people. And of course they had to be sexy and hot. Their new owners wanted to feel that these slaves who might have used their looks to gain a leverage to get to such a status would be much more fun to degrade and own.

Surprisingly, Trent had little trouble locating such merchandise and was awaiting 27 year old Mrs. Cindy Kern to join him on a boat supposedly to pose nude for some photos she thought would be a great gift to give her 50 year old husband. She had planned on this gift to sway his decision with letting her take a trip with a few girl friends in Europe next month. Of course Cindy thought the photographer, a Thomas Slaver his card read, had a great idea of keeping the whole photo session and her plans a secret from her husband. He assured her an unexpected gift like this would have much more of an impact. Cindy agreed. Someone&#8217;s going to be real surprised tomorrow! she thought to herself as stepped out of the cab that was dropping her off at an isolated dock just outside of Seattle. I&#8217;ll bet this old fart photographer never has photographed a body like mine. she told herself as she strutted toward the wharf in her $2000 Armani blazer and mini skirt.

THE END








Review This Story
 || Email Author:  DJ


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





