BDSM Library - Dean Corll's Diary (Screenplay Version)




Dean Corll's Diary (Screenplay Version)
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is the screenplay version of the Dean Corll story about the serial killer of young men.  It contains some new scenes and added dialogue. DEAN CORLL'S DIARY   
   
 (Screenplay Version)   
 by    
   
 JASON   
SCENE ONE  : TUESDAY   
Corll in his bedroom, shirtless, writing at his desk, using a yellow
      pad and pencil (nothing fancy like a real diary). He is a fairly ordinary-looking
      man in his early 30s, clean-cut, a bit stocky but not fat. The room is
      typical male messy, but not over-the-top. Corll stops writing for a moment
      to open a pill bottle. He gets a pill, pops it into his mouth, takes a
      swig of a bottle of beer he is drinking, and then resumes writing.   
 VOICEOVER:   
DEAN: Well, I never thought I'd have me one accomplice,
  much less two. Wayne he's got his problems--has he ever!--but he's a lot more
  into it of the two of 'em, even so. David he likes to keep his distance. Squintin'
  out behind those funky little granny glasses of his, pretendin' he ain't so
  engrossed as Wayne and me is. Even after all this time he likes to pretend
  that. But what he did with Robbie G. last month. Well, that tells the story,
  now don't it? I mean there's fuckin' and then there's fuckin' and little ole
  Robbie G. got hisself well and truly ass-wreckin' fucked! And David did it
  all by his little ole lonesome too. Hell, by the time Wayne and me showed up
  there was hardly anything left for us to even play with!  
Corll stops writing and tilts his head
      as he remembers:   
FLASHBACK  :  
Corll and Wayne come home, go in, hear
      noises coming from the back of the house--muffled boyish groans, low cold
      older male laughter. They go down the hall to where the noises are originating.
      The sounds get louder the closer they get. They come to the door of the
      room, push it open.   
   
CAMERA SHOT through the door past Corll
      and Wayne of a bed, David sitting on it, stripped naked, his back to the
      door. A body lies face-down in front of him, tied, spread-eagled. It appears
      to be a fairly small kid, maybe 13 or 14 years old, though it's hard to
      tell from the distance and angle of the camera. David turns to look back
      over his shoulder, having heard something--Corll and Wayne at the door.
      Blood is all over David's chest, chin, a speck or two even spot his glasses.    
[ Wayne and David are about the same
      age--17 or 18. They are about the same height and build as well: maybe
      5'10" and both teenage-slim. Wayne's hair is rather long and has an unwashed
      look. Brook's hair is shorter, tidier, his face more sensitive than Wayne's.
      He has a somewhat studious appearance, partly because of the glasses.  ]     
DEAN: What the fuck?  
WAYNE moves forward, peers around David
      to see better, and says  : Goddam! What you done gone and done
      to Robbie's asshole, David?! Goddam!  
DEAN, who moves in to get a better look
      as well:   Shit, David! What you done done? Tore his guts out?  
DAVID lifts into camera-view a big, blood-covered
      dildo, then says with another low cold laugh, the kind Corll and Wayne
      heard when they came in  : I'm just havin' me some fun on my
      own, Dean. That's all. Hell, I got tired a-waitin' on you two to git back
      and little ole Robbie here [ David bops the back of the head
      on the bed in front of him with the bloody dildo  .] well he
      was somethin' to pass the time with is all. 'Sides, I'm guessin' it was
      about my turn to play with one like I like for a change. You and Wayne
      hog most of 'em we git and you cain't deny it.  
CUT: RETURN TO CORLL WRITING AT HIS DESK  .  
   
VOICEOVER:   
DEAN: And that kid had a cute butt too. One of
  the cutest in fact. That I done come across so far, that is. I think. Truth
  is my mem'ry is startin' to slip a bit about some of the boys I done had. Which
  is why I thought I'd keep me a sort of diary for a while. I don't know exactly
  how long I'll keep it up actually, but it's been fun so far and I ain't through
  with all this yet. No, sirree. The clock it is still tickin' on this here business.
  I know the clock is still tickin'. The only chance I really take is with them
  two. Wayne and David. I know that. I mean, I ain't stupid! Wayne says the pills
  are startin' to make me stupid. But Wayne he's the stupid one. 'Cause his time
  will come. Yeah. It will come and I'll up and have his scrawny little no-account
  teenage ass as well. Nothing lasts forever, AS THEY SAY! Ain't no rush yet,
  though. Specially when Wayne can still up and bring me guys like young Billy
  B. here.  
FILM ROLLS IN MEMORY FLASHBACK  as
      Corll continues to talk in voiceover. FOOTAGE of Billy B. The camera should
      seem like a voyeur, going up and down Billy's body as he moves around--maybe
      shots of him working out or on the football field during practice or just
      sitting and drinking a beer or even just coming down the street or out
      of school at the end of the day.   
I mean, talk about a cute ass! [ Camera
      shot of Billy's ass in motion  ] Not that I actually done gone
      and seen it yet. But I can tell. The way those worn old jeans of his hug
      those hard high rounded hips of his? The way that skin on his neck and
      chest and arms glows, just glows, man? [ Camera shots of Billy's
      arms, neck, chest  ] And not a zit to be seen anywhere! Hormones
      racin'--you can tell that!--but not a single fuckin' dirty disfigurin'
      little zit to be seen anywhere on his body that I can see! And strappin'!
      Shit! Billy's one tall strappin'-for-his-age motherfucker! Only sixteen,
      but he's already six sweet feet of Houston's finest honed-and-toned high-school
      football boy-meat! I mean, Billy's got it all. The face, the body . . .
      the dick. [ Camera shot of Billy's crotch  ] I ain't
      up and seen that either yet, but I can tell what's what about it too. Prime
      grade-A Houston-born-and-bred cowboy boy-beef! That's what we're talkin'
      'bout here. "Go Steers!" That's what they call the team. Hmm, hmm. If I
      was into eatin' 'em as well as killin' em, I could have me one mouth-waterin'
      lip-smackin' man-sized meal on Billy B., that's for sure!  
 A sound interrupts CORLL. It's Wayne, who has let himself in.    
   
 He shuffles into the room, goes and leans against the wall, looking
      pretty bored, drugged out a little, smoking a joint.   
   
   WAYNE: What you doin'?  
 DEAN: What's it look like I'm doin, asshole? I'm writin'!  
 WAYNE: 'Bout what?  
 DEAN: None a your fuckin' goddam business!  
 WAYNE: I's just askin'. Ain't no need to go and bite my head off.  
 DEAN mutters  : Yet. But the time may come I'll up
  and do just that.  
 WAYNE in his thick drawl  : Yeah. Right.  
 DEAN changes the subject  : You seen Billy today? The
  time's comin' up on him, don't you think? I mean, he's ready for the takin'
  if we can just figure out the best way, I know he is.  
 WAYNE: Wish he'd just up and sniff that there glue or the paint like the
  rest of 'em. It'd be a whole lot easier if'n he'd just go and do that.  
 DEAN laughs  . It's been a good trick on many a one
  of 'em, that's for sure.  
CUT-AWAY   to Dean and Wayne with a
      kid in the living room. They are all three sitting on the couch. The kid--let's
      call him Casey--is holding a small open brown paper bag up to his chest.
      Casey is perhaps 15 years old but looks a bit younger. He has a rather
      sweet innocent face, is shy and thin, and poorly dressed. Wayne has a can
      of glue in one hand, the glue brush in the other.    
 WAYNE: Go on! Ain't you done done it before? It's hot shit. Really!  
 Casey hesitates, bends forward, takes a tentative sniff of the
      bag, pulls back  .  
 CASEY: You done made it real strong, Wayne. I don't know.  
 WAYNE: It has to be strong to be good, Case. Trust me. Go 'head. You won't
  b'lieve the rush, kiddo. Man, it's something else, a glue rush!  
 DEAN: Yeah, you don't git the full effect unless it's strong, Casey, and
  you want the full effect or why bother, right?  
 Dean takes Casey by his wrist and lifts the bag toward Casey's
      face.    
 DEAN: Just put it up over your mouth and nose like you saw Wayne do. Then
  breathe. That's all. Wait'll you feel how good it feels. You done saw how high
  it made Wayne feel. [ Corll nods toward Wayne who nods back.  ]
  Besides, we here if it zaps you too hard or somethin'. Hell, you even sittin'
  down, right? I mean, you can't even fall down nowhere even if you wanted to.
  Go ahead. Just do it!  
 Dean is still holding onto one of Casey's wrists  . Wayne
      now catches Casey by his other wrist  . Together Dean
      and Wayne bring the bag up to the boy's face. Casey smiles kind of shyly
      as it gets close, then expels his breath, covers his mouth and nose with
      the bag, and inhales. The bag crackles and shrinks. Casey tries to pull
      away at once, but Wayne and Dean force his head back onto the back of the
      couch and keep the bag over Casey's nose and mouth as he continues to breathe.
      They are not so much violent about it as encouragingly insistent that he
      keep breathing into the bag. Casey ceases to resist and soon starts to
      go limp. His eyes glaze. His hands begin to sag and let go of the bag,
      but Wayne and Dean reach up and hold it in place. Casey is soon out like
      a light. His eyes close. Wayne and Dean look across him and smile an evil
      smile at each other.   
 WAYNE: 'Nother one bites the dust, hey Dean!  
 FLASHBACK ENDS  .  
BACK TO WAYNE AND DEAN in Dean's bedroom.    
 WAYNE: You want me to go and see if'n I can locate Billy somewheres, see
  if I can git 'im to come back with me? He might try the glue yet if'n we put
  it to 'im right. He ain't too old for it even if he says he is.  
 DEAN appears to think, then says  : No. I can wait.
  He's ripe for the takin, though. And soon. Yeah. [ He smiles  .]
  Real soon.  
  
 END OF SCENE   
  
SCENE TWO: WEDNESDAY   
In Dean Corll's living room, which features a big couch, looking
      a bit worse for wear. An old TV set. Tables. Chairs. A lounge chair maybe.
      The blinds and curtains on the windows are drawn.    
 Dean ushers Billy in, his arm casually draped over the young man's
      shoulder.   
 DEAN: Yeah, we been wonderin' where you was, hot shot. Here you was practically
  movin' in over here for a while it seemed like, then you just up and disappear
  like you done gone and forgot who we are or where we even live even.  
 BILLY breaks free of Dean's arm, but carefully, so as not to offend.
      He moves toward the couch and throws himself down on it and says  :
      Life sucks! It just fuckin' sucks, man!  
 DEAN: Ain't the first time I done heard you say that, cowboy.  
 BILLY twists his body about and  props his
      feet up on one of the couch while laying his head flat back against the
      other end, and says  : Well it's true, ain't it!  
 DEAN: So you keep tellin' me. But you ole Houston Heights boys is spoiled
  is what I think. You don't know what bad is, you boys. Not like me anyway.
  I know what bad is, b'lieve me! You guys you don't have a clue! Not one fuckin'
  clue!  
 WAYNE: Like hell! [He puts his hands behind his head and flexes
      his whole body along the couch, clearly performing for Dean, as the sly
      look he gives Dean reveals.]   I don't wanna hear 'bout how
      bad you done had it when you was young. I don't b'lieve half what you say
      anyway. Why don't you jest stop lecturin' me like everybody else does and
      go git me a beer. A Lone Star if you got it.  
 DEAN: I got it.  
 He smiles at Billy and moves off to the kitchen.   
   
 The camera stays fixed on Billy who smiles to himself now. He
      reaches down and adjusts his crotch, clearly in an effort to rearrange
      his cock so it can be seen running up underneath the worn denim jeans he's
      wearing.   
 Dean returns with a six-pack and plops it down on the coffee table
      in front of the couch.   
   
 He stands there, looking down at Billy. Billy stares back up,
      a teasing look in his face.    
   
 There is silence for a minute as they stare off, then BILLY says:   
   
 BILLY: Well, ain't you gonna open one of 'em for me?  
 DEAN: Like hell I am. You can open your own goddam beer.  
 Dean sounds gruff but not really angry  .  
     
 Billy grins and twists himself back up into a sitting position.
      He then reaches forward and gets a beer and opens it, upends it, and begins
      to chug it down. A good long drink at one go.   
 DEAN watching, says  : You drink like a fish. You too
  young to drink like that. The dope you do too. I mean, you gonna up and ruin
  yourself that way. How can you play good football if you get all doped up and
  drunk the way you git?  
 BILLY momentarily suspends his drinking  : I hold my
  liquor real good. You done said so yourself. 'Sides, I always hold off on the
  dope and the booze 'fore a game and that ain't for two more days yet. So fuck
  off and let me enjoy myself, man! That's what you been sayin' you like to see,
  right? Young guys like me enjoyin' theyselves? Well [ Billy holds
  the beer toward Dean like a toast  ] that's just what I'm a-doin.'
  [ He quickly finishes the beer and reaches for another one  .]  
 DEAN: So what's done pissed you off this time? Your dad? Your mom? The coach?
  That's his job, to bust your balls, right? Why you complain about him? You
  don't have to play no football.  
 DEAN takes and opens a beer for himself, but drinks it much more
      slowly than Billy drinks his.   
  
 BILLY wipes his mouth with the back of his hand, chugs some more
      beer, then says  , I done up and lost my latest girlfriend is
      what. And she give good head too! [ Billy tugs at his crotch
      as if to make sure Dean understands what he's talking about  .]
      Mouth on her like a wet vacuum cleaner that one! Goddam she was good! Made
      it seem even better'n pussy and that's sayin' somethin' 'cause pussy is
      way the best when you can git it. Damn! Damn! Damn! Just thinkin' 'bout
      it git's me horny all over. [ He slouches back on the couch and
      tugs at his crotch again  .]  
 DEAN lets Billy talk, smiling, sipping his beer the while. While
      Billy talks Dean takes a pill bottle out of his breast pocket and removes
      a pill, pops it into his mouth and then chases it down with a swig of his
      beer.   
BILLY: What's that stuff you take anyway? Those
  pills you keep a-poppin'? You got a disease or somethin'? You always doin'
  it ever time I look around, it seems to me.  
 DEAN: They're good. They make you feel real smooth.
  Or, if you want the other kind, then they can jazz you up like you a goddam
  motorboat if that's what you like instead. You wanna try some?  
Dean holds the pill bottle out toward
      Billy, who eyes it suspiciously.   
BILLY: I think I'll just stick to the shit I know
  for now. [ He hoists his beer in the air  .] Maybe later.  
DEAN: You don't know what you missin' but it's
  your choice.  
BILLY: Fuckin' right! I don't do nothin' I don't
  wanna do.  
DEAN: I done already figured that out.  
BILLY: Good. [ Like it's damned good
      Dean has or there could be trouble  .]  
DEAN: So what you gonna do for head then? Or pussy,
  if that's what you like the most? Until you can find you another little cunt
  who'll go down on you, that is.  
Dean, who has been standing the whole
      time, now moves over to the couch and sits down next to Billy. Close. Enough  so
      that their knees touch anyway  .  
BILLY: Oh I'll find me somethin'. Cunts is a dime
  a dozen. Specially if you is a football player like me. [ He lifts
  his arm and makes a muscle  .] Not bad, right? And I got muscles
  you can't even see that is better'n that. [ He means it to sound
  suggestive. It does.  ]     
DEAN: I bet.  
Billy has finished his second beer. He
      now reaches and starts in on a third.   
BILLY: Word gits around. Girls they hear about
  who's got it and who ain't. Well, I got it is all. So I won't have to wait
  that long.  
DEAN: But in the meantime?  
BILLY frowns a phony frown and says:  Yeah,
  in the meantime, it's just me and the old ever-ready hand, I guess. [ He
  makes a masturbating motion  .] And that's not the same at all!
  Shit! [ He swigs on his beer, then closes his eyes and lays his head
  back against the couch while bopping his knee against Dean's knee but acting
  as if he is not aware he is.  ] Too bad a guy can't suck himself
  off, don't you think? I done tried it more 'n once and even though I'm pretty
  fit, it's hard to get myself lowered down that far. I bet you done tried it
  when you was younger too. Don't tell me you ain't.  
DEAN chuckles like this is such good,
      funny stuff, then says  : You bet. I know exactly what you mean.
      But there we are. We stuck needin' somebody else to have a real good time
      despite ourselves, it seems like. But then, as you say, if we patient they
      turn up one way or the other. Cunt or pussy or whatever else might do the
      trick, right?  
BILLY: Fuckin'-A right. Fuckin'-A right.  
Billy gives a big sigh and stretches
      his legs, spreading his thighs, slouching even further down on the couch.
      He has kept and continues to keep his eyes closed.   
   
DEAN sips his beer and then quietly brings
      his hand down on Billy's thigh. Billy pretends not to notice.    
The rest unfolds in silence. Billy takes
      some more slow swigs of his beer. As does Dean. Then Dean's hand slowly
      begins to rove up and down Billy's leg, finally working its way over into
      the boy's crotch. Billy reaches with his free hand and undoes the top of
      his jeans. Dean gets the zipper. With his eyes still closed Billy lifts
      up for Dean to get the jeans down enough to get at his cock. Dean carefully
      fishes it out of the jockey shorts Billy has on.   
   
Dean places his beer on the coffee table
      and then proceeds to give Billy a quick, vigorous blowjob. Billy cracks
      his eyes open, peeks down at the top of Dean's head, silently grins, then
      closes his eyes again and cums to climax in a fairly short time, groaning
      as he releases his load.    
   
Dean takes it all down, wipes his mouth,
      then reaches back for his beer to gargle and wash the rest down. While
      this is happening, Billy begins to get his underwear and jeans back together
      and zip up. His eyes remain closed. He moves slowly as if he is doing it
      all in a dream.    
   
Then, once his pants are re-done, Billy
      yawns and stretches, then suddenly pops his eyes open and says:   "Oh,
      Dean! Sorry. Guess I drifted off. [ He rises from the couch,
      not like he's in a hurry so much as wonderfully rested and reinvigorated
      after a short nap and now ready for the road  .] Hell, I gotta
      go, man, or the coach will find out I been missing school today and kill
      my ass for sure come practice this afternoon! Thanks for the Lone Star!  
DEAN, with a double meaning  :
  Anytime.  
Billy turns, looks back at Dean, who
      has remained seated on the couch, grins and then winks at Dean.    
BILLY: See you round then.  
It is Dean's turn to wink.    
DEAN: Like I said. Anytime, cowboy.  
END OF SCENE    
  
SCENE THREE:   THURSDAY   
   
   
Corll is back at his desk, writing. He is wearing a baggy sleeveless
      undershirt and boxer shorts. He has a disgruntled look on his face as he
      scribbles away.   
   
   
VOICEOVER:      
 DEAN: Anytime, I said, but it's been no-show Billy all day long. Selflish
  little bastards. All of 'em. All take and no give. That's how they live. Well,
  when the time comes, I show 'em I can take as good as they can. Can I ever!
  I can take more 'n they ever fuckin' dreamed of!  
Wayne shuffles in, brushing his hair out of his face.   
   
WAYNE: You pissed, ain't you? 'Bout Billy not showin'
  today.  
DEAN, steely-eyed, looks over his shoulder
      at Wayne and says  :    I ain't that surprised.
      He's just selfish like all yawl. I mean, you guys sure don't mind gittin'
      head but you don't give it none too freely, do you?  
WAYNE: Yeah, you pissed.  
DEAN: I ain't pissed, I'm just remarkin' on how
  it's all take and no give with all yawl boys. That's why I have to go and take
  what I want the way I do.  
WAYNE: You don't exactly mind the rough side, though,
  I been sorta noticin'. You like to force it on 'em, don't tell me you don't.
  You like makin' 'em hurt too. [ Wayne has moved over behind Corll
  and now peeks over his shoulder in an effort to see what Corll is writing  . Corll
  quickly flips the yellow pad over and slams his hand down on it  . Wayne
  shuffles away, unperturbed at the rebuke  .] I mean, you the one
  who thought up that there pube hair-pulli', one little pube hair at a time--Ouch!
  Ouch! Ouch!--not me. And you the one who likes to stick stuff up their little
  weenies. I don't think I woulda ever even thought of that and I been thinkin'
  'bout and doin' this here kinda thing for a while now.  
DEAN: Yeah, you Mr. Experience all right. [ He
      shifts to face Wayne, who has gone and flopped backwards on the bed. He
      props himself up on his elbows, with his feet dangling off the end of it.  ]    It
      warn't so long ago you was whining when I gave you that first boy of yours
      to do. [ Corll changes his voice in order to imitate as well
      as mock Wayne's thick Texas drawl  .] "It's hawd work killin'
      these old boys, Dean! It's hawd work!" I thought you never WAS gonna git
      that little motherfucker's neck wrung and he warn't that big either.  
WAYNE, defensively:   Well
  it IS hawd till you git the hang of it! 'Sides, you a lot bigger 'n stronger
  'n me.  
DEAN: And don't you forget it! You gonna git on
  my wrong side one day and I'm gonna break your neck [ Dean makes
  a breaking motion with his hands  .] like that!  
WAYNE: And who'll go and git you the boys then,
  huh? David he's a pussy come right down to it. I know you think he's a lot
  smarter 'n me, but he's a real pussy even so. I know you knew him first and
  all and you two had somethin' goin' more with each other than we ever has had
  but I'm the one who's been more good at it, now admit it. Admit it.  
Dean smiles from where he is sitting
      in his chair  .  
DEAN: Okay, I'll give you that much, Wayne. And
  you keep a-bringin' me boys like Billy here and we will git along fine. Just
  fine. I fuss at you, I know I do, but you done brung me some pretty fun boys
  and I can't deny it, no sir.  
Wayne's expression gets serious for a
      moment.   
WAYNE: Billy he may not be so easy to deal with
  as some of them others though.  
DEAN looks disgusted and says  :
  Wayne, how many we done done together by now?  
Wayne shrugs, a habit he has.   
   
WAYNE: I dunno. Ten maybe. [ He struggles
      to think, clearly something of an effort  .] Maybe twelve. I
      dunno.  
DEAN: Any of them ever been a real problem?  
Dean is clearly expecting the answer
      to be no, but Wayne surprises him  .  
WAYNE: Mark.  
DEAN grudgingly accepts the correction,
      and growls  : Well, that's true, I guess. But he's the only
      one.  
FLASHBACK:    
   
   Mark, a good-looking boy about 17 years
      old, is on his back on the bed in the back room. He is wearing jeans as
      well as his shoes and socks, but he is shirtless, revealing a good, smooth,
      tanned, hairless upper body. His two arms have been raised and separately
      secured to the headboard, but his legs are still free. At first, he does
      not appear to be conscious, but as the camera slowly circles him he begins
      to recover from the glue-sniffing that has led to his present situation.    
 Mark suddenly starts to breathe deeply, then moan a little. He
      twists his upper body or tries to. Finally he gets his eyes open and slowly--in
      disbelief--starts to take in what has happened to him.    
 MARK: What the . . . ?  
 He pulls at his restraints. The left one seems tight, but there
      is a bit of give in the right one, and he pulls more vigorously on it.
      The camera zooms in on both of the bound wrists but lingers over the looser
      right binding.   
 MARK calls out into the empty room  : Wayne? Dean?
  What the fuck, man?  
 He jerks more strenuously at the ropes, then raises his knees
      and tries to get more leverage so that he can pull even harder. The camera
      lovingly surveys his struggle  .  
 Corll  enters.   
 DEAN: Well, howdy do, Mark. You been out a real good while, boy. I'm glad
  to see you finally comin' round at last. I was startin' to think that all that
  glue had up and killed all your braincells or somethin'.  
 MARK: What the fuck, Dean? This some kinda fuckin' joke or somethin', man?  
 Dean goes over and sits down beside Mark on the bed.    
 DEAN: Joke on you maybe, that's all. [ Dean places his hand on
      the center of Mark's nice, firm chest and begins to rub there.  ]
      Hmmm, hmmm. You sho is a pretty boy, Mark. Yeah, a real pretty boy.  
 MARK, incensed, disbelieving  : Take yo fuckin' hands
  off me, you fuckin' queer! [ Mark again jerks at his bonds. The camera
  zooms in to show the right one loosening a little bit more as he does so  .]
  I KNEW you was a fuckin' queer! I KNEW it!  
 DEAN smiles a sarcastic smile  : More fool you then
  for keepin' comin' round here, don't you think? I mean, if you really thought
  I was such a queer, why'd you run the risk and hang out here the way you been?
  I'll tell you. 'Cause of all the dope and the booze and other good stuff I
  just happen to have on hand here that you can't git at home, that's why. And
  I know this too. [ Dean drops his hand down on Mark's crotch and
  grips where his cock would be  .] You thought 'cause ole Wayne was
  around you was safe, right? Well, guess what? Wayne he likes a bit of boybutt
  hisself once in a while. [ Dean calls out over his shoulder  .]
  Wayne! Wayne! Git your ass in here, Wayne! Little ole Mark done's gone and
  woke up finally. It's partytime!  
 Dean massages Mark's crotch  .  
 DEAN to Mark  : Come on, honey. Git it up for me! Let
  me see how big a one you got. I bet you got you a big one.  
 Mark twists and turns in protest, but Dean continues to rub his
      crotch.   
 DEAN: Wayne! You here me? Git your ass on in here, I say!  
 The camera shows the rope around Mark's right wrist getting more
      loose still  .  
 Wayne finally appears, wiping his eyes as if he has been asleep.   
 WAYNE: He up you say?  
 Dean laughs, his hand still moving on Mark's crotch  .  
 DEAN: One way for sure, and he's startin' to git up the other way too whether
  he thinks it's queer stuff or not.  
 MARK to Wayne  : This ain't funny, Wayne. Make this
  here queer stop maulin' on me! Make 'im take his fuckin' hands off me and let
  me go, Wayne!  
 WAYNE shrugs, says  : He gonna have yo ass now, Mark.
  Ain't no way I can stop 'im now.  
 DEAN: Here. Help me git the rest of his clothes off, Wayne.  
 Dean moves down Mark's left side toward his left foot.   
 DEAN: You git his right shoe, I'll git this one.  
 Camera focuses on Mark's face. He is dumbfounded, rendered temporarily
      speechless  .  
 Wayne does as Dean asks. Dean begins to untie one of the boy's
      tennis shoes, Wayne the other one. Mark lets them do it without protesting
      for a moment, then the shock finally wears off and he begins to kick. He
      jerks his feet free, one and then the other, and then raises his legs and
      slams his feet into both of them, or tries to  .  
 MARK: Let go a me, you motherfuckers! Let go a me! NOW!  
 DEAN: Grab that 'un! [ He gestures toward the leg nearest Wayne  .]
  Get aholt of it, Wayne! I'll git this one.  
 Dean and Wayne have a hard time, but they finally manage to subdue
      and then straddle the kicking legs, Wayne on top of one, Dean on top of
      the other. They are now facing the bottom of the bed, their backs to Mark,
      who is still struggling to get at least one arm free.   
 DEAN: Your ankle rope's tied right there on the corner by you, Wayne. Git
  it and loop it round the foot you got. I'll do the same for this one.  
 Lengths of rope have been previously tied to the footboard of
      the bed. Dean and Wayne now stretch forward to get the rope nearest to
      them in order to secure Mark's legs  .  
 As they do, Mark finally jerks his right arm free. Because they
      have their backs turned to him, neither Wayne nor Dean notices.   
 DEAN: He won't cooperate, we'll just cut his fuckin' jeans off is all. Don't
  make no difference to me. He won't be usin' 'em again.  
 Wayne laughs a kind of stupid, high-pitched laugh  .  
 WAYNE: It's kinda fun when they fight like this, don't you think, Dean?
  I mean, I don't like to git hurt none myself, but it do git the juices goin'
  when they up and resist some at least. It gits MY juices goin' anyway.  
 Dean laughs in turn, a lower, more manly laugh.   
 DEAN: Yeah. It always make 'em break a sweat and I like a little boysweat
  as you know.  
 Without their realizing it, Mark has begun to fish in his right
      jeans pocket. He finally succeeds in pulling out a black pen-knife, brings
      it to his mouth and works it open. Once it is open, he hesitates, uncertain
      whether to use it on Dean or Wayne or whether to cut his other bond with
      it. He decides to cut his left arm free. But the twisting he has to do
      to reach that arm gets Dean's attention, who turns back, looks over his
      shoulder and sees what Mark is doing.   
 DEAN: Goddam! He's gittin' free, Wayne! Goddam! You tied that there no-account
  rope, didn't you? Well, it done gone and come loose, you idiot! Look! He's
  got him a fuckin' knife too!  
 Dean and Wayne have more or less managed to get Mark's legs tied,
      but it looks like he is going to have his arms free if they don't act quickly.   
   
 Dean launches himself toward Mark and attempts to grab the free,
      knife-wielding hand. Mark is violently slicing at the rope that still binds
      his left arm but he does not manage to cut through it. Dean clutches the
      boy's right wrist, but Mark manages to break free for a moment. In that
      moment, he pulls back and then strikes out at Dean, badly slashing Dean's
      left forearm. Dean yells and drops back.    
 MARK brandishes the knife and says  : I'll cut you!
  Don't you come near me no more or I swear I'll fuckin' cut you both!  
 Dean and Wayne freeze. There is something like a stand-off, but
      it only lasts for a few seconds. Then Mark quickly twists toward his bound
      wrist again in a last, desperate effort to cut himself free.   
    
 Dean and Wayne both pounce as he does so. Together they quickly
      get control of Mark's free arm and together they pull it back down in front
      of the boy. Dean bangs on the hand gripping the knife in an effort to make
      Mark drop it. Finally, Dean literally pries the knife from Mark's grip.
      Once he is disarmed, Mark immediately sags and gives up.    
   
Dean picks up the knife and straddles
      Mark's chest.   
 MARK: Shit! All right! All right! You win! All right!  
 Dean runs his hand down his bleeding arm, his face going white
      with rage as he does so.    
 DEAN: You cut me! You done fuckin' cut me!  
 MARK, now not only defeated but scared by what he sees in Dean's
      face  : I'm sorry, Dean. I'm sorry, man! I won't do it no more.
      Okay. I won't do it no more, man!  
 Mark lifts his free hand up in a gesture of surrender, the palm
      out.   
 DEAN , still livid, says  : No. You sho as hell won't!  
 In fury, Dean then begins to stab Mark in the chest. Again and
      again and again. Mark tries to use his free hand to ward off the blows,
      but it's no use. They continue to rain down.    
 WAYNE in shock  : Dean! Fuck, Dean! You killin' 'im,
  Dean, and we ain't even fucked 'im yet!  
 DEAN still in a rage  : Fuckin' right I'm killin' 'im!
  The little motherfucker up and stabbed me! Well he ain't never gonna do that
  to nobody ever again!  
 Dean continues to bring the knife down. Mark soon ceases to struggle.
      One can hear the sound of blood gurgling in Mark's perforated chest in-between
      Dean's blows. Blood covers Mark's chest, his face, his badly cut right
      hand and arm. Some blood even mixes with the foam that now begins to ooze
      from Mark's mouth and nose. His eyes slowly glaze over, but Dean continues
      to bring the knife down.   
   
 Wayne gets off the bed, stands back and looks down, disgruntled  .  
 WAYNE: You done gone and spoiled it, Dean! He woulda been a good fuck too.
  I just know he woulda been a good 'un. I got a good look at his ass at the
  rec pool more 'n once. It was a beaut just made for fuckin'! A real beaut!
  Shit, Dean! Shit!  
 Wayne stamps on the floor like a thwarted child  .  
 Dean abruptly stops his stabbing, turns and glares at Wayne  .  
 DEAN: You say one more word, shithead, and I'll use this on you. [ He
      points the knife toward Wayne  .] This is all your fault 'cause
      you didn't fuckin' tie his arm tight enough. Jesus! [ Dean exhales,
      begins to calm down a little. Looks back down at the now dead Mark.  ]
      Fucker! Stab me will you, you little fucker! Well, don't nobody stab me
      and git away with it! No way!  
 Dean examines his wounded arm again, then in a final brutal blow,
      buries the blade in the middle of Mark's chest and gets off the bed.   
   
 Holding his bleeding arm, he points at the body.    
   
 DEAN: Clean that up. That's all your fault so you can sure as hell clean
  it up. And no backtalk either or like I said I'll do to you what I just done
  done to him. You understand?  
 Wayne  sighs, shrugs and then slowly moves
      forward to do what Dean has ordered.   
   
   WAYNE: Yeah. I unnerstand.  
END OF FLASHBACK   
    
   
CUT BACK TO THE SCENE IN PROGRESS  :  
 DEAN: Ain't no need to worry 'bout Billy, though. He ain't gonna be no problem
  like that there Mark was. Live and learn they say. Well, we done done that,
  right? You especially. No. Billy ain't gonna pull no surprises. We way too
  smart for that by now. Once we up and decide to git one of these little fuckers
  these days they stay got. Right?  
 WAYNE , nodding but still a little doubtful  : Right
  . . . I guess.  
 DEAN: No guessin' 'bout it, Wayne. Hell, I'm up in the 20s now, that's how
  many boys I done had and I ain't ever lost a one of 'em yet. We didn't even
  lose Mark, if you think about it. He just got botched is all. Well, we ain't
  even gonna botch it with Billy. You'll see.  
 Dean smiles an encouraging smile.    
   
 WAYNE shrugs and says  : May be. May be.  
 DEAN: No maybe about if we can just git Billy back here again. Which we
  will. Hey! Let's go see what happens at the football game tomorrow night. I
  suspect it could be Billy's last damn game in this here life. We wouldn't wanna
  miss that, right!  
  
 END OF SCENE   
SCENE FOUR: LATE FRIDAY NIGHT (NEARING MIDNIGHT):   
Corll is alone in his living room. He is restless. He is drinking.
      Not beer this time but whisky straight from the bottle. He has on a pair
      of soiled tan workpants and another sleeveless undershirt, no shoes or
      socks. He moves about, mumbling as he goes, not so much incoherently as
      angrily  .  
 DEAN: Little shits . . . pricks . . . down a peg or two all of 'em . . .
  Billy yeah . . . last game . . . last . . . cocky bastard . . . [ Dean
  pauses, upends the whisky bottle, resumes his pacing  . More
  mumbling  .] Pussy . . . shit! Stinkin' cunts . . . all of 'em .
  . . Hell!  
 Dean stops, seems to realize he is wasting his time and energy,
      heaves a great sigh and puts the top back on the whisky bottle, then clumsily
      deposits it on a nearby table.    
 DEAN: Bedtime for Bozo. Bozo. Yeah, that's me.  
 Dean checks his wristwatch, once again sighs, and makes to leave
      the room when there is noise at the front door. The door is unlocked, but
      whoever is trying to enter is having some difficulty.   
 DEAN: Wayne, that you? David?  
 Before Dean can reach the door it swings opens and Wayne stumbles
      in with Billy drunkenly propped up against him. Wayne is clearly having
      to expend a considerable amount of effort to keep Billy on his feet.   
 WAYNE: Here. Hep me, Dean. He's done gone and got drunk as a skunk.  
 Dean quickly moves to assist Wayne.    
   
   WAYNE: Where you want 'im?  
 DEAN: On the couch.  
Together they get Billy to the couch.
      Billy giggles and hiccups as they sit him down on it. His head comically
      wobbles and sags. He burps.   
   
   WAYNE: They all went off after the game, Billy and
  a bunch a buds a his. Billy says they had some special kinda moonshine from
  the Red Hill country. Shore looks like it. I ain't never seen Billy like this
  before. He can usually hold his liquor pretty good.  
 DEAN: Well, they did git their asses whipped tonight. I guess they wanted
  to git three sheets to the wind and then some.  
 BILLY giggles from the couch, says  : Whipped our butts!
  Yeah. [ He drops his head back onto the back of the couch and laughs,
  then snorts, then laughs and giggles some more  .] Piggy, piggy,
  piggy! Piggy, piggy, piggy!  
 Wayne looks at Dean and shrugs  .  
 WAYNE: He been doin' that piggy piggy thing off and on ever since I got
  'im in the car. Don't ask me why.  
 DEAN: Anybody see you git him?  
 WAYNE shakes his head no, then says  : I looked round,
  made sure. They just dumped 'im out over near 'is house. Thought he'd just
  walk on home the rest of the way I guess but he then up and started off in
  the other direction, goin' where who knows, but I innercepted 'im and got 'im
  to come on along here with me, but I made sure nobody seen us first.  
DEAN: I b'lieve you. You always been good at that.  
WAYNE nods toward Billy  :
  So there he is, just like you done wanted.  
DEAN scratches his chin, says  :
  I had done give up, was 'bout to go on to bed even. I know you said you'd hang
  out, see what you could do, but I didn't think you'd do it. But dadblame me,
  Wayne, you fuckin' up and went and did it!  
WAYNE: Well, then. Unless you need some more hep,
  I'll go along.  
Even as he speaks Wayne begins to move
      toward the door.    
DEAN is taken by surprise  :
  You not planin' to stay? I mean, look at that. [ Dean gestures toward
  Billy on the couch. The boy's head has dropped back, tilting his adam's apple
  up toward the ceiling. As Wayne and Dean look, a slight snoring begins to sound
  from Billy's nose  .] Don't you want a piece a that? I mean, that's
  prime Texas beef, son. Lone Star fueled and fed too!  
WAYNE shrugs  : Could, I guess.
  Go for 'im, that is. But I feel kinda bad.  
 DEAN: What do you mean you feel kinda bad?  
 WAYNE: I sorta know 'im. More 'n the others anyway. [ Wayne shrugs  .]
  I dunno.  
 DEAN: You knew LOTS of them others! Even better 'n this 'un. Now you up
  and start feelin' like some kinda good friend all of a sudden? [ Dean
  shakes his head, partly in disgust, partly in disbelief.  ] Come
  here and help me get his fuckin' clothes off. Then help me tie him to the board.
  You can do that much at least.  
 Wayne shuffles back to help  .  
 DEAN: You do his feet. I'll git his t-shirt off.  
 Wayne slowly moves over and kneels down to tend to Billy shoes.
      Dean goes around behind the couch, leans over and begins to tug Billy's
      t-shirt up over his torso. Billy laughs when Dean takes his arms and attempts
      to raise them in order to get the t-shirt further up.    
   
 BILLY moaning erotically  : Baby! Baby!  
 DEAN laughs  : I swear he thinks I'm some cunt tryin'
  to git him stripped for action. Hell, he's actually helpin'. Look.  
 A giggling  Billy struggles to keep his arms
      up over his head. With Billy's clumsy help, Dean finally does succeed in
      getting the t-shirt all the way off.   
 BILLY drops his arms and  begins to  rub
      his gorgeous, newly bared chest, repeats  : Baby! Baby!  
 DEAN: I think he's done gone and got a hard-on already just thinkin' about
  it! Look, Wayne.  
 Wayne does not look. He is having trouble with Billy's shoes.   
 WAYNE: There's all these here knots in his shoes. I cain't git 'em undone.  
 DEAN huffs  : Asshole.  
 Dean goes around to the front of the couch. Wayne slips to the
      side to allow Dean access to Billy's feet.   
 DEAN, working on the laces  : Boy, Billy here shore
  could use hisself a new pair of sneakers, couldn't he? [ Dean gets
  the first sneaker off  .] Socks too. [ Dean sniffs the
  air as he pulls the first sock off  .] Wonder when was the last
  time these was washed. [ Dean leans forward toward Billy  .]
  I think he took a shower after the game, though. I can still smell the soap
  some. [ Dean gets the other shoe and the other sock off and then
  stands up.  ] There. So far, so good.  
 Billy is lightly snoring again. His hands have dropped limply
      onto his lap.   
 DEAN to Wayne  : These jeans look tighter n' even the
  ones he had on on Wednesday. Help me git 'em off, Wayne.  
 Wayne goes and sits on one side of Billy, Dean on the other. Dean
      unfastens the top of the jeans, then works the zipper down  .  
 DEAN: Wait'll you see, Wayne. He's got a good dick, a real good dick. Not
  too big, not too small. I can see why those girls wanna go down on it.  
The jeans are now undone.    
 DEAN: Okay, you pull on your side, I'll work 'em down from over here.  
 The effort to get Billy's jeans down finally jostles Billy into
      a state approaching consciousness. He eventually lifts his head and looks
      down at what is happening, struggles to take it in. In a flash, he does.
      Confusion is instantly replaced with consternation, then anger. Billy suddenly
      lurches forward, pushing Wayne and Dean away.   
 BILLY bellows  : Fuckers!!!  
 Billy actually manages to shove Wayne hard. As a result, Wayne
      flies off the couch and bangs his head on the coffee table as he goes down.
      Wayne screeches and rolls over on the floor, momentarily paralyzed, clutching
      the side of his head.    
 Dean continues to clutch at Billy as he stands up. Dean gets him
      around one leg, but Billy still lurches his way toward the door, pulling
      Dean along with him. Dean struggles to pull the boy's pants lower, figuring
      if he can get them down his legs they will retard Billy's progress. But
      the jeans are so tight that Dean only manages to get them down a little.    
BILLY is shouting things like  :
  Fuckers! Queers! Faggot!  
Despite Dean's best efforts, Billy nears
      the front door.   
   
It looks like he is actually going to
      make it out of the house.   
   
When, SUDDENLY, the front door swings
      open and David is standing there, a baseball bat in his hands.   
   
Billy realizes his way is blocked and
      stops. Dean is on his knees, his arms around Billy's legs, trying to bring
      him down that way.    
   
David steps through the door, swings
      the bat back, and then slams Billy upside the head with it.   
   
Billy staggers and then falls, with Dean
      breaking his fall to some extent. Even so, Billy goes down fairly hard.   
   
Dean lets go of Billy's body and moves
      away, breathing hard, sprawled on the floor.   
   
He looks up at David, smiles through
      his heavy breathing, and says  : Well, talk about good timin',
      pardner! I guess you done gone and won first prize for sure!  
  
 END OF SCENE   
  
SCENE FIVE: THE SAME PLACE, IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWING THE PREVIOUS
      SCENE   
 David puts the baseball bat in the corner, then goes and shuts
      and locks the front door.    
   
 Dean is still sprawled on the floor, laughing now.    
   
 DEAN: Whew! That was close. We were gonna lose him for sure once he got
  out that there door. Yellin' for all the neighborhood to hear too. And him
  with his pants down past his knees practically. I can't b'lieve you just showed
  up like that. I can't hardly b'lieve it.  
 David says nothing, just come over to Dean and helps get back
      up on his feet  .  
 DEAN: You a lifesaver, David! That's what you are!  
 Dean slaps David on the back. David accepts the gratitude with
      little reaction  .  
 Dean  gestures toward Billy, who lies prone
      and unconscious on the floor.   
 DEAN: Help me git him on the board while he's still out. [ He
      points toward the couch  .] It's under there. But you know that.  
 David makes his way over to the couch, sees Wayne still moaning
      and clutching his head, and laughs a kind of cold laugh.   
   
   DAVID: Billy up and gave good ole Wayne a headache,
  huh.  
 DEAN to Wayne  : You ain't kilt yet, Wayne. Stop the
  moanin' and groanin' for God's sake.  
 WAYNE whining  : It hurts! It hurts!  
 Dean and David look at each other, both amused.   
   
 David bends down and pulls the bondage board out from under the
      couch  .  
 The bondage torture board is a thick piece of plywood about three
      feet wide and six feet long. It is nailed to two parallel lengths of 2x4s,
      also about six feet long. The 2x4s run along underneath the board like
      the blades on the bottom of a sled. They are the "feet," the foundation
      on which the plywood board rests. The plywood board itself has pairs of
      holes cut in it at the top and at the bottom. The holes are relatively
      small but big enough for lengths of rope to pass through. The ropes are
      used to tie the person to the board once he is placed on it. Lengths of
      rope are already in place in some of the holes, ready for just that eventuality.   
   
 While Wayne is getting the board out from under the couch, Dean
      has gone to a closet and pulled out a sheet of plastic that is slightly
      wider and bigger than the torture board once he unfolds it. He spreads
      the plastic out on the floor, then helps David put the torture board down
      on top of it.    
 DEAN to David  : You cleaned up the board real good
  from the last time, David. I mean, there's still some stains and stuff, but
  I can't hardly tell it got that much blood and stuff on it like it did.  
 DAVID, who never has too much to say, says simply  :
  Thanks.  
 DEAN stands up, says  : Now for those goddam jeans
  a his. I'll be glad when boys git back to wearin' loose jeans like they used
  to. That's why me and Wayne got into trouble with him, tryin' to git those
  dadblamed tight jeans of his off.  
 They  go over to where Billy lies on his
      back, unconscious.   
 DEAN: He's still breathin.' For a moment I thought you mighta up and killed
  him you hit him so hard.  
 DAVID without humor  : I judged what it would take.  
 DEAN nods, laughs, says  : I guess so.  
 Together they work Billy's jeans off. Then Dean removes the jockey
      shorts as well.   
 DEAN, nodding toward the now nude Billy  : Nice, ain't
  he. More strappin' than some of them kids we done had recently. I'm ready for
  a little muscle, how 'bout you?  
 DAVID: I wouldn't mind it.  
 Wayne has left the room. Neither Dean nor David seems to notice
      or care  .  
 DEAN: I once did a hitchhikin' college kid who looked somethin' like Billy.
  He was one of my first actually. He was lookin' to get his rock off and 'greed
  to go back to my place which is where I took 'em off for real once I got 'im
  good and drunk and strapped down and all. You should a seen his eyes when I
  finally sliced 'em off. Bug-eyed don't even come close!  
 David smiles but says nothing  .  
 Together Dean and David haul Billy's body over to the torture
      board  .  
 DEAN: Flip 'im over onto his stomach. I wanna plug his ass right off. Once
  he comes to, that is. I like 'em to know what's happenin' to 'em, you know.  
 DAVID, with a little more animation  : I know.  
 Billy is placed face-down on the board. Because of his height,
      his feet are off the board.    
 DEAN, who begins to loop and then tie the ropes around Billy's
      wrists  : He's almost too big for this here thing, ain't he?
      One day I gotta make a new torture rack. I once had two but they both up
      and got busted one way or the other. Just tie the ropes round his legs
      anyhow. He ain't gonna go nowhere.  
 The ropes are soon tied, top and bottom, but there is a certain
      amount of give in them. Billy, once he is conscious again, will be able
      to jerk and pull on the board to some extent, even though the knots that
      are actually tied around his legs and wrists are fairly tight.   
 DEAN looks around  : Where's Wayne done got hisself
  off to?  
 DAVID: Pissin' or nursin' his head, I guess. One or the other.  
 DEAN: Prob'bly the other. You know how Wayne hates to git hurt. He sure
  don't mind dishin' it out but he's a real pussy when it come to bein' on the
  receivin' end.  
 DAVID laughs a knowing laugh  : You right there.  
 DEAN, standing up to survey their victim  : Jesus!
  I knew he was a good 'un but I didn't know he was gonna look this damn good.  
 DAVID: Lotsa nice boy there, sho-nuff.  
 DEAN: He's even got some muscle in his ass just like I thought.  
 DAVID, who now assumes his task is done, walks over and sits down
      on the couch and says  : Hmmm. [ agreeing, but not
      actually paying much attention  ]  
 DEAN: You saved the day, so it's only fair if you wanna go at 'im first
  once he comes to.  
 DAVID: Naw. I know how much you been wantin' to git your hands on this 'un.
  I'll just sit here and watch for a while. Wouldn't mind havin' me a beer though.  
 DEAN grins  : Least I can do by way of thanks, I guess.
  Your wish [ Dean bows a mock bow  .] is my command.  
 Dean leaves the room to get the beer.   
   
 Billy begins to moan while Dean is away. David tilts his head
      and watches, smirking a bit, as Billy starts to move his limbs a little.
      He pulls against the restraints on his wrists and legs but is still basically
      unconscious, not really aware yet of the predicament he is in.   
 Dean returns with the beer. He has also opened one for himself.
      He hands David his beer, takes a swig of the one he opened for himself,
      then fishes a pill bottle from his pants pocket, opens it and pops a couple
      of pills into his mouth, which he then washes down with another swig of
      the beer.   
    
 DAVID, having taken a few gulps of his beer  : He's
  comin' round.  
 DEAN: I can see. I thought it might take a lot longer.  
 DAVID: 'Parently not. [ He sips his beer  .] He's a
  hardheaded guy, I guess.  
 DEAN: All the better. Means he's strong and will last a while maybe. A few
  days at least. I wouldn't mind that at all. It's been a while since one was
  good enough to keep around for any length of time.  
 Dean goes over and squats down by the board  .  
 DEAN: Yeah, he's definitely comin' round all right. His eyelids is flutterin'
  all up and down. Guess I can git myself ready.  
 Dean begins to disrobe, tossing the clothes onto the floor by
      the couch. His t-short comes off; then his workpants. He leaves on his
      boxer shorts. For now.   
   
 Billy painfully lifts his head a few inches up from the board.   
 BILLY, moaning  : Ohhhh, shiiiit! What the fuuuuck?  
 He tries to push himself up but can't. He slips back down, confused
      and consternated. He tries again. Fails again  .  
 Dean stands by and watches, rubbing his crotch as he does so.   
 DEAN: Look at the way his butt does. It up and dimples every time he makes
  a effort. Ain't that sexy as hell!  
 DAVID peers over from the couch, murmurs  : That's
  real nice, yeah.  
 Billy finally seems to get some focus on the situation. He appears
      to take in that he is tied down, restrained. He next turns his head and
      sees Dean massaging his crotch.   
 BILLY, in a surprisingly loud voice for someone who has so recently
      been unconscious:   You ain't gonna fuck me! You ain't gonna
      fuck me!  
 DEAN laughs, says to Billy  : I knew you was a smart
  one. Lots of the little motherfuckers I done done don't seem to know what's
  happenin' to 'em even when I'm actually in the act of bustin' their little
  butt-cherrries wide open. "What you doin'? What you doin'?" they ask even as
  I'm a-pokin' away at 'em.  
 BILLY, staring up from where he lies tied to the board  :
  Don't you fuck me, I say! You fuck me and I'll fuckin' kill you! I swear I'll
  fuckin' kill you, you fuck me!  
 DEAN laughs again, bends down and says  : Sticks and
  stones may break my bones but threats they never done hurt me. So far anyway.
  And as for fuckin', I'm afraid we are. Yes indeedy we are. More 'n once too.  
 Billy begins to violently jerk and strain at the ropes tied around
      his wrists and legs. He is strong enough, and the bindings have enough
      give in them, that he actually manages to make the board move, slip and
      slide and skip and jump a bit.   
 DAVID laughs from the couch, says  : Goddam! You sure
  gone and got yoself a live one on that there line this time, Dean. The last
  one who went on like that was that there Ruben guy. 'Member him?  
 DEAN: Sure, I remember Ruben. He had that wiry body and cute little pug
  nose. He was a nice kid really but he sure did put up a struggle to start with.
  I almost let him go there at the end, you know. Or maybe you don't. He said
  he'd help like you and Wayne do. Gittin' me boys, that is. But I couldn't trust
  him. I just couldn't trust him  
 FLASHBACK:    
 A cute, pug-nosed kid is nude, face-up on the bed in the back
      room. His arms are tied together to the top of the headboard, but his legs
      and feet are free. He is seventeen, maybe even eighteen, but slim and attractively
      boyish-looking.    
   
 RUBEN: I promise I'll hep you, Dean. I know I went and yelled and all at
  the start of this here thang but you done seen now how I settled down and all.
  I give good head as well as tail, you done said so yoself. And I like it, I
  do. My stepdad, the one before this one I now got, he made me suck 'im off
  sometimes when mama was away or angry at 'im, and I didn't mind it much. Now
  I don't mind it all. I ain't lyin.' You know me real good by now. We done had
  some good talks and all. So you don't have to kill me none now 'cause I done
  proved myself, right?  
 A gun comes into camera-view . . . and the hand holding it.    
 RUBEN looks nervous but tries not to  : Don't joke
  around with that there gun, Dean. That makes me nervous your jokin' round with
  that there gun.  
 DEAN is heard but not seen, saying  : Bang! Bang!  
 RUBEN laughs, again a bit nervously  . Way funny, Dean,
  yeah! Way funny!  
 The gun lifts toward the boy's nose. There is a pause. Then the
      gun really explodes.   
   
 BANG!   
   
 The screen fills with white for a second, then snaps back onto
      Ruben's shocked face. Where his nose was, there is now a mangled but surprisingly
      contained circle of damaged tissue. Blood is streaming down from the nose,
      but Ruben is still conscious  .  
 RUBEN , astonished, opens his mouth, which begins to fill with
      blood, and says  : You done gone and shot me for real, Dean!
      You done gone and shot me for real!  
 The camera follows the gun as it slowly rises to the middle of
      Ruben's dramatically sweating forehead  .  
 There is a second huge BANG! And the screen goes while again,
      this time for good.   
   
 CUT BACK to the SCENE IN PROGRESS   
 DEAN , remembering  : Yeah, Ruben he was a nice kid
  mostly.  
 The sounds of Billy's renewed struggling return him to the present
      moment  .  
 DEAN: Not like this here little prick. This is one of those little pricks
  that whatever he gits he's gonna have deserved bigtime. [ Dean directs
  his attention to Billy  .] Ain't that right, Billy boy? You deserve
  to be fucked up the ass, don't you? Considerin' all the fuckin' round you done
  done yourself ever since you was what? Nine or ten, I bet. Not to mention all
  the shit you done caused your dad and your mom and your teachers and all, all
  these years, right? Hell, you deserve more 'n a dick up your ass is what I
  think, but a dick'll do for now. Oh, yeah.  
 Dean finally strips his boxer shorts off and moves in to get at
      Billy's ass.    
   
 It is not easy. The bonds give Billy enough leeway to both lift
      and turn and twist his hips and upper body some.    
 DAVID from the couch  : You not gonna use no petrol
  jelly or nothin'?  
 DEAN, struggling to get properly positioned over Billy's anxiously
      flexing, constantly twisting ass  : No. This boy's one of those
      dry-fuck types, I'm thinkin'. Look at that crack of his. If I can just
      git 'him to hold still long enough it'll direct me straight on in and then
      his own sweat'll be all the lube I'll need. 'Sides, I'm ready for a dry
      fuck for a change. I don't mind if pokin' this 'un is a little hard the
      first time. What I know is it's gonna be a whole lot harder on him than
      it's gonna be on me.  
 DAVID begins to laugh as Dean continues to have trouble breaching
      Billy's ass  .  
 DAVID: I wouldn't be so sure 'bout that. From where I sit, it's lookin'
  as hard on you as it is on him at this point.  
 Dean continues his struggle to penetrate Billy's ass, but Billy
      continues to successfully resist, yelling such things as  :
      Git off me you fuckin' queer! Git the fuck of me! I'm gonna kill your fuckin'
      pansy ass soon as I git loose from here, swear I am! You not gonna put
      that thang in me! No way! I'll die 'fore I let you put that there fuckin'
      thang in me!  
 David begins to toss about on the couch with laughter.    
   
   DAVID: It's like one of them mechanical bulls they
  got down to the Iron Cowboy dancebar! Hahaha! It's just like somethin' out
  of the goddam rodeo!  
 Dean is clearly getting less amused by the minute.   
 DEAN, finally angry and frustrated, turns toward David and yells  :
  Stop yo damn laughin' and git your butt over here and help me, you jerk!  
 David slowly gets up off the couch and makes his way over to the
      torture board, but he continues to laugh.   
 DEAN to David as he gets close  : Can it, you asshole!
  Now grab his fuckin' arms or somethin'!  
 DAVID squats down in front of Billy's head at the top of the board.
      He reaches out and bops the top of Billy's head and says  :
      Quit it! You just makin' it hard on yoself though it is kinda fun watchin'
      Dean work up a sweat like this. [ David bops Billy on the head
      a second time  ].  
 Billy lets fly with a torrent of x-rated expletives  !  
 David's face immediately darkens, then goes livid. All of his
      humor has vanished in an instant.    
 DAVID in a low, furious, menacing voice  : Don't nobody
  talk to me like that, buster!  
 David draws back his fists and begins to pummel Billy in the face.
      Non-stop and hard!    
   
 Dean, who is still trying to plug Billy's ass, tries to swat David
      away  .  
 DEAN: Hey, stop that! I didn't mean for you to do THAT!  
 David ignores Dean and continues to punch Billy in the face.   
 DEAN: Stop it, I said! You gonna go and kill the sombitch and you know I
  don't like no dead fuck!  
 Finally Dean lands a pretty solid blow himself in the middle of
      David's chest. David gasps and falls back. He then rises and turns away,
      rubbing his fist as if it might be bruised. In a huff, he goes back and
      sits back down on the couch where he takes his glasses off in order to
      wipe away the spots of blood that spattered up from Billy's face when David
      was hitting him.    
  
 David's assault on Billy's face has momentarily stunned Billy.
      That gives Dean his chance, and he finally manages to sink all the way
      down into Billy's  ass.   
 DEAN: Ahhhh! That's it. I'm all the way in at last! Ain't gonna be no turnin'
  back now! Ha!  
 Dean now begins to hump Billy without much difficulty.   
 Wayne finally returns, walks over, and looks down at Billy's face,
      which is bruised and streaming blood.   
 WAYNE: What you gone and messed up his face for?  
 BILLY, seeing Wayne  : Help me, Wayne! Get 'im off
  me, Wayne! You my friend, Wayne! Make 'im stop!  
 WAYNE is quiet for a moment, then says  : You suck
  me off I will.  
 Billy looks as if he hasn't heard right.   
 BILLY: What?  
WAYNE: I said you suck me off and I'll make him
  stop. Not until though.  
Wayne promptly unzips, whips his cock
      out, and then playfully waves it in Billy's face.   
   
BILLY, in a whine  : I cain't
  suck on that, Wayne.  
WAYNE: Yes you can. You bite it, though, I won't
  hep you at all. I'll let Dean kill you straight off in fact 'cause that's what
  he likes to do most of anything. Kill good ole boys like you dead. Specially
  if they don't do as they's told.  
Dean is watching as he humps, enjoying
      the new twist on things.    
   
DEAN winks at Wayne and says  :
  Suck him like he says. Then if he really wants me to let you go after that
  I will.  
Another wink conveys that this last statement
      is a lie.    
At the sound of Dean's voice, Billy goes
      wild. He let loose again with all the cuss words he can think of. He also
      starts to buck again, but Dean stays on (and in him) despite the new effort
      Billy makes to throw Dean off.    
   
Finally Billy begins to tire, of the
      bucking and the yelling.   
WAYNE takes advantage of the lull and
      says  : Come on, Billy, it ain't hard to do.  
Wayne moves closer to Billy and catches
      him by the hair and lifts his head up, but relatively gently, as if not
      to hurt Billy too much.   
   
WAYNE: Come on. Suck on it, Billy. Least a little.
  Then we'll let you go. Promise.  
Billy sobs, sniffles, hesitates, then
      seems to lose all power of resistance.   
   
He closes his eyes and lets Wayne slip
      his cock into his mouth.   
As Dean continues to fuck Billy, Wayne
      makes him give head. Billy gags a couple of times but does not upchuck.    
WAYNE: Slurp on it. Do more slurpin' on it. That's
  right. Oh yeah.  
Dean picks up his pace, nears climax,
      then suddenly comes, fairly violently. He digs his fingers into the flesh
      on Billy's shoulders as he does so, leaving red marks when he finally pulls
      out and gets off Billy. Wayne immediately pulls his dick from Billy's mouth
      and moves around to the boy's ass to take up where Dean left off  .  
WAYNE: My turn!  
Wayne quickly strips from below the waist,
      kneels, moves forward, and promptly plugs Billy's ass himself.    
DEAN from where he is now sitting on
      the floor, watching Wayne fuck Billy  : He's a tight one. Ain't
      he, Wayne? He's a good and tight one.  
WAYNE: Oh yeah! Oh yeah!  
BILLY grunts and sobs and says  :
  You didn't have to do this. Why'd you all got to go and do this to me?  
Dean notices that his dick is dirty from
      being in Billy's ass. He gets up, gets Billy's discarded t-shirt, and begins
      to clean himself with it.    
DEAN, while  wiping
      at himself  : You mean you woulda let us poke you up the ass
      if we had just gone and asked you to pretty-please let us do it? I don't
      b'lieve that for a minute.  
Dean finishes wiping his dick and throws
      the t-shirt down on the floor  .  
BILLY: It ain't right. You ain't oughta do this
  to another guy. It ain't right.  
DEAN: You let me blow you without much complainin'
  if I remember correctly, and I didn't think guys was supposed to let other
  guys do that to them either.  
BILLY: A blowjob's different.  
Billy's face twists in pain as Wayne
      slams harder, then harder as he get closer to releasing his load  .  
DEAN, sounding both accusing and triumphant  :
  Yeah, ones you git but don't give. You ole boys are all selfish little pricks,
  that's what I know. So I don't even bother to ask you no more. I just take
  what I want when I decide I want it. And I was wantin' your ass the first time
  Wayne done brung you over here. He knew I would. Well, now I done had it, that's
  all.  
Wayne cums, doing a little high-pitched
      squeal he does.    
   
Dean and David both laugh in reaction
      to the sound.   
DAVID to Wayne  : You sho
  do make you a funny sound when you cum, Wayne.  
WAYNE, as he slips out of Billy, then
      slides off and over onto his back beside him  : Fuck you!  
But Wayne laughs a bit himself  .  
BILLY in a spent, depressed tone of voice  :
  Let me go now. You all done had your fun. Let me go like you said.  
DEAN: And let you kill us? 'Cause that's what you
  said you was gonna do if we fucked you, right? Well, we done up and fucked
  you real good so I guess our lives is in danger now. So's we can't take that
  chance and let you go, now can we? No way!  
BILLY: Come on, Dean. I ain't gonna kill you. How'm
  I gonna kill you? I don't even wanna act like I know you no more once I get
  outa here. Honest. I don't wanna even know your name no more.  
DEAN: Nice try, Billy. But too many boys done gone
  missin' from round here. And you would talk. I know you would. That or go and
  git yourself a gun and come back and kill us like you said you would whether
  you now say you won't or not. No, we can't let you go now. 'Sides, we ain't
  through havin' our fun yet. And if I ain't mistaken it's David here's turn
  now. Right, David?  
David nods, smiles, and get up off the
      couch, unbuttoning his jeans as he does so.   
   
There is now a series of fairly quick,
      feverishly edited cuts: David fucking Billy, Wayne fucking Billy a second
      time   [during which we hear Billy saying to Wayne: "It hurts,
      Wayne. Stop. It hurts, Wayne."] followed by Dean for his second
      time, followed by David with a dildo, which he proceeds to push up Billy's
      ass while jerking off   [during which Billy yells, "I cain't
      take that! I cain't take that!"].  Billy screams and throws up
      while being humped with the dildo. More quick, feverish shots: Dean popping
      more pills, then Dean, Wayne, and Billy untying Billy and hauling him up
      while holding tightly to him, then leading him off to the bathroom, where
      David mops Billy's face and chest and crotch and ass with a sponge while
      Dean and Wayne hold Billy up, then to the bedroom, where Billy is secured
      face-down on the bed, resisting as his right arm is about to be tied, but
      finally forced to submit by Dean and Wayne.   
   
   
The camera finally resumes its normal survey of the action:    
DEAN, with his hands on his hips, tired
      but content, looks down once Billy is fully secured, yawns, and says to
      Billy:   Well, I'm off to my trundlebed, as my mom use to call
      it. I've never quite known what a trundlebed is actually but that's what
      she used to call it, and I still do sometimes. It must be goin' on five
      by now. In the mornin', that is. We all done done in. Almost as bad as
      you are even. So rest up and dream sweet dreams now, you here?  
Dean laughs, turns, and slowly leaves
      the room.    
   
   
Final shot of Billy spread-eagled on the bed, bleary-eyed, bruised,
      and defeated, slowly closing his eyes as exhaustion pitches him into a
      deep sleep.    
SCENE SIX:    
 Dean is nude, sitting at the table in his bedroom, and once again
      writing on the yellow pad.    
   
VOICEOVER:    
 DEAN: I went the whole dang day yesterday without poking Billy once. That's
  how tired I was. But Wayne he came over and did. I heard him and Billy talkin'
  while he did it too but they didn't know I was listenin' which made it all
  the more fun.  
 FLASHBACK  : The camera gazes over Dean's
      shoulder through the partly cracked door into the back room where Billy
      lies secured to the bed. Wayne is in the act of fucking Billy, but we hear
      Billy talking.    
 BILLY, twisting his head around so as to be heard better  :
  You gotta let me go, Wayne. I won't tell nobody 'bout any of this. Promise.
  But you gotta let me go.  
 Wayne mumbles something. It's not quite clear what, given that
      Wayne's face is pretty much buried in the hair at the back of Billy's neck.    
   
   BILLY again  : He got you into
  this, right, Wayne? I know he did. He's one sick motherfucker, Wayne. You better'n
  this. Hell, you like girls, I know you do. But that there Dean he's queer all
  the way through, man. He's queer all the way through and he's done gone and
  made you catch it, man. But you ain't really queer, I know you ain't.  
 Wayne again mumbles unintelligibly  .  
 BILLY: You should kill him, Wayne. Let me go and I'll help you to do it,
  I promise. He couldn't do nothin' 'gainst the two of us, Wayne. Aiiiii! That
  hurts, Wayne! Don't go so hard at it! Why you got to go and do this to me,
  Wayne? I was a bud, man. I was a bud.  
 Wayne lifts his head up and is actually intelligible his time.   
 WAYNE: He pays good. Reeeaaal gooood. Where'm I gonna git the money from
  if'n we kills him, even thinkin' we could? No. I'm sorry Billy but he already
  done said he's gonna pay me five hunnerd bucks for you, friend or no friend.
  It's just your bad luck is all. 'Sides, you wanted to come over here. You was
  hot for a blowjob. You didn't say that but I knew that's what you was thinkin'.
  But now you know the whole. It's a lot more 'n blowjobs, ain't it? Which is
  why Dean cain't let you go now and I wants this car I done seen and like I
  said anyway that thousand bucks, well it'll sure hep.  
 The camera returns to Dean's face. Dean grins, even laughs a little,
      but quietly, so as not to be heard, then turns and goes away.    
   
 End of flashback: Return to scene in progress  .  
   
 Dean continuing to write:    
 VOICEOVER:    
 DEAN: Well, I was back to my old self today. Didn't even need any of them
  pills to get me up and goin' either. I called in sick even since I felt so
  good and want to play with Billy some more while he's still fit enough for
  it. Billy he was a-lookin' a little bit parched to start with--his lips bein'
  sorta cracked and all--so I went and got him a beer, then two, and he drunk
  'em both down like he ain't never had nothing to drink for days and I guess
  he hadn't since Saturday night maybe.  
 FLASHBACK SHOT  :   Dean
      straddled Billy's back, holding his head up while helping him drink a bottle
      of Lone Star.   
   
   
   VOICEOVER continues:    
I think he's pretty much cleaned out in the shit
  department but I had to change the towel David had under his dick 'cause he
  had peed again at some point. Not bad, but it was still a little damp and all.  
FLASHBACK SHOT:  Dean
      changing the towels under Billy's groin  .  
 VOICEOVER resumes:   
 That skin of his still looks real pretty, though. Girl-pretty again, even
  if he's all boy otherwise as I proved by pullin' his dick out from down under
  between his legs and strokin' it till it got hard. It's a real nice bone actually.
  I can see why all them girls been wantin' to go down on it.  
FLASHBACK SHOT  : Dean
      doing what he just described.   
 VOICEOVER continues over the flashback:  I made 'im
  cum too, which he did even in that position. There was a little blood in the
  cum, which there was a surprisin' amount of--given how he ain't been eatin'
  or drinkin' much since Wayne brought him in. The blood probably comes from
  where his prostrates done gone and got ruptured or something. I've seen it
  happen before after a guy's had his butt hard-fucked over a short period a
  time like Billy has. Some bleed from the ass too, but Billy he ain't done that
  once. That's how well built for fuckin' he is.  
 A pause as Dean finishes masturbating Billy and now prepares to
      fuck him again.   
   
   
   VOICEOVER  :  
 DEAN: Then I fucked 'im again.  
 FLASHBACK:    
 Dean fucking Billy on the bed. Dean pushes Billy's hair away from
      the back of his neck and randomly bites down on the neck.    
   
 BILLY: Dean, I'm gittin' where I kinda like it, Dean. I mean, it don't feel
  so bad no more anyway.  
 DEAN, pausing in his biting of Billy's neck  : That
  right?  
 BILLY: Yeah. So what do you think? I could promise to come by anytime you
  wanted . . . you know . . . to play . . . and you could . . . you know . .
  . do this or whatever . . . you know.  
 DEAN, while continuing to hump Billy, but getting a bit breathless
      as his climax nears  : Likely story. I know what you'd do. You'd
      go tell somebody. Maybe that hard-ass dad of yours or somebody and I'd
      be in deep shit. No thank you! That or you'd come back huntin' for me yourself
      like I said. No thank you again.  
 BILLY, with desperation  : But you cain't just KILL
  me, Dean! I mean, why would you just KILL me? You'll get caught for sure you
  do that. Caught and sent up for the 'lectric chair. You cain't just kill people
  and get away with it.  
 DEAN: Billy, honey, I been killin' me kids like you for several years now
  and I ain't been caught yet. Know what more? I ain't gonna ever BE caught either.
  Know why? 'Cause I'm smart, that's why. I got me a routine down pat by now.
  Wayne and David they help. When they stop helpin', well, then they go bye-bye
  too. That's all. You can even tell Wayne I said that next time you two do any
  more lovey-dovey pillowtalk the way you was doin' yesterday. It won't make
  no difference, though. I wave me some Uncle Sam dollars in front of Wayne's
  face and he does just what I want. That's how it's worked. That's how it's
  gonna keep workin' until I get too old for this shit. Which, I have to tell
  you, ain't gonna be any time soon. Not soon enough for you to save your ass
  anyway. Speakin' of which . . . .  
 And Dean humps hard until he cums.   
   
 Return to Scene in Progress: Dean writing at the table   
 Dean stops writing. Listens as if he hears something. Gets up
      and leaves the room. Heads for the back where Billy is tied to the bed.    
   
 Dean enters the room and looks at the boy on the bed. Billy is
      gagged but moaning, pulling, tossing to the extent he can.    
Dean sighs, goes to the bed and ungags
      Billy.   
   
BILLY in a weak-sounding voice  :
  Dean? . . . Dean?  
Billy turns his head around to look at
      Dean.   
   
DEAN: You spoke?  
BILLY, teary-voiced  : I don't
  wanna go to hell, Dean. And I know that's where I'll go if you . . . . Please
  don't make me go to hell, Dean. I ain't been good. I ain't been good at all.  
Dean seems partly irritated, partly turned
      on by Billy's anguish. Dean begins to rub himself, get hard.   
DEAN: There ain't no heaven and there ain't no
  hell, and even if there is I don't give a damn either way.  
BILLY: I think there is. I think there is. I didn't
  but now I do.  
DEAN begins to move in to fuck Billy
      again, says  : The only place you gonna go is into a hole in
      the ground out there by the reservoir. But if'n it makes you feel any better
      you won't be alone out there anyway. We been plantin' kids out there for
      some time now. Must be over a dozen or so.  
BILLY: I don't wanna go to hell. I don't wanna
  go to hell.  
DEAN, positioning himself to enter Billy  :
  You done started to repeat yourself. Why you boys always up and start repeatin'
  yourselves?  
BILLY: I don't wanna go to hell. I don't wanna
  go to hell.  
DEAN , now just irritated  :
  You 'fraid of hell, Billy? Well, this is hell, Billy!  
And with that Dean violently splits Billy's
      ass. Billy utters a loud groan, then drops his head forward onto the mattress.
      The violent fuck now proceeds in silence, except for the various snorts
      and moans Dean now makes as he fucks Billy as hard as he has perhaps ever
      fucked anybody. Billy appears to faint halfway through it.   
  
 END OF SCENE   
SCENE SEVEN:    
 BEGINS WITH  : A second series of quickly
      edited shots to suggest the passage of time. Billy being cleaned, tended,
      fucked again. Dean writing, taking a shower, going to work, returning home,
      drinking, popping pills, going in to see how a gagged Billy is doing, feeding
      Billy more beer, more fucking.    
 FINALLY the camera settles down  :
      Dean is sitting on the couch in the living room. He is dressed except for
      bare feet.    
   
 Wayne enters, shuffles over to the couch, nods toward the back
      of the house.    
   
 WAYNE: How's he doin'?  
 DEAN, who is sipping a beer  : Just fine, thank you
  very much. You want to fuck 'im some more? He's still givin' good tail considerin'.  
 WAYNE shrugs, says  : Maybe next time.  
 DEAN, between sips of his beer  : There may not be
  a next time. He's startin' to wear on me if you wanna know. Been talkin' 'bout
  hell and heaven and shit like that yesterday.  
 WAYNE shrugs again, but there is a new energy in voice as he says  :
  You want me to hep when you git ready to do him?  
 DEAN, looking amused  : I sometimes think that the
  part you like best. The actual killin' time part.  
 WAYNE smiles a wan smile, says  : Sometimes it is.  
 DEAN laughs, says  : Sure. You can help me then when
  the time comes.  
 WAYNE: When?  
DEAN appears to think, says  :
  Tomorrow after work.  
WAYNE grins an excited little grin, says  :
  Good.  
DEAN, grinning back  : Yeah.
  Good.  
 END  OF SCENE   
SCENE EIGHT  :  
 Dean returns home from work. Enters the house. Looks around. Cocks
      his head to hear. From a distance we hear BILLY saying: "Please, Wayne,
      let me go. I won't tell nobody. Please, Wayne, let me go. I won't tell
      nobody." There is a sudden silence, then Wayne enters the living room,
      zipping his pants back up.    
 DEAN: So you ARE here.  
 WAYNE: Thought I'd git one more in 'fore good ole Billy bit the dust. He's
  still a hot fuck. You sure you wanna off 'im today? There's still some good
  pokin' to be had if what I just had is any innication.  
 DEAN: No, he's dead as of today. I done got tired of 'im. I git tired of
  'em all after a while. You know that.  
 Wayne shrugs, says:   Your choice. Then goes
      out to get himself a beer.    
   
 David now enters through the front door  .  
 DEAN: Well, hello, stranger. Thought you'd done up and forgot where we live
  here.  
 DAVID smiles a cold smile, says  : Been busy. [ He
      gestures toward the back  .] He still around?  
 DEAN, finishing his beer, stands up  : Wayne and me
  are just about to put 'im out of his misery actually. Wayne says he'll help
  me out to the reservoir but the more's the merrier if you want to join in before
  that. This'll be your last chance, though.  
 DAVID considers, smiles, then says  : Where's that
  dildo? I wouldn't mind doin' that one more time while I jack off.  
 DEAN laughs, says  : You really done gone and got into
  that dildo, boy.  
 DAVID: Diff'rent strokes for diff'rent folks.  
 DEAN laughs again, replies  : You said it, I guess.
  Come on, then. It and him is in the back, ready and waitin' for you.  
 They head for the back room. Wayne joins them, chugging his beer
      as he brings up the rear.   
   
   
   CUT to the bedroom. Dean, David,
      and Wayne enter  .  
 Billy hears them, lifts and turns his head back, takes them in,
      then drops his head back down on the bed.   
  
 Wayne goes to the corner, sits in a chair, finishes his beer,
      and then begins to unzip and dig his dick out of his pants.   
   
 Dean goes to a chest of drawers, opens the top one, removes the
      dildo, and hands it to David.   
 DEAN: Here 'tis. Let 'er rip, cowboy!  
 David smiles, takes the dildo, gets up on the bed, and positions
      himself between Billy's secured, splayed legs.   
 BILLY begs  : Please, yawl! Don't do no more! Please!
  Please, yawl! Don't do no more. I cain't take no more. I swear I just cain't
  take no more.  
 DAVID: Wanna bet?  
 With that, David begins to work the dildo into Billy's ass.   
   
 Billy squeals, groans, moans, etc. as David begins to shove the
      dildo in and out while unzipping and freeing his dick in order to jack
      off while he does so.   
   
 WAYNE , while jacking off in his corner  : Oh yeah!
  Oh yeah!  
 Dean unzips, frees his cock, and climbs up on the bed next to
      Billy's head, where he straddles Billy's tied right arm, then lifts Billy's
      head and turns and pulls it toward him until Billy is positioned to take
      his cock into his mouth. Billy is in great discomfort, as well as awkwardly
      positioned, but he opens his mouth and does his best to suck Dean off.   
   
   DEAN: Yeah, motherfucker! One good blowjob deserves
  another, right? Now you know that. Right, you little motherfucker?  
 As each makes his own unique orgasmic sounds, all three cum at
      the exact same time.   
   
 ALL: Ahhhhh! [ or variations thereon  ]  
 A long moment passes as they all recover from their respective
      orgasms.    
   
 David is the first to really move and begin to put himself back
      together.   
   
DAVID, re-zipping his pants  :
  You and Wayne can take it from here, I guess. I'm gonna go git me a beer but
  I'll hang around to help you load him up anyway.  
David leaves.   
DEAN looks across to Wayne, says  :
  The usual?  
Wayne has gotten his zipper stuck and
      is focused on it but answers:   Sure. The usual's good.  
DEAN shakes his head, says  :
  You a real asshole, Wayne. You know that?  
WAYNE protests, still struggling with
      his zipper  : Ain't neither. I just got my zipper stuck is all.
      Could happen to anybody.  
DEAN: Yeah, it could, but somehow it always seems
  to be you when stuff goes wrong, don't it?  
WAYNE: Fuck you!  
Dean laughs and goes and gets a rope
      out of the chest of drawers. The rope is thick but soft-woven and about
      four feet in length.    
 Billy has recovered enough to follow Dean's movements. He watches
      Dean approach the bed with the rope and says:   
 BILLY: Don't kill me. Don't kill me. Please don't kill me.  
 DEAN to Wayne, who has finally managed to zip himself back up  :
  Why you think so many of 'em always got to go and turn into broke records like
  this at the end. [ In a mocking tone  ] "Don't kill me
  me. Don't kill me. Please don't kill me." [ Directs his words to
  Billy now  ] I mean, fuck, Billy. Can't you be more original than
  that?  
 BILLY: Please, Dean. I'm only sixteen, Dean.  
 DEAN: Sweet sixteen! Perfect age to die if you ask me. I mean, think about
  it Billy. If me and Wayne don't do you this way, you just gonna go and git
  old and bald and fat and mean like your dad, whereas right now you at your
  physical and sexual peak or pretty damn near. [ Dean slaps Billy
  on the butt  .] Yo ass sho is anyway. 'Sides, your little life don't
  mean shit. You done realized that yourself long before now, Billy, don't tell
  me you ain't. All you little shits never was worth anything anyway. Trash each
  and every one. Pretty trash, some of you. I'll give you that. But you are no-account
  Houston Heights redneck boy-trash even so. No, Billy. We doin' you a favor
  here, Wayne and me. Yeah, a real favor.  
 Billy tries to speak again but sobs instead.   
 Dean and Wayne move up onto the bed, one on one side on Billy,
      one on the other.   
   
 Dean leans up and loops the rope around Billy's neck, then hands
      off one end to Wayne while keeping the other end in his own grasp.   
 DEAN to Billy  : So. Any last words, cowboy?  
 BILLY has buried his face in the mattress as if he doesn't want
      to see what is happening, but we hear him plead  : Please don't.  
 DEAN: Pathetic.  
 DEAN looks across to Wayne, who has tightened his grip on his
      end of the rope, says  : Ready. Set. Go!!!  
 Dean and Wayne pull back on the rope.   
   
 Billy immediately arches back, all his limbs flexing and pulling
      against the restraints on his arms and legs.    
   
 Billy--his head pulled up by the tautly-held rope--makes strangled,
      gasping noises.   
 DEAN: Look at that ass, Wayne! Look at it flex, man! I mean, that's just
  beautiful! Aint't that just beautiful?  
 WAYNE: I guess.  
 DEAN: What do you mean you guess? They don't git no better 'n that!  
 Billy begins to jerk at the ropes around his feet and arms. What
      starts out as a willed if useless effort to pull free, however, soon turns
      into unwilled erratic muscular spasms as his body slips into severe auto-cathectic
      shock.   
   
 The camera scans Billy's violently jerking, flexing, twitching
      body. Shots of his tightly bound hands, his radically flexed fingers and
      toes, his bulging biceps, his taut thighs and calves, his tightly bound
      ankles, his arched back and straining shoulder blades, his ass. Then the
      camera zeroes in on Billy's face from the side. The face is red and reddening,
      darkening even as the camera moves in. Billy's eyes are slightly popped.
      Red veins have appeared where the whites once were. The tip of his tongue,
      looking a bit blue and swollen, pokes out of the painfully stretched, grimacing
      mouth. Billy has bitten down on his tongue, and blood begins to drip from
      his mouth as well as from his nose.    
 Dean and Wayne enjoy the show in silence for a minute, then:   
   
DEAN says  : So who we gonna
  git next? You got anybody lined up?  
WAYNE: I'm workin' on a couple. You done seen one
  of 'em. Tony. That other Billy's brother. The other Billy we done a while back,
  that is.  
 DEAN thinks, then recalls  :
  Oh yeah. He's cute. Even cuter than his brother was maybe. Yeah. Git him 'round
  here. They think his brother up and run off and got a job down on the coast.
  We made 'im write that letter sayin' that before we killed him, remember?  
WAYNE: Yeah, I remember. That was smart. We oughta
  do that again maybe. Prob'bly should a done it with this 'un here.  
DEAN considers, nods  : Well,
  maybe. Too late now though.  
WAYNE nods, agrees  : Yeah,
  too late now.  
Dean and Wayne go silent again, both
      thinking, both keeping a tight grip on their respective ends of the rope.   
   
The camera revisits Billy's body which
      is slowly slowing its spasms, gradually going rigid in the legs and arms.   
Finally  DEAN laughs
      and  says  : This 'un sho was an asshole,
      warn't he?  
WAYNE: You could say so.  
DEAN: I always like bringin' the cocky ones down
  and Billy here he was REAL cocky. [ Dean jerks on the rope to make
  his point  .]  
WAYNE: The football done it to him.  
DEAN: That and what a hunk he was. I mean, even
  now. Look at 'im. That's about as pretty as boy-flesh gits in this here world
  I tell you.  
Wayne shrugs but says nothing  .  
DEAN: You can shrug all you want but you know it's
  true.  
Billy has now gone completely still.    
   
WAYNE, with more excitement than he has
      recently shown  : I love to think how 'is brain is just burnin'
      up right now. 'Cause that's what's happenin' without the oxygen. It's just
      blazin' away in there. [ Wayne nods toward Billy's head  .]  
The camera fixes on Billy's unnaturally
      still, blue-red, pop-eyed profile  .  
DEAN: We got enough lime for this 'un or do we
  need to stop and git some more on the way out to the reservoir.  
WAYNE ponders, says  : He's
  a lot a body to cover, but I think we got plenty. This time anyway.  
David finally reenters the room, drinking
      a beer.   
   
DAVID: So's he gone yet?  
DEAN tilts his head to get a look at
      Billy's face, says  : Might be. What do you think?  
DAVID comes around the side of the bed,
      leans down to peer at Billy's face, and says  : Oh yeah. He's
      dead. I done seen me a lot of dead faces by now and that's a dead boy for
      sure. Yawl don't have to go on riskin' gittin' a hernia no more. He's a
      goner for good.  
Dean and Wayne let go of the rope. Billy's
      head thuds to the mattress.    
   
The camera draws back as Dean and Wayne
      and Billy look at each other and then at Billy in approval.   
DEAN: Some fun, huh?  
Wayne and David nod as they both smile
      and say  : Yeah. Some fun.  
A bouncy country-western song swells up as the camera freezes and
      the credits begin to roll.   
   
 THE END   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jason


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





