BDSM Library - Captive Hacker




Captive Hacker
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young hacker {computer programmer} is effectively kidnapped and forced into slavery, though he does not quite see it that way.
------------------------------------------------------------

Captive Hacker

------------------------------------------------------------



If you enjoyed this story and would like to comment then please write to:

	CaptiveHacker *AT* yahoo *POINT* com *POINT* br

I really would like to hear from you.



Dedicated to "J"



-------------------------------------------------------------

Chapter 1 {F/F/M ds bd mc span humil tg}

-------------------------------------------------------------



I am sitting at a vintage dusty computer writing this.  Not knowing and not
expecting that anybody will ever read it.  There is no phone connection, cable
modem or any way that I can send it to the real world.  The real world, my life,
seems a distant and strange dream now.  Perhaps that is the main reason I am
writing, so that I am reminded of who I was.  If the yellowing papers here are
to be believed it has been several months since I was Johnny Brain, reasonable
hacker and student.



It began when my door suddenly burst open to reveal several FBI agents and I was
hauled off in handcuffs protesting my innocence of everything to
god-knows-where.  All my things were taken from me, even my name.  I was
prisoner 1337, which must have been the idea someone who knows a little hacker
slang, or destinies sick joke.  I wore a thin cotton suit, no shoes or socks.  I
could not shower for days.  There was little and poor food.



The days passed as I was ruthlessly interrogated about my terrorist links.  I
thought this was all a joke, and at first calmly, then angrily, then
despairingly asked for a phone call, a lawyer, any contact with the outside
world.  These were all denied because I was a dangerous terrorist, and the
meaningless questions continued.  I did not know how to answer, and tried
everything from simple don't knows, outright angry denial, appeals to reason and
sullen silence.  Nothing made any difference, until I offered to show them the
encrypted files on my PC.  Even admitting to pirated mp3s and warez were better
then the impossible situation I was in.



The sight of my PC after such a long time was a shock.  The first tangible link
to the real world I had seen in weeks.  I trembled slightly as I sat down at the
keyboard and opened the locked files.  I was immediately pushed out of the way
as a federal agent started opening the documents that had been hidden.  To my
total surprise and absolute horror the documents they paged through were densely
scientific material about nuclear isotopes, chemical pre-cursors and biological
agents.



Needless to say the questioning continued un-abated about my links to Osama
bin-Laden, al-Queda and Islamic Jihad.  I had no way of answering and despaired
of proving I did not know how the documents came to be on my machine.  After
what seemed like several weeks of this, the questioning stopped.  In a way I
missed the contact because I was left in the white walled cell for hours without
a soul to talk to.  I lost all sense of time in the continuous white fluorescent
light.  Exercise was an hour a day walking round a larger white painted room. 
Meals were still poor and meagre.  I lost a lot of weight.  Nobody answered my
questions.



The routine suddenly changed when I was summoned to meet someone.  Just the
relief of interacting with another person put a spring in my step.  I was shown
to the ubiquitous interview room.  Sitting in the only chair behind a desk was a
woman.  I'll describe her in a little more detail because she is the principle
player in the remainder of this tale.  She was of moderate height.  Her figure
in the tightly tailored suit was good, she was reasonably buxom.  She had
straight long peroxide blond hair.  Strong dark eyebrows, long sensuous lashes,
and crystal clear blue eyes.  I judged her to be in her early forties.



For the first time in an age I heard a voice as the guard introduced me

	"1337.  This is your lawyer.  Miss Anne Green."

She regarded me impassively.

After such a long time without talking my mouth was dry.  My voice caught in my
throat as I muttered,

	".Er. Hi"

The guard immediately interrupted.

	"1337.  You will call her Miss Green.  Do not talk except to answer her
questions."

She had held eye contact the whole time, and smiled slightly as the guard said
this.  The first thing she said to me surprised me a lot.

	"Remove your clothing 1337."

This was the last thing I had expected to hear and did not understand exactly
what she wanted.

	"You want me to do ... what?" I stumbled out.  The guard quickly
corrected me.

	"1337.  Remove you clothing.  Do not talk."

I did not really think, and took off the dirty white jacket.  Looking briefly
round for somewhere to put the jacket, I let it fall to the floor.  Then I
removed the pants so I stood before Miss Green in only grimy underpants.

	"That'll do," she said.  "Put your hands on your head and turn around on
the spot, slowly".

Without thinking I did as she asked.  Not knowing if I should stop I continued
to rotate under the gaze of the clear blue eyes.  The strange incident finished
without another word from Miss Anne Green, and I was returned to my cell.  I did
not know what to make of the inspection except that perhaps it was to check that
I had not been physically abused.



The mind numbing routine continued for several more days until there was another
visit from my lawyer.  Again it was the same interview room, the same desk and
the same emotionless eyes.  She started with the request that I remove my
clothing, and I did so, and then I was to stand with my hands on my head before
the desk.

	"1337" she called me. "Your situation is this.  You have been tried for
treason, among many other grave and serious charges.  I argued for your
innocence but the tribunal has found you guilty on all charges.  You are to be
held here in isolation for the rest of your life.  It is pointless to argue, I
tried everything and anything I cold think of."

Her word devastated me.  I almost fainted, but the uncomfortable position of
keeping my hands on my head stopped me from losing consciousness.

	"However," she continued.  "I have made a very special deal for you. 
You will be released under my cognisance to live and work in my home, though
allowing the Federal authorities access to question you at any time.  What do
you say?"



It was an easy decision.

	"Sure, yes, of course..." My initial attempts at putting my thoughts in
order were immediately interrupted.

	"You will continue to address me as Miss Green.  I see no reason to
wait.  Let us go to my car now."

I bent to retrieve my clothes, but she quickly stopped me.

	"Leave those here," And with a gesture to the guard led the way from the
interview room, with me dressed only in briefs following her.



The night was cold and the sky clear and black.  I had not seen the sky for a
long time and the sharp points of the stars were breathtakingly beautiful.  Miss
Green's car was waiting, a long black sleek BMW.  Her driver got out to open the
rear door for her.  On closer inspection, the driver turned out to be a pretty
oriental woman with a long black ponytail, a slim figure and dark eyes.  Miss
Green directed me

	"You sit in the front next to Benny.  He is a bit ripe Benny, but he can
clean up back home."

So I said goodbye to the Federal detention centre and set out in a black German
muscle machine under a cold clear sky.  The journey took a couple of hours, over
minor back roads.  I saw few other vehicles, but it was a blessing just to take
in the moon lit trees and natural surroundings.



We finally arrived at a very grandiose mansion, brightly lit at the front, but
spreading a very great distance off into the shadowy tress on either side.  Miss
Green led me through the enormous foyer, into what was obviously her office. 
The desk was massive, and the walls lined with books.  Benny the driver followed
us in and perched in a patent leather armchair against the wall.  I looked round
for another chair, but before I could choose the chair that looked comfortable
close to a real warming log fire, Miss Green pointed to a spot in front of her
desk.

	"Stand there" she orders me, and I obey.  "Hands on your head" she
continues, and I do her bidding self-consciously.  "Good" she says as she smiles
at me.

	"Well, 1337, welcome to your new life.  There are very many details of
how you are going to work for me that will be explained to you over the time you
are here.  Hopefully you are a quick learner?"  She smiles at me.

	"Yes, Anne ... er ... Miss Green" I reply to her question.

	"Good." She says, and I smile as out eyes meet.  Her smile grows
broader.  "Let me explain a little what you are going to do.  It is easy to sum
up your duties in general as, 'male bondage sex slave'".

I don't know what to say to this extraordinary statement.  With a puzzled frown
I feel my smile slipping as I try to digest this turn of events.

	"Let me make it clear" she continues.  "You are going to do whatever I
say, whenever I say, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.  Some of which will be of a
very personal nature.  You will be punished if you disobey or fail to satisfy
me.  This is the essence of being my slave.  Remember that the alternative, if
you do not want to serve me in this way is to return to your solitary
confinement at the Federal top security establishment that I have, at great
personal sacrifice, paroled you.  At least nod your head if you understand" she
sounds slightly irate as she says this.

Carefully, not knowing what to say, I nod.

	"Excellent" she says immediately and quickly smiles at me.  A smile I
cannot help but return.  "Benny will see that you are cleaned up, fed, and then
you'll be brought here to learn some more!"



I follow Benny along many corridors and past many doors until she shows me into
a pleasant small bedroom.  Not well furnished but bright, with a bed, table,
small wardrobe and an attached bathroom.  Benny instructs me,

	"Clean yourself up, you'll find soap, a razor, shampoo and a towel in
the bathroom.  I'll bring you some food and clothes."

	While Benny is in the room I take the chance to ask her

	"Is she serious about this!"

	"Oh yes, absolutely" laughs Benny in a light husky voice.

With that she leaves me alone to take the longest hot shower I have ever taken.



I towel myself off and wrap it around my middle, a sensible precaution as when I
leave the shower, Benny has already returned with a tray supporting a plate of
sandwiches and a tall glass of juice.  She is twirling something around on her
fingers, and I ask with my mouth a little full.

	"What's that then?"

She smiles and hands me a clean pair of white briefs.

	"This is your costume!" she says with a smile.  I half choke on the
sandwich, which makes her laugh out loud.  "You are a shy one for a sex slave,"
she emphasizes, then laughs all the more as I go into the bathroom to change.



After I finish the simple, sparse but good food, she abruptly jumps up.

	"Well, obviously, this is your room" she informs me.  "Mistress does not
want to see us just yet, let me show you the place to await her summons if you
are not doing anything else"

With that she leads off, and I have to scurry to keep up with the twinkling
heels of her high-heeled boots.  She takes me to a large kitchen, and shows me a
dim storage room with racks of foods and bottles, some bells on the wall with
room names that I guess are the way Miss Green summons her staff.  Also a couple
of stools, and amazingly, this dusty old PC.  "Wait here" Benny tells me and
leaves me alone, so I begin to write this.



***



Well, I am back here on this computer after an eventful evening.  I am now
called 'Dick' and am just beginning to get the idea of my new life as a male
bondage sex slave.  Even though I know nobody is going to read this I am going
to write it as a journal.



I was left alone for a while thinking about the situation.  To be honest it was
totally confusing, but one thing seemed obvious to me.  There was no way I
wanted to return to the isolated, mind numbing solitary existence at the Federal
institution I was previously held.  There were also several positive aspects to
the idea.  I didn't know exactly what Mistress Green wanted me to do but it was
tantalizingly kinky, and I had as much of a sex drive as any man.  Also, there
was a possibility that if I could gain her trust, I might find some way of
contacting my friends and family and overturning the charges against me.  So
when Mistress Benny returned to collect me, I was ready to agree.



I skipped along after Mistress Benny as she returned me to the study.  Happy to
be clean, a little less hungry than usual, and wearing clean clothes.  Once
again when we entered I stood in front of the desk where Mistress Green was
sitting while Mistress Benny perched in another chair.  I put my hands on top of
my head without being asked which made Mistress Green smile.

	"You do learn quickly don't you?  So what is your decision?"

I smile back at her, and taking a deep breath tell her.

	"Yes Miss Green.  I will gladly serve as your slave."

She clapped her hands smartly and leapt up from the sitting position.

	"Great.  Now I want you to kneel down" and I did so.

She came round the corner of the desk to where I kneeled.  She approached very
closely so I could smell her perfume.  Working from behind me I could feel her
place a collar round my neck and buckle it closed.  She went back to sit behind
her desk.



	"Now I want you to strip totally naked for me" she tells me.  I am
momentarily embarrassed though I had obviously expected such an order.  In the
brief time I delay, her smile turns to a little frown and she sighs.  I quickly
divest myself of my pants so I am standing naked in front of her, but she is
still frowning a little.

	"I don't think you quite understand your position here 1337."  She tells
me.  "When I give an order you immediately and totally obey.  Is that clear?"  I
nod dumbly thinking this is more like a military sergeant major than a Mistress. 
"OK then," she says, now bend down and touch your toes."  I quickly do so.



While I am bent over in this position I sense Mistress Green stand up and walk
round the desk.  The first indication I have of what she is doing is when there
is a swish and crack as she swats my naked ass with a ruler!

	"Ouch" I say, rather unimaginatively.  I think about standing up but
wisely stay in the same position until she indicates I should.

	"1337.  This is what I mean about your existence.  You obey or you are
punished.  Is that clear?  Stand up again."  With this order I straighten and
look at her again.

	"Er.  Yes Miss Green."  I stumble out a reply.

She continues to prowl around as she expounds the following information.

	"1337 is a clumsy designation.  From now on, you'll be known as Dick,
because that is what you are, and what you are for.  You will call me Mistress
Green, and it will always be the first thing out of your mouth, and the last
thing.  Whether you are replying to a question, or begging me for a favour.  Is
that clear Dick?"

	"Yes ... errr ... Mistress Green, Yes.  Mistress Green."

	"Good Dick, but you were a little slow there.  Touch your toes."  And
again the ruler is use to swat my ass, twice this time, it was beginning to
tingle a little.  This slavery business could be quite painful.



When she had me standing again, she said it was time to examine her new
possession up close.  I was to remain totally still.  She came and stood very
close behind me so I could almost feel the heat of her body through her clothes
against my skin.  Her perfume again filled my nose, and her breath tickled my
shoulders.  Unconsciously I felt myself begin to get an erection.  I blushed,
realising that everybody was watching this, but the tension probably made it
worse.  She came and stood in front of me, and I had to suppress an embarrassed
giggle.  She very obviously looked down at my saluting cock and smiled.

	"You are going to have to learn to keep Dick under control" she tells
me.  "There are going to be times when you are going to be praying that you can
get an erection, but there are times like now when it is totally inappropriate."

I start to explain,

	"But, I mean, Mistress Green, I can't help it, it just happens, you
know?  ... Mistress Green."

She does not greet this outbreak well, and snarls at me,

	"Down and touch your toes."  I quickly obey, and a flurry of ruler
strokes tans my ass until it is hurting more than I expected.  I am a little
frightened by her outburst as she visibly struggles to regain control.  The
unexpected beating has facilitated my erection going away.  Seeing this she
smiles again and gets me to stand up.



For the first time, she touches me, holding my flaccid cock in one hand.  Such a
personal touch seconds earlier would have made him erect in no time, but now I
am a little embarrassed by the feeling.  After holding my cock, and then
massaging by balls, she runs her hands over the rest of my body.  I start to
relax again and my treacherous cock again starts to stir.  I try to remember the
ruler on my ass and control him.



She goes and sits in another chair in the room, and solicits the opinion of
Mistress Benny.

	"So Benny, what do you think?" she asks.

Mistress Benny replies,

	"Mistress.  He is very sweet and deliciously shy" is her first comment. 
Then she continues with, "but he does not understand his position with me very
well yet Mistress."

It is surprising to hear her refer to our Mistress and I start to think she has
the same status as me, but then Mistress Green corrects the impression.

	"That is your first lesson Dick.  Consider everybody your superior until
you know otherwise.  Master or Mistress as appropriate.  Benny here is my
devoted slave, such as you should aspire to become.  Treat Benny as your
Mistress Benny and obey her as you would me.  She will not punish you unless it
is by my direction, but if she requests that you be punished in some way then
you can expect me to listen to her."



Mistress Green then continues with her second lesson.

	"There is a level of misbehaviour that I do not directly prescribe a
level of punishment.  For very minor transgressions such as not referring to
Mistress Benny correctly, you will respond to a special phrase.  That phrase is
'I am disappointed...' if you ever hear that expression, you should immediately
fall to the floor, crawl towards me, and on your knees, beg that you be spanked
for the transgression.  Then I will decide if I have the inclination, or perhaps
leave it until I can punish you for an accumulation of your misdemeanours later. 
Do you understand?"

I quickly reply, correctly this time,

	"Mistress Green, yes Mistress Green." though I am just as quick to guess
her next statement.



	"Very well then.  'I am disappointed' ... that you chose to disrespect
Mistress Benny."

I know exactly what I should do, and immediately drop to the floor.  On the way
crawling to Mistress Green's feet I am struck by the incongruity of what I am
doing.  This seems so bizarre, like I am a kid again with spanking as a
punishment, but this is much better than my incarcerated conditions before.  I
start thinking about what I should say, and as Mistress Green's legs get closer
begin to wonder about the sex bit of being her slave.  Finally I am at her feet
and start my little speech.

	Mistress Green.  I am very sorry that I did not refer to Mistress Benny
correctly.  Please forgive me.  I think you should spank me to punish me for my
mistake Mistress Green."  I am quite pleased with my humble apology, but
Mistress Green is less so.

	"Very well then.  I think you are going to have to be a lot more
imaginative and subservient the next time you beg for a spanking, but this time,
you'll get your wish.  Come bend over my knee Dick."



I fold myself over her lap, my ass in the air.  I am close to her again, and
what with the thinking about sex I realise that I am well on my way to an
erection.  Fortunately Mistress Green immediately dispels that possibility. 
Without any great rapidity, but with surprising force she begins to spank me. 
Quickly I realise that this is not going to be a childhood spanking as my bottom
heats up and begins to sting from the blows.  Several minutes later I am
relieved as she stops, I have to keep biting my lip to keep from crying out.

	"Leave my lap now" she instructs me.  "Kneel at my feet."  So I do so. 
"Another part of the ritual is to thank me for the punishment afterwards."

Clearing my throat I do so, blushing a little.

	"Mistress Green.  Thank you for punishing me.  Mistress Green."



She informs me that again I lack a certain imagination in the prolific and
humble praise I should offer her and continues,

	"And also Dick you forgot to thank me for the ruler strokes.  Bend over
and touch your toes."  I quickly adopt the position, and as expected, she again
smack my sore ass with the ruler.

I tell her,

	"Mistress Green.  Thank you for the ruler spanking Mistress Green."  I
cannot think of anything else to say.  Luckily she does not seem to want to
pursue the matter.



Then Mistress Green dismisses us for the evening bidding us attend her the
following day in 'room 12'.



***



There are many many rooms in this large mansion, but I had Mistress Benny to
show me the way to room 12 after she brought me a small and simple breakfast.  I
had already showered and was ready for a new day as a slave to Mistress Green,
and I had put on the same simple white briefs that I had been wearing the
previous day.



Room 12 turned out to be an enormous bathroom.  The floors were white stone, and
the walls and ceiling were white too.  There were several cabinets on the walls,
several large wall length mirrors, two large bathtubs and a white porcelain
toilet.  A long counter top, also of white stone contained a large sink.  The
whole room lit with subtle hidden lighting.  I expected that we were going to
help Mistress Green bath and get ready, and I was looking forward to finally
seeing my Mistress naked, however, when she arrived she was already dressed in
her ubiquitous tailored suit.



She walked up very close to where I kneeled on the floor and commanded me to
rise.  She then looked me up and down and told me that today was a good day for
me to dress in my proper uniform.  I did not know what to make of this and
nodded, but then seeing her begin to frown quickly agreed

	"Mistress Green, yes Mistress Green"

She smiled and I knew I was correct in my behaviour.  I was going to have to
suppress the urge to simply nod, and remember to exclaim my agreement the way
she liked me to.



She then noticed that while she had been expounding her instructions, the
previous thought of seeing her naked, plus the provocation of having her stand
so close was beginning to arouse my cock.  I became aware of this at much the
same time as she did, and I immediately wondered if this was one of those
appropriate or inappropriate times.  Luckily she solved the problem for me by
pushing her hand down my briefs and pulling my cock free.

	"Oh yes" she said, "this is the perfect time for an erection!" and with
that began to play with my cock, stroking it and squeezing it slightly.

I smiled a lot, this was my idea of being a sex slave, and enjoyed the feeling
as she pulled on my sex.



While Mistress Green and I were doing this, Mistress Benny had filled the
washbasin with hot water, and started laying out a selection of razors, electric
and blade razors.  Mistress Green stopped playing with my penis, and walked over
to the selection.  I was a little puzzled, I had already shaved, and the women's
legs, both Mistress Green and Mistress Benny looked smooth enough to me. 
Mistress Green then started to explain their purpose.

	"Dick, your dick is your tool and I don't care to have it surrounded by
the disgusting thatch of your pubes.  I also find that your buttocks are less
than pleasant with the amount of hair they have, and your legs are frankly
revolting with their thick hair.  I like my slaves to be as shiny as a newborn
babies bum.  And that is what you are going to do while I select an appropriate
uniform for you.  I will be back in 1/2 an hour; in that time you are to remove
every single hair from your waist down.  Do you understand?"

I swallowed dryly, the thoughts of naked female bodies quickly evaporating as I
contemplated this embarrassing task.

	"Mistress Green.  Yes, I do ... Mistress Green" I slightly hesitantly
relied.

	"Good Dick", she tells me and leaves with Mistress Benny as I look at
the array of hair removing apparatus.



I started with the electric razor on my legs and this did not bother me much. 
It was a little bit strange to be shaving my legs but I actually thought they
looked pretty good.  I started to become uncomfortable as I approached my
crotch.  The idea of shaving away my pubic hair was more unsettling.  I could
not see how it made any difference and the idea of having no hair there seemed
strange.  Reluctantly I decided that it would be best to do as Mistress
required, since it seemed minor in comparison to being returned to
incarceration.  The electric razor felt rather kinky as it shaved away the
hairs, and the buzzing and humming started to turn me on.  So this is what a
vibrator feels like I thought, and spent a little time stroking my erection.  I
realised my time was running out and had a few tortuous minutes trying to shave
my ass.  Again it felt strange having to shave my ass, but at least it matched
the rest of my hairless state.  Looking in one of the mirrors it was strange to
see my cock naked of hair.



The thirty minutes were up when Mistress Green and Mistress Benny returned with
a collection of black leather I could not see properly.  Mistress Green walked
over to me and hissed,

	"When you are not commanded to stand you must immediately kneel you dumb
Dick"

I quickly fell to the floor.

	"Well" she said, "lets have a look at you ... Benny is going to check
you out with a pair of tweezers to see how good a job you did.  Hopefully she
will not find more than 10 hairs below you waist!"



Mistress Benny ordered me

	"Stand up, and put your hands on your head" and I did, as she bent over
and started looking at my calves.  Almost immediately her fingers reached out
and using tweezers plucked a hair from my legs.  It was painful but over very
quickly like a needle jab, I did not even have time to exclaim.

	"One Mistress" she told Mistress Green.  With horror I realised that the
hair she had pulled out, was one that I had shaven with the electric razor, but
obviously there was a little stubble left.

	"Mistress Green," I immediately responded, "she pulled one that was
already shaved Mistress Green" I pleaded.

	"Shut up, you stupid Dick."  Mistress Green sounded harsh and
unyielding.  "You had plenty of time to remove the tiniest stubble."



Mistress Benny proceeded to pluck four more hairs from around my legs.  The one
she tweezered from my inner thigh hurt the most, but then she said,

	"Bend over and touch your toes Dick."  As I obeyed I knew what was
coming, as I felt her tweezers reach into my ass crack and grasp a hair there. 
This time however, she did not quickly pull the hair out, but ever so slowly
increased the tension.  It was beginning to hurt a lot.

	"Mistress Benny.  Please stop please, its hurting me a lot Mistress
Benny" I complain.  Mistress Green interjects,

	"Dick you are allowed to beg and plead all you like when you are in
pain, but please don't expect Benny to stop performing anything I ask of her."



Mistress Benny continued to pull further hairs from my ass, as slowly as she
could as I felt the hurt more and more.  All the time I was begging her to stop,
or to pull them quickly.  This seemed to make her even more sadistic, and she
obviously tried to make the pulling as slow as she possibly could.  After eight
hairs, her tweezers shifted a little lower and I could feel that she had grasped
a piece of stubble on my ball sack.  This prompted me to a higher level of
begging for mercy.

	"Mistress Green, please not there, I am hurting so much, please stop
Mistress, I'll shave really closely next time Mistress.  Please please Mistress
Green" But my words fell on deaf ears, as Mistress Benny remorselessly tweezered
the remainder of the 10 hairs from my scrotum.



After she had announced that she had taken the 10 hairs, Mistress Green regarded
me impassively.  Then she told me,

	"Not a very good performance Dick.  I am disappointed ... that you could
not perform even this simple task for me".  I immediately understood what she
was driving at, and blushing at the humiliation dropped to my knees and crawled
towards her.  In a small voice, I begged her,

	"Mistress Green, please forgive me, I did not do as you wanted me too
because I was too embarrassed.  Please spank me Mistress Green."

She was not impressed by my apology but granted my request.

	"That was very poor too Dick, it sounded like an excuse!  Next time
think about what you are going to say before you open your foolish mouth.  This
time I will grant your wish Dick, go and bend over the toilet, with your head in
the bowl.  It will help remind you of your position.  The next time I find you
are hairy, you will be properly punished."



I assumed the position she requested, and as I looked at the inside of the
toilet bowl Mistress Green spanked my ass.  It was as painful as the previous
time and I felt deep shame that I was being spanked like a boy, with my naked
genitals a further ignominy.  I was beginning to wonder if I could continue to
hold still as my ass became paradoxically painful and numb at the same time. 
When finally Mistress Green was happy I had been punished enough I remembered to
thank her for the spanking,

	"Mistress Green, thank you for correcting my mistake, I deserved your
spanking Mistress Green," this humble statement seemed to please her, but I felt
even more humiliated by having to thank her for hurting me.  Mistress Green's
final instruction on the matter was

	"Enough of this for now, your disgusting body hair is boring me.  Benny
will wax you this afternoon.  Now you are going to get dressed for me.  Stand
up, hands on your head."



As I stood there, Mistress Green collected some of the leather items she had
chosen.  I thought it was going to be some sort of leather shorts, but I was
sadly mistaken.  Mistress Benny started by fastening a black leather harness
around my torso, the leather matching the leather collar I was wearing.  The
final loop of leather round my belly had numerous rings.  I guessed that this
was some sort of bondage costume but it did not seem too offensive.  The next
thing that Mistress Green demonstrated was much more humiliating.

	"These" she told me "are fine black silk stockings.  They will attach
with suspenders to your halter.  If you ladder them they will be replaced
because I hate to see scruffy slaves, though of course you will be severely
punished for damaging the old ones."



This was again humiliating as I carefully stepped into the hosiery as Mistress
Benny held it and then pulled them up my legs and fastened them to the
suspenders.  It was very embarrassing to be dressed like some cheap porn star
transvestite in the stockings.  It made my naked cock seem even more ridiculous. 
Naturally Mistress Green had a pair of black high heels to accompany the
stockings.  They were small, unnecessarily high so it was difficult to balance
and walk, and they immediately started hurting my feet.



Mistress Green was smiling as she admired me in the crazy costume I was wearing.

	"But there is still something missing, " she tells me, and gives the
last piece of black leather to Mistress Benny.  It is strangely shaped, a 'Y'
shape with various metals hooks and clips.  I have no idea of its purpose, and
having the frightening thought that is might be some sort of gag.  The reality
is even more bizarre and humiliating.  Mistress Benny clips the two arms of the
'Y' to the back of the harness, and then pushes the stem between my legs.  As
she comes round to face me I see that there is a complicated series of clips
that allow the stem to open like a pair of stocks.  Mistress Benny looks up at
me as I realise with horror where this is supposed to fit.  She smiles as she
fastens either side of this mechanism around my prick and balls so that it
clenches them tightly at their base.  With a final clip, the combined stem is
fastened to the front of the harness.



	"Now then Dick, " Mistress Green tells me, "lets see you parade around
in your new uniform".  I am blushing deeply and feel very uncomfortable in this
outfit.  The shoes hurt and I find it hard to walk without stumbling.  The
stocking suspenders pull unfamiliarly at my thighs.  The leather straps of the
harness feel strange, and my shaved ass feels cold and exposed.  Worst of all is
the feeling of vulnerability of my cock and testicles as they are pulled away
from my body to stick out in front.

	"How does it feel Dick?"  Mistress Green asks me.  I honestly reply,

	"Mistress Green, it is a bit uncomfortable Mistress Green."  I tell her,
not really thinking in my perturbed state.

	"Oh we can't have that, kneel down" she says, and I suddenly realise I
might not have been as tactful as I should.  Sure enough, she comes up behind
me, and rather than changing anything on the costume, she takes hold the collar
she put around me neck and tightens it.  I immediately feel very uncomfortable,
it is not strangling me, but I can feel it pushing tightly against my throat
making me want to swallow repeatedly.

	"Now stand up!  Maybe that'll help take your mind of it?" she asks,
looking at me expecting a reply.  I am swallowing fast but manage to choke out
an intelligible reply

	"Mistress Green, yes thank you, Mistress Green".

Unfortunately she does not make any move to release the collar and I understand
that I am going to have to endure the feeling of suffocation until she relents.



Mistress Green then comes up behind me, and reaching round grabs hold of my
cock.  After the pain and discomfort of the uniform, it has become quite
flaccid, and she cups it in her hand and starts to stroke it and pull it.

	"This uniform is perfect for my slaves you see," She begins.  Her voice
is low and seductive and she breathes a little in my ear as she continues.  All
the while she is pulling and stroking my cock with one hand, which starts to
react without any conscious thought on my part.  Her other hand also begins to
run over my body, feeling my back and chest and arms.  "Your dick is perfectly
displayed ... Dick.  But you've got to be careful if you ever need to sit Dick,
it is not designed for you to sit, it is much better to kneel.  The harness is
very useful for attaching various toys if I want to use them on you.  You are
uncomfortable with the stockings and high heels, but I think they perfectly suit
a man as much as any woman.  They produce a very fetching enticing picture as
you look up the silk clad legs, the white of the thigh between the stocking
tops, and there, perfectly framed your dick.  And the high heels also help sway
your cute little bottom as you walk along."  With this she starts rubbing my ass
cheeks.



My cock is already fully erect, and I find that I am beginning to breathe
deeply, as I experience her wonderful hand fuck.

	"The straps at the back neatly allow access to your ass hole and balls
from behind."  I am too caught up in the pleasure of the moment to think on the
implied threat she had just made, later this was going to seem the most
frightening possibility.  "You see you are already enjoying the access this
allows."  She starts to pull my cock harder.  Mistress Benny has come closer,
smiling and with wet lips.  The subtle suggestion is fantastic as I mentally see
her lips closing round my cock.  "But please remember always Dick that you are
mine to control" Mistress Green tells me.  "Do you understand this Dick?" she
asks.

	"Mistress Green, oh yes Mistress Green" I pant out.



She laughs,

	"Very good Dick, extremely good.  But that includes your orgasm too, you
know.  Do you want to come Dick?" she asks.

	"Mistress Green, oh yes I do Mistress Green I do I do I do".

	"Careful Dick, don't break the rules.  Make me really believe you, beg
for release Dick tell me how much you want to come, how much you enjoy the
costume.  Praise me."

	"Mistress Green." I cry.  "Please let me come.  I beg you please let me
come, I can feel it building up inside me.  Please let me come.  This is a great
costume; it allows you to use me as you want to, to play with my dick like this. 
Oh please let me come Mistress Green, you are a wonderful Mistress, a fantastic
Mistress.  You control me fully; I'll do anything for you.  Please let me come
Mistress Green."



Mistress Green continues for several more seconds and then stops.

	"On the floor, kneeling, right now Dick" she literally screams at me. 
After a second of hesitation I kneel before her confused, humiliated and angry. 
What did she want me to do; she was the one fooling around.  She continues to
scream in my face,

	"You are mine.  Never forget it.  I control this pathetic tool you have. 
You are not allowed to come until you have proven to me you are fully accepting
of your place.  I play with Dick whenever and however I choose."  With that she
aims a kick straight at my erect cock and balls.  The way they are displayed and
my cock still standing expecting release make it easy for her to land the blow. 
Agony bursts through my body and I roll on the floor hands clutching my sack. 
"I have had enough of you for today.  Benny will properly prepare you this
afternoon and hopefully tomorrow you'll attend me better."



***



Coming soon ...



-------------------------------------------------------------

Chapter 2 {F/F/M ds bd mc feet oral ws rim inf scat sad}

-------------------------------------------------------------




------------------------------------------------------------

Captive Hacker

------------------------------------------------------------



If you enjoyed this story and would like to comment then please write to:

	CaptiveHacker *AT* yahoo *POINT* com *POINT* br

I really would like to hear from you.



Dedicated to "J"



-------------------------------------------------------------

Chapter 2 {FdomFdomM ds bd mc feet oral ws rim inf scat sad}

-------------------------------------------------------------



I can now confidently say that my lower body is as hairless as Mistress Green
wants it.  An afternoons waxing with Mistress Benny made that a certainty.  I
endured the pain as best as I could, indeed any begging and pleading for
Mistress Benny to do it quickly only encouraged her to tear the hairs from my
legs, crotch and asshole as slowly as she possibly could.  When she agonisingly
pulled the hairs from around my asshole I almost decided that the solitary
Federal cell waiting for me would be the better choice, however I endured by
screaming at the top of my lungs.  Fortunately it will be some weeks until
another waxing is necessary.



The next time I attended Mistress Green it started well, she complimented me on
the smoothness of my skin as I knelt waiting her commands.  I was wearing my
uniform, a collar of course, tight enough to make it uncomfortable.  A black
leather halter round my torso, sheer black silk stockings on suspenders from the
halter, and very high black stilettos.  Finally a special leather attachment
held my cock and balls out in front of me, where they are very vulnerable to
punishment, while dividing around my asshole so it is available.



Her first command was in keeping with my new role as her sex slave.  She wanted
me to rub her feet and massage them.  I crawled forward as instructed and
removed both of her shoes.  She has very neat feet, small but beautifully
formed.  I have never had a foot fetish, but it was not a problem to enjoy
giving the massage.  Her toenails were short, and painted red.  I started by
rubbing the bottoms of her feet with my thumbs, using my fingers on the top to
help my thumbs push and knead the muscles of her arches.  I rubbed all along the
arch from next to her ankle to the ball of her foot.  After the arches had been
relaxed I moved along to the balls of the feet themselves, not pushing so hard,
but stretching the flesh and moving it over the bones in that part of the foot. 
Then I went back to the heel of her foot, holding the heel in the palm of my
hand and then tightening my grip around it to squeeze and release the pad here,
easing it away from the bone.  Finally I went back to the toes, separating each
toe and rubbing along the bones and on the webbing.



As I was doing this I glanced up at Mistress Green.  She was smiling.

	"Yes Dick, while you are there I think it would be a very good idea to
give my toes a good suck as well." 

I had actually been thinking about the same thing and was happy to oblige.  The
toes were so sweet that I had no hesitation whereas other women who had asked me
had such callused feet it was impossible to consider.  I now gave each toe a
very personal sucking.  Taking the toe in my mouth and running my tongue around
it to moisten it all over.  Then applying some suck I started to gently push and
pull the toe in and out. 



In the end I had sucked each toe thoroughly, and not knowing what to do started
on the massage again.  I had now been on my knees for a fair time and it was
becoming uncomfortable.  I tried to sit down, resting back on my heels but I
immediately found the costume made this uncomfortable too, the angle between the
harness and the leather that held my cock and balls meant it would nearly
castrate me.  I was forced to remain kneeling, but started to shift about to
ease the discomfort in my knees.  After several minutes as I continued the foot
massage, Mistress Green looked up from the book she was reading.

	"Fetch the ruler from my desk Dick" she ordered me.  I jumped up, glad
to get off my knees and scurried over to the desk.  Then she told me.

	"No you stupid Dick.  When you are in my presence you will always
crawl."  So I had to crawl back to my Mistress feet.

	

When I passed her the ruler instead of continuing the foot massage she told me.

	"Stand up, bend over and touch your toes."  I knew what was coming, but
what was worse was that the leather pulled my cock and balls back between my
legs.  As I expected she quickly beat my bare ass with the ruler.  The presence
of my balls so close to the falling ruler meant that I was nervous and jumpy
expecting severe pain, which somehow made the blows that did land on my
testicles much worse.  After several strokes she told me

	"That was for your ridiculous squirming around. Now return to your
position" She sat down again.  I knew that there was one more requirement.

	"Mistress Green" I told her "Thank you for teaching me to sit still when
serving you, I deserved that punishment Mistress Green"

	

I knelt down again.  I could see she was distracted, and didn't seem to be
paying much attention to her book.  Finally she told me

	"The massage was adequate.  Let's see what else you can do.  Come and
kneel here" she told me.  I went and kneeled at her feet.

She sat forward and started to slowly unbutton the front of her jacket.  Pushing
it back I could see all her upper torso.  Her skin was evenly tanned.  She had a
silver, diamond stud through her belly button.  She was wearing a front
fastening white bra.  She was buxom; probably a 'C' and they stretched the
fabric of the bra so I could see the erect nipples beneath.  Her hands went to
the clasp and she licked her lips.  I swallowed, my mouth suddenly dry.



With a pop the clasp was released and the two white globes of her tits were
released.  The nipples were dark, round, wide and very erect.  Taking one breast
in her own hands she started to guide the teat towards my mouth.  I went to
reach for the tit myself when she sharply commands me.

	"No hands.  Keep them behind your back at all times."  I did so, not
really caring, I was turned on by the prospect of sucking her nipples.

Mistress Green brushed the nipple against my lips.  I opened my mouth to take it
in, but she just kept moving it past them.  I realised I should hold still and
let her do this, but thought it was a good idea to gently breath on it when the
opportunity presented itself.  This proved a good idea, and after a couple of
times Mistress Green was prepared to let me suckle the nipple itself.



I enjoyed the feeling of the pert nipple in my mouth.  I started to suck holding
it between my lips, but after a while I opened my mouth wider to suck it inside. 
Here I could let my tongue run around the aureola.  I was ultra-cautious about
using my teeth to nibble, as I wanted to, fearing any punishment if I hurt her. 
She seemed content to enjoy the tongue movements and the suction, and I enjoyed
first one breast and then the other.



As she sat back in the chair I could see she was pleased.  She appraised me for
a moment and then with a complicated manoeuvre lifted her bottom off the chair. 
Reaching up under her skirt she took hold of her panties and pulled them down
until they were around the middle of her thighs.  They were white to match the
bra.

	"Remove my panties", she told me, and carefully reaching up I slid them
the rest of the way down her thighs.  Now free of her underwear she sat forward
until she was on the edge of her seat.  Slowly she opened her legs wide.

Immediately in front of me was her pussy.  Wet, glistening with her moisture. 
The hair had been trimmed neatly to a bikini line.  The lips and clitoris were
already swollen with desire.

	"Do your very best she tells me, closes her eyes and relaxes back into
the seat.

	

I shuffle forward, and lick my lips, not being able to decide where to start.  I
move forward until my mouth is almost touching her cunt.  I close my eyes, and
breathe out.  Above me she sighs.  My tongue reaches out, and for the first time
I taste my Mistress.  She is salty and only slightly fishy!  I commence with
long strokes from the bottom of her pussy lips all the way to her clitoris.   I
use the full width of my tongue to cover both sides at the same time.  I repeat
this licking movement several times then I switch to concentrate on just her
clitoris.



Using the tip of my tongue I push up and under the hood and flick out.  I
alternate this with pushing on the top of her clitoris hood.  Several times I
flick push, flick push.  I feel my Mistress start to squirm and go back to
licking all the length of her pussy.  Her arousal has made her even wetter and
there is no resistance.  Again I spend a little time on her clit, before
starting on the pussy lips individually.  I find that if I twist my head a
little I can suck the swollen pussy lip into my mouth.  Again I decide against
using my teeth and content her by squeezing the lip between my lips.  After both
pussy lips have been attended to I go back to her clit.  She is very aroused now
and very wet when I lick the length of her cunt.  Instead of letting my tongue
glide over the outsides of her pussy, I extend it as rigidly as I can and probe
the depths as far as possible into her vagina.  With my tongue extended like
this I push up and down the length of her cunt.



Mistress Green is certainly close now, and I can feel her thighs start to
squeeze against the side of my head.  I take this as a sign to increase the
speed of my licking, sometimes over the outside of her lips sometimes driving my
tongue as deep as I can into her.  Her thighs now clamp my head so tight I
cannot tilt my head to lick the perimeter of her pussy, I just try to ensure my
tongue is buried as far as possible inside.  Her hips start buckling on the
chair and I can hear her panting.  She gasps aloud and rests back, though she
still has my head in a vice like grip.  I think it impolite to stop totally, but
I stop licking leaving my tongue to slowly circle inside her sex.



She releases me, and I kneel at her feet.  She keeps her legs spread open and
absently plays with herself.  My heart is beating fast too, and my cock is fully
engorged.  I can't wait to fuck her properly and squirt my seed deep inside the
pussy I had so recently been eating out.  She smiles at me seeing my cock so
hard.

	"I can see that you enjoyed that as much as me!  You aren't going to
come are you?"  She jokes.  I smile in return. 

	"Mistress Green, no, oh no, I won't come now until you let me.  Mistress
Green." Thinking how great it is going to be to fuck this woman, deeply spearing
her cunt on my cock. 

But she frowns,

	"But you haven't come at all since you have been here?" she asks me. 
"You haven't secretly been pleasing yourself behind closed doors have you?"  She
looks at me and I swallow guiltily.

	"Mistress Green, no Mistress Green" I reply as I experience a sinking
feeling, hoping she'll believe my lie, thinking there was nothing she could
prove anyhow.

	

Unbidden, or perhaps summoned by a mechanism I am unaware of, Mistress Benny
appears.

	"Collect Dick's sheets and the lamp" Mistress Green instructs Mistress
Benny. I am filled with remorse and a little apprehension that I lied, but
decide to tough it out.  All too soon Mistress Benny arrives with a sheet and an
ultraviolet lamp.  Holding the lamp up the semen stains is obvious,
demonstrating that I had jerked off the previous night.  Several times to be
honest.  Mistress Green just looks at me. 

	"Room 1" is all she says.

	

Like a lot of other rooms in Mistress great mansion room 1 has white walls,
ceiling and in this case a white tiled floor.  This room is dedicated to the
punishment of errors by whipping, paddling and caning.  The walls are lined with
pegs and shelves holding a multitude of the necessary instruments; from a
typical riding crop all the way to a massive lead studded cat o'nine tails. 
There is a frame for securing the offender spread-eagled, that has pivots to
allow any attitude or position to be adopted.  There is a high horse for
securing the offender bent over.



As soon as I saw the purpose of the room I was filled with dread and it was only
with extreme reluctance that I followed Mistress Green and Mistress Benny
through the door.  I kneeled as I had been taught wondering if I had made the
right decision.  Mistress Green informed me gravely

	"This is not going to be a trivial spanking but a true punishment Dick. 
There is a special ritual you will use for accepting the correction you receive. 
I will indicate the appropriate instrument and you will fetch it for me, and
present it to me from a kneeling position. 

	"When you present whatever I am going to use to punish you, you will say
and believe the following: 'Mistress, I present to you the instrument of my
correction in the humble hope that the pain you inflict will enlighten my
behaviour.  I beg you Mistress to accept this and apply it to my body so that I
can learn to serve you to the utmost of my ability.  Mistress I fully understand
that it is only through the application of the agony and torment of this
punishment that I can see the errors I have committed and the path to obedience. 
Please I beg you teach me through pain Mistress'.

	"I will then indicate the punishment you will receive, the number of
strokes and where they will be laid on your body.  You will assume the position
I indicate and then you will ask for each stroke in turn.  After the stroke you
will thank me, and then ask for the next one.

	"OK, that was a lot of instruction, do you understand Dick?"



I swallowed and agreed that I had, although I had already forgotten half of
Mistress Green's ritual.  She must have realised that I had a problem
remembering everything and smiled as she told me

	"Don't worry.  Mistress Benny will help educate you on the finer
points!"  After the agonising waxing Mistress Benny had given me the previous
day, this was not at all reassuring.  Mistress Green continued

	"The frames you see here are for when particularly harsh punishment is
required where a slave might not be able to force his body into obeying blindly,
but unless I actually strap you into the frame I expect you accept the
punishment meekly.  Oh, but I do enjoy you begging me to stop if are struggling
to keep still!"

I am relieved that I am not going to be forcibly restrained, indeed thinking
about it I know that if it ever comes to that I will prefer to be returned to
the Federal incarceration establishment and go slowly mad in isolation.



Mistress Green looked around choosing the right whip.

	"Yes, I think shelf 8 Dick.  Bring it to me as you have been taught."  I
notice that each shelf is labelled with a number, and that shelf 8 was a medium
length thin black cane.  I take it down and found it as flexible as a piece of
wood though a detached part of my mind noticed it is very light and speculated
it is a carbon composite.  As I crawled towards Mistress Green my attention
focused back on the moment.  It seemed both an extremely long-time and also
incredibly rapid when I found myself holding the cane up to her.  Naturally I
totally messed-up the ritual she demanded, remembering half of it,

	"Mistress Green, I present to you this cane.  Please I beg you to accept
this and punish me so that I can learn to serve you. I understand that the pain
of this punishment is to teach me Mistress Green."  I began to blush furiously,
embarrassed and humiliated to be asking to be punished like this.





She thought this was slightly amusing and told me that Mistress Benny was going
to enjoy teaching me the proper address in the afternoon.  She then told me,

	"For coming without permission you are going to be caned 10 times on the
back and 5 times on the ass.  Stand with your hands on your head and begin."

My heart was beating much faster than usual and I felt very tense and
apprehensive as I begged for the first stroke.

	"Mistress Green.  Please give me the first stroke on my back Mistress
Green?"

She waited a little while, and as I stood there clenching my teeth my mind
frantically explored the possibility that she was not going to do this.  Then
the wait was over as she brought the cane swiftly against my back.  It did not
make as mush noise as I expected really only the swish through the air. 
Immediately my senses were distracted as a line of fire exploded across my
shoulders.  I gasped, and squeezing my eyes managed to squeak out the reply she
expected.

	"Mistress Green, thank you Mistress Green."  I paused a little and
wondered how long I should wait, or even if I could wait before asking for the
next stroke.  Perhaps it would be more bearable if I inserted a delay between
each stroke?  Suddenly I heard the swish of the cane again and realised I had
waited too long.

	"No Dick" Mistress Green told me, you immediately ask for the next
stroke while thanking me for the last."



I immediately asked

	"Mistress Green, thank you, please can I have the third stroke Mistress
Green?"  Again the swish and line of fire,

	"Stupid Dick, you did not ask for that stroke so it does not count, and
neither does this one for being out of order.  Start at two."  While my back
burned from the caning, my face from the indignity and my mind roiled from the
injustice I asked for the strokes again.

	"Mistress Green, thank you, please can I have the second stroke Mistress
Green?"

After the supposed ten strokes that were really more I knew I was going to have
to ask for the strokes on my ass.  My back was agony, and my buttocks were
already clenching as I imagined the pain as she caned my bare ass.



	"Mistress Green.  Thank you for the strokes on my back, please will you
cane my ass for the first stroke Mistress Green?"  I briefly considered the
tactic of making such a verbal and effusive request that it automatically
interjected a short time between strokes.  Just as briefly I discarded the idea
as my mind focused on my about to be abused ass.  I heard the swish and felt the
cane land.  The sudden pain caused me to yelp aloud.  It hurt as much as across
my back but it was so much worse as the pain afterwards lingered even more
profoundly.

	"Mistress Green, thank you, please can I have the second stroke Mistress
Green?"	I continued. 

I was finding it difficult to keep still, and after the third stroke, I quickly
begged for her to stop.

	"Mistress Green, please no more Mistress." She paused and I didn't feel
the stroke so I hurriedly continued.  "Mistress Green I understand my lesson,
please don't beat me any more.  Please Mistress Green."  But the pause was only
momentary as she continued to carry out my punishment. 



I managed to endure the remainder of the caning and gratefully returned the cane
to its shelf.  I noticed that Mistress Benny's eyes were bright and her lips
were moist, and she had her hand up her skirt.  I was troubled that she seemed
so turned on by this.  The final humiliating requirement was to humbly thank
Mistress Green for teaching me, and promising to learn so that I would never
come without permission again.  Mistress Green dismissed us with the injunction
that Mistress Benny was to educate me in the afternoon, and handed her a riding
crop to help.  I was not looking forward to her lesson.



***



I have just endured another painful, humiliating, and simply revolting day. 
Each moment I consider ending this terrible servitude and returning to the cell
awaiting me.  Maybe there is some hope that my friends and family will clear me
of the charges levelled against me and get me freed.  I spin fantasies that even
at the moment my case is being heard by the Supreme Court and I could be free
tomorrow.



Let me write about the events that have happened since I last wrote in this
journal.



The afternoon following my first whipping was as painful as I expected it to be
at the hands of Mistress Benny.  I was to learn the proper ritual for accepting
punishment so I expected that she would explain the ritual again.  But no, she
told me that I would have to remember every detail myself, because only then
would I learn it truly and deeply.  She made me bend over and stood near me with
a riding crop.  I would start the ritual as I remembered it and then I would
stumble or mistake a word.  Mistress Benny would then correct me by providing
the required word, and also a blow to my ass cheeks.



Naturally it took a lot of strokes to obtain the complete wording of the ritual. 
One sentence I had to prise from her a word and a stroke of the riding crop at a
time.  Other times I managed to correctly guess several words in succession.  As
my ass began to hurt more and more I eventually puzzled out the words of the
ritual, and Mistress Benny was correct, there is no way I can ever forget them
now.



In the morning my back and ass had recovered from the beating they received,
which is a mercy since that morning was to be as painful as the last.



It started slightly differently.  I had to wake at some ungodly hour of the
morning and attend Mistress Green as she woke in her bedroom, room 23.  At 6am I
was to be kneeling silently by the bed ready for her orders as she awoke.  It
was not so difficult to get up early as my duties so far had been extremely
light, and having nothing else to do than write up this journal I was always
asleep early in the evening.  I showered and dressed in my uniform.  I was not
allowed to break my fast without Mistress Benny so I was hungrier then ever as I
silently as possible slipped through the door to kneel next to the bed.



I was pleasantly pleased to see both Mistress Green and Mistress Benny sharing
the same bed.  Their long hair, blond and black mingled on the pillows as they
slept.  As I continued to wait, my mind wondered and considered the sexual
possibilities, and being relaxed, though uncomfortable on my knees, my cock
hardened and I began playing with it.  After a while of this I noticed that
Mistress Benny was watching me.  Perhaps she was hoping I'd do something really
silly like jerk off in front of her, as it was I let go of my hard penis.



She looked at me impassively as she slipped from the bed and padded to the
adjoining bathroom.  She was wearing a pretty peach silk camisole top and
matching French knickers, which showed of her shapely behind really well.  There
was little I could do as my cock stood to attention again.  With Mistress Benny
gone from the bed I saw Mistress Green begin to stir.  Finally she opened her
eyes, and after a while saw me kneeling as instructed.  She wriggled around a
little and then lay back on the pillow. 

	"Dick, you are to crawl to the end of the bed.  You will lift the covers
and slide up to my crotch where you will eat my pussy until I come.  You will
keep your hands behind you at all times."  With these words I hastened to obey,
and it was a relief to change from a kneeling position.



I accomplished this enjoyable task and felt that I did it well.  Now I was
hoping that I would be allowed to ball the bitch and shoot my load into her, but
she didn't want that, and after I had slipped out of the bed and reassumed the
kneeling position she gave me a slightly irate look.  She told me I was still
much too green and untrained and that I should go to room 3 after breakfast and
await her there.



After a breakfast that took the edge off my hunger, though left it knawing at my
insides, I waited in room 3.  Like many other rooms it was white and appeared to
be a shower or wash room, though it had an astonishingly high ceiling.  It must
have been two floors high!  There was a very large showering cubicle, and there
were many drains in the floor.  There were a lot of cupboards, but since they
were all shut I could not make out their contents.  There were a couple of
stools but no punishment frames or the like.  It was impossible to decide what
the room was for; it didn't look like a room for Mistress Green's bath or shower
because it was very impersonal and cold for that.  Nor was it like room 12 where
I had been shaved and waxed.  I knelt and waited.



When Mistress Green arrived the first thing she commanded was for Mistress Benny
to remove Mistress Green's knickers.  I immediately thought that this was going
to lead to a lesbian sex scene and eagerly watched.  Mistress Benny knelt
reverently before Mistress Green, and reached up to slowly pull the garment to
the floor so it could be stepped out of.  The knickers were then handed back to
Mistress Green.  I was even more aroused when Mistress Green perched on a stool,
hiking up her skirt a little so that she could spread her legs wide.  I could
see every detail of her beautiful pussy.  Mistress Benny was also paying a lot
of attention!  I really hoped Mistress Benny would do the same thing.



Strangely however, Mistress Green directed me to bring a glass jug from one of
the cupboards.  Puzzled, I did.  I crawled over the floor to offer the jug to
her, but she refused it.

	"Don't be stupid Dick" she told me.  "You are going to hold the jug so I
can piss in it."  I was slightly disgusted by the idea, but if that's what she
wanted it did not seem too onerous.  I held the clear glass jug still as
Mistress Green released a long stream of yellow piss into the jug.  In one
continuous stream she peed a pint.  Towards the end as the stream lessened I had
to hold the jug closer and found the slightly rancid smell of her pee to be
nauseating.  The jug was warm in my hands, which didn't help.  She dabbed the
last drops from her pussy lips using the panties.



I was looking for somewhere to crawl away and empty the jug when Mistress
Green's instructions stopped me.

	"I am being immensely generous to you Dick.  You are going to have one
chance of practising to be my toilet slave before you have to do it for real.  A
toilet slave would normally be trained from the beginning to drink my pee
straight from my pussy, but that is time consuming because they have to be
punished when they puke it up and it takes them a while to learn to keep it
down.  I am judging that you are going to be able to do this almost immediately. 
Do everything you can to prove I'm right, do not puke this up, and be ready
tomorrow to accept my pee when you service me in the morning.  Unbelievably
merciful because Mistress Benny is going to dilute it for you too.  Then you can
drink the lot."

Mistress Benny fetches a bottle of mineral water from one cupboard.  The idea of
diluting urine with the expensive brand of water seemed particularly perverse. 
The jug was topped up to hold two pints of warm yellow diluted urine. 



As I kneeled there holding the jug I wondered what I should do.  I was sickened
and revolted by the idea, but knew that if I refused she would undoubtedly beat
me again.  So I had a choice, drink the piss, get whipped or go back to prison. 
Obviously I had never drunk piss before so in the end I decided to try it, to
see how bad it was.  I thought it best to just go for it and try and finish the
whole lot.  Closing my eyes I brought it to my lips and quickly started to drink
it all.  The flavour was salty and a little rank, it was warm and it smelled a
bit, but worst of all it made me nauseous thinking of its origin.  I tried
really hard to forget the feeling and think about something else.



Mistress Green commented to Mistress Benny that I was readily submissive and I
had been a good choice as they watched me drink every drop.  I knelt there
trying to contain the vomiting.  Any second my stomach threatened to spew the
lot out.  I could feel it jumping and the gorge rose in my throat.  My mouth
started to salivate, a sure sign I was just about to throw.  Luckily at that
moment Mistress Green distracted me by telling me to suck the pee on her
panties.  This was the perfect distraction, as the knickers tasted more of soap
powder then urine.



After this humiliating event I would normally retreat to the kitchen and do
whatever work was necessary there, but Mistress Green led me back to her study
where she was working, and Mistress Benny went about her own chores.  While
Mistress Green read papers and made notes I attended her as she needed, bringing
her drinks and snacks and massaging her feet when she wanted.  The problem was
that the two pints of liquid were beginning to distend my bladder, so I started
to shift about wondering when I could get away to pee.



Mistress Green glared at me and I kept as still as I could, but I really needed
to pee.  I couldn't stand it any more and humbly requested

	"Mistress Green.  Please can I go and pee Mistress Green?"

	"No" she replied.

I tried really hard to ignore the pressure of my bladder but had to ask again.

	"Mistress Green.  I really must go, please let me pee Mistress Green?"

This time she smiled and my heart leapt; she was going to let me go.

	"No" she again says. "And stop fidgeting about."

At least she didn't forbid me from asking again and after a few minutes when the
pain had become so intense it felt as if my bladder was becoming numb, I asked
again.

	"Mistress Green.  Please please let me go pee!  It is hurting so much. 
I really need to go Mistress Green."



At last I hear what I had hoped.

	"Yes you can go pee", and then she left me hurting more as she
continued, "but you are going to have to beg extraordinarily prodigiously before
you can go.  Only after I am happy will I let you go."  I am grateful that I'll
finally be allowed to go, and try to hang on as I beg and plead with her.

	"Mistress Green you are a wonderful and kind Mistress to let me see to
my own needs.  You are so generous that you release me from your side for me
fulfil my wants.  You understand that I cannot discipline my body properly and
must interrupt my servitude to you Mistress Green."  I continue several minutes,
as the pressure becomes unbearable agony.  I clutch my hand to my crotch,
crushing the penis in my fist trying to keep from pissing there and then.



Mistress Benny appears, I guess from having Mistress Green summon her somehow.

	"Take Dick to piss" is all Mistress Green says.  Having to crawl out of
her presence is almost the end, as I fear the urine is already leaking from my
willy.  Outside the room at least I can walk unsteadily on the high heels and
take hold of my penis again to choke the flow as I follow Mistress Benny. 



Instead of taking me back to my room Mistress Benny leads me to room 8 nearby. 
I am very grateful she has not forced me to trudge all over the house, but am
dismayed when I see that room 8 is not exactly a toilet.  In the centre of the
floor there is a small child's potty.  Adjacent are two rings suspended above
head height whose purpose I cannot determine.  Mistress Benny directs me.

	"You must squat above the potty, your hands on your head, and piss into
it"

I am so unbelievably desperate that I follow these orders without question. 
Immediately I squat my pee starts to flow, and very quickly I have no control at
all.  I endeavour to keep as much as possible in the potty but the relief is so
great I cannot even squeeze the muscles to hold it in.  Piss goes all over the
place, mostly forming a wide puddle on the floor that Mistress Benny
disdainfully avoids stepping in.  The spray and particularly wild gyrations of
my cock also end up soaking my stockings around the thighs. 



After the initial flow has eased and I can begin to control myself again I am
struck by the deep shame with what I have had to do.  Betrayed by the pain in my
bladder forcing me to humiliate myself, not only in having to beg for this basic
human function, but also the absurd conditions that have me spraying piss all
over the floor.



	"If! You had listened to my instructions Dick" Mistress Benny interrupts
my embarrassed thoughts, "you would have learned that a single drop missing the
potty results in punishment.  The absolute mess that you have made defies
anything as straightforward.  I am now going to whip you.  You notice the rings
above you?  You will grasp them.  Furthermore I revoke your toilet rights, if
you need to pee, you will hold on to the rings and I will whip you as you pee."

The only thing I can think of is to protest.

	"Mistress Benny please don't punish me! I really needed to go pee, and
Mistress Green gave me permission.  I am sorry about the mess I will clean it up
Mistress Benny."

She is unswayed by my pleading.

	"Yes, you will clean it up, and you will find that Mistress Green allows
me to handle the house training of a slave as I feel fit.  I think if you even
mention it to Mistress Green, she will be so disgusted she will whip the skin
off your whole body.  Now hold the rings."

I am so scared of Mistress Benny that I consider defying her, but she is
undoubtedly right, Mistress Green would not like the mess I made, and would
almost certainly believe Mistress Benny over me in any case.  Meekly I submit to
what I know is going to be a terrible punishment.



Mistress Benny is very careful where she places her strokes, they always land on
my buttocks but she can control the cane so that they land on one cheek, or the
other, or both at once.  The pain becomes as great as the beating the previous
day and I start to plead with her to stop.  She seems to know exactly how much
I'll take because as I think of rebelling and stopping the punishment myself,
she finally relents.  With an ass that is still aflame I get on my knees and
clean the floor until Mistress Benny is satisfied.



When I am returned to Mistress Green there is another indignity I am forced to
suffer.  She notices that my stockings are wet with my urine, and tells me she
is disappointed at my lack of control.  Aware of the special phase, I beg to be
spanked, even as my ass is just cooling from its beating.  Mistress Green does
not want me anywhere near her lap, so she first makes me take off the stockings
and stuff then into my mouth.  The deep revulsion I feel at having to taste my
own pee helps me endure the spanking on my already abused bum.  I am given clean
stockings, which I am surprised to find I enjoy wearing, I have become
accustomed to the feeling of them on my legs, and feel naked without them!



The afternoon is as miserable as the morning, and I realise, if I had not
before, that Mistress Green and Mistress Benny are deliberately forcing me into
degrading situations.  At lunchtime, as well as the tiny repast I usually
receive, I am also given another two pints of liquid.  Fortunately only water
this time, but this again forces me into a long pleading session trying to
persuade Mistress Green let me go to the toilet.  Realising that I am going to
need to go, I start begging long before I am absolutely bursting, which is a
sensible precaution because Mistress Green keeps me grovelling on my knees for a
greater time. 



This time in room 8 there is no pretence that I am supposed to urinate into the
potty.  Mistress Benny instructs me to hold the hoops.  I am to start pissing as
the first blow lands on my buttocks.  A minimum of 10 strokes later, or more if
I need to piss more, the whipping will stop.  I try to piss as quickly as
possible to minimise the punishment but it is very difficult to piss as you
clench your buttocks to try to endure the pain of the blow.  I am intensely
humiliated to be pissing like this, it seems so uncivilised to just let it
stream out over the floor, and then inevitably as there is less in my bladder it
begins to run down my legs, warm trickles inside the stockings.  After cleaning
the floor, again, I am unsurprised that Mistress Green requires me to push the
dirty stockings into my mouth as a gag while she spanks me.



***



I am resolved in a course of action!  Today has again been humiliating,
degrading and painful, even more than previously.  I am going to return to the
Federal detention centre that Mistress Green took me from.  I know that I am
going back to a life of isolation, but there is one small hope.  I am going to
make an effort to discover where in this house there is a link to the outside
world.  A phone I can use undetected, and before returning I am going to tell my
family what has happened and to work for my release.  Particularly I am going to
mention that the lawyer appointed to me is a disgusting sadistic bitch, and that
I want to bring charges against her!  With this small hope I am going to endure
as much as I can in the belief that as soon as someone has been contacted I will
be away from this monster.



This journal is useful evidence and will help me remember the degrading tasks
and painful punishments meted out during my barely voluntary stay.  Make no
mistake, though I started thinking this was possibly a much better situation
than being held for life in solitary confinement, it has turned into a living
hell.



My day started much as the last one.  An early and hungry awakening then waiting
while Mistress Green slept.  My butt cheeks had been so sore when I went to bed
the night before that I had slept on my front, but overnight they had recovered
and luckily there was no residual pain.  Today there was no Mistress Benny
beside her so it was later that she stirred. My knees were again very
uncomfortable from the long vigil.  Finally she stirred and saw me. 

	"Well, you know the routine Dick, get moving.  Oh, but forget the tongue
job, today I just need to piss."

My heart froze.  I had almost forgotten what I had been trained for the previous
day and had been expecting to just orally satisfy her.  Just do it! I told
myself as I had yesterday.  I crawled around to the foot of the bed and slipped
under the covers.  As I got closer to her spread legs and the crack of her pussy
I realised the magnitude of what I was about to do.  I had been utterly
degraded, placed in a position that I was about to consume the waste product of
another person to avoid certain punishment.  Then the time for philosophical
consideration was over and I placed my mouth over the pussy lips of her cunt.  I
used my tongue to push underneath her urethra so that hopefully the urine would
stream into my mouth rather than the bed that would surely get me punished. 
Suddenly the difficulty of her requirements hit me.  Could I actually drink it
fast enough?  It was only moments before my questions were answered.



Warm salty liquid flowed over my tongue.  Not a huge flood, as I feared but a
reasonable continuous stream.  My mouth filled with her piss, today undiluted,
and I nearly lost it and puked there as I experienced the full force of the
rancid taste.  I realised that I was going to have to swallow just by pressing
my tongue against the roof of my mouth to let the pee continue to enter.  Just
the act of swallowing and not choking filled my entire mind, and it was not
until after I had had swallowed several mouthfuls that the enormity of what I
had done struck me again.  Again I nearly puked, but I struggled and managed to
hold it down.



I had to drink three whole mouthfuls until the flow began to diminish.  Finally
I could not feel any more coming. 

	"A little lick now Dick" I was instructed.  So I used my tongue to
remove any drops of piss from Mistress Greens cunt.  "Now go and run me a warm
bubble bath." I was told. 



I slipped out of the bed and went through to the adjoining bathroom.  This was
much more in keeping with the grandness of the big house.  The tub in the middle
of the floor was the size of an Olympic pool.  Again the decorator had favoured
white, but in this case it was white marble and limestone.  The trim on the taps
and handles was gold, a deep gold colour I surmised meant that they really were
gold the metal and not just the colour. 



The necessary oils and lotions were neatly arranged and so I drew a warm bubbly
bath.  While I was doing this, Mistress Green came in.  I immediately dropped to
my knees, as I ought.  She was dressed in a pretty pale blue camisole top and
French knickers that matched the set that I had seen Mistress Benny wearing the
previous day.  Without a thought she removed her clothing, absent-mindedly
handing the wispy silk to me to hold.  I carefully laid her nightclothes on one
of the many upholstered stools not knowing where they should go.



Standing there naked, Mistress Green was a fantastic site.  I completely forgot
about how much of a bitch she was as I enjoyed the curves of her body.  Her hips
were unfashionably wide, but they made her butt into a perfect heart shape.  The
rest of her body was as classically beautiful.  I started day dreaming about
screwing that perfect body, wondering when my duties as a sex slave would start,
so far I had been more of a whipping boy and target for degradation.



Seeming to make up her mind, Mistress Green stopped the running water and went
and perched on the edge of a toilet.

	"I think there is a drop left" she tells me as she sits there opening
her thighs wide.  Suddenly I realise what she means and blushing at the
humiliation I crawl forward to again drink her urine.  She squeezes a little
out, and though I am revolted at the taste it does not automatically make me
want to retch.  She keeps me in that position, and instructs me to continue to
lick her pussy.  I notice that she is squeezing or pushing because I feel her
cunt press against my tongue rhythmically.  With horror and disgust I realise
that she is having a dump and that as I sit here tonguing her pussy she is
squeezing the shit from her asshole.  Sure enough I hear the splash and plop as
each turd falls into the toilet bowl.  Naturally there is also rather an odour,
when combined with the thought of her urine in my stomach causes feelings of
nausea again.



I hold my feelings on a tight rein thinking that it would be hypocritical and
undoubtedly pointless to complain to Mistress Green about her uncouth behaviour,
especially as I am the one pressed to her pussy drinking her piss.  She squeezes
several more turds into the toilet bowl.  There is a last dribble of pee for me
to drink before she sits back and I back away a little.

	"Where the fuck do you think you're going!" she angrily remonstrates.  I
am surprised and hold still.  "Take some paper and clean my asshole as well as
you can." I nervously do as she asks, using more paper than is really necessary
but reluctant to press too hard in case she decides that I am being too rough,
and punishing me for that.  The act disgusts me, though less than having to
drink her pee, in fact I am more embarrassed to have to help a grown woman like
this.



	"Now a bath," she tells me, probably just thinking aloud.  "Lie on the
floor face up."  I am puzzled by the request but obey.  I think it is rather
unnecessary to act all shy about her nudity while taking a bath since I have
seen her completely naked, and even eaten her cunt.  I lie down and stare at the
ceiling, and drift off into another daydream about fucking her.  Her rapidly
descending ass suddenly obscures my view!  I move to get up, but before my head
is even an inch off the floor her weight hits me and knocks me against the floor
again. 



Her pussy is pressed over my nose and her thighs hold the top of my head. 

	"Give me a bath now Dick!" she commands.  "You did clean me properly
didn't you?  So get that tongue out and give my little rose bud a nice tongue
bath!"  I am trapped beneath her butt and am again trapped in indecision.  When
should I rebel and demand to be returned to incarceration?  I had not yet found
any phone in the house so I was desperate to remain a little longer. 



Tentatively I stick my tongue out, until I touch the right area.  Immediately
she shifts back and her asshole is covering my mouth.  With my nose in her pussy
and my mouth covered I cannot breath at all.  Panicking I start to lick her ass
vigorously, and as she shifts to get more comfortable I find that it is just
possible to breath through my nose.  As I stop being so worried about my air
supply my current predicament intrudes.  I feel deeply degraded to be doing
this, and then I suddenly realise that there is a bitter taste in my mouth. 
Horrifically she had not been as clean as I had hoped and I could taste her
excrement.  Nothing could stop it this time and I felt the vomit rise up my
throat.  I thought I was going to drown and almost started to struggle against
the weight of her on my face.



With an amazing amount of control I managed to avoid choking by swallowing the
sick again.  The very acrid taste of the vomit removed any trace of her shit
from my mouth, and enabled me to continue to rim her tight little hole.  She sat
on my face like that for several minutes and I had to continue debasing myself. 
She started moving around a lot more, first of all presenting her pussy to lick
and then moving back implying I had to lick her asshole again.



When she had had enough she calmly slipped into the warm bath water and started
washing herself with soap, around her crotch and ass.  As I struggled back to a
kneeling position I was nearly in tears, angry and resentful over her treatment. 
If she was going to wash, then why not wash before I gave her asshole a tongue
bath?  Tears of injustice pricked at my eyes.



After the bath I helped Mistress Green dress.  She selected her own outfit in
the next room; a room devoted entirely to wardrobes of clothes.  I wouldn't have
known where to start.  I had to fasten the various straps and buckles, slipping
clothes carefully over her skin.  Making sure her stocking seams was straight. 
She wore her knickers over her stockings to make them easier to remove she
informed me.  I had to beg to be spanked one time when I let her bra strap snap
against her skin and my bottom was warmed for the morning.



While Mistress Green and Mistress Benny were eating their breakfast I was
informed that Mistress Green would be out of the house, and Mistress Benny would
have her own chores and so could not supervise me closely, after breakfast
Mistress Benny would provide me with a list of jobs.  I delighted in this news
because it gave me a chance to search for a phone.  After watching the two
Mistresses' break their fast on many tasty and delicious things; my little
breakfast of juice and buttered toast seemed very meagre.  Another day I was
going hungry, it seemed like I had always been hungry.



Mistress Benny was waiting in room 3 so I hurried along.  When I entered the
first thing I was informed was that I was going to have to wear a nappy! 
Mistress Benny looked at me and told me

	"After the mess you made yesterday, your toilet privileges have been
removed.  I will not have the time to whip your ass as you piss, so I have
chosen a suitable alternative.  The nappy will prevent you making a mess and
when I remove it, you can be punished if it is dirty!"

It seems pointless to argue and I meekly submit.  I had decided the previous
night that I was only going to satisfy my thirst last thing at night, and then
only drink what I was given during the day.  That way after emptying my bladder
in the morning, the only time I would need to use the toilet would be if I had
to drink a large quantity of Mistress Green's urine.  The piss and juice I had
drunk did not seem to be causing me any trouble so far so I could ignore the
nappy as another embarrassing thing.



I had to lie on a low level counter as Mistress Benny removed the uncomfortable
leather strap that held my dick and balls available, she also removed the
stockings which had the strange effect of making me feel naked.  Then she
powdered my hairless crotch and smeared some cream right in my ass crack.  The
nappy was a normal towelling nappy, and the last step was a pair of rubber pants
over the outside to hold leaks.  The whole procedure takes longer than I expect,
it seems pretty silly, and the end result has me ashamed to be seen looking like
a parody of a baby.  



Ten minutes later I was cleaning the floor of one of the numerous bathrooms when
Mistress Benny comes into the room. 

	"Nappy check" she informs me.  I laconically inform her that I have not
used it yet.  I hope I sound humble enough and not cheeky, but that does not
matter because Mistress Benny immediately launches into a fearsome tirade.

	"You aggravating Dick!  You ungrateful slime!  You pathetic male ass
licker!  It took me an age to costume you in the necessary gear so that you can
satisfy your little depravity for messing yourself, and all you can do is sneer
at me and inform me you don't need it!"  This calls for some harsh punishment."

I realise that perhaps I had sounded a little trite and hasten to apologise. 
Mistress Benny leaves the room and I scurry along behind apologising as
profusely as I can. 



She takes me to room 8 where I was whipped as I pissed the previous day, and
again I have to hold the rings that depend from the ceiling.  Mistress Benny
removes the nappy and proceeds to whip my ass with the cane she used previously. 
She whips until I am approaching the point I cannot handle the pain anymore.  My
ass is painful.  After the whipping we return to room 3 and a repeat of the
process of putting on another nappy.  The rough cloth irritates my burning ass
as I return to my chores.



I try to put the embarrassing interlude from my mind and continue my work.  The
simple menial tasks allow me to forget the embarrassing and degrading situation
and daydream of freedom, and sometimes fantasise about fucking Mistress Green. 
A little time has passed and again Mistress Benny pops into the room and demands
a nappy check.  She cannot be serious!  Obviously I had not used it in the short
time I had been wearing it, but again I am treated to the accusation that I am
wasting her time. 



It takes all my courage to hold the rings and let Mistress Benny hurt my already
painful ass.  It feels like I will never be able to sit again.  As Mistress
Benny places another nappy over my agonising bum I have an epiphany: I am meant
to use the nappy, Mistress Benny wants to punish me for a dirty nappy, not
having a clean one!  The whole nappy rigmarole now takes on a new light as I
realise this is another sadistic procedure to humiliate me and degrade me.



I again return to my chores trying to decide the best course of action.  My ass
is feeling so abused that I come to the conclusion I must use the nappy and take
the risk the punishment for a dirty nappy is not worse than a clean one, and it
couldn't be, could it?  As I kneel there contemplating this dilemma I realise
the depths to which I had been forced.  I was a grown man thinking of
deliberately wetting himself.  Putting my decision into practise was actually
harder than I expected; the bonds of self control assumed as we grow up are not
easily severed.  Finally I miserably sat there and felt my piss fill the cloth
of the nappy.



I continued to perform my chores, and Mistress Benny appeared as before.  This
time when asked I admitted that the nappy was full.  With a gleam in her eye,
Mistress Benny told me that I should crawl over to her feet and explain myself
and beg to be cleaned.  As I did so I felt so low.

	"Mistress Benny forgive me" I started.  "This poor creature of a
pathetic slave cannot control his own bodily functions.  I have pissed in my
nappy Mistress Benny.  Please clean me Mistress Benny"

We returned to room 8, the full nappy uncomfortable against my naked crotch, as
it squelched and squashed around. 



Mistress Benny obviously viewed the sodden nappy with distaste and I was the one
that removed it.  A bucket was provided for the soaking cloth.  With a lot of
trepidation I again clasped the rings.  I did not know if I could stand much
more pain inflicted on my ass, but Mistress Benny was merciful and the ordeal
was over quickly.  I had made the right decision; a full nappy was better than
an empty one.



When Mistress Benny had a clean nappy in position I returned to work.  I knew
that I was going to have to fill the nappy again, but my bladder was very empty. 
I ended up crouching on the floor straining to get any little drop out of my
cock.  As I continually failed to do so I began to get extremely nervous that
Mistress Benny would appear.  Moving around into a proper squat I thought that I
felt the beginning of a possible trickle of pee.  While doing this, I had a
horrible feeling, and then just as the thought formed, I felt a bowel movement. 
The head of a turd was pushing from my ass; I could actually feel it against my
ass cheeks.  A consolation was that a small amount of urine did enter the nappy.



I did not know what to do about my half emerged shit and tried for a while to
work with it where it was, but that was too uncomfortable, so that in the end I
found it easier to squat and let the whole shit fill my nappy.  I was highly
conscious of the fact I had fouled myself, disgusted that I had to do it, but
reassured that at least it was a dirty nappy and Mistress Benny would be happy. 
Though it was easier to work I was reminded of the shit coating my ass and
insinuating itself in my crotch as I moved around.



Mistress Benny did not check on me again until a little before lunchtime.  I had
found that my bladder was full again and made the mistake of thinking it would
be better in the nappy.  The combination of faeces and urine in the nappy as I
moved around had resulted in something that felt like thick diarrhoea.  Mistress
Benny looked really revolted as I crept towards her and explained my depravity,
how I had been unable to control my own bowels. 



In room 8, the nappy went into the same bucket, and Mistress Benny stood as far
away as possible as she whipped my shit covered ass.  This explained the fact
she only used two strokes.  She actually put the now shitty cane in the bucket
too!  Back in room 12 the purpose of the unusually large shower became obvious
as I was literally hosed down with a painful jet of cold water.  Mistress Benny
perked up at this and used the jet to abuse my asshole as I bent over holding my
ass cheeks apart.



After a small repast at lunch, I drank a lot of water, and I was equipped with a
clean nappy.  I easily filled the nappy but Mistress Benny did not check the end
of the afternoon when my chores were deemed complete, by which time I had had to
use it repeatedly to empty my overfull bladder.  This nappy again joined the
others in the bucket and Mistress Benny used a clean cane to give me the final
beating of the day.



There was another indignity I was subjected to that revolted me, before I could
finally clean up and perch, avoiding sitting on my painful bottom, and writing
this journal entry.



When Mistress Green returned home I had to explain that during her absence I
could not control my bodily functions and had dirtied several nappies.  Mistress
Benny was directed to instruct me on the steps I should take to prevent myself
making the same mistake.  I could have pointed out that the mistake was a
conscious decision to avoid a heap of pain but wisely held my tongue!



In room 12 I was given the foetid bucket containing the nappies and a shallow
trough.  Each nappy had to be scraped of shit and wrung as dry as possible into
the trough, by hand.  Sickened by the smell and the depravity of the task it
took me a long time to clean them so that Mistress Benny was satisfied.  She
then showed me a special stool that enabled me to sit and wash the nappies in
the sink.  The stool was special in that the trough of my faeces and urine were
placed on top and I sat in my waste as I cleaned the nappies.  It was
exceptionally disgusting and again it took a long time to get the nappies clean
enough to please Mistress Benny.  I was then hosed down again and the ordeal was
over.



***



Coming soon...



-------------------------------------------------------------

Chapter 3 {FdomFdomM ds bd mc toys humil anal sad enem tort elec}

-------------------------------------------------------------




------------------------------------------------------------
Captive Hacker
------------------------------------------------------------

Dedicated to "J"

-------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter 3
-------------------------------------------------------------

My search for a phone has so far failed.  I think I can stand the perversions
until I find someway of contacting my family and friends.  Hopefully a short
call will be enough to let them know I still exist and explain that I have been
found guilty by some extra-legal counter-terrorist agency even though I am
totally innocent.  I am perceived to be a threat to national security and I have
not been allowed any access to the outside world with the exception of my
so-called counsel.  She informed me after the fact I had been found guilty. 
Then she offered me this position as her sex slave which I took thinking it
would be better than rotting in solitary confinement. 

My assumptions about my duties have so far been far short of reality and I have
suffered another embarrassing and degrading day.  I am keeping this journal as a
reminder of the indignities I have suffered.

The day started as usual.  I had to attend Mistress Green, kneeling by her bed
from an early hour, until she awoke and needed me.  After rising I showered,
shaved and put on my uniform.  A black leather collar never left my neck, even
at night.  It was tight so I was always reminded of its presence.  I had a top
made of black leather straps that looked and acted like a harness.  I then very
carefully put on sheer black stockings, which attached to suspenders on the
harness.  I had become accustomed to wearing the stockings over my shaved legs. 
An uncomfortable crotch strap then went in a 'Y' shape from the back of the
harness round my asshole and then up to hold my cock and balls in a tight grip
facing out from my body before being clipped onto the harness at the front. 
Black high heels completed the outfit.

On previous days she me perform oral sex on her as she woke, but today she only
needed to pee.  When she woke I crawled into her bed up to her pussy, fastened
my mouth over her cunt and drank her piss as she used me for her toilet.  I ran
her a bath and dressed her. Today she selected a bikini and a robe because she
wanted to work on her tan.

I kneeled at her feet as she and Mistress Benny had their breakfast, and then
had a little to eat myself.  When I had finished I had to carry an enormous bag
of things as she went out to lie by the pool.  In her presence I must crawl, so
to carry the bag it was placed on my back.  Previous experience convinced me the
threats she made of punishment if I dropped the bag were real. 

I managed to make my way to her sun bed by the pool, and her only comment was
that she was 'disappointed' I had taken so long.  This expression has a special
significance, and upon hearing it I must beg to be spanked for whatever minor
behaviour she is not happy with.  I had become accustomed to being spanked so I
found it painful and slightly humiliating but accepted the punishment. 

It was pleasantly hot and sunny and the day started well.  First of all Mistress
Green required that I rub suntan oil all over her body, which was very arousing. 
She had immediately taken off the robe and bikini top but left the bottom part
on.  This was the first time I had properly touched her body with my hands and
it was quite thrilling.  I kept hoping that my duties as a sex slave would allow
me more intimate contact, and this seemed like a step in the right direction. 

When it came to massaging the oil into her breasts I was very aroused, and I
don't think I was very subtle as I my hands worked over her tits.  She didn't
complain though, and seeing my cock was becoming erect told me
	"You don't want to get sunburned Dick!" and proceeded to rub oil into my
cock, pulling it and massaging it with oily hands.  This was only a tease and
she told me I could sit in the shade. 

The bag contained many things.  As well as lotions and oils, there was a huge
icebox with lots of cooling drinks and juices.  These I served to Mistress Green
on request.  I was sorely tempted to drink something myself, but I knew that if
I needed to pee I would have to grovel very humbly, and then when she agreed
Mistress Benny would beat me on the buttocks as I pissed in front of her.

Late in the morning Mistress Green required me to perform a truly disgusting
act.  She needed to piss, and sat on the edge of the sun bed with her legs
apart, one hand holding the bikini aside as I pressed my face against her pussy
to drink her urine.  After the initial flood of piss she sat forward, and told
me in a calm voice.
	"Dick I also need to crap.  Put you hands out and catch my shit while
you drink my piss." 
She used the other hand to hold her bikini out of the way while I held my hands
out under her ass, my face still buried in her crotch.  I did not know what to
expect and it felt strange as the warm lumps of faecal matter dropped onto my
out-stretched hands.  I was revolted by the feel and the thought about what was
actually there.  Luckily she couldn't see my face, as I am certain it showed my
disgust.

When she had finished she told me to wrap the turds, clean my hands and return
with paper to wipe her ass.  Carrying the shit in my hands as I hobbled on my
knees back to the bag was even more disgusting as I could see what I was
carrying.  I tried to ignore the smell and not look at it as my stomach
threatened to throw-up my little breakfast.

In the bag I had been carrying I found the necessary papers and wrapped Mistress
Green's excrement.  Then I fastidiously cleaned my hands, aware that I could not
take too long before returning to wipe Mistress Green's bottom.  As soon as I
could I scurried back and carefully wiped her ass.  She did not complain about
the time taken.

Previously she had sat on my face so that I could tongue her asshole after
shitting, but today she lay across the sun bed, her ass in the air.  This made
it harder because I had to force myself approach to lick her asshole.  It was as
unpleasant as last time and again I felt the need to puke as I tasted the
bitterness of the remains of her toilet.  I tried to avoid the taste by
summoning as much saliva as I could manage but it did not help and she made me
tongue her ass very thoroughly.  I had the distinct impression that this was
going to be a common occurrence.

During the afternoon the clouds that had been building up on the horizon
released a torrent of rain.  After lunch Mistress Green informed me that she was
relaxed and horny enough for some exercise indoors and I was to help.  She told
me to wait in room 6. 

Room 6 was not decorated in the soft white colours of the other rooms I had been
in, but appeared to be a semi-formal sitting room.  There were a large number of
couches, chaise-longue and straight backed chairs.  There were some stools and
tables, high and low.  The walls had a dark patterned wallpaper and numerous
cupboards.  The floor was carpeted. 

I knelt and waited for Mistress Green.  When she entered I was amazed, she was
dressed as I expected a Dominatrix to dress.  A black full cup basque. 
Suspenders holding sheer black stockings with matching panties over, black high
heels and long black gloves.  She sashayed across the carpet and took a
reclining position on a chaise.  She looked at me and then said:
	"Get an erection Dick!" a command I thought in keeping with my status as
her sex slave.  As my hand reached out to stroke my already stirring cock she
added
	"Without your hands."  This was actually very easy to do; I just had to
mentally strip her as she lay there. 

I had to kneel there for an uncomfortably long time struggling to keep my
imagination churning to keep my cock hard.  Eventually she stood and as I
watched removed her panties.  These she twirled on a finger as she resumed her
reclined position but this time opening her legs.  She then gave the command I
expected and I hurried forward to bury my face in her lap and eat her pussy.  I
thought I was pretty good at this and hoped that this would be the time I could
finally get my erect cock inside the bitch's wet cunt. 

She was soon moaning and groaning nicely, holding my head in her hands and
moving against me.  After a while she moved so she was lying back, and holding
her legs up she bade me lick her asshole too.  The fact this was of a sexual
nature meant I did not hesitate and happily lapped at her little asshole as well
as licking up to her pussy too.  It was something I had never tried, but I had
often thought about anal sex with a woman, and maybe this was to be the day. 
Finally she had me on the floor as she squatted over my face, first offering her
pussy, and then her ass to my eager tongue. 

I was therefore surprised when she rose to her feet and stepped away. 
Immediately I was fearful that I had done something wrong, but she just assumed
her position on the chaise again.  As I moved to continue to suck her off she
stopped me and told me to get the object in a particular cupboard and draw.  I
was a little mystified until I found that the object was a little silver dildo. 
When I returned with the dildo I had to use it on her pussy.  It was very
strange to use something other than my penis like this, but in a way it was
easier.  I had a lot of control, rubbing it up and down her cunt, pushing her
clit, before slipping it inside her.  I thought it was really small because it
slipped in so easily and there was no resistance as I fucked her cunt pushing
the toy in and out.  I assumed that this toy was just a form of foreplay and
that the next act was to me my cock spearing her wet pussy.

Again she directed me to another cupboard and draw, and this turned out to be a
bigger, nearly full size dildo.  I continued to use this tool on her pussy, now
taking care as I pushed it inside her that I had it correctly angled.  There was
more resistance and she was beginning to really get into it as I fucked her with
the dildo.  She was arching her back and pushing herself up the shaft of the
pretend penis.

Another command directed me to another drawer, but instead of the dildo I was
expecting, I found a leather garment with a screw-threaded stud on it. 
Returning to Mistress Green, the reason was clear, the dildo attached to one
stud on one side of the crotch plate, the side that had bumps that would rub
over her clit.  I helped her step into the straps and slide the dildo into her
pussy.  The smaller silver dildo screwed onto the front. 

I was so turned on that I couldn't see where this was going as I was told to
suck Mistress' cock.  The little silver dildo was still covered in her juices as
I sucked it.  I could hold the dildo in my mouth and push and pull so the dildo
her end was moving in her pussy at the same time.  The first inkling I had at
the remainder of the game came when I realised what we must look like, me
kneeling before her sucking her pretend dick.  As this enlightenment hit me she
smiled at me and told me:
	"Turn around Dick and use you hands to spread your butt cheeks."
I did not know what to do.  I was a virgin in the ass, and had never had any
fantasies in this area.  I had thought about anal sex with a woman, but in that
case it was always my hard cock driving into her forbidden passage.  The fantasy
might have included the dream girl licking my ass, but not actually inserting
anything.

My indecision must have lasted a long time because Mistress Green started
frowning.  I thought that she was about to suggest a punishment so I did as I
was asked almost unconsciously.  My mind was detached from the thought, perhaps
hoping this was all a sick dream and I was about to wake up.  My thoughts
immediately returned to the present as I felt the touch of the toy on my
puckered asshole. 
	"Just relax," she tells me, which doesn't help as I immediately tense
more.
She laughs and I feel the pressure suddenly build as she presses against me. 
Then I feel the head of the dildo parting my sphincter and entering my body.

I am physically sickened by this violation, and my asshole tries to tighten and
expel the invader.  Mistress Green starts to pull the dildo out.  Even as I am
trying to hold the penetrating dildo out she mercilessly starts pushing in
again.  My sphincter is again forced apart against all my struggles to tighten
my ass.  After several more strokes, my body begins to relax and I begin to
accept the foreign object being shoved into my ass though it starts to feel sore
and stretched.  This is matched by my hot embarrassment at being abused in such
a way.

Mistress Green's strokes increase in speed as she pulls and pushes the dildo
deep into my ass and my asshole begins to get extremely painful.  As she does
this I can hear her panting and puffing as the other end of the dildo not
inhabiting my ass fucks her pussy.  I start to complain about the pain:
	"Mistress Green, please stop Mistress Green."  It does not make any
difference except perhaps to make her pump harder.  Fortunately she does not
take too long until she orgasms, while thrusting the dildo as deep inside me as
it will go.

She then pulls the dildo out of my ass, making it feel strangely empty as she
goes to lie on the chaise again.  I slump to the floor, barely able to kneel, as
my legs feel weak at the thought of my violation.  My ass is on fire,
spastically tightening as it struggles to cope with the unfamiliar sensations. 
Mistress Green is lying satiated on the chaise.  After a few minutes as I get my
feelings under control she tells me to help remove the dildo arrangement.

As I approach her she suddenly exclaims
	"You disgusting filthy Dick!  You horrible shit assed slime!  Look at my
dildo, soiled by your animal waste!"  I don't know what to say since it was her
idea to spear my ass with her dildo.  "You are going to clean these properly,"
she tells me and I am suddenly revolted at the idea she is going to make me lick
them clean.  At that moment Mistress Benny arrives and the still fuming Mistress
Green requests that I am taken away and cleaned up.

I am relieved that I have not been asked to clean the dildo soiled with my
excrement with my mouth and meekly follow Mistress Green to room 3.  My tension
increases again as I am told to strip and Mistress Benny starts to assemble
various items of equipment.  Then I stand in the shower and Mistress Benny
presents me with a long tube.  One end of which has a large liquid filled bag. 
My heart pounds as she explains its purpose.
	"This is an enema Dick, to make sure you are properly clean inside for
Mistress Green's pleasure.  Since you have proven yourself incapable of keeping
your ass clean you are to use this equipment when directed.
	"You will insert the catheter into your anus, hold the enema bag at nose
height and then open the tap.  When the contents have filled your rectum you can
remove the catheter but you will hold the contents inside you until I say you
can release it.  Only then can you release the liquid.  You will then be hosed
down.
	"An appropriate punishment would be to whip you while you held the
liquid and as you expel it, but I don't want to be anywhere close to your foul
excrement.  Therefore you will be whipped afterwards, and the number of strokes
will be proportional to the length of time you failed to hold the fluid in your
bowels.
	"After being whipped I will test your ass with a dildo.  If it comes out
dirty with any trace of faeces we will repeat the process.  Is that clear?"

I am overcome with embarrassment and shame.  I would prefer that this had never
happened, but if my plan is to have any hope of success I am going to have to
humiliate myself with this unnatural and unnecessary activity.
	"Mistress Benny, yes Mistress Benny" I reply in a small voice.

With great reluctance I take the catheter and hold it against my ass.  I am
going to abuse myself with it, which make me feel more ashamed then being reamed
by Mistress Green's dildo.  Clenching my teeth I push the tube into my ass.  It
is smaller that the dildo earlier and is not too much of a problem to insert.  I
have no idea of what it is going to be like and carefully open the tap.  The
height difference between the enema bag and my ass means the cold fluid
immediately starts to fill my insides.  It is like a cold heavy weight in my
intestines, not uncomfortable but decidedly unpleasant.  Immediately I find I
have to tense my sphincter to hold the tube in place as the bag empties into my
ass.  It takes a couple of minutes and I feel the pressure building immediately,
I hope I don't have to hold it for long.

When the bag is nearly empty, Mistress Benny gives me permission to remove the
tube, and then bids me stand still and hold it in.
	"I will start at 100 strokes Dick." I am horrified to hear, I know I
cannot hold it for long and if she counts down slowly I am going to get severely
beaten.
	"The minimum I will count down to is 10.  At that point I will let you
release the enema.  Do not release it until then."
She sits on a stool as I struggle to keep my ass as tightly closed as possible. 
It is at least a minute before she announces 90 strokes.  I nearly let go then
but the dread of the whipping keeps me squeezing my ass as tightly as possible. 
The number of strokes continues to decrease but ever so slowly.  I am clenching
my teeth and holding my sphincter as tight as I can.

At the fifty mark I feel an unbelievable pressure as my colon tries to rid
itself of the burden of the water.  I hold on as hard as I can, straining to not
let go.  I beseech Mistress Benny to let me empty my bowels,
	"Mistress Benny it hurts so much, please let me release it Mistress
Benny."
	"Mistress Benny I cannot control myself Mistress Benny."
Blushing deeply red from my assumed worthlessness I ask her
	"Mistress Benny I am a dirty slave who cannot control his own bowels and
anus, I humbly beg you to allow me to void my waste Mistress Benny".
This last plea makes her smile, but she continues the count and my ass is
beginning to cramp and numb at the tension.

At 20 strokes, I feel the liquid running down the backs of my thighs as it is
squeezed out of my ass.  Mistress Benny does not seem to notice and eventually
announces.
	"10 Dick, let it go".
I am so relieved the enema squirts out my ass with astounding force; it feels
like the whole of my intestines are being expelled. 

Mistress Benny uses the cold-water hose to remove the dirt and delights in
abusing my poor asshole with a direct jet as I bend over holding my ass cheeks
apart.  We go to room 8, which is Mistress Benny's room for toilet training.  I
hold a pair of rings above head height as she whips my ass.  She first tells me
the number
	"You started letting go at 20 didn't you Dick?" she asks me, and I
realise that I cannot persuade her that I held it all until 10.  So I reply in a
small resigned voice.
	"Mistress Benny.  You are correct, it started trickling out at 20
strokes Mistress Benny".

The 20 strokes are as painful as the other times I have been beaten by Mistress
Benny.  Puzzled we returned to room 3, and then I realise that Mistress Benny
intends to check my ass.  As I bend over she pulls on a rubber glove and
unceremoniously sticks a finger in my ass.  The intrusion is sudden and rough
and I squeak at the indignity.  She then pulls the finger out with a pop.  I
guess that she must have looked at it, because she presents it to my face.
	"Suck this," she tells me.  I am revolted by the idea that I am having
to force myself to suck a finger that had recently been in my ass.  However it
looks clean and though I felt the urge to vomit I controlled myself and start to
suck her finger.  All I could taste was the neoprene of the glove.

My ordeal is not over, because after the first finger, Mistress Green repeats
the procedure and again I suck it when it has been removed from my anus.  She
switches fingers, and then I feel her push two fingers into my ass.  This is a
weird sensation as I feel my asshole being distended.  After sucking those two
fingers, I feel her trying to fit 3 into my ass.  I feel that it is as wide as
it can go and immediately start begging for her to have mercy and not split my
sphincter ring.  She does not stop straight away, but enjoys my increasingly
panicked cries until she regretfully stops.  She tells me,
	"And now the deep test."
From a draw she takes a white probe, not very wide, but at least 10" long.  I am
scared at the idea that this is going to be forced into my bowels, and even more
scared that it is certain to be dirtied and all this indignity is going to be
repeated.

The first length slides in easily but then I feel it stop and push against
something inside me.  Mistress Benny keeps pushing and the pain grows.  I plead
for her to stop
	"Mistress Benny, please stop, no Mistress Benny I can feel it pushing
against something.  Please stop Mistress Benny" I am so scared I actually try to
substitute the pain
	"Mistress Benny please stop, I don't mind if you whip me more Mistress
Benny"
She just tells me
	"Relax you pathetic Dick it'll slide the rest of the way in as you
relax."
I am so scared I am thinking of stopping this torture immediately, but make a
little effort to relax.  I am amazed and relieved as I feel some muscle group
relax inside my bowels and the strange feeling as the instrument pushes the rest
of the way inside of me.

I am now scared about the result.  To my relief and perhaps to Mistress Benny's
displeasure it is as clean as it went in.  I slump and sigh relieved.  After
dressing Mistress Benny returns me to Mistress Green in room 6, the toy room.

From the range of dildos and vibrators scattered over the room it appears that
Mistress Green has been amusing herself while I was being cleaned.  Mistress
Benny informs Mistress Green that I have been properly cleaned and punished. 
She continues
	"But Dick is so anally retentive.  He squealed pitifully when I had to
check his ass, he is going to need a lot more training."
Mistress Green agrees,
	"OK then Dick, tomorrow we'll see you take some more of these beauties."
I feel physically sick because as says this her hand is running up and down a
realistically modelled dildo, but this dildo is screwed onto a table top and
must be 12" high and at least 3" in diameter.  If she is going to force that
into my ass I know that my whole torso would literally be ripped open.

***

Another day has passed and I feel a terrible despair that I will never be able
to find a way out of this.  Last night after the sickening games of the day I
sneaked around trying to find phone or anything that might be connected to the
outside world.  Sleeping was difficult anyway because of the amount of
punishment inflicted on me in the course of Mistress Green's training.

The day started normally enough, with me acting as Mistress Green's toilet and
guzzling her piss when she woke.  After my very light breakfast Mistress Benny
again takes me to room 3 where I administer an enema to myself.  I actually
found it easier to hold as she counted down to 10 strokes.  I was annoyed that I
had to endure even those 10 as I had not actually done anything to require the
enema, but I knew better than to complain.  When Mistress Benny came to insert
the deep probe I felt the same pain as it pushed against some muscles in my
rectum, but remembered to relax, so before the pain became unbearable it had
slipped all the way inside.

That was just the beginning of a day of anal abuse and varied punishments.  The
first toy I had to take in my ass was the same small silver dildo used the
previous day, and it slipped in without any problem.  Mistress Green then
required me to beg to be fucked in the ass.  I was very embarrassed to have to
do this, it seemed gratuitous to make me seem to want it, as well as abusing me.
I had to beg hard,
	"Mistress Green please fuck my ass, I really need you to fuck my
asshole, I love to feel hard tools and cocks pushing into my rear fuck hole
Mistress Green."
When she thought I had pleaded with her sufficiently she would push the toy into
my ass.  Soon I was so accustomed to the act that it entered without resistance.

After that toy Mistress Green showed me a bigger dildo.  It was still small, but
it was ribbed and designed to look like a penis.  I first had to suck the
pretend cock as though I was giving it a blowjob.  The taste and feel did not
revolt me but the thought of the specific reason for the design made me feel
nauseous.  I sucked and sucked, licking the length of the dildo to fulfil
Mistress Green's desire that I treat this like a real cock and pleasure it the
way I would a real penis. 

When Mistress Green was satisfied that I had properly sucked and worshipped the
pseudo-penis, she positioned it over my backdoor.
	"Now beg as if you wanted your fuck hole filled with dick Dick," she
demanded and I then carried on, as she wanted.
	"Mistress Green, please fuck my ass with your cock I so need you fat
cock in my ass.  My ass is gaping to receive your beautiful long thick dick
Mistress Green."  While mouthing these sickening entreaties I braced myself
waiting for the anal invasion.

Mistress Green waited a little to build the tension, and then I felt the head of
the glan against my asshole.  As she pushed it I felt the pressure build and
then with relief it was inside.  She bade me continue with the begging, and this
time I had to exclaim how good it was.
	"Mistress Green.  That feels so great, oh yes Mistress Green, your cock
is so good buried in my ass Mistress Green."  I am revolted by the idea that I
am begging to be ass-fucked something I would never even consider doing.  As I
told her how great it was feeling she started moving it in and out, truly
fucking my ass.  The sensation was strange, like I was taking a dump as it slid
out and painful as it pushed it's way back in again.

I was very relieved when she finally pulled the dildo from my ass.  I thought
that was the end of the training.  There was a lot more to come.  Mistress Green
looked at me and told me,
	"Dick you penis does not agree with your earnest desires.  I suggest you
get a hard on right now".  Even though my ass hurt from the previous pursuit, I
immediately started trying to think of something that would turn me on.  With a
smile I kept inside myself I imagined fucking this bitch in the ass with my dick
as she begged for it.  The idea was successful and I became hard enough for her
to play with.  I had been disappointed many times in my current position as sex
slave so I knew she probably wasn't going anywhere with the stroking.

I was right; she let go of my erect dick and went to get another toy.  I was
apprehensive that she might find an even bigger dildo and was mildly relieved
when she returned with something much smaller.  The relief lasted seconds as I
saw the toy she was holding.
	"This is a butt plug Dick" Mistress Green told me rather unnecessarily.
"There is no need to beg to be fucked because you only need to hold this in your
ass.  I'll let you put it in."

The plug was a greater diameter than the dildo she had used previously though
obviously not as long.  I doubted I could take it but took it from her hand to
try.  I bent forward so that my ass was as accessible as I could make it.  I
rested the plug against my ass and started turning it, trying to force my anal
sphincter to open enough to accept the plug.  I twisted and exerted as much
pressure as I dared, but the widest part of the plug wouldn't slip into my ass. 
I pushed and screwed up my face with effort but couldn't manage it.  Eventually
I realised that I was going to have to beg Mistress Green to spare me the butt
plug.
	"Mistress Green I cannot get it in Mistress Green" I pleaded.  "I have
tried really hard, but it cannot get past my ass, it really won't go in, please
don't make me Mistress Green," I begged.

I was surprised when she said
	"Very well" but then she continued and realised that I had only modified
the pain I was going to feel.  She required me to fetch a whip from room 1. 
Room 1 was the punishment room where all the whips canes and paddles were kept. 
She made me return with a long whip.  I was really scared. 
	"I can see Mistress Benny has already reddened your ass" Mistress Green
tells me.  "Lie down on that table.  On your side.  Now lift that leg up and
hold the knee to your chin."  As I followed her instruction I realised that my
inner thigh was exposed and that was to be the target of her whipping.
	"Mistress Green, please no, not there, I'll try again Mistress Green" I
begged.
	"You certainly shall Dick.  But this is to encourage you." 

The whip made much more of a noise than the cane as it whistled through the air
and cracked against the table and my inner thigh.  For a moment I thought that
she had missed but then the blinding burning pain makes me scream out loud.  I
clutch my inner thigh, there is an angry red welt already rising.  I continue
sobbing and gasping as Mistress Green motions for me to rise from the table. 
She again presents the butt plug to me.

I bend over and position the plug against my asshole again.  I am reluctant to
push, but then Mistress Green delicately mentions
	"There is always the other thigh Dick", and I summon all the tatters of
courage remaining.  Grinding my teeth I thrust the plug home with one push.  I
felt as I have torn my sphincter muscle, but as the pain dies away I am aware
that the butt plug is resting, as it should.

Mistress Green takes hold of the plug and jiggles it about. This does not hurt
as I expect though my ass feels distended beyond my butt cheeks.  She then
orders me to skip about.  This feels very silly, but better than the anal abuse. 
The plug feels uncomfortable and strange but does not stop me performing the
minor exercises as commanded.  Finally she asks me to remove the plug.  Taking
the same position, I hold the plug and firmly pull it out.  I am expecting a lot
of pain, but it does not seem so bad.  Then, naturally I must reinsert the plug. 
I managed it last time so again I grit my teeth and push in one movement.  I am
relieved the plug does not hurt as much as it enters.

	"Excellent" I am told by Mistress Green.  Mind over body is a wonderful
thing when it comes to pain.  Lets see what else we can find."  I am physically
and mentally exhausted as I kneel there.  Mistress Green returns with another
dildo, long and white and smooth.  It looks to be a similar diameter to the butt
plug.  I am resigned to this perverted game and don't raise any objection,
though I feel my heart sink at the thought.

Maybe I am becoming accustomed to this anal abuse.  When commanded I easily pop
the butt plug from my ass and start the degrading begging Mistress Green
requires, begging to be fucked in the ass.  She informs me I am in for a treat! 
And before inserting the dildo she turns the end.  It is actually a vibrator and
starts buzzing in her hands.  The new sensation in my ass is very strange,
almost the same feeling as when I shaved the hair from my crotch and butt with
the electric razor.  Whether it is because of the vibrations, or my ass is
loosening, it only hurts a little as Mistress Green pushes the toy inside me.

After entering 3 or 4 inches or so, I have the same feeling as when Mistress
Benny tests my ass after the enema, a feeling that I am holding a group of
muscles closed inside me.  Without being bidden I relax and he toy slides all
the way into my ass.
	"Good boy!" shouts Mistress Green as she begins to fuck my ass with the
vibrator.  I have to concentrate on relaxing to let it invade my bowels all the
way so my exclamations of pleasure are rather repetitive.  Mistress Green
notices and remarks that I ought to be more enthusiastic.  I try to comply, and
keep my back door open at the same time.

After Mistress Green begins to tire of ass fucking me, she notices that my cock
is limp. 
	"But Dick, again I am not convinced of your sincerity.  You dick should
be as hard as a rock when you are being ass-fucked."  I struggle to obey knowing
that to fail in this is to invite more punishment.  I cannot think of anything
immediately arousing enough and begin to get scared that I will fail in to get
an erection.  The thought I settle on in the end as I cast about is the feeling
of lapping Mistress Green's pussy as I drink her piss.  This causes my cock to
begin to stir, and then I am struck by how depraved I have become using this
idea to encourage my tumescence.

	"One last toy for you to try then Dick" I am told.  My asshole is aching
from the abuse and I clench it with the thought of having to anything else in my
rear door.  The next toy is again a butt plug, but this time it has a long tail
attached.  "This will go really well with the rest of your outfit" Mistress
Green informs me.  The plug is bigger and again I am frightened by the thought
of ramming it into my ass, but the thought of a whipping on my thighs is an
incentive.  I bend over to insert the plug, feeling its wider girth against my
ass.  I am torn in indecision, between the likely prospect of permanently
harming my asshole and the surety of the whip on the thighs.

Mistress Green must have seen my hesitation and reaching forward suddenly rams
the butt plug into my asshole.  I scream at the pain.  It feels as though my
sphincter has been split it is burning so badly.  Part of me wants to expel the
foreign object, while another part is fearful of the consequences.  Finally as
the pain dies to a dull throb I am able to control myself again.  Mistress Green
requires me t walk around and witch my tail.
	"Yes, that looks good Dick.  In the future that will always be a part of
your costume."

In the afternoon Mistress Green again took the opportunity to sunbathe.  It was
easy to sit in the shade and obey the commands she gave me.  Rubbing oil into
her back, bottom and breasts was a pleasant turn on, and there were no new toys
or instruments shoved into my ass though the tail butt plug remained in place. 
It did not hurt, but my ass still felt sore and stretched.

Towards the end of the afternoon, I realised that I needed to pee.  I had been
trying to avoid the necessity because Mistress Green makes it as humiliating as
possible to perform this basic function.  I thought I could hold it, but as the
need increased I realised that I was going to have to grovel to Mistress Green. 
She watched me as I crawled over to her sun bed.  I began to beg and plead to be
allowed to urinate.  I thought I might have left it too long my bladder felt so
full, but finally Mistress Benny appeared with the cane she used to whip my ass
as I relieved myself.
	"Take Dick to pee on the grass" Mistress Green directed.

I had become reasonably accustomed to this humiliation and stood with my hands
on my head waiting for Mistress Benny to begin the caning.  As I felt the first
stroke land on my ass I was pleasantly surprised to find that the butt plug
tail, though uncomfortable and undignified, helped keep the cane from hurting my
ass too much.  I was therefore able to easily piss and delighted in the fine
stream of urine as it danced in the sun.

Mistress Benny started to return to the house and I crawled back to my original
place.  Mistress Green must have seen the ease with which I accepted the
punishment and called Mistress Benny back.  She asks me directly
	"Dick, you took that very easily, did the tail help you?"  I cannot see
how this is going to lead to any more indignities so I oblige Mistress Green by
confirming that the tail did help me withstand the blows.  Mistress Green muses,
	"Well we can't have that, I have an idea.
	"Dick, bend over and remove the tail."  I bend over and grip the end of
the butt plug.  It was forced into my ass with a lot of pain so I am reluctant
to pull it out.
	"Now Dick" Mistress Green commands in a stern voice.  Holding my breath
and clenching my teeth I give the plug a hard pull.  My ass muscles have become
accustomed to the plugs presence, and feel cramped as it pulls out.  As the plug
distends my sphincter I feel a great pain, but it is also a relief to be rid of
the penetrating object.

My ass feels really sore as the pain dies away to an ache, and I involuntarily
find the muscles tightening and then relaxing back to and open state.  I have to
consciously squeeze it closed.  I suspect I am going to be caned again but I
think it will not be unbearable.  Mistress Green has other ideas.
	"Cane him on the asshole Benny.  Three strokes right over his little
sensitive anus."  I am truly frightened by the prospect, I feel nauseous at the
thought of the pain.  I don't know if I will be able to hold still and accept
the punishment.

Mistress Benny laughs and positions herself so that the stroke is possible.  I
hear the swish of the cane and feel the biting hot pain as it lands exactly in
my butt crack. I gasp out loud at the level of pain
	"Mistress Benny, please no more Mistress Benny" I manage to stammer
before the second blow lands on my inflamed asshole.  The bite of the cane is
even more severe this time and I squeeze my eyes and grit my teeth.  When I have
found the strength to cope with this blow, I try another plea
	"Mistress Green I beg you to stop.  My ass feels it is on fire, it is
burning so much I cannot take anymore, I beg you to stop Mistress Green"

I barely have time to stumble out these words when the third and final stroke
arrives on my anus.  The fire and bite of the cane is even worse than before and
I scream.  Through the haze of pain I wonder if I'll ever be able to use the
toilet again.

Mistress Green leaves me bent over with my ass in the air for a while, and it is
a relief for a slight breeze to cool my burning hot asshole.  It twitches
spastically as the pain changes from fire to ache.
	"The final requirement is to put the tail back in Dick" Mistress Green
informs me.  I have been holding the butt plug in my hand but I cannot conceive
of anyway of pushing it into my tortured asshole.  I reach round behind, and
merely touching my rear door with the plug is enough to send waves of pain
followed by nausea through my body.
	"Remember Dick" Mistress Green tells me, "that you can still be whipped
on the other thigh, or Mistress Benny could inflict more pain on your little
rose bud asshole!"

I know that she is not threatening me and that there is a real will behind the
promise of punishment.  I take the plunge and without thinking about it thrust
the butt plug back in my ass.  The plug seats itself home back in my abused anus
as I let out another scream of pain.  It is only afterwards that I consider how
foolish I have been.  There is only the slim hope of finding some way out of the
trumped up charges that have landed me in trouble that is keeping me here.  I
could easily resign this terrible situation and return to isolation in the
Federal establishment I was held.  I think that whenever it gets to the stage
that Mistress Green threatens to bind me before inflicting her indignities and
punishments, that will be the time to quit this debasing servitude.

***


I have finally been allowed to come, but the experience was not pleasant and the
memory of the pain makes me fear the process if it is ever repeated.  I continue
to endure this tortured captivity hoping that I will be able to extract myself
from the unjust situation that forced me into this.

The morning after the day of ass torture my anus ached a lot.  I thought I would
not be able to insert the butt plug tail that had become part of my uniform and
it was only with the application of a lot of soap and willpower I managed to
withstand the pain as it slipped home.  The overly tight collar and constraining
harness on my dick were nuisances I could ignore.

The day stared with an incredible tease that was to turn to my most humbling
indignity.  When I attended Mistress Green in the morning she was again curled
up with Mistress Benny.  I waited until they began to awaken.  This morning they
did not pay any attention to me, and when Mistress Green opened her eyes she
tenderly kissed Mistress Benny on the lips.  It was a fantastically erotic
experience and my cock was instantly aroused.

The show continued as they both became more involved, kissing deeply and
touching each other under the covers.  Then Mistress Benny sat up so the covers
fell away.  She was wearing a pale blue camisole top, and her tits were
beautifully outlined in the light.  The hard little nipples were dark and
shadowy through the material.  Mistress Green reached up a hand, first cupping
one breast gently, and then moving up to the shoulder to slip one side of the
camisole off.  Pulling it down she revealed Mistress Benny's breast in its
glory.  Her flesh was pale, and the dark nipple small and hard.  Mistress Green
sat forward and took the nipple in her mouth.  Mistress Benny purred and her
hand came up to caress the back of Mistress Green's head and neck. 

The clinch was finally broken as Mistress Green said
	"Perhaps later Benny."  She then deigned to notice me for the first time
and told me to crawl up to her pussy.  This was her command most mornings and I
knew that she wanted me to drink her pee.  The task was complicated this morning
because of the massive hard on I had sustained seeing the two women kiss. 
Mistress Green was also aroused because her cunt was so wet.  Probably because
of her early morning petting my Mistress Benny I thought.  Perhaps Mistress
Green was totally lesbian and I would never get a chance to fuck her body.  As I
drank Mistress Green's urine I felt Mistress Benny leave the bed.

My erection continued as I helped Mistress Green with her bath.  Seeing my dick
so excited caused her to comment
	"Today is the day we do something about your orgasm Dick," she promised,
making my heart pound and my cock to become even more erect.  I thought that
this was only another tease, but after breakfast, Mistress Green again repeated
the promise.  I was to wait in room 4 and make sure I was erect at all times!  I
could not believe my luck and hurried through the usual tiny breakfast I had
been given.  I was very early in room 4 and had a chance to examine the
furnishings.

Like a lot of the other impersonal rooms in the large mansion of Mistress Green,
this was decorated in a soft white scheme.  The most obvious feature was a large
rack against one wall, though it looked like the occupant was supposed to face
outwards, so there was no serious punishment involved.  The rest of the room had
various mysterious cupboards, and what looked like medical machines.  A large
fridge was standing in the corner.  The function of these things was going to be
explained, but when Mistress Green arrived the vague unease I experienced at
seeing the room disappeared.

Mistress Green and Mistress Benny literally bounded into the room, and they were
dressed in an appropriate manner.  Each was wearing a thin white cotton blouse,
a flared short skirt and white panties.  The skirts were so short I could see
this detail.  White knee length socks and flat soled black shoes.  A perfect
fantasy school uniform.  To complete the impression, their hair was tied into
two bunches at either side of their heads and they wore little make up.  Their
blouses were not simply tucked into the skirt, but tied tightly around their
midriffs showing their belly buttons and demonstrating their delicious breasts. 
Mistress Green was particularly buxom and had a wonderful cleavage.  Mistress
Benny was not so well endowed but the dark nipples on her tits showed through
the cotton very revealingly.

My cock, which was already hard, took on an almost rock like texture, or I would
like to think so. 
	"Well Dick, today you are going to orgasm!" I was told.  I think I could
probably have come there and then I was so aroused and it had been so long since
my furtive nighttime masturbation.
	"Let me explain the set up.  You are going to be secured to the
framework there.  That way you won't be able to use your hands, and I can do
much better anyway.  The main reason for allowing you to come today is to check
that you haven't been abusing yourself in private.  I know you were a little
naughty once and I caught you because of the mess you made of the sheets, but I
cannot watch you every second, and I have no doubt that you could sneak away for
some self gratification in private.  So your semen is going to be analysed after
you come, the sperm count gives a very accurate indication of the last time you
ejaculated."

Mistress Benny willingly led me to the framework where she buckled my wrists to
the upper part of the frame, and my ankles to the lower.  Mistress Benny then
removed the strap that imprisoned my cock and balls.  It was a nice change to
have them free and this encouraged my erection, I felt really turned on.  I was
exceptionally aware of the presence of Mistress Benny's hands during this
operation, and every accidental brush against my genitals made me tense with
pleasure.

	"The tail too Benny" Mistress Green commands and walks closer.  She is
standing very close to me now, running her fingers down my chest.  Mistress
Benny reaches behind me and slowly pulls out the butt plug.  The pain makes me
wince but I am so turned on it hardly registers. 
	"There is something else you need to know before coming," explains
Mistress Green.  I hope this exposition does not take too long as my balls
already ache from the anticipation of shooting their load.  Mistress Benny then
sticks little electrodes to my skin, over my chest and thighs, I am unsure of
what to make of this development.
	"I need to let you come to test your sperm for disobedience," continues
Mistress Green, "however, I do not think you should derive any enjoyment from
it.  I cannot think of anything you have done that might suggest you deserve
this pleasure."  I am only half paying attention to the lecture as I concentrate
more on the arousal I am feeling.
	"So when this machine has a sample you will be subjected to some intense
electric shocks." With this Mistress Benny shows me a complicated tube
arrangement with wires extending to one of the mysterious pieces of equipment. 
My mind is taking time to catch up with the situation.  I am still thinking that
it really does not matter what she does I am enjoying the fantasy of coming all
over her hands and face at the moment. 

I focus her words, replaying them in my mind as my erect cock enters the tube. 
Mistress Green tells me
	"As I promised, I can do much better and this will feel much nicer than
using your hands.  Though you will regret coming when the shocks start, try and
hold out as long as you can!"
	"Mistress Green..." I start to say, but Mistress Green is looking at
Mistress Benny,
	"The anus pearl as well" she says, and I feel Mistress Benny push
something small and round and hard into my back passage.
	"Mistress Green ... " I say again, trying to attract her attention. 
Mistress Benny has risen and is standing next to Mistress Green as finally she
looks at me.  She interrupts the thoughts I had been arranging as she
deliberately fondles Mistress Benny's tits through the material of the blouse. 
She tells me,
	"We are off to have the fuck of a lifetime while you submit to the
tender ministrations of the machine here, " she tells me.
	"Mistress Green, wait!" I say, panicked now. "I don't want to do this, I
don't want to be your slave anymore.  Take me back to the prison please." 
Mistress Green and Mistress Benny continue towards the door, only Mistress Benny
looks back at me with a very large smile.
	"I beg you, please, not this" I scream as they disappear.

I am a little feverish and sweaty now that I have a chance to focus how I am
tightly bound.  I realise that the tube has something inside to massage and suck
my cock.  I am scared of the pain that has been promised so my first thought is
to try and relax and lose the erection.  This proves to be impossible.  The
massaging and sucking action feel like the inside of a particularly skilful
cunt, one where the woman can control every muscle and squeeze and pull in
rhythm.  I let out a little moan of desire, but I don't want this even as my
cock responds to the stimulus.

The sucking and tightening continues and I feel my breath becoming shorter and
my body respond to the machine.  I am mad with rage not being able to control
myself and driving myself towards the pain.  I am torn between the feelings of
incipient pleasure and the dread of the accompanying torture.  I bite my lip as
hard as I can but the muscles of my torso are already bucking as the intense
pleasure of my penis is communicated to the rest of my body.  I do not give in
and fight the building waves of tension even as the remainder of my body glories
in the impending release.

Eventually even my mind relents and I can only feel the rapture of impending
orgasm, just a small part of my mentality is screaming no.  I enjoy the
squeezing and pulling as the machine expertly manipulates the nerve endings in
my dick.  I feel the orgasm build and then on a cusp of pleasure my semen is
ejaculated.  The long abstinence provokes a monster stream of come and it feels
like I have produced a pint.  I feel my abdomen tighten several times and as the
come is spurted into the machine.

As my breath slows I am immediately fearful, but it seems like the machine is
not working.  Even as I grasp at this slim hope there is a very audible click
and a humming.  Even though I brace myself nothing can help in the searing agony
that fills my mind, distantly rooted at the base of my cock.  Totally
involuntarily I scream as loud as I can, emptying my lungs twisting my throat
back.  The pain lasts a second that is an eternity and then disappears as if it
had never existed.

There is a pause of several seconds, then the familiar click and buzz.  Again my
body is rigid with pain as my mind blanks to an animal level requiring immediate
escape.  The pain stops but I am helpless.  Another click and buzz and again I
am lost to senselessness.  The brief intervals between jolts allow me a few
thoughts.  I notice that the electrodes are being activated in turn, after the
initial shock to my genitals the others slowly work there way round my body. 
All I have is the current I cannot consider the future and when this will end.

The metal bead in my ass is one of the last places to be shocked.  I am out of
breath, nearly asphyxiated from screaming and my throat is hoarse.  My screams
are now little more than gurgles though the pain is as intense as ever.  There
is a longer pause and I dare to hope the torture is over when the click and buzz
announces that again I leave conscious thought behind as my mind concentrates on
the pain from my cock and balls.  This does prove to be the final episode,
though clicks from the machine continue to cause me to start and whimper.

I regain my breath.  My throat feels the most after effect, as it is raw.  The
pain is a hot memory; thought cannot summon the shear quality, but stimulates
deep terror.  I slump in the restraints, uncomfortable but too exhausted to
stand straight.

Time passes.  Seconds drag to minutes.  Minutes drag to hours, or so it feels. 
To start with I exalt in the absence of pain.  Then I become bored.  I have been
left alone and my imagination starts to work on what could be happening.  I
remember Mistress Green and Mistress Benny as I had seen them dressed as young
nymphets.  I imagine one undressing the other and then vice-versa, both of their
desirable female bodies naked, then romping together.  Which one of them went
down on the other first?  Did they lick each other's assholes too?  I speculated
on the various erotic couplings.

My cock started to stir again, and I smiled, indulgent after its recent
activities.  My eyes closed and I enjoyed the picture of Mistress Green being
spanked by Mistress Benny and then Mistress Benny being whipped by Mistress
Green while she peed.  My thoughts were sharply brought back to my predicament
when the machine clicked again.  Surely it had is sample now, what was the click
for?

Then I felt the same sublime massage on my cock, the same squeezing and pulling.
I frantically tried to think of anything to avoid an erection.  I tried to
concentrate on the pain, but it had been so intense that it seemed unreal. 
Without wanting it I felt my cock again reach maximum tumescence.  I tried
everything to stop the building pleasure, but as before nothing worked.

When I was close to orgasm and forced to give my mind to the coming pleasure I
clung to the hope that now it had the sample there would not be any electrical
stimulus.  I was wrong.  Now it had the sample the shocks started immediately I
came and semen entered the tube.  Now I felt the strange sensation as my body
orgasmed at the same time as my senses were filled with pain.  The machine
performed exactly before and the different jolts lost none of their potency the
second time round.  I was so overcome that I only managed a few screams before
my only response was a rigid and paralysed body.

When the torture finally released me I slumped in my bonds, physically and
mentally stretched past my endurance.  I must have slept.  A sound penetrated
the fringes of a delightful dream; memories of flowers and woodland open skies
were brushed away as my brain struggled to integrate a harsh metallic click into
the scenario.  Like a bucket of ice had been poured over me I was instantly
awake.

Again my body had betrayed me and I felt an erection.  An erection that also
registered in the unthinking mechanism attached to my cock.  I felt the same
massaging and contractions that so stimulated my male member that there was
nothing I could do to stop it.  Even as I delighted in the sensation I openly
wept and implored an uncaring universe
	"Stop please stop I cannot take anymore".  I do not know who I addressed
this prayer to, and it had no effect.  My body heaved as it orgasmed, a dribble
of come spurting from my cock to initiate the electric shocks.  With no reserves
of energy I merely stood still, cramping my muscles as the various waves of pain
coursed through my body.

I do not know how long I passively slumped in the bonds until Mistress Green and
Mistress Benny came to release me.  I fell to my knees from fatigue rather than
obedience.  The next hours passed in a haze as I mindlessly obeyed the orders. 
At one point I was spanked, but I felt so detached that it caused no feeling,
and it seemed like someone else was thanking Mistress Green for the punishment.

It was only after my supper that I began to become aware of my surroundings
again.  The supper was very small, half a glass of milk and dry toast.  Usually
there was at least butter applied to the toast but tonight Mistress Benny told
me
	"Well, it looks like you were a good boy Dick, the sperm count shows you
hadn't been beating your meat without orders.  So Mistress Green has a treat for
you."  She takes a pot from the fridge and empties the contents over the toast. 
A thick cloudy white liquid.  I realise with horror that this must be the sperm
sample, my ejaculate from the afternoon.  I gag.
	"Now eat it up Dick, " Mistress Benny reproves me.  I struggle to bite
the dry toast.  The come covering the toast is cold and salty.  I almost vomit
over the table but manage to automatically chew and swallow.

The meagre meal gives me strength and instead of sleeping I demand to see
Mistress Green.  I debate whether I should kneel or stand, but in the end habit
makes me kneel at her feet.  Suddenly I am unsure but manage to voice my
complaint through incipient tears.
	"Mistress Green I have had enough.  I demand that you take me back to
the Federal facility.  I hate being your sex slave.  You don't want a sex slave,
you want a whipping boy.  There has been no sex just a round of indignities and
punishments."
	"Mistress Green" I add, the habit ingrained.
She idly dismisses me.
	"OK, Dick we'll talk in the morning".




------------------------------------------------------------
Captive Hacker {bdsmlibrary}
------------------------------------------------------------
If you enjoyed this story and would like to comment then please write to:
	CaptiveHacker *AT* yahoo *POINT* com *POINT* br
I really would like to hear from you.

Dedicated to "J"

-------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter 4 {FdomTdomM M+M ds bd nc tort tv rape rim sad}
-------------------------------------------------------------

It has been some time since I have updated this journal and I am struggling to
find the courage to do so now.  Many things have happened, the least of which is
my slide into depression and despair.  Even as it hurts me physically I am going
to detail the events of the last few days to try and relieve the mental torment.

I had decided that the pretence of being the sex slave of Mistress Green was
unsupportable and being tortured when I was eventually allowed to ejaculate was
the final straw.  I resolved to return to the Federal institution where I was
unfairly imprisoned, because even the isolation there was better than the bodily
torments I suffered in this place. 

Mistress Green had told me we would talk about the situation, though I was only
going to re-iterate my point of view.  Even so, I found myself attending her,
kneeling by her bed for when she awoke.  The electric shocks I had received the
previous day had not affected my libido, and while orally servicing her while
she was lying in bed I became very aroused.

She than sat on the edge of the bed and pressed my face into her pussy as I
drank her urine.  The flow stopped, but she continued to hold me in this erotic
but undignified position.  Then she told me why.
	"I need a dump Dick, put your hands out".
I had performed this service previously, but it still revolted me as she sat
forward so her anus was clear of the bed.  I reached out my hands, not really
being able to see what I was doing, and rather glad of the fact.  I felt the
warm faecal matter drop onto my hands, finishing with a brief spurt of her piss
that I swallowed.

She released my head, but then turned round so her bottom was pointed towards
me.
	"Lick me clean" she commanded.  I was horrified; usually I at least had
the chance of cleaning her with paper before tonguing her anal rose bud.  The
thought of tonguing her dirty asshole filled me with revulsion, but I obeyed and
leaning forward started to tongue her clean. I tried to minimise the
unpleasantness by using a lot of spit, but she complained about this and I had
to lick it off her, my spit mixed with her excrement.  The next task was to
dispose of the turds I was carrying and run her a bath.

Only after her breakfast, but before mine, was she amenable to talking about
returning me to the Federal institution she had rescued me from.  I immediately
started by arguing
	"Mistress Green, I want to go back because I am not enjoying being your
sex slave.  I am punished severely when I come and there is no sex involved at
all.  Mistress Green"
	"But Dick, there is plenty of sex, I enjoyed the way you ate my pussy
this morning it was delightful"
	"Mistress Green, but it wasn't sex, it was me pleasing you, I haven't
had sex Mistress Green"
	"So you are saying you don't want to eat my pussy and please me?" she
asked.  I felt myself losing control of the situation.
	"Mistress Green, no, its not that, its ...  Look I enjoy pleasing you,
but it is not doing anything for me"
	"But we do lots of things for you.  The obvious ones like food on your
plate and a warm shower and bed.  Not to mention the stimulating company."

Before I could again protest, she held up her hand
	"Yes, I know I punish you, but that is the correct way to show you that
you did something wrong.  Did you learn from the punishments?"
	"Mistress Green, well, yes, but..." again I was cut-off.
	"So there you are, by your own admission you know it is the right thing
to do and agree to the punishment.  I know that yesterday was painful but then
you did that yourself, didn't you?  You only needed to come once and you decided
to 3 times!"
	"Mistress Green, you are right, but " I am very confused.  I don't know
what to say. I try to gather my thoughts while she continues.
	"So really the extreme pain you suffered yesterday was down to you too,
so the only actual complaint you have is that you haven't had enough sex?!  Am I
right?"

I am so perplexed now by her convoluted arguments and twisted logic, that I have
to think about it, but her attitude demands an answer.  I agree reluctantly.
	"Mistress Green, I guess so, Mistress Green" still trying to organise my
arguments into a coherent picture.
	"Ok then," she says, "Benny is going to fuck you like you have never
been fucked before!  Right Benny?"  I look around to see Mistress Benny standing
near the door, she must have entered quietly.
	"Mistress, oh yes, I'll enjoy Dick a lot Mistress.  He'll be fucked raw
when I have finished with him Mistress!"
	"To room 2 then Dick, and get ready to be fucked."  I don't know what to
say because it seems all my arguments fell on deaf ears.  I still wanted to
return to the prison to avoid the pain I was suffering here, but the prospect of
fucking Mistress Benny was tempting.  She had a very trim neat figure.  Not
large tits, but neatly formed, and a very cute ass.

When we all entered room 2, me crawling along behind Mistress Green, Mistress
Benny immediately started opening the cuffs of the restraints on a framework at
the end of the room.
	"Mistress Green, I'm not getting in that Mistress Green, Not after
yesterday!"
	"Really Dick?!" She asks, "OK then but Benny won't fuck you when your
hands are free."  Mistress Benny looks at me and our eyes meet.  She puts on a
purposely disappointed looking expression, pouting her lower lip at me, and then
licking her lips.  She was hot, and I was ready.  What could be the harm in it I
felt?

I let myself be strapped onto the framework, wrists as well as ankles.  Mistress
Benny immediately started undressing me, removing the cock and ball restraint
and leaving me in nothing but stockings and high heels.  She even removed the
broad leather collar I had been wearing which was a great relief, it had not
been removed before.  I was really looking forward to this; my dick was already
stirring as she fussed around me.

Then Mistress Benny stood back as I looked on.  Mistress Green was also enjoying
the show, and her lips were moist as she licked them, it looked as though she
was getting ready to play with herself.  Great I thought, if she gets turned on
maybe I could fuck her too!

Mistress Benny first unbuttoned her blouse ever so slowly, watching me watch her
every move.  She was wearing a white bra, and when the blouse was open at the
front she reached up to pop the strap open.  But teasingly she kept one hand
over the front of her breasts so it did not fall off.  She then turned her back
on me and removed the blouse and undergarment.  Her back went from broad
shoulders to narrow waist and was smooth and slightly tanned.  She turned back
to face me, her hands now cupping bare breasts.  Without me seeing them she
squeezed them and rubbed them until she decided to take her hands away.

I had seen her tits before with their dark nipples, but this strip had really
turned me on.   She turned her back to me again, and reached up under her skirt
to pull her panties down.  They were black and she looked over her shoulder at
me coquettishly as she twirled them on her finger before throwing them towards
Mistress Green.  Looking away again, he hands went to the back fastening of her
skirt, and pulled the zip down.  This revealed just the tops of her buttocks and
the beginning of her ass crack.  The fingers then worked at the button above
until it opened.  She dropped the skirt to the floor and I could she her
magnificent bum.  It was perfectly proportioned and heart shaped.  She was still
wearing stockings and a suspender belt, and the black contrast of these against
her fair skin highlighted the pertness of her buttocks.

She slowly turned around.  At first I could not understand what I was seeing,
and then the shock hit me.
	"She's got a dick!"  I exclaim. Stating what was abundantly obvious.  At
this point Mistress Green and Mistress Benny succumb to helpless laughter.  It
was also a dick of an amazing size!  I could not imagine how I had not seen the
bulge in her skirt before; she was hung like a horse.  {I will keep referring to
Mistress Benny in the female sense as commanded later by Mistress Green.}

She sashayed towards me.  My gaze was fixated on her penis.  As she watched me
she mocked me.
	"Like it Dick?" as her fingers ran up and down the shaft.  She was
becoming erect as she fondled herself.
My initial shock started to turn to disgust and rage. 
	"Mistress Green, there is no way I am fucking Mistress Benny, if
Mistress is the right word for this pervert, Mistress Green" I say with disdain.
	"Now Dick" I am shocked" she says in a similar mocking tone to Mistress
Benny's.  "You must always be polite to Mistress Benny, even with her ...
equipment.  Benny is a pre-op transsexual but that is slightly misleading
because neither of us are interested in removing such a useful and large tool."

Mistress Benny came closer still and then her engorged penis met my crotch.  I
had already started to lose my erection and now it completely disappeared.  I
recoiled from the touch but Mistress Benny came and draped herself over me, her
hard on rubbing my crotch.  Even though I strained at the restraints I could not
escape.  Mistress Green continued
	"Really Dick.  It now looks like you don't want Mistress Benny to fuck
you at all after all the drama earlier."
	"Mistress Green, no not at all.  Mistress Green, I want to leave here
right now Mistress Green!"

Mistress Green settled back and became serious.  As she spoke I only had half an
ear on what she was saying until the full import hit me.  Mostly I was trying to
avoid Mistress Benny's touch, which was futile.  She pushed her hard cock into
my crotch, using it to play with mine.  Then her hands started too, rubbing her
own erection and playing with my limp member.  Mistress Green explained the
situation.
	"It is true I could return you to rot away in your featureless call for
the rest of your life, but it is a mistake to think that the choice is yours. 
It is mine, and since I have found you amenable so far then I am going to
continue training you.  Is that clear?"  I only latch on to the sense of the
sentence as she finishes.  I catch myself nodding, still distracted by the large
cock rubbing against me to my revulsion.
	"Mistress Green.  Yes Mistress Green."  As I mentally replay what she
has said, I suddenly protest,
	"Mistress Green, no, I don't want to be your slave, take me back.  Now! 
Mistress Green."

With that statement Mistress Green jumps up and coming swiftly towards me slaps
me hard across the face, once, twice.  I am shocked and immediately stop my
protestations.  Her voice becomes hard and nasty.
	"That Dick is the last outburst from you, I grow tired of being
reasonable.  Shut up and listen."  My ears burn with embarrassment and I forget
about the penis that is molesting me.
	"Your training so far has been adequate.  You preferred to serve me than
the alternative, which is good.  You actually performed reasonably!  By your own
choice you have submitted to minor punishments and some small anal penetration." 
I blanch at the 'small anal penetration'.  If what I have experienced is small,
what had she in mind for 'large'?
	"You have made good progress as my toilet slave, drinking my pee and
licking my excrement.  Massaging, my sexual satisfaction and so on has been
fair."

Mistress Green explains the next stage of my training as follows.
	"So far have you managed by your own will, but I now need to enhance
that.  Your performance has been OK, but I am going to expect a lot more energy,
a lot more zest as you go about your duties.  When you are tonguing my anus it
must be enthusiastic, it must feel like you want to extend your tongue into my
anus and lick all you find there.  When you are begging for punishment or
thanking me for it I want to feel the depth of the emotion.
	"How is this to be achieved?  Fear.  Fear on your part of the immense
pain I can inflict on you when I want.  Fear so intense that you will gladly
submit to something as minor as a beating because the alternative is much
worse."

With those words she goes and finds a silver object and asks Mistress Benny to
clean it for her, and then continues.
	"Room 2 here is the extreme pain room.  Its purpose is to provide the
instruments to inflict extreme pain.  Hopefully you will never ever have to
visit here again, because the only reason to be here is to hurt you badly.  But
to mark the passage from self motivation to external threat I must hurt you,
hurt you so much you fear to visit here again.
	"This little gadget is to remind you of this lesson"

Te object she held up was either silver or chrome plated, very bright and shiny. 
It was shaped in a figure eight, hinged on one side.  Other much smaller rings
adorned the edges.  Mistress Green carried on the describing the thing.
	"You will notice the clasp at the bottom.  It is designed so that when
it is closed it is impossible to open.  And you can see that the middle arm is
designed to pierce and join together too.  The purpose of this restraint is to
hold your cock and balls in a suitable position, replacing the temporary
restraint you are wearing now."

By now Mistress Green had come close enough for me to see the contrivance.  I
was a little puzzled, and without really thinking of it voiced the question that
frightened me in the possible answer.
	"Mistress Green, but the hole is awfully small and why are there two
loops Mistress Green." Dreading the answer that I could see coming.

	"Quite right Dick" she replies.  "Obviously the top loop encompasses
your dick and the bottom loop your balls.  The middle arm will pierce your
scrotum between them.  As you can see, it is vaguely pointed, though it might be
better to describe it as a punch to penetrate that sensitive area."  As she said
this she smiled at me coldly.  "Don't worry, Mistress Benny is very skilled,
there is a good chance she won't puncture anything vital!"

	I cried out in despair.  Panicking, tearfully, more scared than I had
ever felt in my life.
	"Mistress Green, no. Please Mistress; there is no need for that.  I will
gladly act as your slave and toy; I will do anything you ask of me if you don't
attach that to my balls. Mistress Green."  She handed the polished metal back to
Mistress Benny and went to sit on the stool.  She regarded me coolly, and
ignored my protestations.
	"Mistress Green.  Really I mean it; I will do anything you want me to. 
Please." I beg her, literally crying now, feeling a tight pressure in my chest
from anxiety.  "I will satisfy you in anyway you desire without thought of my
own pleasures, I will crawl at you feet, drink your pee and gladly consume your
excrement.  Anything Mistress.  I beg you most humbly Mistress."

It is fruitless.  Mistress Benny reaches out and pulls my limp member as out
from my body.  I am so scared my penis has shrunk to the size of a ten year old. 
Mistress Benny is really turned on, and as she pulls my dick, uses her the other
hand to masturbate her great cock, rubbing it up and down and down my inner
thigh.  Displacing the disgust I feel earlier I seize on a new idea
	"Mistress Green, I can do it, I would love to fuck Mistress Benny please
Mistress.  I'd love to suck her mighty cock.  She could use my ass as much as
she likes." I plead.  "Anything." I squeal as Mistress Benny stops rubbing her
cock and places the cold metal hinge up over the shaft of my limp member. 
"I'll..." I try to desperately think of anything that might satisfy this demon
Mistress.  "I'll even swallow her come!" I manage as I feel the metal arms press
against the sides of my ball sack.

I don't know what else to say as I feel Mistress Benny manipulating my balls,
forcing the blood vessels and other anatomical tubing out of the path of the
punch ends.
	"Please Mistress.  Have mercy." I cry as I watch the cool detached woman
who is intending to inflict so much pain.  I am now crying freely, and my breath
comes in sobs as my mind shuts down to the impending torture.

Mistress Green speaks and I feel an immediate surge of hope.
	"Yes Dick.  Hold on Benny" she says.  Mistress Benny looks at Mistress
Green in surprise.  I immediately grasp this opening.
	"Mistress Green, I will Mistress.  I will.  I'll do anything for
Mistress Benny.  I'll suck her cock and drink her come.  She can use my ass as
much as she likes.  I'll do anything for you Mistress."  I explain triumphantly,
relieved and astounded that I know I mean it, that I would do anything to please
her and avoid the pain she was going to inflict.

Mistress Green comes close to Mistress Benny, and takes the clamp in her hands. 
She smiles at me and I smile back.  Relieved that I am going to be spared the
torment promised.  That relief is as short lived as the second it takes to
imagine.  Still smiling, Mistress Green closes the figure eight, the first click
indicating it is fixed in position round my balls, the arms in the middle now
tightly clamping my scrotum.  Mistress Green addresses me.
	"I know you will Dick.  But you are going to be so much more
enthusiastic and obliging once you know how painful I can make your existence."

Stepping back she releases the restraint to Mistress Benny.
	"Close it Benny" Mistress Green commands as she resumes her position
watching the proceedings. "Slowly."
	Immediately I feel the pressure on my all sack increase.  I start
gasping out any wild promises I can think of, anything to prevent the mounting
pressure.
	"Mistress Green, no, I swear I'll do anything you want me to. 
Willingly, anything, God as my witness, forever I'll serve as your sex toy,
toilet, anything..."

The pressure is becoming too much and I start screaming from the pain.  I cannot
describe the white-hot agony as the two parts press against my flesh, crushing
and cutting through the skin.  Unbelievably the pain mounts each fraction of a
second as the jaws close.  The pain is so intense I feel detached from my body,
just swimming in the waves of agony from my crotch.  The type of pain changes as
the jaws are gripping so tightly they start to cut a hole through. 

I think I hear, or maybe I imagine I hear the jaws of the restraint closing, but
at that moment it becomes too much as I pass out from the pain.


I regained consciousness much later in the middle of the night.  I had a vague
recollection of stumbling, supported, back to my bed where I curled foetally
round the agony of my pierced ball sack.  As I felt the fire in my crotch I
moaned, but found the pain bearable.  Movement still made me wince, but my
training at least enabled me to continue to recuperate.  I very carefully sat up
and considered my position.  There was a blood on the sheets, but the wound had
lightly scabbed over and did not appear to be bleeding, the design of the clamp
pinching the skin around the physical tear which only allowed a small amount of
blood to escape.

I realised and knew immediately what I had to do.  It was pointless to wait any
longer and submit to any more indignities and cruel punishments, I had to
escape, run, walk, whatever to the nearest town.  I had to find a phone and call
my family and friends and explain the situation.  Nothing that happened to me
made any sense, it is a nightmare from which I resolved to escape, whatever I
had to do.

My first problem was clothes, and rather than risk fumbling around the house
looking for something more appropriate I chose to wear the stockings and
suspenders that I was usually made to wear.  I knew that the drawers of the
chest in my room contained a short black maid's skirt, and a tight, thin cotton
blouse, and these would have to do.  The only shoes I had were the high heels. 
I thought of the shame of having to wear these in public, but anything was
better than nothing so I carefully clothed myself.  The lack of panties and the
openness of the skirt was actually a blessing since there was nothing to press
against my painful scrotum.

Tip-toeing through the house as silently as possible I let myself out of the
house, and heart leaping at the freedom started to scuttle along the drive way. 
The pain prevented me from running, but I found I could walk rapidly, carefully
keeping my thighs from pressing my crotch. 

The pebbled driveway gave way to a narrow country road.  Metalled, but unmarked. 
The air was clean and clear, and the moon cast a bright light over my footsteps. 
The night air was cold and I was soon shivering from nervousness and the
temperature, hugging myself with my arms.  I was nervous because there were no
obvious signs of approaching civilisation, just the road that continued between
high hedges, broken infrequently by typical farm gates that led on to mysterious
ploughed farmland.

I carried on walking, trying to maintain the pace.  My feet started to hurt from
the exercise wearing the heels.  Lack of nutrition and loss of blood started to
make me feel giddy.  Still I persevered; thinking ahead there would be a town,
lights, warmth and a phone.  Then the unexpected happened.  From behind me,
distant but growing louder, I heard the distinctive sound of a car engine.  I
did not know what to do.  The hedge on either side was too tall to jump and
hide, my best hope was a gate so I started running as fast as the heels and the
pain allowed me. 

It was not to be, and I saw the lights of the car play erratically across the
road surface, as all too soon it started to come closer.  My immediate fear was
that it was Mistress Green coming after me, and this had me running as fast as I
could, teeth clenched in agony, nearly screaming with the pain.  By then the car
had me fully in its headlight and there was no way I could hope to evade the
observation of the occupants.  I resignedly fell to a limping walk, shoulders
drooping in despair.

My heart leapt again, and then steadied in caution as the car drove past.  I
expected and hoped it would just keep going, but became nervous as it stopped
several hundred yards in front.  Clearly it was not Mistress Green but I was
reticent to approach too closely.  As I neared the car I saw with horror that it
was a patrol of the local law enforcement.  Almost as bad as if it had been
Mistress Green herself.  I did not recognise the name of the town but I would
have liked to avoid entanglements with any members of any government agency. 
They were the ones who had imprisoned me, and convicted me of unspecified
offences that had landed me in this situation.

My walk became slower and slower as I got closer to the car but it had obviously
stopped waiting for me, so I had to walk past, apprehensively not knowing what
to expect.  I had walked right pass the car when the officer wound-down a window
and said something like
	"Are you alright ma'am? Walking alone on these narrow lanes late at
night could be risky." He sounded young and reasonable.  I knew I couldn't just
ignore him and had to answer.  I stumbled out a brief
	"I'm fine".

Hearing my voice obviously surprised him.
	"Sir?  Would you care for a ride into town?" he asked, sounding a little
confused, and worryingly interested. I had no idea where I was or where I was
going to I decided it could be worth the risk, and accepted the lift,
explaining,
	"I was on my way back from a fancy-dress party.  Yes, a lift would be
great."  Seeing the guy for the first time he did not question my explanation,
merely lifting an eyebrow at the story.

I got into the front seat of the car, very carefully pulling the skirt as far
down over my knees as I could manage.  Not knowing if it was better to keep
quiet or continue with the conversation.  The officer was happy to drive, and
watch the road without looking at me, and I was content to let him.  In the car
it only took minutes to reach the pool of light of a small sleepy town and I was
glad that I did not have to travel the distance on foot.  The officer did not
ask me where I wanted to go, and the first I realised we had arrived at his
destination was when we pulled into the rear of a square station office.  The
gate had opened and closed automatically behind the car so I realised I was
going to have to accompany the officer into the station before reaching the
street and freedom outside. 

Leading the way in, the officer held the door open for me and then followed
behind.  The place seemed deserted, but I saw one or two shadows in a few
isolated, lit offices.  I did not know where I was going, but thought that if I
just kept walking the exit would become obvious, however the officer scuttled
ahead, and opened a particular door.
	"Come in here and have a cup of tea", he said.  I was very reluctant to
do so, and only stood in the door,
	"I really have to get home" I said, "it is late enough, if you can just
show me out, I'd appreciate it."
	"Nonsense" the officer said, pushing me gently into the room, "sit down
for a second." I'll be back with some a cup of coffee." 
	
With that he closed the door behind me, forcing me fully into the room.  I was
now extremely scared.  Had they recognised me?  I did not believe that the
government would circulate the description of every convicted offender around
the area, especially as I had been framed on some unknown unspecific charge. I
thought that I would wait just a minute and then slip out of the building
unnoticed.  Alas I had no opportunity because the officer returned quickly with
the coffee.  He brought it black, no sugar, no milk, but even so I had not
tasted anything so fine in a long while, and the warmth soothed and calmed me.

The illusion of peace was shattered however when he sat opposite me and taking a
notepad and pen, asked me,
	"Well then, Sir, I am sure you wouldn't mind giving me a few details,
like your name, and where you are headed?"  He looked at me expectantly.  I
licked my dry lips.
	"My name is Dick", I began before correcting myself, so ingrained was
the habit of answering by that humiliating label. 
	"That is my name is Richard Simons", I stumbled on, quickly replying
with a fictitious name. 
	"I am only trying to get home from a party."

The officer was looking at me closely, but seemed satisfied, making some notes
on the pad.
	"And where is that, " he paused, "sir?"  I did not know where I was. 
	"I actually come from a way away." I tell him, "but I am staying in the
town with a friend.  Just along the main street, above the cafe".  I tried to
sound confident and consistent, knowing this was a bare faced lie.  Again the
officer didn't say anything, but made some notes on the paper.

	"Please sit there sir, I won't be long" he said.  I immediately
protested. 
	"But I really need to get home while it is not too late, you're not
holding me for anything are you?" I queried. He stood up,
	"Just wait one moment and we'll sort this out".  I also jumped up, far
too quickly, because the pain in my crotch stabbed at my abdomen so I winced.
	"Now wait a moment yourself" I said, "you can't just keep me here!"

I had walked around the table to confront the officer, but he noticed something.
Looking at the floor he asked me,
	"Is that blood sir?  Why are you bleeding? Can you explain that?" 
Horrified I looked at the floor and realised that my scrotum was obviously
bleeding again, and there was a distinct trail of blood spots on the floor.  I
did not know what to say and feebly replied
	"Oh, its nothing, not important, it always happens when I am stressed."
He was obviously not impressed by the excuse and told me
	"I am fetching the surgeon while you stay here.  Do you understand?"
I nodded dumbly.  Hoping that when he left I would still be able to slip out. 
My hopes were dashed when I heard the murmur of several voices outside as the
officer went out.  I guessed there were more people in the hallway outside.

My heart was beating frantically as I tied to decide what to do, and came to the
conclusion that the best idea was to just brazen it out.  After all there was
nothing they could hold me for was there?  All too quickly the officer again
entered the room, this time accompanied by an attractive oriental looking woman,
wearing a very smart uniform, her hair tied up severely behind her.
	"What seems to be the problem? " she enquires to both the officer and
myself.  I again stumble out a "oh its nothing" but she looks at me severely.
	"He is bleeding somewhere" the officer informs her in a helpful tone. 
With that we all solemnly examine the sports on the floor.

The medical woman just looks at me and gives me a questioning look.
	"Its rather embarrassing I say", and she smiles and tells me,
	"Well I am a qualified nurse, so you don't have to be shy.  I have seen
everything in the few years I have been working here"
Slightly reassured, but still uncomfortable, I turn my back on the officer so
that only the nurse can see as I raise the skirt.  The impaled scrotum and the
gadget doing the impaling are obvious, as is the blood that has started to dry
again.

The nurse gasps, raising her hand to her face, covering her astonishment, though
I am slight annoyed to see that she is nearly smiling.
	"Good god" she says, reaching for my member.  I step back protesting,
"Please, it still hurts an awful lot."
She glances at me and then tells the officer
	"You have to come and see this".  I protest and drop the skirt, only to
have the nurse immediately grip it and raise it again as the officer comes round
to look.

I am very shy about this, but cannot think of an easy way of snatching the skirt
from the nurses' grip and hiding my genitals again.
	"I think you are going to have to tell me the whole story he tells me
looking me in the eye.  Not knowing if it is a great idea I commence to tell an
abbreviated history of my captivity with Mistress Green.  Skipping a lot of the
sordid details, carefully explaining any physical abuses, the whipping etc.,.
And very deliberately leaving out how I came to serve her in the first place.

A little way into the narrative the nurse told me that there was nothing she
could do, but not to worry it was healing nicely.  I was not totally assured by
this statement but carried on telling the other officer the details.  I started
by sitting down, but was continuously interrupted by the nurse bringing another
colleague to look at my pierced ball sack. To start with I protested that it was
undignified that everybody should see my infliction, but she insisted it was
necessary,
	"For the case".

By then I was standing facing away from the door, surrounded by a group of guys,
and the nurse as I held my skirt up, and they each carefully regarded the
humiliating device attached to my organ.  As the tale approached the end where I
was picked up on the lane, I was at least hopeful that I would get away from
here and back to my normal life, though maybe as an outlaw, when I hard
something to cause my heart to drop into the deepest pit of despair.

A slow clapping came from the door, as I looked around I saw Mistress Green and
Mistress Benny, smartly addressed, standing there.
	"A beautiful story Dick I am surprised you had the imagination for such
a delightful tale."
My face burned with shame, and I blurted out. 
	"That's her, that 's the bitch that has done this to me.  And the
pervert that helped her, arrest them now.  Go on!" I was nearly shouting
pointing an accusing finger at the woman who was my nemesis.

Strangely the officers just stood around looking amused, and then Mistress Green
walked over to the officer who had picked me up, and told him
	"You did well to inform me Jake" Jake obviously being the officers name.
"I will take the slut home with me now, after you've had a little fun as a
reward for your inconvenience".
	"You can't do this," I stutter out. "This woman has used and abused me
while pretending to be my lawyer, my counsel. You must arrest her don't you all
understand?"
I felt an inescapable foreboding as they merely watched, amused at the scene. 

Mistress Green walked over to where I stood, and I noted, inconsequentially
that, even in heels she was about the same height as me.  She smiled sweetly,
and said
	"You are only making things harder on your self, Dick" the rest of her
words were lost as she reached up and savagely pulled the metal constraint
securing my cock and balls.  The pain drove all thought from my mind as I fell
to the floor screaming.  The pain seemed as intense as when it had first invaded
my scrotum, but this time it must have been less because I did not pass out.
"And so" she said, as my screams died to sobs, what are we going to do with you
now Dick?"

I curled on the floor sobbing, knowing that the nightmare had become worse.  I
bitterly knew it was a rhetorical question, and was not surprised when Mistress
Green continued.
	"Since all this silliness started because you refused Benny's
magnificent tool when you so wanted to be fucked, then that I think is a great
place to give recompense don't you think?  In fact, I think all the gentlemen
here would be interested in your sweet tight virgin ass?"  I continued to ignore
my surroundings until Mistress Green, stood and said menacingly
	"On your knees Dick", tell me what you are going to do"

Quickly I scrambled to my knees, and stammered out
	"I am going to let Mistress Benny and the other men have my ass
Mistress," I quietly say.
Mistress Green sounds amused, and asks
	"Just have your ass dick?  I think you are going to enthusiastically
suck them and let them fuck your ass deeply and widely isn't that it Dick"
	"Mistress, yes Mistress" I know this is not enough, and trying to
swallow my bile at the thought of what I was saying
	"Mistress I am going to suck their cocks, and then beg them to fuck my
tight little virgin ass, Mistress"
	"Exactly Dick" she tells me, "So lets get started, I think you should
start on Benny. Crawl over there and show us what a fine performer of fellatio
you are Dick"

With a heavy heart I obey, crawling towards the beautiful transsexual.  Noticing
the fine shaped legs in dark nylons, and surprisingly small feet.  Mistress
Benny just stood there as I pushed my head under her knee length skirt.  I could
not see anything, but sensed the manhood, in her brief pants.  Reluctantly, I
reached up and carefully dragged the pants down over her hips, releasing her
penis {a strange expression, but one I have had to become accustomed to in
dealing with Mistress Benny} so the hot semi erect member bounced on my face,
causing me to recoil.
Mistress Benny ordered me,
	"No hands Dick, just your mouth".  Knowing I was going to have to do
this I wet my lips and placed them around the end of the fat cock I could not
see, but feel by its heat.  The act was simple, but the feeling was immensely
shameful, I had never considered myself gay, or attracted to men, and in honesty
thought that the male sex organ an ugly thing.

Nearly gagging with the thought I started to suck, trying to remember how I had
performed fellatio on the toys Mistress Green had given me.  The hot meat in my
mouth felt strange, in shape and texture.  Trying very hard to keep my teeth
away from the delicate shaft, allowing my tongue to hold the hardening member. 
My mouth was wet and I found it easy to suck the penis deep inside before
pulling away on the shaft.  Once fully into giving Mistress Benny oral sex, she
lifter her skirt so all the other people in the room could enjoy the humiliating
spectacle.

I must have been doing something right because Mistress Benny started to buck
her hips and force more of her dick into my mouth.  I could not resist as she
held my head and thrust in hard, almost making me gag as I fought to stop her
choking me.  She seemed to enjoy the struggle because now the dick was fully
hard, engorged and firm, pushing against the roof and back of my mouth and I
started to panic at the sensation and lack of air.

After a while she slowed and stopped, but my brief reprieve was short as I
realised that she was going to violate my rear hole.  I saw the waiting officers
grinning and laughing, and my face burned red, but I knew I could not resist as
Mistress Green bade me bend over and hold my knees.  My ass hole puckered tight
and again I felt the revulsion at what was going to happen.  Mistress Benny made
it worse; prolonging the moment as I felt the tip of her cock, touch my virgin
ass.  Just rubbing up and down to start, not trying to force its way in but
increasing the tension as it rubbed the cooling saliva over my anus.  Finally
she stopped moving about and held on to my hips.  I bit my lip, and blinked hot
ashamed tears as I felt the pressure of her cock on my ass build.

There was nothing I could do against the mounting pressure, and soon I feel it
force itself inside of me, pushing deeply into my anal tract.  Violating my anus
as Mistress Green had done previously.  I started to dryly retch, and mistress
Green ordered me to show my enjoyment

This was worse as I had to stammer out imprecations
	"Mistress Benny, that feels so good Mistress.  I love the feeling of
your large hot cock in my arse. Mistress " I was now crying openly at the shame
which increased the enjoyment of the spectators.

I felt distant and detached, more aware in the pain in my cock, than the
splitting of my ass, as Mistress Benny started to pound away.  As her strokes
into my ass increased in power and depth I began to feel the hurt there too.  I
would try and lean away, but Mistress Benny had a firm grip.

	"Oh no dick" Mistress Green cautioned.  "You must really want it deep
inside you.  Do you want me to ask Benny to hold you cock restraint as she
enters you?"  The thought of the pain horrified me, so I obliged Mistress Benny
as much as I could, consciously relaxing the muscles of my sphincter, pushing
back despite the mild pain so much more bearable than the thought of someone
touching my pierced sack so soon.

I encouraged her verbally too,
	"Mistress Benny, yes, that feel so great, fuck me deep in the ass
Mistress please use my ass Mistress" I begged her.

It was not long after that Benny stopped, and pulled their cock out from the
depths of my anus.  My ass felt open to the air, distant and hurting as the
penis left. 

Mistress Benny moved round to my face, offering her soiled member to my mouth
again.  I could see she had not ejaculated, but it was even more difficult to
accept the organ in my mouth.  Again she grabbed my head and forced as much as
she could while I struggled not to gag, and try and clean the bitter tasting
cock with my tongue.

Mistress Benny had barely moved away, when another crotch entered my view.  A
strange cock was presented to me and I again nearly vomited at the thought of
sucking this alien object.  My senses seemed trained on this new humiliation and
I could see every detail.  The thick pulsing shaft, enormous purple glans,
foreskin already stretched back revealing its blatant purpose.  The base
surrounded by a thick bush of curly black pubic hair, where as Mistress Benny
had been smooth.  Nothing made the task more obvious that I was going to suck
this male member.  As I hesitated a voice commanded

	"Well, then suck it bitch! As deep as it can go."  A large rough pair of
hands again grabbed my head and the penis was forced mightily into my mouth.  I
immediately tried to gag, as it pushed against the back of my throat.  I could
not breathe and could only feel myself try to vomit as the hands held my face
near to the fusty smelly crotch.  I panicked and started to scrabble
unsuccessfully, not being able to stand properly, my hands not being able to
break the grip.

Distantly I heard,
	"He's a pathetic sucker isn't he Green.  You need to train him to
deep-throat more enthusiastically." I heard cruel laughter, but was not paying
much attention except to my lack of breath.

I was seriously considering biting the invasive cock when it was removed from my
mouth.  I took several shuddering breaths, as I could finally taste the air
again.  Without the same tantalising indignity of Mistress Benny's slow
penetration, I felt the second cock I had just been sucking thrust into my ass
hole.  It had nearly recovered from Mistress Benny's ministration, so the fast
and hard pounding made me scream and try and pull away.  Hands holding my hips,
prevented me, and the same aggressive voice growled
	"You want me to pull your pathetic dick and show you real pain?  Then
for fucks sake tell me how much you are enjoying this?"

That was the last thing I wanted so even though it revolted me to do so, I
immediately started the pathetic begging and pleading they enjoyed, knowing that
I obviously did not enjoy the treatment and getting a thrill from the indignity.
	"Yes, yes, oh that feels good, Master" the words offending my feelings
but needing to avoid any more pain. "Yes, fuck my ass deep and hard Master"

I did not have to plead for long because another penis was presented to my
mouth, and I again became more panicked about my breathing then the burning
abusing pain in my ass.  I had one cock pushing deep in my mouth as I tried to
tongue the member and take quick breathes when it was withdrawn enough, and I
was also conscious of the pounding as another cock was forcing my ass, wide and
open and intruding deep into my bowels.  At least with my mouth stuffed with
another member I did not have to humiliate myself by begging to be abused in the
ass, and saying how much I was enjoying it.

I lost all sense of time as I was abused, anally and forced to suck cock, bent
over, my anus used by the same.  I tried to consciously ignore the act I was
performing, disgusted and frightened at what was happening.  The next clear
impression I had was when, after some particularly painful, thrusting, the
gentleman using my ass stopped and withdrew.

What made this more unpleasant than before was the trickle of liquid I felt down
my thigh.  It could have been the wound in my scrotum bleeding again, but I had
the nauseous idea that it was probably the semen that was ejaculated into my
ass.  As soon as that prick had been removed there was s a jockeying for
position, and the soiled cock was presented to my mouth, while the recently
sucked penis took the place behind.  The gentleman's creamy white spunk still
adhered in traces to the tip of his cock.  This made the subsequent oral
exercise harder, his member might be going flaccid which meant it couldn't be
forced to the back of my throat, but the salty taste of the semen made me want
to puke from shame.

The following cocks that I serviced blended into a nightmarish unending parade. 
I would suck a gentleman's hard erection, tonguing it and trying to breathe as
he thrust it as hard as he could into my mouth, while another penis pierced my
anus.  When this load was ejaculated into my ass, he would present his cock to
be cleaned, and then I would start on the next male member to abuse me. 

My ass became sore and aflame with fire, matching the still painful piercing of
my ball sack.  I could not feel my sphincter and couldn't try to squeeze it
shut; it felt as though it was now permanently open and distended from the abuse
it had taken.  My throat was raw from the male flesh pushed into it, and I could
not remove the slimy, salty taste of the semen from my mouth.  I could also
taste the blood and excrement from my own back passage and I hoped the blood was
from my injury rather than any lesions inside my bowels.

I could only suck and submit so I had no idea of the number of gentlemen using
my body.  After several cocks, there came a time when only my ass was being
used.  I felt disassociated from my body, and could covertly look around.  Maybe
half a dozen officers were in the room, but they were now looking at the female
nurse, and Mistress Benny fucking on the tabletop.  It looked very erotic,
seeing Mistress Benny's wonderful female shaped body from behind, neat heart
shaped bottom, moving against the naked nurse' pussy.  Unless you observed from
the front, when you would see Mistress Benny's hard cock, and incongruous little
pert tits.  Mistress Benny was not only fucking the nurse, but being surprising
vicious about it too.  She was using her nails to scratch and rend the nurses'
skin, leaving angry red trails and even ribbons of blood in places.  She was
using her mouth, biting the voluminous breasts of the nurse.  All this and the
nurse was greatly enjoying it.  Begging to be fucked and hurt at the same time.

Even in my black and abstract mood I felt a wave of despair thinking that this
was going to be my fate slaving to Mistress Green, begin used and having to
enjoy the pain and abuse.

Just then my mind was brought back to my current predicament as one of the
gentlemen realised I was not sucking anyone.
	"Does the bitch drink piss Green?" he asked, and I was shocked to see
Mistress Green nod her head.
	"Oh yes" she affirmed "he is trained, Just use him as you wish"

The man who had spoken, again unbuttoned his fly and taking the limp flaccid
cock again offered it to my mouth.  He made no move to force it in, and I was
reluctant to take the glistening end.
	"Just yank his crotch restraint if he misbehaves" enjoined Mistress
Green, and fearing the pain I immediately put my lips around the end of the
dick.

It felt even stranger with the bulbous end of a flaccid cock in my mouth than
with an erect one.  Quickly I was focused on swallowing the stream of urine that
spurted from the end, like sucking on a large meat straw.  The flavour was very
unpleasant, I do not know why, more salty and musty than Mistress Green's urine. 
I struggled to control my vomiting as I swallowed.  At one point I did heave,
but managed to keep it in my mouth and swallow again.

Of course, after this one gentleman had used me as a toilet the others became
enthusiastic too, and I had to drink several pints of urine.  Towards the end it
felt as though I could not drink anymore and I struggled to swallow the piss
that filled my mouth.  When everyone had enough.  I stayed there, in position. 
Aware of how I looked, naked ass in the air, ass hole distended, bleeding and
dripping with come.  My face hung low, my throat barely able to swallow and only
tasting the humiliating flavour of the piss I had drunk.

Mistress Green then commanded me to crawl to the nurse, Amy, and clean her pussy
and be her toilet.  This at least did not feel as degrading.  Amy had a shaven
cunt.  Her skin was very white and the pussy lips a strongly contrasting red.  I
feared that Mistress Benny had filled her with spunk but her slit was just wet
with her own juices.  I used my tongue as I had been taught to lick her clean. 
Licking along the length of her pussy lips, pushing my tongue inside her vagina,
exploring under the hood for her clit.

When she sighed and lay back I took the cue, and fastening my mouth over her,
accepted her stream of piss.   My mouth filled, and I had to concentrate rally
hard to swallow, in the end I was not sure how I managed.  Feeling sick,
nauseous, in pain in my crotch and ass, I kneeled on the floor at Mistress
Green's feet.

	"There is one more person you need to satisfy Dick." Mistress Green told
me.  Mistress Benny still has not fucked you enough.  I swallowed dpainfully, my
dry throat not lubricated by the piss I had drunk.
	"Mistreess, I am ready to be fucked in the ass by Mistress Benny
Mistress."  I was too exhausted to be more imaginative, and waited for the
inevitable diatribe for not showing the proper enthusiasm.   With more
foreboding Mistress Green carried on.
	"You must have noticed Dick, theat Benny is much more passionate when
you are suffering distress?"  This is a rhetorical question and I do not have
time to agree to this steatment as she bids us all go out to the car.  I crawl
at Misress GReen's heels, and everybody follows along.  Making ribald comments
at my expense, complimenting or insulting my ass and demeanour.

When we reach the car I am told to bend over the hood, and I resignedly do so,
fully expecting to be fucked in the ass by Mistress Benny, but,  my expectations
are changed when two of the officers are instructed to hold me in place.  I
start to panic, and struggle, but the position is not inducive to escape, and
merely results in catcalls about my bottom wriggling around.

Then I notice that Mistress Benny, wearing a leather glove has gathered a
handful of nettles and is advancing towards me with them bransidished like
awhip.  I immediately start struggling more earnestly, and futilly begging for
mercy, for anyone to stop this.

Mistress Benny takes her time, swinging the nettles back and forth.  I have a
powerful fear of nettles since childhood, and the thought of them being applied
anyehere near my sensitive ass was horrifing.  Mistress Benny uses her other
hand to stroke her enormous cock, fully proud and erect, which was even gaining
compliemtns from all the gentlemen gathered around.

Finally I realised that my snivelling and crying were not going to have any
effect as she brushed the weeds lightly over my ass.  The pain was terrific. 
Different from the whippings and piercings and other tortures that had been
inflicted on me.  It burnt like fire.  Hot and immediate, many of the nerve
endings aflame with pain.  I literally screamed at the sensation, and each new
swipe of the nettles increased the volume until m throat was raw.  Mistress
Benny addressesed my ass, making sure that each centimeter was affected.  The
backs and insides of my thighs too.

Worse was when she ran the nettles up between my legs.  The leaves and fronds
pulling across my already painful balls, and then up my ass crack over my abused
anus.

The pain was intense, but not such that I passed out, but enough that when
Mistress Benny did eventually impale my ass on her cock, the feeling was a
continuation of the pain already inflicted.

I eventually ran out of breath and screams though the pain continued with no
apparent sign of releif.  I slowly became aware of the pounding in my ass, but
only because my sphincter was extended so much by the pounding cock of Mistress
Benny.  I barely noticed when she came and poured her hot seed deep inside my
body, and it was almost without thought that I finally cleaned that magnificent
cock.

After providing an evenings entertainment I was unceremoniously bundled into the
boot of Mistress Green's car.  Hot stiffling, in pain and desperate to relieve
myself.  I heard Mistress Green conversing outside, but the words were
indistinct and muffled that I could not hear the intent.  Finally the engine
started, car doors slammed and we drove off.

The trip back to what I imagined was Mistress Greens mansion seemed to take
longer than my brief escape.  My body still hurt and burned.  I felt nauseous,
bloated and ashamed.  I felt the darkest despair, realising that there was no
way I could escape Misress Green without expecting the same treatment if I were
caught in the act.

Finally the car stopped and doors slammed, and I had at least the hope of
release from this uncomfortable confinement.  But my hopes were in vain, nobody
came to release me and I waited in that dark cramped space.  My desire to pee
mounted, and I was desparate, until finally I could wait no longer and released
the hot feotid stream over my body and legs to pool beneath me in the boot of
the car, spreading until my face and hair were lying in the stinking pool.  In
my misery I slept.










I am lost.&nbsp; I despair of escaping from this existence.&nbsp; I am now in a worse state then when I was falsely incarcerated for an unknown crime.&nbsp; Now I am captured by Mistress Green and the transvestite Mistress Benny as their sex slave.&nbsp; No, more than just sex, their abuse and torture slave too.&nbsp; If you have somehow read the other episodes of my story I have managed to leave on the Internet you'll know that I foolishly and consentingly decided to accept this position with&nbsp; Mistress Green, but that the conditions and the activities I participate in become more and more extreme, until now I fear for my life and sanity.&nbsp; I tried to escape only to find that local law enforcement are also part of Mistress Green's diabolical society.&nbsp; I am trapped.&nbsp; I am lost.

I must have finally succumbed to sleep in the boot of the car I was imprisoned in.&nbsp; Covered in vomit and urine.&nbsp; My balls burning from the new permanent cock and ball clamp, my ass and thighs on fire from the nettle burns, and my ass open and abused from the previous nights gang rape.&nbsp; The meagre clothes, stockings, blouse and short skirt, soiled in the same way.

I am rudely awakened when the boot is opened letting in the cold light of day.&nbsp; I blink at the light and cower as I discern Mistress Green and Mistress Benny looking down at me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Up and out, and Benny can hose you down" demands Mistress Green, 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"or do you want me to pull you out by your cock restraint?"
The threat is enough for me to bounce out of the car, and kneel for Mistress Green.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I love the fear in his eyes" Mistress Green continues. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"When you have cleaned him up bring him to the study so I can explain his punishment."

Mistress Benny uses the hose to spray me all over.&nbsp; In seconds I am shivering from the cold water and after a couple minutes I feel faint and numb.&nbsp; Mistress Benny continues to hose me, trying to fill my mouth so I choke, or directing hard jets at my sore ass and painful balls.&nbsp; The numbing cold actually helps anaesthetise my hurts, and I am too concerned&nbsp; with thoughts of punishment to try to minimise or complain about the cold water.&nbsp; This lack of squealing bores Mistress Benny and she finishes hosing me without offering anything to dry myself.&nbsp; I merely have to discard the blouse and skirt leaving just the torn stockings and the heels that have been punishing my feet.

I crawl as fast as I could behind Mistress Benny as she enters the house and takes me to Mistress Green.&nbsp; I kneel in front of her desk as she explains my new situation.
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You were Dick since that accurately described the principle means I had for motivating you.&nbsp; But since you have seen fit to spurn my hospitality you are going to be reduced in status."
I swallowed at this statement.&nbsp; How could I be demoted from being her sex slave?
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"From now on you are going to be Fuck, because you are literally fucked.&nbsp; Fuck not in the sense of pleasure, but in the sense that you are existence from now is fucked.&nbsp; You are mine to use as I wish until you are castrated and fed to the dogs.&nbsp; Is that clear Fuck?"
I swallow from the feelings of despair and nausea, trying to lick my dry lips I reply
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Mistress, yes Mistress." 
My voice is weak and hesitant and I am immediately worried that I might be punished for a lack of enthusiasm, but Mistress Green has more to say.
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You have also lost, irredeemably, some of the comforts that you had.&nbsp; You will no longer sleep in a warm comfortable bed with a hot shower.&nbsp; Your new quarters are the little room next to the laundry.&nbsp; There is a tap on the wall, and a drain in the floor that should be sufficient to keep yourself clean. 
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Oh, and I expect that you will, even if the cold water is unpleasant, anything I will do to you if you are not impeccable is much much worse.
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"There are some blankets and a pallet to sleep on, do not expect a mattress or pillow.&nbsp; From now on you need only wear stockings and high heels so there is no other furnishings necessary.&nbsp; That is unless I have other requirements for your clothing.
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I have also been overly generous with your food.&nbsp; You Fuck will not get anything from the table again, Mistress Benny will feed you on scraps, left overs and the stuff thrown away.
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You might think that the run of the house, and particularly the kitchen is going to give you ample opportunities for snacking.&nbsp; Think very very carefully before you do.&nbsp; If I find you have eaten or drunk anything not given to you by Mistress Benny or myself the consequences are simple.
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I will drill out your front teeth, very slowly and very very painfully, and then wire the remainder of your jaw shut so that you can still lick and suck but you will never chew or swallow properly again.
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You are no longer privileged to wear the leather collar I fitted you with."
I am for one instant happy at the thought of not having to wear the constricting and painful&nbsp; device, but then as Mistress Green continues I realised that it is only a brief flowering of hope.
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Instead Benny will weld a stout steel collar around your scrawny neck. It is never coming off.
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You will also find that the collar has various rings.&nbsp; When you crawl onto you pallet at night you will find there is a very heavy weight and chain that you can lock to the collar.&nbsp; You must do so. After all we don't want you running away!"
Mistress Green laughs coquettishly at the thought, a laugh I can not echo, each statement making my life more miserable.
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You could I suppose forget to lock yourself in, but again the consequences if you do are dire beyond your imagination."
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Benny, take him away and fit the collar and then I will meet you with him in room 2 to discuss punishment."
 
I go weak at the thought of room 2.&nbsp; This is the room of extreme pain where the cock and ball clamp had been fitted.&nbsp; I know that I have to stay out of that room even if it means doing anything but I am trapped in the sequence of events.
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Come on then Fuck" says Mistress Benny, and I scramble after her knowing that she will use any excuse to pull the painful cock and ball constraint to get me to move faster. 

As fast as I can crawl I follow her to another room I have not entered previously.&nbsp; It is a large room housing a workshop and the types of tools and machines are those you would see in any light engineering establishment.&nbsp; The product though is strictly middle ages. 

Mistress Benny takes me to a section of the shop where there are heavy metal rings, hinged open, obviously my new collar would be one of them. 
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You know the country where the women wear elegant brass rings round their necks to stretch them?" Mistress Benny asks me lightly.
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Mistress, yes Mistress" I reply because I had seen a documentary about the Padaung who indeed wore these things.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "Well, this is nothing like that!" says Mistress Benny holding up a thick heavy steel ring and laughing at her witticism.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "This is 2kg of stainless steel so don't try swimming anywhere!"
The ring is polished and smooth, but as she closes it round my neck I feel its heavy oppressiveness.&nbsp; It is as small as the original leather collar and threatens to constrict my breathing.&nbsp; I can see that there were several rings attached, obviously for the weight I am doomed to attach myself to at night.

Mistress Benny informs me, 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "I won't tie you down for this little job, I think just securing the cock rings to the table surface will be sufficient".
She leads me to a table and has me spread eagle myself over the surface face down.&nbsp; She feels between my legs and takes hold of the constraint.&nbsp; She then gives it a sudden tug that causes me to scream at the renewed agony of my pierced ball sack.&nbsp; I can hear her laughing as she ties a length of cord to the constraint.&nbsp; I feel her pull it as she ties it&nbsp; somewhere lower down which sent more waves of pain through me. 

I struggle to regain my breath as my genitals feel the agony.&nbsp; I am only peripherally aware as Mistress Benny prepares for the next stage of the operation. When next she enters my vision she holds a welder in one hand, and a mask in the other.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "This won't hurt" she said, but try not to move.
 
I hear the spark as she starts and smelt the burning metal.&nbsp; I try to stay as still as possible, holding my breath at the horror and anticipation if Mistress Benny were to accidentally brand me.&nbsp; I quickly feel the heat increase, it becomes hotter and hotter at the back of my neck.&nbsp; I hear her stop but I am biting my lips as the heat mounts.&nbsp; Luckily the heat begins to subside just as I am about to scream out.&nbsp; I can release my breath, panting, feeling the residual burn at my groin and now at my neck. 

Mistress Benny comes round to the front again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "You see I am good, very good Fuck" she smiles at me.&nbsp; "Cos these things can give you a very sharp shock if I'm not careful". 
With that statement Mistress Benny brings the welder deliberately towards my shoulder.&nbsp; Before I can even mouth a plea I can see a spark flash from the tip to my flesh and I jerk and scream in reaction.&nbsp; This unfortunately has the effect of jerking the secured cock and ball constraint as well, and I redouble my screaming in my agonies.

Mistress Benny only jolts me once with the welder and as I stop yelling and draw breath again I can see she is silently laughing.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "You are so delicious Fuck" she told me, "I know I shouldn't do this, but I don't think you'll tell Mistress Green will you?" she asked.
I thought she means the spark and quickly reply
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "Mistress, no Mistress Benny" but then I notice that she has put down the welding tools and her hand is lifting her skirt.&nbsp; As before I am amazed at the size of the cock that was hardly contained in the pink panties she is wearing. 

She takes out her cock out and smoothly strokes its length, already half erect until it becomes stunningly tall.&nbsp; Moisture gleams on the tip.&nbsp; As she advances toward me I realise that I am going to have to perform fellatio. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "Just like last night fuck" she murmurs as I open my mouth to accept her huge member.&nbsp; She strokes into my mouth as hard and as far as she can so I have to struggle to suppress my gagging reflex, while at the same time keeping my lips tight on the shaft, and my jaw as open as possible.

I am relieved as she pulls out, and I can now rest my tongue and lips.&nbsp; I felt her hands on my ass cheeks and try to relax my anus as she forces her penis into my ass. The abuse from the night before and especially the burning nettles causes me to groan.&nbsp; She does&nbsp; not ask me for verbal encouragement so I just bite my lip.&nbsp; I fell the tears flowing down my face.&nbsp; I fell her pounding on my ass, strong and insistent, and eventually pulsing as she comes, spending her seed inside me.&nbsp; When Mistress Benny presents her cock I know what to do and start licking it clean of her semen and the blood and excrement of my ass.&nbsp; She sees my tears and wipes them away, saying
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "Yes Fuck you are precious".
 
When she has finished she unties me, the rattling of the cock and ball constraint only provoking the smallest verbalisation as I feel the pain.&nbsp; I then follow her with mounting dread to room 2.&nbsp; When I crawl into room 2, Mistress Green is already perched on the same high stall as previously.&nbsp; I kneel before her and listen though I mentally try to distance myself from what is happening, sick with the thought.&nbsp; Mistress Green starts with  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "Yes, I like the collar Fuck.&nbsp; The loops will come in very handy for some of the uses I am to make of you. 
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "So onto the last topic.&nbsp; We are back in room 2 so soon.&nbsp; I see you're a very slow learner.&nbsp; The idea is to make you fear this room so much you will do anything to keep out of it! Let us try again shall we?"
 
Mistress Green looks at me questioningly, so I grasp at my only hope.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "Mistress Green I beg you" I say.&nbsp; "I understand my position and surrender myself completely to you.&nbsp; I fear the pain really Fuck does mistress. I fear it so much. Please have mercy on me, I will devote myself utterly to you.&nbsp; My body and soul are yours.&nbsp; Mistress Green I beg you, I implore you, I know I cannot stand this punishment ..."
I would continue but Mistress Green stops me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "Now now Fuck.&nbsp; I know that I have instilled the proper attitude into you, but a punishment is necessary.&nbsp; You very seriously disobeyed me, and even more, insulted me, by running away, didn't you?" I am so scared I force myself to answer
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "Mistress Green, yes, Mistress Green, but ..." Again I am cut off.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "So you know you must be punished don't you?" she says.&nbsp; I am now trembling in fear and reply
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "Mistress, yes Mistress" any last shred of hope disappearing.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "So tell me fuck,"Mistress Green says gently, what is it you need?"&nbsp; 
I cannot see anyway out and say almost calmly,
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "Mistress, I need to be punished Mistress".&nbsp; 
I swallow dryly at the admission.
 "Good" exclaims Mistress Green in a stronger tone.&nbsp; "That was not so bad, you can learn I see.&nbsp; so I will explain the last procedure.
 "Obviously I am going to hurt you so badly you will not be able to control yourself, and I do not expect you to, you are going to be strapped to the support as before.
 "But I do expect you to acknowledge the need and even show a desire for the punishment by securing yourself in the support.&nbsp; Do you understand Fuck?"
 
 I want to just nod dumbly, but I know that more is expected and choke out the required
 "Mistress, yes Mistress".&nbsp;&nbsp; Mistress Green continues, "If you think for just one second about not doing this then consider the consequences.&nbsp; If you cannot obey me, I have no more use for you, you are practically useless.&nbsp; Your only use will be to die.&nbsp; You will die a very slow and painful death, and your agony and the snuffing out of your miserable existence will be your final service.
 "Now then Fuck, please strap yourself in, facing the wall this time."
 
I crawl over to the support, as slowly as I dare, knowing this evil woman will do everything she says and not having any hope.&nbsp; With fumbling hands and misty eyes I secure my ankles.&nbsp; Then one hand.&nbsp; I stop when I realise that there is no way I will be able to secure the other hand.&nbsp; Just then Mistress Benny catches my wrist and guides it home, finishing the restraint.&nbsp; She winks and smiles at me but I feel cold and sick with anticipation.
 "Pop this in your mouth Fuck" she says, presenting me with a large red rubber ball. I can barely encompass it with my lips, and it acts as a partial gag.&nbsp; I find that though it painfully extends my jaw I can at least bite down on it.

Mistress Green addresses me and I hear her voice somewhere in the distance tell me.
 "This is simply a whipping fuck.&nbsp; Nothing inventive.&nbsp; However Mistress Benny will continue until you pass out from the pain.&nbsp; And then a few more just to ensure you are not faking."
 
 "Begin ..."
 
Mistress Benny stands at the side where I can just see her.&nbsp; She wields a long handled lash.&nbsp; There is no finesse, no taunting and teasing, she just calmly and methodically beats me unconscious.&nbsp; I can clearly remember the first blow.&nbsp; A line of fiery pain across my back.&nbsp; After that they just melt into one long cruel mounting agony.&nbsp; To start with I can bite the ball gag, but after a while I scream.&nbsp; I start to struggle to escape but it is to no avail.&nbsp; I finally run out of strength or energy to scream, and can then just sob and grunt from the pain.&nbsp; Sometime later my legs give way and I am only supported hanging in the constraints from my wrists.&nbsp; By this time if the pain has increased I am unaware,&nbsp; soon after I lose consciousness.

I awake from nightmares of pain and torture and I again feel the fire and agony on my back.&nbsp; This time I am not being lashed but I can feel hands running over the bloody wounds.&nbsp; I do not pass out from the pain again, but scream and scream at the hurt.&nbsp; I realise that the ball gag has been removed.

The ministrations stop for a while and I notice that it was much later.&nbsp; It must be evening.&nbsp; Mistress Benny addresses me,
 "I am cleaning, binding and disinfecting your back Fuck, the constraints are there to help you take your medicine.&nbsp; You can thank me later."
I feel her again start to swab the welts and lesions.&nbsp; The pain causes me to scream again. Mistress Benny carries on first wiping my back with disinfectant and then binding with gauze and bandages.

I barely notice that Mistress Benny has finished with my world awash in the pain, until she starts unbuckling the wrist restraints.&nbsp; I am surprised that I can stand at all, but manage long enough to undo the ankle cuffs, whereupon I can then kneel as I am accustomed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Well then Fuck?" queries Mistress Benny as she stands with one hand on her hip, the weight taken by one shapely leg.&nbsp; I realise that she expects me to thank her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Mistress Benny, thank for treating me Mistress."&nbsp; Just after this simple gratitude I notice I must have made a mistake since she is immediately annoyed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Not that" she says, "this".&nbsp; She squeezes what is obviously her cock under the short skirt she is wearing.&nbsp; Now I know what she wants I quickly crawl over to her, ferociously clenching my teeth at the pain. My hands gently pull down the front of her panties releasing the big semi erect member within.&nbsp; I fasten my mouth around the shaft and commence to suck and tongue her cock.&nbsp; She grabs my head and starts to force herself deeper in my throat.&nbsp; Previously I would have been alarmed by the abuse of my mouth and throat, but the level of pain is such that the whole thing seems unreal, I am almost detached from what is happening.

After she is sufficiently erect she bids me bend over a convenient table and starts to penetrate my ass with her cock.&nbsp; As she pounds in, her hands touch my back causing me to scream and struggle.&nbsp; There is nothing I can do to escape the pain in that position and again I reach a level of detachment, the pain so intense it feels like it was happening to someone else.&nbsp; When she comes in my ass I am not even aware her presenting her penis for me to clean with my mouth.&nbsp; I have sufficient strength to crawl after mistress Benny to my pallet next to the laundry.&nbsp; I see the heavy ball weight that I have to lock myself to.&nbsp; Keen to avoid any further punishment I quickly lock myself to it. 

Adjacent to the bed is a bowl with several pieces of old stale even mouldy looking bread, and a jar of tepid water.&nbsp; I am not at all hungry in my present state and the thought of the inedible food removes all trace of appetite.&nbsp; Mistress Benny must see my trepidation and immediately instructs me,
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Fuck, you will eat ever scrap given to you, otherwise I will blend it into a soup and force feed it to you while crushing your balls in a vice, is that clear?"
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Mistress, yes Mistress" is my quick reply.&nbsp; With a smile Mistress Benny leaves me and I start to slowly nibble at the bread, wetting it with the unpleasant brackish water.&nbsp; Fighting the gorge rising in my throat as I attempt to swallow.&nbsp; I sleep under the blanket given me, ignorant of the cold because the pain in my back supersedes all the other sensations.

I awake next morning as Mistress Benny unlocks the weight from my neck.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Rise and shine dumb Fuck" she greets me.&nbsp; 
The pain in my back has in no way diminished and I have to clench my teeth tight to avoid shouting at the pain as I move to kneel at her feet.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Breakfast, clean yourself and then attend Mistress Green in the kitchen in, lets say 3 minutes Fuck".
I see the a metal bowl with a cold congealed lump of cereal and the same foul water.&nbsp; I quickly scrape it into my mouth ignoring the slimy lumpiness of it as I struggle to swallow it.&nbsp; Desperate about the time I find the cold tap and bar of astringent laundry soap.&nbsp; Quickly I lather all over excepting my back, swearing and cursing at the pain.&nbsp; It seems to take ages to remove the lather with cold water, and making do with a blanket to dry myself I am extremely cold, still damp and shivering at the end of the procedure.&nbsp; Clothing is easy.&nbsp; suspenders and stockings and heels.&nbsp; I am glad there was nothing to touch my still painful cock and ball restraint or back.&nbsp; 

Hoping that I have not exceeded the 3 minute limit imposed by Mistress Benny I crawl into Mistress Green's presence in the kitchen.&nbsp; I do&nbsp; not know what to expect of this cruel tyrant but I fear anything that she might order.&nbsp; She seems distant and merely glances at me as I crawl to kneel at her feet.&nbsp; She continues eating her breakfast and chatting to Mistress Benny and I am grateful she is ignoring me. 

Finally she deigns to notice me.
 "Fuck you are in much too delicate a condition to be of any use to me.&nbsp; Benny is going to supervise you until you have recovered sufficiently."
With that short statement she leaves the room without even giving me time to thank her.

Mistress Benny leaves me kneeling as she tidies her own breakfast away.&nbsp; Then she informs me
 "I am first going to change your dressing and then put you to work Fuck".
She has me bend over the table and changes the dressings on my injuries.&nbsp; She does this none too gently, and I am quickly crying out and screaming at the further torment.&nbsp; Distantly I feel her penetrate my ass again but I am too concerned with her sadistic doctoring to feel anything.&nbsp; My ass accustomed to the abuse relaxes to accept her member. She finishes the dressing as she comes and releases me from the position she has used me in.&nbsp; After I clean her cock she takes me to be put in a diaper.&nbsp; Knowing what is expected from me I immediately try to start filling it, managing to squeeze a small turd into the fabric, and releasing a surprisingly large quantity of urine.&nbsp; I am briefly worried about the dangers of infection in the wound in my scrotum, but then think hollowly that this is the least of my worries.

During the day Mistress Benny assigns me various simple household chores that I preform mechanically wearing the diaper holding my own waste.&nbsp; Each little task I try exceptionally hard to preform the best I possibly can, fearful of further punishments.&nbsp; Mistress Benny however makes no comment and merely assigns the next job on her list.&nbsp; At the end of the day the diaper is very uncomfortably sticky.&nbsp; I am taken and cleaned. Hosing away the worst and then having to clean myself inside with a powerful enema. All these things are humiliating and disgusting but I accept them because I fear the consequences of showing even a moments hesitation.&nbsp; I know the next step in the procedure so I am not surprised that Mistress Benny tells me I have to be punished for dirtying the diaper.

She tells me that my back is not to be used until it is healed, and then delights in finding other places to use a thin rod to beat me.&nbsp; She starts across my bottom before moving onto the backs of my thighs.&nbsp; She then increases the pain level a little by whipping the inside of my thighs and down my ass so that she is whipping me directly on my anus.&nbsp; Naturally I cry and beg for her to stop, but the residue feeling of continuous pain in my back makes it seem distant.&nbsp; The crying and begging are helpful though, they make me feel as if I am attempting, however unsuccessfully, to minimise the burden.

The last agony of the day is when Mistress Benny again changes the dressing on my back.&nbsp; I understand why she is so keen on whipping my ass hole as she penetrates me at the same time.&nbsp; The effect of the whipping, followed by the anal penetration have added a new source of agony to my existence.&nbsp; I feel the pain in my back as a deep fire, the pain in my testicle sack as a glowing fire, and now my ass feels a sharp burning fire.

I am then allowed to crawl back to my pallet to an unappetising meal of several days old table scraps, and there to fall into a deep sleep plagued by dark forbidding nightmares.

I lose track of time, I do not know if it is days or weeks.&nbsp; Each day is a succession of pain and indignities.&nbsp; In the morning after a barely edible meal Mistress Benny changes my dressing and fucks my ass as I cry out.&nbsp; I spend the day doing menial chores in a diaper of my own filth.&nbsp; At the end of the day I entertain Mistress Benny as she finds new ways to hurt me.&nbsp; She is ambivalent that the piercing from cock and ball constraint has healed nicely.&nbsp; She likes that my cock and balls are again available as an area to hurt, and that she can clip a leash to the restraint and pull me around until it fells as if she wants to rudely castrate my be pulling them off.&nbsp; But then she complains that she preferred when I was so responsive that the smallest touch would cause me to scream.

She is obviously highly turned on by the screams and cries as she tends my back.&nbsp; Each time I am bent over a table to have the dressing changed I know that when I scream it leads to an ass fucking.&nbsp; I realise that this limbo period is coming to an end when one morning I do not cry out as she changes the dressing.&nbsp; Disappointed that her usual excitement is missing, the punishment that evening is much more elaborate and drawn out then previously.&nbsp; I am beaten with various whips and paddles. She uses large obtrusive toys in my ass, afterwards nearly chocking me as they distend my jaws to the utmost as I attempt to clean them.&nbsp; She whips my cock and balls against the constraint, abusing them and bruising them until I am crying and screaming.&nbsp; Only then is she aroused enough to actually fuck me.

The following day I am woken by Mistress Benny as usual, but this day I am told to report to Mistress Green's room.&nbsp; I am immensely relieved at avoiding Mistress Benny's painful ministrations and almost eagerly rush to attend my Mistress.&nbsp; I actually find myself enjoying creeping up her bed and sucking and licking her pussy.&nbsp; Without a thought I hold my mouth over her cunt as she gives me her first pee of the day.&nbsp; I do not hesitate as I hold my hands out for her bowel movement and immediately I clean the rest of the excrement from her ass with my tongue before disposing of the handful.

After Mistress Green has bathed I help by drying her hair.&nbsp; She has not said much until nearing&nbsp; the end of the drying she tells me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It is nice to see your attitude so improved Fuck"
I am startled by the compliment, taken aback but actually a little happy when I reply
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Mistress, thank you mistress!".
She then carries on,
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"but I am a disappointed that you are still as clumsy as ever!".
It is such a long time since I have served my Mistress that I almost miss the hint.&nbsp; Quickly recovering I drop to my knees and then abase myself at her feet.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Mistress, I am so sorry mistress. " I beg " Please spank me Mistress.&nbsp; Please spank Fuck severely to remonstrate for his clumsiness.&nbsp; Mistress this Fuck needs to be spanked Mistress"
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
I try to make the plea as heartfelt and sincere as possible so I am greatly relieved when she bids me bend over her lap.&nbsp; It feels pleasant to start with as the flat of her hand begins to smack my buttocks.&nbsp; Grateful that I am not being punished any more severely I feel the mounting heat spread through my body.&nbsp; I find myself mewing as the stinging increases, trying not to, but find my self uncontrollably wriggling as my ass gets hotter.

When the spanking stops I again drop to her feet to thank her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Mistress, thank you Mistress for the spanking.&nbsp; Fuck knows he has to try harder Mistress".
My bottom is already starting to cool as I finish Mistress dressing.

Mistress Green tells me that she is going to spend the day testing me.&nbsp; I am nervous at the idea but fearful enough that I crawl without question after her to the toy room.

She selects a strap on dildo for herself, smooth but quite wide.&nbsp; I bend over, hands on&nbsp; my knees at her command and prepare to be anally fucked.&nbsp; I have not been given a chance to lubricate the tool and the first strokes are painful enough for me to gasp, but the abuse by Mistress Benny over the previous weeks has exercised my ass at accepting such a toy.&nbsp; The lack of pain which is the usual accompaniment to being fucked by Mistress Benny makes the whole sensation different.

Mistress Green notices that I am relaxed in the position and bids me to enthuse about the activity.&nbsp; Immediately I start telling her how much I am enjoying it
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Mistress that feels so good.&nbsp; Drive your dildo deep into my ass Mistress" I tell her.&nbsp; Not really thinking about the words and their intention, just hoping that I am performing well for her and there is no need for other punishments.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
After fucking my ass Mistress Green moves round to use the same tool in my mouth.&nbsp; This is much much harder, even harder than having to suck real cock since it is hard and inflexible.&nbsp; I can feel it pound against the back of my throat no matter how I try to position myself to suck it.&nbsp; The feeling of it entering my throat makes me want to puke, a desire I strongly suppressed.

Mistress Green stops after a while and looks at me,
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"That was a poor performance wasn't it Fuck?&nbsp; Again I am disappointed"
I pick up the queue and again beg for a spanking.&nbsp; My bottom is warmed over her knee which is a wonderful respite from trying to swallow her dildo and I properly thank her afterwards.

She tries various toys on me in that session, each one a different size and shape, with or without bumps and spikes and other embellishments.&nbsp; Each one is more or less uncomfortable or painful, but I dutifully tell her how great it is that she is abusing me this way.&nbsp; When the toy is in my mouth I cannot lavish the same praise on her, and make do by trying to look cheerful and eager.

Lunchtime is great.&nbsp; I place my face between her thighs and lick her while she eats.&nbsp; I drink her piss when she needs, and she throws a few scraps on the floor for me to eat.&nbsp; After the meal she commands me to kneel at her feet again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Fuck, I have a great gift for you she says, which causes my heart to beat harder and my mood to brighten, though I have little expectations.&nbsp; I have been over-optimistic at my generous Mistress' gifts before.&nbsp; She hands me something from the table.&nbsp; It looks like a big red plastic flower.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This is going to be much nicer to look at then your butt Fuck
As I turn the thing over I see that it is a large butt plug, with a very wide base in the form of petals, and with a ring in the centre.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You must always wear this when you attend me and only then, and you will be severely punished if you cannot hold it in at that time.

Though I am ambivalent about having the toy in my ass all the time, I am overjoyed at the thought of the gift and I feel a profound gratefulness to my generous Mistress.&nbsp; I immediately abase myself
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mistress, thank you so much Mistress.&nbsp; This Fuck is so happy you have given him an ornament to improve himself in your eyes.&nbsp; I will always wear it for you and cherish it when I cannot wear it. Mistress I deeply and humbly thank you for this wonderful gift Mistress.&nbsp; I would carry on praising her and thanking her, but she gently chides me,
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Put it in now Fuck and I hasten to obey.&nbsp; My sore aching ass hurting briefly as I push it in.


***

Several days later I am told we are expecting guests.&nbsp; This is the first time since the gang rape at the police station that I have encountered anybody except Mistress Green or Mistress Benny.&nbsp; The announcement therefore has me anxious about what is going to happen.&nbsp; 

Both Mistresses spend a long time in the afternoon on their appearance.&nbsp; I help as best I can only being spanked a few times for making mistakes.&nbsp; Then Mistress Green decides that I have not been shaving my legs well enough since she can feel a stubble on my buttocks, and this deserves a paddling.&nbsp; After the punishment I barely have to time to correct the over site and dress in clean sheer stockings for our visitors.&nbsp; The butt plug is not required and I feel a little sad I cannot have it inserted for Mistress.

From that moment on I am always attending Mistress Green, kneeling at her feet or crawling after her as she moves about.&nbsp; The lounge has been arranged with 6 sofas surrounding an open area.&nbsp; The lighting is subdued.&nbsp; Mistress Green sits in the sofa nearest the door, greeting each guest as they arrived and are shown in by Mistress Benny who acts as Major Domo for the evening.&nbsp; 

Each guest is accompanied by a slave, though there are a tremendous variety.&nbsp; I wonder how it is going to feel to interact with all these people who are presumably in the same situation I am in.&nbsp; Held against there will, forced through pain and suffering into degrading themselves to be less than sex objects.&nbsp; 

The first pair to arrive are Mistress Veronica and her slave Jason.&nbsp; Mistress Veronica is an older woman, short and getting rather fat.&nbsp; Her blond hair is artificial dyed, and badly dyed at that.&nbsp; She is a very happy Mistress though, laughing loudly and patting me on the head after I kiss her feet on arrival.&nbsp; Her toenails in open toed sandals are painted a vivid red.

Jason is a stud.&nbsp; Tall, muscular, tanned, and blond. His privates are not as directly on view as mine but the little leather loin cloth he wears does not disguise his large manhood.&nbsp; When greeting him Mistress Green beckons him over and pushes his face into her crotch, this he seemingly enjoys.&nbsp; When together he towers over his Mistress.

Next to arrive is Master George and Harvey.&nbsp; Master George is dressed in a dinner suit with a thick silver topped cane, but even with all the finery he still manages to look slobbish, with food crumbs on his lapels and greasy marks on his trousers.&nbsp; He is not very fat but has a big belly.&nbsp; His hair and complexion match his attire, a trifle slobbish and coarse.&nbsp; He has a lot of thick black hair, sprouting from his nostrils and ears as well as his head.&nbsp; I can see the nicks from his recent shave but already his face seems to possess a dark shadow.&nbsp; 

Harvey is a very frightened skinny fellow.&nbsp; Butt naked, not even shoes.&nbsp; Bruises and welts clearly mark his skin.&nbsp; He looks overly thin, emancipated even.&nbsp; His hair is blond but mousey.&nbsp; I would guess he is probably the same height as his Master but it is difficult to tell since he&nbsp; cowers and shrinks away from contact.

At Master George's command he crawls over to kiss Mistress Green's foot before scurrying back to kneel next to his Master.&nbsp; Mistress Green motioned for me to greet him the same way so I crawl over and kissed his black patent leather shoes.&nbsp; While he was doing this he cruelly pulls my head up and thrusts it into his crotch.&nbsp; I know better than to resist him, and let him rub my face over the obvious bulge in his trousers, smelling the muskiness of his genitals.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes Dick I cannot wait to get you around this tool" he tells me.
Mistress Green informs him that I am now Fuck and he laughs loudly.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Fuck.&nbsp; A dumb Fuck definitely.&nbsp; Turn around and bend over Fuck" he orders me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
I am too scared to even think of looking at Mistress for guidance.&nbsp; As I bend over I feel an excruciating pain as he forces the end of his cane into my ass.&nbsp; The rough dry wood is agony and I try to relax my sphincter to accommodate it.&nbsp; I moan and feel moisture gather in my eyes.&nbsp; Mistress Green says that he can have more fun later, and with that Master George removes the cane, holding it in front of Harvey to clean.&nbsp; I am disgusted, sickened and frightened that sometime I am going to have to do the same thing during this party.

Master Enoch and Vicky are the next guests.&nbsp; Master Enoch is a big black man, looking much much smarter than Master George in the same sort of dinner jacket.&nbsp; He is tall and athletic, he looks strong, well muscled, with short dark hair and a wide open smiling face.&nbsp; 

Vicky is a pretty black girl though getting very overweight.&nbsp; Very rotund, big breasts and wide ass.&nbsp; Much shorter than her master.&nbsp; She looks and acts very uncomfortable in very tight leather clothes.&nbsp; A short bustier cuts into her ribs and forces her tits up and almost out.&nbsp; The skirt is belted shut at least 3 inches too small, powerfully cinching her waist.&nbsp; Even her high heeled shoes look several sizes too small.

Close on their heels arrived Master Victor and Gabrielle.&nbsp; Master Victor is as polished and smart as Master Enoch though his face appears humourless.&nbsp; He laughs and smiles with Mistress Green, but from the glances I take, he appears to only smile with his mouth, never his eyes.&nbsp; His hair is medium brown and greying at the edges, his cold eyes match the brown colouring.&nbsp; He is trim, neither over weight nor athletically built.&nbsp; 

Taller than Master Victor is his companion Gabrielle.&nbsp; She does not kneel as the rest of us do, merely standing behind her Master.&nbsp; I am unsure of her status until she takes part in the evenings entertainment with the rest of us.&nbsp; Similarly she is not dressed or undressed in any outlandish costume but wears an elegant green gown matching her eyes which falls to the floor, just providing glimpses of red shoes and shapely legs as she glides after her Master.&nbsp; She&nbsp; does not crawl and kiss Mistress Green's feet, but elegantly bows and kisses her hand.&nbsp; Master Victor just smiles indulgently as I kiss his feet.

The final arrivals are Mistress Natasha and Bird.&nbsp; Mistress Natasha is quite young, a platinum blond.&nbsp; She looks very powerful and strong.&nbsp; She wears a white leather suit and silver jewellery.&nbsp; She taps her heel impatiently as I crawl to her feet and kiss them.&nbsp; She does not do anything then but I am scared of her presence.

Bird her female slave obviously has the same misapprehension.&nbsp; Approximately the same height as her Mistress, Bird looks anorexic.&nbsp; She is dressed in a tight white latex dress that comes down to mid thigh.&nbsp; She has matching white stilettos. 

Also dangling on her inner thigh are several silver chains with what looked like charms.&nbsp; Later I learn that each was dangling from one of a dozen rings piercing her labia,&nbsp; The charms actually have little sharp points and spikes.&nbsp; As she moves and her thighs rub together these are caught between, hurting and sometimes even drawing blood. 

The couples arrange themselves around the room. The slave generally kneeling at their Master's feet with the exception of Jason and Gabrielle who both are fairly intimately entwined with their respective Mistress and Master.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Mistress Benny distributes drinks, and also little bowls of snacks I realised are meant to be fed to the slaves.&nbsp; The attitude of each Master is reflected in how they handle these snacks.&nbsp; Mistress Veronica feeds Jason by hand, each one almost a sexual movement in itself.&nbsp; Master George totally ignores Harvey and eats them himself.&nbsp; Master Enoch feeds Vicky handfuls at a time and requests several refills from Mistress Benny.&nbsp; I can see Vicky start to struggle to swallow the dry salty snacks.&nbsp; Master Victor and Gabrielle just ignore theirs.&nbsp; Mistress Natasha torments Bird, holding one just out of reach as Bird is supposed to try and catch the snack with her mouth.&nbsp; Finally Mistress Green occasionally throws one for me on the floor and I have to scrabble to find it among the carpet pile, grateful for the wholesome taste.

The various Master's talk among themselves, the slaves totally quiet.&nbsp; Gabrielle and Jason being closer to their Masters sometimes whisper comments the rest of us cannot hear.&nbsp; 

After a few drinks had been consumed Mistress Green asks Mistress Benny to fetch the twister set.&nbsp; I do not know what is going to happen but I am not at all surprised to find that all the slaves, including me, are very active participants.&nbsp; After laying out the carpet with the coloured squares she hands a leather bag to Mistress Green.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The first game is between, " she announces, reaching into the leather bag to draw a two bingo type balls, each with a name inscribed, "Master George and Master Enoch".
Harvey and Vicky crawl over to the board and kneel ready.&nbsp; They are going to play the game.&nbsp; Mistress Benny spins the wheel and directs the slaves to position their hands or feet in the indicated position.&nbsp; Early on it is obvious that Harvey had a huge advantage being totally unencumbered by clothes, white Vicky has to struggle with the severely constricting clothes she is wearing.&nbsp; She even hikes her skirt up above her waist revealing that without knickers she has a very hairy pussy.&nbsp; Even this only delays the inevitable and soon Vicky loses her balance and falls.

Mistress Green again acts as the director and stating the obvious says
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Master George wins, what would you like George?"&nbsp; The slimy man laughs very deeply and replies, 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Easy, the little black bouncy creature can suck me off.&nbsp; But I want her tits out too."
Vicky looks rather relieved to release her breasts from the tight confines of the leather bra.&nbsp; Her nipples are big and dark.&nbsp; She crawls over to where on the sofa Master George is already playing with his erection which emerges from his fly.&nbsp; He sits on the edge of the sofa and motions Vicky to start sucking.&nbsp; She crawls between his thighs and takes his member deep in her mouth.

It is not long before Master George leans forward and starts using his hands to play with her large tits.&nbsp; He then captures her nipples and begin to rub them.&nbsp; As the oral sex continues, I can see him begin to squeeze the nipples ever harder.&nbsp; He starts twisting them too, each one held tightly between his fingers.&nbsp; It is obvious that Vicky is in agony at the treatment but she continues to suck his cock.&nbsp; I am amazed at her fortitude, but since this is the first one orgasm of the evening Master George comes quickly.

Master Enoch then speaks for the first time,
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Gobble it all down Vicky, the semen is high in protein!"&nbsp; which everybody thinks is amusing.
After Master George has spent himself in her mouth he releases Vicky's nipples so she can crawl back to Master Enoch.&nbsp; He does manage to get one hearty blow on her ass as she crawls away.

Mistress Green finds the leather bag and again draws two balls.&nbsp; The first name out is Master Victor so Gabrielle takes up position by the board.&nbsp; She does not crawl over to the board but simply walks.&nbsp; I think the long green dress is going to make it difficult for her to play.&nbsp; The second name was mine, and I suddenly feel very self-conscious as I crawl over to the board.

The first few moves are simple and do not create any difficult positions, but as our limbs are moved around I find myself rubbing, literally, all over this woman's body.&nbsp; This feels strangely much more sexual than I have felt in a long time.&nbsp; My confidence is rising as the dress begins to inhibit Gabrielle's movements.&nbsp; That is until it was my turn to move, and as I change position, precariously balanced,,she shifts her hips and pushes me over.

Mistress Green moved up and starts to say
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"And the winner is Master Victor ..." so I hasten to interrupt,
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Mistress, but she pushed me over ..." 
I only get as far as this when she slaps me hard enough to knock me to the floor.&nbsp; The colour rises in her face and I immediately feel fearful.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She hisses at me, tremendous venom in every syllable.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Don't ever insult me again you brainless worthless snivelling Fuck" she tells me.
My heart begins to pound, sensing that I am certain to be severely punished for this and I cower expecting the worse.&nbsp; Mistress Green visibly collects herself.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Well Victor, do you this Fuck to do anything for you?&nbsp; Or would you prefer to hurt him excruciatingly?" she asks.
Master Victor replies,
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You know I am not really into boys.&nbsp; But perhaps Gabrielle would like to do something?"&nbsp; He raises an eyebrow at Gabrielle.&nbsp; I feel the beginnings of relief that Mistress Green has not sought to punish me severely and vow to do whatever Gabrielle requires&nbsp; to the best of my ability.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Gabrielle has a low voice and replies softly, 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I would enjoy squeezing his balls."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Mistress Green bids me stand facing Gabrielle, hands behind my back.&nbsp; Mistress Benny steps up behind me, I realise that she is there to hold me if I cannot take the pain.&nbsp; I try to hold myself steady, recognising that this is going to be painful but nothing like I could have received from Mistress Green.

Gabrielle looks into my eyes as she takes my testicles, one between each forefinger and thumb. She then begins to apply pressure.&nbsp; Slowly ramping it up.&nbsp; The pain immediately starts and I have to bite my lip, I cannot hold her look and screw up my eyes trying to withstand the feeling of my balls in her crushing grip.&nbsp; Tears squeeze from the edges, and I hear a moan escape my lips.&nbsp; I feel the need to cry out and begin to beg her to stop.

Against my will I feel myself start to bend over subconsciously trying to protect my abused genitals.&nbsp; At the same time I feel Mistress Benny's hands slide into position to restrain me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Gabrielle please stop please, I beg you." I whimper.&nbsp; "I am a stupid and undeserving Fuck to blame you when I fell over"
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
I cannot stand the pain too much longer and have to cry out.&nbsp; I try to maintain my resolve and show Mistress Green that I am grateful for this agonising alternative to her punishment. Just as I think I cannot stand it a moment longer, Gabrielle releases my balls.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Now thank her Fuck" demands Mistress Green.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
I crawl over to Gabrielle and begin kissing her shoe.&nbsp; Interspersing each peck with a simple thanks
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Gabrielle, this dumb fuck thanks you for the pain."
She removes her foot and I start to crawl away when she tells me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I am glad you know your place Fuck."
I do not know how to answer, and begin a motion to crawl away again but she raises her foot, pressing the toe against my mouth.&nbsp; I guess she wants me to suck the toe so I obligingly open and accept the shoe in.&nbsp; She forces as much as she can inside and I can taste the leather and shoe polish and feel the harsh street grit from the sole on my tongue.

The next match up is between Master Victor and Mistress Natasha&nbsp; Gabrielle again stands demurely by the board as Bird crawls to her position, the silver chains dangling nearly to the floor, each one spiked to hurt the thighs as they move closely together.&nbsp; I am so relieved that Mistress Green has not punished me that I do feel any resentment towards Gabrielle.&nbsp; I watch closely as the two girls play against each other.&nbsp; Bird's tight short latex dress is less restricting then Gabrielle's dress, and though the spikes on the chains are sometimes forced into her thighs as they move around she overcomes the handicap.&nbsp; Twice I see Gabrielle try the hip bumping move as Bird changes position but after seeing my predicament Bird is ready for it.&nbsp; Then disaster strikes, Bird decides to retaliate as Gabrielle moves, but the tall girl in green is thinking one step ahead and not only avoids the bump but turns the move against Bird who ungracefully loses her balance.

Master Victor accepts oral sex from Bird and she crawls over to take position between his legs to suck his member.&nbsp; The fellatio starts as usual but soon Bird does something very strange.&nbsp; It is as though she is possessed and she becomes wild, moving faster and faster despite all Master Victor's touches to slow her down.&nbsp; He looks almost relieved when he comes and can push her away.&nbsp; Bird on the other hand looks scared which is strange, then I notice Mistress Natasha pursing her lips and frowning at Bird.&nbsp; I guess she is disappointed that Bird lost and she could not expect service from Gabrielle.

I am called for the next match, and am pitted against Mistress Veronica's Jason.&nbsp; It is uncomfortable playing with another naked man but I ignore the feeling of our bodes touching, and especially the insulting comparison between our two physiques.&nbsp; I am tense and nervous watching for Gabrielle's trick but Jason plays fair and loses because I am small and flexible enough to move to positions he struggles at.&nbsp; At the end he smiles at me as he crawls off to suck and lick Mistress Green.

Mistress Green has already removed her panties and sits with her legs open, her wet pussy visible for everybody to see.
 "It's great that you are serving me again" she tells Jason, and I fell an unexpected rush of resentment against the hunk performing my duties for that particular pussy.
 "But while you lick me I would like to see you impaled as well" she adds.
 Mistress Veronica takes a smooth white dildo out of her bag and says 
 "Use this"
Mistress Green gestures for me to collect the toy and I do, but when I return to Mistress instead of taking it herself she tells me to do the penetration.

I am rather scared and a bit disgusted at the thought, but know enough not to show any emotion other than acceptance. Jason obligingly raises his ass. Fortunately the toy is smooth and not too big.&nbsp; It slides in without much resistance and I start stroking it in and out to the movements of Jason as he licks along the length of Mistress Green cunt.

It is still feels uncomfortable watching the white toy distend Jason's sphincter as it slides in, and his anus giving up the toy as it comes out.&nbsp; I don't know what sort of depth I should use, and so I do not try and force it too much.&nbsp; After a few strokes it is entering nearly the whole length so that is one worry I am relieved of.&nbsp; He must be practised because I feel him almost pulling the toy inside and I have to be careful not to lose my grip on it.

I hear and see Mistress Green orgasm, and when she looks at me and nods, I allow Jason's ass to finally force the toy from its depth.&nbsp; Suddenly I realise what is coming next and this is confirmed when Mistress Green commands me to clean the toy.&nbsp; I dare not hesitate and use my mouth to suck the toy clean again and return it to Mistress Veronica.

The next game has Master Enoch represented by Vicky and Mistress Natasha represented by Bird compete.&nbsp; From the first move both girls try to throw their opponents.&nbsp; It seems more like a wrestling match than Twister.&nbsp; In the end the black girl's greater weight helps and Bird is the loser.&nbsp; Not surprisingly Master Enoch is sucked off.&nbsp; Again Bird has the same sort of fit, and rather than finish calmly starts to get frantic sucking off Master Enoch.&nbsp; Possibly the size of his big black cock is causing her breathing difficulties, but Bird seems more despondent than before giving head as she crawls back to Mistress Natasha.

Bird is distressed when she is again chosen to represent Mistress Natasha, this time playing against Mistress Veronica and Jason.&nbsp; Again during the play she seems desperate to win, trying all sorts of tricks to overbalance Jason.&nbsp; His superior weight and height help him for a time but he does not try and retaliate and eventually succumbs to what is almost a blatant push from Bird.&nbsp; Bird is relieved, and again Jason starts to crawl over towards Mistress Natasha to suck her pussy.&nbsp; Mistress Natasha has bleached even her pubic hair which looks rather tacky as it is displayed for us to see.&nbsp; She also has some other instructions.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"While he is sucking me I also require a little something extra", she tells us with a nod towards my Mistress.&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Not his ass this time.&nbsp; As he sucks me Bird is going to hold his balls and cock to be whacked."&nbsp; Then she turns to Gabrielle, 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Perhaps you'll do that for us dear".
Gabrielle agrees, 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Certainly" and accepts a ruler from Mistress Natasha

While Jason has his head buried in Mistress Natasha's thighs Bird reaches under and supports his cock and balls.&nbsp; On the other side Gabrielle takes aim and smacks them with the ruler.&nbsp; She does not hit too quickly but develops a rhythm and each stroke has remarkable force.&nbsp; Bird is also in an unenviable position and I can see her hand redden as it takes some of the strokes.&nbsp; Obviously she dare not remove it though.&nbsp; Jason's cock and balls are red too and he must be in agony but he perseveres until Mistress Natasha has come.&nbsp; As he crawls back to Mistress Veronica you can see the shadow of the pain in his face.&nbsp; When he again sits beside his Mistress her concern for his cock is obvious.

His relief is short lived as again he is called, his time to face Gabrielle for Master Victor.&nbsp; Knowing that Gabrielle will try subtly to trip him the game starts fair.&nbsp; Then the little nudges that Gabrielle is giving him become more obvious.&nbsp; It is only when he starts pushing that there is any escalation.&nbsp; I am glad that it is the green dress and the same cheating tactics that are the downfall of Gabrielle as she sprawls across the game cloth.

She darts a look of supplication towards her Master but he does not interfere as she is told to lick Mistress Veronica. Mistress Veronica wants Gabrielle more exposed and I am secretly delighted that we are going to see some of this body. I am disappointed though, as she only opens the front of her dress for Mistress Veronica, all anyone can see is her back. After a few moments playing with Gabrielle's tits Mistress Veronica leans back and strips off her panties.&nbsp; Gabrielle neatly inserts her head and starts tonguing Mistress Veronica.&nbsp; We are treated to quite a show on her part, Mistress Veronica being by far he most vocal of the evening, screaming her orgasm for the world to hear.
 
After Mistress Veronica had been satisfied, my Mistress tells everybody.
 "Well I think we should be getting on to the main event tonight shouldn't we?" and receives nods and affirmations from the rest of the company. 
 "Let us tidy up here and we can continue."
 
Mistress Benny removes the twister game and the other guests finish their drinks and stretch themselves walking around.&nbsp; I see Mistress Natasha talking to Mistress Green and soon I am commanded to help Mistress Natasha.&nbsp; Bird and I crawl after Mistress Natasha to the toilet, and I fully expect to be used that way by this blonde sadistic mistress.&nbsp; Bird looks even more frightened then I, crying before we even get there.

When we arrive Mistress Natasha does not make any move towards using the toilet.&nbsp; She gets something from her large handbag with a power cable, and tells me to plug it in somewhere.&nbsp; Mystified I hurry to obey and the subsequent dialogue between Mistress Natasha and Bird clarifies her strange behaviour that evening.
 "I told you a maximum of 3 minutes per cock didn't I Bird?" Mistress Natasha starts.
 "Mistress please I tried,&nbsp; please, I beg humbly my Goddess to have mercy.&nbsp; I tried my utmost to get them to come quickly.&nbsp; Mistress I don't deserve your kind ministrations and know I am a worthless slut, but please take mercy on this piece of dirt Mistress."&nbsp; Bird is crying strongly now, some of her words muffled.
This does not stop Mistress Natasha who attaches wires coming from the box to each chain hanging from Birds pussy lips.
 "You fuck" I am addressed, "stand behind her and hold her wrists."
I take position behind Bird, away of how fragile and thin she appears in the tight latex dress.&nbsp; As I try to hold her wrists she jerks away from me.
 "You fucking shit Fuck" Mistress Natasha shouts at me "just hold her you cretin"
As I again try to hold bird's wrists I am again stymied as Bird struggles against me, the plastic of her short skirt covering her ass now pressed close and erotic to my crotch. 

Mistress Natasha now screams at me
 "Fuck you shit.&nbsp; Hold her you pathetic bitch.&nbsp; Even a worm like you should be able to hold this piece of excreta. You'll get a taste of my toy, and more if you don't hold her." Finally I manage to constrain Bird, her wrists behind her back clasped in my hands, pulled up so that the scratching nails cannot reach my genitals.

Now Mistress Natasha takes a step back and holds up the control to the box.&nbsp; She smiles at Bird and touches&nbsp; a button. Bird immediately screams her lungs out.&nbsp; A massive scream from the bottom of her soul.&nbsp; She tries to escape my hands with demonic fury and I desperately hold on.&nbsp; If she didn't struggle so hard I might have let go the scream is so loud and frightening.&nbsp; 

Several times Mistress Natasha touches a switch and the screaming stops, only to let bird catch her breath before the controls are once again set to hurt her.&nbsp; I am petrified at what is happening to this girl but am too scared of what Mistress Green would do to me to think of letting go.&nbsp; 

After several of these screaming sessions Mistress Natasha stoops to Bird's crotch and transfers one of the leads to my metal cock and ball holder.&nbsp; I am fearful but cannot do anything.&nbsp; Mistress Natasha steps back a long way and again presses the button.&nbsp; A terrible current courses through my balls from the little lead.&nbsp; My scream matches Bird,s and I release her wrists as I try to detach the electrode from my balls.&nbsp; I quickly remove the one from my testicle restraint and I see Bird screaming and struggling to remove hers.

When there is finally silence, Bird and I are both respectfully kneeling.&nbsp; I wonder if I am going to be punished for releasing Bird in my moment of weakness, but Mistress Natasha seems amused as she puts the device away.

Mistress Green leads us into another room in the house, a little procession of slaves crawling after their masters trying to avoid being trodden on by anybody else.

Mistress Green takes everybody to another room in the house featuring a large card table and six chairs in the middle, and various supports, chains and other appendages on the walls.&nbsp; Various cabinets contain other equipment some of which I can see, whips, dildos and other toys.&nbsp; The walls and floor are white tile which is a bit incongruous with the green baize card table.&nbsp; The six Masters and mistresses take their places round the table.&nbsp; The slaves all kneel with the exception of Gabrielle and Jason who stand or do as they please.

I hear the tinkle of chips being separated and cards opened and shuffled so it is obviously going to be some variation of gambling.&nbsp; This is confirmed by Mistress Green who tells everyone that they are playing Texas Hold Em.&nbsp; She also says that only the last in loser pays the penalty which sounds a little foreboding.&nbsp; Regretfully I cannot see the cards on the table from where I am sitting.

After pulling cards to decide the dealer play begins.&nbsp; I guess from the chatting that Master Victor is the dealer and Mistress Veronica is the first player.&nbsp; Squealing she announces,
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I'm in, and lets start the old fashioned way shall we?&nbsp; Whipping."&nbsp; I hear a chip thrown onto the table.
I begin to suspect that he bets are something to do with us slaves.&nbsp; The other players begin to call in or fold.&nbsp; Mistress Green is the first to fold while&nbsp; Mistress Benny prowls the edge of the table with a short black horse whip 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Up you get Fuck, and touch your toes" she instructs me.&nbsp; 
As I hastily stand up to obey while everyone watches me.&nbsp; I fell a sharp smack as the whip strikes my ass.&nbsp; Then I can kneel again.&nbsp; 

Each player that folds, and as well as surrendering chips also has their slave given the same one shot crack of Mistress Benny's whip.&nbsp; The best moment is when Master Victor folds and Gabrielle has to bend over for Mistress Benny's whip. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"On your ass Gabrielle" says Mistress Benny, commenting because Gabrielle has not raised her skirt.&nbsp; Gabrielle complies, and afterwards I see the colour raising in her cheeks.

Finally the only two players in are Mistress Veronica and Master George.&nbsp; Rather foolishly I think, since Mistress Veronica fairly transparently advertised that she had a good hand.&nbsp; Master George finally sees Mistress Veronica and loses his hand.&nbsp; The stakes have been slowly increasing to five, which I am not surprised means the number of strokes.

Harvey is pointed to one set of restraints and he shackles himself to the wall.&nbsp; He looks resigned rather more than scared and I am amazed at his composure.&nbsp; Mistress Veronica, as the winner, is presented with a long leather whip by Mistress Benny.&nbsp; Mistress Veronica is as enthusiastic with the whip as she is at everything else, though her enthusiasm does impede her execution of the winning bet, she rushes and the strokes come too close together for each to be effective.&nbsp; I begin to fear my visit to the wall.

As the game continues I learn that the last player pays rule applies to the abuse of the slave.&nbsp; All the other players lose chips, but it is only the last&nbsp; player that has their slave hurt.&nbsp; This is a relief since I am spared several beatings because Mistress Green is not the last to surrender chips.

The first player determines the type of the bet.&nbsp; Usually this is whipping, but anything seems to go.&nbsp; One round Master George calls for anal penetration width.&nbsp; The stakes increase in 1/4" increments.&nbsp; 

The final two players are Mistress Natasha and Master George&nbsp; This time Master George is the winner and he requests a 3 1/2 toy from Mistress Benny.&nbsp; Bird is strapped over a saw horse, the latex dress just lifted over her hips, her painful pussy ornaments dangling down her reddened thighs.&nbsp; Master George takes his time inserting the toy and bird gets increasingly desperate as she begs for mercy, for cessation of the pain, she pleads with her Mistress, but to no avail.&nbsp; The toy is slowly forced into her anus, stretching her anal sphincter past breaking point.&nbsp; As Master George forces the toy home Bird screams and screams and screams until Mistress Natasha silences her by stuffing her own panties in her slaves mouth.&nbsp; As the toy is removed by Mistress Benny I see blood drip from the obviously damaged anus of Bird who has difficulty crawling back to her position.

Kneeling at the table can see straight into Mistress Natasha's now knickerless crotch and she is particularly wet.&nbsp; Master George is also playing with a large erection.

Generally Master Victor and Mistress Veronica play conservatively, seldom winning much but not getting too involved.&nbsp; Master Enoch and my Mistress play better poker, or so I judge since Vicky and I are the two slaves least punished.&nbsp; Master George and Mistress Natasha are aggressive and play vigorously to the detriment of Bird and Harvey.

I have only suffered the penalty of the for folding, the one on the ass from Mistress Benny, when it comes down to just Master Enoch and Mistress Green in a round of genital caning.&nbsp; I am terrified when Mistress Green concedes at 10 strokes.&nbsp; I feel everybody watching me but force myself to crawl to the wall and chain myself into position.&nbsp; Master Enoch tells Vicky to hold my cock up so he can hit my balls and the abuse starts.

The first blow robs me of breathe and makes me grind my teeth.&nbsp; By 3 I am blinking tears from my eyes.&nbsp; Master Enoch is slow and steady, he does not hit Vicky's chubby hand once while castigating me.&nbsp; At 5 strokes I cry out and after the next I also start begging and pleading as much as Bird.&nbsp; After the ten my balls are on fire.&nbsp; With the abuse finished, attention returns to the card table and I carefully crawl back into position by my Mistress.&nbsp; She absent mindedly pats me on the head and it makes the pain a little more bearable to be comforted by the pat.

The game continues and everybody has tasted the whip at least once.&nbsp; Mistress Natasha and Master George with their flamboyant play have won and lost more times then most so Harvey and Bird are the worst among us slaves.&nbsp; I feel the whip too.&nbsp; Even Gabrielle and Jason have been beaten.&nbsp; Master Enoch when it is his turn to bet suggests
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Lets have an easy round.&nbsp; No folding, worst hand, piss pool."&nbsp; 
The players seated round the table laugh and relax a bit enjoying the change of pace.&nbsp; Nobody calls bets so the cards are quickly dealt and then with a lot of teasing and&nbsp; joking each player attempts to build the best hand.

Everybody laughs at Mistress Veronica because she has the best hand but does not realise the fact until someone points out she has a flush.&nbsp; After everybody has revealed the cards it appears that Master Victor is the loser with a random assortment of cards, the highest being an 8, everybody else managing at least a pair. 

Mistress Benny removes a long a plastic object where it had been stacked against the wall and I realise it is a large plastic bath.&nbsp; The piss pool bet now becomes obvious, as I guess that Gabrielle is going to covered in the players piss.&nbsp; She looks quite cool about it as she climbs into the bath though Master Victor looks a little sour.&nbsp; Master George immediately complains,
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Come on Victor, at least you can strip the slut." and after a moments pause Master Victor commands just that.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
I can finally enjoy the very good body of Gabrielle as she lets the green dress fall to the floor.&nbsp; She is wearing black stockings that enhance her long legs.&nbsp; She removes these and the suspender belt.&nbsp; Slipping off the high heels.&nbsp; She goes to remove her panties but Master Victor prevents her, earning dour looks from most of the players.

The remaining panties are green silk with little ties at the side and make Gabrielle look even more enticing.&nbsp; Dressed this way she climbs into the bath and lies down.

Starting with Master George all the players take turns spraying their urine over the beautiful Gabrielle.&nbsp; Standing or squatting.&nbsp; Her face and crotch get the most attention so her hair is totally wet and her panties stick to the outline of her pussy.&nbsp; The bath now has an inch or so slopping around as Gabrielle moves.&nbsp; 

After the players have finished I expect play to resume, but apparently all us slaves also have to release their bladders over Gabrielle.&nbsp; After her tactics in the twister game I am not surprised at the level of enjoyment of all of us slaves, just a tiny amount of revenge.&nbsp; 

I am the last to relieve myself, and I have quite a lot to give the slut lying in the bath.&nbsp; I stand over her and piss evenly over her crotch over her body and then over her face.&nbsp; She closes her mouth so I concentrate on squirting a stream straight towards her upper lip making it impossible for her to breath through her nose, and hopefully forcing her to open her mouth.&nbsp; Master Victor sees this tactic and tells me to point the stream elsewhere, regretfully I do.

We are all finished and everybody resumes their positions.&nbsp; Gabrielle stands up, the urine pouring down her body.&nbsp; Master victor requests a short break and a chance for Gabrielle to clean herself and Mistress agrees.&nbsp; She tells me to take Gabrielle to the bathroom.

it is strange to crawl with Gabrielle walking along behind.&nbsp; I take Gabrielle to the bathroom and she tells me to wait.&nbsp; The first thing she does is to drop her soaking panties to the floor.&nbsp; She then looks down at me and commands
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Put them in your mouth Fuck."
I hesitate not knowing whether I should obey or not, but then she forcefully remands me
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I rather think Mistress Green will beat you senseless if Master Victor asks her, and believe me, if I ask him, he would be only too glad to suggest it."
I realise that even as a slave she has that power over me, and fearing Mistress Green far more than the disgusting piss from the company hurry to obey her.&nbsp; It is cold which makes the strong urine smell even more pungent as I cram them in.&nbsp; Perhaps for my hesitation Gabrielle asks more
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Suck them dry Fuck, while I shower"
So I am forced to suck the piss from the panties and swallow it.&nbsp; The small consolation is seeing Gabrielle's trim little pussy as she washes.

Her shower is very fast, not wanting to keep the players waiting.&nbsp; I drop the panties at her feet.&nbsp; Not really dry, but certainly not sopping wet like they were before, most of the urine has gone.&nbsp; She smiles and says, 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"There is one person who hasn't gone to the toilet yet fuck," and gestures.&nbsp; Obviously she means herself, and I crawl over to her feet.&nbsp; I fasten my lips round her proud hairy mound and drink her golden pee.&nbsp; Finally she wraps herself in a towel and we return to the games room.

Master Enoch is the first to withdraw from the game.&nbsp; He has a run of bad luck and Vicky gets beaten quite comprehensively, on her back and buttocks, and also on her thighs and breasts.&nbsp; Some of her clothing has been removed leaving the tight leather straps that contain her roly poly body.&nbsp; The various torments have left some livid red welts on the rolls of her flesh.&nbsp; Finally she cannot stand&nbsp; it any longer and starts begging at the table for Master Enoch to stop and obviously her pleas are heeded. 

I have been beaten too, and my balls ache beyond belief but I am more scared of what Mistress Green would do to me if I tried the same performance as Vicky&nbsp; Looking around I guess that Bird and Harvey would also find deaf ears for their plight.&nbsp; Jason and Gabrielle are more favoured, but then Master Victor and Mistress Veronica play so carefully that neither has suffered much.

I sense the night is winding down, but strangely that seems to make the atmosphere more tense.&nbsp; I find out why when Master George announces,
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Well lets us make this the last round of the night shall we?&nbsp; The all in round." 
He smiles broadly at this and Mistress Natasha joins him in the laugh.&nbsp; Mistress Veronica titters.

The cards are dealt.&nbsp; Master George looks at his a moment and smiling says,
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes I am all in."
Harvey looks particularly distressed, already well beaten he goes abnormally white.&nbsp; Next Mistress Veronica looking at her cards quickly folds them. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"No I am out" and Jason gets the last blow to his buttocks.
Master Enoch has already pulled out of the game and so all attention turns to my Mistress and covertly to me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Since this is, Fuck, the first time, I think you had better explain the bet Green." George says smiling at me.&nbsp; I feel very cold inside at the smile of this sadistic man.

Mistress Green turns to me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Well Fuck.&nbsp; This is the last round of the night and the traditional bet is all in.&nbsp; The penalty for this is well understood.&nbsp; The last loser has their slave castrated and cauterized, or in the case of a girl."&nbsp; Here she looks quickly at Bird. "The removal of one nipple.&nbsp; Do you understand?"
My mind is racing.&nbsp; Several times Mistress Green has proposed this punishment, heavily hinting that this is the ultimate punishment and that without my genitals I would be useless to her and disposable.&nbsp; I am so sick I do not know what to do.&nbsp; Everybody's eyes are on me.&nbsp; I understand that I am being offered a choice, I can use this opportunity to to beg Mistress Green to fold, and it would have to be the most humble self effacing pleading I had ever managed; coupled with the almost certain severe punishment if she even agreed to pull out; versus effectively letting her gamble my cock on her ability.

Both possibilities look equally bleak, but the certainty of the punishment if I try to persuade Mistress to fold this hand decides me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Mistress yes Mistress" I numbly say. 
This is greeted by general laughter from the players, more from the release of tension then any humour.

Master Victor next in turn folds without even looking at her cards.&nbsp; The only player remaining is Mistress Natasha and she very carefully examines her cards.&nbsp; I suddenly realise, not having connected them just previously the source of the mutilation on Bird's breast.&nbsp; Mistress Natasha has already lost an all in bet one time, and the missing nipple is Bird's sacrifice.

Bird also flushes like Harvey, going dead white.&nbsp; She however does something about it, and starts supplicating herself to Mistress Natasha.&nbsp; As Bird begs the colour rises in the cheeks of Mistress Natasha.&nbsp; Mistress Natasha is getting angry, her lips become firmly pressed together and her eyes narrow. I feel that Bird's begging is counter productive as in her anger Mistress Natasha is liable to bet just to spite Bird.&nbsp; On one hand I feel pity for the abused Bird, on the other I wish that Natasha does bet since the final loser would not be Mistress Green but Mistress Natasha and my cock and balls, and possibly life, would be as safe as before.

Finally Mistress Natasha cannot bear Bird's begging any longer and lashes out with her hand and verbally, slashing her hand over Bird's cheeks, one way and the other.&nbsp; A torrent of abuse being heaped on the girl.&nbsp; Everybody watches the display to some level of amusement.

Finally leaving the sobbing Bird prostate on the floor Mistress Natasha returns to the table.&nbsp; She picks up the requisite chip and toys with it for a moment before declaring she folds.&nbsp; Mistress Benny advances on Bird with the whip who bounces up and presents her backside for the blow.&nbsp; Clearly Bird is relieved she is not in the game and liable to lose her remaining nipple, though I think that Mistress Natasha's retribution might be worse.

My attention cannot wonder as I return to my own predicament.&nbsp; There are only two players remaining, Master George and Mistress Green.&nbsp; The cards are turned slowly.&nbsp; I cannot see them but feel the tension mount.&nbsp; Various players make comments but I am unable to determine the progress of the round.

The tension reaches it's climax as Master George reveals his cards, grinning at me broadly, and savouring the gasps and praise from the other players as he reveals a full house.&nbsp; My sight suddenly constricts, leaving a black tunnel.&nbsp; I feel physically sick, my mind a blank refusing to accept the possibility of the pain and anguish of losing my penis and testicles.&nbsp; My hands cup them holding them close despite their aches, fixated on their presence.

The laughter and praise die away a little as Mistress Green remains calm, and Master George begins to lose his smile too.&nbsp; She has not yet turned over her cards.&nbsp; The blood that had returned to Harvey's cheeks begins to drain away again as Mistress Green slowly flips her cards onto the table.

Amazingly there is another round of gasps and praise, this time directed at Mistress Green.&nbsp; She has a better hand, a royal flush!&nbsp; My own tension drains away and I can breathe again while Master George looks annoyed, and Harvey begins a high pitched keening.

It takes the combined efforts of Mistress Benny and Master's Enoch and Victor to force Harvey into the wall cuffs.&nbsp; Harvey desperately begs and pleads but this has no effect.&nbsp; Only Mistress Veronica looks a little squeamish and hides herself in Jason's arms.

Mistress Benny then presents Mistress Green with a large butcher's knife.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"For the trophy mistress"
The bright metal of the knife emphasizes it's weight and length, and, hopefully for Harvey its sharpness.&nbsp; She also collects a couple of glass bottles from a cabinet.&nbsp; One is only filled with a clear liquid, while something floats in the other, and Mistress Green shows it to Mistress Natasha.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"A souvenir from last time" and I realise that this is Bird's other nipple.&nbsp; The bottled nipple gets passed around as everybody chooses a spot to watch the castration.

Mistress Green toys with the knife for a time, and then presents it to Master George.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Do you want to do the honours George?"
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Sure, love to he replies, acting cool and confident, trying to put his loss of the game behind him.
Mistress Green continues,
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"But I'd like Fuck to hold Harvey's cock in his mouth as you make the incision.&nbsp; If only to prevent a mess."&nbsp; 
She says this wryly as we can all see that Harvey is so scared he has lost his bladder control and pooled a little on the floor.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Excellent idea" says Master George, "though in this case I think a pair of pruning scissors would be easier unless you want Fucks nose removed as well."
Mistress Benny changes the article for the operation from the gleaming knife to a much more prosaic and wicked looking pair of garden scissors.&nbsp; I think the change is as much to do with Master George's sadistic personality then any practical reason because he can control the severing so much more slowly and carefully with the scissors.

He brusquely motions for me to take my position.&nbsp; I crawl over and take Harvey's genitals in my mouth.&nbsp; Harvey begins to intersperse his futile begging for mercy with verbal abuse aimed at me.&nbsp; I try to ignore not only his cries but the whole position that sickens and frightens me.&nbsp; I have to pull the member away from Harvey's body and I feel and smell the cold steel as Master George positions the cutters.

Harvey is now screaming openly and loudly at the situation and I feel my mouth flood with his urine as he loses the last vestiges of his control.&nbsp; His screams and struggles rise to a higher level as I sense the cutters begin their slow closing.&nbsp; I am intimately connected to this event as I feel his cock pulse with the life blood that is soon to be removed from its veins.&nbsp; I have swallowed the piss, but I then I feel another warm liquid drip onto my chin and as the metallic smell hits me I realise it is Harvey's blood spurting from the wound.&nbsp; 

It is a horrible feeling to sense the slow detachment of Harvey's manhood as the cut lengthens and I can pull away further.&nbsp; Finally the last connection of skin is severed and my head jerks back, the remainder of his cock and balls in my mouth, now with the taste of blood.&nbsp; 

Straight ahead of me I see the cavity that is all that remains of Harvey's groin, the blood pumping freely down his leg.&nbsp; From the side Mistress Benny pushes me away and presses a red hot iron against Harvey's crotch.&nbsp; The pain is too much for Harvey who faints, relieving us of his screams.

Suddenly I am even more aware that I am holding what were his sex organs in my mouth.&nbsp; I nearly puke, but Mistress Benny is holding out a hand and so I can quickly relinquish them.&nbsp; She tells Mistress green that she will clean them and bottle them, but before that happens everybody passes them around as a perverse souvenir of the event.

The guests depart taking their slaves with them though I do not see Harvey leave with Master George.&nbsp; Mistress Green and Mistress Benny retire and&nbsp; I crawl back to my pallet emotionally exhausted from the evening, despairing of my existence, to lock myself onto the weight.

---
Postscript: author's note
---
You can guess from this I have never played poker!&nbsp; If you would like to contribute a little, and gain a dedication on the next chapter; then please send me some example hands that fit in with the different rounds detailed in this chapter.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  John {John2} Davies


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





