BDSM Library - Mon Evolution




Mon Evolution
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A tale of female sexual awakening that is semi biographical, all except for the grand finale.(I wish!)Mon Evolution   
It was a slow night at the bar, I only had the two regulars sitting there
  with their hands hugging drinks, one man in his fifties on the way to being
  blind drunk and the other a man in his thirties who had just recently witnessed
  his wife taking all her belongings just before telling him to 'Go fuck himself'
  after ten years of marriage. Oh yes, I knew all their stories, at the ripe
  old age of seventeen going on eighteen. I had to lie about my age to get the
  easy job being a bartender at this small seedy nightclub. It paid well. All
  my other friends were slaving in offices, or still being raised by their parents,
  we were all nearing the end of the decadent era that was the Eighties. It was
  1988. The music was blaring, live and wondrous. The nightclub was one of the
  only few that specialized in cabaret singing, where the women clad in elegant
  body hugging gowns would finish their song numbers and then wade through the
  crowd before opting to sit and 'converse' with another wealthy male patron
  who was looking for the momentary elevation in status, for bagging a glamorous
  singer &ndash; who would possibly give the ultimate blow job &ndash; was the
  ultimate macho act to the man's peers.  
On the weekends, the Friday and Saturday nights, the younger crowd came and
  the girls and myself would view the younger merchandise. It was a novelty to
  us, we usually had the elder clientele during the week which consisted mainly
  of men that were more senior as well as men that were already attached to wives
  and children &ndash; something that we didn't want to pollute ourselves with.
  It was not the aspect of contamination that scared us, but the realization
  of coming last in every aspect and we were young and bratty when it came to
  our conquests, well they were I pretty much worked for the nice pay packet
  it gave me. I knew that a nightclub was not the ideal place to meet a nice
  male, especially one that was a meat market or which offered sex to the highest
  bidder. These men came in here for the fantasy of attaining crimson-lipped
  sexually available goddess. Sure the goddess would look like a train ran over
  her during the daylight hours, but in the evening the night-children came out
  to play.  
I was technical virgin at 17, amongst the girls, not that it mattered because
  back then the main impetus behind my job selection related to the money it
  would make me so I could pay the rent and have money left over for the niceties.
  Lingerie was my favorite pastime, although I never got to use it with a special
  person, feeling the texture of underwear gave me an added thrill for I would
  fantasize what another man would feel had he and I entered into that hot sexual
  arena. At 16 my fantasies were played out in staid playing fields. Sure there
  would be the bonus of the man going down on me, lapping me up with his mouth,
  but whether or not I would suck his cock that was another matter entirely.
  The thought did not repulse me; let's just say that I was a complete novice
  in the fellatio department. Feeling a cock inside me, now that was the centerpiece
  of the fantasy. So the ideal sexual male-female fantasy with me as the star
  would begin with the moment I see the man, he would see me. There would be
  attraction and at some point our tongues would intertwine, we would get naked
  and it would all ultimately end in his wet thrusting inside my aroused vagina.
  This would satisfy 'Fantasy' me, and he would be immensely turned on. We would
  both have an orgasm, hopefully simultaneously, but this was not essential because
  the thrill of the sexual journey was exciting in itself to my mind.  
Each night I would get myself ready for work and hair was big in the Eighties.
  My hair, although at this time I know it resembled that of a sheep, underwent
  the body wave permanent. The gentle permanent wave transformed my long hair
  into masses of curls, which were I had difficulty in taming at the best of
  times. My face was my best feature, which I can describe as symmetrical rather
  than pretty &ndash; I don't want to come across as an egotistical female. As
  I had the advantage of full lips without the need for collagen, I would really
  focus on this feature painting them in deeply rich reds and browns. If I had
  a dollar for each time a man drooled over my mouth I'd be lounging in a chair
  in the Bahamas sipping a Pina Colada. The dark and exotic look was me personified,
  but exotic could also go for the attitude I had.  
'No I don't want your phone number, I don't mix business with pleasure.'
  Was the standard reply I would give to interested males.  
I was more statuesque than diminutive, thus I didn't fulfill the meek and
  dainty female image that many men would go for. My breasts could poke the eyes
  out of many males behind the bar where I stood night upon night, and my limbs
  were sturdier. The term stick insect, made famous in the Nineties, was something
  that could never describe me.  
My sexual thoughts took on a new meaning as I opened up Men In Love by Nancy
  Friday one afternoon as I lay in the bath. I bought the book on a whim as the
  cover interested me in the same way Shere Hites' report on female sexuality
  did, but this tome focused on the fantasies men were supposed to have. I was
  soaking in the suds as I dipped in and out of various sections and finally
  came upon the chapter titled 'Chains of Love'. It piqued my interest, chains
  usually bind people and the term in itself can be taken in any way. Love binding
  people together like a chain? A chain binding the person? What was it? So I
  entered the chapter, and began to read.  
There was something voyeuristic about reading another man's sexual fantasy,
  and there was Ms Friday in the introduction trying to balance it all. Of course
  'she' was not a voyeur, and yes there were many times that she felt the urge
  to wash her hands as she held the letters that were submitted to her. But at
  that very moment as I read about the desire to have a woman kneel on her knees
  begging to be punished for being naughty, and subsequently being fucked anally
  as her punishment, the synapses in my mind were firing and my pulse did increase.
  In my bedroom, after drying myself I decided to make a coffee and return to
  the bedroom to relax some more on my day off and head into the next fantasy.
  After the first sip of mocha Kenya, this woman woke up to find herself in a
  different environment &ndash; bound, blindfolded and gagged. In between her
  legs was the mouth of the man describing the fantasy. She could only have an
  orgasm under his control and nothing else. If she had begged for one, he had
  the option to stop licking her wet pussy and tell her what a bratty little
  slut she was. Then again he could also apply a few clothes pegs to her nipples
  and watch her squirm. I found myself getting wet as I read on. As his three
  fingers harshly finger fucked her, I couldn't hold back and began. One finger
  traced over my outer labia, and I noticed how moist I was. Making it's way
  to the inner labia; my middle finger ran up and down from hole to clitoris
  as I read. I have to say I could have been the insolent brat myself, I could
  not wait as plunged two of my fingers inside my cunt and thrust them in and
  out. The book was tossed to one side, I got up on my knees, spread my legs
  apart, one hand grasping the bed-head as I faced the wall. Two fingers became
  three as I fucked myself while imagining being screwed in this very manner
  and being reprimanded for being an ungrateful little whore as I was fucked
  and tormented at the same time, having my nipples pinched or having an object
  inserted in my ass. My sticky juices flooded all over my mound and I liked
  the feel of the wetness, at intervals I used my fingers to spread my fluid
  all over my pussy. The ultimate moment came when my fingers glided with little
  friction over my throbbing clitoris and I felt my whole cunt contract, from
  clitoris to vagina. It was at this moment that I thought that I simply had
  to be fucked in this way, to be able to demand to be fucked in this way and
  at the same time have a person be comfortable enough to be harsh in order to
  screw me senselessly in this very manner. Who was Ms Friday kidding? I began
  to think that she too must have orgasmed many times as she read through the
  hot fantasies that were mailed to her. She may have palmed it all off as 'innocent'
  research, but that did not fool me. After reading the 'Women with Women' section,
  I did wonder what it would be like putting someone like Nancy in a corner,
  and pawing over her like a lioness readying before the kill, except that moment
  for me entailed little Miss Nancy succumbing to her inner sexual urges and
  screaming so loud as I too finger fucked her to climax just as I had done to
  myself before.  
'Yes Ms Pedestal, your too good to be dirty, slut.' I murmured as I re-read
  the book introduction.  
It was a momentous occasion for me, I was now 17 going on 18 and I lived
  independently as many single people did in the city of Sydney, with two room-mates &ndash;one
  male and one female a couple of years older than myself, who I did not see
  all the time. Being the night owl myself we hardly crossed paths frequently
  and as they had their ongoing steady relationships, they were frequently doing
  what other steady couples usually did. I have to say that I did feel a little
  bit dirty, and many questions were running through my head. Uncertain to what
  was lurking within me, all I knew was that it was not conventional, and it
  certainly did not resemble anything that was portrayed in the standard romance
  novels that I had come across. It also went against my family orientated culture
  that preached toward the line of one day getting married, living happily ever
  after and being in the 'blessedly' nice sexual union with the knight that would
  eventually be the husband who would treat me in a nice gentle manner. Yet,
  I had found myself thinking of having the dirtiest sex, if sex can be described
  as 'dirty' metaphorically. If standard coitus could be described as a sport,
  then the fantasies that were jumping inside my mind could be classified as
  'extreme' coitus.  
Seeking out this hot little urge was the next step, and ideally it would
  have been a piece of cake had I accepted the many offers that were presented
  to me each and every night at work, however a roll in the backseat of someone's
  car did not appeal and I had to seek alternatives. No one could know, as it
  would also make things difficult if my sexual dalliances were 'known' the nightclub
  over, and I did take my work seriously as I became elevated to the position
  of bar manager to three bars within the nightclub.  
My work became more demanding, it was not just serving clients at the bars
  itself, but we also had a dining room capacity for 400 people. We had 10 waiters
  in total, on weekends this number would increase as bus boys were hired casually
  to empty ash trays. The club in itself was sophisticated but not targeted to
  the upper echelons of society. Tables were arranged nicely, so patrons had
  room to move. Upon walking into the club, after walking through a short entry
  foyer, a patron would encounter the first bar to the left, which was L shaped
  and had bar stools and lounges. This bar was cordoned off by a carved wooden
  partition that had large gaps carved out so people could view the entire expanse
  of the club, including the central dance floor and stage.  
If a patron did not want to stand at the bar, and came with their own party,
  they would either be ushered to a previously booked table on the lower 'ground'
  level, tables of which were arranged around a rectangular dance floor/stage.
  They also had the option to be seated in an elevated table section, which only
  involved stepping over three or four steps. This section gave the best view
  of the club and on this level was a smaller bar in the center, which only provided
  bottled beverages, waiters would be served their bottles of champagne, wine
  or spirits. Walking through still, if one walked through the foyer, bypassed
  the first bar on the right, and the elevated table section on the immediate
  left, they would come upon the 'ground' level tables, they would then turn
  left, walk the aisle, straight ahead and then if they turned right they would
  have passed all the ground tables and have come across the three or four steps
  which led to my bar, which focused on servicing waiters. This bar was the most
  chaotic, as it functioned to serve only mixed drinks, beer, ice buckets, water
  and offer the occasional glass replacement should a patron break a glass or
  provide glassware in the situation a waiter did not have time to fully re-set
  a table. This area was on the same level as the previous elevated tables, but
  one entire side was devoted to staff, it was where we ate breakfast or had
  afternoon coffee before we would commence work for the evening. Straight behind
  us, if one walked on, was the kitchen, which we coined the 'pit' as one would
  have to walk down a level to get to it, and we could only communicate with
  the kitchen staff through an open long slit. As we would order our dinner or
  breakfast, the kitchen staff would peer through the elongated window and look
  up at us.  
Each evening presented me with hours of fun of being in control, and I am
  being sarcastic when I say that, as it was no fun dealing with European waiters
  who could be very chauvinistic. There might also be a correlation between spending
  hours in control and having the urge for someone to take complete control of
  me now that I think of it, but that did not enter my mind at the time, as I
  had to avoid patron complaints and make sure that waiters did their job when
  it came to beverage service. So my nights at work were work orientated, no
  time for fantasies even when the occasional derogatory comment would surface
  from a waiter I would admonish.  
'You wouldn't say that to me if I was alone with you bitch.  '
  Would be the remark I would have directed to me if I referred to their forgetfulness
  when it came to issuing out the correct table bill. I never had time to challenge
  such comments, nor did I want to, the last thing I needed in my face each day
  was a male waiter in expectation of a regular blowjob or fuck.  
Another day off came along, and I looked forward to it with relish as the
  previous week had been hectic with a new shipment of cabaret singers, we had
  a full house almost every night, and that together with my continual sexual
  dry spell made me itch to no end. My work was situated in a very open minded
  neighborhood that featured people from various sexual persuasions, it was not
  unusual to walk down the main strip and see men holding hands with women, or
  vice versa. There was also a rise in gay pubs, where one could see the most
  recent drag-headlining act. Of course the area also featured its fair share
  of nouveau restaurants, cafes and bookstores. The fact that a major university
  was a walk away also meant that university students frequented each and every
  place. At that particular time, we also had one sex shop on the strip and further
  down, bordering on the next suburb was an adult theatre that had been there
  since I was knee high to a grasshopper. It was called 'Hub', and was clandestine
  meeting place for men to watch porn and live acts-, which did intrigue me.
  So on this particular day off I decided to make my way to watch an adult feature
  film or two, something I had not done in over a year since I discovered a trove
  of videos one of my room mates had kept hidden and had I known what was to
  unfold, I ask myself even now whether I would have willingly walked through
  the threshold of sexual depravity, not that I find anything depraved, I just
  like the very word itself as it's so deliciously naughty.  
Clad in the simplest of clothes, I chose to wear my matching black lace underwear
  underneath a long denim skirt and light white cotton sleeveless blouse. Free
  from the need to apply makeup to pretty myself up, I swept my curly near frizz
  hair into a ponytail and made my way out of the house for the daily walk. My
  heart was thudding inside my chest with the knowledge of where I was heading,
  but that added to the excitement of everything. It was sure nice to read others'
  sexual fantasies and other exploits but there were periods where one had to
  take one step forward in order to kick-start their own sexual evolution.  
After walking for ten or fifteen minutes, I noticed that the time was nearing
  four in the afternoon and I quickened my stride, as there was uncertainty.
  Would I miss any main adult features? There were no screenings listed in the
  newspaper for this little picture theatre which was now a heritage listed building,
  ironic considering the salacious fare it screened day in and day out seven
  days a week. I found myself standing in front of the burlesque type theatre
  front, nobody could be seen exiting and there I was as peak hour traffic was
  zooming past. With no further thought concerning the possibilities of being
  seen, I climbed the three steps and found myself standing in front of the box
  office which was surprisingly manned by an older woman, in her fifties, she
  merely sat there dragging a cigarette eyeing me like a regular.  
'That will be ten dollars.' She stated without any further fuss. There was
  no request to check my I.D, there was no frown etched between her brows that
  expressed disapproval of any form. I handed her the ten and turned to walk
  up the red-carpeted stairway and into the darkened den of the unknown.  
Plumes of pastel lilac smoke whirled in the air; these cloudlike forms came
  from the cigarettes patrons were sucking on as they watched a naked form gyrating
  on the stage. Quarter filled, the cinema still appeared cozy, perhaps too cozy
  for I had to locate an appropriate seat and the mainly male clientele was evenly
  dispersed amongst the rows. Scanning the scene quickly, I opted to stay away
  from the older gentry and headed to the right, away from the center seats and
  to my right were two men that appeared to be at least ten years older than
  myself. Three rows behind them was my ideal seat and sans popcorn or any confectionery
  of any type, I sat my ass down and was amazed that I had made it this far.
  My mind was whirling, not due to the naked stripper who now faced the patrons
  with her legs spread open, but over the mere fact that I finally developed
  the nerve to walk into a place like this without any moral support. As for
  what could occur? That thought never crossed my mind.  
The girl on stage appeared to be a little older than me from the distance,
  as she writhed on the stage floor she replaced her trusty fingers with a vibrator
  of a metallic shade, which glinted as it caught the sole stage light that illuminated
  her. Once again facing the men, some of which groaned, she began to play in
  a tormenting fashion. Ever so slowly she rubbed it outside her pussy, taunting
  the patrons all the more as she began to focus on her clit. Her pose was typically
  porno, hand on vibe and free hand stroking one breast, her hips began to gyrate
  up and down, it reminded me of watching Aerobics with Jane Fonda as she thrust
  her pelvis upward and brought it down.  
'Fuck that cunt!' Yelled a member of the audience.  
I began to find the whole spectacle erotic, watching her play with herself
  was arousing to me yet at the same time I found it a humiliating experience
  for the girl. These two sensations conflicted within me as I felt dampness
  in my crotch was increasing by the second. The two men three rows down from
  me sat four seats apart and their eyes were glued to the girl. I sat nearer
  to the wall, far away from the aisle, which gave me an adequate view of both
  men, who appeared adequately groomed. They did not exhibit the youthful look
  that a man would have in his early twenties, so I placed them somewhere within
  their thirties. Both wore buttoned shirts, perhaps they placed their ties in
  their pockets? They could have stepped out of the office for lunch for all
  that I could tell. Something directed my eyes back onto the stage, that something
  was the movement of another figure.  
The girl smiled at the man that was kneeling next to her. Her legs opened
  wider as he gaped in awe. His arousal was evident as his trousers were bulging
  and this bulge was straining against the fabric of his trousers. Young and
  nubile, the girl was angular yet well developed. Her breasts were ample without
  any obvious surgical enhancement. Dark brown nipples glared back at the man
  and the girl pinched one for good measure, to indicate how hard they could
  become. Legs splayed open, her eyes maintained contact with the man as she
  plunged her toy into her opening. Inch by inch it penetrated her, and the man
  could not help diverting his gaze to her crotch. His mouth opened into a lazy
  smile, one that is reminiscent of a satyr eyeing his prey. As I watched, I
  was stunned by my own reaction. My eyes quickly scanned the cinema to see that
  everyone was mesmerized by what was occurring between these two people on stage.
  She developed a steady rhythm as she fucked herself with her vibrator, tossing
  her head back to indicate that she was enjoying the ride. Pushing the toy all
  the way inside her pussy, the girl left it there and cocked her head at the
  man, nodding toward the vibrator that buzzed within her. He understood the
  prompt and without any interruption he placed his hand on her cunt and fished
  the toy out only to get a firm grip and take up where she had left off.  
'You like this don't you slut?' He asked of her.  
She nodded as she spread her legs wider apart.  
'You want me to fuck you?' He confidently asked.  
A Cheshire grin spanned her face.  
This was something I only read about, or would be something that no one in
  my circle would believe &ndash; no female in any case. If any of my female
  friends knew of this moment they would shake their heads in disbelief and disgust.
  How could a woman allow herself to be treated in this very manner? Was it not
  humiliating for a man to visit this type of place let alone get it on with
  a mere whore on stage? These would be the questions I would be bombarded with
  if I revealed my recent escapade so I opted for it to remain a delicious secret.
  So I reclined back into my seat as my hand snaked underneath my skirt. My fingers
  stroked my crotch, which was now sodden with my own juices.  
Did I find it exciting being humiliated or did I want a man to fuck me in
  this very manner? I was uncertain, but inside me I knew that I found the 'edge'
  of it all very exciting.  
What began, as a slow rhythm now became a furious one as the girl was yelling
  to be fucked harder. She ordered the man to fuck her and if he could fuck her
  adequately, she could find someone else in the audience who could. He could
  only smile as he stopped mid-fuck and suddenly rammed the vibrator hard.  
'Aaaaaaaaaaaarggggggggggggh.' Yelped the girl.  
My heart caught within my chest. Was she hurt?  
'I'll fuck your cunt, whore!' He growled.  
He turned her to face the audience directly and prized her legs wider so
  as to display the whole scene. Crouching on his knees, his hands went to his
  hips as he unbuckled and pulled his belt off. The girl did not move, nor did
  she scream. A sly smirk appeared on her face, her eyes appeared to be daring
  him.  
Pushing her arms up above her head as she lay, he looped his leather belt
  around her arms, three times and secured the notch. Her arms held in place,
  she lay on her back, as her pussy was an open display to all. His hand traveled
  to her pussy; clasping the vibrator with one hand he began a rough deep rhythm.
  Piston-like, he rammed her for what appeared to be a lengthy period of time.
  Her wails were heard yet she did not struggle.  
'You like it this way, yes or no?' He demanded.  
Her pelvis thrust upward, as if to ask for more except he did not oblige.  
'Answer bitch!'  
' Yessssss!'  Came the throaty reply.  
My fingers found their way underneath my panties at this point, stroking
  my clitoris in a slow fashion. I was enjoying this display and yes I wanted
  this man to fuck her to oblivion just so I could see hear her scream, so I
  could cum.  
He ignored her reply, ignored the vibrator that was still nestled within
  the confines of her pussy and proceeded to unzip his trousers.  
'Are you going to suck me slut?' He asked menacingly.  
There was silence.  
'I said&hellip; Are you going to suck me!?'  
No response.  
'Ah then little Miss Slut doesn't get her reward.' He curtly stated as he
  removed the vibrator from her snug hole.  
'Aowwwwwwwwwwwww.' She mewled.  
'Suck me bitch, now!' He ordered as he slapped his erect cock against her
  mouth.  
Her mouth opened but could not get a decent hold on the head of his penis;
  it was as though he had planned it this way. She raised her head slightly and
  opened her lips wide in an attempt to grab his thick shaft all to no avail
  as he sat on kneeled and smiled at the audience.  
'Let's make it hard for her shall we?' He suggested.  
All at once there was a titter of applause from the small audience, including
  the two men three rows in front of me. I felt vulnerable and reclined further
  back into my chair. So many thoughts raced through my mind, the primary thought
  being one related to my stupidity. There was a risk that he could notice I
  was the only other female in the place. What was the possibility he could goad
  the audience further? There were no ushers within the cinema and no one came
  to monitor what had taken place up to this point. But here I was aroused by
  her humiliation and I wanted to alleviate my arousal by fingering myself silly.
  If one of the gentlemen ahead of me touched me at this point in time I would
  have responded automatically.  
Cock-slapped numerous times across her mouth and cheeks, she did not back
  down and continued in her attempt to grab hold of his shaft. Seconds elapsed
  and the man on center stage decided to appease her. Holding his cock with one
  hand he slowly rubbed the head of his penis over her lips, all the while gazing
  down at her supine form. The girl licked her lips and opened wide. Within minutes
  she was slowly taking his cock into her ready mouth and began to suck him rhythmically.  
'Yesssssss. You suck so well, everyone in here can benefit.' He slurred.  
As she slurped on his penis, his hand dived between her legs.  
'Oh yeah&hellip;' His voice trailed off as he slid two fingers deep inside
  her. His hand twisted and turned as his fingers were buried deep. As his fingers
  exited, they trailed down further and slowly fondled her anus. His pelvis was
  slowly thrusting into her mouth as his fingers slowly entered her ass, his
  thumb lazily stroking her clit.  
I did not want to cum at this point although my fingers were sliding all
  around my pussy, with full awareness that one stroke on my swollen clit would
  bring me to a climax. Instead I stuck two fingers inside my pussy and slowly
  moved them in and out as I watched the man simultaneously work the girls cunt
  and ass.  
'Fuck her! Fuck her ass!' Came the call from someone in one of the front
  rows.  
The two men ahead of me were smiling, and I could not help but notice that
  their hands were in motion. They were stroking themselves just as I was stroking
  myself. We were all wrapped up in a sexual heat; we all wanted her to be screwed
  silly. Everyone wanted to see her come undone by the stranger on stage that
  was still fucking her mouth.  
The man slipped out of her mouth and untied her arms. With one swift movement
  he lifted her upward and directed her to her knees. Positioning her diagonally
  in relation to the stage, we all got a side view of her well-rounded ass. Both
  of her hands were flat in front of her as he opened up her buttocks with both
  hands.  
'What do you want hussy?' Came the question.  
'I want your cock in my ass.' She replied in a perfectly audible voice.  
He smiled and slowly plunged his engorged member into her ass-hole. Her face
  contorted as his cock fully disappeared within her. Beginning with a slow and
  rhythmic movement, he did not pull out as he penetrated her. Inside her deeply,
  he rotated his hips as she began to moan.  
'Oh yes, fuck me you bastard&hellip;' She moaned.  
His hand wrapped around her hair and pulled her head backward. Pulling out
  halfway, he slammed his cock into her ass hard. She yelped loudly for all of
  us to hear.  
'You give it to her!' Yelled another patron.  
I wanted to cum, my fingers were soaked with my moisture. At this point I
  could feel the skin of my fingers crinkling up from the wetness. Most of all
  I wanted to be nailed in any possible way. Hard, soft, fast or slow, I just
  wanted to feel something inside me other than my fingers and that thought appeared
  to take on a new momentum.  
'Shhhhhhhh.' came to my left ear, from the left hand side.  
I looked forward and noticed that one of the men ahead of me was missing.
  My pulse suddenly quickened as I slowly turned my head around.  
The man looked directly at me as he slowly walked side on through the seats
  toward my seat. He was tall, much taller than I expected and well proportioned.
  His hair was cropped short and brown, his eyes were dark but then again in
  a cinema everyone's eyes would appear dark from a three-seat distance. My hand
  jerked out of my pussy and out from under my skirt. He smiled.  
'You want to come with me?' He whispered.  
He was just as aroused as what I was, that was obvious. Thoughts collided
  inside my brain. Possibilities, risks and sex twirled inside my mind.  
There was no need to answer; I just raised my body up without paying attention.
  It was reflex. He turned and began walking. I followed.  
Where was he leading me? It was too late to back out although I could have
  made for the illuminated exit sign. That was the direction we were heading
  toward, which had me stumped. Once out of the smoky theatre, I followed his
  fine form to the door labeled "Men".  
I realized I was in the men's toilet the second the door clicked shut. The
  cool air within jerked at my senses.  
'Get up against the wall.' My guide ordered.  
I did not argue.  
He raised my hands and planted my palms flat against the white tiles.  
'Spread your legs woman.'  
I did just that as my heart rivaled the revs on a Lamborghini.  
'Girls like you beg for it, coming into a strip theatre. Begging to be fucked!'
  He growled against my neck. His warm breath tickled the downy hairs on my neck.
  My cunt was still sodden, I was alone with a strange man and yes I wanted to
  experience the very same humiliation and sex that the girl on stage did. Or
  did I? I wavered between these two extremes as my stranger roughly raised my
  skirt and bunched it around my hips.  
'Take it off bitch.' He ordered.  
He took a step back to watch me fumble with my skirt. Tears stung my eyes
  as I unzipped myself and stepped out of it. My shirt then followed.  
'And your panties. I want to see your ass and pussy.' He added nonchalantly.  
There was no mirror handy for me to see whether my face reddened at this
  very demand.  
I was paralyzed as all my physical senses crashed together. My knees were
  trembling, as they usually did when arousal was high but at this moment I could
  not tell.  
'Hmmmmmmph!' He groaned as I felt both of his hands on my ass, he tore through
  my panties and whisked them off.  
My breath caught within my chest as he grasped my ass and began to grip my
  buttocks fiercely.  
'You think she was fucked? Wait until I'm through with you.' He snarled.  
He pushed me up against the wall. My assumption was correct, he wanted me
  to have my palms against the tile and legs spread wide. As my back faced his,
  I could not see what he was doing but I felt his arm on mine, bringing it down
  and around my back. He then did the same with my other arm. Both arms together,
  I felt a strip of leather wind around them tight.  
This was really occurring. It was real. I was exhilarated and fearful all
  at once.  
'I want you to slowly kneel now.' He instructed.  
He turned me around, and our faces met. His eyes were a piercing hazel color
  and the gaze penetrated through me. A mouth that was full and well shaped,
  his lips parted slightly and he inhaled. My eyes were focused on his mouth,
  which I had to admit was rather beautiful and in one second I wondered whether
  I would have a chance to sample those lips. His hands guided me to my new position.
  Slowly lowering me down onto my knees, I managed to balance myself in spite
  of my arms being pinned far backward.  
'While you were busy fingering yourself slut, you forget to notice I was
  looking at you. Made me hotter than what was happening on stage. Now your going
  to have to relieve the strain.' He explained.  
My cheeks flushed with that new knowledge. So deeply lost in arousal and
  fantasy, I had not bothered to notice whether anyone was observing. As the
  girl on stage was being ass fucked, I had forgotten about the two men sitting
  three rows in front of me.  
His hand unzipped his fly, and dug out his hard cock and all at once I felt
  fortunate and shocked. Taking it in my mouth daunted me. As he stroked his
  erection, all I could see was a smooth slick penis that struck me as having
  the potential to fill me adequately. My eyes must have alerted him to my thought
  as he smirked while looking down at me.  
'Open wide.' Was all that he said as he held his cock to my mouth.  
My lips parted, it seemed, automatically. I felt the head of his shaft enter
  first as it came to rest on my tongue. Wanting to lick and swirl my tongue
  around the head of his cock, I fought the urge.  
'Commence. I will tell you if it is inadequate.' He instructed.  
My mouth opened wider and my tongue slowly encircled the head. Circular wet
  movements clockwise and then anti-clockwise. My head became dizzy from the
  sensation of his cock in my mouth. How long did I lick the head? Uncertain.
  I found my tongue licking the length of his cock.  
'Stop!' He demanded.  
Removing my mouth from his cock, he ordered I look up at him immediately.  
'I want more wetness, more suction. Got that?'  
I nodded my head.  
'Answer me.' He demanded.  
'Yes, I understand.' Came my feeble reply.  
My mouth enclosed on his cock, my tongue licking in between sucking so as
  to leave more moisture. Head swiveling with the motion, my lips closed firmly
  down onto his shaft. Cheeks working simultaneously with my mouth, the suction
  increased to the point where he was rhythmically thrusting in and out of my
  mouth. His pelvis met my face in a slow steady motion. Arms pinned back, the
  strain had now evaporated as my head was being filled up with the sound of
  his arousal. Here I was in a bathroom with a stranger while the remaining men
  were watching another woman being fucked in another nearby room and I felt
  a heat pulse through me as the realization dawned that I was enjoying giving
  this man pleasure.  
'Ohhh.. How about I explode into your mouth now slut? Fill you with my cream&hellip;'
  He suggested as he grinned down at me.  
'Get up.' Came the next instruction.  
If my brain was running a marathon, it was now being suddenly re-routed.
  His hand threaded through my bound arms and thrust me toward the toilet cubicle.
  Kicking the door open, he shoved me forward so that I faced the toilet bowl.
  His one arm held my arms as he pushed forward, inadvertently making me bend
  over in a semi L shape. With his free hand, palm upward, he roughly stroked
  my crotch.  
'Mmmm nice.' He breathed.  
There was no warning as I felt my cunt being stretched open as his fingers
  infiltrated me.  
'That's three for you.'  
I then realized he had three of his fingers inside me and now they were beginning
  to move in and out with a momentum that was increasing. As he drove them in
  I could hear the soft wet sound of my canal as it wrapped tightly around his
  fingers. The sensation was too strong for me to stand silent and sounds began
  to escape me, sounds which I had never before been introduced to. Wanton and
  'slutty', each moan was guttural &ndash; primal almost.  
In my own heated world, a distant sound echoed through the bathroom. The
  cubicle door vibrated. My skin broke out in gooseflesh as his hands penetrated
  me deep and hard. The pleasurable horror of it all just about brought me to
  my knees as I let loose a loud howl, my head was pulled backward and it was
  at that second that I could smell a different aroma.  
'See how she likes to be fucked?' Stated the man with his fingers deep inside
  me.  
'Hmm yes.' Replied a second man. It was the second man from the theatre.  
'Turn around.' Requested the first man.  
My very special moment was interrupted with the shockwave of embarrassment
  and discomfort. No bond existed between the man and myself whose cock I previously
  sucked; yet I felt betrayed.  
The second man was fairer in complexion, shorter than the first man but equally
  athletic. Eyes of blue looked straight at me as his mouth curved into a sweet
  smile.  
'Are you wet?' The blonde man asked.  
I merely nodded.  
His hand came toward my crotch and I found myself retreating, which was useless
  as the first man was holding my arms in place. At this very obvious refusal,
  the first man shoved me forward, prompting me to walk out and into the main
  bathroom.  
'That's not lady-like, now open your legs for the gentleman.' Demanded my
  brown- eyed Adonis whose full lips curled in a sardonic grin. I turned my head
  as I performed this function. The blondes' hand was now nestled between my
  legs; his middle finger trailed over my labia and slowly made its way toward
  my entrance. Slowly and deftly he slid his finger all the way inside.  
'Now that was an easy feat, she is a horny little slut.' Marveled the blonde.  
The first man laughed and complimented me on my cock sucking abilities. The
  second man continued to move his finger in and out of my cunt; the fingers
  of his second hand crawled underneath the cup of my bra and pinched my nipple
  with such intensity that I bit my lip.  
'Oh I want to hear you scream little girl.' He whispered and smiled.  
The space between my legs was slathered with my wetness. The first man positioned
  himself behind me and dug his hand between my buttocks as the second man worked
  three fingers into my cunt.  
'Oahhhhhhhhhhhmmmmmmmmph.' Escaped my mouth. It felt like I was an observer,
  seeing my own reaction as two different men were fingering my ass and pussy
  simultaneously.  
A brief moment passed, and the blonde man removed his hand and knelt down.
  His fingers parted my labia and his tongue slashed through my soaked folds
  and into my cunt.  
'Lick the slut, she surely wants it.' Demanded the voice from behind me.  
The very sound of this man slurping through my juices was enough to lurch
  me into the present world, the moment itself.  
'Bend her over the sink.' Ordered the blonde between sips.  
No protest came through my lips as I was moved toward a white porcelain sink.
  As had occurred in the theatre itself, I felt a hand spread my juices upward,
  over my asshole. A cold chill spread through me.  
'Tell me what you need bitch.' Asked the blonde man.  
The timing was too close in between events for it to be classified D&eacute;j&agrave; vu.  
'I want you to fuck my ass.' I replied much like an automaton.  
As he slowly entered me, I was instructed not to struggle for it would hurt
  more. One of his arms encircled me as the other guided his cock into my ass.
  Inching himself inside me to the brim, I exhaled as my eyes came upon a pair
  of the most beautiful lips I had seen previously. The Adonis leaned over as
  my body merged in unison to that of the blonde, who was filling me up with
  slow smooth thrusts of his cock. From the full succulent lips I had previously
  admired emerged a smooth wet tongue, which licked my lips before engulfing
  them. My wish was satisfied as I fed on his lips and tongue while my anus clenched
  the other man's phallus.  
The first man, the Adonis, softened as he kissed yet his fingers dived into
  me once more so that I felt engulfed from both directions. His mouth left mine
  only to clamp down hard on my nipples. He bared his lips to show me his teeth
  as he slowly sank them into my brown flesh.  
The blonde man upon noticing this instructed the man to bite, as he expressed
  a need to hear me wail.  
Well synchronized, the blonde partially pulled out of my ass and plunged
  his cock inside, coinciding with the teeth that squeezed my nipple in a razor-sharp
  bite.  
'Yes, that's it. Again!' Demanded the man fucking my ass.  
My other nipple experienced the same sensation of this man's gleaming teeth
  clamping down while his thumb and index finger squeezed the other nipple at
  the same time. As the momentum increased, my once virgin ass was now being
  pounded in a soft yet firm motion, which I could not describe. My skin flushed
  hot and cold. Fingers were curling and uncurling inside my cunt. I was beyond
  help as I felt my hair being pulled backward and a warm spurt of fluid inside
  my ass.  
I heard a zip being fastened as the blonde made a hasty exit. The first man
  still had his fingers wedged deep inside me as he eyed me with the satisfaction
  of a satyr. Slowly he removed his fingers and brought them toward my mouth.  
'Taste yourself slut, lick each finger in appreciation.' He drawled.  
My mouth slowly took in his index finger, in very much the same way I took
  in his cock before. As I finished licking his ring finger, he removed his hand
  and began to unbind my arms.  
'Get dressed.' Came his final order.  
The panties were torn in two; my skirt and shirt were slightly creased but
  wearable. Shoving my panties into my handbag, I moved toward one of the mirrors
  so I could get a glimpse of myself. I only managed a few brief seconds as the
  stranger I had encountered in the theatre turned me around and honed into my
  mouth. Standing on my toes, head craning upward, he took his time exploring
  my lips and suddenly broke free.  
His hand fished inside his pocket and pulled out a card.  
'You will call me tomorrow at 9pm. No earlier or later. Do we understand
  each other?  
I could only nod in agreement.  
&copy;2004 L'etranger.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  l'etranger


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





