BDSM Library - Charity Events




Charity Events
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Charity is finishing her sophomore year in college but is also secretly writing erotica and publishing it on the internet.  Her stories always end up with the heroine becoming captive to a demanding mistress.  Soon, however, her reality starts to look very much like a plot from one of her stories.Charity Events   
Chapter 1: Sugarplums  
Charity wiped her brow and then closed her word processing program. She always
  seemed to get steamed up when she wrote her erotica. Before turning off the
  computer, she checked her email again to see if any readers had responded.
  Her inbox was empty and she sighed with disappointment. She had posted a new
  story last week and had gotten feedback from only five people, despite all
  of the vast thousands of people who had visited, and presumably read, her story. "Assholes," she
  thought.  
It was late, so she decided to call it quits for the night. She left the
  computer on and padded down the hall to shower and prepare for bed. Finished
  with her shower, she padded back to her room and crawled into bed, pulling
  the covers up and snuggling in.  
It was not sugarplums that danced in Charity's head as she slept. Her dreams
  were filled instead with chains and manacles and writhing naked bodies. It
  was these dreams that fed her stories and fueled her creative plots. In this
  night's dream, a young woman was stretched tightly on the outside of a huge
  wheel. The wheel slowly rotated, taking the naked beauty into the air and then
  down the other side before returning her to her starting point. On one side,
  when she was upright, a metal clamp would be placed somewhere on her tender
  flesh. On the other side, when she was upside down, another tormentor would
  lash at her exposed and vulnerable flesh with a short, but very effective whip.  
Janice entered Charity's bedroom the next day on her cleaning tour of the
  house. Janice, or Aunt Janice, as Charity called her had offered to house her
  niece while she was attending college to let her save on room and board. And
  Charity had turned out to be a wonderful tenant. She kept her room neat and
  tidy, volunteered with the household chores, and provided much needed companionship
  to Janice. All that Janice ever needed to do in the room was to dust a few
  surfaces occasionally.  
Janice did appreciate the companionship. At thirty one, she had been widowed
  for only three years. The house had seemed very empty until Charity arrived.
  Janice had married the older brother of Janice's mother who had been twenty
  years her senior. But, despite the age difference, the marriage was ideal and
  the husband and wife had loved one another dearly. And then, a freak skiing
  accident had ended everything. Janice was left a widow at the age of twenty
  eight. She was a wealthy widow since Charles had invested wisely and had ensured
  that his wife would be taken care of, but she was still alone.  
Janice moved around the room efficiently, spraying and dusting and making
  the furniture shine. She had to straighten and move a book and a few papers
  on the desk and then started dusting that surface too. The dust cloth touched
  the computer mouse and then the computer screen lit up. Apparently, Charity
  had forgotten to shut it down before she left.  
Janice was getting ready to shut down the machine herself when something
  caught her eye. The screen was opened to Charity's email and there were three
  communications waiting to be read. The subject line of one of them read "Dungeons
  and Damsels."  
"That's odd," thought Janice. Then she scanned the other two subject lines. "Great
  Story" read one. The other was "Can't wait for future chapters." Curiosity
  got the better of the woman. She set her cleaning supplies aside and sat down.
  As she opened the first one, her eyes went wide with surprise. The first thing
  to appear was a picture of a naked woman tied upright and spread eagle in a
  frame with another woman, dressed in black leather, positioning a pole between
  the naked woman's legs. It was obvious from the rounded end of the pole and
  its position that it was destined for the girl's sex.  
The text of the email was no less surprising. It read: "Dear slavegrl, I
  loved your latest chapters of 'Dungeons and Damsels.' I thought you might enjoy
  this picture, which reminds me of Janice torturing Charity in chapter eleven.
  Hope you enjoy and I can't wait to read the rest of the story."  
"Oh my gosh," thought Janice. Janice torturing Charity? What was that all
  about? She went on to read the other two emails. Both of them had high praise
  for the same story. One of them provided a comparative review of "Dungeons
  and Damsels" with "Slave Niece," which apparently was an earlier work by the
  same author. The third one also referred to the website that apparently held
  the stories.  
Janice deleted the emails and erased them from the computer's memory before
  shutting down the machine. Charity would never miss a few messages. She would
  never even know that they had arrived. Then she put her cleaning supplies away
  and went to the den. She started her own computer and sat down to learn more
  about her niece's writings.  
She easily found the website but was astounded at the thousands of stories
  archived there. How would she find the ones written by Charity? Then she remembered
  that the email had been addressed to "slavegrl," and she did a search using
  that. Five stories were listed. Since "Dungeons and Damsels" was apparently
  not finished, she decided to start with "Slave Niece."  
Janice read for a half hour, being totally captivated by the story. She discovered
  that her niece was an excellent writer and had a very active imagination. The
  story was highly erotic and, by the end of the half hour, Janice was so aroused
  that she had to take a break to relieve herself of the sexual tension that
  built up inside of her. Removing her clothes and laying them over another chair,
  she sat back down and masturbated herself as she continued with the story.
  A small whimper escaped her lips as she climaxed, timing her climax with that
  of the protagonist in the story. Again, the main character was named Charity
  and she was the slave of her Aunt Janice.  
After the waves of orgasm dissipated, Janice shut down her computer. She
  would save the ending for another day when she wanted another climax. And the
  rest of the stories promised to keep her in orgasmic bliss for weeks to come.  
What did it mean that Charity kept featuring herself and her aunt in these
  stories of bondage and slavery? Was her niece lesbian? Did she want to become
  a submissive or was it simply a way of exploring new things? She supposed that
  she would have to read all of the stories to get a clearer picture of what
  went on inside Charity's mind but she couldn't do that today for fear of rubbing
  her clit raw.  
She tried to picture Charity as a slave girl. The image that she conjured
  up certainly made a compelling argument for enslaving the girl. Charity was
  a beautiful twenty year old student ending her sophomore year of college. Janice
  had only seen Charity naked once when towels had run out in the bathroom but
  the image was imprinted on her memory. Two lush, full breasts were capped with
  small but very erect nipples. A beautiful, shapely figure highlighted Charity's
  femininity. And a sparse patch of blonde hair provided a little decoration
  for the girl's sex. Janice had seen her numerous times in various stages of
  undress or in a bikini and had grown to appreciate the girl's svelte and sexual
  body.  
Janice was not lesbian, but she had had some female lovers in the past. Most
  had been before she got married but she did have a few casual flings since
  Charles' death. She had been quite discrete, however, and was sure that Charity
  would have no knowledge of her bisexuality.  
Charity's sexual preferences came as quite a shock. She dated men and always
  seemed to have new ones calling her or calling on her. That was to be expected
  in Janice's mind. She was beautiful and bright and lively.  
And her interest in domination and submission was an even bigger surprise.
  Her wholesome, girl-next-door appearances apparently hid dark desires. She
  was much easier to picture in a cheerleader's outfit than in ropes and chains,
  although Janice knew that her niece would look delicious naked and bound.  
Janice had dabbled in domination and submission a few times but it had always
  been role-playing and fun. Mostly, she had played the role of slave girl to
  Master Charles. They would spend an evening with her serving him and him occasionally
  draping her over his knees for a spanking. Once she was even a slave for a
  whole weekend. And she remembered how wet she would become and how totally
  and constantly aroused she would be.  
Only once did she play the role of the dominant one. That had been with one
  of her female lovers before marrying Charles and it had been delicious too.
  She remembered how much she enjoyed binding her girlfriend and teasing her
  endlessly and how fun it was to create situations where her slavegirl could
  make choices but the outcome of each was some kind of punishment. It was always
  the lesser of two evils.  
She would think about how to handle the knowledge she had gained. She might
  decide to ignore it and let it pass. But the tingling between her legs told
  her that some of the more interesting possibilities would probably win out.  
That night, the two women made dinner, ate dinner and cleaned up afterwards
  together. There were no outside signs or clues being given off by Charity.
  Everything fit into a normal aunt-niece type of relationship. After chatting
  for a bit and then sharing a television show together, Charity went up to her
  room to study.  
It was at that point that Janice realized that she might be working toward
  a deadline. If she were to pursue some of the more interesting possibilities,
  she would have to either move quickly or wait until the Fall. Charity would
  finish the semester in about a month and Janice knew that she would probably
  return home for the Summer. Janice would have to wait until late August to
  act if she didn't act soon. That was the moment when the more interesting options
  won out.  
Janice decided that a slow but steady approach would be best. This way, if
  she had misread her niece's fantasies and desires, she could more easily back
  out of the situation. She would take her time but would gradually step into
  Charity's private space, thus reducing it over time. She would slowly exert
  her influence on her niece's life, thus gaining control. Over time, she would
  erode Charity's will to resist and would have a slave to experiment with.  
Janice heard the water running upstairs and went to the foot of the staircase.
  Once she realized that Charity was drawing a bath, Janice knew what the first
  step would be, and it would be taken tonight.  
Janice first went to her room and checked her appearance in the mirror of
  the master bedroom. She started to apply lipstick but then wiped it off, thinking
  that the makeup would make her first step appear planned. She did, however,
  take a minute to brush out her long black hair until it was shining. She finally
  settled on having some of her locks draped over her shoulders and the rest
  cascading down her back. She waited for a few minutes after the water was turned
  off and then opened the door to the bathroom and walked in.  
"Aunt Jan!" protested Charity as she raised her hands to cover her breasts,
  which were floating and bobbing in the deep water.  
"What?" asked Janice as she crossed the floor and sat on the closed toilet
  seat, smiling at her niece.  
"What are you doing in here?" asked a frantic Charity.  
"I just came in to talk," Janice responded. "I remembered that we were invited
  to the opening of an art exhibit on Friday and I forgot to mention it to you."  
"But.. but.. but, I'm naked!"  
"Yes you are," smiled Janice. "But what difference does that make? Do you
  have something that I don't? It's just us girls, Char."  
"It.. I mean I&hellip; I mean it's not right!"  
"What's not right? It's not right that I should come in and ask you a question?" Janice
  spoke with a slight edge of irritation in her voice. "Or it's not right that
  I should see you naked in the tub? Or it's not right that I should be sitting
  here with clothes on and you should be naked?  
Charity slid a little lower in the tub and reached for the wash cloth, trying
  to position it as strategically as she cold to cover her breasts.  
"Yes," she replied timidly.  
"Yes to all of them?" asked Janice with her eyebrows raised.  
"No. I mean yes. I mean I don't know," replied Charity. "This is so embarrassing."  
Janice stood up abruptly trying to act insulted and strode to the door. "Honestly,
  Charity!" she huffed. "I don't know why you are so embarrassed. You shouldn't
  be ashamed of your body." With that, she left and closed the door behind her.  
A little later, Janice was lying on top of her bed, reading a magazine. She
  heard a knock and looked up to see Charity standing in her doorway. Her hair
  was still damp and her flesh was still pink and rosy from the hot bath. She
  was wearing a pale blue cotton night shirt that hung down to mid-calf level.  
"May I come in, Aunt Janice?"  
"Yes you may," replied Janice. Charity shuffled into the room, keeping her
  eyes cast down until she was beside the bed.  
I'm sorry, Aunt Janice," she started. "I was being childish. I didn't mean
  to hurt your feelings."  
"Apology accepted," replied Janice. "Yes, you were being childish. I was
  beginning to think that you had something to hide. You haven't gotten a tattoo
  or anything, have you?"  
Charity's head snapped up in surprise at the question. "Oh, no! I would never
  do that! I think they're gross!"  
"A piercing?" asked the aunt.  
"No, Aunt Janice. I haven't done anything like that. Honestly. I have nothing
  to hide."  
"Well, it sure looked that way to me," Janice retorted. "But, it's none of
  my business. I'll just turn the whole thing over to your mother."  
Charity's eyes flew open wide. "My mother?" she asked. "Please don't do that.
  She gets so suspicious of everything. That would just make her worse."  
Janice shrugged her shoulders. "I have a responsibility to both you and your
  mother, Charity. And I don't know what you're worried about. If there's nothing
  there, then all is fine."  
"But there isn't anything there!" insisted the niece.  
"Then your mother will have nothing to find."  
"I'll prove it to you!" declared Charity, reaching for the hem of her nightshirt.
  She drew it quickly up her body and then held it in one hand as she stood naked
  before Janice. "See?"  
"Yep. I don't see anything," agreed Janice. "But I'll have to let your mother
  do the thorough inspection."  
"Oh god!" groaned the college girl. "That would be too embarrassing. Couldn't
  you inspect me and then just not even bring it up with Mom?"  
"But you seem to uncomfortable around me. And I don't want to distress you."  
"Please inspect me, Aunt Janice," begged Charity.  
"Are you sure, Charity?" asked Janice with a very concerned expression on
  her face. "It really did seem to make you uncomfortable earlier when I only
  caught a brief glimpse of you. And now you want me to check every inch of your
  body?"  
Charity nodded quickly. "I'm sure, I'm sure! I don't know why I acted the
  way I did earlier. It's really no big deal. I mean it's just us girls, like
  you said."  
Janice set her magazine aside and slid off the bed. She stepped in front
  of her niece and let her eyes run from the top of her head to the tips of her
  toes.  
"Nothing visible so far. Open your mouth." Charity quickly opened her mouth
  and Janice leaned forward peering inside. "Wider!" Charity opened her mouth
  wide.  
"Stick out your tongue," commanded Janice. A tongue immediately slithered
  out. Janice ran a finger slowly over the slippery surface and then grasped
  it, tugging it out further. "I don't see any signs of piercings. Have you ever
  thought of having your tongue pierced?"  
"Ngo," responded Charity as best she could with someone holding onto her
  tongue. "Ngegga."  
"Good girl," replied Janice as she released the tongue and patted Charity
  on the top of her head. "Don't do it. That's for someone else to ask of you.
  It should be viewed as a precious gift." This caused Charity's eyes to open
  wide in surprise as she tried to take in her aunt's last comment.  
Janice proceeded with the inspection by pushing the blonde hair off of Charity's
  shoulders to let it drape down her back. Then, she gripped each ear, one at
  a time, and leaned forward to inspect them.  
"Good girl. Only one piercing per lobe. That's respectable."  
Then Janice lifted each of Charity's arms and placed her niece's hands behind
  her neck in a clear signal that the hands should remain there. The hands did.
  Janice acted as if she were visually inspecting the arms and upper chest for
  signs of markings or piercing, but she was actually just setting the stage
  for her next assault on Charity's body.  
Janice lifted her hands and, with fingers splayed, lifted Charity's breasts.
  She made a show of looking beneath each breast for tattoos but was really just
  enjoying the weight of the firm mounds pressing down on her fingers.  
"Oh!" gasped Charity as she felt her aunt's fingers claim her breasts.  
"No tattoos or markings so far," proclaimed Janice. "Good girl."  
Charity breathed a sigh of relief and lowered her arms. Janice anticipated
  this move and immediately reached around her niece and swatted her bottom.  
"We're not finished yet! I'll tell you when to lower your hands."  
"Ouch! Yes, Aunt Janice," was the obedient response as hands went back behind
  the neck to intertwine fingers.  
"Charity, you asked me to do this. But you seem to be having problems with
  it. Should I just let your mother finish this?"  
"Oh no, Mistr.. I mean Aunt Janice," Charity quickly replied. "I was just
  surprised. I didn't know you would be so thorough. But I'm fine with it."  
Janice heard all that she needed. Her niece almost called her Mistress. That
  was all the confirmation that she needed. She predicted to herself that she
  would own a slave by the end of the semester.  
"Good," nodded Janice. "I was just checking." Then, Janice grasped the tip
  of Charity's left nipple and stretched it away from her body slightly. She
  heard her niece sucking in her breath. She bent forward again and inspected
  the nipple.  
"We're looking for signs of piercings,' described Janice. "Fortunately, I
  don't see any. Have you ever thought about having your nipples pierced?"  
"No, Mis.. Aunt Janice!"  
Janice decided to become bolder. She knew that her niece had almost called
  her "Mistress" twice and she wanted to take advantage of the tangled mess of
  Charity's brain.  
Janice grasped the nipple fully and pulled it outward from Charity's chest,
  stretching the beautiful breast into a cone. Then, she used her other hand
  to roam over every square inch of the soft, firm flesh.  
"If I'm to be reassuring your mother, or not even saying anything to your
  mother, I also need to check for needle marks. But, thankfully, this breast
  is free of them. Now let's check the other one."  
Again the nipple was slightly stretched under the auspices of looking for
  signs of piercings and, again, the breast was stretched away from Charity's
  chest as Janice ran her fingers over the surface. When she was finished, her
  niece was sporting two deliciously stiff nipples.  
Janice released the nipple, allowing the breast to bounce back into its original
  form and then lifted both breasts in her fingers again. "Don't ever do anything
  to change these," warned Janice. "They're perfect just as they are."  
"Thank you," stammered a blushing Charity.  
Janice ran her fingers down Charity's sides and then toward each other to
  meet at the girl's navel. She squatted down so that her eyes were level with
  the cute indented belly button and then ran a finger slowly around it causing
  Charity's belly to quiver.  
"No piercings here either," announced Janice. "That's good."  
Charity breathed a sigh of relief and lifted her night shirt to put it back
  on.  
"Not so fast," said Janice sternly. "We're not finished yet." Then the older
  woman straightened up and walked behind the girl. She gathered the long blonde
  hair and then fastened it into a ponytail, draping the locks over Charity's
  left shoulder. Then her fingers danced lightly down her niece's back. Janice
  smiled as she saw the gooseflesh forming in the wake of her fingers.  
Janice placed a hand between Charity's shoulders and pressed forward. "Bend
  over," commanded the aunt. Charity obediently bent at the waist until her chest
  was almost parallel with the floor. Janice smiled as she saw the heavy breasts
  dangling and swaying beneath her niece's chest.  
"Oh!" gasped Charity as she felt her aunt's fingers pry her bottom cheeks
  apart. She clenched her bottom cheeks trying to keep them together to protect
  her modesty but then squealed and reluctantly relaxed them when her efforts
  were met with another hard smack on the bottom.  
At this point, Charity's mind was in complete turmoil. This seemed more like
  it belonged in the plot of one of her stories than in her aunt's bedroom on
  a normal weeknight. Well, normal isn't exactly right, she thought. But that
  was about the only thought she could muster.  
Charity's eyes opened wide and her mouth opened to protest as she felt a
  finger traveling through the forbidden valley between the firm smooth globes
  of her bottom and then she emitted another squeal as the finger reached the
  little brown pucker. She started to pant with her cheeks moving in and out
  with each breath as the finger slowly circled the little rosebud.  
Janice tapped several times on the little pucker before announcing, "no signs
  of anything here, either. Good." Janice straightened up and moved back to Charity's
  front. Janice reached beneath Charity's chest and grasped the dangling breasts,
  squeezing slightly and enjoying the feel of the warm flesh. She used the twin
  orbs of delight as handles to pull Charity upright.  
"You can straighten up now."  
Charity closed her eyes and breathed a sigh of relief that the ordeal was
  over. But her relief was short-lived. Janice had squatted down in front of
  her and was tapping on the insides of her thighs.  
"Open up," commanded Janice. Charity moved her feet apart only to receive
  more insistent taps. "Wider."  
Charity's face turned crimson in humiliation as her very private parts were
  lewdly displayed to her aunt. She closed her eyes tightly as she felt fingers
  grasp one of her labia to stretch it away from her body and then other fingers
  moved along its entire length.  
Janice smiled inwardly as she found her niece's sex to be quite wet with
  arousal. "This is going to be easy," she thought. Then she repeated the actions
  with the other labia causing Charity's whole body to tremble.  
Finally, Janice grasped the little hood of flesh protecting Charity's clitoris
  and stretched it out to reveal the glistening little nubbin. It took all of
  Janice's strength to keep from leaning forward and licking it, but she resisted
  the temptation.  
Janice stood again and patted Charity on the head. "All done, little one.
  You passed."  
"Thank god," sighed Charity as she finally opened her eyes. "May I get dressed
  now?"  
"Of course you may," smiled Janice as she leaned forward and kissed Charity
  on the cheek. "You're such a good girl."  
Charity smiled weakly in response and slipped her nightshirt back on.  
Chapter 2: Testing the Waters  
Janice held back from doing anything more on the next day. She didn't want
  her plan to become too obvious. But the following day, she again entered the
  bathroom in the middle of her niece's bath.  
This time, Charity knew enough to remain quiet. She was not about to do anything
  that might result in another humiliating inspection. Janice sat on the closed
  toilet seat and talked with the naked girl about various subjects. When Charity
  was finished with the bath, Janice arose and removed the towel from the rack
  and opened it.  
"Let me help," she offered to the nude beauty. Reluctantly, Charity stepped
  out of the tub. Janice rubbed her hair to dry it and then created a little
  turban with the towel. Then, she grabbed another towel and patted the magnificent
  body dry, forcing herself not to linger too long on the girl's breasts or sex
  despite her desire to hold them longer.  
The following evening, she started to exert a little control. Janice announced
  that she was going to take a bath and asked Charity to help her. Charity was
  confused by the request but followed her aunt upstairs. Janice went into her
  bedroom, removed her clothes, and then walked naked down the hall to the bathroom.  
Charity was surprised by the nakedness of her aunt. She had never
    seen Aunt Janice naked before. Janice stopped and turned completely around
    once before striking a model's pose. 
    
"What do you think? Not bad for an old broad, huh?" 
   
  Charity was momentarily at a loss for words but then was able to respond. "I
  think you're beautiful," she said, honestly. And Janice truly was beautiful.
  Her figure was perfect from religiously exercising each day. Her breasts may
  have had a slight sag to them but were still firm and stood high on her chest.
  And her black pubic thatch was trimmed into a narrow strip.   
Then Janice reached up and lifted her own breasts, squeezing them gently
  together. "These puppies are hanging in there, aren't they?" she asked lightheartedly. "Not
  a lot of gravity going on there. At least not yet."  
Charity nodded. Her aunt's breasts were easily as large as her own; maybe
  even larger. And she wore a 36C cup bra. "They're very nice Aunt Janice. And
  they look very firm."  
"And they're real too. Here, have a feel." Janice stepped closer and thrust
  her chest toward her niece who just stood there as if paralyzed. "Go on. They
  won't bite you."  
Slowly, Charity raised her hands and touched the breasts. These were the
  first breasts she could remember touching. She knew that she had nursed at
  her mother's breasts as a baby, but that didn't count.  
Janice reached up again and placed her hands on Charity's holding her niece's
  palms to her breasts and squeezed. "Take good care of yours," advised Janice
  as she watched Charity's cheeks turn crimson. "You'll appreciate it later in
  life. Well, enough fun for now. You can draw my bath for me."  
Charity was taken aback again by the actions of her aunt but was relieved
  when the grip on her hands was loosened. Not wanting to prolong the hallway
  encounter any longer, she turned and went into the bathroom to fill the tub. "Yes
  Mis.. Aunt Janice."  
Janice smiled as she watched the shapely bottom walking away from her. She
  wondered how long it would be before the full word, mistress, escaped from
  her niece's lips.  
Janice sank down into the hot water and luxuriated in it for a moment. The
  tub was large enough for two but she decided against having Charity join her.
  That would be pushing too fast.  
"Do my hair?" said Janice with her eyes closed as she sat in the steamy water.
  Then she waited until she heard Charity shuffling to kneel beside the tub.
  Slowly she opened her eyes and turned toward the girl.  
"Surely, you're not going to do this fully clothed. You'll get all wet."  
"I'll be okay, Aunt Janice," replied Charity.  
"Nonsense!" retorted Janice. "Out of those clothes this instant. Then we
  won't have to worry."  
Charity wondered what the big deal was. She was only wearing a pair of khaki
  shorts and a tank top. It really didn't matter if they got wet. But she seemed
  to be losing arguments these days and didn't have the strength to even try
  to debate her aunt on this. She arose again and quickly discarded her top and
  her shorts.  
"Ahem," said Janice as Charity started to kneel back down. "All of them." Charity
  nodded timidly and reached behind her back, unsnapping her bra and freeing
  her magnificent breasts. Then she shimmied out of her panties, much to Janice's
  delight, and knelt by the tub again.  
Janice tilted her head forward and Charity poured the water, wetting the
  long raven locks. Then she poured the shampoo and started to lather up Janice's
  scalp.  
"Being a slave owner will be wonderful," though Janice to herself. "It will
  be luxurious."  
After the hair had been washed and rinsed, Janice spoke again. "Will it be
  easier if I stand or do you want to work with me sitting?"  
"What do you mean?" asked Charity with a puzzled look on her face.  
"The rest of my body. Will it be easier if I stand?"  
"Oh," replied a surprised Charity. Immediately, the vision of her aunt's
  naked sex staring at her from only inches away from her face popped into her
  head. "I think sitting would be best."  
Janice nodded and stretched out against the back of the tub to let her niece
  start to work. Charity wetted the washcloth and applied soap before starting
  on Janice's face. Slowly, the soapy cloth moved across her aunt's forehead,
  cheeks and nose.  
"Close your eyes, Mis&hellip; Janice," said Charity. "I don't want to get
  any soap in them."  
Janice closed her eyes as the washcloth continued its journey. "Miss Janice.
  I like that. You may call me that if you prefer."  
"Yes, Miss Janice," replied Charity awkwardly. She could have kicked herself
  for the continued slips of the tongue. She would have to be more careful. She
  couldn't keep slipping into the minds of the characters in her stories.  
The cloth moved across the shoulders and then cleaned each arm, paying particular
  attention to the delicate fingers. Then, Charity faced a dilemma. She didn't
  want to touch her aunt's breasts again but knew she would have to wash there
  eventually. She decided to get it over with and moved the soapy cloth over
  the snow-white mounds resting on Janice's chest.  
"Mmmmm, that feels nice," said Janice with her eyes still closed, feeling
  her niece moving across her breasts. "Keep doing that."  
Charity didn't know what to do. Her nervousness told her to run. Her mind
  told her to protest. But she watched in disbelief as her hand just kept making
  figure eight motions around the two breasts, occasionally breaking the pattern
  to move across the tops of the mounds.  
"Oh yes," murmured Janice. "We'll have to do this more often."  
"But this doesn't seem right," said Charity in a small voice.  
Janice sat up in the tub, surprising her niece and reached out with a wet
  hand to grasp Charity by the jaw. "This doesn't seem right, what?"  
"I'm sorry. I meant to say this doesn't seem right, Miss Janice."  
"Better," replied Janice as she laid back in the tub again. "the water is
  getting cold, little one. Give me some more hot water."  
"Yes, Miss Janice." Charity started the spigot and opened the drain to let
  some of the cool water out while she refilled it with hot. From experience,
  she knew that the hot water had to be swirled around the tub or it could scald
  her aunt's feet. So, with both hands, she started the water flowing in a circular
  fashion by sweeping one hand up Janice's left side and the other sweeping down
  her aunt's right side.  
This caused Charity to lean over the side of the tub and soon her breasts
  were dangling and swaying above Janice's prone body. Janice lifted her hands
  and let her fingers grip the nipples, which she had already learned were very
  sensitive. She rolled them back and forth and was again amazed at how quickly
  they stiffened.  
"Oh!" gasped Charity as she pulled her torso back and sat on her heels trying
  to catch her breath.  
"You have the most amazingly responsive nipples," observed Janice. "I think
  they're wonderful."  
"Thank you," murmured Charity. "I think."  
Janice did not press her advantage any more that night. Charity had to continue
  washing her aunt, which included moving the cloth between her legs and which
  brought another blush to the younger woman's cheeks. But after the bath was
  finished, Janice arose, allowed Charity to dry her off, and then went to her
  bedroom. She left a dazed and bewildered niece standing in the bathroom with
  a damp towel dangling from one hand and discarded clothes lying on the floor
  around her.  
Chapter 3: A Step Forward  
A week had gone by since Janice started to implement her plan. Already, Charity
  had become more malleable and Janice was pleased with the progress being made.
  The aunt had read through all of the stories that were posted by her niece
  to the website. She was amazed at how vivid and erotic each was and how creative
  Charity's imagination was. At least, she assumed that all of this came out
  of the girl's imagination. It was difficult to picture Charity having actually
  experienced any of these. She also discovered, as she expected, that Charity
  and Janice were the names of the main characters of each of the stories, although
  each story was set in a different time and place.  
She also found the folder on her niece's computer where she stored her stories.
  There were dozens of them, many unfinished. One in particular amused her. It
  fairly accurately chronicled the events of the past week in story form. She
  especially liked it because it allowed her to get inside the minds of the characters.
  She found that Janice was slowly moving toward enslaving her niece. "Well,
  she got that right," mused Janice. And she was able to read the thoughts of
  the character, Charity. What she learned was that the character was in complete
  turmoil. She felt that it was wrong to submit to her beautiful aunt and yet
  she was highly aroused by the possibility of becoming a slave. In fact, she
  was so aroused that she was wet almost all the time now and would masturbate
  in bed for hours each night to relieve the tension.  
"That's good to know," thought Janice. "That offers some possibilities."  
Janice called Claire for advice. She and Clair had been friends for several
  years and had actually been lovers a couple of times since Charles' death.
  'Lovers' was the wrong word. There was no love involved. Everything was just
  two friends seeking pure sexual release.  
Clair was in her mid-thirties, blonde, and with a body that most women would
  kill for. She divorced her husband of ten years over a year earlier. "He was
  getting in the way of my fun," she explained to Janice one night as she moved
  her lips from breast to breast and plunged the dildo deep into Janice. "This
  is fun, but attending to his needs took me away from all of this."  
Janice knew that Claire was into the bondage and domination and submission
  scene. In fact, Claire tried to get Janice to submit to her, but those attempts
  always ended up being frustrating mental wrestling matches because Janice was
  too dominant herself. "Just think," thought Janice, "I could be a slave myself
  at this point."  
Janice explained the situation to Claire. She laid out her plan and describe
  the progress made to date. Then she asked her friend for advice.  
"Good for you!" congratulated Claire. "Aren't you the devilish one? I think
  your plan is working great. And from the sounds of her latest story, it's working
  perfectly. I wouldn't change a thing. I do have an opportunity for you, though.
  Claire went on to explain that there was a bdsm party on the upcoming Saturday.
  If she thought that it wouldn't be pushing it too fast, Claire could arrange
  an invitation for the two of them. "Maybe you could tell her that you need
  her to go along as your date to a theme costume party."  
Claire described the group as pretty tame. There wouldn't be any whippings
  or golden showers or the like, but there would be a significant amount of nudity.
  And most of the bottoms were simply submissives living out fantasies on an
  occasional basis. The tops would be masters, mistresses and dominant couples.
  The bottoms were males, females and submissive couples. And every possible
  combination of tops and bottoms would probably be represented.  
Janice thought the party sounded like a great idea and promised to call Claire
  on Saturday morning to let her know. Claire told Janice to be careful or she
  might just enslave both Janice and Charity herself. Janice laughed. "Only in
  your dreams!"  
That evening, Janice and Charity went through therir normal routine and,
  after the dishes were put away, they each went to their respective bedrooms.
  Janice read an erotic novel while Charity studies. Janice heard the bath water
  flowing but decided not to intrude this evening. She waited until Charity had
  returned to her room and the lights went out. Then, fifteen minutes later,
  she crept silently down the hallway to her niece's room. She could hear soft
  moans coming from the other side of the door.  
She quickly opened the door and switched on the light. "Charity, are you
  okay? It sounded like you were crying."  
Charity quickly pulled her sheet up to provide a sense of modesty and shrieked
  in surprise at the intrusion. Janice crossed the floor and sat down on the
  edge of the bed, reaching out to stroke the blonde tresses. "I was worried
  about you. Is everything okay?"  
"Ye.. ye.. yes, Aunt Janice," she stammered. "I'm okay. I'm just fine."  
"Are you sure?" asked Janice as she leaned down and kissed Charity's forehead.  
"Yes, Miss Janice. I'm sure. But thank you for worrying about me."  
"Well I hope you know that I love you," replied Janice. She gathered Charity's
  hands in hers and held them up to kiss them. Then she smiled inwardly as she
  saw two fingers glistening with her niece's juices. She snaked out her tongue
  and licked them, tasting Charity's sweet nectar for the first time. This caused
  Charity to turn beet red as the blush spread across her face and chest.  
"Oh, you're okay," smiled Janice. "Just a little late night fun and relaxation." Then
  Janice pulled the sheet down revealing her niece's nudity and causing the blush
  to deepen even more. "Scoot over. I'll help you."  
"But&hellip; but&hellip; but&hellip;" stuttered Charity as she tried to pull
  the sheet back up. But Janice had a tight grip on it and pushed the bed covers
  even lower to fully expose the girl.  
"No buts about it. Now scoot over."  
"Yes, Miss Janice," replied Charity with a mixed feeling of dread and arousal.  
"That's better," said Janice as she positioned herself to 'help' her niece.
  Janice started to reach toward Charity's sex but the girl immediately drew
  her hands together to protect her most private spot.  
"I'm not sure this is a good idea, Aunt Janice," she protested. "I don't
  love you that way."  
Janice rolled her eyes. "Who said anything about love? This isn't about love.
  This is about recreation and fun. You weren't in bed with anyone you loved
  when I came in a few minutes ago. I thought your generation was supposed to
  be more open and adventurous."  
"Maybe I'm in the wrong generation?"  
"Oh stop being such a ninny!" Janice slapped the backs of her niece's hands
  and then pushed them apart. "Put your hands behind your neck and I'll take
  over from here."  
Slowly, Charity's hands rose and she clasped her fingers behind her neck. "Don't
  move them," warned the older woman.  
Janice started by placing her palm on Charity's belly. This caused her niece
  to jump slightly in surprise and to let out a soft groan of despair. Janice
  started moving her hand in ever-widening circles, marveling at the feel of
  the soft, supple flesh. Eventually, the circle widened until the hand reached
  the small patch of blonde hair and the hand jumped off the track to slide down
  over the pubic thatch.  
Janice kept sliding lower until her hand cupped the pubic mound with her
  fingers resting on Charity's labia. Despite reading about how wet Charity was
  all of the time in her latest story, the older woman was still surprised at
  what she found. Her niece's sex was well lubricated and slippery with her juices.
  Janice tightened her grip slightly to enjoy the feel before starting to work.  
She let her fingers glide up and down the slick petals, occasionally dipping
  a finger inside. Charity groaned again, but Janice could not tell if it was
  out of despair or arousal. She let a finger find and then circle the girl's
  clitoris before plunging the finger deep inside the wet sex. This caused Charity
  to suck in her breath.  
Janice watched Charity's face the entire time. Eyes were shut tightly and
  the brow was furrowed. Cheeks were flush and the luscious lips were parted
  slightly. Janice noticed that the two beautiful breasts were artistry in motion.
  The heavy mounds would rise and fall with each breath and quivered with her
  niece's tremblings.  
Janice leaned down and flicked her tongue once over each nipple, eliciting
  a moan from the girl. Then, she blew on the tender little buds and watched
  them stiffen even more. "Magnificent!" she thought.  
Her finger would alternate between sliding deep into the wet velvety folds
  of Charity's sex and strumming the sensitive clitoris. Sometimes, the finger
  would plunge in quickly while, at other times, it would move deeply in an agonizingly
  slow way. When it toyed with the vulnerable clitoris, it would sometimes flick
  back and forth over the fleshy nubbin and sometimes would move in a circular
  motion. All of these motions seemed equally acceptable to the subject of the
  ministrations and, soon, Charity was arching her hips upward to meet the motions
  of the finger.  
Janice sucked Charity's left nipple into her mouth and then continued to
  suck, drawing more and more breast flesh into her mouth. She used her tongue
  to flutter over the captive nipple and then closed her teeth around the breast
  meat, letting them scrape lightly along the flesh as it was allowed to slice
  from her mouth. Janice repeated this action on the right breast as her finger
  continued its work down below.  
Charity was constantly moaning at this point and her belly was quivering,
  signaling that she was close to climax. Janice stepped up her assault, using
  two fingers to plunge into her niece's wetness and focused her tongue and teeth
  on just the nipples. Finally, Charity's entire body tensed as she let out a
  long, low groan. Janice bit down harder on the nipple and continued to toy
  with the clit, prolonging the orgasm and giving Charity the most intense climax
  of her life.  
Janice finally stopped the movement of her fingers and simply cupped the
  steamy sex for a moment. Then, she repositioned herself so that she was lying
  alongside Charity, holding her, and comforting her. She kissed Charity on the
  lips and held her lips there for a long moment.  
"Beautiful, pet," she murmured as her future slavegirl simply whimpered and
  tried to recover from the intense sexual experience.  
Chapter 4: The Slippery Slope  
The next morning was Saturday and Janice knew that Charity had no plans for
  the weekend. She also knew that her niece would probably be uncomfortable with
  what had happened the night before. Janice planned to escalate the changes
  in the relationship and to keep her niece off balance so that she would have
  no time to resist or pull back.  
Janice was also thankful that her niece had not remembered the ruse about
  an art exhibit on Friday night. That had been concocted as a reason to barge
  in on Charity's bath one night. Janice was not sure how she would have handled
  it if Charity had reminded her of it the previous evening and expressed an
  interest in going.  
Janice sat at the kitchen table sipping coffee until her niece finally emerged.
  Charity was already blushing as she came into the kitchen and quickly walked
  to the coffee pot to pour herself a cup. Bu then she was trapped. She couldn't
  very well walk out without saying anything to her aunt. So she took her cup
  to the table and sat opposite the older woman.  
"Good morning, Aunt Janice," she said with her eyes cast down.  
"Good morning, beautiful girl," said Janice in return. "I enjoyed last night.
  It was very special to me."  
Charity's blush deepened. "I'm glad you enjoyed it, Aunt Janice."  
"Well, it seemed to me that you enjoyed it too."  
Charity didn't know how to respond. It had been the most erotic experience
  of her life. But it had seemed so very, very wrong. She remained silent.  
"You didn't enjoy it?" asked Janice.  
"I did," replied Charity. "I mean I think I did. I was surprised though.
  I guess I'm not used to sex being a recreational thing."  
"Look at me," commanded Janice.  
Charity slowly raised her eyes and looked at her aunt.  
"There should be no guilt or questioning about what we did. You needed release
  and I helped you achieve it because I love you."  
Charity nodded but remained silent.  
"Well I helped you last night," Janice went on. "Tonight, I need you to help
  me." Charity's eyes went wide.  
"No, not like that," Janice continued, "although I might ask that someday.
  And I hope that you would help me with that too. But tonight, I need a date.
  I was hoping that you would accompany me to a party as my date."  
Charity breathed a sigh of relief when she realized she wouldn't have to
  masturbate her aunt. "Oh, of course I'll be your date Aunt Janice. And I love
  you too. More than you can imagine."  
Janice smiled. "Thank you, Charity. I was afraid I would have to cancel.
  I hate going to parties alone."  
Charity smiled and straightened up. "Well we can't have you missing out on
  parties. I would love to go as your date."  
Janice made a show of breathing a sigh of relief. "You always come through
  for me," she said. "Now we just have to find costumes. But that sounds like
  a good excuse for a shopping trip." Janice grinned.  
"Costumes?" wondered Charity. "Shopping trip?"  
"What kind of costume party is it?" asked Charity as the two women pulled
  out of the driveway.  
"Some kind of master and slave thing," replied Janice as she aimed the car
  down the street. "I thought I would go as the master and you could go as my
  slave."  
Charity gasped and then was silent for a moment. Then she spoke softly. "Actually,
  you would go as my mistress."  
Janice laughed and nodded. "I guess that's right. It would take a lot of
  costuming to make me look like a master. So tonight, I'm your mistress."  
Charity felt a mixture of fear and anticipation course through her veins.
  She sat silently throughout the trip as Janice chattered in the background.
  She wondered if she should put a stop to it right now. But curiosity finally
  prevailed and she decided to go through with it.  
Janice guided the car into the parking lot of a store that specialized in
  intimate and erotic apparel. Charity had heard of the place but had never been
  there before. Janice parked and got out. Charity was still fumbling with her
  seatbelt when Janice opened the door and reached across her, letting her arm
  brush against both breasts. "I'll get that for you, little slave girl."  
Charity was walking in a fog as Janice led her by the hand into the store.
  They stopped and took a quick look around before Janice led her charge to the
  counter.  
"I need something for a party for my slave girl and myself," Janice declared
  to the saleslady.  
"She's a beauty," smiled the saleslady whose nametag announced that her name
  was Anne. "Did you buy her from around here?"  
Janice laughed. "No, I didn't buy her. She's a volunteer. And she's my slave
  girl for tonight. But I'm taking her to a party and she needs to look the part."  
"Oh yes," replied Anne with a bit of a frown. Apparently she took slavery
  more seriously than Janice did. "Well, we'll see what we can come up with.
  What kind of slave did you want her to be?"  
"Oh," replied a surprised Janice. "I didn't realize there were different
  types."  
"Oh yes," instructed Anne. "Many different types. Come into the back with
  me and I'll show you some different options."  
Both women followed Anne; one eagerly and one with a fair amount of trepidation.
  They went through a curtain and stopped at a table containing stacks of catalogs.
  Ann found the one she was looking for and started flipping pages.  
"This would be a typical dungeon slave outfit."  
Janice looked at it and then glanced at Charity. "Nice!"  
Charity was aghast when she looked at the picture. The model was naked except
  for heavy leather cuffs about her ankles and wrists and an equally heavy collar
  around her neck. She shuddered as she tried to imagine wearing that outfit
  to the party.  
"I call this one the pussy slave look," remarked Anne as she flipped to the
  next page. Janice quickly shook her head, dismissing it, much to Charity's
  relief. The model in that picture had her head shaved, her tongue pierced and
  wore copious amounts of chains, many of which terminated at rings that pierced
  various parts of the girl's body.  
"Then there's the pony slave," said Anne as she continued the tour of slavery.  
"Very nice," commented Janice. "What do you think, Charity?"  
Charity was dumbstruck as she looked at the latest picture. An elaborate
  array of leather straps crisscrossed the model's otherwise naked body. A metal
  bar was held in place by more leather straps around her head that held the
  bit in her mouth. Her arms were made useless by a kind of sleeve that extended
  from her upper arms to her hands and which held the arms together behind her
  back.  
"But they're all naked!" exclaimed Charity.  
"Of course they are," smiled Anne. "They're slaves." Then Anne flipped through
  several more pages to give Janice some more ideas.  
"So what kind of slave will your pet-for-the-night be?" asked Anne.  
"I just don't know," replied Janice. "There are so many exciting possibilities.
  What do you recommend?"  
"Well, let's see," pondered Anne. She paused for a moment and then spoke
  to Janice. "I'm not sure. Let's see what we have to work with."  
Janice nodded and then turned to Charity. "Be a dear and take off your clothes
  for us."  
"What?!?!?!?" exclaimed Charity.  
"Come now, dear," said Janice as she wrapped an arm around Charity's shoulders
  and hugged her. "Be a good little slave for me."  
"But Aunt Janice!" protested Charity. "I had no idea that I'd be parading
  around naked. I can't do that!"  
"Of course you can," replied Janice giving Charity another hug. "You have
  a beautiful body."  
Janice then turned to Anne. "She is uncomfortable about her body."  
"I'm not uncomfortable about my body, Aunt Janice!" insisted Charity. "I'm
  uncomfortable about being naked!"  
"Same thing, dear. But maybe Anne can fix you up with a mask or something
  so nobody will know it's you. Now be a good girl and take off your clothes."  
"But.." protested the girl.  
"Now!" commanded Janice.  
With a groan and the roll of her eyes, Charity reluctantly stripped in front
  of the two women. She draped one arm across her chest and used the opposite
  hand to provide some modesty to her sex but there was no way to hide her blush
  as it seemed to spread from the top of her head to the tips of her toes.  
"Very nice," commented Anne as she walked slowly around Charity. "Very, very
  nice. I have a few ideas for you. Let me go get a few things."  
Anne disappeared through the curtain and returned carrying a tangle of leather
  straps and some articles of clothing that Charity did not recognize. The first
  slave outfit was a corset and heels. The red corset was wrapped around the
  girl and then tightened, reducing Charity's waist by a couple of inches but
  also reducing her breathing to shallow pants. Metal handcuffs trapped her hands
  behind her back and she was helped into the outrageously high-heeled shoes.
  Anne plumped the girl's breasts, causing Charity to step back quickly and almost
  toppling over and then the saleslady stepped back to inspect her work.  
"This would be more of a parlor slave look. Beautiful and decorative. Available
  for sex but unable to serve, although you could lock her hands in front, which
  would provide a little freedom for serving."  
"I like the look," nodded Janice. And indeed she did like it. Charity's breasts
  were supported by the half cups of the corset but were left almost entirely
  exposed. The soft upper swells of each mound, along with the succulent nipples,
  were completely visible. The bottom of the corset left Charity's sex completely
  exposed. And the heels accentuated the fine lines of her legs.  
"If I were you, I'd remove this," said Anne as she tugged on some of Charity's
  pubic hair. "Shaving would enhance the effect. You might also consider a ball
  gag. I have one in a matching red."  
"I think I'll pass on the gag," Janice replied. "But I might just have to
  shave her. It would look nice. We'll see."  
"What is going on?" wondered Charity. She was being handled. And she was
  being talked about as if she weren't even there. "No, it's worse than that," she
  thought. "It's as if I'm here but my thoughts and wishes don't matter!"  
Despite the sudden realization that she was being treated like a pet or an
  inanimate object, she was becoming aroused. Or maybe it was because of how
  she was being treated. She made a mental note to include some of this treatment
  in one of her stories.  
The next outfit was a set of leather straps. Some went around wrists, upper
  arms, ankles and thighs. Each strap had rings sewn into them, apparently for
  fastening things to her. A matching leather collar circled her throat. A set
  of straps were fitted around the base of each breast, squeezing them and causing
  them to bulge slightly. These straps fastened together behind her back. The
  finishing touch was a leather belt that fastened around her waist with two
  straps leading from the front, between her legs to the back where it was attached
  and tightened. Anne then stooped down and adjusted the straps between her legs,
  using them to pull her labia apart.  
"Wet one, isn't she?" observed Anne to Charity's horror.  
"She's always that way," agreed Janice. "She's a hot little number."  
"This one is a variation on the pony theme," informed Anne. "It gives the
  same feel but it would be impractical for real pony play. It does have some
  advantages, however." With that, Anne reached out and bounced the two bulging
  breasts in her palms. "Everything's on display."  
"Very nice," smiled Janice. "I like this one better than the first one."  
"Aunt Janice," whined Charity. She was mortified at the thought of just being
  in this thing, let alone being seen in public in this lewd way.  
"You should get her in the habit of calling you mistress," advised Anne. "It
  will be more realistic at the party."  
"Good idea," agreed Janice. She stepped in front of Charity and held the
  full breasts in her palms, letting her thumbs brush back and forth across the
  very stiff nipples. "From now on, you will call me mistress." Charity groaned
  in response.  
"What was that, little one?" asked Janice.  
"Arrrggghhh!" groaned Charity again. "Yes Mistress," she replied sullenly.  
"Better," smiled Janice. Then she turned her head toward Anne. "What else
  do you have?"  
"I have one more that I would recommend. The harem slave look. By the way,
  is she really your niece?"  
"Yes she is," nodded Janice.  
"Kinky!" grinned Anne. "I love it!"  
Charity was left standing naked with her breasts feeling like they were caught
  in nooses. The stranger who she had just met had walked through the curtain
  after declaring her love of the kinkiness of her current predicament. And she
  was left with her new 'Mistress.'  
"Let me help you out of that," offered Janice as she released the straps
  from behind Charity's back. One by one, the strips of leather were peeled away
  until Charity was left totally naked once again.  
Anne came through the curtain carrying more items. "I love this look. But
  it's totally up to you."  
Charity quickly learned that 'this look' consisted of very little that would
  protect her modesty. The pantaloons that she pulled up her legs were so sheer
  and so diaphanous that she may as well not wear anything, although she did
  not offer that opinion for fear that she might actually end up wearing nothing.  
Anne produced a slender gold chain, which she said she was loaning to Janice.
  It was not for sale, and she expected it to be returned. Charity looked down
  at the progress of the latest outfit and saw the pantaloons being suspended
  low on her hips and the glimmering gold chain around her waist but casually
  draping onto one of her hips. She guessed that this meant that her waist was
  narrower than the normal recipient and her mind started to wander as she wondered
  who Anne had enslaved who normally wore this jewelry.  
"I have one more accent for this costume," Anne announced. Then she stepped
  in front of Charity, holding two baubles in her hand. She grasped Charity's
  right breast with her left hand and then lifted one of the ruby-red baubles
  in her other hand. Charity looked on in shock as she watched the clamp that
  was attached to the gemstone open and position itself around her tender nipple.
  Anne was kind by slowly closing the clamp but Charity still felt pain shooting
  through her breast. It was not much better when her left breast received the
  same treatment.  
Anne stood behind Charity with a hand on each shoulder and led the girl to
  a mirror. Charity was shocked by what she saw. She was surprised at how strikingly
  beautiful and erotic the outfit made her look. And she was mortified that her
  aunt intended her to wear something like this.  
"Aunt Janice!" Charity started, but she was cut off abruptly as Anne gave
  her bottom a slap.  
"What were you supposed to call her?" asked the saleslady.  
"Oh jeeessshhhh," muttered Charity. "Mistress, I can't wear this. I'm indecent!"  
"You are anything but indecent," remarked Janice as she flicked the red jewels
  dangling from each breast and caused them to sway back and forth. "You are
  gorgeous. I like this outfit the best. We'll take it."  
"But Aun&hellip;Mistress. I can't go to a part like this."  
"Of course you can. It's a costume party. I'm going to be in a costume too."  
"But you aren't going to be naked! Besides, what if someone recognizes me?"  
"I have just the thing," offered Anne. She produced a small flimsy piece
  of cloth and draped it across Charity's face so that her face was covered from
  the nose down. Only two beautiful eyes could be seen. "There you go. You can
  go anonymously now."  
The flimsy piece of cloth turned out to be a delicately bordered veil of
  fine silk, woven so that it was translucent. Features of her nose and lips
  and chin could be detected but the material was not sheer enough to allow anyone
  to recognize her.  
The veil did seem to go naturally with the rest of the outfit and it did
  make her look even more fetching. With only her eyes being clearly visible,
  they took on an entirely new beauty. She liked the veil.  
But the rest of the outfit was outrageous. Her torso was completely bare
  except for the ridiculous baubles dangling from her breasts. And she might
  as well be wearing no pantaloons at all. The material was so sheer that everything
  was clearly on display.  
"I can't do this," groaned Charity.  
"Oh of course you can," corrected Janice. And then she turned to Anne. "We'll
  take the entire outfit. But don't box it just yet. Let Charity get used to
  it while we pick out an outfit for me."  
Charity stood and watched as Anne brought garments into the back of the store.
  Janice seemed unabashed about exposing her body to the other two women. She
  stripped down to nothing before trying on the first outfit and then remained
  naked between outfits.  
Charity would occasionally cross her arms over her chest, more out of habit
  than for modesty. Each time, Anne would take each of Charity's wrists and place
  them behind her back, crossing them. By the fifth time that she corrected Charity,
  it was happening less frequently and after that fifth correction, Charity obediently
  left her hands tucked into the small of her back.  
Janice did not know what she wanted and Anne patiently led her through a
  wide range of choices. Some of them almost caused Charity to giggle. For instance,
  one was a black vinyl catsuit with a hood. The hood encased Janice's hair and
  covered her eyes. Janice could see through the two holes and the rest of her
  face was uncovered. Charity almost laughed, however, when she realized that
  her aunt looked more like a superheroine from a comic strip than a mistress.
  Charity nicknamed this one the batgirl costume.  
Another outfit consisted of a vest of chains, held up by leather straps,
  and leather chaps with more chains arranged to cover Janice's sex and bottom.
  It was clear that Janice would be covered when she was motionless but that
  each movement would result in some part of her anatomy being exposed. Charity
  dubbed this the peekaboo costume.  
There were the biker broad and the dungeon mistress costumes. The latter
  had whips and various other instruments of torture dangling from a belt around
  Janice's waist.  
Janice tried on a black leather catsuit, but this one did not have a hood.
  It was also missing other pieces. Two cutouts in the chest provided an opportunity
  to expose Janice's breasts. Anne had helped Janice with this one and they had
  to try several before they found a suit with holes large enough for Anne to
  tug the ample orbs through. Charity mused that most mistresses must be small-chested.
  It was also missing most of the back. The neckline plunged deeper than anything
  Charity had ever seen and left much of both of Janice's bottom cheeks exposed.
  Thin straps crisscrossed several times across the back to hold the garment
  together.  
Charity started to wonder if she were being childish or prudish. Janice did
  not seem to mind being nude. In fact, she remained naked even when she could
  have put something on to cover herself for a few minutes between outfits. At
  one point, she even walked through the curtain into the open store when she
  wanted to show Anne something she had seen on the way in. Charity didn't know
  if there were other customers in the store. But then, neither did Janice when
  she strutted into the open.  
And Janice didn't seem to mind others touching her. Anne had cupped her sex
  to check the fit of one outfit, plumped her breasts for another outfit and,
  most recently, had grasped and pulled on the breasts to try to get them through
  holes that were clearly too small for her aunt. "Maybe I am a prude," thought
  Charity. "Should I just go to the party? After all, nobody will know who I
  am."  
Then, in an amazing feat of rationalizing away a problem, Charity decided
  to become a slavegirl for a night. Her argument had three parts to it. First,
  she would prove to herself and to her aunt that she could be adventurous and
  she wasn't a prude. Second, nobody would recognize her. They wouldn't even
  see her face. And third, she might get some good story ideas. She had a bunch
  of unfinished stories. Maybe this party would guide her toward some ways of
  enhancing the plots and coming up with good endings.  
"Charity," said Janice, breaking the girl out of her reverie. "What do you
  think?"  
Charity wiggled her chest back and forth causing her breasts to sway and
  setting the baubles in motion. "I love it, Mistress!"  
Janice almost fell over at Charity's excited response. But she just smiled
  and then turned to Anne. "We'll take it. Now take off your costume, Charity,
  so Anne can box it."  
"Yes, Mistress," replied Charity, cheerfully, as she started to remove her
  few articles of clothing. She saved the nipple pendants for last but finally
  removed them and placed them on top of the folded garments. Now it was Janice's
  turn to be confused at the sudden change of Charity's behavior.  
"You may still want to shave her," recommended Anne as she prepared the receipt. "The
  pantaloons are sheer enough that it would still enhance the effect."  
Chapter 5: Plunging In  
Despite her earlier resolve, Charity was nervous as Janice pulled the car
  into the driveway and drove toward the faraway mansion. She was having second
  thoughts about this adventure but kept reminding herself that it was all being
  done for the stories.  
That afternoon, Charity and Janice had bathed together. Janice explained
  that, as long as she had a slavegirl, she wanted to be pampered. Charity shampooed
  and washed her temporary mistress and Janice reciprocated. Janice made sure
  that the tub stayed warm by occasionally turning the faucet on to add more
  hot water. Charity was actually enjoying the experience. It was fun to gab
  like schoolgirls with her aunt and she loved it when Janice pampered her by
  shampooing her hair. Then, for the longest time, Charity laid back in the tub
  against the older woman. Janice wrapped her arms around her niece and held
  her. It was one loving naked body leaning against another loving naked body.  
Finally, Janice announced that they would start to look like prunes if they
  didn't get out soon. But she said that she wanted to shave Charity first. Charity
  honestly had no desire to return to the pre-pubescent look, but because of
  her earlier decision, she popped up and perched herself on the side of the
  tub.  
"Yes, Mistress," she said as she spread her legs wide to make it easier for
  her aunt.  
"Good girl," said Janice. Then she used a bar of soap to lather up her hands
  and rubbed the suds into the pubic patch. A few swipes of the razor later and
  Charity was as smooth as a baby's bottom. Janice tilted her head forward and
  kissed the denuded pubic mound. "You are such a good girl."  
Janice stopped the car at the front of the house where a valet helped the
  ladies from the car and then took the car away. Both women were wearing trench
  coats to cover their near nudity and were ushered into the house by a doorman.  
Janice had a momentary panic attack when she realized that both the doorman
  and the valet were dressed normally and she wondered if she had overdone, or
  rather underdone, their costumes. But her fears were set to rest as they were
  greeted inside by a petite maid.  
They could tell that she was a maid by the little white cap that she wore
  and the lacy white apron. But other than those two clues and a white collar
  around her neck, they saw that the girl was naked. A fine gold chain ran between
  each of her pierced nipples and it swayed as she curtseyed to the new arrivals.  
"Welcome to Falcon Roost," she said. "May I take your coats?"  
"Yes please," replied Janice as she turned to allow the maid to remove her
  coat. Charity noticed that Janice's nipples were rock hard and she knew that
  hers were too. The maid removed Charity's coat, revealing the near-naked slavegirl,
  and then hung both coats in the closet.  
"Please follow me to the sitting room," instructed the maid.  
"Mistress!" whispered Charity. "My veil!"  
"Oh, I nearly forgot," nodded Janice. "Give us just a minute," she said to
  the maid. Then she walked back to her coat and pulled out the veil, attaching
  it on Charity's head to protect her identity.  
"Mustn't forget these," she said, holding up the red baubles. Then she lifted
  Charity's right breast, flicked the nipple a few times until it had the desired
  stiffness, and clamped the pendant to the breast. She repeated the action with
  the second breast but used her tongue instead of her finger, much to Charity's
  surprise.  
The maid then led them to the sitting room where about a dozen people were
  chatting and enjoying cocktails. Claire was the first to notice the new pair
  and she rushed to Janice, giving her a hug.  
"You look smashing, love," Claire admired. "So daring and yet so dominant.
  And what a lovely slavegirl you have." She gave Charity a hug and watched as
  Charity blushed. Charity had met Clair on many occasions and she realized that
  Janice's friend would probably recognize her. She just hoped that there weren't
  many others who would figure out who she was.  
Claire and Janice chatted for a few minutes, which gave Charity an opportunity
  to survey the room. Some of the guests were clearly dressed as dominants and
  some were clearly costumed as slaves. As a general rule, dominants wore more
  clothing and that clothing tended to be black. Whips, crops and paddles dangling
  from waists were also a dead give away.  
Submissives tended to be naked, or mostly naked and tended to be kneeling.
  Charity counted seven slaves other than herself. Four of them were women who
  ranged in age from about eighteen or nineteen to fortyish. All were very attractive
  and, surprisingly, none of them seemed to be embarrassed or uncomfortable with
  their situation.  
One of the slaves was a male in his mid-twenties. He was lean and athletic-looking
  and did not seem to have a hair on his toned body other than on his head. He
  was kneeling beside a thirtyish woman who was sitting and talking with a male
  dominant. He was also completely naked except for a leather band that went
  around the base of his cock and his scrotum. This had the effect of pulling
  his cock, which was semi-erect, down slightly while, at the same time, stretching
  his balls away from his body and stretching them upward.  
The last two slaves were a man and woman in their early thirties. Charity
  almost gasped when she recognized the woman as one of her professors at the
  college and was very thankful that she had the veil. The woman had a ring piercing
  each nipple and wore a collar with a gold tag dangling in front of it, which
  she could not read. Other than that, she was naked. The man had a matching
  collar with another gold tag but was naked except for that.  
Charity looked at the dominant who was sitting between the kneeling couple
  and gasped. He was another one of her professors. And he was staring intently
  at her.  
Charity felt a change come over her at that instant. Somehow, she became
  one of the characters from one of her stories. She was a slavegirl. She was
  her aunt's property for the night. And that seemed right. Everything was as
  it should be.  
"What do you think, beautiful slave?" Claire's voice shook her out of her
  reverie.  
"I'm sorry, Mistress. I wasn't listening."  
Claire laughed. "How quickly they get lost in sub space. I was asking what
  you thought about your Mistress' outfit."  
"I think it's beautiful. I think she's beautiful," Charity quickly responded. "I'm
  very lucky to have such a loving and beautiful owner." She heard herself say
  the words but wondered where they came from.  
"Yes you are. What is your name slave girl?"  
Charity thought quickly. She couldn't very well use her real name, especially
  with two of her teachers in the room. "Athena, Mistress."  
"Athena," mused Claire. "Yes, you are a little goddess." Claire reached up
  and tugged lightly on each of the pendants, stretching the nipples and causing
  Charity's eyes to open wide in response. "You are very lucky to have Janice
  as a mistress."  
Claire led Janice and Charity around the room, introducing them to each of
  the dominants. The dominants would, in turn, introduce their "slaves." Charity
  was amazed to learn that the naked man and woman were actually husband and
  wife and that they were introduced by their real names. She was surprised that
  Professor Wallings would not want to protect her identity more and was surprised
  that she had been able to convince her husband to go along with the costumes,
  or lack thereof.  
Professor Basworth had continued to stare at her throughout the tour of introductions,
  making Charity increasingly nervous. Had the professor recognized her? She
  couldn't imagine how. Most of her recognizable features were covered and the
  parts of her that were exposed were parts that he had never seen before. But
  it was still disconcerting to have his eyes on her.  
Guests continued to arrive and the room started to become crowded, causing
  the party to spread out a bit. Janice led Charity outdoors to the patio where
  several others had gathered. It was there that Professor Basworth approached
  the two women.  
"Lovely slave you have there. But I'm curious. Why no collar?"  
"Thank you," replied Janice. "And she isn't wearing a collar tonight because
  I didn't think that it went with her outfit."  
Professor Basworth nodded. "But she is your slave?"  
"Yes, I assure you that she is my slave. I own every square inch of her," Janice
  said. She emphasized her point by reaching up and squeezing one of Charity's
  breasts. Charity was embarrassed by this and felt her cheeks blushing. It was
  one thing to be naked in public. It was another thing entirely to be fondled
  in front of a stranger.  
"Why do you cover her face?" asked the professor.  
"I think it adds to the mystery and allure. I have seen you watching her.
  You are obviously curious. You might not be so interested if there was no mystery."  
"Oh, but I think I would still be interested. She's a beauty. How long have
  you owned her?"  
"She's a recent addition," said Janice. "In fact, this is the first time
  I've had her in public."  
"And it's the first time I've met you at one of these," observed the professor. "And
  I know that I would have remembered you if I met you. You are quite beautiful
  yourself."  
This caused Janice to blush. "Thank you, Professor."  
"Please call me Hal," he smiled as he lifted Janice's hand to his lips and
  kissed it. "And you are quite welcome. I hope that we will be seeing more of
  you in the future."  
Janice giggled and shook her chest causing her breasts to bounce back and
  forth. "Well I don't know if I dare show more than I already am."  
The two dominants hit it off well and continued chatting. Charity stood by
  silently and worried about what a friendship between the two could lead to. "Thank
  god for veils," she thought.  
"How long have you owned your slaves?" asked Janice.  
"About three years," responded Hal, surprising Charity. What did that mean? "But
  they are both part-timers. They make themselves available to me whenever I
  summon them."  
"And how did you come to own them?"  
"A lapse in judgment on her part. An indiscretion that could have cost her
  job and possibly landed her in prison. It was simply a matter of pointing out
  the wisdom of submitting to my will in exchange for my silence."  
"Ah," commented Janice. "Blackmail."  
"Blackmail is such an ugly word. I prefer to think of it as a contractual
  agreement. I provided my silence. She provided me with a deed to her body and
  that of her husband."  
"How was he convinced to be owned?" asked Janice.  
"I'm not exactly sure what she said to him," responded Hal. "I never asked.
  But that was the deal. She had to deliver a contract with two signatures. And
  she did that. It was a bit of an adjustment for him, but he seems to be coping
  now."  
Janice nodded. "I never would have thought about owning a couple. It must
  keep you busy."  
Hal smiled. "Well they aren't live-in. That truly would wear me out. And
  I only summon them once or twice a week. And usually, I only summon one of
  them at a time. I only have both of them together about once a month."  
Charity was getting really confused at this point. This was starting to sound
  like much more than role-playing at a costume party. Could Professor Wallings
  really be a slave? Cold it be true that the professor had been a slave the
  entire time she had known her? And what about the other submissives at the
  party? Were they really slaves also?  
"I'm sure that Bill is not real wild about when I summon him alone. But he's
  gotten used to a good buggering and has actually become quite accomplished
  with blowjobs."  
Both Charity's and Janice's eyes opened wide at that last comment. They each
  had a hard time picturing Hal with his cock embedded in the ass of his colleague's
  husband.  
"Will Athena be available for sampling later tonight?" asked Hal. This caused
  Charity's heart to jump into her throat.  
"I'm afraid not. Tonight, she's just on display. I promise you that you can
  enjoy her at future gatherings, though."  
Hal sighed and reached up to cup one of Charity's breasts in his palm. "A
  pity. But I will look forward to that future gathering."  
Then, he reached up and lifted one of Janice's firm, full breasts. "And I
  will have to start to find ways of capturing you also. You would make two beautiful
  pets." Janice blushed again as the master held and caressed her exposed breast.  
"Well, I must bet back to my pets," said Hal, finally. "After meeting the
  two of you, however, I'm thinking that I should have let them stay at home." Hal
  left them together on the patio as he went back into the house.  
"Aunt Janice&hellip; I mean Mistress," whispered Charity as she leaned in
  toward her aunt. "I don't think this is a costume party."  
Janice smiled and reached up to stroke the soft outer swells of Charity's
  breasts. She leaned forward and kissed her slavegirl's forehead. "It is for
  us," she replied.  
"I mean I think these people are really slaves. And I know two of them. And
  they know me.!"  
Janice continued to let her fingers enjoy Charity's warm flesh and started
  to push the pendants back and forth with her thumbs. "I wondered about that.
  So you've taken classes with the professor? And who is the other one you recognize?"  
"His slave, Mistress. She's another one of my professors."  
"Really?" smiled Janice. "How interesting."  
Chapter 6: Final Plans  
On Sunday afternoon, Janice left the house while Charity was studying. She
  drove to Claire's house and spent several hours talking with her dominant friend
  to get some ideas to enslave her niece.  
Claire told her that they had made quite an impression on the gathering and
  everyone was anxiously awaiting the next get-together. Two people had inquired
  about the possibility of buying Charity, which shocked Janice. One of the dominants
  had even asked about the possibility of buying Janice. The new mistress just
  shook her head in disbelief. "That must have been the good professor."  
"It was," nodded Claire. "But I can't blame him. He has good taste. I myself
  would not mind owning that cute ass of yours."  
Janice rolled her eyes in response. "Puhleeeeaaaase!" she said dramatically. "One
  slavegirl at a time."  
"That's fine with me. I can wait," grinned Claire.  
Then the two women explored various options for enslaving Charity. Claire
  asked about the possibility of blackmail, as the professor had done. Janice
  was not sure that would work. Her niece was one of those people who never even
  thought about doing something wrong, let alone illegal.  
"What about those stories she writes?" asked Claire. "She probably wouldn't
  want it to get out about that." Janice agreed that the stories might work,
  although she wanted to explore other options.  
"By the way," added Claire, "those stories are fantastic! She could probably
  make a comfortable living just selling those."  
Claire introduced the idea of drugging her or brainwashing the girl. Janice
  was squeamish about those ideas. She didn't want to harm her niece and she
  didn't want to change her personality.  
Kidnapping was floated as a possibility. "I could have her disappear and
  have her trained," offered Claire. "And then we could transfer title to you."  
Janice thought that idea might work for someone else. But she had family
  to think about. It would be hard to explain how her houseguest vanished from
  sight for a month or two and then magically reappeared with no explanations
  given.  
"It seems that the whole idea of being a slave fascinates her," observed
  Janice. "She is the slave in each of her stories. And I am her owner. There
  ought to be a way to use that knowledge."  
"Maybe you just push," said Claire. "Maybe you just tell her that things
  have changed and she belongs to you now. What's the worst thing that could
  happen?"  
"She could say no?"  
"Then there's always blackmail or kidnapping."  
The two women then spent the next two hours making love. Again, it resembled
  a wrestling match at times as Claire continued to try to dominate her friend.
  She even managed to get Janice's hands cuffed behind her back and spent a good
  fifteen minutes with Janice draped across her knees for a spanking. But in
  the end, after each had enjoyed several orgasms, they parted as equals.  
As soon as Janice walked in the door, the phone rang. It was Claire. "I had
  an idea. Give her to me for a week after school ends. I'll train her to worship
  you so you don't have to go through all the messy resistance. And she won't
  be tempted to keep slipping back into the aunt/niece roles."  
Janice laughed. "I'll think about it."  
Chapter 7: Acquisition  
Other than her nightly visit to Charity's bath, Janice did nothing to push
  the new relationship on Sunday. It did dawn on her, however, that Charity could
  have locked the door to the bathroom on many nights. But she never did. Janice
  knew that Charity had a test on Tuesday, so she limited her involvement on
  Monday night to the normal mealtime activities and the now-normal bath-time
  visit.  
After the dishes had been cleared on Tuesday night, however, Janice decided
  to move the relationship forward. She went into the den as Charity put the
  last few dishes away and plopped herself down on the couch. When Charity came
  into the room, Janice patted the cushion beside her. Charity also plopped herself
  down and then leaned against her aunt resting her cheek on the older woman's
  shoulder.  
"I can't believe that the end is so close," Charity said. Janice lifted her
  arm and draped it around her niece leaving Charity's cheek resting against
  the side of her breast.  
"You have worked hard," said Janice. I'm very proud of you. But you need
  to relax a bit before exams next week. What do you have tomorrow?"  
"Only a noon study group," replied Charity who never even flinched at the
  contact with her aunt's breast. "I should be able to spend most of the day
  preparing for exams."  
"Then tonight is free time," announced Janice.  
"But..!" started Charity who felt that she should be studying or something.  
"I command it," interceded Janice. "All work and no play is not good."  
"Well, what am I supposed to do tonight then?"  
Janice laughed. "I don't know. Talk? Sleep? Whatever."  
Charity nodded and acceded to Janice's wish. Janice then repositioned Charity
  so the girl's head lay in her lap and she combed her fingers through the beautiful
  blonde hair.  
"What do you want to talk about?" asked Charity from her new position as
  she looked up at her aunt.  
"Well let's start with next year," replied Janice. "Have you decided which
  courses you are going to take?"  
"I know which ones I want to take. But it will all depend on the schedule.
  And whether or not I can get in them."  
Charity went on to describe what she wanted to study the following Fall and
  which courses were supposed to be hard and which professors were supposed to
  be popular.  
Then the conversation changed to boys and both women shared stories about
  romances that they had had in the past. Janice kept moving her fingers through
  her niece's hair and moved her other hand to rest on Charity's firm but soft
  belly. If Charity objected to this intimacy, she showed no outward signs.  
They gabbed about friends and shared rumors that they had heard. Charity
  shared a particularly juicy one about one of their neighbors. The wife was
  apparently having some extramarital fun and was not being overly discrete about
  it.  
"Do you plan on staying here next year?" asked Janice.  
"Oh yes, Aunt Janice. I love living with you. I mean I plan to stay here
  if you'll have me."  
Janice smiled and leaned down to kiss Charity on the forehead. "Of course
  you are welcome to stay here. And I love living with you." Janice started moving
  her hand in slow circles over Charity's belly and eventually slipped her hand
  under the t-shirt to be able to make contact with the warm, naked flesh.  
A little while later, Janice steered the conversation in a new direction. "Do
  you have any fantasies?"  
"I suppose everyone has fantasies," the niece responded.  
"I suppose you're right," agreed Janice. "So what are your fantasies?"  
"Oh," said Charity hesitantly. There was a long pause as she thought about
  her answer. "I'm not sure I should say, Aunt Janice."  
"Come on," urged the aunt. "You already said everyone has them. Why not share
  them."  
"Well, I'm not sure that many people have fantasies like mine. They're kind
  of strange. And kind of private."  
"Spit them out, girl. We have no secrets here."  
Again, there was a long pause before Charity spoke. "Well, I have fantasies
  about being a slave."  
"Oh," said Janice. She tried as best she could to act surprised but not judgmental.  
"I know. Now you think I'm weird or perverted or something."  
"I don't think you're weird," assured Janice. "And I certainly don't think
  you're perverted. I'm just a little surprised. You seemed uncomfortable the
  other night at the party."  
"Yeah, that was a little too strange," agreed Charity. "Maybe it was a little
  too close to home. I didn't know what to think."  
"Well you were a beautiful slavegirl for me. I was very proud of you. Tell
  me what was going through your mind that night. Or the whole day, for that
  matter." Janice kept rubbing in circles under the shirt, moving up and down,
  making large circles and then small.  
"It wasn't just my mind that was affected. My whole body got into the act," described
  Charity. "It might have been the most erotic day of my life."  
"So you liked being my slave?"  
"Oh yes," responded Charity quickly. "In my fantasies, I always end up with
  you owning me."  
"Oh," replied Janice as she tried very hard not to smile. "I'm very flattered
  that you would want to be my property. How do I end up owning you?"  
"All different ways," explained Charity. "Kidnapping, blackmail. You have
  purchased me, traded another slave for me, won me in a card game. And in one
  fantasy, I just volunteer to be your slave."  
"Well I could never kidnap you or blackmail you," said Janice as she moved
  her hand over Charity's breast and gave it a loving squeeze. Surprisingly,
  the girl did not object or even flinch. "I would definitely buy you if you
  were ever for sale, though."  
"I'm so glad that you don't think I'm weird. I was afraid I'd gross you out."  
Janice leaned down again, but this time she kissed her niece on the lips,
  letting the kiss linger for a moment. "I would have a hard time imagining you
  ever grossing me out." Her fingers moved slowly over the firm breast as she
  continued to push farther and farther.  
"Now, I just have to figure out which way I will enslave you," Janice finally
  announced. "So many possibilities. It will be a tough decision."  
Charity giggled. "Thanks for playing along, Aunt Janice."  
Janice peered down her nose at the girl in her lap. "Who said anything about
  playing along?"  
Charity gulped. "You're serious?"  
Janice nodded. "Of course I'm serious. You dream of being a slave. I dream
  of owning a slave."  
"Oh my," whispered Charity.  
"From this point forward, your body and your mind and your soul belong to
  me," declared Janice. Charity's eyes went wide with surprise. "We still need
  some way of making it official. I'll talk to my lawyer tomorrow. In the meantime,
  you're overdressed. My slaves are always naked."  
Charity scrambled off the couch quickly. "How will you make it official?" she
  asked as she shed her clothes.  
"A contract, I suppose," replied Janice. You can think of it as giving me
  title to you. And you will have to call your mother tomorrow to let her know
  that you'll be spending the Summer here. We can make up a story about a Summer
  job.  
"Oh gosh! What will my parents think when they find out I'm your slave?"  
"I don't think they'll be too happy. But there's no need for them to find
  out."  
"They're bound to find out eventually," Charity said as she stood before
  her new owner.  
"Kneel," commanded Janice in a soft tone. Charity immediately obeyed. "You
  let me worry about things. From this point forward, you only have to worry
  about getting good grades and pleasing me."  

Charity nodded slowly as if in a trance. She was finally living the life
  that she wrote about and dreamed about. Here she was naked and kneeling at
  the feet of her owner.  
"What will my duties be, Mistress?" she asked as she looked up at Janice. "What
  will you have me do?"  
Janice smiled and cupped Charity's chin in her hand, holding it. "Whatever
  I want." This elicited a puzzled look from the new slave so Janice elaborated. "You
  will have chores but that's nothing new. I plan to exhibit like I did at the
  party. I plan to have you pleasure me. I may loan you to others. I may have
  you do things that you don't want to do. I don't know all of the ways I'll
  use you. But you will do whatever I decide."  
"Yes Mistress," replied Charity feeling a chill rush down her spine as she
  wondered what her aunt had in store for her.  
"Now it's time for you to start earning your keep. Draw me a bath and then
  afterwards, I plan on testing out that sweet tongue of yours."  
"Yes Mistress," replied Charity as she blushed.  
Chapter 8: The Contract  
The next day, Janice drew up the 'legal contract' although there was nothing
  legal about it. The document described Charity as the property of Janice who
  would have sole discretion on how the girl was to be used. It provided a section
  on the roles and responsibilities of the owner, which included providing for
  the nourishment and health of the slave, teaching and disciplining Charity
  and making whatever rules deemed appropriate. There was also a section on the
  roles and responsibilities of the slave. These included keeping herself in
  shape (described in the contract as maintaining her Mistress' property), abiding
  by the rules and completely obeying her new owner. Janice set the term of the
  enslavement to be from that day until the end of August. A new contract could
  be negotiated before school started in the Fall. And Janice found a form on
  the internet that she attached. The form would be filled out by Charity. It
  had a list of sexual activities and Charity would rate each one in terms of
  her experience with the activity and her interest in it. Janice added a third
  column in which she would indicate which activities would be fair game over
  the Summer.  
Charity arrived home in the afternoon and found Janice at the kitchen table
  with the small stack of papers. Then she cringed as the stern look she got
  from her aunt.  
"I thought I made it clear that my slave will be naked."  
"Sorry Mistress," muttered Charity as she quickly shed her clothes.  
Janice pushed her chair back and then looked at Charity. "Over my knees."  
Charity nodded meekly and then draped her naked body across Janice's knees.
  A hard smack immediately fell on the exposed, upthrust globes, followed by
  a little yelp. Janice then ran her hand over theh abused flesh where she already
  saw a handprint forming.  
"I am very serious about this Charity. This is not a game. You will belong
  to me totally."  
"Yes Mistress," was the reply, followed by another squeal as the other bottom
  cheek was punished. Charity received ten strokes in all as Janice explained
  that the girl needed to obey every command. When the punishment was finished,
  Janice reached between the legs and stroked Charity until she tensed and moaned
  in orgasm.  
Charity then spent the next forty minutes filling out the form that was to
  become part of her slavery contract. When she finished, Janice had her sit
  on top of the table with her legs spread wide. Janice placed the form on the
  table between the outstretched legs and then slowly went through the form,
  filling out the third column. A check mark in that column meant that it was
  fair game. A blank meant that it would not be tried. The list was alphabetical
  and, early on Charity realized that amputation and asphyxiation were left blank.
  But she was shocked to see her aunt put a check next to bestiality and then,
  a minute later, check off branding.  
When all was said and done, the only items that were unchecked had to do
  with death or the removal of body parts. Every other deviant behavior was "fair
  game" as her aunt put it. The list was very unsettling to the girl.  
"Now that it's official," said Janice, let's make it look official. She produced
  a small rectangular box and held it before Charity, opening the lid slowly.
  Inside was a beautiful gold necklace. It consisted of ornate solid ovals of
  gold that were held together by fine gold links. One of the links had a single
  word engraved: Slave.  
Janice removed the necklace and wrapped it around Charity's neck. There was
  no hasp. Instead, it was secured by a tiny gold padlock that could only be
  opened with a tiny gold key. Janice locked the collar on and then came around
  to the front of Charity. The key was hung around Janice's neck on a fine gold
  chain.  
"Not too snug, I hope," said Janice as she slipped a finger between the collar
  and Charity's throat.  
"No, Mistress," whispered Charity with her eyes starting to water. "It's
  perfect. Thank you."  
"You will always wear that for me," Janice went on, "although we'll have
  to reverse it for when you go out in public. There's no sense in advertising
  to the whole world that you're a slave."  
"Yes Mistress," nodded Charity, enjoying the feel of her new collar.  
Janice then lifted a hand and stroked Charity's cheek with her fingers, moving
  them until one finger moved back and forth across the full, beautiful lips. "Who
  do these belong to?"  
Charity cast her eyes down and felt herself starting to blush. "You, Mistress," she
  said.  
Then Janice opened Charity's mouth and rubbed a finger slowly up and down
  the slippery tongue. "And who owns this tongue?"  
"It belongs to you, Mistress."  
Janice then repeated the question several more times as she held breasts,
  sex and bottom cheeks. She even slid a finger into Charity's bottom and asked
  the question, causing Charity to suck in her breath. Each time, the answer
  was the same. Each time, Charity confirmed that she no longer owned her body.
  It was now the property of her mistress.  
When this little ritual was finished, Janice hugged her new slave and kissed
  her. Hands grasped the naked bottom cheeks and squeezed as tongues danced together.
  Both women were left breathless by the time the lips parted.  
"Mistress, may I ask a question?" asked Charity after she had somewhat recovered
  from the embrace.  
"Yes, pet," replied Janice.  
Hearing herself being called 'pet' sent a rush of excitement through her
  body. "Do you really plan on doing all of those things?"  
"What things?"  
"All of those things that you checked off on that list, Mistress."  
"I don't honestly know, little one. But I wanted you to know that I could.
  Your body is mine now to do with as I please. I decide how it's to be used.
  But now it's time to go call your parents and tell them you won't be coming
  home for the Summer. And then you may have the rest of the evening to yourself.
  But when you're finished with your studies or whatever you are planning on
  doing, I want you in my bed."  
"Yes, Mistress," Charity smiled brightly. "And thank you for the collar.
  It's beautiful."  
Charity called her parents and gave them the news. The conversation went
  much better than she had expected. They were surprised but not resistant to
  the decision, although she knew that they would have been aghast if they had
  known the truth.  
Then she opened her closet door so she could use the full length mirror.
  She stood in front of the mirror for several minutes admiring her new collar.
  Then she spent much of an hour practicing various poses that she had read or
  written about. Some were standing and she looked for the best way to pose with
  her hands behind her back or behind or on top of her head. Many were kneeling.
  She wanted to look perfect when her Mistress chose to display her.  
"I'm finally a slave," she whispered to herself. "I was born to be a slave."  
Chapter 9: Slave Sisters  
Charity grew to view the weekly gatherings with apprehension. Since becoming
  her aunt's slave, the two were always on the invitation list and Aunt Janice
  always rearranged her schedule to be able to attend.  
The beginning of each of these events was always the same. It started with
  a cocktail party with naked slaves mingling with clothed owners. Even the slaves
  were allowed to talk and chat during these periods.  
After awhile, however, it became time for "the event." The nature of the
  event changed with each gathering. Once, the event involved sex. Another time,
  it involved pain. Still another, it involved humiliation.  
Charity thought back to the last gathering. Hal Bascomb attended with only
  one of his slaves. He had brought Professor Wallings as his slave but had left
  her husband at home. Professors Bascomb and Wallings had both been teachers
  for Charity during the sophomore year of college that she had just finished.
  It had only been four weeks since Charity had learned that Professor Wallings
  and her husband were slaves of Professor Bascomb.  
The event last week had simply been a show of girl-on-girl sex as far as
  Charity was concerned. While slightly embarrassing to both women, they each
  recognized that it could have been much worse. The two slaves were on a long,
  narrow table. Charity, being the slave on the bottom, was lying on her back.
  Her ankles were shackled together but bindings at her knees were attached to
  the sides of the table, keeping her open and exposed. Her wrists were drawn
  over her head and lashed to the sides of the table as well. Professor Wallings
  was on top and was completely unadorned of bindings and was free to move. Professor
  Wallings knelt on all fours so that her head was above Charity's head. Charity
  looked up at her former teacher and whispered, "I'm sorry, Professor."  
Professor Wallings silenced the girl by kissing her, letting her lips linger
  and snaking her tongue into Charity's mouth. This had the desired effect and
  also sent a flush spreading across Charity's body.  
"Call me Jill," whispered the professor after the kiss was broken. Slowly,
  Jill moved her lips down Charity's body leaving a trail of little kisses. When
  she reached the girl's breasts, she stopped and paid attention to the wonderful
  mounds of flesh. With Jill's head over Charity's breasts, this left Jill's
  breasts dangling over Charity's face. Charity looked up at the pendulous breasts
  and mimicked the actions of her professor. Each woman licked, sucked and nipped
  at breast flesh. Each circled nipples with a tongue and suckled on the tender
  morsels. And each emitted little moans as their pleasure built.  
The dominants, meanwhile, circulated around the lewd display. Occasionally,
  Charity would feel a hand rubbing her belly or a finger testing her wetness.
  The dominants talked among themselves, occasionally commenting on the erotic
  show. "Two perfectly matched females," one commented. "They must be enjoying
  it. They're both very wet," said another. "We'll have to match them up more
  often," a third offered.  
Charity marveled at the woman above her as her lips eagerly sucked at Jill's
  nipple. The beautiful redheaded professor was one of the favorites of the student
  body and was clearly Charity's favorite teacher at college. She was sure that
  the males at the college also listed Jill as their favorite, but probably for
  different reasons. In her early thirties, she was just slightly older than
  Aunt Janice and, like Janice, had a face and body that could easily be featured
  in a spread in any men's magazine. Jill was beautiful and sexuality seemed
  to ooze out of every pore. But Charity had taken a shine to her because of
  her warmth and her humor and because of how she seemed to take a genuine interest
  in each of her students.  
Now, she was sucking on the breast of the successful professor as the naked
  professor did the same to her. While Charity had basically volunteered to become
  a slave, however, Jill was doing so against her will. The sociology professor
  had been using some of her federal grant money for personal purposes instead
  of for the research for which it was intended. This was discovered by Professor
  Bascomb who had magnanimously offered to remedy the situation instead of letting
  her lose her position at the college and possibly going to jail. Professor
  Bascomb would reimburse all of the embezzled monies, which by that point was
  nearing a million dollars. The price for this generosity was steep, however.
  Jill and her husband would become his slaves for a period of five years. She
  had reluctantly agreed and her husband had finally acquiesced also to keep
  his wife out of jail.  
Jill moved lower on Charity's body, running her tongue lightly around the
  little indented belly button before positioning her face over Charity's sex.
  This also brought her own sex directly over Charity's face. Both girls used
  their tongues to lick and probe. They used their lips to squeeze and suck.
  Teeth were brought into play to nibble on labia or to scrape lightly over a
  clit. The dominants continued to circulate and comment and one even gathered
  Jill's flowing red hair into his hand to hold it up and give the audience a
  better view of the action.  
It amazed Charity that such a professional and accomplished woman could behave
  so wantonly in front of a crowd. Charity was loving the attention that Jill
  was paying to her sex and tried very hard to return it to the sex positioned
  at her mouth. She felt fingers on each side of her grasping nipples and stretching
  them outward, elongating her breasts. Other hands stroked her arms and legs.
  Her orgasm was approaching and she redoubled her efforts to make sure that
  her partner was not left unfulfilled.  
Both women achieved orgasm nearly simultaneously. Both tongues kept moving,
  prolonging the climax until Jill finally collapsed on top of Charity. The audience
  applauded and then Charity felt her bindings being removed. Each girl was then
  lifted off the table and carried to a corner of the room where they were laid
  down on the floor together with their hands bound behind their backs.  
"I'm truly sorry, Professor.. I mean Jill. But I didn't have a choice."  
"Hush," said the teacher who wiggled closer to Charity until their bodies
  were pressed together tightly. "Neither one of us had a choice. But I liked
  it." She pressed her lips to her student's and they shared a long loving kiss.  
Charity enjoyed the feeling of the warm feminine body against hers and felt
  a bond with this fellow slave. Jill then used her tongue to bathe Charity's
  face and Charity reciprocated to cleanse her partner of the remnants of their
  lovemaking.  
"Isn't it difficult to live two lives?" asked the younger woman.  
"It was at first," replied Jill. "And my husband still has difficulties with
  it. I think it's harder for men. But now it's only difficult when I am exposed
  to people who know me in my other life." Charity nodded and blushed.  
"But it's not difficult with you," Jill went on. "Even though you know me
  as a teacher, I feel comfortable being exposed around you. Maybe it's because
  you're a slave too. But whatever the reason, I loved having you as my partner
  tonight. And I hope that the others were listening when those two recommended
  that we be matched up more often. I would love to love you more."  
This time, it was Charity's turn to initiate a kiss and they held their lips
  together for a long time. "I would love that too," said Charity when they finally
  stopped to breathe.  
After awhile, two males, similarly bound with their hands behind their backs,
  were dumped into the corner with the two girls. They had just finished performing
  a male version of what the two slavegirls had done earlier. But the new arrivals
  were not going to cuddle together and kiss. Instead, they worked together to
  sandwich the girls between them. There were two pairs of spooning bodies with
  the girls facing each other and male bodies pressed against their backs. With
  no hands to assist, the erect cocks poked and prodded several times, bouncing
  off of things and bottom cheeks, once almost finding the wrong hole on Charity,
  before sinking deeply into the wet velvety sheaths and settling into a familiar
  pistoning movement.  
At the end of the event, all were gathered on the lawn prior to departure.
  Dominants were dressed and slaves were mostly undressed. The host stood on
  the front steps of the mansion and thanked everyone for participating. The
  owners of the four performing slaves were especially thanked for putting on
  such wonderful entertainment, but the slaves themselves were never mentioned
  or thanked.  
"Next week is our annual auction," he announced. "So bring your checkbooks
  and be thinking about which slaves you want to take home with you. This year,
  we will be limiting your take to two slaves apiece. Owners will need to submit
  limits lists upon arrival and buyers will need to agree to those terms for
  each slave purchased. This time, the term of enslavement with the temporary
  slaves will be one week. Have a great week and I'll see you next Saturday."  
Charity glanced at Janice who seemed equally surprised about the prospect
  of an auction. Charity waited until they were in Janice's car before pursuing
  the matter. "What's with an auction, Mistress?"  
"I don't know, little one," replied Janice, reaching over to give Charity's
  breast a reassuring squeeze. Charity generally rode naked in the car but usually
  had a long shirt nearby just in case. "It sounds as if some of the slaves will
  be sold next week. But it also sounds like it's just a temporary thing. They
  talked about the term being one week. Would you like to be sold?"  
"I love you, Mistress," replied Charity. "I can't imagine having someone
  else as my owner."  
"I love you too, pet. But what if I chose to enter you in the auction?"  
"I would probably be sad," replied Charity. "But I would not resist. My body
  is your property to do with as you please."  
"Yes it is, dear," nodded Janice.  
Janice needed to learn two things in the upcoming week. She needed to learn
  more about the auction. And she needed to explore Charity's true reaction to
  it. She suspected that, deep down, her slavegirl was thrilled at the prospect
  of standing on the auction block.  
Claire described the auctions as festive affairs and ones that everyone looked
  forward to. It was a chance to give everyone a new experience and generally
  enhanced the slaves' ability to serve. She wasn't sure if that was because
  of the humbling effect of standing on the auction block as bids were being
  tossed about for them or if it was because of the slaves being exposed to new
  training. Typically, the terms of enslavement were much shorter than a week,
  so the temporary owners had to intensify the training. Claire could not remember
  an auction for a week of enslavement but she thought that was a good thing.
  She only wished that she had a slave to enter, but unfortunately, she was between
  slaves.  
There was always a surprise twist to each auction. At one auction, the slaves
  were completely concealed from the waist up and the upper thighs down. The
  buyers could tell if they were bidding on a male or a female and, if the slave
  had not been shaved, then they might recognize a hair color. But most were
  shaved, so there were very few clues.  
At another auction, the slaves were clothed and the dominants were naked.
  She said that one was hysterical. It was outrageously funny to watch as the
  dominants went from uncomfortably trying to cover themselves to eventually
  pawing and groping each other as the sale progressed. At yet another auction,
  the slaves did the bidding to determine which dominant would own them for the
  weekend.  
When checking into the event, each dominant had to submit a limits sheet
  for his or her slave. And each dominant had to sign a form agreeing to whatever
  the surprise was. "But it's all in good fun. And besides, all of the proceeds
  go to charity."  
"Then she laughed. Not your Charity. Oh, but that reminds me. Be sure you
  think through the limits list. That will be law."  
Janice spent a lot of time with her slave that week. She still had Charity
  service her frequently, but she also spent a lot of time chatting with the
  girl to try to understand her feelings about the upcoming weekend.  
"How do your characters feel when they are sold?" asked Janice. Charity was
  the author of many erotic stories involving female slaves. After her own enslavement,
  she had shared those stories with her aunt. She did not know that her aunt
  had previously discovered the stories and that it was that discovery that led
  to Charity's own enslavement.  
"They are terrified and aroused and proud, all at the same time," replied
  Charity.  
"Explain," said Janice as she ran her fingers from Charity's sex to her breasts
  and back.  
"They are terrified because they could end up with horrible owners.
    They are aroused because standing naked and for sale in front of a crowd
    of people is very sexual. I have pictured myself like that and I always get
    aroused. And they are proud when they hear the prices that people are willing
    to pay to own them." 
    
"I have not read any of your new stories, pet. Maybe we can read one together
  tonight."  
"I'm sorry, Mistress, but I haven't written any new stories," replied Charity.  
Janice looked surprised. "Why not? I would have thought that the last few
  weeks would provide you with lots of material for your stories."  
"Oh, they have, Mistress," gushed Charity. "These weeks have been wonderful.
  I think that maybe I'm just storing up stories right now. It's much more fun
  living them than writing about them. But I'm sure I'll end up writing about
  them someday soon."  
Janice smiled. "I'm glad that you are enjoying your slavery. Now back to
  the original topic. Would you expect that you would be more terrified or more
  aroused or more proud if you were offered at auction?"  
"Yes, Mistress."  
Chapter 10: Charity Auction  
By Saturday, Janice had developed a new list of limits for Charity, although
  Charity never saw the new list. Body modifications of any sort, including body
  jewelry and tattoos, were ruled out. Even changing the length or color of her
  hair was off-limits. No marks that would last more than two days were allowed.
  No bodily fluids or excrement were permissible. She had decided to put her
  slave up for auction but did not want her returned as a basket case or as someone's
  idea of an artistic canvas.  
The event was different from the very beginning. There was a registration
  table, for one thing. Janice waited in line with her naked slave for over five
  minutes before she could enroll her in the auction. The man handling registrations
  must have been an accountant in real life, though Janice, because he never
  took his eyes off of the paper in front of him despite having a luscious naked
  woman standing on the other side of the table from him.  
After he reviewed the list of limits and the entry form, he set the papers
  aside and turned to a naked male standing beside the table. "Lot number seventeen." The
  young man then moved to the front of the table and knelt down to paint a blue "17" on
  Charity's right thigh.  
Then, he handed Janice a raffle ticket and had her sign her name on a line
  with her ticket number on it. The matching ticket, with the same number was
  then tossed into a big jar. "Next table," he finally said as a dismissal.  
The two women moved to the next table to continue the process. At that table,
  steel manacles were placed on Charity's wrists and ankles. The manacles were
  connected by heavy chains that dragged on the ground unless she reached down
  and held them up. She looked more like a prisoner than a slave.  
From that table, Charity was led away by a female slave while Janice was
  escorted to the reception area on the lawn by a male slave. Janice was relieved
  to see some familiar faces at the reception. Claire was there, as was Hall
  and several other dominants who she had met in recent weeks.  
"What's the twist this year?" asked Janice.  
"Who knows?" replied Claire. "Maybe they're raffling off a dildo."  
Both women laughed. "So you entered the raffle too?" asked Janice.  
"Everyone who's bidding is in the raffle. Must be dome kind of door prize."  
Hal walked up to the two women at that point and kissed their hands. "You
  two look lovely as usual."  
"Thank you, Professor. You look very handsome yourself," replied Janice.  
"Do you have any idea what the surprise is this year?" asked Claire.  
"No clue," responded Professor Bascomb. "But I'm sure it will be entertaining."  
There was an hour before the auction began. The three dominants chatted for
  half of that time and then walked together to the viewing area where each slave
  was tethered to a pole so that he or she could be inspected by potential buyers.  
"Who do you plan on buying today, Professor?" asked Claire as she bent down
  to inspect a cock in her hand. A male slave was grimacing, not so much of because
  of Claire's attention, but because of the way that Hal was pinching his nipples
  to test their responsiveness.  
"Charity, of course," he replied. And then he turned to Janice and smiled. "Or
  should I call her Athena?" Janice blushed Janice had brought Charity to the
  first event even before she was enslaved. Charity came incognito with a veil
  so that nobody would recognize her, but apparently Hal had not been fooled.  
"Charity is her name," replied Janice.  
Janice glanced over at her slave and saw that she was surrounded by potential
  buyers who were busy squeezing and probing her to assess her value. Professor
  Bascomb would have quite some competition today, she thought.  
Finally, all of the buyers were ushered to their seats and the auctioneer
  came on stage. "The viewing period is over," he announced. "It's time to start
  the sale." Everyone applauded.  
"But first, as is customary, we like to throw a new wrinkle into the event
  each year. SO let's start with that. Each of you received a raffle ticket when
  you registered. If you would each be so kind as to pull those out now and we
  will start the drawing."  
"It's a kind of reverse raffle this year. We will draw two numbers from the
  hat. But instead of getting a prize, the two winners will become prizes. They
  will be auctioned off and will enjoy a carefree week of slavery." Gasps were
  heard around the audience.  
"Oh my," whispered Janice.  
"Relax," Claire said to her friend. "Odds are with you. Besides, it would
  be fun. I wouldn't mind being a slave for a week."  
"If you are ready," the auctioneer continued, "let's find out who the first
  lucky winner is." Then he reached in and stirred the tickets before grabbing
  one and pulling it out. "And the winner is, 1&hellip;7&hellip;4&hellip;5&hellip;3"  
"Shit," Janice heard Hal mutter.  
"All right now, who's our first winner?"  
Hal took a deep breath to gather his courage and then stood up, turning slowly
  and making a dramatic bow to the audience.  
"Hal Bascomb," announced the host in his best game show host imitation, "Come
  on down!"  
Hal straightened up and then strode proudly to the stage as if he were about
  to receive an award. The host shook his hand and then asked the professor if
  he had any comments.  
"It will be a pleasure to serve one of you for the next week." The crowd
  cheered and Hal was ushered offstage behind a curtained area.  
"Now for the second winner. It is 1&hellip;7&hellip;4&hellip;3&hellip;8." Janice
  felt her heart jump into her throat as she stared dumbly at her ticket. Her
  number had just been called. As if in a trance, she slowly stood up.  
"Ah, the lovely Janice White," announced the host. "Our newest mistress.
  Come on down, Janice."  
Janice made it to the stage on wobbly legs and when asked if she had anything
  to say, "Oh my" were the only words she could muster. The crowd roared with
  applause and Janice was ushered behind the curtain.  
There was a brief break before the bidding began. Everyone got up for refreshments
  and compared notes. This gave Claire a chance to think. She had planned to
  buy Charity but knew that Professor Bascomb would be stiff competition. Now,
  her main competitor was out of the bidding, but a new opportunity had presented
  itself. She decided to take Janice home with her as her slave and would work
  on making that arrangement permanent. That way, she might eventually own both
  Janice and Charity.  
The auctioneer came back on stage and everyone took their seats in the lawn
  chairs. "We'll start by auctioning off our two dominants." A naked Hal was
  led onto the stage as the auctioneer spoke. "The dominants will be limited
  to whatever activities they limited their slaves to. Professor Bascomb's entry
  was lot number five so if you all flip to that page, you can peruse it for
  a moment."  
Hal had been sporting an erection when he was led onto the stage. His cock
  was still glistening from the saliva of whoever had placed him in that state
  and it remained erect as the auctioneer turned him to let everyone get a good
  view of him.  
"Now did deep. Remember that all proceeds go to charity. And remember that
  there is a two-slave limit today. Now what am I offered for this fine bull?"  
The bidding went quickly and Hal Bascomb was finally sold for $3500. Claire
  craned her neck to try to see who was bidding but the action was too fast for
  her. Hal was finally led off stage by a naked slavegirl who used his cock as
  a handle to guide him.  
Now we have lot number two, Janice White," the auctioneer continued as Janice
  was led onto the stage. Claire could see that she was blushing from head to
  toe, which contrasted nicely with the blue "2" painted on her thigh.  
Claire started the bidding and the price quickly ran above $5000. But Claire
  was determined and finally won her slavegirl for $6500. Janice then had her
  hands cuffed behind her back and was taken off the stage to be prepared for
  delivery to her new owner. She had no idea who had bought her, though, since
  the bidding had been fast and furious.  
Charity looked on in amazement as she saw her professor and then her mistress
  being sold. "Is nothing sacred around here?" she wondered. How could the two
  owners allow themselves to be sold like that? And she wondered if the experience
  would change the two dominants. She hoped not, at least in the case of her
  mistress. She liked things just the way they were.  
Then, Charity watched the auctioning of the real slaves as, one by one, they
  were brought on stage. The auctioneer conducted these sales a little differently
  than those of the two dominants. For the slaves, he gave a brief description,
  pointing out significant items on or omitted from their limits list and posed
  them to highlight what he thought to be their best features. Breasts were lifted
  in his hand or dangled beneath the slave's chest. Nipples were stretched and
  rolled. Cocks were lifted in his hand and balls were pulled forward. It all
  seemed very humiliating.  
Four slaves had already been sold and now she watched as her new friend,
  Jill Wallings was being displayed and auctioned. The final price was $6500,
  the same price that her mistress had brought and, so far, the highest price
  paid.  
Charity was getting extremely nervous as slave after slave was sold and she
  knew that her turn was coming soon. She was also more aroused than she ever
  remembered being. She only hoped that her excitement was not to obvious. Finally,
  her moment arrived and she was led onto the stage with her shackles clinking
  with each step.  
"Lot number seventeen, our newest slave, if you don't count lots number one
  and two of today's auction. Please take a moment to refer to her limits list.
  You can see she combines a wholesome and beautiful girl-next-door appearance
  with a body usually reserved for wet dreams. Strong lean limbs, wonderfully
  firm breasts," he said as he cupped a breast and lifted it slightly," and a
  petite, firm ass. I don't know if you can see it from where you are sitting," he
  added as he ran a finger through her sex and then held the glistening digit
  up for all to see, "but she is also very arousable."  
The bidding started and it seemed that the world stopped for Charity. She
  saw a blur of motion but did not hear a sound other than the pounding of her
  pulse in her head. In what seemed like an eternity but was probably less than
  a minute, she had been sold. But she didn't have a clue about who bought her
  or how much they had paid. In a daze, she clanked off the stage, being led
  by another slavegirl.  
Chapter 3: Starter Slaves  
Charity was still in a fog as owners started to arrive at the delivery table
  to claim their new purchases. Slowly, however, things started to clear and
  she felt a sense of loss as she saw her mistress standing naked while someone
  was washing the blue number off of her thigh. Then she stood in shock as she
  saw Claire arrive, chat with the cashier, write a check and then lead Janice
  away. "Oh god," thought Charity. "It just gets worse and worse."  
"&hellip;. and seventeen," registered in Charity's ears. Quickly, she turned
  her head as she heard her number being spoken. She looked toward the cashier
  and saw a well-dressed, handsome couple with the man bending down to write
  a check. "There you go. Thirteen thousand dollars." Charity gasped as she realized
  that she had just witnessed the transaction in which her body was sold to another
  individual.  
"Would you like to have your purchases delivered or would you care to take
  them with you?"  
"Let me just pull up the van and we'll take them with us. We brought cages
  along for them."  
Charity gulped. Cages? She was going to be put in a cage? The fortyish man
  then turned and walked away, leaving his wife, who appeared to be in her mid
  to late thirties, with the cashier.  
"Can you have someone bring our pets to me?" asked the woman.  
"Sure thing. I'll get them right away. Soon after that, Charity was brought
  forward to the woman by a man holding onto her upper arm to guide her. "Oh
  she's darling," exclaimed the woman who reached out and stroked Charity's cheek. "And
  where's lot number five? Oh here she comes."  
Charity was surprised to see that the couple had purchased both her and her
  professor but she was happy that they had. She felt comfortable around Jill
  and was pleased that she would be spending the next week with a familiar face.  
A minivan was backed up near the delivery table and the man got out and opened
  the rear door. The woman led the girls to the car and one-by-one, the girls
  had their shackles removed and were helped into the two small cages lying on
  the floor. There were no introductions and no conversation. None was needed,
  Charity supposed. She and Jill were simply property to these people. She felt
  tears welling up in her eyes as she crouched in the small cage and felt the
  car start up and drive away. The only comfort that she felt was from Jill's
  finger rubbing against one of her knuckles as her slave sister reached out
  as much as she could.  
While the minivan bumped along the cobblestones of the long driveway, the
  girls in the cages could not make out anything that was said up front. Once
  the car got onto the highway, however, the two slaves could hear their new
  owners talking.  
"Pretty expensive," said the man.  
"Worth every penny, though," replied the woman. "I just hope that Chet and
  Mandy appreciate their gifts.  
Charity opened her eyes wide at that comment and looked to her cage mate
  for understanding. Jill just rubbed her finger over the knuckle again. Because
  of the tight mesh of the cages, that was as intimate as the two girls could
  get.  
After a thirty minute ride, the car pulled into another long driveway and,
  after five more minutes, it stopped. The girls were let out of their cages
  and were allowed to stretch. They looked around and saw what could only be
  described as a less modest estate than the one they just left, although it
  was only slightly less modest. The property seemed vast and nothing other than
  a lake in the distance could be seen other than the forest that surrounded
  the cultivated yard and the mansion. The house was enormous by most standards,
  but was a little bit smaller than the one where they had been sold. Both girls
  knew that the $13,000 was not a big expenditure for this couple.  
"Come girls," instructed the woman. "We need to get you prepared and hidden
  for the surprise."  
Charity glanced at Jill but got no response so she followed the woman into
  the house. They were led through the massive doorway and into a foyer with
  two curved staircases that led to the second floor. The woman led them up the
  left staircase and into a bedroom. There, she finally informed the slaves of
  their roles for the upcoming week.  
"I am Allison Steepford. My husband's name is Percival, although most people
  call him Perry. But you won't be seeing much of us this week." Allison sat
  down and relaxed, crossing her legs as she smiled at the two naked females.  
"You were bought as birthday presents for our children. Well, it's actually
  sort of a combination birthday and graduation present. Chet and Mandy are twins
  and they both graduated from high school in June. Today is their birthday and
  Perry and I decided to give them their first slaves."  
"Oh joy," thought Charity. "All I need is a teenage boy pawing all over me."  
"Oh joy," thought Jill. "All I need is a teenage boy pawing all over me."  
"Ma'am," started Jill. "Or should I call you Mistress?"  
"Ma'am is fine," Allison replied. "Save Mistress for Mandy. What was your
  question?"  
"Thank you for choosing us Ma'am," Jill said. "But can you tell us more about
  your children? And what are we supposed to do with them?"  
"Let me answer the second question first," responded Allison. "You are supposed
  to do whatever they want. I suppose there will be a lot of sex in the beginning.
  But I am hoping that novelty will wear off by week's end and they will begin
  to appreciate the value of a good slave. You should consider yourselves as
  starter slaves for them."  
Then she went on to describe her children. Chet was described as a handsome
  student-athlete. He was an honors student throughout high school, lettered
  in three sports each year, and dated frequently. Basically, he was a well-adjusted,
  talented and popular boy.  
Mandy was described as pretty, popular and poised. She was also athletic
  but only played field hockey. She was a good student and graduated near the
  top of her class. She was quieter than Chet but, despite that apparent shyness,
  had been president of the senior class.  
"And they will both be going to Gulf State in the Fall," Allison concluded.
  Both slaves blanched and glanced at each other. Gulf State University was where
  Jill taught and Charity attended as a student.  
"What?" asked Allison. "GSU is an excellent school!"  
"Yes Ma'am," replied Jill. "It is supposed to be a very good school. It has
  an excellent reputation."  
"Oh god," thought Jill. "All I need is another college student knowing that
  I'm a slave."  
"Oh god," thought Charity. "All I need is a college student knowing that
  I'm a slave."  
"You two should shower now. The kids will be home soon and I want to give
  them their gifts."  
"Yes Ma'am," replied Charity. The two girls went into the bathroom, followed
  by Allison who sat on the closed toilet seat to watch her two charges. Jill
  started the shower and, when the water warmed up, the two girls stepped into
  the shower. Allison observed the way that the two girls worked together to
  bathe each other. She watched as the soapy hands of one ran over the perfect
  curves of the other and was very pleased with her purchases. She thought that
  she and Perry would have to take these pets to bed with them at some point.
  As they toweled each other off, Allison again admired the perfect breasts and
  bottoms and smiled to herself as she looked at the beautiful faces.  
"I think that number five should be shaved as well," the woman said.  
"Yes Ma'am," Charity replied. "My name is Charity. And this is Jill."  
"Good. That's much better than calling you by your lot numbers all week.
  Then Jill perched on the edge of the tub as Charity knelt between her legs
  with the razor. Several minutes later, both girls were hairless from the neck
  down.  
Allison led her charges back into the bedroom where she tied each girl's
  wrists behind her back with a pink ribbon, forming an ornate bow. Then she
  took narrower ribbon and tied little pink bows onto each nipple. She finally
  stepped back to admire her work and smiled as she saw the four bows moving
  with each breath and quiver.  
"Perfect little presents. Now you're all set. We just need to wait for the
  kids." Charity and Jill were allowed to sit on the bed to wait while Allison
  busied herself elsewhere in the house, giving the girls a chance to talk.  
"I'm not sure I like the idea of being a starter slave for a couple of teenagers," complained
  Jill.  
"Oh I don't know," said Charity. "It can't be all that bad. We could have
  been bought by some sadist."  
"But how am I supposed to teach those two next year? You heard her. They're
  coming to our school."  
"Well, you teach me," observed Charity.  
"You're different, Charity," said the older woman. "You're special."  
Charity apparently appreciated the comment because she leaned into her slave
  sister and kissed her before nuzzling against her cheek.  
"Besides, you're a slave like me," Jill went on. "I think it will be a lot
  more difficult having a former owner in my class." Just then, they heard a
  door open and more voices rang through the house.  
"Uh oh," said Charity. "Here goes."  
"Things could get real interesting in a few minutes," agreed Jill.  
Several more minutes passed before Allison arrived. She told the two girls
  to remain silent and then led them downstairs. Before they entered the living
  room, Allison called out to her children. "No close your eyes and keep them
  closed until I tell you to open them." Then she guided the two gift-wrapped
  slavegirls into the living room.  
"Surprise!" shouted Allison and both teenagers opened their eyes. Charity
  and Jill were already blushing by this point and Mandy quickly followed suit.
  Chet's reaction was bugged out eyes and a jaw drop followed by "What the.."  
"Do you like them?" asked Allison.  
"I&hellip; er&hellip; um&hellip;" stammered Mandy. "What is this, Mom?"  
"These are your own personal slavegirls. At least they are for the next week.
  And then we have to give them back."  
"What do we do with slavegirls," asked Chet.  
"Anything you want, son," interjected Perry. "Anything at all."  
"Oh," was the simultaneous response from both teenagers. Chapter 11: Slavery among Friends  
At the same time that Charity and Jill were being gifted to their young owners,
  Hal was just standing up. He had spent the better part of an hour on his knees.
  He had been bought by an elderly couple who had donated both of their slaves
  to the auction to support charity. Since he was the only slave that they purchased,
  providing pleasure to the couple in their sixties fell on his shoulders.  
To be more exact, it fell upon his tongue. He spent a full thirty minutes
  pleasuring his temporary mistress and then had given the first blowjob of his
  life to his temporary master. He realized early on that this was going to be
  a very long week.  
Meanwhile, Janice was seething with anger. She was standing in the middle
  of the basement on her tiptoes with her arms drawn tightly over her head, stretching
  her body tightly. Clair had just whipped her and five red stripes across Janice's
  back provided testimony to the punishment. The worst part of that ordeal had
  been when, during one of the strokes, the whip had curled around her torso
  and the tip had caught the tender flesh of her right breast.  
Claire set the whip aside and stood in front of Janice letting her fingers
  dance up and down her slave's sides. "Today, you are just getting a taste," said
  Claire as she leaned forward to kiss the stretched woman. So far, Claire had
  used the paddle five times on Janice's bottom and the whip on her back. "I
  want you to know the penalties for disobedience."  
"Bitch!" spat Janice as she glared at the woman who had been her best friend
  until today.  
"I'll let that pass this time," replied Claire. Then she picked up a crop
  and whistled it through the air. "This is just for education purposes," she
  said as she swung the crop, letting it land on Janice's belly. "But do know
  that you will be punished for future infractions like that. "The crop landed
  with a loud crack four more times and soon Janice was sporting five rectangular
  red marks on her belly to go along with the stripes on her back and her pink
  bottom.  
"By the end of the week, you'll either be obedient," said Claire, "or a pain
  slut." She then picked up a short flogger and started flipping it through the
  air. Five more blows were felt as the tendrils of the flogger rained down on
  Janice's vulnerable and sensitive breasts causing them to bounce wildly on
  her chest and causing her to shriek in pain.  
Finally, Claire set the flogger aside and wrapped her arms around the stretched
  woman, hugging her. "I'm really doing this for your own good, pet," said Claire. "Hopefully,
  this is the last time you'll see any of these nasty little instruments."  
Janice whimpered as Claire's hands cupped her raw bottom and she buried her
  face against her captor's shoulder. Her entire body ached from being stretched
  so tightly and the punishments she had just received. She couldn't believe
  that this was happening to her and she couldn't imagine how she would survive
  this week.  
Claire buckled a wide leather belt around Janice's waist and then, one-at-a-time,
  released Janice's wrists and strapped her arms to the belt. The new slave was
  relieved to be free from the uncomfortable position despite being denied the
  use of her arms. It appeared that her friend intended to keep her in bondage
  all week. She wondered if that was to prevent Janice from escaping or retaliating
  or if Clair simply had a bondage fetish.  
Claire led Janice upstairs and sat, having Janice kneel in front of her.
  She leaned down, grasping Janice's long raven hair and used it as a handle
  to pull the slave's head back. Then the owner gave her property a long passionate
  kiss as her free hand roamed over Janice's chest.  
"These are magnificent," Claire exclaimed after she broke the kiss. Both
  hands held a firm breast by that point and her thumbs moved idly back and forth
  across the nipples causing them to stiffen even more. "And now they're mine."  
"Only for a week, Claire," responded Janice. She had meant to sound defiant
  but as she listened to her words, she realized that she had just acknowledged
  that her body belonged to Claire. Chapter 12: Treat for the Twins  
Chet was the bolder of the two twins. He stepped forward and slowly walked
  around the two naked women letting his eyes roam freely over their nudity. "Anything?"  
"Well, almost anything. You can't kill them or anything like that," replied
  the father.  
"But sex is okay?"  
"Sex is more than okay, son," said Perry. "I would be worried about you if
  there was no sex."  
"Wow" was Chet's response as he stood in front of Jill, eying her freely. "Which
  one is mine?"  
"They both belong to both of you," replied Allison. "You will have to figure
  out how to share them."  
 
"Eeeewwww!!!" exclaimed Mandy who had been silent until this point. "But they're
girls! I can't have sex with them!"   
"You could if you wanted to," said Allison. "But you don't have to. We were
  hoping to buy a boy and a girl but we didn't see any boys who interested us.
  So we bought the two best girls there. And don't worry about the sex, dear.
  There are so many other ways to enjoy a slavegirl."  
"You actually bought them?" asked Mandy.  
"You bet," responded Perry. "Paid good money for them too."  
"Perry, don't be so crass," interjected Allison. "The whole world doesn't
  revolve around money. Suffice it to say, children, that we purchased these
  two women for you."  
Chet reached out and touched Jill's left breast, poking at it slightly and
  denting the skin inward. She didn't even flinch as his fingers moved over the
  soft, sensitive flesh. He moved around the slavegirl, letting his fingers glide
  over the toned flesh until he was back in front of her. Then he moved his hand
  down over the taut belly to her hairless sex.  
"This is awesome, Dad!" gushed Chet.  
"I'm glad you like your gifts," Perry replied. "Mandy, you can go touch too
  if you like."  
"Daaaaaaaad!" complained Mandy.  
"Suit yourself," was the father's response.  
Jill was surprised that the boy seemed to be fixated on her instead of Charity.
  She viewed Charity as far prettier than herself and much closer to him in age.
  But there was no denying that he seemed fascinated by the older woman. She
  watched as he slowly untied and removed the pink ribbons that were adorning
  her nipples and then watched as he grasped each nubbin and rolled them between
  his fingers.  
Allison was also surprised. She thought that both slaves were equally beautiful
  but assumed that Chet would be more attracted to the younger one instead of
  the one who looked to be only slightly younger than herself. And she had hoped
  that the older slave could almost play a surrogate mother role with her daughter
  when it came to freedom in sexual behaviors.  
Allison was also puzzled by Mandy's reaction to having naked females available
  to her. Surely, the girl had fantasies about being with another female and
  maybe had even tried it out before with one of her friends. Maybe she was simply
  behaving this way because her parents were watching. Or maybe she truly didn't
  know what to do. If the presence of the parents was the problem, that was easily
  fixed. If it was due to inexperience, however, then Allison might have to demonstrate
  how to use a slavegirl. But that would be tricky.  
Allison stood up and looked at Perry. "We have other things to do. Let's
  leave the kids alone to play with their new toys."  
"Yes, dear," replied Perry as he got up. He followed his wife upstairs and
  they spent the next two hours fucking each other silly. While the afterglow
  still lingered, Allison propped herself up against the headboard.  
"Which one do you like best?" she asked.  
"I like them both. They're both very attractive and they both seem well trained."  
"But if we decided to keep one, which one would it be?" she asked.  
"Oh, we're keeping one?" Perry responded with surprise. "Well I suppose if
  I had to choose, it would be seventeen. Although Chet seems to be quite taken
  with number five. Either way I would be happy and either way Chet would have
  good taste."  
"Five is Jill," informed Allison. "Seventeen is Charity. I think I would
  keep Charity too. But I thought we might try each of them out during the week."  
"Oh you did, did you?" chuckled Perry.  
Allison punched him in the arm. "Yes I did. Just consider me a mother checking
  out new toys to make sure they are safe for her children."  
Perry laughed. "I enjoy helping with safety tests too."  
After the parents left the room, Chet turned toward his sister. "Do you mind
  if I have this one?" he asked, resting his hand on Jill's naked bottom.  
"I think they were both meant to be for both of us," Mandy corrected him.  
"Well, I'm taking this one to my room for a bit. You can start with that
  one." With that, he led Jill upstairs, leaving Mandy and Charity alone together.  
"We don't have to do anything," said Charity after a long pause between the
  two of them. "We could just talk if you would prefer."  
"Hmmmphh," was all that Mandy said. Then she plopped herself down on the
  sofa, unsure about what to do with her gift. Charity just remained standing
  with her wrists still bound behind her back.  
"Might as well make yourself comfortable," Mandy finally said. "Have a seat."  
Silently, Charity crossed the room and perched her bottom on the edge of
  the sofa with her body angled toward Mandy. "Thank you."  
"Do you want me to untie you?" asked the girl.  
"Only if it pleases you," replied Charity.  
Mandy rolled her eyes. "Why are you a slave anyways?" she asked.  
"I'm not sure," said Charity. "I guess I was just meant to be a slave."  
"Well, let's at least get those ridiculous ribbons off," Mandy said as she
  reached forward to untie the bows on Charity's nipples. Charity arched her
  back, thrusting her breasts forward in an attempt to help the girl, causing
  Mandy's fingers to unexpectedly collide with the firm flesh. Mandy immediately
  stiffened and pulled her hands back.  
"I'm sorry," said Charity sadly. "I was only trying to help."  
"That's okay," responded Mandy who was visibly shaken by the encounter. "I'm
  just not used to breasts."  
Charity nodded but remained quiet as Mandy tried again and successfully removed
  the ribbons. "That's not what I mean because I have breasts. I'm used to them.
  It's other breasts I'm not used to. That's not what I mean either. All women
  have breasts. I'm used to that. Oh you know what I mean."  
"I think so," said Charity. "You're not used to touching other girls' breasts."  
"Exactly," said Mandy. "But you have very nice breasts. It's not that I don't
  what to touch them because I don't like them or anything like that. It's just&hellip;." And
  then her voice trailed off.  
Charity waited a few moments until she was sure that the girl was finished. "You
  can touch them if you like."  
Mandy's eyes opened wide when she heard that. "You want me to?"  
"Only if it would please you," said Charity. "They belong to you now. Or
  they belong to you and your brother."  
"Wow," exclaimed Mandy. "I never thought of it like that." She reached out
  and tentatively ran a finger across Charity's left breast, circling the nipple
  once and causing it to stiffen. "They really are very nice. They're beautiful
  in fact."  
Charity smiled. "Thank you. What should I call you? Should I call you Mistress
  or Miss Mandy or Miss Amanda?"  
"Oh," said a surprised teenager. "I don't know. What did you call your last
  owner?"  
"I call her Mistress," replied Charity as she wondered how her owner was
  faring at the hands of her best friend.  
"Mistress would be fine, then," said Mandy.  
"Yes, Mistress."  
"How did you become a slave?" asked the teenager. Charity explained the history
  of her enslavement starting with her fascination with the idea and the stories
  that she wrote and published. She described how she had gradually become more
  submissive to her aunt and how attending the costume party had sort of tipped
  the scales. "So now I'm a slave," Charity concluded.  
"Do you like being a slave?"  
"Most of the time, yes," replied Charity. "Most of the time it's the most
  natural thing in the world for me."  
Mandy shook her head. "I don't understand at all."  
"Maybe you were born to be a mistress and I was just meant to be a slave."  
"Maybe," agreed Mandy. "But now I guess I need to learn how to be a mistress."  
"You seem to be doing just fine," reassured Charity. "You'll be a wonderful
  mistress."  
As this conversation was going on, Jill was busy sucking on Chet's cock to
  get him hard again. He had already pushed her back on the bed and mounted her,
  pistoning his cock in and out of her and cumming in her quickly. Now she was
  preparing him for a second round and she knew that, with a teenage boy, there
  would be many more.  
"So what should we do?" asked Mandy.  
"Whatever you would like," replied the slave. "We could continue to talk
  or we could do something together or you could go somewhere by yourself and
  leave me here. I belong to you but I hope that I'm not a burden."  
Many thought she had hurt Charity's feelings and she scooted across the couch
  to hug her slave. Somehow, the feel of naked flesh did not feel so foreign
  this time, although she was only touching Charity's shoulders and back. Charity
  enjoyed the caring embrace. The touch also seemed to embolden Mandy.  
"These are really beautiful," the teenager said as she rubbed her fingers
  lithgly over both breasts. "Mine need to grow a bit more before they'll be
  this nice."  
"I don't know, Mistress," replied Charity. "You have a beautiful figure.
  I think your breasts are perfect for you."  
"What's it like to have sex with another woman?" asked Mandy curiously.  
"I suppose it all depends on who the other woman is," responded Charity after
  she paused for a moment to think about the question. "I had never tried it
  before a month or so ago. And I've only had sex with two women. But it was
  very nice with each. It's a lot softer and gentler. It's more tender."  
"Maybe I can wrestle Jill away from Chet at some point and you can show me."  
"Yes Mistress. Jill is a wonderful lover," commented Charity.  
"Oh, so Jill is the other one you've had sex with?"  
"Yes Mistress. Jill and I were paired together a week ago." She went on to
  describe how the two girls had been displayed for the entertainment of the
  dominants and how they had formed a friendship.  
"She's very pretty too," said Mandy. "But I think you're my favorite."  
Charity blushed. "Thank you Mistress. But you don't even know Jill. She's
  so warm and caring, on top of being beautiful. You really should give her a
  chance."  
"It sounds like my slave is arguing with me," said Mandy. ""I hope I'm wrong
  because otherwise I might have to punish her."  
Charity gasped and instantly clamped her lips shut. Then Mandy led her slave
  up to her own bedroom and closed the door for more privacy.  
"I'm still not quite sure what to do with you," said Mandy. "How did your
  other owner use you?"  
"Most of the time, I think I'm just used for decoration," explained Charity. "At
  least I assume that's why she keeps me naked. I have chores that I have to
  do also but I had chores even before I became a slave. She likes me to kneel
  a lot so I'm frequently kneeling at her feet or at her side as she reads or
  watches television. And then there's the sex. She likes to have sex with me
  a lot."  
"Don't you ever get bored of being a slave? It sounds as if you are cooped
  up a lot. And all of the kneeling would drive me crazy."  
"Oh no, not at all," replied Charity. "I can't remember being bored. Mistress,
  I mean my other mistress, is always surprising me in some way. It keeps me
  very excited and very aroused."  
"Hmmmm," said Mandy. "I'll have to work on that I guess. Okay, now hop up
  onto the bed and lean back against the pillows. I want you to play with yourself
  for me."  
"Yes Mistress," blushed Charity. It was no worse than other things she had
  been commanded to do. But she had started to think that there would be no sex
  involved with this new relationship. She now realized that she was wrong and
  that somehow made it more embarrassing.  
"I will need my hands for that, Mistress."  
"Oh yeah," said Mandy and it was her turn to blush. She quickly untied the
  ribbon and watched as Charity climbed onto the bed. The slavegirl moved the
  pillows around, making a comfortable pile against the headboard, and then leaned
  back against them. She spread her legs and reached between them with her right
  hand. She immediately sent her left hand to join the other hand when Mandy
  stretched out on the bed and laid with her face only inches from Charity's
  sex.  
"Take that hand away," commanded Mandy. "I want to watch."  
Again, Charity blushed but she obediently removed the offending hand. Then
  she started to glide her fingers over her labia, knowing full well that her
  new mistress could see how wet and aroused she was. Fingers slid up and down
  the labia and then stretched them apart to let a third finger slide into her
  juicy sex. The fingers would then move up to pull back the little sheath as
  the third finger circled and stroked the erect clitoris.  
Mandy was enthralled by the show. It was amazing to her. She was starting
  to realize that she did totally control this girl who was a couple of years
  older than her. And the blushing had told her that Charity was not a shameless
  slut. She was simply a slave. And the knowledge that she owned this slave was
  like a powerful aphrodisiac to the teenager. She was also amazed at some of
  the ways that Charity played with herself and made mental notes to try out
  some of the techniques.  
At that same moment, three other women were doing very similar things. Jill
  had been fucked twice and was now sitting on Chet's bed with her legs spread.
  Chet was lying in the same position as Mandy watching Jill play with herself
  as he watched his sperm slowly seep out of her.  
Janice was similarly propped up on Claire's bed with Claire in the same position
  as Mandy. Janice was stroking herself to entertain her temporary owner and
  Claire would occasionally stop her and scoop her tongue up between Janice's
  petals to savor the sweet nectar.  
Allison was in the same position in her own bed but had no audience. Perry
  was sleeping soundly beside her after their energetic sexual romp but Allison
  was still highly charged despite her two orgasms.  
Even Hal was putting on a show at the same moment. He was propped up in the
  bed of his owners with the man lying in the same position as Mandy. The wife
  was kneeling on the bed and nibbling on the new slave's nipples while her husband
  held the slaves balls in his hand and Hal pumped his own cock up and down to
  masturbate for them.  
When Charity would focus on her clit, Mandy would tentatively reach forward
  and run a finger over a glistening labia causing the slavegirl to shudder.
  Once, she even slid her finger into Charity and this was all it took to send
  the slavegirl over the edge. Again, Mandy was amazed as she watched the beautiful
  body tense and saw the girl's belly quivering as the orgasm rushed through
  her.  
"Do me," said Mandy after Charity's breathing had returned to normal and
  she finally opened her eyes again.  
"Yes Mistress," replied Charity. "How would you like me to do you?"  
"The same way. Wait a second though." Mandy jumped off the bed and quickly
  shed her clothes. Then she crawled back up and sat on the bed against Charity,
  spreading her legs. "Okay, now I'm ready."  
Charity found her new mistress' body fascinating. The girl was lovely and
  perfectly formed and Charity found herself becoming immediately aroused, causing
  her to wonder if she was becoming a lesbian. The mistress' back was pressed
  against the slave's chest, pushing the full breasts to the sides slightly.
  The teenager wiggled back as far as she could until Mandy could feel the slave's
  wet heat against her bottom.  
Charity reached both arms around the girl and cupped one hand over the owner's
  sex with a second hand on top of the first. She kept her hands there motionless
  for a moment to let Mandy adjust to the new contact. Mandy did not seem to
  need an adjustment period, though, and she placed her hands over Charity's
  giving them a reassuring squeeze.  
Charity used the fingers of her right hand to masturbate her owner, using
  all of the same motions that she had used on herself. She moved more slowly
  with Mandy, however, because she wanted the moment to last so the girl would
  enjoy it more. Charity moved her left hand upward and ran her palm slowly over
  the taut belly, enjoying the way it would quiver and jump in response to the
  attentions of her right hand.  
Being bolder than she knew she should be, Charity tilted her head forward
  and started planting little kisses on Mandy's left ear and cheek. She waited
  for her reprimand but was instead surprised when her mistress turned her head
  to let their lips meet. Mandy was emitting soft moans as she snaked her tongue
  out, probing the slave's mouth and letting their tongues dance together.  
Charity was surprised by the boldness and the apparent, sudden change of
  heart of the teenager but welcomed her owner's affection. The slave raised
  her left hand higher and let her palm glide lightly over each of Mandy's full
  breasts, feeling the stiff little nipples scraping against the flesh of her
  hand. Charity couldn't understand Mandy's concerns about breast size. The mounds
  that she was feeling were large and firm and perfect. Charity started using
  her fingers to circle and tease the girl's nipples, eliciting more moans from
  her owner. Suddenly, Charity stopped the fingers of her right hand but kept
  her left hand busy, causing Mandy to groan in frustration. The slave did not
  stop for long, however, and with only a few more strokes of the sensitive clit,
  Mandy's whole body tightened as she groaned again, but this time in climax.  
Chapter 13: Permanent Designs 
After her third orgasm, Allison was a little more settled down, but not by
  much. It had been a long time since they had a slave in the house and she felt
  electrified by the new development. She and Perry had kept a slavegirl until
  the twins were in school. If anyone ever asked, she was a nanny, although there
  has rarely ever been a nanny as beautiful and as visibly erotic as their Erica.
  But when the children became older, they felt that it was inappropriate to
  keep a slave. 
It had been fine when they were infants. Allison kept Erica naked until the
  twins were three years old. When they were very young, Erica would even have
  them suckle at her breasts. It would quiet the children even if it did nothing
  to nourish them. Slowly but surely, they added more clothes to their pet as
  the children aged until, when the twins had their sixth birthday, she looked
  much like any normal twenty-five year old. 
It was with great sadness that they sold Erica. They told themselves that
  she would be happier where she could fully experience her slavery but they
  always wondered how the Arab sheik actually treated her. They never spoke with
  her again after she was led to the auction block, but they thought of her often. 
But now the house was alive with the excitement of slaves again. Allison
  carefully slipped off the bed so she did not awaken her slumbering husband.
  She threw on a robe and tiptoed out of the bedroom. 
The first door she came to was Chet's. Quietly, she turned the knob and cracked
  the door so she could peek in. When she saw that they were both sound asleep,
  she quietly entered the room and stood beside the bed. The beautiful slave
  who was about her own age was asleep, sitting upright against a pile of pillows
  with her head tilted over and resting on a shoulder. Allison admired the delicate
  features of Jill's face and then let her eyes travel downward to watch the
  full breasts rising and falling with each breath. 
Her son lay face down across the bed. It had been years since she had seen
  him naked but time at the pool with him let her know that he was lean and muscular.
  His head rested on Jill's belly and mound and it too rose and fell with each
  of Jill's breaths. Allison half-wished that he had been lying on his back.
  She was dying to know if Chet's cock was as gorgeous as the rest of his body.
  Perhaps another day, she would find out. 
She crept silently out of the room and quietly opened Amanda's door. Again,
  she found a pair slumbering. She was quite taken with the loving sight that
  met her eyes. The two girls were spooning with Mandy's back pressed tightly
  against Charity's front. Charity had an arm thrown around her daughter and
  was holding a breast. Both seemed totally at peace and this also surprised
  Allison given Mandy's earlier protests about having been given a girl as a
  present. Allison's eyes roamed down her daughter's body admiring the perfection
  that had resulted from Perry's and her coupling over eighteen years ago. Her
  daughter was truly gorgeous. 
The woman shook her head to try to clear it. She was having dangerous thoughts
  that bordered on incest. No, she told herself, they went beyond the border
  of incest. First she had wished that she could see her son's cock. Now she
  was admiring her grown daughter's nudity. She slipped out of the room and went
  downstairs to fix herself a drink. 
She was sitting on the patio when Amanda arrived. She was also wearing a
  robe and hugged her mother from behind. "Thank you for Charity, Mom. She's
  wonderful." 
Allison grabbed the chair beside her and pulled it around, scraping it across
  the patio stones so that her daughter could sit down facing her. "I'm so glad
  you like your present. I was worried at first." 
"Oh, she's perfect. She's the best present you've ever given me. Can I keep
  her?" 
"Oh," replied Allison, "I'm not so sure about that. We only bought her for
  a week. She has another owner, you know." 
"Well couldn't you talk to her owner and see how much she wants for her?" 
"Yes," said Allison as she thought about her daughter's request. "I could
  do that. But I'm not sure Gulf State would approve of their freshmen arriving
  with slaves in tow." 
"Oh I'm sure we can work something out. Even if I don't keep her in the dorm,
  I could always live off campus." 
"What about Jill? You and Chet were supposed to share and you haven't even
  sampled her yet." 
"I think she's very pretty," replied the daughter. "But I want Charity." 
"I see," responded Allison, realizing that she may have opened up a can of
  worms. Mandy got up and kissed her mother on the cheek, thanking her again,
  before heading into the house. Allison gulped down the remainder of her drink
  and then went into the house to fix a second one. 
Chet was the next to emerge and he took the seat that had been recently vacated
  by his sister. Allison heard much the same story from her son. Jill was wonderful
  and he wanted to keep her. Allison tried the GSU line on Chet but it had about
  as much impact on him as it had on Mandy. She also observed that he hadn't
  experienced Charity and he said he was perfectly happy with Jill. "She reminds
  me of you, Mom." 
"Oh," replied a bewildered Allison as she gulped down the rest of her second
  drink. 
"If these kids keep coming up with twists like these, I'll be drunk in no
  time," she thought. 
"What do you mean she reminds you of me?" asked Allison cautiously. 
"I mean she's perfect. And she's mature. And she's definitely stacked like
  you, Mom!" he grinned. Allison felt herself blush as her son compared her to
  the naked beauty in his bed. 
"Thank you," she replied. "I think." 
"Oh Mom," I hope I didn't insult you. "I don't think of you that way. I just
  think that you are the most beautiful woman I have ever known." 
"Oh. Thank you again," responded Allison as she tried to sort out what he
  had just tried to tell her. "Stay right here while I freshen up my drink. I'll
  be right back." 
"She went into the bar and poured another drink but made it a light one since
  she knew that she needed to maintain her wits. But she also knew that she needed
  something to bolster her. She tightened the belt around her waist and then
  walked back onto the patio where Chet was waiting for her. 
"I never knew that you thought I was attractive," she started and then immediately
  knew that was the wrong start. 
"Are you kidding, Mom?" he replied quickly. "I think you're hot. And so does
  everyone else I know. All of my friends keep telling me I have the most beautiful
  woman in the world as a mom." 
"Oh," responded Allison, "I had no idea." 
"Come on, Mom," Chet said. "You have to know how beautiful you are." 
"Well thank you again," she blushed, "but I guess I just don't think of myself
  that way." 
"Well you should," he replied. "Wait right here. I'll prove it." Chet disappeared,
  leaving Allison wondering what he was trying to prove and how he planned to
  prove it. He arrived a few minutes later with Jill in tow. Jill's hair was
  disheveled and she had obviously just been awakened, but it did nothing to
  hide her beauty. He positioned Jill standing on the patio in front of the pool. 
"Isn't she gorgeous?" he asked. 
"I agree," said Allison. "She's lovely." 
"Well stand up next to her. I think you need to know that you are every bit
  as beautiful as she is." 
Allison stood up and crossed the stones to stand beside the slavegirl. Chet
  stood back and smiled. "See? I told you so." 
"Jill, please take him back inside and bring him back when he makes sense." 
"But Ma'am, he speaks the truth," said Jill. "You are very pretty and very
  alluring. I can see what he is talking about." 
Allison rolled her eyes. "An old broad in an old robe being complimented
  by a teenager and his new girlfriend. Thanks kids. I appreciate it. But it's
  time you find something better to do." 
Chet walked up to his mother and gave her a hug. "We aren't patronizing you,
  Mom. You really are beautiful." He broke the embrace and slid her robe down
  her body in the same movement, leaving it pooled around her feet and causing
  her to shriek. 
"Chester!" she screamed at her son. "Stop that this instant!" 
But he just stepped away from her and moved his eyes up and down her nudity. "What
  do you think, Jill?" he asked of the slavegirl. 
Jill turned and ran her eyes over the naked mother and then turned back to
  her temporary master. "I agree Master. She's lovely." 
"And all of my friends drool over her. But it's hard to compare you two with
  her arms that way. Jill, would you fix that?" 
"Yes Master," replied Jill as she stepped closer to Allison. She reached
  out and pried one arm from in front of the mother's chest and then pulled the
  other one that was protecting her sex. Jill placed each hand at Allison's sides
  and then stepped back to her original spot. 
"Chet," said Allison in a quiet voice, "this is wrong." 
"Oh Mom, it's not wrong. It's only wrong that you hide what the whole world
  should appreciate. And at least it's wrong that you don't even realize how
  beautiful you are." 
Chet stood slightly in front of the two women and between them as he moved
  his eyes from one to the other. "I would have to rate you both as tens when
  it comes to faces. And I think you're both tied at ten for figures too. I think
  that Jill has you when it comes to legs, Mom, but only because hers are so
  long. She gets a ten and you get a nine point five. But you take her here." He
  punctuated his sentence by reaching out with both hands and lifting a breast
  from each woman in his palms. Allison sucked in her breath at the touch but
  Jill took it in stride. "Mom gets a ten and Jill a nine point five. So you
  are tied." 
"Chet!" hissed Allison. 
"Relax Mom," Chet tried to calm her. "I'm not trying to enslave you. I just
  wanted you to feel better about yourself. I'm sorry if I offended you." 
Allison bent down and retrieved her robe, slipping it back over her shoulders
  and tying it around her waist. "I'm not offended. I was just very surprised.
  And thank you for thinking that I'm pretty." 
"You're way beyond pretty, Mom." 
"I agree, Mistress," Jill chimed in. 
"Well, thank you both," Allison said as she gathered her things and went
  back into the house leaving Chet with his naked slavegirl. She desperately
  needed another drink after that encounter but decided against it. Two was her
  limit and she had already gone past that. Instead, she took a nice long shower,
  turning the water to cold whenever she started to get aroused again. Despite
  her best efforts, her mind kept returning to images of herself naked standing
  in front of her son. She also kept wondering what to do about the designs that
  her children had on keeping the two slavegirls permanently. How would she handle
  that dilemma? This was only the first day of their ownership. What other new
  twists would they come up with during the remainder of the week? 
Chapter 14: Tea with a Twist  
Janice spent the first two days of her slavery being trained. It was a painful
  experience as Claire saw to it that each infraction was rewarded with some
  form of punishment. She felt the sting of the crop frequently, although she
  had been spared the whip after the first introduction on Saturday.  
She had been taught the finer points of serving a mistress and had done everything
  from cleaning toilets to worshipping her owner's sex with her tongue. Claire
  had an unending list of chores and an equally large appetite for sex. Claire
  also had a large collection of strap-on dildos which she had used on all of
  Janice's orifices at one point or another.  
Janice had been suspended and caged. She had been clamped and bound. She
  had been exercised until she thought she would drop from exhaustion. By Tuesday,
  she thought she would drop from exhaustion. Luckily, Claire was light on her
  that day and focused her on simple etiquette and serving techniques.  
Wednesday turned out to be Janice's debut. Everything up to this time had
  been humiliating for Janice and this afternoon offered to be even worse as
  Claire had invited three women to tea. Two of them were from the group that
  attended the weekly gathering of dominants and submissives. She only knew them
  in passing but was sure that she would become better acquainted with them this
  afternoon, for better or worse.  
The third, however, had provided the most embarrassing moment to her. Claire
  had not mentioned who the guests would be and Janice learned who they were
  only after she opened the front door to greet them and invite them in. She
  almost fainted when she opened the door and saw Gail standing on the front
  porch.  
Gail was a mutual friend of Janice and Claire and Janice was unaware of any
  interest that she had in domination and submission. Gail and her husband had
  been close friends with Janice and her husband, Charles, before Charles' untimely
  death three years earlier. They still invited Janice to many of their parties.
  Making matters worse, however, was the fact that Gail was her neighbor from
  across the street. She wasn't sure that she would ever be able to look at Gail
  again without blushing. Now, Janice scurried about serving the four women as
  they chatted. Cups were refilled, cream and sugar were offered, and scones
  were delivered as she listened to their conversation.  
"I'll bet this is a side of Janice you've never seen before," said Claire.  
"It certainly is," agreed Gail as she kept stealing glances at the naked
  form of her neighbor. This caused the other two women to titter and chuckle. "I
  had no idea that she was interested in this lifestyle."  
"Oh, indeed she is. She's quite the little mistress," commented Claire.  
"Although new to her job," interjected Abby, one of the other guests.  
"Well she certainly doesn't look like a mistress to me," observed Gail.  
"She's on a kind of vacation this week. She and her slave were auctioned
  off on Saturday. Someone else bought her slave. I bought Janice."  
Gail's eyes grew wide. "You bought her? She has a slave? Oh my!"  
"Yes, I bought her. For this week, I completely own her body. Isn't that
  right, pet?"  
"Yes, Mistress," replied Janice, feeling her face turning crimson in humiliation.  
"She's such a good girl," Claire continued. "And she makes such a lovely
  slave. Of course her slave makes a lovely slave too. I had planned on buying
  Charity instead, but when Janice was offered for sale, I decided to bid on
  her."  
"Charity is her slave?" gasped Gail. "Our Charity?"  
"Our pretty little Charity," nodded Claire. "Beautiful, fresh, loving Charity."  
"I had no idea." Gail felt her head spinning at this news. She truly had
  no idea that the nice woman across the street had enslaved her own niece. That
  would surely send a shockwave through the neighborhood if that news ever got
  out.  
When tea was finished, Claire announced that it was time for fun and entertainment.
  Janice was selected to provide both. Claire led her temporary slave to the
  middle of the room where a tall narrow table stood and had her lie face-up
  on the table. Cuffs were placed around her wrists and ankles and her arms were
  drawn over her head to be fastened to the end of the table. Her ankles were
  similarly attached to the other end.  
Then, Claire demonstrated the unique design of the table as she separated
  the two leaves of the table under Janice's arms. Janice felt her arms being
  drawn apart as the leaves were angled outward. The same operation was performed
  at the other end of the table and all of the leaves were locked in place, leaving
  Janice spread-eagle but with her body supported entirely by the table and its
  leaves.  
"That's a brilliant design!" observed Louise, the third guest. "I'll have
  to get one of those myself."  
"I'm glad you like it," smiled Claire as she ran her fingertips lightly across
  Janice's taut belly. "I had it custom built for play and I'd be happy to share
  the design with you."  
The four women gathered around the table and three pairs of hands ran over
  the bound and stretched woman. Gail was the only one not participating but
  her eyes kept roaming over the naked flesh. She thought that her neighbor looked
  beautifully erotic like that and the scene reminded her of some kind of sacrificial
  offering.  
Claire noticed Gail's hesitancy and wrapped an arm around her waist, guiding
  her to a position between Janice's outstretched legs. "Go ahead. You can touch," instructed
  Claire. "We're all going to have a little fun with my pet. You might as well
  enjoy yourself too."  
Gail nodded slowly as her eyes were fixed on the smooth naked mound above
  Janice's sex. Her eyes slid downward to observe the woman's labia, which were
  parted and glistening with her arousal. Gail found it hard to believe that
  Janice could be so aroused by this treatment but the very wet sex was hard
  to deny. Tentatively, Gail reached out with both hands and ran her palms slowly
  up each leg, enjoying the silky softness of the slave's skin.  
In the meantime, Clair had produced a couple of bottles of scented oil and
  the other three women started pouring it on the naked flesh and rubbing it
  in. Clair handed one of the bottles to Gail. "Use this. You can take from the
  waist down."  
Gail poured some of the oil into her palm and then started rubbing it into
  the naked flesh, starting at the toes and working to the upper thighs. "You
  missed a spot," observed Abby after both legs were finished. Gail looked over
  her friend's body and saw that every inch of flesh was glistening and shining
  with the exception of the area around her sex. Gail blushed deeply but poured
  more oil into her palm and used both hands to finish oiling the slave. She
  was shocked, however, when her fingers ran over the parted labia to feel the
  heat emanating from the aroused sex.  
"Beautiful, isn't she?" asked Claire as she gave Gail a hug from behind. "Maybe
  I should keep her oiled all the time." Then she leaned in and whispered into
  Gail's ear. "Are you enjoying yourself?" Gail simply nodded in response.  
For the next two hours, Gail witnessed what could only be described as unbelievable.
  She watched as her neighbor was subjected to what she though of as cruel tortures
  and countless orgasms at the same time. Abby started with the hot wax. A wide
  candle was held above Janice and drops of wax were allowed to splatter onto
  the naked, oiled flesh. Janice screamed at the first drop and was immediately
  gagged by Claire. When Abby was finished, a line of wax ran from Janice's throat
  to her belly button and more wax circled the base of each perfect breast.  
Louise was next. Her choice of torture made Gail's skin crawl and she couldn't
  imagine what must have been going through Janice's mind. Louise produced a
  tall jar with liquid in it. It wasn't until the lid was removed and Louise
  pulled the first item out of it that Gail realized that the jar was filled
  with needles. She only hoped that the liquid was some sort of antiseptic.  
Gail watched with wide eyes as the first needle was placed next to the outer
  swell of Janice's left breast. Abby raised Janice's head and propped it up
  with a couple of books from a nearby shelf so that the slave could fully appreciate
  her next experience. Gail's eyes kept moving from Janice's wide eyes to the
  point of the needle as, slowly, the needle dimpled the breast and then lanced
  into it, eliciting a muffled scream from the gagged woman.  
Gail wondered what Janice must be going through as she watched Louise slide
  more and more of the needle into the perfectly formed breast. Finally, Gail
  saw the other side of the breast tenting out for a moment before the tip of
  the needle emerged. Surprisingly, there was no blood. Equally surprising to
  Gail was that Janice did not scream other than for her initial burst. Maybe
  the needles were so narrow that she couldn't feel them and she only screamed
  at the first one out of shock. All in all, Gail watched as two needles slid
  through the base of each breast, forming crosses. Two more needles were pushed
  through each breast near the nipples, also forming crosses. And a single needle
  was pushed through the tip of each nipple and down into the breast flesh.  
During both tortures, Gail had watched how the other women had manipulated
  the bound slave to orgasm. Fingers constantly stroked the oiled clitoris and,
  by the time the needles were withdrawn, Gail had counted four climaxes, although
  there may have been more.  
"Your turn, Gail," said Claire after Louise was finished with her fun.  
"Oh, no," stammered Gail. "I'm fine. You go ahead. I'll just watch."  
"Nonsense," replied Claire. "I have her all day every day. I invited the
  three of you so you could enjoy her. So what will it be?"  
"Oh," said a dazed Gail. "I don't know. What do you suggest?"  
"Well, my little one confided in me once that she had never been fisted.
  I think you should take away her virginity."  
"Oh, my gosh!" stuttered Gail. "I couldn't do that."  
"Of course you can," reassured Claire. "I'll help you along. And Janice will
  love it. You've seen how she has been climaxing." Then Claire leaned over and
  whispered to Gail, "She's such a pain slut. It's hard to picture her as a mistress."  
"Oh," responded Gail. "You really think she likes that?"  
"Definitely," claimed Abby.  
"Positive," said Louise. All during this exchange, Janice was shaking her
  head back and forth and trying to mumble something through her gag. Her motions
  became more frantic and the noise became louder and more high-pitched as the
  discussion continued.  
Not waiting for a response, Claire gave Gail another hug. "Do you want to
  do it clothed or unclothed?"  
"What?!?!?!" asked a surprised Gail.  
"Well you're likely to get all oily as you do it. Personally, I would take
  off my clothes so I didn't have to worry."  
"It would be much less messy that way," agreed Abby.  
"Easier to clean up afterwards," chimed in Louise.  
"Let me help you," offered Claire as she unzipped the back of Gail's sundress.
  The other two women stepped forward and, within seconds, Gail was nude.  
"Another potential slave," thought Claire as she admired her naked friend.
  Gail was smaller than the other naked woman but every bit as beautiful. She
  was five feet, two inches tall with green eyes that sparkled when she laughed
  and a pixyish smile. Here breasts were not as large either, resembling champagne
  glasses to Janice's large goblets. A narrow waist gave way to mature yet delicate
  hips, providing her with a near-ideal figure. A small cultivated patch of brown
  hair decorated the woman's mound. A new idea suddenly formed in Claire's devious
  mind.  
Claire wrapped her arm around Gail again and led her back between Janice's
  legs, resting a hand on top of a naked hip. Then Claire picked up a bottle
  of the oil and poured a stream of it over the hand and wrist of Gail's right
  arm. The newly nude woman must have been in shock or denial because she offered
  no resistance as Claire rubbed in the oil and then pulled the hand toward Janice's
  gaping sex.  
Claire pushed two of Gail's fingers together and then guided them into the
  bound slave's sex, moving the fingers in and out. Claire added another of Gail's
  fingers to the first two and soon three digits were moving into her friend.
  All the while, Janice kept thrashing her head back and forth and trying to
  shout protests around the gag.  
"Good girl," assured Claire as she slid her free hand down to Gail's bottom.
  Life couldn't be better for Claire. One of her hands was using Gail's hand
  like a living dildo on Janice while her other hand roamed freely over Gail's
  bottom, squeezing it. A fourth finger was added and Abby poured a little more
  oil onto Gail's hand, although Claire was sure that the slave was already producing
  enough lubrication to accommodate what was to happen next.  
"Now tuck your thumb into the fingers, little one," instructed Claire. "It's
  time."  
Gail did as she was told and then Claire started moving the arm, guiding
  the digits a little deeper with each thrust. Finally, the knuckles were stretching
  Janice wide with each forward movement and, with a gentle push, Claire watched
  Gail's entire hand being swallowed until her wrist was firmly embedded in Janice.  
Claire let go of Gail and wiped off her hands on a nearby towel. She went
  to an end table and retrieved her digital camera before returning to Gail and
  lightly caressing her back. "You are such a good girl. Now open your hand inside
  of her. Feel around. Explore."  
Gail did as she was commanded and Claire slipped away to find good vantage
  points from which to take pictures. She made sure that Gail's face and wrist
  were clearly visible in each shot and Gail never even noticed the faint click
  of the camera.  
Janice was moaning loudly at this point. She had never felt so stretched
  and full in her life and she could feel Gail's fingers seeking out every nook
  and cranny within her. She had long since stopped struggling against her bonds
  and now her oiled body laid still and stretched as her neighbor's hand played
  inside of her body.  
Abby and Louise each claimed one of Janice's breasts and they sucked hungrily
  on the stiff nipples that had so recently been abused. Occasionally, the two
  women would pause in their attentions and let their oily lips meet over Janice's
  body for a heated kiss. Then they would return to their work to the sounds
  of much slurping.  
Claire came up behind Gail and reached around her. Claire's right hand lightly
  stroked the woman's arm before it disappeared inside of the slave. Claire's
  left hand cupped and squeezed Gail's left breast, holding it. She was surprised
  but pleased to find the nipple so stiff and aroused.  
"Form a fist," instructed Claire. "Now pump it in and out as far as it will
  go." This caused Janice to start squirming again as, one moment the fist stretched
  the opening of her sex and the next moment it pounded against her cervix. The
  combination of pain and unexplainable pleasure was overwhelming and was far
  beyond anything she had ever imagined.  
"Now use your tongue," Claire continued. "Give her some pleasure." Gail tilted
  her head forward and snaked out her delicate tongue, fluttering it over the
  exposed and rigid clitoris. Claire released Gail for a moment and snapped a
  few more incriminating pictures. Claire then returned the camera to the drawer
  and returned to Gail. Again, one hand claimed a breast but, this time, the
  other hand slid between Gail's legs. Surprisingly, Gail spread her legs a little
  more to accommodate the intruding hand.  
"Claire teased the nipple by flicking it with a fingernail and twisting it.
  Her hand moved from breast to breast, squeezing the warm, firm flesh and toying
  with the nipples. Her other hand was busy too. Her fingers stroked and parted
  the slick labia, occasionally dipping into the wet channel before one finger
  started a steady strumming rhythm. Claire watched Janice closely so that she
  could time Gail's climax to that of the slave. Within minutes, both bodies
  tensed and moaned as orgasms raced through the two women. Claire had to support
  Gail, doing so using her breasts as handles, easing her backward until her
  hand slid free of the slavegirl.  
Claire laid Gail on the floor and Abby and Louise quickly knelt beside her,
  devouring her breasts as they had with Janice. Abby also started stroking Gail's
  sex bringing Gail to another climax as Claire took a few more pictures.  
Chapter 15: Slave Exchange  
Roles started to become confused in the Mason household. Mandy and Charity
  became more like sisters than owner and slave, although they behaved like rather
  incestuous sisters. Charity still had to do the chores for her owner and was
  also responsible for bathing and dressing Mandy. But other than that, they
  mostly just kept each other company. Other than the one night when Perry and
  Allison took Charity to bed with them, Charity slept in Mandy's bed. There
  was frequent sex between the two girls and it was always filled with love and
  caring.  
Mandy even took Charity with her when she went shopping or out with friends.
  For these occasions, Mandy had to loan her slavegirl clothes since Charity
  had arrived naked and without a suitcase. But other than the tops fitting her
  a little more snugly than normal, the clothes fit fine. And Mandy's friends
  quickly assimilated the new girl into their circle without having any clue
  that Mandy owned her.  
Allison found herself being treated less and less like a mother and slave
  owner and more and more like a submissive. Throughout the week, Chet exercised
  more and more control over Allison. Allison kept looking for Jill for support
  but the slavegirl was in no position to help. By Thursday, Allison was kept
  naked except for when Chet allowed her to wear clothes and he always selected
  her outfits.  
The only relationship that appeared normal, if there is such a thing as normal
  in a relationship involving slavery, was that of Chet and Jill. Chet was clearly
  the master and Jill was clearly the slave. She was generally kept bound in
  some manner. She was always nude and was frequently used for sex. And she was
  even loaned to one of Chet's friends who thought he had died and gone to heaven
  as he fucked the beautiful slave energetically. Jill was also used in many
  different ways, including daily anal sex.  
It was on Thursday evening that Allison's life changed. Perry had been amused
  as he watched his son start to dominate his wife and wanted to see where it
  ended up. Privately, he had taken Chet aside and given his son his blessing
  to enslave Allison but with one warning. "Just remember that I will be her
  master. You may borrow her and you may use her when I'm not around. But she
  will belong to me."  
So Perry was not surprised when he walked in on the scene in the living room
  on Thursday night. Allison was naked and on her knees. Jill was lying on the
  floor with her face buried in Allison's crotch, licking the mother furiously.
  And Chet was sitting in a chair with Allison's lips wrapped around his cock.  
"Pull up a slave," grinned Chet, causing Allison to jump and pull back.  
"Don't bother getting up, dear," smiled Perry. "I'll just grab Jill here." He
  grabbed the prone slavegirl by her ankles and dragged her out from under Allison
  and then sat down in another chair. "I'll have whatever he's having." Soon,
  both father and son were enjoying the feel of full, luscious slave lips gliding
  up and down their cocks.  
That night, Perry took Jill to bed with him where she kept him entertained
  for much of the night. Allison did not get any sleep at all that night. Chet
  had taken her vaginally and anally for the first time and had declared her
  to be a slave from now on. Then, he bound her wrists and ankles to the corners
  of the bed and used her breasts as a pillow. He slept soundly. She did not
  sleep at all.  
Saturday morning was tearful. At least it was for Mandy. She was losing her
  slavegirl whom she had grown to love. She made her father promise to try to
  buy Charity for her before Perry loaded the girls into their cages for the
  trip back to their owners.  
Chet was fine with the loss of his slave. He had a new one to replace her.
  While he thought that Jill was beautiful and a great lover, he thought his
  mother was equally beautiful and also a great lover. The first night of sex
  with her son had been awkward but, once she adjusted to her new position in
  life, she demonstrated to him that she was very talented sexually.  
Chapter 16: Deep Discount Slavery  
The second half of the Summer proved to be a bit different from the first
  half for many of those who experienced the week as temporary slaves or temporary
  owners. Each slave was taken back to where the auction had been held and reunited
  with their permanent owners.  
Hal Bascomb had a change of heart after his slavery. The experience had been
  traumatic for him and had given him a much better appreciation of what he was
  doing to the couple. He embraced the naked Professor Jill Wallings and held
  her tightly for several minutes. He then told her that he was releasing her
  and her husband and that they could have their lives back.  
A very grateful Jill thanked him and told Hal that she was sure her husband
  would be very relieved. But she also told him that she would serve the remainder
  of the term of their agreement. It was only fair. She said that she had committed
  a crime and he had protected her and prevented her from going to prison. She
  wanted to repay his kindness and continue to be his property.  
Allison started life anew with two masters. Most of the time, she slept with
  her husband but, a couple of nights each week, she would sleep with her son.
  Occasionally, they would both take her together and it took awhile to get used
  to feeling their cocks sliding in and out of her sex and bottom in unison.
  Chet was in charge of her wardrobe, when she was even allowed to wear clothes,
  and all of her friends complimented her on her new, youthful look.  
Mandy stayed in touch with Charity and the two girls talked almost daily
  over the phone. Mandy visited Janice and Charity several times in August and
  even persuaded Janice to loan Charity to her for a weekend. Mandy was delighted
  when she learned that Charity was a student at GSU and she realized she would
  be able to spend a lot of time with her pet.  
Gail was horrified when she opened the email and clicked on image after image
  of herself in acts of deviant sex. A couple of hours later, Claire called.
  Gail argued but, once Claire read off the list of email addresses she was getting
  ready to send the pictures to, Gail stopped resisting. She became the plaything
  of Claire and Abby and Louise. Two days later, her husband wondered why his
  wife had decided to shave her sex. Two months later, friends noticed that Gail
  filled out her blouse a bit more than before. And each month after that, those
  same friends were surprised by a new ring or other form of pierced jewelry
  that Gail wore.  
Janice had decided to release Charity at the end of the Summer. Charity was
  not ready to end her slavery, however. She loved the feeling of being owned.
  The two of them drafted a new agreement. It said that, for the next two years,
  Charity would be the property of her aunt. All limitations were eliminated
  from this contract at Charity's request. There was also a provision in the
  agreement that allowed Mandy to lease Charity for periods of up to a week for
  the payment of one dollar.  
Charity realized that a dollar was much less than the $6500 she had fetched
  when she was first sold. But she considered Mandy to be a preferred customer.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Captv8td


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





