BDSM Library - Deepest Pleasure




Deepest Pleasure
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She signs herself over to the deepest pleasure and pain of training as a sexual slave, awakening the desire to please only One, her Master (includes breath control).Author:   trela|na{Kal}   
Subject:   M/f, bondage,
        humiliation, slavery, ws   
This story is intended only for education and enjoyment of
          alternate sexual lifestyles and is not to be released or viewed by
          minors.   
    
   
   
Deepest Pleasures   
   
Black, thick and dense, deep, dark, scary black,
  impenetrable by the human eye, fear fluttering in her chest as she slowly opens
  her eyes and sees&hellip;.nothing. Absolutely nothing at all, pure blackness
  surrounding her on every side, head twisting to try and look around. Fingertips
  reaching for eye sockets, feeling to make sure her eyes are open, fear fluttering
  deep in the pit of her belly as she realizes her eyes are open, and there's
  not a thing she can see.  
Trying not to move, needing to think, every heart
  beat loud in her ears as she takes in her surroundings. The deep stillness
  of silence, not a sound to be heard, yet so loud that she could not focus.
  A shiver racing down her spine as she tries to move, the realization that she
  is not tied down a huge relief.  
Her flesh is not cold, nor hot, but warm, comfortable.
  Her fingertips touching the cloth of her t-shirt with a sense of urgency, tugging
  at it in the darkness, making sure it's still snug and covering her. Allowing
  her hands to drop to her sides as she lays on her back. Fingers creeping out
  on her right side, trying to feel the edges of the surface she lies on. Feeling
  nothing but a smooth surface, warm to the touch, nothing to frighten her, yet
  for some reason she can't understand, making her more afraid than if she had
  felt cold stone.  
Her other hand reaching out as well to her left
  side, fingers skittering over the smoothness of the floor under her, finding
  no edges, no mattress, no pillow, just smooth hard surface. Closing her eyes
  fast as she tries to assimilate this into her head, thoughts swirling, trying
  to remember the past night, having no concept of the time, or how long she
  lay on the smooth floor sleeping, if that is what it was she had been doing.  
Slowly the past few days coming back to her, her
  breath catching in her chest, the sound loud in the thick silence of the black
  room, keeping her eyes closed tightly, somehow strangely comforted by the feeling
  of them shut, moving to curl onto her side and cradle her head in the crook
  of her arm, allowing her thoughts to take her back in time a few days.  
It was the email she had gotten, thinking it was
  spam, the contents vague yet compelling, "Are you submissive? Do you have what
  it takes to please a Dominant? Are you as strong inside as you like to make
  people believe you truly are, or does your strength lie in pleasing Others?
  Do you wish to find the answers to these questions? Do you feel an emptiness
  inside that can only be filled by the control of a Strong Person controlling
  you? If you have answered yes to any of these questions and you truly wish
  to find the inner you that you seek yet cannot find, reply to this email, Instructions
  will follow, no fee will be taken from you other than that which you wish to
  offer in your submission of your gift in pleasing Those more Dominant than
  you are. Email now, find the pleasures you've been missing out on all this
  time."  
The fluttering in her belly as she had read those
  words, the fear that made her heart race as she realized she had answered yes
  to at least 3 of those questions, the need she felt to not try to be so strong
  all the time and learn to trust in herself that someone else could be stronger
  than her. Hitting reply to that email , filling in the blanks required, email
  address, times available to reply back, job hours, nothing to personal, no
  real info, no real names exchanged, just a simple reply, nothing to come of
  it&hellip;right?  
She whimpers as she rolls over in the dark room,
  trying to stop her thoughts, remembering it all very slowly, the reply after
  that first night. The letter that asked for more info on her, her age, health
  issues, family status, still nothing to personal. All stuff she could answer
  honestly, hitting reply and going on about her life as usual, not really giving
  it much thought. Then the letters that got more in depth, asking her to write
  out a fantasy she's always had, a sexual one. Her whole face burning as she
  answered that letter, trying to be as detailed as it asked for. Her fingers
  fumbling over her keyboard keys as she struggled to be as honest in her fantasy
  life as she was in her real life.  
Sending that off and curling in her bed, not able
  to believe she had just told a personal fantasy to total strangers, one so
  rough and sexual at the same time.  
Her hands rubbing at her arms as she hears the
  soft beep of incoming mail, the magnetic pull of her computer as it calls her
  back. Reading the new reply, asking her if she was truly and honestly ready
  to begin a journey of discovery about her true self, and if she trusted in
  herself enough to give total control over to others in this journey. Gasping
  in horror at the thought, drawing far back from her pc as she chewed at already
  ragged nails. Letting herself truly think about her life as it currently stood,
  the emptiness, endless dating of men she had no desire to ever see again, no
  real close family, nothing to lose, and after all, they were not asking her
  for money, just her time, what could she lose, and better yet&hellip;what could
  she gain?  
Quickly answering yes, providing the letter with
  her personal address and phone #, her teeth chattering in shock at herself
  as she crawled into bed that night, refusing to believe what she had just done.  
Real life took her concentration over the next
  few days as she forgot all about the strange email, shock hitting her again
  as she returned home 4 days later to find a package in her mail box with 2
  small pills. The only instructions were to be prepared in 2 days time, prepared
  to be gone for in indeterminate length of time, the thrill of fear that curled
  at her senses, knowing that this was her choice, and following the directions
  to a T, having all her personal issues taken care of in record speed, taking
  the 2 small pills at 9 pm on the given night, crawling into bed in a t &ndash;shirt
  and panties and slowly drifting off to sleep.  
Now&hellip;waking in this place...the dark so deep,
  she can barely breathe for the heaviness of it, her senses very alert. The
  sound of footsteps coming from somewhere on the other side of a wall making
  her suddenly sit up, her hands grasping at her t-shirt over her breasts, feeling
  her entire body tense up trying to prepare herself for the next step of this
  strange journey into which she thrust herself.  
Chapter 2   
The girl sits up, arms wrapping around her upper
  body in fear as she hears the sound of a doorknob turning, eyes fixated towards
  the deep grating sound, blinking as light filters into the deep black she is
  sitting in, unable to see anything other than shadows in the doorway, the bright
  light behind the figure blinding her, her hand raising to block the light,
  unwittingly letting go of her t-shirt that she had held on to so tightly for
  safety.  
Hearing the sound of the boots on the floor, approaching
  her slowly, resonating in her senses, each thud to the floor making her body
  jerk slightly, the sound of her own voice whimpering from trembling lips.  
The sound startles her, fingertips pressing to
  suddenly dry lips, pressing in, nails giving her the feeling of pain that helps
  her focus and not skitter backwards on the floor. The figure stops before her,
  boots so close to her knees she can feel the heat of them, eyes slowly trailing
  up long legs and over a broad chest, her breath catching as her head has to
  tilt back to see the face of the Man who has approached her, mewing out in
  fear at the look of coldness in His eyes, her belly twisting in a knot as she
  struggles to rise, her hands pushing against the floor in an effort to stand
  before Him in some feeble show of strength, gasping out as she hears Him speak, "down,
  bitch, on your knees, where you belong."  
Eyes growing wide in her face as she slowly comprehends
  what He just said to her, a look of anger crosses her features as she opens
  her mouth to reply, a scream escaping her throat as her senses reel from the
  feel of His hand backhanding her, "I said knees, bitch, I suggest you learn
  this lesson right now, before I have to teach it again, you will not like the
  second time."  
Knees slowly folding beneath her, her hand caressing
  her bruised cheekbone, tears springing hotly to her eyes, unable to believe
  she is obeying this voice she doesn't even know, the solidity of the floor
  beneath her shins gives her a strange sense of comfort, even as her mind rebels.  
Hands rubbing at her upper arms, head shaking rapidly
  to clear her thoughts as she hears Him speak again, "good girl, you respond
  well, hopefully you will not need to many corrections, most are worse than
  the one you just received, you need to remember you signed yourself over to
  us for a time that we shall determine. you will either pass or fail, find yourself
  or lose a piece of yourself to us, but regardless, you will leave this place
  either secure in who you are, or wishing you had taken more time to learn.
  I am not gentle, I am not caring, I am not here to be your lover, I am here
  to teach you and guide you in finding your 'belly', that place deep in yourself
  that responds to a Man's strict control, the need you have that flickers to
  respond to my telling you what to do, the sweet release you will find as you
  discover and accept this, in yourself, in all ways.  
"I may hurt you, I may allow you pleasure, but
  whatever I do to you, you will learn to enjoy, and crave with your whole being,
  it will not be &ndash;me- you crave, it will be the control a strong Dominant
  person can give you that allows you to finally be free in yourself."  
As he finished speaking, he turned to leave, walking
  away from the girl huddled on the floor caressing a tender face , her voice
  cries out to Him, "please...please stop, please, I have questions, I'm confused,
  I have to&hellip;there are...hygiene issues I need to take care of, please
  do not leave me like this".  
The man turns and returns to standing before the
  girl on the floor, t-shirt, and panties her only protection from His gaze,
  His voice speaking to her as if from a distance, "lights will be turned on
  in here, left on at all times, until you adjust to what you are about to learn.
  It is a big adjustment, and I realize you may need some time, understand that
  not much will be granted. I am not here to cater to you, but to teach you to
  cater to the whims of others. At all times you will notice a bucket in one
  corner of the room. That is your bathroom for the time being. There will be
  fresh cloths and water brought in every 2 hours for you. In another corner,
  you will see two bowls, these are for you to eat from. You will not use your
  hands. You will bend over the dishes and eat like a pet, a pet who needs to
  learn her place. Be fully warned that if you go against these orders, you will
  find yourself strictly punished."  
She gasps out as she hears Him, tears falling down
  her cheeks as her eyes scan the room, seeing the items He has pointed out to
  her, body recoiling, mind rebelling against the thought of what He is saying
  to her. Unable to utter a single sound as He turns to leave, the solid thud
  of the door behind Him and the click of the lock. The last sounds she hears
  other than her own breathing as she scampers to the far wall and pulls her
  knees to her chest, her arms wrapping around them , trying to find a way out
  of what she has just realized may be the worst thing she has ever done in her
  life. Struggling to ignore the small niggling worm at the back of her mind
  that tells her she is greatly, greatly needing to allow herself to experience
  this. The flutter in her heart that she tries to stop, not wanting to believe
  she can possibly ever do these humiliating things. Her eyes slowly drift shut
  as she cries herself to sleep, body curled against the wall, her thoughts running
  rampant in her short nap.  
Chapter 3   
   
Slowly she opens her eyes, stretching out her sore
  body having lain on the floor for so long that her muscles were cramped and
  sore.  
A yawn leaving her lips, hand reaching up to press
  to her mouth as she looks around, trying to orient herself, her cheek still
  throbbing and sore from the Man's hand, rolling over onto her side and pushing
  herself upwards, trying to ignore the pressure she feels in her bladder, her
  eyes shooting a glance over at the corner, knowing she could never do that,
  the tip of her tongue licking out at her lips, thirst being one of her top
  priorities.  
Slowly pushing herself to her feet and feeling
  a wave of fear tingling it's way down her spine as she remembers what happened
  to her the last time she stood on her feet, her eyes shooting around quickly
  as she wraps her arms around her belly, thinking quietly to herself, "who's
  going to know , there are no cameras in here, and if I hear the door knob turn,
  I can always fall to my knees, I can beat this man at his own little game,
  there's no way I'm going to use a bucket to empty my bladder or crawl on the
  floor for a man or any other people."  
The words spin around and around in her head as
  she moves over to the dishes set against the wall, long hair cascading in waves
  down her body, reminding her she has no personal effects with which to fix
  herself up with, only the t-shirt and panties she wears, her flesh chilled,
  even in this warm room.  
She stops at the wall, eyes peeking down at the
  dishes, remembering His words to her about her hands, nibbling on her lower
  lip as she ponders her quandary. Eyes looking carefully around the room, she
  slowly sinks to her knees, feeling them press into the hard surface of the
  smooth tiles, eyes closing as she tries to get past her fear of the punishments
  he spoke of, finally taking a deep breath and leaning down, her bottom lifting
  into the air as her breasts sway forward in her t-shirt, nipples small and
  hard against the cotton material that encases them, her hand reaching up to
  grasp at her hair as it falls in a thick curtain over her face, lowering her
  tongue into the cool water and lapping like a puppy, heat flushing her face
  as she tries to close out the image of herself doing this, yet unable to ignore
  the swirling in her belly at the idea that she was being treated such, her
  tongue making moist noises as it swirls it's way around the bowl, quenching
  her thirst.  
Quickly she sits up and swipes at her chin with
  the back of her hand, eyes darting to the door to make sure it's still closed
  tightly, the water having settled into her bladder, the throbbing of needing
  to go becoming stronger and stronger. The girl slowly rises up from the water
  dish that she just emptied and winces slightly as she starts to pad to the
  other corner where the bucket sits, looking down at it in total horror, seeing
  the soft cloths setting beside it, shame coloring her features at the thought
  of what he means for her to do, the low cramping in her belly making her wince
  as her toes curl into the floor, her thoughts so focused on staring down into
  the bucket that she does not hear the sound of the door opening, the sudden
  hot searing pain in her bottom as she is smacked and her hair is pulled back
  sharply, screaming out, back arching backwards as her hands fly back at her
  assailant, feeling her air cut off as his arm closes around her throat, holding
  her tight to His chest, shoulder blades pressed against His solid bulk, the
  sound of His voice in her ear all she can hear&hellip;  
"I thought I had taught you a lesson the first
  time cunt, not to ever stand on your feet, until you have fully learned your
  place, but I can obviously see you are more stubborn than I thought, I guess
  it's time for another lesson from Me...for you".  
And with those words He tightens His arm around
  d her neck, fully cutting off her air until her nails were clawing at His arm,
  trying to scream out, growing dizzy as she sees spots before her eyes, her
  knees buckling quickly, falling to the floor , the pain searing in it's intensity
  as her bones press to the tiles. Crying out hoarsely as He releases her, body
  folding forward, sobbing out, her throat sore and swollen, her tears pooling
  on the floor as they drip down her cheeks and off her chin, wiping at her face
  fast, her embarrassment thorough and complete, screaming out in fear as she
  feels Him grasp her hair, pulling her upwards. Feeling like an animal as she
  feels her hands reach up and curl around His wrist, trying to loosen His hold
  as he keeps pulling, bending her backwards. Eyes staring up at His face, wide
  with horror, trying to stop sobbing, feeling her nose run and her salty tears
  soaking her face. His words hammering into her skull as he shakes her at every
  word.  
"You are &ndash;not- to be on your feet bitch,
  ever, at any time until I give you the ok to be. We are going to teach you
  to listen and obey if it's all I have to do to try to get through to you".  
With those words she feels His hand creeping down
  over her breasts, not touching her, barely there, until reaching her belly,
  pressing in on her , just above her belly button in smooth downward strokes,
  up and down, over and over.  
"Now...I'm going to teach you what punishment is.
  I assume you were standing over here because you were trying to work up the
  courage to use the bucket, which tells me you have to piss. I'm here to help
  you do that, to teach you that nothing you do from now on will be hidden or
  private from anyone, especially me as your trainer."  
Gasping out at Him, His hand putting more and more
  pressure on her belly, feeling the cramping pain, her eyes squeezing shut as
  she tries to shake her head at Him. "no no no no no&hellip;oh you can not be
  doing this to me&hellip;no, oh no, please&hellip;no, I did not sign up for
  this, oh please, nonono.." . Her voice trails off as He puts extra pressure
  on her, sobbing out, trying to fold forward, her entire body shaking with the
  pain and humiliation he is trying to force her into, trying to find a safe
  spot in her mind and let this all go, the blackness enfolding her quickly as
  she finds herself growing faint and weak&hellip;&hellip;.  
Chapter 4   
   
 The pressure grows in her belly , each down stroke
  of His hand on her lower stomach pushing on her bladder. She sobs out with
  a loud sound as she swipes at Him with her fingernails, wanting to hurt, needing
  to get away, hair caught in His grip so tightly that her skin is pulled taut
  on her face.  
 Screaming out as His hand leaves her belly and
  strikes her breasts, the heated flush creeping over then under the soft cotton
  of her t-shirt, raw and sore, eyes flying open, glittering with unshed tears
  as He then returns to pushing on her belly.  
 His voice whispering in her ear in a dark monotone, "I'm
  going to teach you , you little bitch, exactly what it means to feel ashamed
  of your actions. You are being punished, and you will accept that fact. If
  you ever strike out at me again, I will slap more than your breasts. You will
  have a spanking that will leave you laying on your belly for days. Now come
  on, baby, let go, pee on the floor for me. You can do it. Let go, give me the
  control that I seek. You know you want to. Once you do, this will be over and
  forgotten. You will be forgiven and allowed to move on to other things".  
 Trying to shake her head, body trembling, the
  cramping severe in her belly as He keeps pushing on her bladder, her face hot
  with shame and tears, snot running down from her nose as she tries to wipe
  at her face. Every movement only increasing the pressure on her bladder as
  he bows her back harder with a hard pull in her long hair.  
 She screams out and feeling her own hot pee running
  down her ass cheeks as she finally feels her bladder let go. Hysterically crying,
  trying to catch her breath as she hears the hissing of it as it strikes the
  tiles. Her hands flying up to cover her face, sobbing into them, never in her
  life having felt so dirty and ashamed, thinking that this is the end of her
  and she will never want to be seen again.  
 Suddenly she feels His hand stroking the side
  of her face, her bruised cheek. His fingertips softly caressing her, His voice
  making soothing sounds as she sobs, body trembling, her hair released as He
  pulls her against His chest and rubs her back. Allowing her to cry unheeded
  for a few minutes, until His voice and words penetrate her psyche, "good girl,
  very good little girl, you did it. You took your punishment. That's it, baby,
  let it go, feel the pleasure you have been allowed in pleasing me. It's over
  now, and hopefully it will not have to be repeated. You will be free to use
  the bucket, and you should have learned now that my word is law".  
 Her hiccups echo back at her from His chest as
  she listens to His strangely soothing words, finding herself wanting to curl
  into the warmth and kindness He is offering. His hands making her body feel
  calm again. The hot stench of her own urine striking her nose as she crinkles
  it and buries it in His chest, only to whimper out as she is pushed away, eyes
  looking up at His long legs as He rises from His squatting position, her own
  arms wrapping around her upper body at the sudden chill that His releasing
  her has left behind.  
 "Now then, it's almost dinner time, I will see
  you later, little girl. I expect that mess to be cleaned up. Normally you would
  be cleaning such a mess with your dirty little mouth, but we can save that
  in case you have issues cleaning up your language. For now use the clothes
  and place them in the laundry basket next to them. You will have your chore
  time later. You can wash them then. When I return, we will see what you have
  learned, and perhaps you will get a chance to speak, if I find your attitude
  pleasing."  
 With that He turns on His heels and strides out
  of the dimly lit room, closing the door solidly behind Him and leaving her
  huddled by her own puddle of pee on the floor, tear streaked and straggly from
  her punishment. Slowly turning and reaching for a cloth, dipping it in the
  bowl of fresh water as she places it over her flushed face, trying to stop
  her tears as she rests her aching cheek in the crook of her palm, quietly wiping
  up the urine on the floor and trying not to gag at the thought of having to
  lick that up, knowing she would revolt and probably earn more pain. Placing
  the cloth in the basket and slowly moving to rise and move to the corner she
  has made her sleeping corner, paling as she suddenly drops back to the floor,
  her head spinning with a just learned lesson. Crawling on her hands and knees
  like an animal over to the corner, ignoring the small sensation in the back
  of her head that keeps reminding her of how pleasant it was to be told "good
  girl", and feel His gentle caresses after the pain He had given her. Her fingers
  tangling in her messy hair as she curls on her side and closes her eyes to
  rest until her Trainer returns to the room.  
Chapter 5   
   
 Slowly coming to awareness, jolting upright as
  she remembers the humiliation of the past hours, rubbing her hands over her
  face as she tries to not open her eyes, thinking, pressing her forehead to
  her knees, letting the feelings that are in her head flow through her with
  flitting images, the feeling of helplessness she felt when He held her hair
  and forced her to do such naughty things for Him, the feeling of safety and
  security as He called her a good girl and held her close against His chest,
  allowing her to cry, the sweet release of tears as they washed down her face
  when she finally let her sobs out, the icy coldness that settled over her when
  He finally pushed her away and walked from her, trying to ignore the fact that
  all she had wanted to do at that time was crawl after Him, yes crawl, god she
  wanted to crawl after a man and beg Him to stay with her, hold her and teach
  her, all this confusion, what was happening to her?!  
She slowly crawls, her body aching, over to her water dish. Seeing that it
  had been replenished while she slept, wondering why she did not wake, reaching
  up and gathering her hair into her hand so it does not get wet as she laps
  at the sweet cool water. Not even thinking twice about her actions, until she
  notices the dish of food and the scent of it, her belly rumbling with hunger.
  Tilting her head as she ponders how to eat this and stay clean at the same
  time. Noting that it is some sort of stew, chunks of potato and meat floating
  in a rich creamy broth. Whimpering as the scent makes her feel weak with hunger,
  yet not wanting to eat it with out her hands or silverware. Cheeks flaming
  with heat, eyes flickering to the door, her belly cramping at the thought of
  more punishment. She slowly creeps closer to the food dish. The steam, warm
  and fragrant, as it curls up at her nose. Mouth watering, looking around quickly
  and ducking her face down to lick at the broth. The richness of it on her tongue
  causing her to lap faster, taking all she can get. Tilting her head slightly
  to wrap soft lips around a small chunk of potato as she slowly sucks it into
  her mouth. Sitting back on her heels as the taste settles over her, heavenly
  and sinful at the same time. The hot broth dripping down her chin as she chews,
  unable to stop it, hunger making her eat rapidly finally. Lips and tongue working
  at the stew as if they had always known how to, so intent on filling her hungry
  belly that she does not hear the door opening or the boots that approach her,
  stopping behind her.  
 Not knowing that the Man is watching the beast
  as she laps at the bowl of stew. Soft whimpers leaving her lips as she gets
  her fill, one hand still curled around her long locks, keeping them safely
  out of the way. A soft cry leaving her lips as she suddenly feels a hand on
  her shoulder and jerks upright, all hunger forgotten, head bucking up, eyes
  flashing to His face, her tongue rolling over her lips, dabbing at the corners
  of them, shameful pink color heating her cheekbones as she sees the smile curling
  up the corners of His lips. "Well, well, well girl, I see you ate like you
  are supposed to. Very good, I am pleased with you".  
 With these words she feels her belly unknot, her
  body settling back, eyes glued to His hands as he reaches into the bag he carries
  and hands her a brush. "Now make yourself presentable. I wish to look at you.
  You have 10 minutes to present yourself to me. You may use the clean water
  and clothes that are over by your bucket".  
She gasps as she reaches for the brush and blinks at His words, tugging the
  brush through long snarled locks, eyes watering as she tries to get her hair
  smooth and straight again, feeling it settle over her body like a soft warm
  cloud, looking around quickly and crawling to her bucket, the heavy sway of
  her breasts in her t-shirt making her well aware of the fact that she is barely
  dressed in front of this man, trying to hurry, knowing His eyes are watching
  her movements, somehow that thought is making it much harder for her to move,
  the heat in her lower belly making her wonder if she is getting ill.  
 Dipping a cloth in the water in the dish by her
  bucket and washing her face, drying it of all tears and food drippings. Groaning
  at herself for having been caught in such a state. Relaxing as she feels clean
  and presentable again. Turning, she slowly crawls over towards the man, not
  sure at all how she is to present herself to Him. Eyes wide in her face as
  she sees Him lift his hand to stop her from moving "Stop girl".  
 She stops and looks at Him.  
 "I want you to listen to me and listen closely.
  In case you have not noticed, you are still dressed. Wearing clothing in front
  of a male in doors is a privilege. One you have not yet earned, and in time,
  perhaps one you will enjoy not having. I expect you naked. Your panties are
  soiled. You had not removed them when I punished you. I am assuming with all
  that is going on you have not noticed any of this. You will be forgiven this
  once. Now, you have 3 minutes left. I suggest you get your ass in gear".  
 She gasps, pulling back, mind swirling, "naked!" He
  expects her to be naked for Him! Oh &hellip;no no no that is not possible.
  She must have heard wrong. Being naked was never a part of this deal. No, it
  was not, she would have balked. Only her boyfriend had ever seen her naked.
  This could not be happening. Her thoughts spinning out of control, not noticing
  the passage of the 3 minutes as she stared at the floor with her arms wrapped
  around her belly until she suddenly felt the sharp pain in her scalp as He
  yanked her head back by her hair.  
 "Time's up, cunt. You did not choose to obey me.
  We will fix that".  
 And with that, he removes a sharp blade from his
  pocket and proceeds to draw it up her thigh, the blade turned away from her
  flesh. Her heart stopping as she flinches back. "Oh, My God. NO, don't, You
  never told me I had to be naked! I can't be naked! I can't I can't I can't".  
 "You can, and you will, cunt. That is how I wish
  it, and what I wish is always what happens, especially with little sluts like
  you. Being naked can be either very freeing or very humiliating, depending
  on the situation. Because of your slowness, you may find this very humiliating,
  that's tough for you".  
 The blade of His knife cuts her panties free from
  her thigh, sliding right through the soft cotton. Her breath totally stopping
  as her mind goes blank, feeling the soft material falling from her body, leaving
  her defenseless as His knife slides between her breasts. His fingers holding
  her head back, taut. Her pulse very evident in the crook of her neck as he
  slices right through her t-shirt, baring her breasts to Him, her nipples small
  and pink on her heaving chest. Hands flying up by instinct to block her body
  from view, material pooling on the floor around her bottom as her back is arched
  back. Pain flashing red in her head as she is slapped, a hard slap to the sides
  of her breasts with the flat of His knife.  
 "Hands down. NOW, cunt. Don't you EVER block your
  body from my view. If you do, you may wish you were dead by the time I finish
  with you".  
 Her hands dropping to her sides as she struggles
  to hide her face in shame. Her entire body bared to His view, chest heaving
  , sobs building in her throat,&hellip;.unwilling to think of what may be next
  as she feels His gaze sliding over her body, up and down, up and down, His
  fingers tightening their hold on her hair slowly, ever so slowly&hellip;..  
Chapter 6   
 The girl feels her body answering to His ever
  tightening hold on her long locks, back bowed so soft breasts offered up to
  Him for His hand to touch, maul, hurt or stroke, cheeks flooded with warm color,
  her breathing most embarrassing as she realizes she's panting, not willing
  to admit to herself that this even turns her on in the smallest way, but unable
  to ignore the clenching of her cunt muscles as they grip at the air, a moist
  swirling of heat that seems to roll through her in waves.  
 She feels His fingers loosen their hold, her body
  staying in position, unable to do much more than raise her gaze to His face
  and try to breath, every nerve ending ready for His hands striking her as her
  body stiffens, the fact that she is naked a fact she prefers not to think about.  
 "Now then, bitch, let's see the canvas of flesh
  that we have to play with."  
 He steps back; she can feel His gaze stroking
  her body, causing her to visibly quiver as He looks her over, her nipples feeling
  tight and hard as blood rushes into her aureola, feeling it pucker, wrinkling
  with some feeling she can't quite explain, blushing as she feels her shoulders
  pull back and offer Him more of her soft skin, eyes slowly closing as He draws
  his gaze over her, her thigh muscles feeling strained as she keeps them open
  for Him, the slick moisture that seeps out of her body something she can easily
  ignore until she feels His hand touching her, a gasp leaving her lips in shock,
  head falling back as His fingers explore her breasts, smoothly pushing on them
  and tugging on her nipples, weighing them in His palm, flicking His nail over
  her nipples, a small scream escaping her lips as she feels His nail slowly
  sinking into the tender pink flesh of one hard bud.  
 "Oh..that hurts, oh please don't hurt me, that
  hurts, Sir, oh it hurts, please I have not done anything wrong, I am staying
  in position, oh please no pain."  
 He laughs.  
 Her body crawls with fear, hands clenching at
  her hips, wanting to hide herself from His view but not willing to face the
  fears He's sending into her body in small pulsing beats. Her words having only
  made His nail sink in harder, back arching, flashes of light behind her eyelids
  as her lips part.  
 She squeals out.  
 "Ah, such a pretty little thing you are, such
  tender hard little nipples, you are going to be one bitch that is fun to train.
  You will learn that not all pain is for punishment purposes, and not all punishment
  includes pain; it is for me to control, and for you to accept, allow this pain
  to help you explore yourself, take your fingers, open that cunt for me, spread
  those lips wide."  
 She shakes her head no, hearing His words, the
  pulsing beat in her nipple causing her to have issues thinking, His grip becoming
  tighter on her small bud, throbbing deep inside her, one trembling hand coming
  up to slide down her thigh, palm sweaty with embarrassment, fingertips icy
  cold against the flush of her flesh's surface, gasping out in a soft moan as
  her fingers find her slick cunt, the tuft of hair over her lips already moist
  with seepage, hips rolling more forward to her touch, face flooding with color
  as she tries to twist her head to the side only to feel His grip on her hair
  shaking her, a small warning to hold still as His nail cuts into her, drawing
  forth a yelp.  
 Shock reverberates through her spine as she strokes
  wet pussy lips, spreading her own moisture over her body's surface, slick and
  slimy, thick and warm, cooling fast as her hips roll back and forth, eyes sliding
  shut as her mind escapes into the pleasure she is experiencing, able even to
  ignore the pain in her nipple. His fingers starting to roll it, frissons of
  some weird, tingly warmth crawling down her belly as her breathing reaches
  her ears, and she fingerfucks her body for the pleasure of this man, her first
  time doing such in front of another person, crying out as her fingers touch
  to a swollen clit, feeling it poke out hard and tight from its hood, thighs
  parting even wider, His grip on her hair loosening as she loses herself in
  the pleasure, pressing on that tiny button, hips bucking upwards as heat starts
  to cover her in mottled colors, her body shaking as the crux of need rises
  inside her, suddenly she feels His fingers close around her wrists, pulling
  them high above her body, hips still fucking, fucking like a slut at the air,
  wet cunt lips parted and swollen as she offers her body so wantonly to Him.  
 "Oh no, please&hellip;oh, don't stop me, please,
  Sir, please, the pleasure is so strong, so heavy, I need to touch, please don't
  stop me, fuck, fuck, please I need this, oh my body feels so swollen and ripe."  
 "Ahhhh, such a good little slut you are, but mmmm&hellip;.no,
  I do not think now is the time for you to be allowed release, you have not
  earned that reward yet, I simply wanted to see how well you react to fear and
  control."  
 He holds her wrists tighter, ignoring the fact
  that her body is writhing beneath Him, her soft cries heated and dry as she
  struggles to go over the precipice she had carried her body to, anger flashing
  in her head at His words, not allow her release? What the hell is this man
  speaking of, NOT ALLOW her to cum? Like He could stop her, her body was not
  His, could not be His, she would not allow it!  
 Tightening down her muscles harder, riding the
  waves of pleasure that coursed through her system, the edge so close, so very,
  very close as her panting reaches a high level, screaming out suddenly as she
  feels the sharp *SLAP* to her cheek, reeling backwards, all thoughts of pleasure
  leaving her mind as she falls to her side and wraps her fingers around her
  face, released from His grip as He slaps her, sobbing out in anger, fear, denial,
  and some sort of strange hungry need that is coursing through her, her knees
  pulling up to her chin as she curls a throbbing body into a tight ball at His
  feet, tears once again coursing down her cheeks.  
 "Time for me to take my leave once again. When
  I return, little slut, you will crawl to my feet and present yourself to me;
  I suggest you take the next few hours to rest, drink and eat, you are shaping
  up really well, I am quite pleased with you. Do not touch yourself, in any
  way, in any sexual manner that seeks to orgasm, if you do, you will pay, and
  pay dearly."  
 So saying, He turns and walks out, the solid clicking
  of the lock causing her to twitch in a ball on the floor, quiet sobs carrying
  her into a safe small sleep, her thoughts spinning out of control in her head.  
Chapter 7   
 She slowly lifts her head from her arm, her tears
  having dried upon her cheeks, body throbbing and quite sore from the clenching
  of her muscles that he had caused, her cunt moist and warm at the apex of creamy
  thighs, hand slowly sliding down over the flat of her belly as she explores
  her body, making sure she understands what just happened to her, eyes closing
  as her fingers explore, the tender swell of her breasts as she massages her
  nipples, the slick wetness of her cunt lips as her hand rapidly pulls back
  with a small mewing sound in her throat, unable to stop the lifting of her
  hips to her fingers, gasping out as she covers her face and thinks "what am
  I doing, what am I becoming, what is he doing to me, my emotions, my thoughts,
  all I want right now is to be fucked, filled with hot pulsing meat, my body
  has this craving to ride something, I can't breath, I can't move, I'm like
  a sexual animal suddenly, and all because He told me I can not cum or touch
  myself, why would that happen to me and why can't I disobey Him, why, why,
  why do I CARE ?"  
 She rolls over and moves to a crawling position,
  making her way to the corner and eyeing the bucket she's supposed to use, gaze
  flicking to the door as she slowly squats over the bucket, her body trembling
  at such a task, making sure to keep her eyes glued to the doorknob as she slowly
  feels her bladder empty, the hot hissing sound making her cheeks burn hot,
  muscles pushing the urine out of her body quickly so she can be done before
  he returns, reaching for a fresh towel and wetting it as she cleans herself
  and moves as far from the bucket as she can, moving to the opposite wall and
  lapping at the water, thinking how natural this has all become in such a short
  time, the lapping from a water bowl, voiding her bladder into a bucket, obeying
  orders, her thoughts out of control as she ponders what else there is to become
  and experience.  
 Her head flies up as she hears the door opening,
  hands quickly wiping at her chin, seeing His boots appear in the doorway, eyes
  looking at His face, feeling like a little animal, kneeling there by her water
  dish, wiping at her wet chin, heart slamming in her throat as she remembers
  his last words, "present herself" what did that mean, ohgod, how does she present
  herself if she's never done it, but who can hurt her for trying? Right??  
 The girl moves towards His feet, crawling, her
  breasts feeling heavy and quite full under her body as they sway, the tickle
  of air over her already sensitive nipples making her hips sway a bit more,
  stopping as she reaches where He stands, her body moving to kneel before Him,
  hands not sure where to go, fluttering in the air before placing them down
  over her closed thighs, eyes peeking up at Him quite nervously, her long hair
  falling back from a flushed face. He looks down at her, seeing the girl try
  to do as she can, His fingers twining in her hair and pulling her head back
  so he can see the long expanse of her neck, her pulse beating erratically as
  she feels her nerves tighten from His movements , fingers curling tighter into
  her creamy thigh flesh as He suddenly takes the tip of His boot and pushes
  her thighs wider, gasping out as her hands almost cover her sex, remembering
  last time she twists them together and pulls them to her belly.  
 His boot continuing to widen her thighs, muscles
  quivering as He exposes her, her slick cunt lips spreading open to His gaze,
  a smile curling up the corners of His lips.  
 "Good girl."  
 Her heart stops at those words, a sudden urge
  to hear them more causing her to push her own body wider open to Him, hands
  coming up to cup her breasts, arching them up to His gaze, the nipples hot
  pink in color as blood rushes right to small gem hard nubs.  
 He chuckles.."very good girl."  
 Her body jerks at the words, and she gasps out,
  her own head falling back, needing more of whatever feelings it is He's causing
  her body to experience, watching His free hand come to her body, His fingertips
  ever so slowly circling her wrinkled aureola, her back arching deeper, needing
  more of His touch, crying out hoarsely as she feels the tip of His boot press
  to already swollen cunt lips, her hips pushing wantonly towards the feeling,
  His whispering voice making her tingle everywhere  
 "Such a good little girl you are. Let's see how
  deep you can go, how much pain and pleasure you can take and if you are able
  to turn your pain into pleasure. It's ok, little girl, don't be frightened,
  this lesson may be one you enjoy, you've been a very good girl and I am proud
  of you. I can smell that you were able to use the bucket and clean yourself
  well; you will clean the bucket later, or we shall see if you need it as a
  punishment. If I were you, I would keep pleasing me, little bitch, you can
  see that that causes us both much better rewards. Now turn from me and offer
  me a view of the holes I am going to torture and pleasure today."  
 Her eyes fly open , hearing Him, breath stopping
  in her throat, mind gone blank, "Turn? Present my holes to him?? Holes??? No
  this is NOT happening, that hole..no, I can not do this, I can't, I can not
  offer Him a view of that part of my body, oh I can't, I just can't, who does
  He think he is!!!??"  
 Feeling His fingers tighten around her exposed
  throat as He sees her hesitate, slowly squeezing the breath out of her, eyes
  flying to His face, her fear evident, feeling the very air she breaths being
  blocked from her as she raises her hands and curls them around His wrist, hearing
  the low menace in His voice as he says one last time&hellip; "I suggest you
  obey me&hellip;this instant&hellip;..cunt"&hellip;&hellip;  
Chapter 8 
 Taking a deep breath, His voice sounds like liquid
  steel as it flows over her senses, His fingers controlling every breath she
  takes, eyes growing wider and wider as she feels herself start to reel, growing
  dizzier by the second, gasping dryly as He releases her enough to let her get
  a small bit of air. His eyes drilling into her skull, body twisting away from
  Him in readiness to obey, just needing her neck released, feeling Him toss
  her aside like so much garbage as He sees her starting to obey, falling to
  the floor in a small heap , quickly trying to right herself as she presses
  a flushed cheek to the floor, her throat aching and swollen, the cool air flowing
  down it like a god send, her long hair pooling over her head in waves of color
  as she parts creamy thighs towards Him, the puffy lips of her cunt exposed,
  flesh tight and pink with embarrassment as she pulls her fingers to her head
  to curl in to fists against her lips.  
 "Reach back , fingers on your ass cheeks, pull
  yourself open to me."  
 The voice hitting her deep in her belly, making
  her cringe as she grasps the meaning of them, wanting not to do this, not daring
  to disobey again, trembling hands reaching back, her long nails sinking into
  her bottom cheeks, pulling her soft flesh open for Him, nails leaving red moon
  shapes on her inner butt cheeks, her tiny dark star exposed to Him, a sob escaping
  her lips as she realizes just how much she craves to please this Man, not be
  hurt again, yet wanting, deep inside herself, to feel pain, mixed with pleasure,
  the pain He gave her as he squeezed her clit, her body open and bared, tears
  leaking out of her eyes to pool on the floor beneath her cheek, nipples mashed
  under her on the floor, throbbing and hard, breasts swollen with every beat
  of her heart as she struggles to stay still.  
 She cries out with a deep cry as she feels His
  touch suddenly, His nail running down her spine, into the bow of her back,
  trailing up over the rounded curves of her bottom and down the crack of it,
  stopping just above her dark hole, her muscles clenching, vibrating, wanting
  to crawl away, not having the strength to, unable to stand the new sensations
  flooding through her.  
 "I read you are a virgin in this hole, little
  slut, we are about to fix that."  
 Her head lifts at those words, fear racing through
  her veins.  
 "Fix it? What do you mean&hellip;oh..nono no,
  please,oh god, don't hurt me, please Sir, please don't hurt me , I've been
  good, I'm trying, I swear I am."  
 She cringes as she hears Him chuckle, His voice
  reverberating down her spine.  
 "Did I say I was going to hurt you, lil girl?
  You are learning that even pain can be pleasurable."  
 With that He starts pressing his finger into her
  ass, her ring clenching, trying to keep him out, hissing out through clenched
  teeth, eyes squeezing shut, her body betraying her as it starts to push back,
  a soft whimper in her throat as she feels His hand curl under her, over her
  wet cunt, His fingers delving into her, feeling how aroused she is.  
 "Mmmm, just what I like to feel, an aroused sexy
  little bitch, c'mon, baby, push back to me, that's a good girl, such a good
  little girl, give yourself over to me, there's a sexy slut, just a lil more,
  ahhh such a good little babydoll you are."  
 She hears Him, barely able to move, her entire
  body trembling as she feels His thumb push harder, gasping out as she pushes
  back to Him, her hips swaying, crying out as the touch is removed suddenly
  and a loud smack hits her hip.  
 "Stop, enough, you are exactly as I thought you
  were, a hungry little cunt; tell me baby, tell me what you want."  
 Her head spinning, she looks back at him,long
  hair tousled around her flushed hungry face, her body bare and exposed to him,
  feeling the tickling trickle of her own body's cream dripping down her inner
  thighs as her clit starts to throb out of its protective hood, whispering very
  quietly, "I want you to take me, use me, fuck me, make me realize totally how
  much of a whore I can be, hurt me please, Sir, please teach me, please make
  me cry out in pain and pleasure, please Sir, I'm a slut, a cunt, a whore ,
  I need to do this, oh god pleaseeeeeeeeeeee&hellip;"  
 Her begging fading off with her pleas as she feels
  Him move to her side, his fingers forcing themselves into her wet cunt, muscles
  spasming around them, sucking at them, her body pushing back, taking what he
  offers, nails ripping into her ass cheeks, pulling her body more fully open
  to His view, gasping as pleasure makes her rock on her knees.  
 "Yes, yes, yes, yes, oh Sir, fuck yes please,
  oh god, I need this, I need a hard wanton fuck!"  
 She screams out as tears are flooding down her
  cheeks, offering Him her final submission, the total release of tears and sobbing,
  nostrils flaring as her body becomes under His control, His free hand kneading
  under one soft breast, bruising it as He squeezes, the pain causing her to
  push harder to His fingers inside her, clit about to explode.  
 "Oh, god, I'm going to cum, I'm going to explode,
  please Sir, I'm going to cum!"  
 With those words all sensation stops, he pulls
  back and steps away from her, her body convulsing on the floor, His hand gripping
  her hair, pulling her head back and up, throat exposed, heart beat evident
  in the crook of her neck, His open palm striking her face, marking her with
  His fingers, a red splotchy mark from the strong slap, all movement stopping,
  eyes opening wide, her hands flying up to her face in shock.  
 "You will NOT cum, you will obey me, and stop
  right now, you are not allowed that final release until &ndash;I- decide you
  are, STOP NOW!"  
 She shudders and folds forward, belly cramping
  sharply, unable to continue, her face against His feet, tears soaking into
  his boots, body a quivering mass of warmth and cold sensations, as she feels
  his words hit her center, the desire raging raw in her veins, unable to find
  release, thighs open as her hips fuck the air, letting her mind slip into a
  dark place to hide, her hands gripping at His ankles as she sobs.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  trelana{Kal}


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





