BDSM Library - The Submission of Sophie




The Submission of Sophie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Thomas teaches Sophie to obey and submit.Sophie's submission   
They arrived at the small but select
    hotel on Friday morning. If you happened to glance in their direction your
    eyes would immediately be drawn to the young woman. Even though she was bundled
    up to combat the cold her style was very evident.   
Her dark blonde hair, sun-streaked with
    lighter blonde, that spilled out from her woollen hat was shiny and straight.
    She wore little make-up and what she did was skilfully applied. The nip in
    the air outside had added natural roses to her cheeks. Her clothes, a simple
    tweed coat over a designer suit and silk blouse, were unostentatiously elegant.   
The man seemed older than this girl,
    perhaps because of his air of command and the way he moved with such confidence,
    yet he was courteous and tender with her. His arm was around her, almost
    protectively, as they crossed the carpeted lobby and heads turned to watch
    their passage.  A father and
    daughter? No, he was too young. An uncle and niece? Perhaps.  They
    don't have the air of lovers.   He
    was tall and darkly handsome with a sprinkle of premature grey at his temples.
    His clothes were also carefully chosen and worn well.   
They signed the register and left the
    lobby, not conscious of the eyes still on them. A bellboy took them to their
    rooms, a plush and very comfortable suite. After their bags had been delivered
    the man dismissed the bellboy with a generous tip and a curt nod. The girl
    was taking off her hat and coat and he moved to take it from her, hanging
    both their coats in the closet then he sat down to watch the girl move through
    the rooms, his arm draped casually across the back of the sofa.   
She was exploring, looking everywhere,
    going from room to room excitedly. Her face alive with happiness, she threw
    herself into the man's lap kissing and hugging him.   
"Oh thank you, Thomas this is wonderful" she
    said, kissing him.   
Laughing the man disentangled the woman's
    arms from around his neck and, giving her a quick kiss back, said,   
"Sophie, this is only the start of the
    weekend, pace yourself&hellip;there is lots more to come".   
Sophie was inwardly thrilled as he spoke;
    she was nervous and a little frightened but also very excited at his word, "  lots
    more to come  ". She and
    Thomas had planned this weekend to explore their relationship, to see how
    far they were prepared to go in their journey. Standing up Thomas held Sophie
    at arms length and, staring into her clear blue eyes, he asked,   
"Are you ready Sophie, for our adventure
    to begin? "  
   
"I trust you, Thomas." She said simply and smiled back into his dark eyes. 
   
  Although they had known each other for a couple of months, this was the first
  lengthy period of time they would spend together. Many times they had made
  love, each time reaching new levels but Thomas could see she was capable of
  offering even more, of greater passion and he wanted to teach her how to reach
  those heights. He was sure of his dominance but what of her submissiveness? 
   
  She was so young and green; he knew he would have to proceed carefully. It
  would be so easy to allow his libido to rule his head and risk alienating her
  completely. Although she lacked experience she had a great enthusiasm and a
  willingness to learn.  
   
  As they stood before one another he slowly unbuttoned her suit jacket, his
  eyes never leaving hers. She found it difficult to remain looking into his
  piercing, dark eyes; they seemed to both challenge and encourage her. She stood
  passively knowing that this was her role at this point.   
He took her upper arms and pulled her
    to him, kissing her deeply for a minute. His hands slid down her back, feeling
    to see if she had worn the underwear he had told her to wear for the occasion
    and he was pleased to find she had.   
She wore a half-cup bra that barely
    held her breasts and a suspender belt over bikini briefs under her clothes.
    He stepped away and she stood there, feeling strangely naked and vulnerable
    in her tailored skirt and silk blouse, stockings and 4" high heels.   
He found the image of her standing there,
    unsure and confused, very erotic and saw her nipples obviously erect beneath
    the silk of her green blouse. Thomas made her wait for a full minute. Then
    he poured two glasses of wine and brought them over to where she stood feeling
    increasingly uncomfortable. He recognised her discomfort and put the wine
    down.   
Although they had made love many times
    and knew one another's bodies well she was not used to being looked at so
    objectively and apparently, coldly, as Thomas seemed to be doing. Embarrassed,
    she coughed and fidgeted, and he smiled as he watched her discomfort.   
Suddenly realising he was getting close
    to really upsetting her, he moved to embrace her and she melted into his
    arms in relief. He guided her to the armchair and she sat demurely, her knees
    pressed tightly together. She hardly dared look at him; his whole persona
    seemed to have changed. He was assertive and stern, making abrupt gestures
    to indicate what he wanted, but through it all she felt his love. At his
    unspoken command she picked up the wine from the coffee table and sipped
    it. He joined her, raising his glass to her in a silent toast.  
   
  For several minutes they sat until their wine glasses were drained. He hummed
  to himself, not smiling when she caught his eye and not speaking. The tension
  was almost more than she could take, waiting and wondering what he would do
  or demand next.   
Their times together, apart form the
    love-making, had always been filled with chatter, mostly hers admittedly,
    but now he sat in stony silence and she knew he didn't want to hear her voice.
    She fidgeted and played with the empty glass in her hand. He coughed and
    frowned at her so she stopped, looking down at her hands.   
After a few more silent minutes he stood
    abruptly, startling her, and went to one of the suitcases on the luggage
    rack by the door. He hauled it to the table and threw the lid back. She couldn't
    see what it held but she knew it wasn't his clothing.   
On the table he laid out a white clothe
    and on that he placed several pieces of fabric, a tube and a small vial,
    a white candle and matches, some things that looked like large tie clips
    on a thin chain and, making her shiver, a thin vicious-looking switch. Thomas
    straightened up from arranging the table and closed the lid.   
He looked at Sophie and nodded. She
    stood and took a step towards him but he put a hand up to stop her. He silently
    indicated that she disrobe where she was, in front of the big window and
    silhouetted against the light. Knowing that anyone outside who happened to
    look up at the window would be able see her she hesitated but he snapped
    his fingers impatiently.   
Slowly she started by unbuttoning her
    blouse looking at Thomas pleadingly. He was lounging in one of the easy chairs,
    his long legs stretched out in front of him and his hands behind his head.
    Seeing she was not going to get any pity she continued to undress in a dispirited
    way. Impatiently Thomas sat up.   
"Sophie!" He snapped. "For pity's sake
    put a little effort in to it! Undress for me! Forget the outside world."   
She looked into his eyes and felt such
    love and desire for him that she did, in fact, forget that she might be visible
    from outside. She swayed her hips, unzipping her skirt and letting it fall
    slowly to her feet. As she stepped out of the crumpled garment she ran her
    hands over the smooth skin of her body in the way she would have wanted Thomas
    to touch her. Her hands travelled up to her black half-cup bra, the fastening
    of which was between her breasts.   
She un-clasped it, keeping it on for
    a few seconds before allowing her full breasts to swell free revealing taut
    nipples hardened by desire. Sophie stood still now, a silhouette against
    the sunlight outside, in her black briefs and suspenders, her dark stockings
    and high heels. The room was in total silence broken only by their breathing.
    He beckoned her over and she walked slowly forward to what she knew could
    change her life forever. 
   
  Thomas sat forward and held out a foot, she knelt and tenderly took it in her
  lap. She undid his shoe and removed it along with the black sock. Then, as
  Thomas held out the other foot she did the same. He raised himself from the
  chair and, taking her arms, he helped her to stand. He stood in front of her,
  very close and when she looked up at him he nodded.   
Hesitantly she reached out and un-knotted
    his tie, removing it. When she looked into his eyes again, he nodded and
    gave a small smile. Breathing more easily after she had seen the reassuring
    smile she undid the buttons of his shirt revealing the dark hair if his chest.
    She resisted the urge to run her hand over it, because she knew this was
    not what he wanted this time.   
She let her hands run down each of his
    arms and undid the cuff buttons, again resisting the urge to take each of
    his hands and kiss them, as she would have done normally. With the shirt
    completely undone she pushed it off his broad shoulders and took it to fold
    neatly. Next she knelt and concentrated on the belt and fastenings of his
    trousers.   
Had Sophie looked up at this point she
    would have seen that Thomas was smiling tenderly down at the top of her bowed
    head. When she did move to look up he quickly returned to the stern expression
    and she didn't see his smile. Thomas's trousers concertinaed around his ankles
    and he stepped out of them, Sophie took and folded them.   
Now they were undressed, she kneeling
    before him in her brief panties and unaccustomedly high heels and he standing
    over her in his undershirt and boxer shorts, noticeably aroused. Thomas reached
    towards the suitcase that still lay on the table with its lid closed. He
    flipped the lid open and took out something black. It was a robe, which he
    put on and tied at the waist.   
Sophie's heart sank, she was to be deprived
    of the sight of his body that she loved so and of the arousing affect she
    had on him. He indicated that she should stand which she did unsteadily,
    hampered by the heels. He pulled out the wooden chair at the desk and carried
    it to the centre of the room. She was made to sit here and he walked behind
    her to the table where the contents of the case had been set out.   
The chair had been set so that Sophie
    couldn't see what he was doing but she listened intently to the sounds he
    made. She heard him come up behind her and felt his warm hands on her shoulders.
    He leant down and kissed her ear, whispering.   
 " Will you obey me unconditionally?"  
   
"Yes." 
   
"What ever I ask you to do or to become?" 
   
"Yes." 
   
"Good girl. Are you afraid?" 
   
"Yes." 
   
"We have a "safe word", Sophie. If, at anytime, you find you cannot handle what
I do or ask of you just say "enough" and I will stop whatever it is. Do you understand?" 
   
"Yes." 
   
"Very well, I think we are both ready to begin " 
   
"Yes."  
   
  As she spoke the last word he took her right wrist and tied it firmly to the
  rear right chair leg, then her left to the left back leg using some of the
  fabrics strips. Her position forced her chest up and made her breasts stand
  out. She felt her groin moisten as her excitement rose.   
She still could not see what he was
    doing but she heard the unmistakable sound of a match being struck and smelt
    the sulphur. She heard him go in to the kitchenette and open the fridge,
    then the sound of ice being thrown into a bucket. He walked back and stood
    behind her silently.   
Suddenly she felt a searing pain on
    her right breast and, looking down, she saw a trickle of opalescent white
    wax hardening on her areola. Thomas's hand came round and cupped her breast;
    in it was an ice cube, which he held against her stinging nipple. The pain
    subsided and he stepped back leaving a trickle of ice water running down
    her thigh where it had dripped.   
Once again her breast was seared, this
    time the left. She gasped and stiffened, giving a small cry. His hand tenderly
    held the breast and soothed it with more ice, once more leaving an icy trickle
    of water. She sighed with relief only to be shocked by the pain of the hot
    wax on her thigh just above the stocking top.   
This time, instead of his hand holding
    the ice he came round and knelt, putting his mouth to the scalded spot. His
    kiss was ice cold and she realised he had taken the ice in his mouth. Once
    again he stood behind her and she braced for the next drops of molten wax
    but nothing happened. She turned her head this way and that trying to see
    where he was, what he was doing but he was silent and invisible.   
Suddenly she gave a shriek of pain as
    a stream of hot wax fell on the other thigh. This time he left it to cool
    and pucker on her skin. Tears of pain and fear came to her eyes and she began
    to wonder whether she would anger Thomas with her weakness.  
   
  She was plunged into darkness as a band of dark velvet was snugly wrapped around
  her head covering her eyes. Again she turned her head, this time to catch any
  sound he might make to indicate what he was doing. As she sat tensely waiting
  she felt his fingers remove the wax gently from her nipples and thighs.   
Next the fingers were undoing her suspenders
    just below where the hot wax had been, and then around at the sides of her
    thighs. She felt him rolling her hose down to her ankles, removing her shoes
    and the stockings. Her legs felt freshly cool with the air on them and she
    became intensely aware of their nakedness.   
She stiffened as she felt cold metal
    touch her skin and the "snack" of a knife as he cut through her suspender
    belt. Then his hands moved her knees apart gently but firmly and she felt
    the knife cold against her pussy as he slid the blade between her flesh and
    the black silk of her briefs. With a "snack" her panties fell away from protecting
    her most private area and she instinctively tried to close her legs. His
    hands prevented her and the knife made one final cut below her right hip,
    she felt him tug the shredded garment off her. His hands left her then and
    she heard him move away. This time, when she moved her knees together nothing
    stopped her. 
   
   
   
  She sat very still, every nerve alert, listening, even sniffing the air like
  an animal, her back straight and her knees primly together. Suddenly she jumped
  as Thomas's voice was very close to her ear.   
"Did I tell you that you could close
    your knees?" He growled. 
   
"No." she whispered 
   
"You knew I wanted you to keep them open, didn't you?" 
   
"Yes."  
   
"I have to punish you now, Sophie." 
   
"Yes." 
   
  Tears stung her eyes. Didn't he care for her anymore? With a soft "hiss" and
  a loud "crack!" the switch came down on the outside of her thigh. Twice he
  hit her and she yelped, the tears sprung out only to be absorbed by the blindfold.
  Thomas wouldn't even know she was crying. 
   
  But he did know and his heart ached as he looked down at the dispirited girl.
  She felt his soft lips touch hers and she rose to his kiss. They kissed deeply;
  he to comfort and reassure both of them, she to gain strength for what she
  now knew was ahead.  
   
"It's lunchtime. Are you hungry, Sophie?" Thomas asked her gently. 
   
"A little, yes." She admitted, relieved to be returning to some normalcy.   
As if by design a knock came at the
    door to announce room service. The room filled with the delicious smell of
    hot bread, cheese, garlic and fruit. . Thomas accepted the food at the door
    not wanting to expose Sophie. . After tipping and dismissing the man he surveyed
    the cart.   
It held a basket of bread, two bowls
    of steaming Italian soup, a large bowl of whipped cream and a platter of
    soft fruits. Below on a lower shelf were several bottles of wine and glasses.
    Satisfied that his orders had been carried out he pulled the cart in closer
    and drew another wooden chair to where Sophie sat quietly. She was making
    sure to keep her knees open and the effort was making her legs shake.   
"You can relax now, Sophie." Thomas
    said when he saw she was trying so hard to obey and she gratefully let her
    knees relax. Thomas noticed she did not shut them demurely as she had done
    before and smiled to himself. 
   
  Holding a napkin below her chin Thomas spooned the hot soup, feeding it to
  Sophie's waiting mouth. She winced at the first taste. "Too hot?" he asked. 
   
"It is a little -- but it tastes so good." He carefully blew on the next few
spoonfuls before carrying them to her lips. "Is there food for you too?" She
asked, "I want you to eat first, Thomas." 
   
"I am not hungry yet. Once you have finished the soup I will eat mine and then&hellip;" He
paused for effect. " &hellip; We will share dessert."   
The tone of his voice thrilled her and
    she knew he would have an unusual way of serving the next course. She finished
    the delicious soup and ate a slice of the crusty Italian bread, all of it
    fed to her by her lover. He tenderly wiped her chin, untied her wrists and
    removed her blindfold. 
   
"Now it is your turn to feed me." He said slipping the black band over his own
eyes. 
   
  She blinked and rubbed her eyes, flexing her freed wrists.   
"As you feed me, Sophie, My hands will
    remain in my lap, you must kneel at my feet and not spill a drop or a crumb.
    If you do I will have to punish you, understand? " 
   
"Yes, Thomas." 
   
"Also, from now on you will call me Master. Is that clear?" 
   
"Yes." 
   
  Yes, WHAT?" he almost shouted 
   
"Yes, Master." She said quickly. Although he didn't allow it to show on his face
he was thrilled with her compliance and, beneath his black robe his member was
constantly stirring. 
   
  Carefully, carefully she spooned the soup to his lips, rising from sitting
  back on her heels to reach his mouth, a hand cradled under the spoon to catch
  any drips. He smacked his lips and licked them. For the last few spoonfuls
  Sophie soaked them up with chunks of bread and, still with a hand cradled underneath,
  she fed them to Thomas.   
"Sophie, I would like some wine please." He
    said and she stood to fetch the bottle of red they had opened earlier.   
Pouring two glasses she raised one towards
    Thomas then realised she would have to feed him the wine also. She carefully
    lifted the glass to his lips but he was, apparently, not expecting it. He
    started and knocked the glass spilling some wine down the black robe.   
"Sophie, you must warn me, tell me what
    you are doing!" He said gruffly "I hope you didn't spill any, did you?"  
   
  What was she to do? Should she tell the truth and take the punishment she knew
  would surely follow or should she lie and hope he wouldn't find out? She stammered
  and stuttered, finally she said.   
"Yes, I have spilt some wine on your
    robe, Master. I am sorry." There was a pause that seemed to last for minutes. 
   
"Well done my little Sophie." He said gently. " Firstly, I have to tell you I
made you spill the wine on purpose to see if you trust me enough to be truthful.
Secondly, in all your concern over spilling the wine you still remembered to
call me "Master". This time I will not use the switch." She slumped back and
he heard her sigh with relief. 
   
"Let's have the next course. For this we will shower then adjourn to the bedroom
Sophie. I want you to go ahead. Have your shower then lie on the prepared bed.
Wait for me there."   
Sophie rose to her feet easily now the
    high heels no longer hampered her. Unseen by her, Thomas removed the blindfold
    and watched with satisfaction as she walked gracefully away with a newfound
    confidence in her nakedness, unconsciously seductive, her hips swaying. When
    she reached the bedroom he called out.   
"Close the door behind you."   
She obediently pulled the door closed
    and surveyed the room. Someone had been here earlier, unlit candles were
    scattered around the room and a large towel covered one of the twin beds.
    The air was scented with jasmine; Thomas knew it was her favourite scent. 
   
   
   
  Sophie went into the luxurious en-suit bathroom; all she would need had been
  set out on the counter. She started the shower and tied her hair up to avoid
  wetting it. Once under the soothing jets of warm water she started to relax.
  The remnants of wax sloughed off her breasts and thighs and with it went the
  memory of the punishment.   
Skin rosy and pink from the hot shower,
    she towelled herself dry. She brushed her hair and let it hang loosely at
    her neck. With a little of the scented powder, jasmine again she noticed,
    dusted on strategic spots, she felt ready. Walking a little nervously into
    the bedroom, she climbed onto the towel-covered bed and lay stiffly on her
    back.   
Above her she was startled and excited
    to see her reflection in a large overhead mirror. She moved this way and
    that, watching herself as she took various suggestive poses. She was so absorbed
    that she didn't hear Thomas softly open the door. He stood motionless, watching
    her with a little smile on his lips as she admired herself.   
She raised her head and suddenly realised
    he was there. Giving a small scream she rolled over into a tight ball, giggling.
    At first Thomas moved forward, smiling, as if to join in the game but he
    stopped short and his expression changed.   
"Sophie, this isn't the time or place
    for that." He said sternly and she straightened out, lying passively on her
    back murmuring. "I'm sorry, Master."   
Thomas had bathed in the other smaller
    and less luxurious bathroom and had not replaced his robe but stood before
    her, naked. He turned abruptly and went back to fetch the food trolley, wheeling
    it in close to the bed where she lay looking slightly chastened.   
"Now then, what shall I have for my
    next course?" He wondered aloud. "Some&hellip;whipped cream to start with
    I think." And he spooned a generous layer of cream over her entire torso,
    from breasts to pudenda. She jumped slightly and gasped at the chill on her
    skin but then lay still watching him.   
"Now, some berries. Strawberries!" And
    he tossed a dozen or so plump strawberries onto the cream.   
Sophie let out a small laugh but a sharp
    look from Thomas quietened her. Then he chose a selection of raspberries,
    blueberries and green grapes. Sophie could feel the cream starting to melt
    and run, she wriggled uncomfortably.   
"Be still." He snapped, "I don't expect
    my dish to move!" With that he leant down and, using his mouth only, started
    to eat the fruit.   
When he had eaten half of it and the
    cream covered his chin and nose he loomed over Sophie's face.   
" Clean my face Sophie." He ordered.
    Instinctively she made to use her hands but he caught and held them, never
    taking his eyes off hers. "No!" was all he said. She realised she was to
    use her tongue and strained to lick his face free of cream.   
Next, with his teeth Thomas took a large
    strawberry from the valley between her breasts and carried it to her mouth.
    He held it to her lips and she accepted it. It was fat and succulent and
    the red juice ran out of her mouth and down her cheek. Now it was Thomas's
    turn to use his tongue and he caught the rivulet as it trickled towards her
    ear, licking it away. He fed her this way until all the fruit was gone from
    her body and only soft cream remained.   
"Now, be still, Sophie. No matter what
    I do, you are not to react, do you understand me?"   
"Yes." There was a miniscule electric
    pause and she quickly added "Master." 
   
  She couldn't see but he gave a small nod. He lay beside her, his head adjacent
  to her hips. Leaning up on one elbow he licked her and dabbed his fingers in
  the cream. He presented his cream-laden fingers to her mouth and she greedily
  sucked. As the cream melted she felt it start to dribble over the sides of
  her body and down between her legs, it was a sensuous feeling and she longed
  to touch herself.   
Now his mouth was on her body, his broad
    tongue lapping at her belly button cleaning her skin of the cream. He sucked
    one entire breast into his mouth and she stifled a cry. There was nothing
    she could do about her erect nipples, which remained rigid and engorged but
    Thomas, to her relief, seemed to consider that acceptable. Her other breast
    was sucked clean and his tongue travelled down to finish cleaning her tummy.
    He licked the cream from he small trimmed patch and she held her breath,
    as he remained a little longer, probing with his tongue. She tried, oh how
    she tried not to move or make a sound but when his tongue burrowed in and
    touched her clitoris she arched her back and gave a loud moan. Immediately
    he rose and looked at her.   
"What did I tell you, Sophie?" 
   
"I'm sorry Master." She whimpered. "I couldn't help it." 
   
"Well you have to learn to control yourself." He said getting off the bed. " Go
to the bathroom, relieve yourself."   
When she came back and lay down again
    he took some of the bright cloth strips she had seen in the other room from
    the lower shelf of the trolley. Taking each of her wrists he tied them to
    the bed headboard and then her ankles to the footboard. Her arms were stretched
    straight up above her head but he made sure her legs were spread wide. Part
    of her tingled with excitement because they had played this game before and
    made incredible love that night, but she knew this was not a game.   
He was brusque and business like, not
    rough, but firm. To her horror she saw he had the switch in his hand and
    she closed her eyes. The sound of him flexing it made her shiver and she
    waited for the sting. When it came it was across her pudenda. Not as hard
    as it had been on her thighs but it still stung her. Again and again he flicked
    it at her and she started to feel arousal, tears of pain and humiliation
    prickled her eyelids.   
"Now, let there be no more disobedience." He
    said quietly walking away from the bed.   
He went into the bathroom and she heard
    water running. When he came back he had a wet cloth, which he used to wipe
    the remaining stickiness from her. His hands were gentle and loving, she
    found it hard to accept that these same hands had whipped her. Once he was
    satisfied that she was clean he left her alone and went to the other room,
    closing the door firmly behind him. 
   
  For what seemed like hours she lay listening, then she heard the door to the
  suite close. She listened for any sign that he was still next-door, not a sound
  could be heard. What was he doing? Was he leaving her here? After a while she
  must have fallen asleep because when she opened her eyes it was dark, a sort
  of panic set in and she struggled to loosen her wrists, which wasn't hard to
  do.   
She was just sitting up to un-tie her
    feet when light flooded the room and Thomas, now fully dressed, walked in.
    They both froze, he stood glaring at her and she lay back submissively.   
"What are you doing, Sophie?" he asked
    in a tightly controlled voice.   
She stammered, knowing that she had
    displeased him. "I was afraid you had gone and left me here&hellip;I-I- I
    heard the suite door close."   
She felt tears pricking her eyes. He
    strode to the bed and roughly untied her ankles.   
"Perhaps you're not ready for this." He
    wouldn't meet her eyes. "If you just can't trust me then all this is useless." He
    moved to the window and stood looking out at the city lights.   
"Please Thomas!" She cried out then,
    biting her lip as she realised she had blundered again by using his name.
    She rose from the bed and falling to her knees she crawled to him. Blood
    was in her mouth from her torn lip as she knelt at his feet.   
" Oh please, Master. One more chance." 
   
  He looked down at her degrading herself at his feet and he had no taste for
  it. He reached down and helped her to stand.   
"It's alright. You know I love you,
    don't you?" She nodded speechlessly. "Then  why   can't
    you trust me in this?" 
   
"It's like you're a different person." She whispered. "Someone I don't know." 
   
"I am still the man you love." He was smiling; although she had not raised her
eyes to his she could hear the smile in his voice and rejoiced. 
   
"Now, I have set some clothes out for you in the other room. We are going for
dinner at an exclusive restaurant with some old friends of mine and I want you
to look your best. Have a shower and leave your hair loose. Wear exactly what
is set out for you, no more and no less." 
   
  Almost before she could answer he was gone again and she stood alone in the
  bedroom. She walked to the outer room and saw the clothes set out neatly. There
  was a black push-up half-bra, black sheer hose and a black lacy suspender belt.
  A beautifully simple cocktail dress of heavy, wine-red silk was spread over
  the arm of the sofa with elbow length gloves of the same deep red beside it.
  Below, neatly set together, was a pair of high-heeled black evening sandals.  
   
  She showered thoroughly and spent extra time brushing out her hair. Satisfied
  with the shine and smoothness she walked naked to the clothes and put on the
  bra. It was not like any she had in her own wardrobe. When she leant forward
  to cradle her breasts in the cups the nipples were above the cup line. No matter
  how she adjusted herself the nipples were still visible. Sorting through the
  gathered underwear on the sofa she saw no panties. Thomas's word echoed in
  her ears&hellip;   
"No more and no less&hellip;."   
Worried that she was taking too long
    she wrapped the suspender belt around her hips and slid on the hose, hooking
    each suspender She turned, now, to the dress. On close inspection it was
    at least one size smaller than she usually wore. Her heart sank but she was
    determined to follow Thomas' instructions. She slipped the dress over her
    head and reached back to zip it up.   
As she finished zipping the tight bodice
    she caught sight of herself in the mirror over the sofa. Even with her face
    naked of make-up she looked stunning. Her long straight hair shone, the bra
    made her breasts very noticeable and the exposed nipples stood hard just
    out of sight below the neckline. Next she put on the sandals, simple and
    elegant. 
   
  Her complexion was flawless and she seldom wore make-up. Knowing that a heavily
  made-up face was repellent to Thomas she just applied a little mascara to darken
  and lengthen her thick lashes and a swipe of wine-red lipstick. She chose a
  perfume she knew he liked and dabbed a little in the crook of each elbow and
  between her breasts.   
Satisfied, she took one last look in
    the mirror. Yes, she thought, he would approve. Now what? Should she wait
    here or go down to the bar where she assumed he was waiting? She walked from
    the bedroom back to the sitting room, her heels clicking on the tiled floor.
    Then she saw something she hadn't noticed before, on the table by the window
    was a box containing an exquisite black orchid corsage and a small satin
    evening purse, black with tiny marquisette beads studying it.   
She snapped it open to look inside.
    It held a linen handkerchief, a small mirror and comb, lipstick and eye make-up
    and a folded note. The note read   -
    I hope you are  you ready
    now. A limousine is waiting downstairs, be quick. The driver has his  instructions  .   
Pulling on the long gloves she hurried
    to the closet to get her twead coat but it was not there, in its place hung
    a long black cloak of heavy velvet with a black fur trimmed hood. Still she
    peered into the cupboard looking for her coat then she realised Thomas meant
    her to use the cloak She enveloped herself in the warm folds, picked up the
    little bag and the orchid in it's box and headed down to the lobby.   
People stopped to stare as she stepped
    from the elevator and passed through the crowd. At the entranceway she raised
    the hood, not just to stave off the cold wind, but also to hide her face
    from the stares she elicited. Just as Thomas had said in the note, a sleek
    black limo with its engine running waited for her. The uniformed driver jumped
    out as soon as she appeared seeming to know she was his fare and held the
    door for her. 
   
  Once cocooned in the warmth of the cab she started to relax. "Where are we
  going?" She asked the cabbie. 
   
"I'm sorry Ma'am. I have been instructed not to converse with you".   
She sat back, a little perturbed; it
    was all getting rather mysterious. The bright city lights streamed by as
    the driver sped through the night. Sophie's eyes were big as she gazed through
    the window at the people and sights they passed. The limo pulled in under
    the awning of an older stone building and a liveried doorman stepped forward
    to open the cab door for her.  
   
  The restaurant was certainly impressive. Thick carpets muffled the sounds of
  conversation and cutlery clinking on plates giving an air of discrete elegance.
  Soft classical music played and the tables were well spaced, separated by banks
  of plants. Sophie's cloak was taken and hung for her.   
"Please come this way, Madam." The headwaiter
    murmured and Sophie followed him to the long mahogany bar away from the diner's
    muted conversation. As she climbed onto the high bar stool she was uncomfortably
    aware that she had no panties on and that the dress was shorter than she
    usually wore..   
"The gentleman will meet you here, madam." And
    the waiter left her.   
She accepted a martini from the bartender
    who told her it had been paid for. It was not pleasant sitting alone at the
    bar and she wished that Thomas would join her soon. Once she was sure she
    heard Thomas's distinctive laugh but, when she turned to look, he was nowhere
    insight. Then, suddenly he was there, he was in evening dress and looked
    even more handsome than usual. 
   
"Stand up Sophie. Turn around so that I can see you."   
She slipped from the stool and stepped
    away from the bar, turning slowly to him, eyes averted. He motioned her to
    continue turning and she did a slow twirl. 
   
"Charming." He said. "You look absolutely perfect." She smiled, resisting the
urge to look into his eyes. 
   
"You can sit again." Thomas sat down beside her and she kept her eyes on the
drink in front of her.   
It was then that she noticed that her
    short dress had ridden up exposing her stocking-tops, she tried to pull it
    down but he took her hand in his and stopped her. She looked nervously around
    wondering whether the other patrons had noticed. Two men sitting at a table
    a short distance away were staring at her in an obvious way and Sophie squirmed
    uncomfortably.   
"Turn and face the room Sophie. I want
    to show you off. I am so proud of the way you look."   
Thomas swivelled Sophie's bar stool
    so she was looking out right at the two staring men. The heels of Sophie's
    shoes were hooked into the foot bar of the stool and her knees were pressed
    tightly together, she was painfully aware of the fact that she was panty-less.
    The two men were at eye level with Sophie's crotch and made no pretence of
    their interest.   
"Open your knees Sophie." She turned
    to him, appealing with her eyes but he just nodded firmly, his eyes glittering.   
Slowly she relaxed her muscles and her
    thighs fell open. She kept her eyes lowered, unable to look at the ogling
    men. She knew they could see everything; she felt humiliated and excited
    all at once, humiliated that strangers were seeing her in a way that only
    Thomas had so far, and excited because she knew Thomas was proud of her.
    It was a new feeling for her and she gradually grew more confident, sitting
    up straighter and tossing her hair aside.   
Thomas noticed the change in her and
    was watching her carefully. He found her new self-assurance arousing and
    knowing that the two watchers were turned on just increased his arousal.
    The waiter approached and told them their table was ready. Thomas held Sophie's
    elbow as she slipped off the bar stool and, smiling sweetly at the two sweating
    men, she followed the waiter into the dining room.   
Their table was in a secluded corner
    of the dining room, hidden from the other diners by lush foliage. Sophie
    took the seat pulled out for her by Thomas and as he sat down she remembered
    to keep her eyes averted. Looking down she realised the table top was glass
    and she could see their legs and feet below. Instinctively she drew her feet
    in and tucked them under her chair. 
   
  Her eyes widened as she felt Thomas's shoeless foot press her knees open and
  travel upward. The waiter immediately saw what was happening and blushed deeply.   
" M-m-m-may I take your order now?" He
    said huskily. "Or would you like a few more minutes?" 
   
"We'll order now." Thomas said decisively. "We'd like the oysters on the half
shell to start with, and some chilled white wine&hellip;. Australian Chardonnay." 
   
"Yes, sir." And he was gone. Being seen in such a position mortified Sophie. 
   
"What's wrong with you Sophie?" Thomas asked impatiently. 
   
"He saw everything Thomas&hellip;how could you?" 
   
"For God's sake Sophie! He's seen far worse I'm sure. Do you realise you have
just addressed me incorrectly?" His foot squirmed hard against her and she gave
a little gasp of pain, closing her thighs involuntarily. " This means punishment
before the end of the meal." 
   
  The oysters were perfection and the wine was the ideal accompaniment. Next
  Thomas ordered an Indian dish, Butter Chicken. It arrived with assorted chutneys
  and breads. All through the meal Thomas kept one shoe-less foot or the other
  in Sophie's crotch, she was constantly on the verge of climaxing but he was
  careful to pull back as soon as her skin flushed and she moaned softly. The
  waiter had recovered his cool exterior and he lingered a little longer on each
  visit to their table, his gaze passing through the glass top to the action
  below each time he replenished their glasses.  
   
  As the curry dishes were being removed, Thomas said to the waiter. "We will
  wait a while before ordering dessert. Come back in 15 minutes. " A small, knowing
  smile flickered across the waiter's face, he nodded and left. 
   
"Sophie, time for your punishment. I want you to kneel under the table and take
my cock out of my trousers"   
She slid down and moved to kneel between
    Thomas's open knees. Unzipping and opening his fly she carefully removed
    his almost erect cock. As she held it she felt it stiffen in her hand and
    Thomas shifted in his chair.   
"Now, make me come before the waiter
    returns but be careful not to stain that lovely dress."   
She did what she had done so often before,
    tenderly stroking the hot flesh. As the beads of pre-cum formed she licked
    them away hearing Thomas's soft moans from above. She used her tongue and
    lips in such a way that he slumped down to receive her better. His hand held
    her head with his fingers tangled in her hair. After a few minutes he firmly
    pushed her head onto his rigid cock and she gagged audibly. She thought it
    was an accident and accepted his penis, sucking it lovingly. Again, unable
    to control his passion, he made her take the full length of his erection
    and jarred it into her throat, holding it there.   
She was unable to breath and struggled
    in his grip, tears streamed down her face from the gagging. Just as she felt
    she would faint he pulled away and exploded in her mouth, filling it with
    his warm cum. She swallowed frantically to prevent the cum from spilling
    out and staining her dress. The more she swallowed the more gushed in, her
    mouth was full. Then she saw Thomas's hand holding out a napkin for her.
    Gratefully she took it to help clean the cum. While she was kneeling there
    trying to keep things under control there was a tap at the door.   
"Come." Thomas called out and, to her
    horror, the waiter entered. At first he looked at the empty chair where she
    had been sitting then he gradually focused on her below the glass table.
    It took him a moment to realise what had transpired and he smiled weakly,
    blushing.   
"Are you ready to order dessert, sir?'
    he asked. 
   
"Yes, leave the menu and we'll take a look when the lady has collected herself." Thomas
answered coolly. Shaken and mortified, Sophie crawled from under the table as
the waiter retreated. 
   
  Her hair was wildly tousled from Thomas's hands and tears streaked her face.
  What she had thought was going to be a loving act had turned into an ordeal
  for her, which she lovingly accepted. Her throat ached where he had battered
  it but still she felt such love for him knowing it was his passion for her
  that had caused the roughness. The pleasant taste of his cum lingered on her
  lips.   
She tried to compose herself, taking
    the mirror and comb; she did what repairs she could. He watched her, apparently
    dispassionately, but inside he ached to hold her and apologise for his roughness
    with her. He had re-zipped his trousers and was hiding his discomfort by
    examining the dessert menu. Sophie took several sips of the, now flat, champagne
    to try and calm herself.  
   
"What would you like for dessert, Sophie?" he asked, not taking his eyes off
the menu 
   
  She cleared her sore throat and looked at her hands, folded in her lap. She
  had no idea where this weekend would take her but so far she felt she had been
  a disappointment to her lover. She thought that she had failed to become what
  Thomas wanted and she was beginning to doubt her ability also. 
   
"Would you order for me, Master?' she said woodenly. 
   
"Very well." He put the menu down and clapped once, loudly. The waiter appeared
looking nervously at Sophie but her eyes remained downcast. Thomas ordered profiteroles
and coffee for two. As an afterthought he added a brandy for himself. 
   
  The cream filled pastries were delicious and she ate in silence as Thomas told
  her what the evening held for them.   
"We will go downstairs to the ballroom.
    I believe you are an excellent dancer Sophie but, as you know, I do not enjoy
    it. You must accept any and all who invite you to partner them. Some may
    behave in a way that will shock you but you must show no emotion. I will
    be watching you at all times, do you understand?" Silently she nodded. 
   
  They finished the meal and Thomas carried his brandy snifter down stairs with
  him. As they reached the last step and stood in the wide entrance hall Sophie
  stopped.   
 "May I be excused, Master?" she asked,
    eyes lowered. "I would like to freshen up." 
   
"Very well." He sat in one of the plush armchairs scattered around the wall and
sipped his brandy. "You need to re-apply your make-up. Be quick, Sophie. I will
wait here"   
She hastened to the ladies room and,
    peeling off the long, red gloves, she stood in front of the mirror. Horrified
    at her ruined appearance she hurriedly splashed coldwater on her face to
    cool it. She combed out her tangled hair until it shone once more and applied
    the make-up carefully. When she was satisfied that she looked as she had
    back at the hotel she went out to join her lover. He rose as she approached
    and, taking her arm, he led her towards the music.   
    The
            submission of sophie (part 2)   
    (In
            chapter 1 ~ Thomas and Sophie started their weekend of exploration
            and discovery in the world of D/s.)   
         
        ~~~~~~~~~~~~II~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
         
        The dance floor was crowded with elegantly dressed people of all ages,
        some dancing on the sprung floor and others seated at tables around the
        perimeter of the floor. Thomas guided Sophie to a vacant table and pulled
        a chair out for her to sit. She hesitated, knowing that his permission
        might be needed but he nodded and she sat. The band had just finished
        playing a waltz and now struck up once more. Sophie watched the couples
        take their positions and hold it in the stiff, formal style of a tango
        that she loved so.   
      A distinguished looking older man,
          sixty perhaps, walked up to Sophie and bowed deeply. &quot;May I?&quot; Sophie
          turned to look at Thomas and he nodded curtly. Gracefully she rose
          and, taking the gentleman's proffered arm, walked on to the floor.  
         
        Sophie found he was a wonderful dancer; the sort who could make her feel
        as if she was floating on air. They glided easily across the floor, making
        an attractive couple. When the music stopped the gentleman escorted her
        back to the table, thanked her and bowed to Thomas. Sophie saw a knowing
        look pass between the two men and the older man nodded conspiratorially.   
      Now the orchestra was playing another
          waltz. Sophie's partner this time was a tall thin man in his twenties,
          he swept her on to the floor and they whirled around to the music.
          She felt breathless and intoxicated; perhaps the wine and champagne
          were finally kicking in. The tall man held her very close, pressed
          to his body; she could feel she aroused him. His hand was placed suggestively
          on her bottom. She wanted the dance to end, she wanted to go back to
          Thomas but she knew she had to obey him.  
         
        After her partner walked her back to Thomas's side she saw the same,
        almost imperceptible, nod. A third partner approached and she was whisked
        away. Again she was held too close and forced to feel her partner's hardened
        member. Then yet another claimed her for a fast foxtrot. This one murmured
        in her ear that he looked forward to &quot;seeing more&quot; of her in
        a leering voice that made her skin crawl.   
      Each foray on to the dance floor
          ended with Thomas being given that appreciative nod. Sophie's head
          was spinning. She longed to just sit by her lover and watch the dancers,
          so she was relieved when Thomas told the next prospective partner that
          she was going to sit that dance out. 
         
&quot;Well done, Sophie. You are a hit.&quot; He said proudly. &quot;I wanted
my friends to see what a jewel I have found.&quot;   
      Sophie smiled and blushed at this
          praise.   
      &quot;Now I want you to meet some
          important people.&quot; He stood and offered his hand.   
      As she rose, couples took the floor
          for a lively Charleston and they wove their way between the bobbing
          dancers. Thomas stopped at a table where Sophie's first partner of
          the evening, the older distinguished gentleman, sat with an attractive
          but stern-looking woman of 40 or so. .  
         
&quot;Sit, my dear.&quot; The older man stood and gestured to a chair, smiling
at her. &quot;You are a fine dancer and a beautiful girl.&quot; Once she was
seated he sat too. &quot;Thomas, you should be very proud.&quot; Thomas sat next
to Sophie and smiled modestly. 
         
&quot;Sophie is learning to be a true asset to me.&quot; He replied, &quot;She
has a long journey ahead but she is brave and strong.&quot; 
         
&quot;Strong willed?&quot; The woman asked quickly, looking sharply at Sophie. 
         
&quot;She is trying hard to bend that strength to use in a new way.&quot; Thomas
said, taking Sophie's hand. 
         
&quot;So...She has some resistance to you?&quot; The woman asked insistently. 
         
&quot;She has forgotten herself and misunderstood me once or twice.&quot; Sophie
felt Thomas squeeze her hand gently. Sensing that this woman was waiting to trip
her, Sophie tensed and waited. 
         
&quot;So, my dear&quot; the woman said in an overly sweet tone. &quot; You've
obviously captured our Thomas's heart.&quot; 
         
&quot;I simply want to please him.&quot; Sophie murmured, her head lowered..  
         
&quot;Oh, I'm sure you do that.&quot; The woman's sarcastic edge made Sophie
wince. 
         
&quot;So, are you ready to let us see what Sophie has learnt, Thomas?&quot; The
older man asked 
         
&quot;Yes, Jeremy. I willingly give her, she is yours for as long as you deem
necessary.&quot;   
      Sophie kept her eyes down but she
          could not believe what she was hearing. Was she Thomas's to be passed
          around like a marijuana joint? His words of that morning rang in her
          ears, he had asked her if she would obey him unconditionally and she
          had agreed.  
         
&quot;We will expect you at 9 tomorrow night. You know the rules ----&quot; Jeremy
was staring at Sophie as he spoke to Thomas and she felt a shiver of discomfort.
Thomas stood and motioned Sophie to join him. Obediently she stood, eyes lowered.  
         
        With Thomas once more at her side she started to feel less nervous. He
        took her elbow and, bowing to the older couple he turned away.   
      &quot;Can we go back to the hotel
          now, Thomas? - Please&quot; she whispered as they got out of earshot.   
      She had tried not to sound too
          desperate but she winced as she realised she had called him by his
          given name. He smiled and kissed her cheek to let her know it was fine
          now; suddenly she just wanted to be alone with him. Thomas slipped
          his arm protectively around her shoulders as they walked across the
          dance floor towards the lobby where their coats were.   
      He took the black cloak and draped
          it around her shoulders, then he buttoned him self into his overcoat.
          Outside, in the chilly wind, he hailed a cab and the two of them climbed
          inside. Once settled in the warm interior of the cab Sophie heaved
          a deep sigh and slumped down.   
      Laughing, Thomas looked down at
          her. &quot;Was it really that bad?&quot; he asked. 
         
&quot; Well, I am glad that's over.&quot; Sophie said from the depth of the cab
seat. &quot;But I have a feeling it's not the end --.&quot; She looked up at
Thomas. He took her hand, cool in his, and brought it to his lips. &quot;Tomorrow
we will both be tested, Sophie. I also will be under scrutiny.&quot; 
         
&quot;Why, Thomas? Why do you have to be tested?&quot; She asked trying to meet
his piercing gaze but he avoided her eyes. 
         
&quot;Jeremy and his lady, Amber, are the founders of an exclusive club and I
have been invited to join, it is a great honour. In order to be accepted I must
perform several deeds. I must present a sub that is acceptable to the members,
so far -- thanks to your presence this evening -- so good.&quot; She felt him
gently squeeze her hand and smiled.  
         
&quot;What will happen tomorrow night?&quot; Sophie asked moving to sit closer
to his warmth. 
         
&quot;I don't have a clue, but we will both be severely tried I think. You'll
have to be strong, Sophie, for us both.&quot; His arm wrapped her to him. For
a few minutes they travelled in silence then Sophie looked up into Thomas' face.   
      &quot;I love you so much. I would
          do anything for you - even die.&quot; Thomas let out a bark of laughter.   
      &quot;Good Lord, Sophie, it won't
          come to that!&quot; 
         
        At the hotel they stopped in the bar for a nightcap and, for one moment,
        Sophie felt a pang of disappointment when she saw the two men who had
        ogled her earlier were not there. After taking her cloak Thomas guided
        her to sit at a table and reached across to smooth some stray hair from
        Sophie's face.   
      &quot;I have never wanted you as
          much as I do right now.&quot; He said hoarsely.   
      She looked up at him quickly and
          saw his dark eyes on her; the longing and passion were there for all
          to see. She hardly tasted her martini and felt herself aroused in anticipation
          of the night to come.  
         
        Upstairs, in their suite, Thomas hung her cloak and his coat in the closet
        and turned to her where she stood in the centre of the room. She could
        feel his control as he walked slowly to her. With his hands on her shoulders
        he drew her to him and kissed her gently on the lips. She allowed him
        to penetrate with his tongue and moved closer so that the length of her
        body was against him. All at once she felt his arousal and dropped a
        hand to acknowledge it. He gave a sharp gasp at her touch and his hands
        slid down to the curve of her buttocks. Still their lips were joined
        in a long deep kiss.  
         
        He broke away from the kiss and scooped her up in his arms, carrying
        her to the bedroom. He laid her down with a kiss and turned away. She
        watched from the bed as he slowly disrobed until he was naked. He stood
        before her, a well-muscled, tall man with dark body hair and an impressive
        erection. She smiled and stretched a hand towards the gently bouncing
        member but he stepped away out of reach. She raised herself on one elbow
        and looked up at him questioningly.   
      &quot;No clothes please.&quot; 
         
        She laughed and jumped off the bed, quickly slipping off her dress and
        bra. He caught her around the waist as she started to undo her suspenders.   
      &quot;That'll do. I'll see to the
          rest.&quot; He said into her neck as he nuzzled her. 
         
        He allowed himself to sink to his knees in front of her, keeping his
        eyes on hers. His hands slid down her body, over her breasts making them
        spring away from his touch. They slid over her belly and hips to her
        thighs where they smoothly moved to the insides and indicated that she
        should part them.   
      Her skin felt cool and silken under
          his touch and she obligingly spread her legs for him. He pressed his
          cheek to her belly and inhaled her musky scent. It aroused him even
          more because it told him she wanted him. Sophie rested her hands on
          his dark hair, conscious of his breath on her and the growing dampness
          between her legs.   
      Thomas put a hand on her mons,
          cupping it. His other hand cupped her buttock. He allowed his thumb
          to explore the slippery interior of her, dividing the lips, seeking
          her clitoris. When he found it her legs gave away a little and she
          drew in a &quot;hiss&quot; of breath. Holding his head more firmly
          she spread her legs wider, inviting him.   
      He pressed her back gently so that
          she fell on the bed with her feet still on the floor and Thomas moved
          between her bent knees. He buried his face in her, he wanted to bite
          the sweet, soft skin and she rose to him. His tongue snaked into her,
          over her, and electricity shot through her as he manipulated her sensitive
          spots expertly. He took her legs at the knees and brought them up so
          that her stockinged feet rested on his shoulders. She was open to his
          mouth and he devoured her hungrily. She could feel his teeth gently
          teasing her clitoris and arched her back in response. He raised his
          eyes to look at her face. Her eyes were closed in ecstasy and her hands
          held his head tenderly. When his warm mouth left her she opened her
          eyes and he settled back on his haunches.   
      &quot;Do you want me, Sophie?&quot; He
          asked softly. 
         
&quot;Yes Thomas! I do want you. Now!&quot; Her voice sounded strangely strangled.   
      Still he held back, one hand resting
          on her thigh the other stroking his erection, he was watching her face.
          She tried to sit but he pressed her back. The scent of her rose to
          him, hot and spicy and his penis grew in his hand.   
      &quot;Please ---.&quot; She whimpered.   
      She looked down the length of her
          own body to where he crouched. She saw her breasts with the nipples
          painfully erect. Past them her flat belly rose and fell with each breath.
          Beyond that the low mound of her trimmed mons and her open, waiting
          thighs.   
      Thomas' hand was now moving faster
          as he stroked himself with more urgency. She felt the bed shaking and
          heard his breath deepen and speed up. With a low moan he came and she
          felt the warm splatter of cum on her belly and breasts. She had been
          aching for him and he had denied her his gift of life - wasted it on
          her skin. She closed her eyes and turned her head away as he stood
          up.   
      &quot;Look at me, Sophie.&quot; He
          said sternly and she did but her eyes were hurt and accusing. &quot;What?&quot; He
          asked, knowing that she was mortified at his actions. 
         
&quot;I don't understand...&quot; Her eyes were brimming with tears. &quot;You
knew I wanted you. Why deny me? Who are you now, Thomas my lover or my Master
and punisher?&quot; 
         
&quot;Both - and I did it because I wanted to do ---- this!&quot; And he dove
between her open legs, his mouth devouring her once more. His teeth teased the
puffy pink lips, slippery from her arousal. He tasted her saltiness, her sweetness.
He inhaled her honey-scent. His tongue burrowed in and found the nub of her clitoris,
she arched and moaned desperately.   
      Sophie felt the start of her climax
          as Thomas lapped and sucked at her, his fingers penetrating the warm
          moisture of her vagina. He looked up at her and saw her eyes were closed,
          her hands clasped at her breasts, squeezing them together. Swiftly
          he slid two cum soaked fingers between her cheeks then into her bud
          and she gave a little cry of pain. Thomas realised he was the first
          to be there and felt a surge of love for Sophie. 
         
        He continued to manipulate her with his tongue, his teeth, and his fingers.
        She was crying out continually and writhing in ecstasy. As she started
        to peak and her climax seemed imminent Thomas withdrew his fingers and
        took her hands in his. She groaned as she felt his mouth and fingers
        stop their magic and her growing climax fade.   
      Thomas drew her hands out away
          from her breasts and to the side. Sophie lay as if crucified under
          Thomas. He looked down at her face; damp with perspiration and, with
          a growl he drove hard into her. Her breath was driven out in a grunt
          and she felt him fill her. He moved languorously at first, rising right
          off her in a series of push-ups. The effort made him shake and the
          tension heightened the sensations of his arousal. Sophie lay passively
          beneath him, her eyes wary and veiled. Thomas knew she felt hurt and
          betrayed by him but also knew he had to teach her trust and to allow
          him to lead, to possess her.  
         
        In spite of her anger and disappointment at Thomas' actions, Sophie felt
        the increasing pressure of her climax building in her. She could not
        deny Thomas her love or desire;  In
        fact,   she thought,  He
        owns me, body and soul  .   
      Thomas increased his thrusts, speeding
          up and dropping down to cover her body with his. He used his hips to
          rise and thrust into Sophie and she opened to him. He recognised her
          softening by the subtle change in her body as she accepted him. He
          allowed her arms to wrap him and she moaned his name softly into his
          ear. He knew she would come soon and it made his orgasm approach faster.
          The fine pulses starting to flutter along his cock and her tightening
          grip were the first stage.   
      Next the soft grip of her flesh
          around him grew intense, almost squeezing him. He felt drawn in to
          her, waves of muscles pulsed around him and he exploded into her. For
          what seemed like half an hour, she pulsed and squeezed around him heightening
          and prolonging his climax. He groaned loudly as she arched taking him
          deeper unto her and then fell, back limp beneath him, exhausted.   
      He lay above her, taking his weight
          on his elbows. Beneath him, her face was a peaceful, with eyes closed,
          expressionless. He leant down and kissed her closed eyes.   
      &quot;Are you alright, Sophie?&quot; He
          whispered. Her eyes fluttered open and she smiled.   
      &quot;Oh yes, Thomas...I mean Master.&quot; And
          they both laughed as Thomas rolled off her and moved to hold her.   
      She turned her back and he formed
          his body to hers feeling her accommodate his member between her thighs.   
      &quot;Get some sleep, my love.
          Tomorrow you will need to be rested.&quot; At his words she felt a
          thrill of apprehension. What would this &quot;club&quot; be like and
          what would she be expected to do to be accepted by Thomas' friends,
          she wondered as she drifted off into a deep sleep cradled in her lover's
          arms.   
      ~~~~~~88~~~~~~ 
          
      The dawn was clear and sunny and
          Sophie stretched her body along the sleeping torso of her new master.
          He stirred and smiled as he realised what had woken him. Rolling to
          face, her he kissed her.   
      &quot; 'Morning little sub.&quot; He
          grinned. She kissed him back lightly and threw the covers back leaving
          them both exposed to the chilly, morning air. 
         
&quot;Hey! That's not a very nice thing to do to your Master, is it?&quot; He
asked in mock indignation.   
      She gave a little laugh and left
          him lying there. She had been nervous, taking that liberty, because
          she was still unsure of where the boundaries were for her behaviour
          as Thomas' sub. She was relieved he had taken it lightly and went for
          her shower, humming to herself. Thomas lay back, having retrieved the
          covers, and listened to the sound of Sophie in the shower. His thoughts
          wandered to the previous night, his triumphant presentation of Sophie
          as his sub and the way those occurrences had heightened their love
          making afterwards.   
      He knew he could teach her great
          skills, bend her will to his so that she willingly gave of herself
          to - and for him. It excited him to think of the sensation she would
          create at the club that night and yet he also had a slight feeling
          of concern for himself. Would he be able to present the front expected
          of him? What tasks or problems would he and Sophie face? His acquaintance
          with Jeremy and Amber had taught him that weakness was not tolerated
          by either of them.   
      He did not really understand why
          joining this exclusive club meant so much to him but for the present
          it consumed him. Nothing seemed more important than being accepted
          into the inner sanctum of this group. For once he was not solely responsible
          for the outcome of his actions, he had to rely on Sophie now and he
          was not used to depending on another. He could hear her singing as
          she showered. Could this slip of a girl help him achieve this goal,
          he wondered. She was certainly learning fast but she had made several
          blunders, Thomas knew that if she made any mistakes or showed weakness
          later that night at Jeremy's they would both be rejected. 
         
        He sat up as Sophie emerged from the bathroom, a towel around her waist
        and another in a turban on her head. She smiled impishly at him and sat
        on the bed. &quot; Your turn...&quot; 
         
&quot;Right, I won't be long. Then we can go out and get some breakfast.&quot;   
      He disappeared into the bathroom.
          Sophie looked at the crumpled, discarded dress she had looked so ravishing
          in the night before. The elbow length gloves lay with the little evening
          bag on the bedside table. She idly picked up the bag and opened it.
          To her surprise there was a small envelope in side that hadn't been
          there before.   
      Looking at the closed bathroom
          door she sat on the bed and opened the envelope, smiling to herself.
          What new surprise had Thomas arranged? Inside was a small card with
          a picture of a black rose on the front. The words in the card were
          simple and sent a chill through Sophie. &quot;  You
          will fail  tonight,
          little bitch, and shame Thomas for ever  .&quot; It
          was unsigned and the script was neat and feminine looking. Folding
          the cards back into the envelope she wondered what she should do now.
          Who had sent this poisonous note to upset her? Should she tell Thomas
          and risk setting him up for failure? She slipped the envelope back
          into her purse and pushed it away.  
         
        When Thomas emerged from his shower she still was not dressed. He saw,
        from her face, something had shaken her. &quot;What is it, Sophie?&quot; He
        asked, towelling his hair. 
         
&quot;Nothing, I was just thinking about tonight.&quot; She said, thinking quickly. &quot;What
shall I wear? I don't have a clue if it is a &quot;dressy&quot; do or casual.&quot; 
         
&quot;You don't have to concern yourself with that. It will all be arranged for
us. Now --. Breakfast?&quot;   
      Sophie hurried to ready herself
          to go out with her lover. She wore a cream silk shirt with a pair of
          bootleg jeans over ankle boots and shrugged on her winter jacket. Her
          hair was loosely tied back in a ponytail and her face clean of make-up.
          To Thomas she looked like perfection and his heart swelled with pride
          when he saw her turning heads on the street as they walked to the coffee
          shop. 
         
        All that day Sophie worried about the night ahead. She was still not
        sure quite how to behave with Thomas. They had been acquaintances, friends
        first, meeting through a mutual friend. Then, in a matter of weeks, they
        became lovers. Their intimacy was complete, she thought, until Thomas
        told her about D/s. He had said it would increase her pleasure to give
        away her control in their lovemaking.   
      Sometimes, when the mood took him,
          he was quite violent in their lovemaking, but always acutely aware
          of her. So far she had not had to stop Thomas because he watched her
          reactions carefully. Sophie found the times when Thomas seemed almost
          out of control and violent both exciting and arousing.   
      The day seemed to crawl by. They
          both tried to keep busy, never mentioning the evening to come but,
          always, the subject hung in the air. If Thomas was nervous he hid it
          well making Sophie more acutely aware of her own jitters. As the time
          came to get ready they showered but, at Thomas' insistence, Sophie
          remained undressed. She stood, wrapped in her terry robe wondering
          what clothing he would produce for her but when he went to the cupboard
          all he produced was the black velvet cloak. He also had a heavy cloak
          reaching to the floor. On their feet they wore flat mule-style sandals.   
   
 
Sophie accepted the peculiar choice
    dress and was strangely aroused, naked under her cloak. Thomas took Sophie
    by the shoulders and looked into her eyes.   
&quot;You look stunning as usual, my
    love.&quot; He smiled. &quot;Are you ready?&quot; 
   
&quot;As ready as I'll ever be.&quot; She whispered, then &quot;Thomas, I am
so nervous!&quot; 
   
&quot;Don't be, you surpassed my greatest hopes last night. Just trust yourself,
trust me. We will both be fine.&quot; He gave a small smile. &quot;I hope.&quot; He
added. 
   
  A limousine waited downstairs for them, it's engine purring seductively. They
  settled back into the luxurious seats and tried to relax. The journey to Jeremy
  and Amber's home was through open country, along narrow, dark tree lined lanes.
  The moon was rising, almost full, adding drama to an already tense evening.   
&quot;As soon as we enter the house
    you and I are Master and sub, Sophie. Remember that.&quot; Said Thomas squeezing
    her hand and Sophie felt a thrill of anticipation. 
   
  The limo pulled through the gate onto the curving driveway of a large rambling
  mansion and stopped at the steps to an ornately carved door. It swung open
  as the two stepped from the motor and a couple stood there, a tall man in a
  black fitted costume and a beautiful brunette in a similar cloak to Sophie's.
  The two striking looking people graciously welcomed them in.   
Once inside they were separated and
    Sophie looked back over her shoulder as Thomas was ushered away up a flight
    of broad stairs by the woman, her hand lightly on his shoulder. The man took
    Sophie's elbow and guided her to a doorway. Not a. word was spoken and Sophie's
    started to feel really worried, she wondered why they had been separated,
    she hadn't expected that. Without Thomas she felt vulnerable and afraid. 
   
  The room she entered was a dressing room; several other women of varied ages
  and sizes were repairing make-up and brushing out their hair. When she turned
  back, Sophie saw her escort had vanished.   
In the distance a loud gong sounded
    and the women looked at one another, smiling. Almost as one, they dropped
    their cloaks and stood naked. Sophie hesitating for a second and the women
    stared at her so she followed suit. They filed out and walked to the foot
    of the broad stairs that Thomas had disappeared up. At the top stood Jeremy
    with Thomas by his side, both in loose robes that hung open at the front
    revealing tantalizing glimpses of the two fit and trim bodies, one young
    and buff the other older but still muscled and attractive. 
   
&quot;Welcome, ladies!&quot; called Jeremy. &quot;Amber awaits you in the great
hall. Thomas and I will meet you all there in a few minutes. Please show Sophie
the way.&quot; 
   
  The group of women turned away from Jeremy and Sophie felt many hands hustle
  her forward. They entered a great hall with an enormous fireplace containing
  a roaring fire. The lighting was dim so the flames of the fire made flickering
  shadows on the high ceiling and the people standing around could be seen as
  giant shadow-versions of them selves on the walls around the room. There was
  a low murmur of voices as people greeted each other and Sophie could feel an
  undercurrent of excitement.   
At one end, on a small raised dais,
    sat Amber. She looked very different from the way she had looked at the dance
    when she had made Sophie feel so uncomfortable. Her hair was pulled back
    severely and she was dressed totally in black leather. She stood and slapped
    a crop against her leather-clad thigh, making a loud crack. The room was
    instantly silent and all heads turned her way. 
   
&quot;Gentlemen. Ladies. Doms and subs. W/we are gathered here to witness the
raising of Thomas Hillington to the status of Master. He has been exemplary so
far, meeting all criteria. Tonight is his final trial and we are here to bear
witness to his success...&quot; Here she paused looking around. Her eyes fell
on Sophie and she continues. &quot;...Or failure.&quot; 
   
  As she finished speaking a small group of men, all dressed alike in the loose
  open robes, walked in. In the centre of the group was Thomas, Sophie couldn't
  catch his eye and felt even more alone. 
   
&quot;Sophie?&quot; Jeremy called out casting his gaze over the gathering. &quot;Come
forward, please.&quot;   
Timidly and painfully aware of her nakedness,
    Sophie moved forward until she stood apart from the others. 
   
&quot;Good. Now you will show us that you are obedient to Thomas...and so, to
us all.&quot;   
He directed her to a low bed being wheeled
    to the centre of the room and she sat on the edge looking vulnerable and
    a little pathetic. From his position in the crowd, Thomas watched her; he
    knew she was frightened and feeling alone. He longed to go to her, reassure
    her, but he knew that it would be perceive as weakness on both their parts. 
   
  Sophie was made to lie on the bed and two women took her wrists and ankles,
  tying them so that she was spread-eagle and exposed to all. She was choking
  back tears; this was worse than she had expected, but she knew that to help
  Thomas she had to play her part well. She lay looking around at the blur of
  faces until; suddenly Jeremy's face loomed over hers. He was not smiling.   
Sophie closed her eyes, she had seen
    the enormous size of Jeremy's erection and knew it was for her.   
The Submission of sophie (part 3)   
The air was crackling with silence.
    Sophie focused her eyes on the gathered people. None of the faces were sympathetic
    or familiar to her and a wave of desperate loneliness washed through her.
    Jeremy stood back, his loose robe closing over his hard member. In his place
    Amber's cold face appeared and Sophie's heart sank as the hostile grey eyes
    swept over her nakedness. The leather costume was gone and she was splendidly
    naked, her athlete's body denying her age.  
   
&quot;You certainly have a lovely figure, Sophie.&quot; Amber said. &quot; Let's
see what we can do with it.&quot;  
   
  And she knelt between Sophie's spread thighs. Her smooth tanned ass was high
  in the air as she drew closer to her target. The men standing behind her feasted
  on the vision she offered, their hands working furiously. 
   
  The feeling of Amber's breath on her skin made Sophie squirm and struggle.
  She had never been with a woman and the idea did not appeal to her, particularly
  as this woman obviously disliked her.  
   
&quot;Lay still you little idiot!&quot; Snapped Amber, giving her a sharp slap
on the leg. &quot;That sort of behaviour won't help!&quot;   
Before she finished berating Sophie,
    Amber's words were muffled as her mouth covered Sophie's pussy. She drew
    the soft, wet lips in, playing with them, biting and chewing lightly. Sophie
    moaned in spite of herself and then jumped as Amber's tongue found her clit.  
   
  There was a murmur of approval at Sophie's reaction and it spurred Amber on.
  She grasped Sophie's hips and buried her face between the spread legs. Sophie
  could feel Amber's tongue explore deeper and deeper and her fingers digging
  into the soft flesh of her thighs. Suddenly Amber changed tactics and started
  lapping with her tongue at Sophie's clit. The rhythmic motion brought Sophie
  closer and closer to climax. A finger found her bud and opened it, none too
  gently, Sophie cried out in pain and fear.  
   
&quot;Stop that mewling you little slut!&quot; spat Amber looking up from her
position between Sophie's legs.   
Her face was wet with saliva and Sophie's
    juices. The sound of Amber's voice brought Sophie back from her pre-climatic
    state and she closed her eyes, remembering that so many people were watching
    her. She also remembered that her performance and reaction would reflect
    on Thomas. She tried to relax again and her climax grew once more as Amber
    resumed her licking and nibbling. 
   
  From the outer edge of the crowd, Thomas watched as Sophie's tight body responded
  to Amber's mouth. The sight of the two naked women, both so familiar to him,
  was very arousing. He began a slow stroke of his engorged cock as he watched.   
He remembered Amber as she had been
    when she had taken his virginity, had taught him the skills he then used
    so well to pleasure other women. Always, however, he had returned to Amber's
    bed until he found Sophie and, he was sure, real love. He felt guilty and
    a surge of love as he watched Sophie reacting with pleasure to Amber's ministrations
    knowing she would also feel vulnerable and humiliated.   
In spite of herself Sophie started to
    climax, arching her back and sobbing. Amber drew out the orgasm expertly
    so that Sophie cried out, pleading, until she was allowed to peak with a
    scream of pleasure. Amber sat back on her heels with a satisfied smile.   
&quot;There, it feels good when an expert
    handles you, doesn't it?&quot; She laughed, looking down coldly at the spent
    form on the bed.  
   
  Sophie, still groggy from her orgasm, felt hands untying her legs. Jeremy appeared
  in her narrow field of vision. He leaned down until she could feel his breath
  as he whispered.   
&quot;How are you, sweet Sophie? Surviving
    so far?&quot; 
   
&quot;May I get up?&quot; Sophie pleaded, glad that it was over.  
   
&quot;Yes, yes, by all means! The best is yet to come.&quot; He said as he released
her wrists and helping her to sit. Sophie's heart sank; she sat up rubbing herself
where the ties had cut into her flesh.  
   
&quot;We recently acquired a new devise and we have decided to take advantage
of this occasion to demonstrate it for the members.&quot; Jeremy said helping
Sophie to sit up.  
   
  She searched the faces for Thomas but, when he had seen her sitting up, he
  had stepped back behind the others to hide from her eyes. The gathered crowd
  had drawn closer and now Sophie recognised some of the men from her time in
  the ballroom. Many of the male members continued to masturbate or receive oral
  sex from the females having started while Amber was working on Sophie. Sophie
  saw a circle of hands stroking rigid cocks and swallowed nervously.  
   
  Jeremy was helping her off the bed, she was still shaky and he held her around
  her naked waist. He led her towards a strange looking contraption. To Sophie
  it looked like a cross between a child's swing set and a hammock.  
   
&quot;Here, let me help you, Sophie.&quot; Said Jeremy.  
   
  He lowered a canvas hammock and indicated that she lie back in it. Nervously,
  Sophie obeyed and found that it accommodated her shoulders and back but, in
  order to keep her feet off the floor, she had to place them in stirrups on
  either side of the hammock. This forced her knees wide open in a most suggestive
  way and she felt the air cool the dampness that the position revealed.  
   
  Watching her get settled, Jeremy seemed impatient. His erection was back to
  its former glory and he unconsciously stroked it. Once her heels were secured
  in the stirrups, two women took her hands and held them out away from her sides.
  They cuffed them to rings in the frame so that Sophie was totally helpless.
  The sling was adjusted to allow Jeremy to approach her open legs; her swollen,
  exposed sex was at the height of Jeremy's hips.  
   
  Somewhere, music started and Jeremy dropped his robe to the floor. His hand
  explored Sophie where Amber had moistened her and where she was dripping from
  arousal, his fingers probing and opening her. Satisfied she was ready he placed
  the tip of his rigid cock at the entrance.  
   
&quot; Are you ready, Sophie?&quot; He asked above the swelling music.  
   
  She tried to speak but couldn't so she nodded. At that Jeremy pressed into
  her and she felt the hardness open her, stretching her. She gave a cry &ndash; part
  pain, part pleasure. 
   
&quot;Now, my dear, as an added thrill we are going to use a switch on you. Thomas
has told me that he has already initiated you to the sting of the whip so it
should not be so strange for you. Are you ready?&quot;  
   
  Before Sophie could answer she felt a sharp, stinging pain on her buttocks.
  She didn't cry out and was concentrating on the slow rhythm of Jeremy's cock
  as it glided in and out. The motion set the sling swinging gently. As he moved
  in her Jeremy caressed her clit in a way that sent waves of pleasure coursing
  through her. Just as she felt a climax start to build another, sharper, strike
  of the whip made her cry out. She wasn't able to see who wielded the whip but
  thought it must be Amber. In fact it was Thomas who had been ordered by Jeremy
  to comply. 
   
  Thomas remembered their time back in the hotel room when he had used a switch
  on Sophie's flesh. He had been very aroused by it and, after getting acclimatized,
  so had Sophie. However, he had used the switch as punishment and now he felt
  her humiliation was punishment enough. He was conscious of Jeremy watching
  him with his hooded eyes and knew he should be hitting Sophie with more conviction.
  Did she know it was he who held the whip, he wondered. He gave her reddening
  cheeks several sharp slashes so that Sophie cried out.  
   
  The cry could have been from the whipping or from Jeremy's increasingly violent
  thrusts into her. Above the music the whip's crack sounded like gun shot and
  in the pauses between the beatings came the wet slap of Jeremy's rhythmical
  fucking, in and out. Sophie whimpered with pain and arousal.   
Suddenly, with a nod from Jeremy, Thomas
    dropped the switch and walked round to where Sophie's tousled head lay. He
    cradled it tenderly as Jeremy's rocked her. With Thomas holding her she exploded
    into an orgasm, the apparatus rattling and shaking as she shuddered with
    its intensity. 
   
  Her relief at seeing Thomas was what allowed Sophie the release of a climax
  and, as she did, Jeremy also came. He gave a loud growl and one last lunge
  into Sophie's overflowing pussy. Buried deep in her, he bent over her form
  and sank his teeth into her breast. Thomas saw the teeth bite into the tender
  flesh and watched the tears spring from Sophie's eyes. He resisted the urge
  to hit Jeremy and stop the torture. He was torn between his admiration and
  adulation for the older Dom, his teacher, and his love for Sophie.  
   
  With visible teeth marks around one nipple and both breasts heaving with her
  sobs, Sophie lay hoping this was the end of her ordeal. Thomas did his best
  to sooth her until Amber led him aside and he had to follow reluctantly. Standing
  with Thomas, Amber made sure Sophie was watching as the two of them kissed
  deeply.  
   
  After the kiss she looked back at Sophie, smiled and said. &quot; You can tell
  we've done this before, can't you?&quot;  
   
  As she spoke she held Thomas' erection in her hand, stroking the length of
  it. Sophie struggled, more humiliated than she thought possible.  
   
&quot;You do know, Sophie, that a sub must share her Dom?&quot; sneered Amber
rubbing her free hand lazily over Thomas' chest hair. 
   
  Thomas was aware of Amber's taunting but her hands seemed to enchant him, immobilize
  him. He gave a deep moan of pleasure as she took his control away and, around
  him, others reached the point of no return. Moans and gasps filled the room
  as climax after climax was reached. Amber was on her knees on front of Thomas,
  her mouth accepting his hard cock. He couldn't look at Sophie and, although
  she desperately wanted to, she couldn't stop watching the two naked bodies.
  Her lover's body, tanned and lean, bent over the voluptuous form of Amber.  
   
  Thomas' hands held Ambers head, his fingers enmeshed in her dark hair and he
  thrust deep into her willing mouth. Before Thomas could come Amber stood and
  led him to where Sophie lay quietly crying. She manipulated him until he spilt
  his cum over Sophie. The first shot hit her face and Amber let out a sharp,
  humourless laugh as she pumped him, the second and third fell on her breasts.
  Again and again he spent the white liquid on his love. As the warm cum cooled
  on her skin Sophie's eyes met his and she saw the helpless regret, the sorrow
  there. She felt his love for her; it was so strong that, through all her degradation,
  she knew, without a doubt, he loved her. 
   
&quot;Enough!&quot; Thomas suddenly shouted. &quot;Sophie has endured enough!&quot; 
   
&quot;My, my, Thomas.&quot; Cooed Amber, her hands still caressing his body. &quot;You
do know you're in danger of forfeiting your future here?&quot; Thomas brushed
her hands away and, for the first time, she seemed hurt, vulnerable. She turned
to where a group of well-muscled men stood grouped together fondling a nubile
young blonde.  
   
&quot; Hold him!&quot; She demanded and they immediately obeyed. With his arms
pinned by a man on either side, Thomas was helpless.  
   
  Sophie strained to watch what was happening to her lover. He looked back at
  her in desperation, realising that he had brought them both to this.  
   
&quot; I think it's time to really show what this toy can do.&quot; Said Amber. &quot; You,
you and --- you!&quot; She snapped, pointing at three of the better-endowed men
in the crowd. &quot; Fuck her! Use any entrance you like. She's yours to do with
as you please.&quot;  
   
  Sophie gasped as Amber suddenly adjusted the swing so that she was tipped back,
  her head - unsupported - hung back. Padded benches were arranged below her
  for the men to lie or sit on. One of the men, Sophie recognised him as the
  dancer who had whispered in her ear, took his rigid cock in one hand and forced
  her mouth open with the other. Her head was upside down and as he entered her
  mouth his balls hit her nose. She felt him press to the back of her throat
  and pass through, making her cough and struggle to breathe.  
   
&quot;Stop wriggling you little worm!&quot; Spat Amber and she gave Sophie a
slash across her breast with the whip. Sophie was hardly conscious of the pain
because the other two men were spreading her buttocks and she felt cool oil trickle
down. One man sat, his legs stretched below her and drove his cock into her pussy.
She was so slick that the tip slid down her lips and lodged against her bud.  
   
&quot;Oh God! Please don't!&quot; She shouted as the cock in her mouth was withdrawn
for a second but she felt him pressing in anyway, his hands gripping her.   
This was the first time she had been
    entered there by anything other than a finger and the pain was frightful,
    she screamed in agony. Thomas struggled futilely between his captors and
    shouted to her to use the &quot;safe word&quot;. Amber, smiling bitterly
    to herself, watched all this. It was so satisfying to see the little bitch
    being given her just desserts. Maybe Thomas would see how weak the girl was
    and realise his mistake. Sophie would live to regret stealing her Thomas
    away. 
   
  The third man arranged himself astride the seated one who was still fucking
  Sophie's ass and thrust his cock into her cunt. The pressure of two huge cocks
  in her at once made her feel she was being torn in two. To the rest of the
  gathering they seemed one body with many arms and legs. The sound of their
  grunts and growls and Sophie's gagged crying filled the room. The ass-fucker
  held cunt-fucker by the hips as he slid in and out, the two of them finding
  a rhythm. Mouth-fucker started to cum and Amber approached the group once more.  
   
&quot; Swallow it all, little bitch or I'll flog you!&quot; She spat. 
   
   
   
  Sophie felt the cock in her mouth swell and pulse as her mouth filled with
  cum. She tried hard to swallow but, to her horror, she felt it spill out. She
  looked up at Amber, pleading with her eyes, her mouth still full of the spurting
  cock. As the sated mouth-fucker removed his glistening cock from her mouth,
  Sophie cried bitterly. 
   
  Thomas begged Jeremy to put a stop to the torture but he simply said. &quot;She
  must use the safe word the two of you have chosen. She has not done this and
  I admire her tenacity.&quot;  
   
  Jeremy's words seemed to enrage Amber and, snarling, she slashed at Sophie
  with a wooden paddle. The skin on Sophie's wrists had broken from her struggles
  and blood ran on her arms.  
   
&quot;Use your safe word, Sophie!&quot; Pleaded Thomas.  
   
  In a fog of pain, Sophie heard his voice but she wanted so much to prove to
  him she was strong. She knew how much he had longed to be accepted by these
  people and if this was what it took to prove her love for him she would accept
  it.   
Amber was beating her so thoroughly
    that people started to murmur and even Jeremy stepped forward. He was stopped
    in his tracks by a look from Amber. The merciless beating continued on Sophie's
    legs and back. She seemed barely conscious and the observers started to voice
    their concern.  
   
  Silently Thomas appealed to his captors and - one by one - they let him go.
  He leapt forward and struck Amber with a hard tackle. As she sprawled inelegantly
  on the floor he fumbled with Sophie's ties. Both of them were weeping and the
  crowd was hushed. No one moved to stop Thomas and Amber, kneeling where she
  had fallen, screamed.  
   
&quot; You're finished Thomas. You will never make a Dom. Weakness will not be
tolerated!&quot; Spittle frothed on her lips and she scrambled to her feet. &quot; Please,
Thomas. We both know how much you want to be one of us.&quot;  
   
  She staggered desperately towards him as he finally managed to release his
  love. He scooped Sophie up in his arms; her legs would not carry her. Jeremy
  approached the hysterical Amber only to be brushed aside.  
   
&quot;You love  me  ,
Thomas. Do the times we made love mean nothing?&quot; She screamed. 
   
  Slowly, it seemed  so   slow,
  Thomas turned towards the group. He stood cradling his love. For a few seconds
  there was no sound in the room except for Sophie's gentle weeping and then
  Thomas spoke.  
   
&quot;How have I been so blind as to want to join you? Nothing is worth what
you have put Sophie through. I love her more than life, and you --&quot; He focused
on Amber. &quot;--You vicious witch. If I ever felt anything for you how could
you think I care for you now? You have been cruelly beating Sophie out of sheer
jealousy.&quot; He gently adjusted his hold on Sophie and turned to go. 
   
&quot;Thomas!&quot; Cried Amber. &quot;You're throwing away years of training
and effort! What about the lifestyle we talked about, you, Jeremy and I?&quot; 
   
&quot;Sophie and I can follow the &quot;life-style&quot; with out any of you.
I want her to trust me, although Heaven knows if she ever will after what I introduced
her to here.&quot; 
   
&quot;But I love you!&quot; said Amber, her voice shaking. She took a couple
of faltering steps towards him. 
   
&quot;You don't love me, Amber. I was just another conquest for you. You simply
couldn't bear to see me happy with Sophie.&quot; 
   
&quot;You ungrateful bastard!&quot; She spat at him and Jeremy, standing behind
her, silently gestured at Thomas to go. 
   
   
   
   
   
  Safely back in the hotel suite, Thomas laid Sophie, still in her cloak, gently
  on the bed. Her skin burned from the whip and paddle and she whimper with the
  pain. She was bruised inside, humiliated and shaken but her spirit was still
  strong. As Thomas straightened up to leave she caught his hand in hers.  
   
&quot;Don't go, please. Don't leave me.&quot; 
   
  He sat on the edge of the bed, her hand in both of his. He lifted it to his
  lips and held it there.  
   
&quot;I'll stay with you as long a you want, Sophie. I adore you. I will never
forgive myself for the pain I've caused you.&quot; 
   
&quot;I love you so, Thomas. It was my choice to take the punishment. I did it
because I love you.&quot; He kissed her and gently opened the cloak as he did.
Her breasts were taut with desire under his hand and he knew they were destined
to fuck that night. 
   
&quot;I want you. Want to possess you so badly, but your poor back ---- &quot; She
rolled to him, the cloak falling away. The pain of the bedding rubbing on her
flayed skin was awful but her desire for Thomas was stronger. 
   
&quot;There is something I want to give you, something I want you to take. I
have thought about it and decided I want this.&quot; He was puzzled at first
...... what was it she had that he did not already possess? Then he suddenly
realised she was offering to be taken anally.  
   
  He slowly raised his eyes to hers and took her hand in his again. 
   
&quot;Are you sure, my love? I know what a treasured gift it is you are offering
me. As your Dom, I am humbled. As your lover I am excited - thrilled!&quot;  
   
  Sophie smiled and nodded towards Thomas' erection that protruded through the
  cloak folds. &quot;I see that.&quot; She said kissing his hand. 
   
  They kissed tenderly at first then grew more and more passionate until Thomas
  said urgently.  
   
&quot;Sophie, move to the edge of the bed. If you can lie over the edge, kneeling
at the bed it will be less friction on your back.&quot;  
   
  She shifted to the edge and he stood by her, watching lovingly. Once she was
  kneeling at the bed, her upper body lying on it, Thomas positioned himself
  behind her. He looked down at the flushed skin and stripes still apparent on
  her back and legs. He reached toward the bedside table where the tube he had
  carried in his case now lay. It was salve intended for the wax burns Sophie
  might have received; now he would use it to soothe her stripes.  
   
  He squeezed a quantity on to his hand and gently spread it over her back. He
  stroked down over her red buttocks and allowed his fingers to travel between
  her cheeks. He added extra lotion and returned to her ass; as he touched her
  bud she rose to his fingers.  
   
&quot;Oh Sophie! I want you!&quot; He moaned kissing her shoulder. 
   
  She raised her head from the bed and strained to look back at him. &quot;Please,
  Thomas. Now, do it now.&quot; 
   
  He spread her pink, warm cheeks and saw her bud. He knew he was not the first
  to take her there, but he was the first to be offered it willingly. Almost
  reverently he   
bent to kiss the rosy, puckered bud
    and she moaned as he probed gently with his tongue. 
   
&quot;Now, Sophie?' He asked, still not sure she was really going to do this. 
   
&quot;Yes! Yes! Now, please!&quot; Her voice came to him strained and choking.   
He took his aching, throbbing cock and
    placed the tip where the salve lay thick between her buttocks. So ready for
    him was she that he was inside her without a murmur from her. He watched
    the hard, veined shaft disappear into her straining bud and was filled with
    complete love for Sophie as she lay before him.  
   
  She was concentrating on the sensation of his familiar cock moving in an unfamiliar
  place. He hadn't hurt her at all although the memory of the earlier invasion
  flashed to her and she firmly pushed it aside. Slowly Thomas rocked behind
  her still marvelling at the wonderful sensation of being in Sophie's ass, he
  watched her skin start to glow with an even redness so that the marks from
  the beating disappeared.  
   
&quot;Sophie, if only you could see this too.&quot; He said, his voice hoarse
with emotion. &quot;We are joined in the most intimate way. You have given me
a gift I shall treasure always.&quot; Below him, Sophie smiled.  
   
&quot;It's yours to use as and when you choose.&quot; Then, after a pause, she
added. &quot;Master.&quot; 
   
  Thomas smiled, he knew he was close to reaching a climax and reached below
  Sophie to caress her clit. That was all it took to bring her to an orgasm and,
  as Thomas watched, her bud seemed to open then tighten on him almost painfully.
  He let out an animalistic growl and drove into Sophie, forcing the air out
  of her with a grunt. Together they came, her body shuddering under him and
  he, with his head thrown back, feeling the wonder of her body.  
   
  Afterwards they lay together, she had almost forgotten the nightmare of earlier.
  He cradled her tenderly. It seemed an age since they had started this weekend
  break together. Ahead lay a lifetime of loving and learning together, each
  knowing the other was a soul mate.   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  chloe


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





