BDSM Library - The Calculus Tutorial




The Calculus Tutorial
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A liberal arts co-ed learns that Integral Calculus can change your whole outlook on life.This is a brief piece of fiction. It was started off as a writing assignment
  by "n" who was unable to finish it. This piece also provided "j" with the first
  opportunity to practice the art of editing. But if there are defects in the
  story they are solely the fault of E.E. Norcod who is always to blame for things
  that go wrong. Any resemblance to anyone, living or dead exists only in the
  mind of the reader.  
Part One   
   
The Walk   
I am fuming as I walk toward the math building across the
  cool dark campus. I should be at the best party of the fall but instead I have
  to meet for some sort of a bizarre tutorial session with my creepy Calculus
  instructor. Ok, I have to admit that I didn't study as intensely for that first
  exam as I should have. But I don't think it was fair to take all of those points
  off for not showing the intermediate steps in the derivations. Shit! That fall
  wind blew right up my short skirt and without any undergarments &ndash; no
  panties or pantyhose &ndash; it is shockingly cold. All I have on beneath this
  black sheath dress is a black tricot half-slip and that is not that much protection.
  Ordinarily I would not wear a slip with a dress this short but ordinarily I
  would have on panties and pantyhose. And this slip is not working all that
  well at keeping my skirt from riding up. When this damn dress rides up it shows
  a whole bunch of damn slip hem and I bet that the tops of my stockings are
  showing. And probably not just stocking is showing but a flash of naked thigh
  as well. Damn, damn, damn it's cold.  
My heels click and clack furiously on the cobblestone pathway
  as I finally approach my destination. The big old Live Oak trees cast really
  weird shadows in the sodium vapor lights and I glance over my shoulder to see
  if anybody is following me. How did I get myself in this situation? I pull
  down the hem of my dress once again, self conscious of my nakedness underneath.
  Still, if a little spanking is all it will take to get out of this academic
  mess, I can handle it. No big deal. Ok, I'm finally here and I don't think
  any of my friends have seen me. The door at the back of the building is old
  and it looks like it is rarely used. On my first attempt to unlock it I drop
  the key that I found in my mailbox yesterday. God Damn Son of a Bitch, Fuck!
  am I nervous. Ok, I hate to admit it, but I am scared, real scared. Without
  thinking I bend over to grope for the key. Only then do I realize that if anybody
  is looking I am giving them the 'beaver shot' of the semester with this short
  skirt and my unclad bottom. I squat down and eventually, OK, my fingers find
  the key. I fumble as I work the key into the lock. Finally, with a good deal
  of pressure, the key turns. The door opens with a creak into a dimly lit stairwell
  which descends into darkness. My heels click and clack on the stone steps as
  I wobble down on feet unfamiliar with descending stair in really high heels.  
 It is pitch black at the base of the stairs. I run
    my hands along the wall in search of a light switch in the usual place. No
    luck. Suddenly, a very low wattage fluorescent light palely flickers to life.
    I let out a short yipping scream and clutch the hem of my all too short skirt
    as He appears right in front of me. He looks pretty creepy by day, six foot
    four inches with long arms. He is all massive shoulders, pot belly and sagging
    ass in the oblique dim light. He never seems to be clean shaven and His reeking
    breath can sicken you from half way across the classroom. And in the dimly
    lit basement He looks a lot worse. He looks extremely pleased with himself. &quot;I'm
    glad you took me up on my little offer my dear.&quot; he gloats with a smug
    smile on his pitted face. &quot;Follow me.&quot; he commands and He begins
    to walk with that particular squat waddle of His down the hallway. I walk
    down the hall, clicking and clacking, holding the hem of my dress, thinking
    of the nakedness of my down-under and dreading the ordeal to come.   
 I've disliked Him since the first day of class when
    I laid my unfortunate eyes on him. No matter where I would sit in the lecture
    hall, it seemed like His eyes were finding me. His mouth would be lecturing
    about Calculus but His eyes would be telling me something else. Those pig
    eyes would be stripping away clothing. Normally, being oriental and naturally
    small breasted, I don't wear a bra. But when ever He gets the chance He calls
    me up to the front of the room to work an integral at the blackboard. I can
    feel those pig eyes stripping off my tee shirt and tweaking my nipples. I
    started wearing one of the only two bras I own to calculus class. I suspect
    that He must mentally do that to all of us but somehow I seem to feel it
    more acutely than the others. Each day, the first class slot after lunch,
    my stomach roils as I sit in that overheated classroom.   
As I clicked and clacked my way down that seeming endless
  terrazzo basement corridor I think of that first exam. That exam was a mental
  agony the likes of which I have never experienced before in my life. As I sit
  there in the blond wooden chair-desk, I can feel His eyes undressing me. He
  is stripping off my jeans and lifting off my tee shirt. He is unhooking my
  bra and slowly pulling down my panties. I can even feel Him slipping off my
  shoes and pulling off my socks. I look at the exam paper and the numbers started
  swirling around. I can even feel His eyes probing into my most private places,
  stroking my clitoris and my inner labia. He is poking into my vagina and anus.
  Five minutes into that exam I am sweating, salivating and I feel sick to my
  stomach. And strangely, my genitals are becoming hot, tumescent and wet. I
  can feel the wetness seeping into my panties. I swallow hard but I can not
  keep the equations from moving across the page as all my mind can focus on
  is my clitoris. My genitals seem to be on fire. That one hour exam seems to
  last the entire afternoon and I swear it is getting dark when He says "TIME".
  I throw my one-third-complete paper at him, run into the lavatory, fling open
  the door to the stall and, covered in sweat, heave my completely undigested
  lunch into the commode. And when I can heave no more, I finally get around
  to latching the door of the stall. I pull my jeans and sodden panties all the
  way down to my ankles and sit on the commode, my sweat soaked tee shit clinging
  to my chest and back. And I masturbate with an urgency I had never felt before.
  I don't just stroke my clitoris with my right hand but in a frenzy I rub my
  labia as well. Such is my abandon that finally I stick three fingers of my
  right hand into my vagina and crank away like hell. I am sure that anyone walking
  into the ladies washroom must hear my moans and thrashing but I am uncaring
  of my environment. Such is my need. And the worse part of it is, that now,
  as I hobble on my high heels down this dark basement hallway, my genitals are
  starting to swell and burn again with the same intensity.  
As I wobble down the hall on my shaky ankles, I am reliving
  the next day after that exam. I approach the bulletin board across from the
  lecture hall with trepidation. Oh god, there it is, my student number and my
  grade. 273-48-3321 and 51, highlighted in red. Three other student numbers
  are also highlighted, three other girls I later find out. And down at the bottom
  of the page is written in red ink, "The four students whose grades are posted
  in red are to see me immediately after the lecture today". I have the lowest
  grade in the class but there are four of us down there in the fifties. And
  that god-damned exam wet pussy bothers me still. I hate Him with a passion
  that goes beyond words. The four of us stand silently outside His office at
  two o'clock that afternoon. A silent, sweating line. Since I had the lowest
  grade, I have to wait until after the other three girls. I don't remember them
  well except that two are blond and real cute and the third is, like me, an
  Oriental. But my stomach is churning too much to really do much thinking. These
  thoughts and memories fill my mind as I click and clack after Him this evening.
  Him and His lumbering gait. Down that damn dim basement hall toward that inevitable
  room where my 'tutorial' awaits. What I expect will be a tutorial in pain and
  humiliation. He said I need tutoring in math. That afternoon He asked "Will
  I accept it?" Of course I will, what choice do I have? That afternoon as I
  sit there in His cluttered hole of an office, my genitals start to inflame
  again. He says the tutorials were very strict. I say "no problem". What choice
  do I have. He says He will e-mail me with the details, times, conditions, requirements,
  preparations. When I left the office I once again run to the ladies room. At
  least this time I don't vomit. But the crotch of my panties are soaking once
  again. And once again, in a frenzy, I masturbate. And now this evening I am
  walking behind him down this hall and my pussy is starting to drip. Once again
  I pull down that god-damned fucking hem of this all-too-short skirt of this
  tight black son-of-a-bitchin black sleeveless cocktail dress. And the worst
  thing of all is that I can feel the juice from my privates on the naked inner
  surface of my thighs.  
This is a brief piece of fiction. This section started off as a writing assignment
  by "n" whereas E.E. Norcod just polished it up. Any resemblance to anyone,
  living or dead exists only in the mind of the reader. But the fantasy may be
  familiar to anyone who has ever sat next to a girl in collegiate calculus.  
Part Two   
   
The Room   
 
  After the long terrifying walk down the corridor lined with endless similar-looking
      institutional metal doors He stops in front of a door marked B.122. I am
      so startled I run up into Him and am amazed at how solid He is. I bounce
      off, lose my balance on my high heels and tumble to the floor in a jumble
      of arms and legs. This reveals a large expanse of skin above the tops of
      my black nylons and I am sure that it also reveals my lack of undergarments.
      He pulls out a large ring of keys, selects one, and inserts it into the
      knob of Room B.122. As the door swings open He reaches down and plucks
      me upright as if I was as weightless as the leaves now falling from the
      Red Oak trees by the dorms. We enter a huge storage room as He flicks the
      light switch, turning on the single dim naked incandescent bulb in the
      ceiling at the far end of the room. Then He roughly slides the heavy rusted
      bolt in the door behind us. The room is filled with shelves and shelves
      of cardboard file boxes &ndash; the remains of three decades of old final
      exams, probably filed in anticipation of the Second Coming. There is a
      metal desk and metal closet in one of the far back corners. On the floor
      next to the desk is the vase filled with crape myrtle shoots that I saw
      in His office the other day. That was the vase I focused on the other day
      in His office when He told me how strict the tutorials are. About how C.P.
      is used on recalcitrant, stupid, willful girls. If I was scared then it
      was nothing compared to my fear now. I suspect that this is going to be
      more than 'a little spanking'. &quot;Just so you don't get any ideas, little
      bitch, several of my very close female friends know that I'm meeting with
      you tonight. They are prepared to supply me with a most concrete alibi.&quot; I
      tell him "You wouldn't dare to actually harm me. I'll have you brought
      up on charges of moral turpitude and you will never get a job in academia
      again". He is on me in an instant. His hand grips my hair and I feel my
      head pulled painfully back. &quot;First of all, bitch, it has been tried
      before and nobody on this campus is going to fuck with me. Try that shit
      and the next thing you know you will be back down here for a session that
      will last days and not hours." Then He grabs my two wrists together in
      His massive right hand, raises my arms up and delivers a truly nasty, very
      hard slap to my backside. With that He says "Now for the ground rules.
      You will not speak while in this room unless you are told to." Another
      slap stings my backside "You will follow all commands quickly and silently." Another
      slap to my butt. "If you are not obedient in every detail, the deal is
      off. You get the big F in Calculus, you lose your scholarship, you are
      expelled from this college, the whole nine yards". A fourth slap stings
      me. "Do not presume that you have control of the situation bitch, you do
      not." Another blow to my behind and the tears start to well up in my eyes. "In
      this room, you have control of nothing." His right hand hits me a sixth
      time. "However, you are free to leave if you wish, but we both know what
      that would mean." Slap seven, this is really hurting. "Now, I hope you
      are going to have less trouble learning the rules I have just laid forth
      than you do with simple derivatives.&quot; He slaps my bottom an eighth
      time as He releases my hands. My hands instantly spring back to my behind
      and I rub vigorously. I was never really ever spanked as a child and certainly
      as a teenaged girl no one would ever dare lay a hand on me. I am too shocked
      to even screech out. I am dumbfounded. And my pussy is running.   
 
   
  I am terrified at this unexpected turn of events. I was under the assumption
  that I could haughtily grant Him His wish to spank me. I can see now that the
  situation is evolving into something quite different. I stammer out a &quot;yes
  sir...&quot; and He pushes me out to the middle of the floor. &quot;Good. We
  will proceed", He says, and sits down behind the desk. I try to stand confidently
  as His eyes roam over every part of my body. But it is real difficult to stand
  confidently on shaking ankles and knees wearing too highly elevated high heels.
  Not when you are beneath the steady gaze of His beady eyes with a wet pussy.
  I am feeling very vulnerable, I anticipated a spanking and He has already spanked
  me. But this is developing into something more. Something much more serious.
  My black, sleeveless cocktail dress seems completely inadequate to shield me
  from His stare and now I really miss the psychological comfort that a pair
  of panties, a bra and pantyhose would offer. This thin dress, half slip and
  pair of black nylon stockings makes me feel worse than naked. He pulls a sheaf
  of papers out from a drawer. &quot;This is your test. It stinks. It is the
  lowest in the class. Before you are to be taught calculus, your arrogance must
  be disciplined. You are a bright girl and i have little doubt that once you
  have submitted to my ways, you will eventually pass this class. Tonight, I
  plan to provide you with lessons of another sort.&quot; I blink stupidly at
  his statement stammering out &quot;I don't understand.&quot; I am now terrified
  out of my mind, this is developing into something much worse than I ever bargained
  for. &quot;Obviously you don't understand bitch. And you have forgotten that
  I told you that you were not to speak in this room unless ordered to.&quot; He
  says as He comes out from behind the desk. Summoning all my courage in the
  way that they taught us in our assertiveness training class, I say to Him calmly &quot;Stop
  calling me a bitch, you asshole.&quot; He steps up to me and once again grabs
  my hands by the wrists pinioning my two hands in His left hand. But this time
  instead of hitting me with His right hand He pulls me over His knees. Before
  I know it He has raised the hem of my dress and my half slip. Now my naked
  behind is exposed to his gaze. Half a dozen blows now rain down on my bare
  butt. And now it is not just the pain. It is the degradation and humiliation
  of being held, bare assed and beaten. Then His right hand goes between my legs
  grabbing my labia between His thumb, forefinger and middle finger. He gives
  my wet genitals a wrenching squeeze and I see before my eyes. I scream and
  start kicking and wrenching my body about. He finally lets go and I drop to
  my knees as the breath leaves my body. I am beginning to realize that He is
  very serious. I close my eyes, and resolve to get through this as quickly as
  possible.   
 
   
  I stand up slowly. He returns to His seat behind the desk. Looking at me, and
  holding one of the shoots of crape myrtle in His hands he commands &quot;remove
  the dress, bitch.&quot; He makes sure to accentuate the last word. This is
  worse than the exam. The room is starting to spin around me. I would have thought
  that my mouth would be dry but my saliva is running wild and I am having to
  swallow hard to keep up with it. My hands are sweating and my face is flushed.
  Oh my God, this man is nuts and am I scared. Now, I've always been a bit of
  an exhibitionist and at parties have enjoyed taunting the guys by showing a
  bit of skin. But I was the one in control under those conditions. Early on
  I had thought that perhaps I could turn the situation around by arousing his
  desires to the boiling point and then denying him any type of relief. But now
  it looks like I am the one being controlled. I unzip the dress and it falls
  down around my feet leaving me naked but for my half slip, nylons and high
  heeled shoes. My hands instinctively go to cover my tiny breasts. "Drop the
  hands to you side, bitch" He instructs threateningly and continues, &quot;and
  turn around slowly bitch." Scared, but with my slit oozing slippery, slimy
  juice, I comply. How you can be so scared and yet so turned on, I cannot comprehend.
  He mutters, "Keep turning, hands at your sides, very nice. very, very nice,
  now remove your slip." I gulp and whisper "But sir if I do I will be naked." He
  smiles, "That is the idea, bitch" and flicks the crape myrtle switch up and
  down onto his palm. Turning my back to him I place my thumbs on the sides of
  my hips, hook them into the elastic waist band of my slip and ease the filmy
  black undergarment over my hips. I squat down a bit and once the slip is below
  my knees I step out of it, trying to expose myself as little as possible. And
  trying to absolutely not reveal any inner thigh dripping with secretions. He
  runs his eyes over my stripped body and remarks. "Your ass is starting to ripen
  before my very eyes. I've had my sights on you for quite some time. I knew
  exactly what you were the minute you walked into my first lecture. You are
  destined by nature to be a Paintoy and a Fucktoy. Like all oriental bitches
  you are short on tit but long on pussy. And like all oriental bitches you have
  a broad ass that just cries out to be beaten. I will mold you and shape you.
  Pain and humiliation will be your lot until you learn to be absolutely submissive
  to my will. Tit, asshole and pussy will be mine. Mouth and buttocks. Yes even
  feet and nostrils will serve me. Until you become slave to my every wish, you
  will know nothing but beatings and piercings and brandings and wrenchings of
  limbs. And do you know what will be the worst part of all of this. In time,
  bitch, you will come to love your slavery."   
Never in my life have I been so scared and felt so out of
  control. My pulse was pounding in my head and my racing heart was pounding
  in my chest. The flush was spreading from my face down onto my chest and the
  heat was welling up from my stung buttocks. And worst or all, fluid was pouring
  out of my vagina.  
This is a brief piece of fiction. These parts were written by E. E. Norcod
  to finish off the story that 'n' began. The Rev. Norcod wrote the following
  chapters using first person singular, past tense which he is far more comfortable
  writing in than the first person singular present tense that 'n' preferred.  
Part Three   
   
The Pot   
As his eyes fondled me he asked "Did you prepare yourself
  as I instructed in my e-mail?" His eyes focused themselves on my pubic area
  and I felt it was superfluous to point out to him that I had depilated my pudendum. "Before
  I came I bathed. I administered an enema to my self. I evacuated my bowels" I
  replied. He grunted and commanded "Bend over, spread your feet thirty inches
  apart and grab your ankles." I dreaded what I suspected was coming but I complied.
  I knew that I was making obvious my state of sexual arousal but I didn't know
  what else to do. I was no longer in control of the situation and was helpless
  before his overwhelming animal brutality. He squatted behind me and spread
  the cheeks of my red tender buttocks with his thick fingers. OH SHIT he could
  see everything. As my humiliation deepened, my arousal increased. As he ran
  his horny right forefinger over my dripping labia he remarked "Hot little bitch
  aren't you". I whimpered softly "Please, please don't hurt me". He moved his
  finger over to stroke the inner aspect of first my left and then my right thighs
  saying "Pussy, pussy, pussy, hot little pussy." I gagged as he spread the drippings
  uniformly over the skin right down to the stocking tops. I would have thrown
  up but I had wisely foregone supper. Then he started running his finger up
  and down across my privates starting at the top of my slit and going all the
  way down to my anus, spreading my arousal goo from one end to the other. "Nice,
  nice, nice bitch" he muttered. Deeper and deeper he probed each time he went
  from top to butt hole. My arousal was becoming unbearable and my knees started
  to shake. It must have been the fourth or fifth time around before he actually
  began entering my vaginal cavity proper with his finger. And then he pulled
  it out and forced in into my anal ring. Not really past it but just into it.
  Boy was he taking his time in fondling me. He could see that my sexual arousal
  was becoming so extreme that I was on the edge of an orgasm. My knees were
  shaking so much I could hardly maintain my bent over posture and was in danger
  of falling over. Then he stopped and I wanted to scream. He off-handedly remarked, "Bitch
  did a good job of shaving her pussy. Not even any hair around her asshole.
  Good little pussy."  
"OK you slant-eyed bitch," he insulted. "Squat on the pot
  over there and piss." He pointed to a blue enamel twenty quart cooking pot
  with a matching lid in the corner of the room. I went over to it, facing into
  the corner and removed the lid. "Stop bitch. Turn around. Face outwards." he
  instructed. I knew that resistance was futile and complied. Then the strangest
  thing happened. I hadn't urinated since leaving my dorm room and my bladder
  was full, but when I squatted I couldn't pee. Whether it was the humiliation
  and embarrassment or whether I was paralyzed by fear I don't know. But I couldn't
  go. I just squatted there and tried to let go but couldn't. I rested my thighs
  on the edges of the pot and balanced precariously there but I couldn't relax
  enough to urinate. He picked up his switch off the desk and sauntered over,
  flicking it back and forth ominously. He began to rub it oh so lightly over
  my back. Again I found this paradoxically arousing. Then he used the switch
  to tickle my sides. I began to giggle and all at once I started to urinate.
  And I peed and I peed and I peed. And the more I peed, the more embarrassed
  I became, turning from mere red-faced to absolutely crimson.  
When I was done emptying my bladder I looked around for
  something to wipe the last few drops of urine off my perineum with. He saw
  me and commanded "Use your hand, that right, wipe your pussy with your right
  hand. Good bitch. Now put your wet fingers in your mouth and lick them clean." Despairingly,
  I did as he commanded. I had no choice. While still squatting I put my first
  three fingers in my mouth and sucked. And gagged. I fell forward onto my forearms
  and retched. Nothing would come up. I had the dry heaves. But with elbows next
  to knees and face to the floor I tried to throw up. Nothing, not even mucous.
  The bastard laughed and swatted my behind smartly with his switch. "I didn't
  give you permission to puke, did I bitch. Cover up your piss pot and get up." Still
  beet red in the face, I did as he commanded. He certainly understood how to
  inflict maximal embarrassment and humiliation.  
Part Four   
   
The Switch   
 He tapped me on the shoulder with his switch to get my
  attention and using its tip he herded me over to the desk. It was a standard
  grey Steelcase, double-drawer desk. You have probably seen a million of them
  in your life. But I will never forget that desk as long as I live. It had one
  of those vinyl top surfaces, hard vinyl, cold vinyl. He directed me over to
  a corner of the desk. I eyed the bright steel rim that bridged between the
  grey streaked vinyl covering the top and the grey steel side edge. I automatically
  calculated the contact angle between that strip of stainless steel and the
  crease of my lap and the shaved triangle of my mons. He bade me stretch out
  across the desk diagonally. As he bent me over, the first thing that touched
  that cold surface were my breasts. Not large breasts but sensitive breasts.
  The minute my nipples touched that cold vinyl they instantly became engorged
  and turgid sending a frisson of sexual excitement through my body. As I adjusted
  myself according to his instructions, the cold steel touched my pubic triangle
  and the front of my thighs, increasing my arousal. OH SHIT this was starting
  again. I don't know if I can stand another cycle of unrequited sexual stimulation
  to the edge of a climax and then be denied an orgasm. Splaying out my arms
  and grasping the sides of the desk only served to jam my tense nipples and
  sensitive pubes more tightly into that cold grey desk. How am I going to take
  this?  
Then just as my arousal was peaking I heard that sound for
  the first time - the whistle as the switch, employed with consummate skill,
  came down upon my buttocks. Since this was my first time and I was preoccupied
  with my tits and my pussy, the sound had no significance to me. I will never
  again hear that type of swishing whistle and not clench my buttocks. The crape
  myrtle wand landed evenly across both of my unsuspecting butt cheeks, exactly
  half way between the crease where my buttocks joined my thighs and my belt
  line. Oh my God what that first stroke felt like! At first, it was like an
  electrical shock then it was like a hot coal being drawn across my skin. I
  shrieked, stood up, clapped my hands to my behind, turned around to face my
  tormenter and screamed "NO! You can't do this, you can't hurt me like this." As
  I shouted at him the fire in my buttocks only became greater. Up until this
  point in my life I had never felt pain like this. This was not the sharp twinge
  of a turned ankle or the dull ache of an athletic injury. This was fire. This
  was unbearable. He smiled at me and stood there tapping the switch into his
  left palm and said "It appears that my little half Chinese, half Japanese bitch
  has absolutely none of the stoicism and self control ascribed to her race.
  What's the matter bitch, can't take a little spanking. This is just the beginning,
  you have a long way to go before you leave this room. This switch is going
  to become very familiar to you before this evening is over."  
I reacted without really thinking. I spat in his face, grabbed
  the switch from his hand, broke it in two over my knee, and naked as the day
  I was born I ran on my high heels for the door. "SHIT" I exclaimed as I struggled
  with the massive, rusty bolt. "OH FUCK" I blurted when his massive right hand
  smacked into the right side of my head spinning me around. Stunned, I said
  nothing as he grabbed my left hand and then yelped with pain as he twisted
  my left forearm up behind my back. I suspect that he had dealt with this situation
  before. He frog marched me back to the desk but stopped in front of the grey
  metal closet. Switching his grip on my wrist from his right hand to his left,
  he then opened the door and extracted four pieces of white nylon rope. Each
  of these was about three eights of an inch thick and perhaps six feet long.
  Shit, I know what is coming now. It was a good thing I had just emptied my
  bladder because I could feel it go into spasm in reaction to my fear. Back
  over the desk I went, held down by what I can only describe as a massive paw
  while my right hand was bound by a loop spliced into the end of the rope. I
  marveled at how he was able to hold me down and at the same time secure my
  arms. Practice, I guess. My kicking and screaming goes unanswered. I am sure
  he has chosen this time carefully. Security must have just finished their final
  round of the night. I sure no one will pass down that corridor much before
  five or six in the morning. And given that tomorrow is Saturday, maybe not
  even then. This fucker really knows what he is doing. Now it is my ankles that
  are being tied to the leg of the desk. I am in really deep shit.  
It is only when I am bound hand and foot that he speaks
  again. "Well my little bitch, I think we know who is in control now. I love
  it so much when a girl struggles, I so love it when I can see you helplessly
  squirm. I am not actually angry with you. In fact I was hoping you would do
  this. It makes the training so much more fun. I hope that you realize that
  I have a large number of switches. I try not to break them over the behinds
  of naughty little girls but sometimes it happens. That's why I have lots of
  extras." He went over to the vase and selected another wand. At this point
  my terror increased to the point where I felt my bowels loosen. But so thorough
  had my preparatory enema been that all that emerged from my anus was a long
  low fart. I banged my head against the vinyl of the desk top and sobbed and
  screamed. "There, there he crooned, don't make such a fuss, you might hurt
  yourself. You must remember, slow and steady, slow and steady, that's how I
  like it done. Here, I don't want you to bite your tongue." He put a piece of
  leather into my mouth. Just like the leather bones they sell in the grocery
  store. The type you give to your dog to chew on. Well this was not beige, hard
  and new. It was brown and the leather was fairly soft and more than a bit moist.
  I wondered who or what had been chewing on it, his dog or another girl being
  tortured. I gagged and tried to spit it out but he secured it into my mouth
  with a couple of pieces of white string already tied to the ends.  
Then I heard that whistling sound. In all the struggling
  I had forgotten about everything but the struggle. Now I remembered that whistling
  sound. And I knew what was coming. Electricity and fire was coming. I stiffened
  my body in anticipation of the blow but nothing could prepare me for the pain.
  FUUCCK! Oh No, Oh No. I squirmed and thrashed but still it hurt. I twisted
  my hands and pulled as hard as I could but all I succeeded in doing was to
  abrade my wrists. He, the supreme sadist, was in complete control. He just
  waited until my gyrations ceased and then I heard that swooshing whistle again.
  Bound over as I was, I couldn't turn my head far enough around to see where
  the three blows had landed. But I was pretty sure that there were three parallel
  lines of fire arranged with mathematical precision across my ass. And I swore
  that he had peeled the skin off with each stroke. My backside must be bleeding,
  he must have torn my skin. I will get him back if it is the last thing I do.
  There is no way he is going to get away with this. Then that sound and then
  the pain. Oh My God I cannot endure this. Four blows but it seems as if he
  has been beating me all night. He takes his time and seems to know just how
  long it takes for the pain from a single stroke to become maximal and then
  he strikes again just when the sharpest pain is beginning to come down. Oh
  Shit, that was the fifth, how much longer can this last. Oh No, Oh No, Oh No,
  six. My bladder is in complete spasm.  
Then he stopped. He stopped and lightly, ever so lightly
  ran his switch up and down over my ass, just barely touching the skin. I could
  feel the wand bumping up and down as it passed over the ridges of the welts
  emerging from the skin of my backside. It was curious that I could barely feel
  the passage of the switch. It seemed that the discrete sensations of my buttocks
  were subsumed into one single throbbing area of pain. The throbbing seemed
  to grow with each passing minute and he must have toyed with my skin for five
  minutes. All so lightly he stroked my behind, just the barest touch. All of
  this had been done with him standing by my left side. I had never really noticed
  that he was right handed, it is just something you automatically assume. But
  then he walked over to my right side and shifted the switch to his left hand.
  I watched with fascination as he took several practice cuts through the air
  with the switch. I hadn't really had much of a chance to examine it closely
  up until now. And one part my mind seemed detached and dispassionate and considered
  the switch from a rationalist point of view. Maybe just over thirty inches
  long, Perhaps the thickness of my forefinger at its base. It tapered to no
  more than two millimeters at its tip. It was so light that it looked like some
  sort of a funny toy in his hammy hand. How clever, he must be ambidextrous.
  Then that terrible sibilant whistle came and the reptilian part of my brain
  started screaming "Watch out, brace yourself, here comes the pain" and the
  rational part of my brain went away.  
Six times he hit me, six times he struck me from the left.
  This was worse than before. When he started the globe of my buttocks was covered
  with fire. But there were probably valleys in between the hills of the parallel
  welts. He was now filling in the valleys. He was striking skin that was already
  aflame and Oh Gawd did it hurt. Much worse than before. And boy did he take
  his sweet fucking time. He knew I wasn't going anywhere. He knew exactly how
  tight to tie me. Not too tight so that the circulation to my hands was cut
  off but secured so that I might squirm and wiggle but not dodge the blows.
  And Oh My Fucking Gawd did those six strikes hurt. I was sure that at this
  point my buttocks must be fiercely bleeding.  
Then it happened. Somewhere during those six blows I became
  aware of that familiar throbbing in my loins. He was going so slow. Even slower
  than the first six. And in between the electric jolts of the switch striking,
  during the fire, I became aware of my arousal. NOOOH! I thought, you can't
  be doing this to me, you can't be arousing me like this. And then the blow
  hit. Just above the crease where the buttocks join the thighs was where he
  hit me. And the electricity started coursing through my vagina. I swear I could
  feel the jolt entering the cervix of my uterus. He hit me again, just above
  that spot and I started the climb to orgasm. And then he stopped. And I screamed
  and twitched and rubbed my pubes into the corner of the desk and tried to wipe
  the surface of the vinyl with my swollen nipples. And it wouldn't come. I couldn't
  climax. I pressed my face into the desk and cried as I have never cried before.
  I just laid there and sobbed. And every muscle in my body ached with the tension.
  And nothing would come. And he knew it, and the bastard new it, and the son-of-a-bitchin
  bastard knew it. He knew that he had taken me, by his beating, to the edge
  of an orgasm and then snatched it away. How could he know? How could he know!
  He went over to the desk chair and sat down, tapping the switch in his hand,
  watching the clock on the wall and whistling an aria from a Mozart opera. One
  of the lesser operas, maybe 'Cosi Fan Tutti'. I couldn't remember which. Whistling
  that damned fucking song for fifteen minutes.  
Then he came over to me and stroked my short black hair. "Having
  fun" he said. "I am. I hope that you appreciate the sensitive way in which
  I am beating you. You know, you should realize by now that resistance is futile.
  You are no longer in control. You can't control your bladder, you can't control
  your bowels. Your limbs twitch and you caterwaul like a baby. You need to learn
  to just relax, kick back and enjoy it. Who knows, you may even come to like
  it. Maybe even to need it. Who know, before long you may even come to me begging
  for it. That's when you have become a real pain slut. I think that you have
  the makings of a real pain slut in you, you know."  
Then he walked over to the vase, tossed his old switch on
  the floor and selected a new one. He was still whistling that fucking Mozart
  when he walked over to my left side with the fresh switch in his right hand
  and said. "Young lady, do you realize that there is such beautiful ivory white
  skin between your buttocks and the tops of your black stockings. I really think
  that it needs some stimulation don't you." My conscious mind was marveling
  at what he was saying but the reptilian centers of the basal ganglia in my
  brain stem were once again screaming. They knew what was coming. Except it
  wasn't quite the same this time around. As he beat the backs of my upper thighs,
  changing sides every three strokes this time, one part of my brain was searching
  for that which I had felt earlier. It was desperately searching for that wall
  to climb. And then, somewhere in the pain I found it and got one leg over it.
  And then I was straddling that wall and riding it. And it started in my vagina
  and it consumed my genitals with fire and my uterus started cramping and my
  whole body convulsed. And I went into another world and stayed there until
  he stopped beating me. And then I climbed down off the wall. I had never been
  there before. I think I was screaming like some sort of animal and shaking
  like a leaf. It must have been fifteen or twenty minutes before I became human
  again. He patiently waited.  
Part Five   
The Mirror   
 He began "Well my little Oriental crossbred bitch, you
  are becoming an actual pain slut. That was quite a little trip you took back
  there. Did you shoot the moon or travel to the stars. You certainly left this
  world without a doubt. Well it is time to vary the games we play." With that
  he went over to steel cabinet and pulled out a mirror, just a plain wooden
  framed mirror about one foot by a foot and a half. He took out of the bottom
  of the closet a three foot step ladder, went over behind me and climbed the
  little ladder. Then by craning my head around as hard as I could I saw what
  he was doing. He was hanging the mirror from one of the numerous pipes that
  criss-crossed the ceiling of the storage room. As he adjusted, it I could see
  my backside. I was simultaneously impressed and appalled. I expected that skin
  of my thighs and buttocks would be cut into ribbons by the two dozen or so
  strokes that had hit them. But that was not so. What I saw was the work of
  a master and I was horrified by it. From my waist to the top of my stockings
  and from one side of my hips to the other side was basically one gigantic,
  continuous bruise. At the very edges and down my crack it was red. Bright crimson
  red. But overlying this red were giant swollen purple wheals. The whole thing
  more or less had the appearance of raw hamburger. Here and there little strips
  of the outer surface of the skin were detaching but there was not any actual
  bleeding. At most there was the seeping of a little clear fluid from the blistered
  surface. This is what my rational mind saw and it was appalled at the hyper
  rational precision with which the flogging had been administered. Hard to believe.
  But my reptilian brain knew better. I had been beaten beyond the imagining
  of my rational mind. I had been beaten back into savagery. I was no longer Homo
  sapiens  . I was something back in the cave. Irrational, animal.  
Then he untied my ankles and I kicked my legs in the air
  to drive out the cramps that had accumulated while I struggled. I gazed at
  my ankles in amazement. Despite my struggles against my bonds I had not torn
  my stockings. Tough hose, a tribute to modern polymer chemistry. Then he spread
  my knees and stood in back of me. To my horror he then undid his belt and dropped
  his pants. He was going to take me sexually. I wasn't sure whether he was going
  to simply rape me or rape and sodomize me. It was so weird, I had detached
  myself and my mind was up there near the ceiling dispassionately looking down
  at the body with the blistered behind splayed across the table below. Hey,
  what's going on here. Going to be a wild fucking movie. I was floating up there
  on a cloud of pain. Well my pussy was certainly wet enough from my evening-long
  arousal so that at least it wasn't going to be a dry fuck. Oh shit. He was
  fingering my asshole, looks like an ass fucking for me tonight.  
It was amazing. I had only had penetrative sexual intercourse
  three times in my life. Ordinarily if some guy tried to sodomize me I would
  have fought him to the death. But right now I was mentally too fucked up to
  care. Truly mind fucked. It was only when he was about half way through that
  I realized that his banging into my backside was hurting my beaten-to-shit
  rear end. My response to this was to moan a bit but I didn't even care enough
  to buck. Eventually he ejaculated, I could have cared less. I could now see
  that he had too purposes in mind when insisting on my bowel preparation. He
  didn't want me losing control and defecating on the floor while being beaten.
  But neither did he want a shitty stick. Finally he untied my wrists and I curled
  up on the desk in a fetal position and softly sobbed. I don't really remember
  what happened the rest of the night. Except, I do dimly remember the searing
  pain of the branding iron, burning the upside-down triangle into the flesh
  of my naked pubes.  
Part Six   
   
The Dorm   
The next weekend my mother drove up from the big city. I
  really didn't expect to see her, late that Saturday morning. She took me out
  to lunch at the nicest restaurant in this crummy little college town. I really
  appreciated seeing her. One part of me wanted to tell mom about what happened
  to me the preceding weekend. One part of me was still in shock. I had not gone
  to the Dean of Women immediately after he had dropped me off at my dorm in
  the wee hours of the morning. I hadn't even gone to the Health Service on Monday
  morning for care of my broken and battered ass. I just put on the cream that
  he gave me and lay naked in bed on my belly Saturday and Sunday until my roommate
  came back. Yah, that week I spent a lot of time in bed on my belly and as little
  time sitting as I could. I did manage a couple of quick exchanges on Monday
  with the other Oriental girl in my Calculus class. Yah, things went about the
  same way with her on Saturday morning. I noticed that the two round-eyed blonds
  weren't sitting too comfortably but I didn't feel like sharing anything with
  them right now. By Saturday morning I could sit. Not comfortably, but I could
  sit and not be in too much pain. And after a week I could walk without any
  pain at all. It will probably be another week before all the pain is gone and
  I'll bet that the bruises take at least a month to completely go away. After
  a week they were still black and blue in the center and mottled yellow around
  the edges. I really wanted to share my experience with my mom, to see what
  she thought, to get her advice, to ask what she would do in my place. But I
  couldn't bring my self to do it. Because, you see, it isn't just the blackmail
  that keeps me silent and compliant. Something changed in me that Friday night.
  Something was uncovered that was deeply disturbing. Way beyond fear of flunking
  Calculus, losing my scholarship and getting kicked out of school. Something
  visceral emerged in that room, bound to that desk, under the switch. More than
  a butt beaten until it was just beginning to bleed. Beyond sodomy.  
At lunch I gazed into my mother's eyes looking for answers.
  She was strange that day. Not reserved at all. Chatty, almost giddy like a
  girl. I assumed that it was due to being back at her old Alma Mater and being
  with the daughter that she hadn't seen in six weeks. Of course she asked how
  I was doing. I said I was getting A's in everything except Calculus. I really
  didn't know why they made students with my major take Calculus since it really
  didn't contribute a thing to a Liberal Arts degree. Besides, I just don't seem
  to have a head for math and the instructor was a true ogre. Mom looked me in
  the eye and said that you could learn a lot about life from Calculus. She got
  real serious. She said that she was on the Board of Reagents of the University
  and that she was one of those who were most adamant that girls with my major
  be exposed to higher mathematics. The waiter brought our fish and refreshed
  our wine glasses with that superb primier cru  Chablis.
  Then mom started to babble and chatter again and I'm not sure that she heard
  another word I said. My roommate was down in the big city again this weekend.
  After lunch mom and I walked around campus for at least an hour and a half
  enjoying the fall sunshine and shadows. Then we went to my room in the dorm
  and each of us laid on one of the beds on our bellies and just chatted very
  quietly for an hour before we fell asleep for a deep, drooling nap. It was
  five o'clock before we got up, my mom a bit startled and disoriented. Then
  I asked her what was up for this evening. She said that she had plans to meet
  some old friends that evening, chums from her undergraduate days. She hoped
  that I wouldn't mind making my own plans for after an early supper. And, oh,
  could she crash here in my room since my roommate would not be here tonight.
  Without thinking, I gladly assented.  
After a light supper, mom went into the bathroom to prepare
  herself for what I was now coming to regard as a somewhat mysterious assignation.
  After she had drawn the water for her bath, mom came out clad only in her bathrobe
  and seemed upset. She explained that she was meeting with some old friends
  that night, some of her college classmate and her former math instructor. She
  met with them about once a year to revisit the old times when she was a nineteen
  college girl rather than a thirty-nine year old matron. Well, she said blushing
  beet red, she had a condition that she had never told me about that required
  her to take enemas at certain rigidly specified intervals and tonight was one
  of those times. The problem was that she was so excited and nervous about seeing
  me, and seeing her old girl friends that her hand was shaking too badly to
  insert the nozzle of the enema. She was obviously embarrassed to death, flushed
  and shaking. Could I give her a hand? Oh, mom, I said, giving her a big hug,
  I will be glad to help. After all, you wiped my poopy bottom for almost two
  years. What have two grown women to be ashamed about.  
We went into the bathroom, the two of us. Mom said that
  dorm bathrooms are so much nicer now. In her time, in this very dorm, it was
  four girls in two bunk beds to a room which only had a crummy sink with a crummy
  mirror and a commode and a dinky shower. Now it is two girls to a room with
  a nicer bathroom than at home and a real bathtub. A big four quart enema bag
  hung was already hung from the shower rod when we entered the room. Mom tried
  hiking up her robe and bending over the tub. Unfortunately, she was stiff and
  shaking and trying to keep the robe out of the bathwater. I told her, mom,
  just take the robe off and bend over the tub. Even so, I was a bit shocked,
  never having seen my mother naked before. But she knelt on the rug in front
  of the tub, bent over to lean on the tub's edge and spread her knees to about
  two feet apart. Like me, mom has what I would call a sturdy ass. Not fat but
  enough there for most purposes. I spread her quaking ass cheeks with one hand
  and slowly and carefully inserted the unusually large, well lubricated, black
  plastic enema nozzle into her anus. It was while spreading her cheeks that
  I noticed that the surface of her buttocks was covered with innumerable fine
  linear scars. Many of them looked like they were from decades ago but there
  were some that might have been no more than a year or so old. And the scars
  went from side to side just like the strokes of a switch. Once the enema tube
  was inserted and I released the stopcock, I left her to her purging.  
About an hour later she came bouncing out of the bathroom,
  stark bonkers naked but in unaccustomed high spirits. The bowel evacuation
  and bath, shampoo and blow dry seem to have worked a miracle on her for the
  shakiness has disappeared. She stood in front of the mirror, hands underneath
  her sagless breasts admiring how well preserved her charms were. She said it
  was an advantage that we small-breasted Oriental women had. We age well. She
  said that her old roommate, now the Dean of Women would be there tonight and
  perhaps the President of the University would drop by. All the old girls and
  their favorite math professor. Mom babbled on commenting on how the Dean of
  Women had massive breasts that sagged down to her navel when unsupported. Then,
  in the reflection in the mirror, I noticed that mom had shaved the hair from
  her pubic delta. And there was a faded but still prominent scar - an upside
  down triangle branded into her mons veneris. As she stepped into her red panties
  and pulled them up, mom admired how slim her waist still was. She commented
  that she wasn't even going to need a bra tonight as she slipped on a beautiful
  red silk dress that I had never seen before. The long sleeved bodice was closely
  fitted but the skirt was full. She put on black, self supporting hose and red
  shoes with higher heels than I could ever imagine my mom wearing. Then she
  pulled up a full crinoline petticoat and twirled until the dress and petticoat
  swirled up and outward. She looked at least ten years younger. As mom put on
  a medium length string of pearls I was frankly jealous of her. I gave her the
  spare key to the dorm room and told her that I was going to retire early tonight.
  Just let herself in quietly and go to sleep. I would probably already be deep
  in the arms of Morpheus by the time she returned. Mom skipped out the door
  saying that she felt like a college girl all over again and whistling a snippet
  of Mozart. As she walked out, I asked her what the tune was and she said it
  was the first act trio for soprano, mezzo-soprano and alto from 'Cosi Fan Tutti'.
  Or in English, 'All Women Are Alike' or 'They All Do It' or 'So Do They All'.  
I decided that I already had all the answers to any questions
  that I going to ask my mother. I turned on my computer and checked my e-mail,
  replying affirmatively to the one critical memo I had gotten that afternoon.
  Then I showered, brushed my teeth and I changed into the tee shirt that served
  me for a nightgown. Turning out the light I crawled into my bed. I could finally
  lie on my back without too much discomfort. I wiggled my ass and spread my
  thighs flexing and stretching. Then I ran my hands over the surface of those
  buttocks that were now no longer smooth and I thought about the e-mail from
  HIM. I was scheduled for another Calculus tutorial next Friday night. This
  time it would be a joint tutorial session with another student who also had
  unacceptably low grades. I made a bet with myself that it would be the other
  Oriental co-ed rather than one of the busty blonde bimbo's. It took me over
  two hours before I fell asleep. Images of the Dean of Women's tits kept running
  through my mind alternating with fantasies of the blond busty bimbo's being
  beaten. "So do we all".  
FINIS  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  E. E. Norcod


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





