BDSM Library - Mistress Nicole Knows




Mistress Nicole Knows
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She looked up and, realizing he wasn't a regular, called over to him, "What can I do for you, slut boy?" Her words shocked him. He glanced around at the other men, but none of them seemed to think her question was odd. Who the hell was this bitch speaking to him like that?  She was Nicole - Mistress Nicole.The following story has been edited by Curtis. Thank you, Curtis. 
Mistress Nicole Knows
The bar, much like any other. Dimly lit and smoky. Nothing
    odd there, yet through haze he could clearly see that this one was different.
    He knew it as soon as he entered. His first instinct told him he should leave
  - immediately - however his curious nature begged him to stay. 
He looked around; there were no women customers. That wasn't anything unusual,
  since many bars around this part of town catered to 'men only'. A woman, perhaps
  somewhere around twenty-five, stood behind the counter. Visible only from her
  waist up, the tight, black, leather corset she wore seemed to be forcing her
  large breasts to almost burst out. Her makeup was heavy. Scarlet lipstick had
  been carelessly smudged over her full and pouting lips, and her eyelids appeared
  to be almost weighed down with dark shadow and lashes. Wild, blonde curls hung
  down her bare back and shoulders like a lion's mane. At first he was unsure
  of what to think of her, as he stood there unashamedly staring at her exposed
  breasts. His cock, however, was way ahead of him as it jerked and twitched
  in his shorts.  
She looked up and, realizing he wasn't a regular, called over to him, &quot;What
  can I do for you, slut boy?&quot; continuing to dry the glass in her hand,
  then grinning and adding, &quot;Or should I say, 'what can you do for me?'&quot;  
Her words shocked him. He glanced around at the other men, but none of them
  seemed to think her questions were odd. Who the hell did this bitch think she
  was, speaking to him like that? Didn't she know who he was? He was Jack, Jack
  Jones, one of the most powerful and influential lawyers in the city, a force
  to be reckoned with. One word, one whisper to the right one of his associates,
  could mean this grubby little bar would be closed down within days. Still,
  it had been a hard long day, and he wasn't in the mood for more confrontations.
  'I should've just caught a cab back to the Hilton. I should never have taken
  a client from this side of town,' he told himself. 'I don' t care how much
  extra those hoods pay, I'm not taking another one on.'  
He strolled over and seated himself at the bar. &quot;Give me a scotch and
  ice, sweetheart, and try not to drop your tits in it.&quot;  
The blonde grinned at him again. As she prepared his drink he glanced down
  and saw she was wearing black leather gloves. 'How very odd,' he mused.  
~  
Perhaps he should have just turned around and walked out. This place wasn't
  what he was used to. Jack was used to class. High class. First class. Always.
  It had never been any different for him.  
Born into a wealthy family, if Jack wanted it and money could buy it, he
  would have it. Of course, money couldn't buy everything, and so for those lesser
  things in life he simply relied on his good looks and charm. Tall, with broad
  shoulders, deep blue eyes and a boyish grin, few people - especially women
  - could resist his charisma.  
Later, when he left school, he became less reliant on his family. 'I'm never
  going to use my father's connections to get ahead,' that's what he said - and
  he never did. Upon graduating, when the other students had been anxious about
  gaining employment, Jack had not. A firm, whose senior associate's wife he'd
  been having an affair with at the time, immediately took him on. She had insisted.
  After that, his cunning and intelligence meant he'd advanced quickly, although
  the liaison hadn't lasted beyond a few months.  
Jack enjoyed being a high profile lawyer, with a huge plush office and sweet
  young secretary to fawn over him. He enjoyed mixing with the rich and influential
  people his work brought him into contact with. He enjoyed it all, but most
  of all, and regardless of the fact that he was married, he enjoyed the beautiful
  women his lifestyle attracted.  
Originally it had been his intention to retire in his early thirties. Certainly
  he was wealthy enough to do so, but now, almost ten years on, something had
  taken hold of him. It was power. Yes, it was an addiction - an addiction he
  was powerless to break.  
~  
&quot;I know what you need, don't I? Mistress knows what all her boys need,
  doesn't she?&quot; she asked rhetorically, leaning across the counter and deliberately
  letting one of her nipples almost touch the rim of the glass, before passing
  it to him.  
As she spoke he was astonished to see several other men sitting nearby obediently
  nod their heads and mumble words of agreement. Well-dressed men just like him.
  'Who the hell is this woman? What is this place? I don't like this side of
  town. I've had a hell of a day. I need a stiff drink, but I don't need one
  this badly,' he thought.  
&quot;I have enough. Keep the change and buy yourself some clothes!&quot; He
  slammed a couple of notes on the counter and stood up to leave. &quot;Don't
  you know who I am?&quot;  
&quot;Well, of course I do,&quot; she replied, raising an eyebrow, &quot;you're
  Jack Jones. Your drink's on me. Please, sit down. Relax.&quot;  
Yes, she knew exactly who he was. She had seen his pictures and read all
  about him in the newspapers and society magazines, and now here he was sitting
  in her bar. As a top lawyer he was a sought after man, but it wasn't his advice
  or his money she was after. Oh no, it was Jack himself - powerful men fascinated
  her.  
The bar was sleazy, and certainly by the way she dressed she may have given
  the impression of being nothing more than a cheap whore, but she was not. She
  was much more. She was Nicole, a refined and well-educated woman. How she had
  ended up owning and working in a bar like this was a mystery even to her. At
  school she had excelled in every subject. She had been a prom queen, a beauty
  queen, the girl every boy wanted to date. She had been voted the most likely
  to succeed, and she had. For several years she worked as a highly paid executive
  for one of the top merchant banks in town. Men, money, and success; it seemed
  like anything she wanted she could have, but it had bored her.  
He stared across the bar at her as she held his gaze. Jack knew many beautiful
  women, however something about this one, apart from her revealing attire, had
  his cock standing to full attention. Confused, he sat down again. He decided
  he would finish his drink before he left.  
She watched him tip his glass back, then she folded her arms and leaned over
  the counter. He was sure her tits were going to drop out at any moment as he
  stared down at them. &quot;I want something from you, Jack,&quot; she told
  him.  
'So that's it,' he rolled his eyes. 'Well, if she wants my legal advice she
  better forget it; I didn't spend all those years at college to give free consultations.
  No one gets anything from me with out paying. Or maybe she does intend to give
  me something in return? Well, fuck her. Or, rather, I won't fuck her. She can
  make an appointment with my secretary like everyone else.'  
&quot;Forget it, sweetheart,&quot; he told her, wiping his mouth with the
  back of his hand.  
&quot;Please, Jack,&quot; she cooed, now pouting her swollen red lips at
  him and batting her heavy eyelashes.  
He was about to stand up, but hesitated.  
She tilted her head and began fingering her rose colored nipples, as she
  cupped her heavy breasts in her hands, it seemed to Jack as if she were offering
  them to him. He swallowed hard; he couldn't remember the last time had seen
  such great tits, so firm and rounded, the skin so smooth and pale against the
  black leather of her corset and gloves. 'Damn it, I'd love to fuck those babies,'
  he thought, as tiny beads of perspiration began forming on his forehead. 'I
  just bet the bitch has a sopping wet cunt. Oh yes - fuck her cunt, and her
  hot mouth! Fuck her tight whore ass too! Fuck her! Oh, yes!'  
He was quite sure she would be grateful enough to let him do that and much
  more in return for a little of his legal expertise. His cock felt hard and
  heavy as it throbbed in his shorts. He was a powerful man, a man usually in
  complete control. However, Jack was powerless when it came to his cock. When
  his cock got stiff and demanded attention, he had to obey it.  
&quot;All right then, just a few minutes. I'm a busy man,&quot; he told her.
  However, he had no intention of leaving until he had been completely satisfied.  
&quot;Good, please follow me,&quot; she told him.  
He hesitated; he knew once he stood up the bulge in his trousers would be
  obvious.  
&quot;Now, Jack!&quot;  
Her commanding manner and his throbbing groin left him little choice. Twenty
  minutes ago he wouldn't have put up with such disrespect, especially from a
  woman. Twenty minutes ago, however, he didn't have a raging erection.  
Leaning down under the counter, she produced a leather crop that she slapped
  on the counter a couple of times before turning and beckoning him to follow.  
'So, she's kinky. Well, what the hell? I can deal with that,' he thought
  with a smirk.  
Waving the crop, she indicated for him to move behind the bar to the door
  at the end. As he did so, he could now see she wore nothing on the lower half
  of her body. Her legs were long and slim, accentuated by high spike-heeled
  boots with gold tips. The soft golden hair on her cunt had been trimmed into
  a neat patch to just cover her slit.  
&quot;You're free to leave, but, if you stay, you will become my property,
  for my use, whenever and wherever I demand it.&quot; She softly smiled and
  added, &quot;You will become one of my little pleasure toys.&quot;  
Jack's sexual conquests were many and varied, however, he had never been
  with a dominant woman before and her words sent a shiver of fresh excitement
  through him. 'So that's her little game. Ok.'  
He followed her through the heavy door behind the bar which led to a short
  hallway, then she turned to him. &quot;Take all your clothes off.&quot;  
Jack wasn't a short man and yet, standing there in her heavy boots and with
  her hands on her hips, he felt as if she towered over him.  
Quickly and quietly he undressed, leaving his clothes in a crumpled and untidy
  pile on the floor. He was anxious to get some of her sweet cunt, but then,
  as he stood there totally naked, he began to feel rather uncomfortable. He
  wasn't quite sure why, but suddenly he felt the urge to cover himself, and
  he stood there cupping his hands over his groin in an attempt to conceal his
  erection. For the first time in his life Jack felt vulnerable.  
Slowly she traced the tip of her crop up and down his chest, then down over
  his belly. His uneasiness amused her as she grinned and playfully tapped the
  back of his hands. &quot;This belongs to me now, Jacky.&quot;  
He knew it, and she knew it. So long as he had that massive hard-on pulsating
  between his legs, she would be in control.  
&quot;Now, get down on your hands and knees. Crawl in front of me; I want
  to watch how that sweet slut ass of yours moves,&quot; she said, pointing to
  the floor, then slapping at the tender flesh of his ass cheeks with her crop.  
The stinging pain caused him to flinch and frown. &quot;Hey, that hurt!&quot;  
She chuckled, &quot;Well, it was meant to, wasn't it, you silly boy? Now
  follow me. By the way, my name is Nicole, but you will call me Mistress Nicole.&quot;  
To his amazement, despite his stinging ass, his cock remained hard and he
  was more excited than ever by the idea of fucking her. He dropped down onto
  the floor and she led him into a darkened room. It took a few minutes for his
  eyes to adjust to the dim light. He wondered where he was? It smelt musty and
  the air felt damp. A cellar perhaps...no, nothing quite so innocent. Leather
  whips and metal clamps hung on one wall, chains and cuffs on another. Wooden
  benches, frames, and lengths of rope were strewn about on the floor.  
It's time for your first training session, Jack.&quot; Nicole announced,
  securing a heavy leather collar around his neck. &quot;Now, that's not too
  tight for you, is it?&quot; He glanced up at her and was about to speak, but
  she quickly added, &quot;because it's just too bad if it is.&quot;  
Jack placed his hand to his neck, and as he felt the cool studs on the leather
  he struggled to comprehend it all. 'What am I doing here?' he questioned silently,
  staring down at the cement floor. 'I'm here for a fuck, that's what. Yes, a
  quick fuck, and then I'm out of here. Damn it, I hope Susan isn't waiting up
  for me.'  
Yes, Susan, daughter of the CEO of the firm, that man made life hell for
  many people, especially those who worked under him or happened to get in his
  way, but not for Jack. Now, as his son-in-law, Jack had no trouble with the
  old bastard. Yes, 'Daddy' would do just about anything to keep his 'little
  princess' happy, and Jack used that to his full advantage. Marrying her wasn't
  just the smartest career move he'd ever made, either. An excellent cook and
  homemaker, she was also well groomed, intelligent and sexy - the perfect wife!
  He saw the way men looked at her; he was indeed very lucky, but one woman would
  never be enough to satisfy a man like him.  
Nicole leaned down to attach a metal leash to the collar. Jack turned his
  head slightly and saw her full round tits hanging like exquisite water-filled
  balloons. She straightened up again and gave the leash a sharp jerk. It made
  a jangling sound. &quot;Now, I want to see that sweet slut ass of yours nice
  and high at all times. Do you understand?&quot;  
He felt as if he was dreaming. He swallowed hard and nodded, but this only
  seemed to anger her.  
&quot;'Yes, Mistress Nicole', isn't that what you meant to say?&quot; Jack
  flinched as her crop struck his exposed ass twice with sharp and burning licks.
  It hurt, but again he was astonished at how exciting he found the pain to be  
&quot;Yes, Mistress Nicole,&quot; he whimpered, still grimacing.  
She grinned as he knelt there, on his hands and knees, with his head lowered
  like a naughty puppy. Her heels clicked on the cold hard floor as she walked
  around to face him. She then held her crop to his lips. &quot;Now say 'thank
  you'. Say thank you to little Nicky, Jack. Little Nicky is your friend. Her
  sweet, kisses will teach a slut like you obedience. Now kiss her, Jack, and
  say 'thank you'.&quot;  
He hesitated. He felt that she had gone too far, but then silently argued
  back, 'Just do it. Do whatever the kinky bitch wants, or she won't let you
  fuck her. You do want to fuck her, don't you?'  
&quot;Do it, Jack, or I swear you'll walk out of here with that hard-on in
  your pants.&quot;  
He leaned forward. For moment he hesitated; the crop smelt of worn leather
  and raw sweat - could he really do it? Jack closed his eyes and thought about
  her golden cunt. &quot;Thank you, little Nicky, for teaching me obedience,&quot; he
  whispered, before pursing his lips and gently kissing the tip of her crop.  
'Damn it, did I really just do that?' His head spun in confusion, and then
  he made up his mind. 'I'll have a quick fuck, and then I'm out of here. I'll
  leave and never see this crazy bitch or this stinking place ever again. Never!'  
Nicole walked back around behind him and reached down between his thighs.
  He gasped as he felt her leather-clad hand grip his scrotum.  
&quot;Mmm... nice and heavy balls. I like that in a slut,&quot; she purred,
  bouncing them in her palm, then giving them another squeeze before releasing
  them. &quot;Now sit, and be sure to keep your legs spread wide. I forbid any
  slut in my presence from closing his legs. You got that, Jacky boy?  
&quot;Yes, Mistress Nicole.&quot;  
He knelt back on his heels, his thighs spread wide and his erect cock throbbing
  between them. Moving behind him she leaned down, gently stroked her hands down
  the sides of his arms. He relaxed and inhaled deeply, breathing in the sweet
  intoxicating scent of her feminine arousal combined with that of the leather.
  Gently, she pulled his hands behind his back. He felt her wet and warm tongue
  slowly licking the side of his neck. Closing his eyes he heard himself moaning
  with primal pleasure - pleasure a man gets from a woman's touch - but then,
  suddenly, before he could object, he heard something else - the sound of metal
  clicking as she locked his wrists into a pair of handcuffs.  
'This isn't how it's supposed to be! She never mentioned anything about this,'
  he thought, defiantly pulling at the restraints. 'What am I supposed to do
  now?'  
&quot;Get me out of these things, now!&quot; he demanded.  
Nicole took a deep breath and then, as the smile melted from her lips, she
  raised her leather-clad hand and slapped the side of his face so hard that
  he tumbled sideways on the floor. &quot;I will not tolerate such disrespect
  from any of my whores!&quot;  
His face burned and his head spun as he struggled to lift himself up, but
  before he could, she leaned down and grabbed a handful of his hair, lifting
  him up onto his knees again. Totally dazed, he looked up at her, then his mind
  gradually cleared. 'If this is the way the she wants it, let her have it. I'll
  deal with the bitch later.  
Moving back around in front of him, a faint smile now returned as she looked
  down at his naked and submissive form. His broad shoulders were now slumped
  and his chest rose and fell with each breath as his chin almost touched his
  chest. Nicole licked her lips as she noted his tanned and muscular arms and
  legs. 'Not bad, not bad at all for a man who's probably never done hard day's
  work in his life,' she mused.  
She moved closer; Jack's eyes remained cast down as her womanly scent once
  again filled his nostrils, and he wondered how soon he would get to taste that
  sweet golden pussy of hers? If he had lifted his head up, even just a little,
  his face would surely have touched the velvety folds of her sex.  
It was as if she was reading his mind when she pressed her right boot between
  his legs and told him, &quot;Pussy is too good for a whore like you, Jack;
  you must first earn it. Please me, and I may consider allowing you to lick
  me. Only when I'm satisfied you deserve it will you be allowed to fuck my pussy.&quot; She
  grinned, gently stroking the fine golden hair covering the soft folds of her
  sex with her fingers. &quot;Now you will show me how well you can perform.
  Fuck my boot, slut boy, and fuck it good!&quot;  
What else could he do? His cock throbbed between his legs; he needed relief
  - he needed it badly - but with his hands locked behind his back and her boot
  pressed between his legs, he simply had no choice but to as he was told.  
And so he began to gently rub himself against her boot. Soon his whole body
  burnt with a raw desire like he had never experienced before. Closing his eyes
  he began pumping against the smooth, cool leather. At first he felt extremely
  self-conscious, but soon he became totally immersed in his own pleasure; rubbing
  and jerking his cock harder and faster, remaining open mouthed and panting
  heavily as his saliva began to drip down his chin. The seam across the front
  of her boot began to chafe against the underside of his shaft, but to his consternation
  the discomfort actually increased his arousal.  
She reached down and grabbed his hair, jerking his head back to interrupt
  him. &quot;You will cum only when I give you permission; not a minute before,
  not a minute later.&quot;  
He moaned. His balls ached and weighed heavily between his legs. His cock
  throbbed and ached for immediate release. She held him there in that position
  for some time before grinning down and telling him, &quot;Now, slut, you may
  come.&quot;  
Almost as soon as she spoke those words he climaxed, exploding all over her
  boot with a rush of milky white seed. He didn't stop; he felt compelled to
  keep pumping her boot. It was as if he needed her permission to stop! By the
  time she pulled her foot from between his legs, he was completely spent. His
  cock was flaccid; the underside red and raw, and stinging from his own salty
  sweat. Dampness coated his entire body, and his chest heaved with each breath.
  As he slumped before her, she stood there with her hands on her hips. &quot;Good
  boy, Jacky. Good slut,&quot; she said. &quot;Now, clean this fucking mess up!&quot;  
&quot;How?&quot; Jack asked, between breaths. Maybe now she would uncuff
  his hands?  
Once again she raised her hand and hit him hard across the side of his face.
  Once again, her strength astounded him and he tumbled sideways onto the floor.  
&quot;With your tongue, of course. Now, get to work, whore.&quot;  
That was it; this time she had gone too far - &quot;No more games! I've had
  enough. Now, unlock these damned things will you?&quot; he demanded. It had
  been different and it had been fun, but now it was time for him to leave.  
&quot;Feeling feisty, are you, Jacky? Well, I have a solution for whores
  like you who refuse to obey.&quot;  
He tried to get up, but she pushed her boot against his back, forcing him
  down again. Before he had a chance to try again, she had moved swiftly, looping
  a leather strap around the base of his balls and was pulling on it.  
&quot;No, I can make it a whole lot more uncomfortable than this Jack. So
  are you going to be a good boy now?&quot;  
&quot;No, please. I'll be good. No more,&quot; he begged as his anger began
  to quickly turn to panic and he realized that perhaps his refusal may have
  more permanent consequences.  
&quot;You know, it's kind of funny, Jack, but somehow I knew you were going
  to say that,&quot; she said, sniggering at his obvious discomfort. It's kind
  of funny, but all my boys seem to see things my way when I put it to them like
  this.  
'Just shut up and get this thing off me!' Jack thought as his mind raced. &quot;Please,
  Mistress Nicole,&quot; he whimpered.  
&quot;Oh, so you've had enough now have you, Jacky?&quot; She knelt down
  behind him and loosened the strap. The blood immediately began to flow back
  and he breathed a sigh of relief as he realized his precious balls hadn't seemed
  to suffer any permanent damage.  
He then lowered his face to the floor and began lapping up his own rapidly
  cooling semen. It tasted odd, and he felt a great shame in licking his own
  milky fluid but, for now, he had to do it.  
He felt something from behind being pushed between his legs - a metal bar
  - then leather cuffs being secured around his ankles to either end, forcing
  them to remain spread wide and exposing his ass completely. Suddenly it became
  all too clear to him. She didn't want his cock! She wanted his ass! Nicole
  grabbed hold of the leash and jerked his face away from the wet puddle, then
  laughingly told him, &quot;That's enough, slut; you're enjoying that too much!&quot;  
He heard movement behind him, but was unable to turn sufficiently to see
  what was going on. Fingers. He felt fingers playing around his ass, then poking
  inside it. He tried to tighten his sphincter, but they forced their way in
  regardless, wriggling about.  
&quot;Please, please not my ass,&quot; he begged her, &quot;it's never been
  used like that before!&quot;  
She laughed, &quot;a virgin! You mean I've got myself a sweet, little, virgin
  boy, Jacky? Well, don't you worry about a thing, I promise to be gentle.&quot;  
Only Jack had trouble believing her. "Please Mistress Nicole, look how big
  and hard my cock is. Please use my cock,&quot; he pleaded again, trying desperately
  to convince her.  
His begging, however, was in vain. Nicole had decided she wanted his ass
  and she was going to have it, but then...&quot;You're too dry to fuck!&quot;  
How sweet that sounded to Jack. 'Maybe now she'll use my cock instead' -
  but, no. He felt a warm liquid running over his ass; it trickled down between
  his ass cheeks and onto the floor. Nicole was urinating on him!  
&quot;There, that's much better!&quot; he heard her say, just before her
  crop struck his ass again. &quot;Lift that ass, slut. Now!&quot;  
It was awkward, but Jack managed to bend his knees, lift his ass and keep
  his face pressed down on the floor.  
Something smooth and cool pressed against his rectum. There was no doubt
  when she entered him as, suddenly and without warning, he felt himself being
  stretched and invaded. He howled as she filled him, allowing him no reprieve.  
&quot;Will you just shut up? And don't even think about trying to pull away,&quot; she
  told him, giving his ass another couple of short, sharp slaps with her crop.  
He winced as he felt the burning sting, then closed his eyes tightly and
  let her full thrusts rock him forward. Nicole smiled and listened to his faint
  whimpers. &quot;Take it all, slut. You know you want it!&quot; she hissed.  
With the huge rubber cock now completely buried in his ass, he soon realized
  he was actually using his own muscles around it, tightening and releasing,
  squeezing and feeling the delicious pressure on his prostate gland.  
'The bitch is fucking me! She's using me like some whore faggot! But she's
  a woman, not a man!' Jack reconciled. "Oh, that feels so good!'  
Nicole leaned over him. Her hard nipples grazing over his shoulders as she
  reached one hand under his belly. He felt his balls tighten as she grasped
  his once-again-stiff shaft. Precum now dripped from the tip. &quot;That's it,
  Jacky boy. Show me what a good fuck you are,&quot; she taunted as she cupped
  her fingers over his cock head.  
His face burnt; he felt totally ashamed of his own arousal. Suddenly, no
  longer able to control his lust, his cock exploded for the second time that
  evening, shooting his milky seed all over her leather glove then dripping down
  onto the floor.  
Nicole wrapped her fingers around the base of the strap-on and pulled back,
  extracting it from his deflowered ass.  
Jack remained on his hands and knees with his head hung low as he panted
  like a bitch in heat to regain his breath.  
&quot;Admit it, Jacky; that was damned good!&quot; She told him, giving his
  ass a quick and playful slap with her open hand.  
He tired to speak, but no words would come out. He collapsed onto the floor,
  exhausted and covered in cool sweat, his warm cum sticky against his belly.
  He felt used and abused. His ass had been violated and penetrated. A woman
  had never taken control of him before, and certainly not like that.  
Nicole knelt down beside him and unlocked the handcuffs, then removed the
  leg spreader.  
After a few minutes, he lifted himself up and sat on the floor, rubbing his
  wrists and shaking his head as if trying to wake himself out of a dream.  
She smirked and told him, &quot;Don't deny it, Jack. You've never cum that
  hard before in your life, have you?&quot;  
Jack didn't answer; he didn't need to.  
Everything went black...  
He couldn't be sure how long he had been lying there in the alley. He sat
  up and rested his elbows on his knees, blinking, as he began to regain full
  consciousness.  
Had it been a dream? No - he was naked! He tried to stand up - his ass felt
  tender and raw. He wrinkled his nose, the stringent smell of stale urine filled
  his nostrils. Glancing around, he saw his clothes strewn nearby. He lurched
  over and grabbed his trousers and jacket, checking that his wallet and watch
  were still there. Good, they were exactly where he had tucked them earlier.
  It was almost midnight; he would need to dress quickly and get home, but first
  he would need to find a cheap hotel somewhere to shower and clean up - he rubbed
  his eyes - 'wake up, Jack!'  
Later, as he drove home, he replayed the evening's events in his head. His
  ass felt raw, but he felt good and more satisfied than he could ever remember.
  Sleep would come easily tonight. But what about the welts on his ass? What
  if Susan was still up when he got in? What would he tell her? What would she
  say? How would he explain to her how they got there? He knew she would be extremely
  angry if she were to find out about his infidelity. He stared out at the road
  ahead and began to fantasize about how his wife might punish him for his indiscretion,
  and his cock began to harden again.  
As he staggered through the house towards the bedroom he noticed the light
  on. Susan had waited up for him.  
&quot;Oh you should have gone to sleep, princess,&quot; he said, leaning
  over the bed to gently kiss her forehead.  
&quot;I didn't mind.&quot; She smiled as she rolled over, then as if it was
  an afterthought, she added, &quot;Jack, about that diamond bracelet... you
  know, the one I saw at Ralph's last week.&quot;  
&quot;Honey, how many times to I need to tell you? You don't need jewelry.
  You're beautiful enough without it,&quot; he said, smiling and lifting her
  dainty hand to his lips to gently kiss her fingertips. 'Women - flattery will
  do the trick every time,' he thought smugly. Besides, he had already made his
  mind up to buy that bracelet for Nicole. Yes, a gift like that would surely
  cement their relationship. He would make an excuse to leave the office early
  tomorrow and make visit her in the evening.  
&quot;Oh, Jack, I want it,&quot; she whined, pouting at him, &quot;and Jack,
  we don't want Daddy to find out how hard you've been working lately now, do
  we?&quot;  
Her sweet smile didn't disguise for a moment what she really meant. &quot;Jack,
  I'm feeling so horny right now. I really am,&quot; she said, reclining back
  up and slipping her silky nightgown down to expose her pale shoulders.  
Susan intended to punish him all right, but just not in quite the same way
  he'd been fantasizing about driving home.  
Jack began to panic.  
Jack was no longer in control.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Alex Bragi


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





