BDSM Library - Blame it on the Potion




Blame it on the Potion
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Fran "Volunteers" for a lab experiment.Blame it on the Potion  
By  
Deputy Duffy  
The light coming from the laboratory flooded into the darkened hallway. A
  leggy blonde stood in the shadows, watching the lone figure intently. "Working
  late again Fran?"  
Fran heard the question and the teasing way the beautiful blonde asked it,
  but she didn't respond, as was her way of late. (She knew that she would indeed
  be working late, in the laboratory, once again. It had been nearly six months
  since she came to work for Dr. Winker and she had seemingly become a slave
  to the grind. Her social life taking a back seat once again, this time to her
  work.)  
"Don't forget the lights," the blonde said, before she made her way into
  the darkness. Fran just shook her head, remembering that she had left the lights
  on one night, but more because the blonde had teased her about it, ever since.
  She also shook with an internal anger as to why she always let the blonde have
  her fun. While Fran was highly educated (she had masters in chemistry from
  one of the nation's top Universities), the blonde, who everyone unimaginably
  called Blondie, was just a secretary, and a lousy one at that.  
Fran's mind drifted back to their first meeting. She came in search of a
  job. She had read about Dr. Winker's work in cell research and wanted to put
  her education to good use, as she felt that she had sacrificed so much, even
  finishing at the top of her class, once again. Her favorite professor even
  gave Dr. Winker a call on her behalf.  
She walked into Dr. Winker's office, r&eacute;sum&eacute; in hand. She was
  ever so nervous, so the empty office startled her. She stood in front of the
  lone desk for several nervous minutes, before the office door opened up, and
  in walked the most beautiful creature Fran's eyes had ever laid upon. While
  her beauty was stunning, her business attire also startled Fran. (She sported
  cleavage galore, the shortest of skirts, and amazingly high heels.) Fran's
  heart rate roared, as the blonde moved closer, her perfume captivating, her
  voice sultry, as they chatted. She was so captivated that she even botched
  the interview with the good doctor, but somehow still got the job.  
Fran was snapped back to reality by an overflowing test tube. "Oh darn!" She
  cried out, as she frantically cleaned up the spill. Fran spent the rest of
  the evening in the cold and lonely lab, working on Dr. Winker's project.  
Back at work after only a couple hours of sleep, Fran, with the help of a
  strong Cup of Joe, made her way into the meeting room for the weekly get together.
  She was surprise that her co-workers were already there, as it was a first.
  A nod followed her entrance, as she sat down, giggling at her little joke to
  herself. (Every time she saw the two thirty-something men that she worked with,
  she liked to call them "Mack" and "Myer," after an old TV show. Then when Blondie
  walked in, she giggled some more, as she called her "Jennifer" under her breath,
  after another old TV show. Nick at Night, seemingly her best friend of late.)  
"Dam it to hell," came sputtering out of Dr. Winker's mouth, following his
  entrance into the room. "We're so close too."  
Blondie didn't have a nickname for Dr. Winker. She use to call him "the professor" then "the
  nutty professor" but quickly found out that he wasn't even that bright.  
Her co-workers wanted to know what was up. The doctor went on to inform them
  that their funding for a research assistant had been cut from their budget
  at the last second from "the suits upstairs." The room burst into moans and
  groans of displeasure.  
Fran groaned as well. Then her face flushed, as she remembered the group
  interviews for the assistant position. It was a normal interview, except for
  the simple fact that the candidates had to strip down to their underwear, to
  be hooked up to Dr. Winker's fancy monitoring equipment. Fran also couldn't
  help notice that they were also 90% female. Due to the struggling economy Fran
  hypothesizes, some of the candidates even offered to strip off ALL of their
  clothing, much to Mack and Myer's delight. Fran was relieved that Dr. Winker
  graciously declined their offers, but she was still surprised at just how many
  of them didn't wear bras to their interviews, again much to Mack and Myer's
  delight.  
"What are we gunna do?" Dr. Winker asked. "At the end of the week, everyone
  is coming to see our work!" He held his face in his hands, as he moaned, "we're
  doomed."  
(Fran couldn't help but giggle...her TV thing again.)  
"Well Fran, I'm glad you think it's funny that we will all be looking for
  work, next week!" Dr. Winker said with a glare.  
"No, it's ah, not that," Fran mumbled, her face a flame, as all eyes turned
  to her. "It's just a...I was think...."  
"Let's go spit it out," Blondie snapped.  
"I mean, there has to be another way," Fran said, scratching her head.  
"Not without a test subject and with no money.... We're doomed."  
"We still can have one. I mean there are four of us and you...We, ah you
  need four people to monitor the equipment, right?" Fran said, as she looked
  at Blondie (who again was dressed in little more than glorified underwear).
  Fran even looked at the doctor and then back at Blondie, several times.  
"Very good math Fran, so what are you saying?" The doctor shrugged.  
"Well Blondie can help us...right?" Fran finally spit out, in frustration.  
"Ah, yeah, I guess she could," Dr. Winker said. Fran liked the look on Blondie's
  face when he did. The doctor stood up. "That was a good point. Although, I'm
  surprised at your boldness Fran. I never would have thought that YOU would
  have volunteered."  
"Volunteered?" Fran wondered, as the group suddenly rose, sporting looks
  of relief.  
"Hey wait a sec!" Fran hissed, as Mack and Myer slapped her on the shoulder,
  as they made their way by. They were also chuckling.  
"That's not what I meant!" Fran cried, as Blondie made her way by next, her
  frown turned upside down.  
"Dr. Winker, please we need to talk," she pleaded, as he approached.  
"It's really no sweat Fran, you just lie there anyways. What's to talk about?
  Gee whiz," Dr. Winker said, while he cleaned his coke bottles like glasses,
  as he strolled past.  
"No Sweat!" Fran said, (seeing the irony of a bead of perspiration falling
  down her cheek). "Oh what have I gotten myself into?" Fran was left to wonder
  alone, as the room had quickly cleared out.  
The rest of the day, Fran tried to get the doctor alone, to plead her case,
  but to no avail. Fran found herself alone once again, only now she was working
  on a formula that she would now be ingesting.  
Fran's few hours of sleep, now interrupted with nightmares, of a bra and
  panties existence. While her life back at work was an ever increasing, nervous
  tick-tock of time. Mack and Myer, she could only assume, responsible for the
  small string bikini that she found in her desk. As Blondie was far more bold
  in her teasing. Simply handing Fran a tanning salon's business card. "Just
  strip naked in front of the owner and tan for free, and let him spray you down," she
  whispered into Fran's ear. "I don't know why that's not on the card. It always
  works for me." Fran quickly blushed at the thought. "Plus you could use the
  practice," Blondie whispered into her other ear, before she turned to leave.
  Fran watched her wiggle away.  
The days clicked off painfully slow for Fran, as the tension built. She found
  herself sitting in her one-room apartment, staring at the ceiling, not believing
  that she was only hours away from testing Dr. Winker's potion, in front of "the
  suits." (While testing the potion didn't faze her, as she did most of the work
  on it and was confident that it was safe. She just couldn't get past the simple
  fact that she would be stripping down to her underwear, in front of her co-workers,
  Dr. Winker, and god knows whom else in the observation room. But worst of all,
  in front of Blondie, who always made her feel like an ugly duckling, by comparison.)  
Fran, with tears forming in her eyes, pulled out the string bikini and the
  envelope that Dr. Winker gave her, which he said contained her pre-testing
  instructions, and headed for the bathroom. After a hot shower, she wrapped
  herself in a towel. Sitting on the hopper, she read the instructions.  
Dear Testie: As you know by now, it is very important to follow
      proper procedure, as to not compromise the testing. There is to be no eating
      or drinking 6 hours before the testing time.    
   
"I guess getting shit-faced is out," Fran said with a giggle, before she
  continued to read.  
You will be properly groomed for the test. Please shower, but do
      not use body lotion. Please shave your legs and underarms, as well as all
      of your pubic hair. This is very important as to not contaminate the results.   
The instructions went on, but Fran couldn't get past the shaving part. (She
  always shaved her legs and underarms, but never dreamed of shaving her pussy.
  She thought only "bad girls" did that. Plus with her love life, there was really
  no need. Her pillow didn't mind the fur coat.)  
Fran slowly slipped her towel apart, her face flushing as her dark full bush
  appeared. She got up and began pacing the floor, building up some courage,
  while also trying to figure a way out of her predicament. "Me and my big mouth!" She
  groaned, as she finally sat back down and grabbed her scissors. Stopping to
  take one last look, before she started trimming away. While the trimming when
  fairly smoothly, the shaving did not, as it was her first time. So she struggled
  with her technique and her composer. A small tear even rolled down her cheek,
  when she was finished.  
She spent some time examining her freshly shaved pussy, with the aid of a
  small hand held mirror. She was looking, and feeling much like a girl again,
  while exploring herself for the first time. Only she was a grown woman and
  knew there was nothing wrong with what she was doing now, as she ran two fingers
  up and down her prominent pussy lips. She cringed at just how prominent they
  were, as if she had forgotten. Dark pink, filling her eyes, matching her cheeks.
  An audible moan escaped from her mouth, as her finger swooshed inside of her
  pussy. Her body responded to her touch, yet she still felt shameful and suddenly
  stopped, before she finished the deed.  
Instead she took another shower, only it was a cold one this time. After
  drying off, she grabbed the bikini. She struggled with the strings, as she
  had never had the courage to wear one before. Finally in the bikini, she moved
  in front of her full-length mirror, quickly wincing at the barely covered reflection
  staring back at her. (Not even from body issues, as she had been giving a fortunate
  set of genes. She was having problems with, just how much this bikini showed,
  of her womanly curves.) She suddenly jumped out of the mirror's grasp and headed
  for her underwear draw. She spent some time fishing around, before grabbing
  the most conservative white cotton bra and panties set she could find.  
"These will have to do," she moaned, still not happy, as she stared at her
  reflection again. But she was determined to get through this. She didn't want
  to start the job search, cattle call, again. She almost laughed at the silliness
  of being scared to be seen in her undies in front of others, at her age. "I'll
  just pretend that their in their underwear too, like in that Brady Bunch episode," she
  told herself.  
Fran watched TV for a couple of hours, before she dressed in her work clothes
  and headed out the door. She got off the elevator and walked into the lab.
  She got there early, so it was empty, except for the nighttime janitor, who
  was busy cleaning the seats in the observation room, which she knew would be
  filled with fannies, soon.  
"Hi Fran. You're early," the elderly janitor said when he spotted her.  
"Yeah, I guess," Fran offered.  
    
"Well, we are all cleaned up and ready to go for yah," he said with a smile.  
"That's good," Fran moaned.  
"I'll see yah later," the janitor said, as he turned to leave. He was also
  chuckling, which Fran thought was odd.  
Fran moved over to the exam table. She hesitated, before sliding onto the
  table, lying on her back. Her eye's squinted from the bright light hanging
  overhead, acting like a spotlight, only Fran didn't feel like a star.  
"Well at least the people in the observation room will only get to see the
  souls of my feet, once I'm on the table," Fran said. (It was her first positive
  thought of the day.) "How did I get myself into this? Man I'm an idiot," was
  her next thought, as she was back to her negative waves.  
Fran heard some voices, a short time later, and jumped off the table, just
  before her co-workers entered the room. Blondie, who walked right up to her,
  handing her a red silk robe, quickly followed them. "Here you go Fran."  
Fran gasped, as she held the silky material in her hands, but she also gasped
  at Blondie's outfit. (A leopard print dress, that barely contained her large
  breasts and was obscenely short. She also wore stripper like, silver stiletto
  heels.)  
"There called tits Fran," Blondie teased, as she caught Fran's roaming eye.  
"I know," Fran embarrassingly mumbled, as her face burned. "Remember I have
  some."  
"Well, we shall see," Blondie sneered, just a Dr. Winker approached. Blondie
  turned to leave, not before a giggle and slipping in a wink.  
"Hi Fran," Dr. Winker said, before he added, "ah, nice robe."  
"Yeah."  
"I know, why don't you go and put it on," Dr. Winker said.  
"What?" Fran gasped.  
"Yeah, go to the women's room and take off all your clothes and put it on."  
"Ah, we're not, ah, ready to start.... Already?" Fran stammered.  
"No, but you'll be ready."  
"Nah, I think I'll skip the robe," Fran snapped, as she trembled with the
  thought of working in the silky, sexy, robe. It also just smelled of sex.  
"Ok, suit yourself," Dr. Winker said before he pointed to the door. "Betta
  get my potion ready."  
"Ok," Fran could only nod. (She turned to leave in a huff, because she knew
  whose potion it really was and because it reminded her just who was going to
  be drinking it.) Fran spent the next several hours working on the taste of
  the potion, in the small backroom. Her secret weapon, children's cough medicine.
  She had been a sickly child and had gotten accustomed to its taste. (Only she
  wasn't a child anymore, yet in her predicament, she was certainly feeling childish.)  
"It's almost time Fran," Blondie said, entering the small room. "The doc
  wants me to help you."  
"Help me?" Fran glared.  
 "With your hair and makeup."  
"What for?" Fran snapped.  
"Well you are going to be the center of attention," Blondie teased. "Plus
  Fran, a little makeup once in a while, wouldn't kill yah."  
"No thanks...I'm not a model."  
"Well today you are, so just shut up and turn around," Blondie spat, as she
  spun around Fran's stool and roughly grabbed her by the face, and began to
  powder it. Blondie spent some time on her eyes next and finished by applying
  a fresh coat of fire engine red lipstick. (Fran tried to remain calm, but Blondie
  always made her nervous. And it didn't help that when she brushed Fran's hair,
  she was standing right in front of Fran. Her breasts swaying inches away from
  Fran's face. Her fragrance filling Fran's senses.)  
"Ok, Fran, all set," Blondie said, after she sprayed Fran's hair, with half
  a can of hair spray. "Looking good, if I don't say so myself."  
"Stop teasing me, Blondie."  
"Trust me Fran, you're hot.... Now how 'bout that robes?" Blondie said, as
  she held up the small red robe. Fran's heart raced just staring at it. "C'mon
  Fran, stand up and strip out of them dull duds."  
"I-I ah...I m-m-mean...." Fran stuttered. "Strip?"  
"C'mon Fran, it's just us girls," Blondie said, before she snapped. "Now
  go ahead, strip it!"  
Fran's body shook as Blondie said it, and Fran finally mumbled "that she
  had a little more work to do."  
"Suit yourself Fran, I just thought you might look nice in it," Blondie said,
  as she turned to leave. "Be out there in ten minutes."  
Fran looked at the clock. She had finished her work already, so she just
  watched, as the hands of time marched on, in front of her eyes. Even though
  she willed it to stop, the ten minutes flew by. She opened the door and walked,
  with knocking knees, into the lab.  
Fran's eyes blinked as she tried to adjust to the bright lights. Her senses
  flooded with imagery. First she saw that the exam table was moved to the front
  of the room, right next to the glass window, which separated the lab, from
  the observation room. Then she noticed the two video cameras focused on the
  exam table. Her eyes shifted to Mack and Myer, who were stationed at their
  monitors, only feet away from the table. Each wearing wide grins, as she approached.
  She also figured the cameras must have been their idea.  
Fran slowly inched towards the exam table. She could see blurry faces of
  spectators, sitting on other side of the glass. She noticed a couple more bodies
  still filing in. She began to panic, as she didn't except so many and they
  all appeared to be men. She noticed "the suits from upstairs" front and center.  
Fran started scanning faces, stopping when she saw familiar ones. There was
  her old high school teacher and principle, who was sitting next to the gray
  haired professor that helped her find this job. She suddenly noticed Dr. Winker's
  18-year-old son and his buddies, in the crowd. She could only shake her head
  when she noticed that they were eating popcorn. She noticed the old janitor
  sitting in the back row with two other old guys passing a brown paper bag back
  and forth. When he caught her eye, she instantly remembered his earlier chuckling.
  She could only cringe as he "toasted" her.  
She noticed a couple other familiar faces, but couldn't place them, before
  the observation room went dark.  
"Hi Fran, ready?" Dr. Winker asked as he tapped her on the shoulder. Fran
  jumped.  
"What the frig!" Fran screamed out.  
"Sorry Fran, I Didn't mean to surprise you and WOW speaking of surprises...you
  look good Fran. I mean really good," Dr. Winker said, as his eyes lit up.  
"What?" Fran snapped.  
"I mean your makeup and hair, you look, ah pretty," Dr. Winker mumbled.  
"Oh, sorry, I ah, forgot," Fran said, as she looked to the floor, not use
  to complements about her looks. "Thanks."  
"Well, are we ready Fran?" Dr. Winker said, as Fran noticed Blondie on the
  other side of the exam table, running her hands over the table's surface, like
  a model, a wicked smile on her face. She even blew her a kiss.  
"Fran hello...it's time," Dr. Winker said, snapping his fingers.  
"Oh, sorry, I guess, I'm nervous," Fran mumbled (in a gross under statement.)  
"Yeah, I can see that," Dr. Winker said with a chuckle. "Just remember that
  you're a professional and more importantly, all of our jobs are on the line
  here."  
"You're not helping," Fran whispered. But Dr. Winker began his speech to
  the crowd of onlookers, now sitting in the dark. After a ten-minute speech,
  (all of which Fran trembled through with thoughts of running away, dancing
  in her head.) Dr. Winker suddenly turned to introduce Fran. She heard some
  muffled applause coming from the spectators. Her face flushed.  
"All right Fran, we are ready," Dr. Winker said, as he motioned for her to
  come forward. Fran was lightheaded as she instinctively came forward. (The
  overhead light acting like a spotlight, although for the second time today,
  Fran didn't feel like a star.)  
"Well Fran, we are waiting."  
"Waiting for what?" Fran said with a shrug.  
"Waiting for you to disrobe, so we can start."  
"Just like that?"  
Dr. Winker just nodded his head. Fran looked ahead, and then at the cameras,
  and then at her co-workers, each offering little comfort. She also thought
  she heard someone suddenly holler "strip the bitch," from behind the glass.  
After kicking her shoes off and sliding them under the exam table, Fran looked
  down at the white lab coat that she always wore. She unbuttoned the top button,
  and then the next, until she had it unbuttoned. When she finished she just
  stared ahead at the darkened silhouettes watching her.  
"Here, let me hang that up," Dr. Winker finally said. He moved closer and
  slid the coat off of Fran and hung it up on a wooden clothes tree, attached
  to the head of the exam table. He turned around and stood off to Fran's side. "Ah,
  snap it up Fran...times money."  
Dr. Winker, tiring of Fran's stalling ways, finally decided that her white
  blouse was next. "Let's have the blouse."  
Fran, with trembling hands, slowly unbuttoned it. Dr. Winker again helped
  her, by sliding it off her shoulders. Fran quickly covered her bra-covered
  breasts, with her arms, which brought out some giggling from Blondie. She also
  cringed, hearing "nice hooters lady," followed by some applause, from the other
  side of the glass.  
"Please, no comments from the peanut gallery," Blondie said loudly. Fran
  figured that she must have heard them too.  
"Sorry Fran," Dr. Winker said, as he pointed to her skirt. "Please continue."  
Fran could already feel the heat of her co-worker's stares. She also already
  knew that her skirt was next. She mustered up some courage and unzipped it
  and slid it down her legs. (Fran was now wishing she had worn the red robe
  after all, because stripping, in front of a crowd of onlookers, was almost
  unbearable. She also realized that the "Brady Brunch" thing wasn't working
  for her.)  
Dr. Winker picked up and then hung up her skirt, as Fran moved next to table,
  yearning for its shelter.  
"Ah, Fran, not yet," Dr. Winker said, as he held his arm in front of her,
  brushing her breasts.  
"What?" Fran quickly shot.  
"I need you to take off the bra, too."  
"Yeah right!" Fran snapped, almost as quickly as Dr. Winker said it. She
  also wondered if the "brush" was accidental now.  
"Listen here Fran," Dr. Winker said, as he grabbed Fran's arm and pulled
  her close to him. He whispered into her ear. "Look, just do it...it's for proper
  testing...and don't you dare embarrass me in front of my bosses."  
("Oh yeah, embarrass YOU," Fran quickly thought. "You're not the one with
  the TITS.")  
"Now get that bra off!" Dr. Winker said, as he let go of her arm. "Or I'll
  rip it off!" Fran frantically looked around the room, unsure of which way to
  turn. There were eyes in all directions. She wiped a bead of sweat from her
  brow, (even in the 55-degree room that had already hardened Fran's brown nipples.)  
Fran slid her left arm under her bra and with the other lifted it over her
  head and handed it to Dr. Winker, who hung it up, while Fran quickly tried
  to get on the table, once again.  
"Hold on a sec!" Dr. Winker snapped. "Aren't you forgetting something?" Fran
  instinctively grabbed her panties with her right hand. "That's right, them
  too."  
"NO WAY!" Fran screamed.  
"Lower your voice!" Dr. Winker barked. "I thought you knew that you were
  going to have your temperature taken during the exam."  
"Yeah I d-d-did," Fran mumbled. "In my mouth."  
"Silly girl. You also know that you will have a breathing tube. Right? Can't
  do both in there," Dr. Winker teased.  
"Then.... Oh My God!" Fran shrieked.  
"That's right! We're going to have to use the good ole' fashion rectal thermometer," Dr.
  Winker said, seemingly loud enough so everyone could hear.  
Fran could here some rumbling from the spectators, as she fumbled for some
  words. "Please, I don't think."  
Dr. Winker pulled her next to him again. "You betta think! Look you might
  not respect me, but you will respect the jacket!" He sneered, pointing to his
  white doctor's jacket.  
Fran had her panties half way off, before she realized that she didn't even
  know what that meant, but they were soon wrapped around her ankles, so it was
  too late anyways. She used her hand to cover her crotch, as she stepped out
  of them, quickly kicking them under the exam table. She watched in horror,
  as Dr. Winker bent down and picked them up. He held them up and shook them
  out, before he hung them up on the tree. Fran cringed, noticing her clothes
  were piled up, in the exact opposite way, in which she took them off. It reminded
  her that she was now buck-naked.  
Blondie caught Fran's eye, as she motioned for her to lie down, on the table.
  Fran let out a sigh, as she finally slid onto the table. Her eyes, staring
  into the bright lights. Her back, experiencing the table's cold surface. Fran
  folded her hands over her chest and squeezed her thighs together, while trying
  to adjust into a comfortable position, on the small table.  
"Now just relax, and try to bring your heart rate down," Dr. Winker said,
  as grabbed her by the right wrist. Fran's head snapped up as Blondie also grabbed
  her by the right ankle. She heard the distinctive sound of Velcro straps being
  opened and then closed. She was strapped to the table, before she realized
  what they had just done. She tried to pull away, but the Velcro was doing its
  job. Fran could only offer a plea of mercy, as her other wrist and ankle quickly
  followed.  
When they backed away from her, Fran squirmed about helplessly on the table.
  Her face aflame now, as she didn't have anything to hide her nudity.  
(She suddenly remembered last night's shaving episode and quickly looked
  down at her pussy. She could see it, and she knew everyone else could too,
  but at least her pussy lips were tightly snuggled together, guarding her hidden
  treasure. She also tried to remember if she ever saw the straps, or the metal
  leg extensions that her legs were now strapped into, before. She even let out
  a nervous laugh as she thought to herself, "if you're trying to get my heart
  rate down, ah, this ain't helping the cause, guys!")  
Blondie approached again. Fran's body flinched, as Blondie applied the first
  sticky pad, and then the next. Fran knew these were for the EKG machine. (She
  just shook her head, suddenly realizing that Blondie was doing her job. All
  those years of studying and studying. The night classes she took to become
  a certified EMT. And now a lowly secretary was doing her job, while she lay
  there like some medical model, and a naked one at that.)  
Fran flinched again as Dr. Winker pricked her with a needle, to start an
  IV, which would then be used to monitor her blood. He hooked her up to his
  fancy blood monitoring machine, while Blondie continued. (Fran was kind of
  surprised that Blondie put the pads in the proper spots.)  
With the pads in place, Blondie began hooking up the EKG wires, as Dr. Winker
  returned and quickly slipped a medical halo on Fran's head, which she knew
  was used to record her brain waves. Dr. Winker moved onto the breathing apparatus
  next, which was like an egged shaped ball, with a breathing tube burrowed through
  the middle. Fran opened wide. (She could have sworn that Dr. Winker seemed
  to enjoy slipping it into her mouth.) He even had to do it a couple of times, "to
  get the proper fit," he said. (Fran's stomach turned, realizing the metaphor.)
  But Fran didn't have long to fret that, as she suddenly felt her legs rising,
  as they followed along with the leg extensions that Dr. Winker's was lifting.
  Fran tried to lift her head, but the halo held her head in place. Her eyes
  started to well up, as she realized that she was now in a sitting position,
  only lying on her back, and because she knew what was next.  
Fran's whole body shook, as she heard the distinctive sound of a rubber glove
  being snapped on, (even though she knew it was coming.) She started blinking
  her eyes furiously to try to clear them. When they cleared somewhat, she saw
  Blondie applying some lubricant to Dr. Winker's extended index finger.  
Dr. Winker turned his attention back to Fran, who felt her legs being lifted
  a little higher and spread a little wider. She suddenly realized the leg thingies
  could be moved into any position that they desired. She noticed Dr. Winker
  pause. He was acting like he was checking to see if she was in the proper position.
  She also noticed a sly smile on his face.  
("Or is he just admiring the view?" She quickly thought, before she wanted
  to scream, "Hey doc! Close my legs! I ain't having a baby here.")  
"Just relax Fran...remember I'm a doctor," Dr. Winker said, just as she felt
  the coolness, of the lubrication, on her anus. (Fran wanted to scream at him
  again that he was a doctor of science, and not a medical doctor, but then she
  tried to scream at him to get his finger out of her asshole, but with the rubber
  egg in her mouth, all's came out was murmured gargling.)  
Fran felt relief, as his finger withdrew, but not before it did some twisting
  and turning. Fran could only bite her oral obstruction, as she quickly felt
  the thermometer start its invasion, causing tears of pain and humiliation to
  flow. Her body fluttered on the table as Dr. Winker slowly pressed the thermometer
  deeper. Fran didn't know the thermometer's girth, but knew it was much larger
  than DR. Winker's finger. Fran struggled to break free. The bonds again doing
  there job.  
Fran felt a hand on her chin and heard Blondie's voice. "It's alright Fran...the
  worst is over now...just try to relax.... I know honey, I know." Blondie used
  a soft cloth to dab some of Fran's tears. "Plus you're going to ruin my makeup
  job," she added with a giggle.  
"C'mon sissy! Don't embarrass me in front of all these people."  
As soon as Dr. Winker said it, more tears started to flow. (Fran wisely wanted
  to thank him for the reminder, as she almost forgot the view the spectators
  must have of her.) She watched in horror, as one of her co-workers, moved one
  of the cameras, so that it seemed to be focused right in-between her legs.
  (She realized that her humiliating day on the table was to be preserved forever.)  
"Give her a couple of seconds. Now just go away," Blondie whispered to Dr.
  Winker, who huffed, and turned to address the crowd. (Fran was a little surprised
  by Blondie. Today was the first time Fran could remember that she stuck up
  for her.)  
Fran closed her eyes and tried to relax, as she knew they needed to bring
  her levels down. She also knew that she was helpless. The room suddenly flooded
  with soft music. Blondie also shut off all the lights, except for the light
  directly over the exam table. Only a cone of light lit up Fran, now.  
After ten minutes, Dr. Winker announced he was satisfied with her readings.
  He took off Fran's breathing apparatus. Before she could even utter a word,
  he poured a test tube of liquid down Fran's throat. Fran was now choking on
  the potion that she had worked so hard on. The liquid quickly burned her mouth
  and throat. The breathing apparatus was snapped back into place, as the liquid
  continued its journey. Fran was left alone for ten minutes again as the potion
  went to work. (Fran knew that she just went past the point of no return.)  
Dr. Winker called out "time" and they all recorded their readings, which
  brought Dr. Winker and Blondie back up to the table again. Dr. Winker simply
  grabbed the rectal thermometer and pulled it out. He quickly wiped it off and
  took a reading. Fran could only wince as it entered her, once again. (Fran
  also winced because she knew that the test was set for one hour, and then the
  cool down, so this would happen five more times.)  
Time moved painfully slow for Fran now, as she began to perspire under the
  light's rays, and from the heat of her coworker's stares. The potion was also
  kicking in, making Fran's body tingle all over. It felt like armies of ants
  were marching over her skin. Her senses seemed to be on high alert.  
Each time Dr. Winker checked Fran's temperature, the feeling seemed to become
  more intense. The discomfort of earlier, now replaced with twinges of pleasure.
  On the fourth temperature check, Dr. Winker even changed to a larger rectal
  thermometer, which stretched Fran's anal cavity to its limits. He slowly twisted
  it in. His actions caused Fran's body to shudder, with a mixture of pleasure
  and pain. It also spiked her readings.  
Blondie, following Dr. Winker's orders, used a soft cloth to help soak up
  some of Fran's perspiration. She started with Fran's face and then down her
  neck. Fran's head was in a fog, but she still knew what was next, as then she
  felt pressure on her breasts. Her nipples had become almost painfully erect,
  as her body tingled with sensations, especially as the cloth was dragged across
  each bumpy nub. Blondie continued her dance down Fran's body, finally resting
  on her pubic bone. She folded the damped cloth before she patted Fran's glistening
  pussy. Blondie flashed Fran a devious smile, but Fran had her eyes closed,
  as she couldn't bear to watch. Blondie checked her work by running her finger
  from the top of Fran's pussy, to the bottom. Fran's eye's suddenly snapped
  open, as she could have sworn she felt Blondie's finger, slip quickly inside
  of her aroused opening.  
Fran strained her eyes, but Blondie had turned and returned to her station.
  Fran's eyes bulged. ("Oh my god!" She thought. Seeing that her pussy lips were
  no longer tightly nestled together. Instead they fell to the sides, like a
  drunken rose. Her hidden treasure now exposed, for all to see.)  
Fran was painfully aware of her body's aroused state for the next two temperature
  checks. She was never so happy as when Dr. Winker announced that the hour was
  finally over, and that she would need a ten-minute cool down.  
Fran's happiness was brief however, as she noticed the door to the observation
  room open up. She cringed, watching the spectators start flowing into the lab.
  Many of them were offering their congratulations to Dr. Winker, while many
  used the opportunity to get a closer look at Fran.  
She was suddenly surrounded with onlookers, many not even disguising their
  ogling. The suits. Her former teachers. The old janitors. All of them were
  discussing her naked body. Many poking and prodding. All while Fran frantically
  strained against her bounds. Dr. Winker's son even used the opportunity to
  tweak Fran's erect nipple. (Fran's cool down period, anything but.) Suddenly
  Fran's racing heart, caused an alarm to go off. The piercing buzzing sound,
  instantly filling the room. Blondie moved over and shut it off.  
"All right, show time is over," Blondie announced, as she returned and noticed
  the old janitor openly groping Fran's breast. She slapped Dr. Winker's son
  on the back of the head, noticing that he was fingering Fran's asshole. Fran
  was mortified. "Let's go. There's a bar across the street. Some of you guys
  look like you could use a beer, or a cold shower!"  
Blondie let her co-workers gather their data, and their tapes, and then noticed
  they were needlessly lingering.  
"C'mon guys, I think she has had enough!" Blondie snapped. She shooed, the
  reluctant to leave men, out the door. "Men!" She sighed, as she moved back
  over to Fran and began to pull off the sticky pads. Dr. Winker took off the
  halo, and then he just stood and watched Blondie.  
"Ah, you too," Blondie moaned.  
"Me? But this is my lab!" Dr. Winker snapped.  
"Yeah, and this is my pussy," Blondie said, lifting up her dress. "And if
  you want some more of this...you'll leave now."  
Dr. Winker stood in stunned silence for a couple of seconds, before he bolted
  for the door. Blondie giggled, and then she started removing the breathing
  apparatus from Fran's mouth. Blondie also read her face. "Don't look at me
  like that. I don't even have college diploma, and I make more money than you
  do!"  
"Blondie, could you please free me," Fran said, overlooking Blondie's confession,
  (because she was still painfully aware of her nakedness, and her humiliating
  position, while it also didn't really surprise her.)  
"No problem," Blondie chirped and Fran quickly sighed. Blondie moved in-between
  Fran's legs. "All in due time."  
"What?" Fran quickly snapped.  
"Just have to clean up first," Blondie said, picking up a thermometer. "This
  is the biggest rectal thermometer I could find."  
"Huh?" Fran shrugged.  
"I mean, I saw, seen." Blondie mumbled. (Admiring her purchase.) "It's big
  eh?"  
"Yeah, it was...pretty big...." Fran suddenly cried out, when Blondie slowly
  slid it back into her asshole. "What the!"  
"Just kidding Fran," Blondie said, taking it back out. "I just wanted to
  know how that feels. You know, to slide something up a woman's ass like that.
  Doc, seemed to enjoy it."  
 "Can you at least put my legs down? I'm starting to cramp," Fran pleaded,
  quickly realizing that Blondie was back to her teasing ways.  
"Sure, just let me get this," Blondie said. Then she used a damp towel to
  clean Fran's anus. Fran could only roll her eyes, as Blondie whistled as she
  worked.  
"Well, that's good enough, for now," Blondie said, before she lowered the
  rails that held Fran's legs up, but left them spread apart. Fran moaned her
  thanks, as the blood rushed down her legs.  
"Do you know my place is on the top floor? Maybe you should come up for a
  hot bath?" Blondie said, rubbing Fran's thigh.  
"Yeah," Fran nodded. "I mean, yeah I knew you lived upstairs!"  
"It would be easier," Blondie said, as she moved over to the sink.  
"Ah, Blondie, I can wash myself." Fran moaned, watching Blondie wet a facecloth.
  (What she didn't see was that Dr. Winker had snuck into the darkened observation
  room.)  
"Yeah, I know, but what fun would that be," Blondie purred, as she strolled
  back and simply dropped the facecloth onto Fran's stomach. Blondie grabbed
  the cloth and started making small circles over her belly button. "Now which
  way do I go from here?"  
Fran was going to offer a plea, but knew it was futile.  
"Do I go up here and wash your big boobies?" Blondie teased, as she ran the
  cloth up to, but stopped just under the swell of Fran's breasts. "Or do I go
  down here and wash your shaved pussy? You BAD girl."  
Fran wanted to protest at Blondie's teasing, but just couldn't find the words.
  She felt totally helpless, and yet she never remembered being more excited.
  Blondie had never looked at her like this before.  
"I think I'll start with these," Blondie said, running the cloth up onto
  Fran's left breast. "Who knew you had these, under that silly white lab thingy,
  you always wear. You must be at least a D cup. And your nipples, I've never
  seen nipples this big before."  
Fran closed her eyes, but not her ears. Blondie continued washing Fran's
  breasts, paying particular attention to her nipples, while also continuing
  her teasing talk. "Fran, if you could have seen the look on your face when
  Dr. Winker told you to take off your bra! I'm not even sure that was necessary,
  but they all seemed to enjoy it, when you did. I know I did."  
Fran opened an eye briefly, as the cloth finally left her breasts and started
  to make its way lower and lower.  
"And then when he told you, to lose the panties too, I thought you might
  wet yourself." Blondie purred, as the cloth ran over Fran's inner thighs. "But
  you were a trooper...I'll give you that...I mean you took one for the team,
  ah literally, I might add."  
Fran's body flinched, as the cloth ran over her pussy. Blondie continued
  her teasing. "I mean, being spread out like that...butt naked...your pussy...shaved
  bare...your lips in a state of arousal... never mind with that thermometer
  sticking out of your ass."  
"Please," Fran gasped, feeling Blondie spread her pussy open again. "And
  then I remember I spread you out, like this." Blondie purred, her finger running
  up and down Fran's pussy. "And then."  
"YEAH, I KNOW!" Fran snapped, finally trying to put a stop to Blondie's teasing.  
 "OH! Did I hit a nerve? Ah, sorry 'bout that Fran. I guess I couldn't help
  myself. I mean I could smell your arousal. I just had to see if you were as
  wet as you looked...and when your pussy lips just fell apart...I mean sometimes
  I get turned on...but...."  
"I wasn't turned on!" Fran snapped.  
"Really?" Blondie said with a giggle. "That's not what my nose and my eyes
  told me."  
"Well I w-wasn't, or m-maybe it was the potion," Fran mumbled. "Now free
  me please. Ah, I think I'm clean down there, now."  
"Yes you are," Blondie said, licking her finger, before dropping the damp
  cloth on Fran's stomach again. "Ok Fran, I'll free yah, and maybe I'll buy
  that potion excuse, but answer me this. How did it feel knowing all eyes were
  on you? All eyes on your naked body? Your breasts? Your big brown erect nipples?
  Your exposed pussy? All that offered up for the taking? Hmmm Fran?"  
Fran's face flushed again with the questions. But mostly because Blondie
  dragged a fingernail across an erect nipple, as she spoke.  
"How did it feel Fran? You had to know that every man was fantasying about
  having you, devouring you, fucking you, enslaving you," Blondie purred, as
  she leaned her head down towards Fran's chest. "I know I was thinking about
  licking your breasts," she said, before her tongue followed her words. Blondie
  took a couple of licks, before she sucked on Fran's left nipple.  
Her head swirling, Fran could only muster a feeble protest. "Please, oh,
  please."  
"Biting your nipple."  
Fran shrieked out, as Blondie did so, as she did when she bit the other one.  
"Please, Blondie stop," Fran cried out, as Blondie raked her nipple in between
  her tongue and her teeth. She moaned her thanks, when Blondie finally did,
  but not before leaving her with raw nipples.  
"Kissing their way down your stomach," Blondie said, while again following
  her words. "And then licking your pussy," she mumbled, before she brought her
  tongue down and split Fran's pussy into two halves, which brought out a gasp
  from Fran. (It was the first, for Fran.) "Sucking your clit." Blondie suddenly
  brought her whole face down onto Fran's pussy, and sucked on her clit hood.
  Fran moaned with delight. "Fucking... your wet...moist...pussy," Blondie said,
  in between breaths, and as she slowly added her middle finger to her sucking.
  Fran half-heartedly, begged her to stop. (She wanted it, but not like this.)
  Suddenly Blondie stood up with a giggle, but her finger never left Fran's pussy. "Stop...but
  I wasn't finished," Blondie said, wiping her face with her other hand. "Your
  mouth says stop, but your pussy says, go, go, go."  
"Please...I...ah.... Owww!" Fran's plea, seemingly turning into a drawn out
  moan.  
"Like I was saying, and with that thermometer, you know, sticking out of
  your ass, they were all wishing that was them...their cocks buried in your
  ass...fucking you like a farm animal," Blondie said, while pressing a finger
  into Fran's asshole.  
"Please don't tease me anymore," Fran mumbled. "And not in there!"  
"Please. I know I would have. I mean, if I had a cock," Blondie said, looking
  into Fran's face, while her middle finger was quickly snapping back and forth,
  inside of Fran's pussy. Her other middle finger, buried deep in her asshole. "I
  do have a cock, you know."  
"Oh, not like that Fran!" Blondie quickly snapped, reading Fran's face. "It's
  a strap on, and it's bigger than most men's cocks."  
"You like girrrr.... OH PLEASE.... Don't make me come!" Fran moaned out.  
"Yeah, I enjoy the company of women, as well as men. And if you lie and tell
  me that you don't want me, then I'll free you and you will never and I mean
  NEVER have me," Blondie said, all while her thumb began to circle Fran's clit.  
Fran's head was swirling. (She had been fantasizing about Blondie since the
  day they first met, but she also grew to hate her, and her teasing ways. But
  Blondie's long finger was also doing its magic. Fran tried to speak, but her
  voice was replaced with a squeal, as Blondie's thumb found her throbbing clit,
  as well. Fran knew she was losing the battle.)  
"It's ok Fran, I'll let your body do the talking," Blondie said, as Fran's
  body began thrashing on the table, testing the clutch of her restraints, one
  more time. Audible moans were also filling the air, as Blondie gushed. "That's
  it Fran. Cum for me baby...cum for me, you little whore.... Just think of how
  many guys are going to whack-off tonight, to your naked, helpless image."  
Fran's body finally slowed after a series of powerful quivers and some loud
  cries of pleasure. Blondie slowly withdrew her finger from her pussy and brought
  it up to Fran's mouth. Fran was a little reluctant at first, but she finally
  sucked her own juices from Blondie's persistent finger. Blondie used the wet
  cloth to clean up her other hand and Fran's pussy and asshole, while Fran caught
  her breath. (She also wondered if the potion had anything to do with just how
  powerful her orgasm was.)  
Blondie finally un-strapped her from the table. Fran rubbed her freed wrists,
  as her focus slowly returned. Blondie left the room as Fran sat up on the table,
  trying to get some feeling back into her legs. Blondie returned and held up
  the red robe again. Fran slid to her feet and finally made her way into the
  robe. Fran was a little puzzled and a little mad that Blondie had just taken
  advantage of her helpless body.  
Blondie stuffed her discarded clothes into a large handbag. "C'mon, that
  was just the appetizer," Blondie said, as she reached out and took Fran's soft
  hand. "Just wait until the main coarse, and if you're nice, I just might just
  fuck you up the ass tonight with my strap-on."  
(Fran wasn't sure if she was ready for that, or if she could ever face her
  boss, or her co-workers again, after all that she just went through.) She was
  still holding Blondie's hand, as they waited for the elevator. Looking into
  Blondie's blue eyes, she knew it was now or never, although she was still a
  little afraid to make her fantasies, a reality. She even giggled to herself,
  as she thought "there's always another night of 'Nick at Night.'"  
Blondie suddenly pressed her lips into Fran's, and gave her a soft passionate
  kiss. She brought Fran's hand up and placed it on her breast. Fran squeezed
  it softly. Blondie broke away when the elevator opened. "How was that Fran?
  You see I have a soft side, too."  
Fran could only nod. (The feel of her full lips. The firmness of her breast.
  It was overwhelming. She was trying to fight it, but she was losing control
  again.)  
"C'mon Fran...you won't be disappointed," Blondie said, as if she was reading
  Fran's mind.  
She helped Fran into the elevator. "Plus you can always, blame it on the
  potion."  
The End  
Thanks for reading my story, and thanks for your time.  
Please send me your comments.  
Stonedog99_1999@yahoo.com  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Deputy Duffy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





