BDSM Library - Two Of A Kind




Two Of A Kind
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: See what happens when two people reveal that they are born for each other...one ot serve, other to be served.TWO OF A KIND   
BY M.M.   
My name is Anita. When I reached age
    of 22, I was relatively an experienced girl; I had several boyfriends until
    then and, mostly with all of them, I had good times. However, something was
    missing; all of my previous boyfriends were macho types; cocky and masculine.
    What I wanted was someone not so thought; I wanted a guy that was gentle
    and submissive. As much as my appearance doesn't show it, I am a dominant
    person.   
I wanted to find someone I could dominate;
    both, in general and sexual way, but only a man who would want me to be that
    way with him. I am not some man-hating bitch; what I wanted was just to play
    games. Every time I tried to impose that on some guy, no matter how discreet
    and not so unusual my tries were, he would always run like hell, away from
    me.   
Lately, I wasn't even trying anymore;
    I figured that it was too difficult to find someone a little kinky among
    all those "straight" guys. And then, I met Alex. We met at the one seminar
    held by International Animal Protection Community. He was a young veterinarian,
    at the time, working once a week as a substitute. I, on the other hand, was
    still in school. We sat together at the seminar and didn't take much notice
    of each other, almost until the end.   
As it got boring, just before the end,
    we engaged in conversation, mostly about some protected animal species.   
He proposed a cup of coffee and I accepted;
    I had nothing better to do, anyway. At the moment, he wasn't a guy, that
    you'd whistle after, if you passed by him on the street. Rather short and
    tiny for a man, with reading glasses, and really conservative clothes on
    him, he didn't make big impression with his appearance. But, he seemed smart
    and nice. Myself, I am not so impressive, either; 5.3' tall, rather skinny
    and with short hair I looked more like a boy then some sex-bomb. I knew how
    to fix myself to look attractive but, that particular time, I wouldn't turn
    my head after my own self, either. The truth is, I thought, if I get to know
    this guy, he might help me to finish my school.   
But, as the story will show later, he
    didn't help at all; in fact, he just distracted me from my studies. Not on
    purpose, though.   
One whole month we used to meet like
    that; for a cup of coffee and a walk. And we always talked about his work
    and my studies. One day he said, "Well, you know&hellip;maybe we could go
    out sometime&hellip;I mean, not like this, you know&hellip;we could go for
    a dinner or something" he was also shy and I liked it, "Are you inviting
    me to a date, Alex?" He blushed instantly and start to mumble something like, "Well&hellip;yes&hellip;I
    mean, just to&hellip;maybe, you know&hellip;I was thinking if" and he never
    finished, because I began to laugh, "I am sorry Alex&hellip;I just couldn't
    help it; of course we can go out; I'd like that." We agreed that, on one
    Saturday, he'd pick me up and take to a restaurant and, after that, we'll
    see.   
I didn't know what to wear that night;
    I was thinking of wearing some casual clothes but then I decided to provoke
    him a little, just to see his response. So, I put on a nice and tight red
    dress that reached just above my knees; over it, I put a long black leather
    coat and, I jumped into a pair of very high-heeled sandals; those were red
    with metal heels and had some small metal details on the straps.   
He came to pick me up right on time;
    when I opened the door I had only that dress and shoes on me; my coat was
    still in my closet. I knew I looked good but, still, I was no Hollywood superstar
    sex-bomb. However, to him, it seemed like I was just that; when he saw me
    his jaw fell down and his eyes almost bulged out. At that moment I knew that
    he, probably, didn't have much women in his life; he tried to say something
    but he just stood there and let out a few letters, "A&hellip;a&hellip;y&hellip;I" Again,
    I couldn't help myself and I began to laugh, "Ha, ha, ha&hellip;sorry, I
    am so sorry&hellip;ha, ha, ha&hellip;it's just that&hellip;sometimes you
    look so funny, Alex&hellip;please, come in." I wanted to help him a little
    so I told him to sit and ran off to the kitchen. Once I calmed down, I came
    back, "How about a drink?" I asked him, "A&hellip;yes, yes&hellip;sure" I
    already knew what he liked so I brought him a glass of pineapple juice with
    some vodka in it.   
He managed to gather himself together
    so he said, "Thank you; I just wanted to say&hellip;you look so&hellip;so
    ravishing" I smiled to that and said, "Oh, thank you Alex; you look different
    tonight, too", I had to say it but, he looked, more-less the same; it seemed
    he had no touch for clothes. I noticed how his head was down all the time;
    I thought it was just his shyness but, I realized, he couldn't take his eyes
    of my legs or my shoes. I was surprised by that and I thought '  maybe,
    he would like to be closer to my feet.  '
    I felt kind of warm and excited about it but, I decided to take it slow;
    he was too gentle to propose something like that to him at that time; anyway,
    I wasn't completely sure if he really was looking at my legs. "Shell we?" I
    asked once he finished his screwdriver, "Yes, yes&hellip;let's go."   
He left his car in front of my building
    and we took a cab; that was my idea as I planned to get him a little drunk,
    so, I dint want him behind a wheel. While we drove to the town, I watched
    him carefully and I was right; his eyes were constantly focusing on my legs.
    I helped him a little and, with a quick and hidden motion, I pulled my dress
    up a little more. I could feel it in the air; he was the one; somehow, I
    knew he wanted to burry his head between my legs.   
The restaurant was ok; he really had
    no style so I was afraid he might take me to some place not so neat. It wasn't
    top class but it was fine. We had a few drinks while we waited for our first
    plate; food was better then I expected and the wine, too. "I've never been
    here before; place is really nice, I like it" I said; it pleased him that
    I was satisfied, I could tell. At first, we engaged again in some casual,
    small talk; after a while I asked him to tell me about his previous girlfriends.
    He hesitated and began to blush again, "Oh, come on, tell me; we are not
    going to talk about animals all night, are we?" "No, no, of course&hellip;that
    would be silly&hellip;it's just that&hellip;" he was blushing more and more.
    I leaned towards him and whispered, "Are you still a virgin, Alex?" I was
    joking, of course; it never occurred in my mind that it could be the truth;
    he was 25, after all. He began to blush even more&hellip;no, his face was
    almost purple and, he began to move restlessly in that chair. By accident,
    I hit the worst spot; I had to mitigate the, already awkward, situation,
    so I said, "It's no big deal, even if you are&hellip;its completely normal
    these days" I was talking like in complete indifference. The truth is, I
    wanted to laugh myself to tears but, fortunately, I managed to restrain myself
    from it. "With all these diseases, nowadays&hellip;I think most of women
    would appreciate it." Finally, he looked up and said, "Really? I never thought
    about it that way", I sensed he was relieved, "Of course, Alex&hellip;it's
    fine&hellip;I mean if you are a virgin&hellip;are you?" I couldn't help myself
    not to ask. Really quiet, he said, "Yes." Quickly, I had to figure out a
    strategy how to proceed with him and, I did; I was thinking: '  if
    he needs education in sex, so be it; I'd have myself a virgin to fuck and,
    what was more important, I had a chance to teach him how to have sex my way;
    since he didn't know any different, I'd just train him to be submissive,
    obedient and humble.  '   
Again, I leaned closer to him and, just
    a second before waiter came with deserts, I said, "Do you need a teacher,
    Alex?" with coquettishly tone of voice. He got so excited and never answered
    my question; I saw how he was swallowing heavily; his breathing gave him
    up, too. I had him.   
The rest of the time, he tried to avoid
    meeting my eyes; I, on the other hand, was looking at his eyes constantly.
    When we were finished he wanted to pay; I thought that might be a first lesson
    so I said, "No! I'll pay this time." and I said it with a commanding tone
    of voice.   
Once we were out, he stopped the cab;
    as we stood on the sidewalk, "So&hellip;where would you like to go now?" he
    asked me, "Well, there are a few nice places to go on Saturday night but",
    I grabbed his jacket with my both hands and pulled him close, "If it is up
    to me&hellip;then we are going to my place!" I said with determination in
    my voice. He just stood there looking up at me, "Well? Is it up to me, or
    isn't it?" and then, he replied quickly, "Yes, of course it's up to you." "Good" I
    said and pulled him inside the car. I told the cab driver where to go, turned
    to Alex and crossed my legs, so my dress would go up a little. I licked my
    lips while he was staring at me; I figured he didn't really comprehend what
    was going on. I did nothing in the car, nor did him; once we were inside
    my apartment, he sat down on the couch and removed his jacket. I brought
    a bottle of wine, sat beside him, making sure he had a good and clear sight
    of my legs. I poured the wine and said, "Would you like to tell me, how come
    you're still a virgin?" I saw he felt uncomfortable again so I continued, "And
    it's quite ok if you don't, I'll understand." He hesitated for a while and
    then, "Well&hellip;I just think that I am too shy, that's all&hellip;there
    were girls around me but I always seemed to pull out the last minute." "Maybe
    you didn't feel comfortable around them? Do you feel that way with me?" "Yes&hellip;I
    mean, no! I feel nice around you, really&hellip;" and while he talked, I
    began to rub his leg with mine. That distracted him enough to stutter, "I&hellip;don't&hellip;I
    feel&hellip;maybe&hellip;" who knows what he wanted to say, probably nothing
    at all. "Should I stop?" I asked and, again, he was rather quick with his
    reply, "No, no&hellip;don't&hellip;I&hellip;" I took hold of his tie and
    pulled him closer; as I kissed his lips, very gently, he shut his eyes like
    a kid. I whispered, "Alex, I think I know how to teach you; I think I know
    what you want" I looked at him, waiting for his response, "Really? You&hellip;you
    do?" "Yes Alex, I think I do." He began to swallow hard again; at that moment,
    either he knew or, he just hoped that I knew what it, that he really wanted,
    was. He has been dreaming about it for years but, he never thought it could
    come thru for him; this was the beginning of a real thing, not just his imagination,
    and it was a bit too much of a change for the moment. The first step was
    the most important one; I knew, once he makes that first step, everything
    would be easy. I stood up, turned at him and moved away a little; he sat
    there almost shaking. He held his glass firmly with both hands and looked
    at me; I knew I had to keep myself calm so I called at him softly, "Alex?" "Yes" he
    replied silently, "I want you to do the first thing that comes on your mind",
    I widened my legs a little and placed my hands on my hips; I continued, "The
    very first thing that crosses your mind, I want you to do it&hellip;even
    if it seems a strange and unusual thing to do, I still want you to do it." I
    waited a little; he moved forward and barely managed to put his glass safely
    on the floor. I thought he was going to get up but he didn't; half way, he
    lowered himself on the floor, and as I was still a little far, he crawled
    to me. He looked up at me and, when he realized I wasn't laughing nor had
    some wondering expression on my face, he bowed down and kissed my foot. Again,
    he looked up at me but I just said, "Do it again." He kissed my other foot
    twice and I encouraged him, "More&hellip;don't stop." At that moment he let
    go; he began to lick and kiss my feet, shoes, ankles, everything. Seeing
    him down there at my feet made me crazy; I got all wet in an instant. However,
    I knew I had to save that for later; his training just began and I knew I
    had to proceed until he was completely loose. Slowly, I moved towards the
    sofa and sat down, "Take my shoes off, now" I said and he did; he waited,
    probably for some more instructions so I said, "Go on; lick them clean." He
    took my feet one by one and began to lick them eagerly; he licked my soles,
    my heels, sucked on each of my toes and, before I knew it he was choking
    on one of my feet, trying, as it seemed to swallow it. I helped him, of course,
    so I leaned forward, held his head from behind and pushed my feet in his
    mouth. And that was another nice surprised; his mouth were huge; more then
    half of my foot was inside it and it looked like he could take more.   
I was so horny I thought I might come
    if he'd just look at my cunt. I pulled my foot out and said, "You see&hellip;I
    knew exactly what you wanted." I gestured with my finger at him to sit on
    the sofa and, once he did, I began, "I know what you thought, Alex; You thought
    that you're some kind of freak for a long time" and at the same time, I caressed
    his chin gently, "Frankly, most of the people would, probably, think that
    you are&hellip;but not me, no", I moved closer to him and said, "You have
    just the thing I want and that makes us both some kind of weirdoes in the
    eyes of other people." I waited for his response but he was silent, "The
    thing is, I don't give a fuck what anyone else thinks, do you?" "No&hellip;no,
    I don't." He was accepting everything I said; I figured, he might not need
    too much training, after all; he was already submissive enough, I just needed
    to implement his submissiveness into the games I had in mind, but slowly,
    step by step. I knew many ways to drive him crazy from lust; also, I knew
    that with him, as innocent as he was, it would go easy. "Take off your clothes
    to your waist!" I ordered him; as I changed my tone of voice a little, he
    looked at me first, like in surprise, so I acted quickly, "Well, don't you
    want me to be in command? It's just part of the game, Alex"; after hearing
    those words, he took of his shirt immediately. I told him to go down on the
    floor on his hands and knees; I went behind him and took off my panties while
    he wasn't looking. Then, I strode him so he was between my legs; I watched
    his back go up and down from his deep and horny breaths. I leaned forward
    and said, "Open your mouth, now", and, as he did I shoved the wet side of
    my panties in his mouth.   
I pulled them over his head and, slowly,
    sat on his back; the smell, the taste and touch of my panties made him even
    more excited; I could hear clearly his fast breathing as he did it only thru
    his nose. But, once he felt my hot and wet pussy on his back, he began to
    shiver; also, I kept my feet forward near his hands so he would have a nice
    look at them, constantly. I caressed his hair for a while; in a little while,
    I leaned forward and whispered into his ear, "Good pony", and he just nodded
    with his head. He was a little skinny for my taste but, that way, I felt
    more power over him and that was good. I sat back on the sofa and told him
    to turn around; I took my panties back and told him to sit down on the floor
    with his legs spread in front of him, "Now, why don't you open your zipper;
    let Anita see what you're hiding there." I was expecting he wouldn't do it
    so easily but, I was wrong; he did it very swiftly. And, once his dick popped
    out like he had a string in it, I realized why; he was proud of his tool
    and had a good reason for it. Now, I stood in surprise with my jaw down;
    his penis was somewhat more then average in length but, it was the thickest
    thing I ever saw. His whole self was in disproportion to his cock; it seemed
    like he had another leg growing there. "Jesus" I said and he smiled; he was
    happy I reacted that way; he was glad that he surprised me in a best possible
    way. "Take off your pants!" I said with my voice accelerated. As he did,
    I took his thick tool between my feet; I knew he'd probably come in seconds.
    First, I pressed it against his stomach, a little; I wanted to feel with
    my sole how thick that thing really was, and, once I had, I couldn't wait
    to put it inside me.   
I began to rub his cock with my left
    foot; up and down, I stroked it, and then, took it again between my both
    feet. I increased the pace and, after a few seconds, gushes of sperm came
    out watering my feet, my legs and my carpet. He rumpled the carpet with his
    hands as he came; his head fell back and he let out something that sounded
    like, "A&hellip;a&hellip;a&hellip;a&hellip;a&hellip;" Once he was done, he
    gave me a puppy look and said, "Thank you." I wanted to laugh again but I
    managed not to; instead, I acted very seriously, "Look what you did to my
    feet and my carpet; go and get something to clean up the mess, quickly!" "Yes,
    yes&hellip;" he stood up and wanted to run; he forgot that his pants were
    still around his ankles so he almost stumbled across the table, "Sorry&hellip;I
    am" he began to apologize but I hurried him up, "Go and get it, quickly!" I
    hurried him because I needed a second alone; I couldn't hold my tears anymore
    so, as soon as he was gone, I began to laugh like crazy. Damn, he was funny;
    at times he looked like a 10 year old.   
Before he came back, I managed to stop
    laughing; he brought a towel and cleaned my feet and my legs. The carpet
    was already dry and there was nothing he could do. He took his shirt like
    he was going to put it on, "What are you doing? No, no&hellip;just stay that
    way; I want you naked" I said and added, "We ain't over yet, anyway."   
I instructed him to sit at the same
    place on the floor; I wanted to see how quick he could get it up, again.
    I began to pass my feet across his legs, each foot on other leg. I skipped
    his groin and moved up at his torso, "Stay still!" I ordered him, and so
    he did. I passed my feet across his chest and his hands; I touched his neck
    and moved up to his face. As soon as I reached his lips, his cock went up
    in the air, firmly. I put my feet on the floor, spread my legs and lifted
    my dress, up; I gestured at him with my finger to come closer and, as he
    did, I said, "Kiss my thighs, Alex." He moved his head in between my legs
    and began to kiss and lick my thighs; he never came close to my pussy because
    I never told him to. I grabbed his hair gently, moved his head away and said, "Alex,
    I want to sit on your face now&hellip;can I do that?" Those words made him
    tremble again, "Y&hellip;yes, yes&hellip;please" I stood up, told him to
    turn around and lean his head on the sofa. I took off my dress over my head
    and stood naked above him; I had no bra but, before I proceeded I put back
    on my shoes. He just watched and waited; slowly, I mounted him and lowered
    my crotch above his head. As his mouth was already wide open, I placed my
    pussy on top of it. He let out a loud moan as I began to rub it gently on
    his face, "That's it&hellip;yeess&hellip;ooohhh" I felt I might come in an
    instant but I wanted to prolong it for both of us. "The tongue, Alex&hellip;get
    it out&hellip;ooohhh&hellip;lick Alex, lick" I said as he just kept still;
    soon, his tongue was out, licking, probing my pussy hole, lips, everything&hellip;   
His hands were passing across my hips
    as I circled my crotch on top of his face; suddenly, he began to grip my
    thighs with his palms; I felt him moving below me and I turned around. He
    was coming again; again, there were gushes of sperm coming out. What was
    even more interesting, I never saw a man come before without even a single
    touch to his penis. I stood up and said, "Damn it, what was that? You did
    it again!" My words and my tone scared him so he began to apologize, "I am
    sorry&hellip;I am so sorry&hellip;I just couldn't help it&hellip;please forgive
    me." I was a little angry because I was restraining myself from coming but,
    I calmed him down, "It's ok, don't worry&hellip;after all, this is all about
    pleasure and I am glad you enjoy me so much&hellip;I am glad I make you so
    horny, it's good." He saw how I was about to sit in his lap so he, quickly,
    wiped the sperm away. I sat down on his legs, took his head in my hands and
    kissed him; I gave him a strong wet kiss on his mouth. One thing he knew
    how to do was how to kiss, and so, he kissed me back. "Here" I took his hand
    and placed it between my legs, "Touch me a little" I said. He moved his fingers
    across my pussy lips and my clit, "Yes&hellip;that's it&hellip;mmm"; he was
    too gentle so I told him he can do it with more &eacute;lan. Once I was ready
    again, I said, "Now, I'll have to fuck your face, not just sit on it", I
    grabbed his shoulders and pushed him down to the floor; I didn't let him
    say anything, instead, I moved quickly above his head and landed my crotch
    on his face. I began to ride it good, this time; I glanced at his cock and
    saw how it grew bigger, again. '  Oh,  this
    is going to be great  ' I
    thought. I moved away, down to his groin, positioned my pussy atop of his
    erected cock and began to slide on it. It was pretty hard; even with all
    that lubrication around, it was still too thick, "AAAHH!" I yelled loudly
    as it hurt a little, "Jesus, Alex&hellip;what is this?" and, when I managed
    to make it disappear inside me, it hurt if I moved up or down. I did it very
    slowly in the beginning; my pussy needed adjustment to that monster. After
    a while, it was ok; the pain was gone and I was free to jump up and down
    on his shaft. I pressed him to the floor with my hands on his chest and,
    as I rode him, he held my hips, "OHHH&hellip;FUCK&hellip;YEESSSS!!!" I came
    so strong it made me dizzy. I was screaming and yelling some unmeaningful
    words and sounds for a long time. Once I was done, I fell on him exhausted.
    We lied like that for some 10 minutes; I lifted myself up a little and called
    at him, "Alex?" "Yes Anita?" he replied, "Thank you&hellip;so much" I said.
    He smiled and said, "No, thank you&hellip;really."   
One whole week, we didn't go out more
    then 15 minutes. Only he went to do his job on Wednesday, but it was just
    for few hours. One morning we woke up; he looked at me and said, "Anita&hellip;I
    love you." Quickly, I mounted him, sat on his chest and pressed his hands
    down with my knees. I figure he expected something else so he just looked
    at me with his eyes wide open, "Hm, lets see" I said. I pulled his hair a
    little hard; "Ouch!" he cried out, "Still love me?" I asked, "Yes&hellip;of
    course&hellip;what?" he was confused; I slapped his hip pretty hard, "Well?
    You still love me?" "Yes, I love you! What are you doing?" I moved down and
    sat on his stomach; I lifted my hand in the air and asked, "Can I slap you
    face?" He was completely confused but he said, "Yes&hellip;if you want to." I
    waited until he closed his eyes and then, I slapped his cheek very gently;
    he opened his eyes and looked at me; his face showed disappointment until
    I said, "I love you too, Alex." He was happy like a kid; he hugged me and
    kissed me softly, "Sometimes I fear you" he said, "I know but&hellip;it's
    supposed to be that way, isn't it? I said, "Yes, I suppose it is."   
Each day, I added something new to our
    games; after a while, his imagination came into life, too. We were insatiable
    and we both lost more weight.   
Two months later he got a steady job.
    He was so happy when I said "Yes" to his proposal to marry him. I knew we
    were right for each other and so did him. That night we sat at the kitchen
    table and talked; I came up with a great idea, "How about if I sell my apartment;
    I was thinking&hellip;now that you have a job we could get a loan and buy
    a house. I think, with the money I get for this place, we could make a very
    good deal." He was thrilled with my idea so we got to it as soon as we could;
    we agreed to get married after we buy a house. "One thing though; we buy
    a house only if it has a basement" he said; at first, I didn't realize why
    was that a condition but then, it came to me, "Oh, you dirty little thing;
    I am planning our future and you only think about one thing", we both smiled
    to that. He came closer and sat beside me, "Well, what do you think? We could
    have one special room for our selves&hellip;just like a dungeon; if we use
    our bedroom, sooner or later, someone will come and ask to see our home;
    basement, we can always hide somehow." Of course I liked the idea; just thinking
    about it made me all warm.   
The loan came thru and we found a house;
    it was beautiful and it was closer to his work. The house was well maintained;
    we just rearranged it with our things, a little.   
The basement was the biggest job; it
    wasn't easy to turn it into a bedroom&hellip;well, a strange one, but still
    a bedroom.   
Every day he came home with something
    new, "I bought you something" he'd say and pull out a pair of knee-high leather
    boots, black or red, with high spike heels and thick soles; or a corset,
    or just a pair of sexy shoes, new pair of handcuffs&hellip; Sometimes, I'd
    spank him; for that, I usually used a plastic ruler. I didn't really like
    hurting him&hellip;well, I thought about it and, it's not that I didn't want
    too, I just couldn't; I loved him too much.   
One Friday he came back a little earlier
    and, again, he bought something, "Look what I've got" he said. I was in the
    kitchen preparing some pasta when he came in. He brought a long, thick, black
    bullwhip, "What do you think?" he asked, "Oh Alex&hellip;I don't like it;
    you know I don't like hurting you." "I know I know&hellip;that's why the
    guy in the store told me I can bring it back if we don't like it&hellip;and,
    he'll give me my money back." "Good; then get it back tomorrow, ok?" "Ok" he
    confirmed, "I will&hellip;it's just" he came closer, "What Alex?" "Well&hellip;it's
    just that I wanted to try&hellip;I wanted to try a little pain, that's all",
    he said gracefully, "I am just curious, that's all; I know that a lots of
    people like pain, so, I just wanted to see why." I watched him for a while
    and then I said, "I don't know, Alex; I told you, I don't fancy the idea
    of hurting you", but more I looked at that whip, more excited I got, too.
    Few times, I daydreamed about whipping someone for real; I thought about
    other way of inflicting pain and, I didn't feel completely indifferent about
    it. He turned around and said, "Ok, it was just a thought"; he was about
    to leave but I stopped him, "Ok, listen; if you want me to whip you, I'll
    whip you&hellip;I'll do it but, don't blame me afterwards if it hurt too
    much, ok?" I didn't know he had some masochistic desires in him until then
    but he seemed happy about it, "Good, we can just try once and&hellip;we'll
    see." The feeling was strange; at the same time, I liked the idea and I didn't.
    Once, I hit him a little harder with my boot heel and, I was terrified seeing
    him curling on the floor and crying out pretty loud; he was assuring me it
    was ok; he said how it didn't really hurt and how he just acted. But, I didn't
    believe it; I saw a nasty bruise my heel left on his side and I didn't like
    it.   
We had this game we played; we did it
    usually while at dinner and, often, we wouldn't even manage to finish the
    meal; instead, we'd just run down to the basement and spend the rest of the
    evening there. It was like this: we both used to say to each other nasty
    things; I'd say the things I had planned to do to him or the ones I'd request
    him to do for me; he would say it other way around; either he'd say what
    he'd do or wanted me to do, or he would just explained how and why would
    he enjoy all those things I had in mind for him. Of course, we had to elaborate
    all those things a little. The first one who'd remain without words for longer
    then 15 seconds, he'd loose; or, the first one that'd get so horny to say "lets
    go down!" would loose, too. I am not bragging but I was better in the game;
    I guess, my imagination was working faster then his or, he was just more
    eager to quit the dinner and start playing.   
Usually, we'd begin with some softer
    and lighter things and ended up with more harsh or severe ones. Sometimes,
    I or he would even say some pretty nasty stuff we knew we wouldn't try; maybe,
    that was the source of him getting eager to try some pain. At times, it was
    pretty difficult for me to determine which one of us was kinkier; it was
    difficult to say who was a bigger pervert.   
"First, I am going to bound you to the
    cross and just tease you; I'll fix myself so, to drive you nuts out of lust.
    I'll just walk around you, touching some sensitive places with my riding
    crop; I'll make you beg me to let you kiss my shiny leather boots" I began
    that night. "Ok&hellip;I don't think that'd work for long; first of all,
    my cock will get big and hard very soon and you won't manage to restrain
    yourself from grabbing it; soon, you'll start thinking how you want it inside
    of you and you'll have to let me go." He was right; as much as I liked playing
    games of domination, each time we did, the best part was having his cock
    deep inside me. "Hm&hellip;ok, I'll let you loose; but you'll be ordered
    to crawl around me and I'll put a leash on you; you'll have to lick my boots
    all over, suck on my heels, clean the soles with your tongue." "Oh, I'll
    enjoy it so much; I'll do whatever you'll tell me to because that's just
    what I want; to be your dog on the leash, to lick any part of you or your
    equipment&hellip;I'll go crazy out of excitement."   
We went on like that for almost an hour;
    our food got cold as usual and, that evening, I lost; at the end, he went
    to extremes and pissed me off. At the end he said, "I'll beg you to whip
    me more and more, until I faint out of pain; once I recover, I'll provoke
    you some more by begging you to beat me up with your boots, to trample me
    all over&hellip;I'll provoke you until I get the worst part of you out; you'll
    get cruel and sadistic and won't care about me hurting." As much as his words
    made me angry, they confused me, too; I couldn't close my mouth or my eyes
    for a minute after he said it. Then, I stood up and said, "Get your ass in
    the basement, you fuck! I'll show you my worst side, you prick!" I never
    used words like that with him, before; however, judging by the expression
    on his face, he liked it so I asked him, "You like me calling you names,
    don't you?" He just nodded his head so I said, "Ok then; why didn't you say
    so before; I have dozens of names for you, you bitch!"   
He went down in the basement and I followed;
    I wasn't sure what I was going to do to him but I knew it was going to be
    different that time. I grabbed the wine and that new whip and went into the
    basement. He was already naked when I came in; I told him to go to the cross
    in the middle of the basement; it was an X shaped wooden cross he made himself
    and fixed it to the floor. Still in my slippers and house dress I secured
    the four shackles around his wrists and ankles; I didn't really have any
    experience with real SM things; what I knew was what I saw on the internet
    so I decided to improvise. First, I wanted to frighten him; I thought that
    maybe, he'd ask me to quit after I get him scared enough. The bottle was
    almost full as it was already the second one; I took a long sip from it and
    went to fix myself. We had enough time since it was Friday so I took my time;
    I knew he'd become restless because, he was in an uncomfortable position
    and eager to start. Slowly, I removed all of my clothes and began to put
    on other. I took a black corset from the closet, pair of leather boots with
    high metal heels, pair of black gloves and a waist chain. It took some time
    to put it all on me; then, I began to put makeup on my face; I choose all
    strong and dark colors for my lips and eyelids. I tied my hair into a horse
    tail on top of my head and put on a black mask I had, covering my eyes and
    nose. On purpose, I left the closet open so he could see all the stuff I
    had inside; he bought most of it but, I knew he never saw it all on a pile.   
It passed at least 15 minutes until
    I was ready; I needed more courage so I drank more wine. When I came to him
    he was smiling, "What are you smiling about, slave?" I asked; he was just
    about to reply but I stopped him with a slap; it was a medium slap, but still
    the hardest one he ever got. "You do not speak, unless I say so! Is that
    clear?" "Yes Anita, it is clear" he replied. "No, no&hellip;let me introduce
    'Mistress Anita'" I pointed at myself, "But for you, it's only Mistress;
    tonight, you're not worthy of calling me by my name", I came closer to him,
    grabbed his chin and said, "You're just a miserable little worthless worm
    which I am going to squash tonight&hellip;I mean, that's what you wanted,
    right?" he had no choice but to agree by nodding his head. I had to think
    fast; I needed to remember all those things I saw on the net and something
    crossed my mind. I turned around and left the basement; I came back after
    a minute carrying a plastic bucket full of potatoes, small thin rope and
    a few candles. He had no clue what I was doing and his face showed it. First,
    I emptied the bucket on the floor; I tied the rope to the bucket handle and
    squatted in front of him; the other end I tied around his balls and lifted
    the bucket to adjust the rope. Once I let it go, it remained hanging from
    his ball; the bucket was empty so it didn't bother him too much. Instead,
    his cock began to grow and move upwards. I brought a chair, sat few meters
    away near those potatoes and took a few in my hands. "I always liked basketball" I
    said and threw one potato towards the bucket; once he realized what was going
    on, he changed expression on his face. The first potato missed but the second
    one didn't; as it landed into the bucket he made a grin on his face. The
    weight itself wasn't a problem yet but the yank of the rope was. I didn't
    want to give him possibility to complain so I went to the closet; I brought
    a plastic ball-gag, shoved it into his mouth and tied it up. I sat back and
    threw another potato; this one hit the spot so did the next one. I got painful;
    three potatoes had at least three pound and each yank was more and more painful.
    He'd probably want me to stop but I decided to refer to his cock; as long
    as it was hard I had no intention of stopping, "I see you like it&hellip;good" I
    pointed at his cock. I threw another two potatoes in and he began to let
    out painful moans thru that gag; I took six potatoes and went over to him;
    I positioned my hands above the bucket and got ready to let go. His eyes
    were wide open and he moved his head as a 'No'. I smiled pitifully at him
    and said, "Sorry" and just let go the potatoes. As they fell in he almost
    managed to scream thru the gag, "MMMHHHH!!" I looked down and it wasn't a
    pretty sight; his sack was completely stretched; the bottom of it began to
    turn red and I saw all of his veins on his neck. Frankly, I thought I'd feel
    sorrier for him but I didn't; it got to me, too; I was getting excited. I
    took the wine and drank some more. I lit up a candle and held it in front
    of him; we did the waxing thing before but only on his chest and legs. I
    lifted it up and dropped a few drops of hot wax on his shoulders; I pulled
    my hand back and held it in front of his chest. Suddenly, I turned it in
    my hand and, all that wax fell right on top of his dick; his scream was even
    louder this time, "MMMMMGGGHHH!!!!" "Does that hurt?" I asked lightly, "Don't
    worry&hellip;Mistress will remove it from your dickey" I put the candle on
    the floor and, while I was down, I took his cock in my left hand. I looked
    up at him and just buried my long black nail into his flesh, "MMHHHH!!" he
    yelled again. I scraped the wax off with my nails; each scratch left a red
    mark, especially on his head. "There" I stood up, "It is all gone&hellip;shell
    I remove this, too?" I pointed at the bucket. Quickly, he nodded as a 'yes';
    once I removed the bucket I took out the gag from his mouth, "Well? Do you
    really want more? Some of that, maybe?" I pointed at the whip. He hesitated
    at first and then, he slowly nodded his head, "You got to be crazy" I said
    and continued, "but, suit yourself."   
I unlocked the shackles from his hands
    and ankles and told him to turn around; I did it all very slowly as I still
    had hope he might change his mind. I was really afraid of doing it as I didn't
    want to see him hurt; but that was not all; I worried that I just might enjoy
    it, and that would cause problems in future. As he didn't say anything I
    secured him to the cross, again, this time with his front to it. I moved
    away and took the whip; first problem was I didn't know how to handle it.
    I balanced it in my hand for a while, trying to figure out how to use it. "Ok,
    here we go" I said; I saw he was all tensed and restless from expectation.
    I swung the whip thru the air and almost hit myself with it, "Shit!" I coursed
    and smiled at myself. I did it again and, this time, it looked better but
    I missed him. I tried to concentrate harder; as I swung that whip thru the
    air for the third time, I watched it as it flew in a perfect motion, cutting
    the air and producing a neat and thin sound. It landed right across his back,
    down at his buttock. "AARGGHHH!!!" he screamed and twitched every single
    muscle in his body. But, hearing that sounds sequence, first the sound of
    the air being split, then the sound of leather cracking against his skin
    and finally, his loud and painful scream made a strong impact on me. At that
    moment I wanted to stop and, at the same time, I wanted to whip him unconscious.
    That first blow was extreme; it cracked his skin open but not because I wanted
    it that way; it happened because I had no feeling for it, yet. I came close
    to him again and whispered at his ear, "Now, tell me that you want me to
    stop&hellip;please." He waited for a moment and then he said, "No&hellip;I
    want just a few more&hellip;please." I couldn't believe him; that had to
    hurt enormously but still, he wanted more. I stepped back; I was angry at
    him for making me do it; I was angry at myself for doing it, although I knew
    I shouldn't; I was angry at myself for wanting to do it; I was angry&hellip;   
The whip began to cut the air as I brandished
    it at him; mixture of sounds made me insane, I couldn't listen to his screams
    anymore. I gagged him again and continued to tear his back with that whip;
    he was screaming behind the gag, twitching his muscles, gasping for air and
    soon, his knees began to betray him. I didn't count the lashes; I just lashed
    them, one after another. Thru the haze, I saw he wasn't even standing on
    his feet, any longer; he went limp in those shackles with his knees bent;
    he was hanging on the cross by his hands. I stopped; as I realized what I
    did I threw the whip away and ran over to the cross, "Jesus&hellip;oh shit!" I
    freaked out when I saw his back; then I noticed bruises on the back of his
    hands and legs, his ass cheeks and a few on right side of his face. I almost
    began to cry loud; I managed not to, but my eyes were filled with tears.
    Quickly, I released the shackles from his ankles and then from his wrist;
    he managed to stand on his feet and I helped him to the bed. He lay on his
    stomach and I removed the gag, "Damn you Alex! Damn you for making me do
    this!" and those tears ran down my cheeks, "How could you?" I said thru tears;
    he heard my voice was shaky and turned on his side. His eyes were only halfway
    open and he said, "Its ok&hellip;I'll be fine&hellip;I am sorry." It was
    awful; little drops of blood were all over his back, "Just wait here&hellip;don't
    move!" I ran upstairs to fetch some medicine. I brought three large gauzes
    and a bottle of boric acid. I spread it over his back and spilled the acid
    on it; that was the only thing I had that wouldn't inflict more pain.   
In an hour or so he was feeling better;
    in the mean time I undressed and put back my house wardrobe. I helped him
    up and took him right to the bedroom. We lay on the bed, side by side; he
    couldn't rest on his back as it hurt too much. For a while we just kept silent
    and then I said, "I want you to promise me something; you'll never ask me
    again to do something like that, do you hear me? Not even close to something
    like that." "I promise" he said and continued, "It's ok, really'; I got what
    I wanted and now, we both know we don't like it&hellip;it's all over, I'll
    return the whip tomorrow&hellip;it's gone." His words calmed me down a bit;
    he fell asleep very almost immediately but I had a little trouble with it;
    he was right about what he said earlier except for one thing; I wasn't so
    sure that I didn't like it. After I did some thinking I knew I'd never do
    it again; still, I had to accept the fact that I did like it. During that
    whipping and just before I stopped, I felt aroused like never before. I hated
    myself for it but it was the truth.   
I was happy to realize how things didn't
    change after that night; we were the same as before, even more, we loosened
    up on our talking games during dinner. We did those on regular basis but,
    some thing we used to say, we just discarded. Finally, we set the date for
    our wedding; as we didn't have many friends we agreed not to tell anyone,
    but later to inform our families, only, and then to prepare a dinner or something
    for them. As we both didn't like crowds and big weddings it suited us just
    great. I told him, no big or expensive gifts as we had just enough money;
    I didn't need any gifts to know if he loved me or not and he agreed. He just
    said how he found a great place for our honey moon and asked if he could
    arrange it on his own; he wanted to surprise me, so I said it was ok and
    I let him pick the place and make all necessary arrangements. There was a
    surprise on my mind, too; as we were about to marry in city hall, not the
    church, a great idea came to my mind. Few years ago I met someone who worked
    there and was performing the wedding ceremony. Next day I went to see her;
    when I told her what I had in mind she was stunned; I knew she was open-minded
    enough but still, "You're joking, right?" I waved my head as a 'No' and she
    began to laugh, "I don't know if I'll be able to do it&hellip;ha, ha, ha" The
    serious expression on my face convinced her I wasn't joking, "You're serious,
    aren't you? Well Anita, I have to admit, you made my day; I knew about your
    little kinks and all&hellip;I have no problems with that as I have some of
    my own, but this&hellip;I mean, is it great or what&hellip;" and she continued
    laughing.   
We made a deal and I left satisfied.
    Our wedding was scheduled on Saturday at 5:00 p.m. and we began to prepare
    ourselves from early morning. We were both very excited about it and, for
    the whole day, we just repeated how much we loved each other. We planned
    to have a special dinner that evening and I asked Alex if he'd arrange it;
    I told him at which place we would go and how I made reservations. But, he
    had to go over there, not later then 2:00 p.m. to confirm our reservations.
    He left around 1:30 p.m. and, at 2:00 p.m. she came to the house, "Ok, here
    it is" I took her to our basement. "Wow!" she said when she entered, "A little
    empire of yours, ha? Nice&hellip;"   
Together, we improvised an altar and
    I told her to dress up; I gave her some of my clothes from the closet, some
    boots, a black skirt and a leather jacket. She took a mask, too and some
    other equipment, like gloves, etc&hellip;   
I told her to stay put and to be ready
    around 3:00 p.m. I took the outfit I prepared for myself and went up; I managed
    to dress up and to put on some makeup just before Alex returned. When he
    came in I was in living room; he saw me on the sofa and almost yelled, "What
    are you doing? Why did you&hellip;?" He saw me in my boots and corset, all
    fixed up for another session, so he was confused. Quickly, I stood up and
    said, "Shut up and get naked! Now!" he was completely confused then. He began
    to remove his clothes and, while at it, said, "Oh shit&hellip;we're gonna
    be late for wedding&hellip;I don't understand&hellip;" I came closer to him
    and slapped him a little. "I said shut up, didn't I? We won't be late&hellip;now
    get on your knees&hellip;obey!" Once he was down I put a collar with a leash
    around his neck and said, "Follow me." I led him straight to the basement;
    the lights were off so he barely managed to crawl down the stairs. As we
    reached the altar the lights went on; first he saw it and then he saw that
    someone was standing behind it. The person was covered with a white bed sheet
    so he couldn't se her. She removed it and, when he saw her, all dressed up
    like me, he backed a little. She was a redhead, much bigger then I was; seeing
    her got him excited; I noticed that but he tried to hide it. She got into
    the role pretty well; her hands were at her hips as she said with a determined
    voice, "Shall we begin?" As Alex kept quiet and just stared at her I said, "Yes'
    let us begin." She took a book she had in front of her; the book contained
    usual stuff for the real ceremonies but, there was a text on few pages of
    paper I gave to her and she placed it in the middle. She began to read usual
    matrimonial things at first; she spoke about love and respect, fidelity and
    tolerance and similar things. After a while she began to read from the paper
    I gave her, "As the couple that is with us today is somewhat different, I'd
    like to add few more virtues, objectives and goals to my speech, which are
    applicable here and all for sake of good, tolerant and above all, successful
    matrimony." She stopped for a second to check up on us; Alex was still surprised
    but slowly, he was accepting the situation. "Go on; please" I said and she
    continued, "As two completely different types of individuals you'll have
    to work harder to achieve those objectives. You Anita, as a pre-dominant
    one, shall have to maintain discipline, conduct training if required to ensure
    quality of Alex's submissiveness and loyalty. You Alex, as a submissive party
    in this deal, shall have to ensure that Anita is constantly satisfied with
    your performance and with level of your humbleness." She closed the book,
    put it on the improvised altar and began, "Do You Anita, Mistress of this
    house, owner of everything that is spiritual, material and living in this
    house, accept Alex the slave into Your lifelong service, to be Your servant,
    Your toy, Your pet, if necessary an object of abuse or punishment, therefore
    Your lawful wedded husband until death do you apart?" I replied proudly, "I
    do!"   
She turned to Alex, looking down at
    him and began, "Do you, Alex the slave, accept your Mistress's willingness
    to take you into her service, to be her slave and servant, to obey with utmost
    humbleness her, even strangest desires and requests, to live only for her
    pleasures, therefore become her lawful wedded husband and she to become your
    lawful wedded Mistress-wife?" It'd be pretty difficult to explain the stunned
    expression on his face; it took him a while to answer the question; I banged
    my boot on the floor and said, "Well!?" Like he just woke up from a daydream
    he said, "I do, I do!" "With the authority given to me by the state, I pronounce
    you a wife and a husband, therefore, a Mistress and her slave. You can kiss
    or kick your slave, now." I turned to Alex, raised my boot a little and just
    touched his ribs with it; then I pulled the leash upward indicating at him
    to stand up. I pulled him closer, grabbed his head with my hands and kissed
    him gently. It was a long, long kiss and a hug. "Do you like my surprise?" I
    asked him whispering, "Yes, yes, it is great&hellip;but, how&hellip;" and
    I hushed him, "Shhh&hellip;don't worry; it's all legal and real." We signed
    the papers and it was done; well, not quite done because I had another surprise
    for him, "Alex, I need you to stay in here for a while; I have to talk to
    my friend in private&hellip;I'll be done very soon." He nodded his head and
    we left; I waited for 10 minutes and then, she went in. She came down and
    found him lying on the bed, "Stand up" she said; as he did she continued, "Now
    kneel!" "What's all this?" he asked and, as he didn't obey, she pulled out
    a riding crop I gave to her, "Your lovely wife thinks how it would be unfair
    to you to get married without a bachelors party. Since that is now impossible,
    she decided to give you a present&hellip;and that present is me." He fell
    on his knees, "Good, now lets play" she said, but he wouldn't comply, "No&hellip;please,
    I am begging you, call her&hellip;I need to talk to her, please!" She agreed
    quickly as all that wasn't really her thing, "He wants to talk to you first!" she
    yelled from the stairs and disappeared. I came quickly and asked, "What is
    it? What's wrong?" "Why are you doing this?" he asked me with a sad look
    up on his face, "I just wanted to give you a special gift before we continue
    with our lives; what's wrong with that?" he crawled right in front of me,
    looked up at me and pleaded, "Anita, please don't make me do this&hellip;you
    can do whatever you want with me, just not this&hellip;I am begging you&hellip;" he
    stood up and continued, "I really, really don't want to do this; she is a
    great looking lady and all, but still, I can't&hellip;I don't want to" he
    folded his palms like he was about to pray and said, "You are the only one
    I want&hellip;do whatever you want with me, just don't give me up to someone
    else this way." I was so touched with his words I almost cried, "I love you
    so much&hellip;just you, please&hellip;" I felt my chest was shrinking. I
    hugged him strongly and said, "No, no&hellip;how stupid I was, I am sorry,
    so sorry&hellip;forgive me, please" I asked. He took my hand, kissed it and
    said, "Of course I'll forgive you&hellip;I love you so much Anita", "And
    I love you Alex&hellip;so much."   
The vows we took at that "matrimonial" ceremony
    were so real for Alex; whatever was said then, he complied with constantly.
    Sometimes I had to stop him; whenever he was in the same room as I, he'd
    drop down on his knees and began to crawl. At first it was amusing; later,
    it began to look a little stupid so I told him, "Don't do that all the time;
    if I want you to crawl I'll tell you; you'll destroy all of your clothes
    that way." He figured he had to please me constantly which was fine with
    me; however, I didn't want the whole thing to loose its charm. As always,
    he obeyed my wish and acted accordingly. He never asked me for anything except
    one thing; once we talked and he asked me if I could wear heels always. He
    said he'd buy me slippers with heels if I wanted; as I like wearing heels
    it wasn't a problem for me. I even cooked and did some housework wearing
    high heels.   
One day, a strangest thing happened;
    I was making a cake that included ground walnuts. It was Sunday so Alex was
    home, too. He was doing something and then he came to the kitchen; I never
    heard him coming so, as he came in crawling and suddenly kissed my ankle,
    I jumped. "Damn it! I almost dropped everything&hellip;don't do that anymore." He
    was apologizing and laughing at the same time; I bowed down and kissed him, "Here,
    have a few walnuts" I said and, before he took them I pulled my hand back, "No
    wait&hellip;be a good dog and stand over there" I pointed to the middle of
    the kitchen. He did as I told him and waited, "I'll throw the walnuts and
    you catch them like a nice puppy." I took a fistful of walnuts and began
    to throw them at him; he jumped around trying to catch them. I began to laugh, "Ha,
    ha, ha&hellip;this is fun" and resumed to throw the walnuts. "Bark" I said
    and he did it; he got so engaged in his role that, at one moment, as he barked
    and opened his mouth at the same time, one walnut fell into his mouth and
    further down. It went the wrong way so he began to choke on it; I froze and
    just watched him choking. At first, I thought he was acting but, as he fell
    on the floor holding his throat with his both hands I knew it was for real;
    he began to turn red, then blue; his eyes were at the edge of popping out, "Gghhhh&hellip;kkrrrr" he
    was suffocating on that walnut. I don't know what happened to me, but I just
    watched him at first; he stretched his hand towards me and that woke me up.
    I ran over to him, pulled him up and, I practically threw him on the chair
    and on his stomach. I landed my hand several times on his back pretty hard
    and, after third or fourth blow that walnut came out on the floor. He began
    to inhale deeply and, after few minutes, he was fine; "Alex, are you ok?" I
    asked. He turned around, looked at me and said, "Yes, I am fine&hellip;Jesus,
    what took you so long?" "I&hellip;I don't know&hellip;first, I though you
    were just pretending; later, I don't know&hellip;I just froze&hellip;I am
    sorry, baby", I leaned on the chair, caressed his cheek and said, "I am really
    sorry; no more throwing walnuts like that."   
He rested for a while and I continued
    with preparing that cake and dinner. I was thinking about what happened;
    seeing him suffocating like that was something new for me. More I thought
    about it, more fire I felt between my thighs. I couldn't stop thinking about
    it and, after a while, I went to the toilet. Once I sat on the toilet bowl,
    I realized that my panties were completely wet. How was this possible? How
    could I get so excited by seeing Alex suffocating? '  Jesus,
    this is so fucked up  ' I
    thought. I realized then why I froze like that; I couldn't part my eyes from
    the sight of him suffocating because it turned me on. He could have been
    dead by now, just because I got turned on by something extremely weird. I
    had to tell him; we promised we wouldn't keep anything from each other and
    he was so good and honest. I knew then that I shouldn't tell him but, I also
    knew I'd do it sooner or later as I wouldn't be able to endure the pressure
    from not telling him all.   
At the dinner, he began with our little
    game; "I will suck your big plastic cock tonight if you let me" he said. "Alex,
    there is something I need to tell you about this afternoon. He knew, by the
    sound of my voice, that I was serious; that I wasn't playing at the moment, "Sure,
    go ahead&hellip;tell me" he looked at me. I didn't know how to begin and
    it took me a little while, "Well, this afternoon when&hellip;when you had
    that little accident, remember?" "With the walnut, you mean? Of course I
    remember; how could I forget it", "Well, the thing is; when you were&hellip;when
    I saw you on the floor I froze; I just wasn't thinking and I couldn't move
    and&hellip;" I began to beat around the bush so he said, "I know all that;
    what's your point?" "I don't know how to tell you this so I am just gonna
    say it; when I saw you on the floor choking on that walnut; when you grabbed
    your throat with your hands, I was, lets say, interested in what happens,
    that's why I froze&hellip;I was excited with it pretty much." He looked at
    me for a while as he didn't really understand what I was telling him; after
    a while he said, "Of course you were excited; who wouldn't be in such situation." Once
    I realized he had no clue what I was talking about, I bowed my hand down
    and put it in between my hands, "No, no, no&hellip;You don't understand;
    I was really "excited"&hellip;like turned on, you know, aroused&hellip;"   
He opened his eyes and mouth widely
    and said, "You mean&hellip;while I was there, you&hellip;you watched me and
    it got you&hellip;it turned you on?!!" He seemed shocked; I just nodded with
    my head still keeping it firmly between my hands. He leaned back on the chair
    and let out and "Phew." "I know, I know&hellip;it is so fucked up" I began, "And,
    what's even worst, later, I was thinking about it almost all the time; I
    saw you choking on the floor and it made&hellip;", I lowered my voice and
    said, "I went to the toilet and found out that my underwear was all wet&hellip;I
    had to change it."   
He was speechless; he just sat there
    looking at me and the only thing he did was blinking his eyes now and then.
    The fact is, subconsciously, I played a rotten game on him; what I didn't
    want to admit to myself was the fact that, deep down, I knew that, humble
    and eager to please as he was, sooner or later, he'd come up with something
    to please me in that way, too. I just didn't figure it would be rather soon
    then later; after a long silence he said, "Well, if this turns you on so
    much, maybe we should do it again." "No!" I yelled and continued, "Are you
    nuts? What kind of stupidity is that? What are you going to do? Eat walnuts
    to choke yourself for me; you're insane!" I never really yelled at him except
    during our games, sometimes. He bowed his head down and said, "I am sorry;
    I just wanted to&hellip;" but I interrupted him, "No, I am sorry; I shouldn't
    yell at you, I was wrong&hellip;let's just forget about it and finish our
    dinner while it's still warm."   
We ate our dinner and kept silent; I
    thought that that night was ruined. Once we finished, he stood up and collected
    the dishes; usually he did all the work around the house. He behaved like
    a real servant and wouldn't let me do anything except for the cooking, sometimes.
    I went to the living room, stretched my self on the sofa and drank my wine.
    Once he was done with the dishes he came to me and asked me if I wanted a
    foot massage. I liked that and, as he was the happiest when around my feet,
    I said yes. He brought some towels and oil and began to rub my feet; I closed
    my eyes and leaned back. It's pretty great when you have someone to rub your
    feet whenever you feel like it; as he needed my permission for everything
    I said, "Be free to lick them when ever you want."   
He was doing a great job with my feet;
    after I while he began to talk, "I was thinking; how about a role-play?" I
    was pretty dazed with the massage so I asked, "Mmm&hellip;what do you mean?
    We did role-playing many times, haven't we?" "Yes, yes, but I was thinking
    about what we talked during dinner&hellip;maybe&hellip;" I pulled myself
    up and interrupted him, "I though we were done with that." He bowed down
    and said, "Ok, ok&hellip;I won't mention it again." "Open your mouth" I said
    and, as he did, I shoved my left foot in; "That should keep you quiet&hellip;go
    on" I referred to the massage. I leaned back again to relax; but, I couldn't
    stop thinking about what he said. I pulled my foot out of his mouth, pulled
    myself up again and said, "What did you have in mind?" "About what?" he acted
    ignorant, "Don't give me that; you know what about&hellip;role-playing&hellip;what
    did you have in mind?" "I don't know, nothing in particular&hellip;but I
    am sure you could come up with something." That pissed me off a little, "I?!
    I could come up with something?! Why me, ha?!" I was raising my voice again
    so I calmed down. "I don't know&hellip;maybe I could try to act it out for
    you or something&hellip;" he said. That sounded interesting enough, "Hm&hellip;we
    could try that; no danger in that, right?" "None at all" he confirmed. It
    got my attention so I told him to do it; he got naked as he always did whenever
    we were up to something, "Ok, ready?" he asked and I nodded with my head.
    He kneeled on the floor and began to cough; then, he grabbed his neck and
    fell on his back. He tried well enough to make it look real but, even with
    all the noise he produced, I never bought it so I said, "Stop it; it's stupid
    and it's not working." He stopped and got on his knees again, "I am sorry
    but it's completely different; let's just forget about it" I was repeating
    myself. But, he just wouldn't let it go, "Well, how about if you did it,
    ha?" "Did what?" I asked, "Maybe you could pretend to strangle me or something;
    maybe that would work." I smiled at him and said, "Look, I know how eager
    to please me you are; but really, it's not necessary this time, just forget
    it, ok?" "Ok, I'll forget it&hellip;I think you're a little scared" he said
    with a mocking tone of voice. I never liked to be mocked at so I said, "You
    shouldn't make fun of me Alex; you know I don't like that." He realized that
    he broke a rule so, he quickly crawled to me, bowed down and kissed my foot
    and said, "I am sorry&hellip;I really am; it won't happen again&hellip;Mistress." I
    liked him when he was apologizing; he seemed so vulnerable at those moments
    and made me feel powerful at the same time as protective towards him. "Put
    my shoes back on" I said; as he did I told him to turn around and lean on
    the sofa between my legs. "Ok&hellip;lets just try this since you've been
    so persistent" I placed my hands around his neck, "And, by the way, persistence
    is not in nature of someone who is supposed to be obedient and listen without
    objection&hellip;now I must punish you so I'll just choke you." Once I said
    that I felt warmth grow in my stomach; I began to squeeze his neck gently
    and, as I did, it got warmer. I felt it growing inside me just as it did
    that afternoon. Quickly and without a word I let go of his neck; he turned
    to look at me and noticed how I got restless, "Aha&hellip;so this works,
    after all." There was no reason for denial so I just took a deep breathe
    and said 'yes', silently.   
Quickly, he stood up, said "Wait" and
    ran off somewhere; in a moment he was back with a silk scarf. He kneeled
    in front of me, gave me the scarf and said, "Try with this." I took the scarf
    and tried to turn him around but he said, "No&hellip;I think it will be better
    if you see my face." I was a little lost as I didn't know what to think about
    all what was going on but I wrapped the scarf around his neck, anyway. He
    put his hand behind his back, pretending they were bound. Gently, I tightened
    the scarf around his neck and stopped, "Go on" he said so I tightened it
    some more, "Tighter!" he said and added, "Choke me, please." I couldn't talk;
    I was getting too excited to talk. I tightened it more but I didn't stop;
    I continued to pull the scarf ends in opposite directions. Suddenly, I couldn't
    hear him breathe anymore so I stopped and kept it that way; he began to gasp
    for the air and that sound drove me nuts. Again, it made me all wet and turned
    on. I loosened the grip but I didn't want to; I thought I could come just
    by looking at him choking. I was breathing heavily; as I took the scarf off
    he said, "May I?" indicating with his head at my cunt. I just spread my legs
    and said, "Yeeeesss." In a second he tore off my panties and shoved his face
    in my cunt. I came in an instant as I felt his tongue probing deep inside
    me, "AAHHHHHH! YEEEESSSS!!!" I moaned loudly. My hands were on his head and
    I just wouldn't let go of him; finally, when I released his head he came
    out and looked at me. His face expressed satisfaction; he pleased me and
    that was the only thing that mattered.   
I watched him for a while, placed my
    right shoe on his chest and pushed him on the floor, "Lay still" I said.
    I pressed my shoe on top of his cock and began to, gently, mash it. It got
    hard in an instant, "Tell me what you want" I said, "Harder" he replied.
    I used to ask him that every time when he deserved it; well, he always deserved
    it but it was just another game; I'd let him choose what he wanted me to
    do to him. "Step on it&hellip;harder, please" so I did; I stood up above
    him and said, "Do you want me to squash it? I'll squash it if you ask me
    to" he loved when I talked like that, "H&hellip;here" he pointed at his chest
    as he wanted me to climb on it. I put my other leg on his chest and climbed
    up, "Well? What more do you want?" "W&hellip;walk, please" so I began to
    walk over his torso; it wasn't a big deal as I was really light. "Tell me
    how do you see yourself now?" I asked. "I am a little worm under your powerful
    legs" he said, "That's right, you are&hellip;I could just splat you into
    pulp", I was just following one of his fantasies. I came closer to his head,
    placed my right shoe on his forehead and said, "Lick my heel, worm!" He began
    to lick and suck on my heel, "That's right; clean it good." By his breathing,
    I knew he was close; I stepped off of him, went between his legs and said, "Now,
    you will come for me", I squatted down, grabbed his balls with my left hand
    and squeezed them; with the other, I grabbed his cock and began to stroke
    it. After a few strokes, I bowed my head down and swallowed is shaft. I sucked
    it hard for a few times while still stroking it with my hand; he began to
    move his waist and his muscles got hard; I felt hot sperm filling my mouth
    and my throat and I continued to suck.   
When he was done, I looked at him, licked
    my lips and said, "I am gonna swallow you completely one day."   
That was it for the evening; later,
    we just relaxed and drank some wine. I had to order him to sit beside me
    on the sofa; he liked to sit on the floor beside my leg just leaning on the
    sofa. It was ok with me; I'd rest my legs on him but, sometimes, I wanted
    him on the sofa just to lean on each other; sometimes I just wanted a hug. "This
    I just as good for me as using you as my footrest; I like a little romance
    from time to time, too", he smiled at me and said, "I know&hellip;all the
    women do; Mistresses too."   
We talked about our games that evening;
    he admitted he wasn't completely indifferent about it, too; "I don't know&hellip;when
    I saw your eyes while you tightened that scarf around my neck, it excited
    me, too&hellip;next time, maybe you should make some angry face or say something
    like&hellip;like 'you're dead' or 'I am gonna strangle you now'&hellip;"   
I liked the idea, "Ok, next time we'll
    try that; just as long as we play it safe." "Of course&hellip;I wouldn't
    want it any different way, believe me."   
From that night on, every session we
    had included that kind of role-play; I came up with few ideas and so did
    he. In fact, I tried to invent new ones all the time I spent alone; he'd
    come back from work and I'd usually tell him what I had in mind. Or, we'd
    just implement it in our talk during the dinner, "Do you know why I made
    such a great meal for this evening?" I used to ask, "No, I don't; please,
    tell me", "I made all this great food because this is your last meal; I decided
    to kill you tonight." He would act like he was afraid and he'd start to beg
    for mercy, "Please Mistress, don't kill me; I'll be good&hellip;I'll be much
    better from now on, just don't kill me, please." Then I'd talk back to him
    like, "Oh, but I already decided; you know I don't like to change my own
    decisions, right? Anyway, I thought you wanted to die for me&hellip;to please
    me, you know&hellip;because, it's the only thing that could please me now;
    I've been feeling so bored and unsatisfied for days now&hellip;you see, that's
    why I have to kill you, ok?"   
If someone was to hear the stuff we
    used to say during those dinners, we'd end up in jail or some mental institution
    before we could do anything else.   
"Tonight I had a special treat for you
    in mind: it's called a 'tri-dildo-kill'!" I gave it names, too. "Oh, and
    how that works?", "Never mind; you'll find out soon enough&hellip;it will
    be your last surprise." Basically, it was always about breath control; that
    was the only controllable thing we could do. "When you finish cleaning up
    the kitchen come down to the basement; I'll be waiting but don't make me
    wait too long." I left for the basement to fix myself up and to prepare all
    of the toys I needed. He was quick with cleaning and he came down; he was
    already naked when he showed up and he always kept in mind how I loved things
    neat and clean so, before he came down, he took a quick shower. I wore my
    usual outfit; corset, boots, gloves, etc&hellip;"Come over here" I called
    him; I placed a collar around his neck and tugged him towards the bed. We
    stopped near it and I looked at him; I passed my right hand across his chest
    and said, "Mmm&hellip;I am ready; are you?", "Yes Mistress" he replied. I
    pushed him down on his knees and took a dildo; he was watching every move
    I made, as always. I strapped it around my waist and brought it close to
    his face, "Lick it first" I ordered. His tongue came out and he began to
    lick the tip of it; his tongue went around it and down to the plastic ball.
    Once I was satisfied I grabbed his head and, with my other hand, led the
    dildo into his mouth. He began to suck on it, his head moved up and down
    on it in slow motion. "Yesss, suck my cock&hellip;that's it&hellip;suck it
    good&hellip;Faster!" and he increased the pace. I looked below and saw his
    cock standing up tough, "Mmm&hellip;you like being my bitch, don't you&hellip;yeess,
    enjoy it while you still can." After some time I told him to stand up; I
    took another, a little bigger dildo, and strapped it around his waist with
    the dildo at his back. He watched me wondering what I was doing, "Now, lay
    down on your stomach." He lay on his stomach but transversally on the bed
    as I instructed him; I secured his hands and legs to the bed with four ropes
    I prepared earlier and I went in front of him. "I'll be a little rough with
    you tonight; is that ok with you?" I asked him. Not that it really mattered
    but his answer was yes, as always. "Good then" and before he knew it I shoved
    the dildo in his mouth hard; 'mmmphh' was the sound that came out of his
    throat. Once the dildo was all the way in I removed the strap from me and
    strapped it the other way, around his head. I took the third dildo, the biggest
    one and strapped that one around my waist. As his legs were spread already
    I just leaned it at his anus and penetrated him. Funny, he never needed any
    lubricants; his ass would get all moistly from who knows what. "Now, I'll
    fuck your ass good&hellip;like a real bitch you are" and I began to push
    it in. In a few moments, I was fucking his ass rapidly and, with each ram
    he squeaked thru the dildo in his throat, "mmmHH&hellip;.mmmHH&hellip;. !!!" The
    sound of him squeaking like that made me crazy; I grabbed his ass and just
    stuck it hard a few times on my dildo; it disappeared completely inside him
    and I stopped; as I did he bucked his body up and let a loud moan. I looked
    at the dildo erecting from his back and I got so horny thinking of what I
    was about to do. I removed the strap off my waist but left the dildo in him;
    he was in pretty bad and uncomfortable position; both dildos were a huge
    discomfort and somewhat painful so, all of his muscles were constantly tensed;
    and that was just what I wanted. I took a rope I had near the bed and climbed
    on it; I straddled him and said, "Be a good pony, now" and I put it around
    his neck. I positioned my pussy above that dildo and just slid on it; I had
    no problems as I was all open and wet. Then, with my right hand, I took the
    dildo that was shoved in his ass and, with the other I held the rope like
    curbs. "Lets have some rodeo!" I said and began to move the dildo in his
    ass in all direction; as I did he began to buck and curve up and down, left
    and right. "Oh yes&hellip;that's it, come on you wild pony&hellip;yeah." I
    knew how exhausting this was for him but I had great time; as he jumped all
    over, I jumped on that dildo&hellip;it was magnificent and I was going insane
    with lust. It didn't last long; he began to loose his strength and, after
    a while he was barely moving. "Oh, what a shame&hellip;and it was so good" he
    just lay there trying to catch his breath. "Well, I am afraid that's it;
    I am not satisfied yet and you are no good anymore so&hellip;" I tightened
    the rope around his neck, "I'll just dispose of you now&hellip;that seems
    the best." I began to tighten it more and, at the same time, I rode his back
    and that dildo as fast as I could, "Oh yeess&hellip;oh, god&hellip;this is
    it&hellip;" I pulled the ends of the rope hard and instantly came, "AAAHHHHH!!!
    YEEESSSS!!!" As I went orgasmic, I jumped all over like crazy; it took me
    a while to calm down and I realized I never let go of that rope. Quickly,
    I did and leaned forward, "Shit! You ok?" and he just nodded with his head.
    I gathered my act together, got of the bed and removed all dildos from him. "Haaahhhh!" he
    gasped loudly; I untied his hands and legs and he turned over; he placed
    his hand on his throat to feel it, "You sure you're ok?" I asked again, "Yes,
    I am fine" and he coughed a few times. "What do you want?" I asked him and
    continued, "You deserve to choose now." He looked at my boots, then at me
    and said, "I want you to squeeze me, please." I didn't know what he meant
    so I asked him, "Squeeze you? What do you mean?" He stood up from the bed
    just to sit on the floor; he spread his legs and took hold of my boot, "Here" he
    said and pulled my leg between his legs. He held his cock up with his hand
    and exposed his balls on the floor; I held my leg in the air and he positioned
    it above his balls just to place it atop of them. I was surprised with what
    he wanted so I asked him if he was sure, "Yes&hellip;I am sure." "Ok then" I
    said and leaned on the bed to have better balance control. My boots were
    big with thick soles so his balls disappeared beneath it; I began to add
    some pressure but really slow. As I did he was stroking his cock slowly; "A&hellip;A&hellip;A" he
    began to moan and put a painful look on his face, "Shut me up, please&hellip;I
    want you to shut me up." Quickly, I removed one of my gloves, rumpled it
    and shoved it in his mouth; I kept my hand over his mouth too and pressed
    his head to the bed; he just looked at me gratefully. He nodded his head
    as a 'yes' and I added more pressure. He stroked his cock faster, closed
    his eyes and made a convulsion of his face. I saw that he was close so I
    just stepped fully on his balls, lifting my other leg in the air. I stood
    like that for a few seconds and quickly removed my leg; as I did, his sperm
    came out high hitting all the way to my thighs and all over my boot. I always
    said I wouldn't hurt him but, as he asked me to, on several occasions, I
    gave up; he liked it and that was it&hellip;and began to like it, too; I
    guess I always fantasized about hurting a slave, just not him.   
I began to think how we were, maybe,
    overdoing it a little; I realized that, since our first date, we haven't
    had a single day as a "straight" couple. I proposed a little change, "One
    week we will act like all other people do; we'll just be a wife and a husband,
    deeply in love with each other; in the evening, we'll go to our bed and make
    love plain old missionary way." He listened carefully what I was saying and
    agreed, "Ok, I guess we really should do it; maybe this is getting out of
    hand a little." I didn't really share his opinion; after all, the relation
    we had and the things we liked were the main reasons that brought us together
    in the first place; still, I said he was right and how we should ease up
    a little. And it was good, too&hellip;for some time, at least. The funniest
    thing was that, first night we went to bed and made love, I had to give him
    some guidance on sex known to "straight" folks. The fact was, since he was
    still a virgin when we met, he never actually did it "normal" way. We had
    sex, sure; however, he never really fucked a woman in a missionary position
    or, for example, doggy style. I was every single time on top, fucking him
    instead.   
He liked it and I liked it, too; but,
    after 5 days it got boring. It was the same routine every time: we kissed
    a lot, I sucked his cock, he ate my pussy, played with my tits and then we'd
    fuck; missionary, doggy style or sideways&hellip;whatever. I knew he got
    bored as I did; I just let him do the first move.   
I knew that, sooner or later, we would
    proceed with our games just as before; while we had our "romantic" week I
    thought about it and how to freshen up our role-playing a bit. I found a
    special store; they sell different articles like the actors use while making
    a movie. For example, fake bloods or guns producing sound or small flames
    but without bullets; all those things appear very real but are all fake.
    The guy that worked there was more then happy to demonstrate how few of those
    items worked. So, I bought a knife; it was pretty long knife, about 14 inches.
    The knife itself looked so real I had to examine it thoroughly to see how
    it really works. It was a retractable type; the blade would retract into
    the handle if you pressed it against something; also, there was a small button
    on top to release that fake blood from several smallest holes on the blade
    edge. I bought some fake blood, too to fill it up. I was ready to give Alex
    a really freaky surprise.   
On the sixth day he couldn't stand being
    bored anymore; we were sitting on the sofa after the dinner. Somehow, I knew
    that that evening we would get to our old usual Mistress-slave routine. I
    insisted to clean up the kitchen after dinner so I could prepare my toys. "I
    need to go down to get something" I said and went to the basement; I was
    quick and he wasn't suspecting anything. Once I got back, I sat beside him;
    only now, I had my black slippers with high heels on; he bought me those
    as well as black silky kimono I put on. When he saw me he said, "You changed?" "Yes,
    I am just more comfortable in this" I lied. We were supposed to watch something
    on TV; I mad sure he had a good view of my legs, my shoes and a new red polish
    I applied on my toenails. I knew it would work and it did; after some time
    he became restless in the sofa. He was moving every few seconds trying to
    get more comfortable, "What is it Alex? You haven't stopped moving at all
    since I got back&hellip;relax" I said. "I am just&hellip;" he began, stopped
    a while and continued, "Could you please cover your&hellip;just move them
    a little&hellip;I am getting, you know" I smiled and said, "Ah&hellip;well,
    that's why my legs are for in the first place", "For what?" he asked, "For
    driving you crazy" I joked at him although it was the truth. Before he said
    anything I continued, "I know, I know&hellip;you just want to get down there
    and start licking&hellip;slurping all over my feet, my legs, shoes&hellip;it
    is ok, I understand. I leaned closer to him, "Hmm&hellip;why don't you tell
    me how addicted you are to my feet&hellip;I know you are but I want you to
    tell me; maybe, if you beg me good enough, I'll let you take a few licks." My
    words stirred him all up; he got so excited he began to stutter, "Mm&hellip;I&hellip;yes&hellip;a" He
    managed to say it finally, "Yes, yes, please let me&hellip;let me lick a
    little&hellip;this is so boring, I am begging you, please." I watched him
    for a while like I was still considering it, "Ok, you may; get down and lick
    but just for a while." I didn't finish my sentence and he was already wetting
    my feet; he was right, everything else was boring to both of us. I almost
    rather felt his tongue on my feet then on my pussy. "Mmm&hellip;good boy,
    that's it&hellip;yes, clean between my toes&hellip;ohhh" he moved fast all
    over my feet and my shoes but he always waited for me to tell him to remove
    them, "Ok, take them off now&hellip;good, that's a good puppy. The only sounds
    he produced in such moments were lots of slurping, "Open your mouth!" I commanded.
    As he widened his lips as much as he could I shoved my foot inside, "Deeper!" I
    ordered him again; sometimes it seemed like my leg could easily disappear
    inside him up to my knee, "More! Deeper!" I was strict. He took my leg with
    both of his hands and pulled it toward his mouth; soon, he was choking on
    it, "Come on; I want to feel your lungs with my toes&hellip;swallow it!" I
    looked down at his pants and noticed a huge bump between his legs. I pulled
    my foot out and said, "Ok, that is enough for tonight; remember, I said only
    for a while." His eyes got so sad I felt really sorry for him, "No, please&hellip;don't
    torture me like this, please&hellip;I would rather that you whip me, kick
    the shit out of me but don't torture me like this." I began to laugh and
    I said, "Alex, I was just joking&hellip;I am feeling bored too when I am
    not abusing you, even for a little, ha, ha, ha&hellip;come on, let's go downstairs." He
    needed no second invitation; we were in the basement in a second. "Take off
    your clothes while I think about it a little", again I lied as I had it all
    figured out. I put the leash on him; that was something I always used. I
    had no intention of changing my clothes so I said, "Get down and continue
    where you started." He fell on his knees, bowed down and continued to lick
    my feet and my shoes; I told him to go behind me and lick clean the back
    of my legs. He was very good at any kind of licking; his tongue was constantly
    wet and very fast. I was fortunate no to be ticklish; otherwise I'd had problems
    with his tongue caressing my skin. "Up! Lick upwards!" I said and pulled
    up my kimono. Below it I was naked so I asked, "What do you see?" he looked
    up and replied, "I see your divine ass, Mistress." "Good, now get to work;
    clean it up for me&hellip;nicely." He straightened up and began to kiss my
    cheeks; his tongue found its way to my crack and soon, his tongue was probing
    my ass, "Gooood&hellip;that's good; I forgot to wash it in the shower and
    I need a good cleaning&hellip;you can do better then that, can't you?" "Yes
    Mistress, yes" and he got to it more eagerly. It was a lie and he knew it;
    I always kept myself clean for him. I began to slowly lower myself down,
    pushing him to the floor at the same time; once he was lying on the floor
    and I had my bottom above his face I said, "I was wondering; if something
    would come out of my asshole now, would you move away?" I was in right position
    above his mouth holding my kimono in my hands. At first he hesitated with
    his answer so I asked, "Well? I need an answer" "Well&hellip;if you want
    me not to move then I wouldn't, Mistress." I stood up, turned around and
    said, "Oh Alex, that is so romantic&hellip;you would even feast on my excrement
    for me&hellip;that is so nice of you" I leaned towards him and continued, "But
    don't worry; I was just joking about it." I moved backwards between his legs
    and kicked his balls very gently, "I'll do it again now and I want you to
    stop me when it gets too strong for you." I kicked him again with little
    more force; as he didn't even move I did it again and again stronger, "More?" I
    asked and he nodded his head. This time I kicked is balls seriously and he
    yelled, "AAAHH!" I thought that was it but he kept silent; I pulled my leg
    backwards and stopped it about 4 feet from his balls; I thought he'd say
    no to that but instead, he just closed his eyes and waited. My leg flew thru
    the air and the tip of my shoes collided with his balls forcefully; "AAAARGGGGHHH!!!" he
    screamed and said, "No more&hellip;please" he grabbed his balls and curled
    on the floor. I looked down at him said, "No more? Ok, no more then&hellip;but&hellip;" I
    acted pensive for a second, "If I cannot abuse you anymore, what purpose
    do I have from you, ha? Maybe I should just kill you and get on with my life." He
    looked at me beseechingly and said, "If you must, Mistress" and I replied, "Yes,
    I am afraid so; now stand up and go sit on that chair", I pointed to the
    chair near the table. As he did I went to take a long rope from the closet;
    as I came back to find him waiting on the chair I began to wrap the rope
    around him and the chair, together. I could have just tied his hands and
    feet to the chair but this was more fun. It took me a while to do it, to
    make the rope tight around him and to leave some small space for his cock
    which, by the way, was up and hard constantly. Once I was done, he looked
    like a mummy; only his head, feet and his cock were visible. I took of my
    kimono and straddled him; his cock was standing upwards very proudly so I
    just slid on it and began to ride him, "Ohhh&hellip;nice&hellip;it's a pity
    a have to kill you for real this time" I said, "We could still have some
    fun, you know." I tried to make my voice sound serious and I managed it;
    he asked me, "What&hellip;what do you mean for real?" I looked at him pitifully
    and said, "You know, for real&hellip;there's no coming back this time Alex." He
    was pretty concerned as I never used to call him Alex in such moments; also
    my voice sounded differently&hellip;much more serious. "Look" I said and
    pulled out a knife under the rag that was hiding it on the table; when he
    saw it, he freaked out, "What? No!" I held the knife in my right hand between
    two of us but, even with all this talk, I never stopped riding him, "Oh yes&hellip;you're
    so hard tonight&hellip;mmm; I got a little bored with all that&hellip;ooohhh&hellip;choking
    and strangling&hellip;yes, god&hellip;so I wanted to try something else." "But
    Anita, please" and when he said my name I knew he thought I was serious, "I
    don't want to die&hellip;no", "I know baby, I know&hellip;it's just&hellip;ooohhh&hellip;I
    got bored with taking your breath away and&hellip;and I want to try something
    else and&hellip;" I felt my orgasm was coming soon, "Oh god&hellip;yeessss&hellip;I
    am gonna&hellip;I am gonna&hellip;" I grabbed his hair with my left hand
    and pulled his head backwards; his neck was exposed to me completely. He
    tried to struggle but he just helped me to come, "Yes&hellip;I am gonna cut
    your throat now&hellip;I'll slay you like a&hellip;" I placed the blade against
    his throat, "Nooo!" he screamed and I just slid the blade across his neck
    while pressing that button at the same time. I came hard; my whole body went
    spasmodic when I saw how real it actually looked. That fake blood made a
    neat line on his neck and was dripping down slowly. For a moment I actually
    thought I killed him; he brought me back when he said, "I'm&hellip;I'm alive&hellip;" and;
    as I let go of his hair, he pulled up his head. But, when he saw the blood
    on the knife he freaked again, "Nooo! What did you do?" "I killed you Alex&hellip;it
    just needs some time to take you." He was completely confused as he didn't
    feel anything but, seeing that blood didn't seem normal. "Look" I said and
    slid the blade across my neck, too; "Its fake Alex&hellip;it's all fake" I
    had to calm him down because he began to tremble.   
I took that rug, wiped off the blood
    and said, "You're fine Alex; we both are." As he calmed down slowly I remained
    sitting on his cock; the thing just wouldn't soften. "How could you even
    think I'd kill you, ha?" I pretended to be angry at him; whatever I'd do
    to him, he would always end up apologizing to me. "I am sorry; it just seemed
    so real&hellip;all of it, you, that knife, blood, everything&hellip;I am
    sorry, forgive me please&hellip;" I stood up and began to untie him, "No,
    no, no&hellip;that's not good enough; you mistrusted me and that requires
    a little more then just 'I am sorry'." I told him to do one of the most difficult
    things for him. I sat on the chair and ordered him to stand few meters away, "Now,
    jerk it off for me." He had no problems coming 5 or 6 times in couple of
    hours as long as I did something to him. But this way it was difficult like
    hell, "Go on and don't beg; I wont change my mind." He knew that already
    so he took his cock and began to stroke it; soon, it was limp and he closed
    his eyes imagining who knows what to get it up again. He managed, then he
    moaned, then it went limp again&hellip;anyway, it took him 40 minutes to
    come and I enjoyed every minute of it.   
We were done for the evening so we went
    upstairs and got ourselves ready for bed. Once we were in it we talked a
    little and he asked me if I could restrain myself from doing something similar
    as I did tonight. He said he was scared like never before in his life and
    how he would like to be that way again. I promised I won't.   
"But, since you said you wouldn't move
    away from my excrement I'll have to reconsider that one, then" I was teasing
    him, although, I had some thoughts about it. At the end I asked him something
    and a new great idea came out of it, "I just want to know; what was you thinking
    about while jerking yourself off&hellip;you know, when you needed to get
    your erection back and when you came?" He began to explain his thoughts at
    those moments; more-less it was all already known and familiar to both of
    us until the end. "And, when I felt I could come&hellip;you know, after so
    much time I felt really tired and&hellip;anyway, when I felt I could come
    I imagined myself standing on a chair with a noose around my neck; and my
    executioner was right there wearing a black hood&hellip;" his words made
    me shiver; I felt aroused and wondering how it wasn't me to come up with
    hanging, "And she just pushed the chair under my feet and hanged me; that's
    when I came." "She?" I asked, "What do you mean 'she'? Wasn't it me?" but
    he just waved his head and said, "Nope&hellip;I am sorry but it was someone
    else." He wanted to piss me off and he succeeded; I jumped on him, pushed
    him down and said, angrily, "Someone else? Who? Don't you ever even think
    that someone else could&hellip;" I stopped for a second and said, "Kill you?" and
    we both burst into laughter.   
Mail To:  mm2000xx@hotmail.com   
   
&copy;   By
      M.M.   
Look for more stories from
    the same author at:   
BDSM
      Library - story: Video Training  
BDSM
      Library - story: Doctor's Advice  
BDSM
      Library - story: Why Not   
Or just click to follow the above links&hellip;  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  M.M.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





