BDSM Library - Ponymaking




Ponymaking
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: PonymakingPonymaking   
Taking  
The acquisition went smoothly, as usual I picked my pony
  to be with care. First step, to acquire always go to another state, preferably
  one in which you didn't "work" before. Find the matching specimen, in this
  case an eighteen year pale blonde 5'10'', with a 36C-26-30 figure. Second step,
  observe and find about her as much as possible, doctors records are quite helpful,
  you don't want to acquire someone who has any future health problems. Third
  step, a stun gun and a van always work. Fourth step, in a rent magazine prepare
  her for shipment, that is an vigorous enema, catcher and but plug with cables
  to get hold of the waste, an IV with nutrition, sleeping and calming drugs,
  and a breathing tube, I don't really on masks any longer, I had a perfect acquisition
  die once because a mask slipped of her face and she suffocated in the case.
  Then go the arm and leg binders, hood, posture collar, corset and on it all
  a stiff body bag. Of course no rubber or leather the skin can't breathe in
  those things and you get a burnt skin that you must leather treat. The boning
  is definitely not metal of any kind, generally you want to avoid metal as much
  you can. Then you fit her into a case big enough to fit her and the life sustaining
  system. And then I ship her to the first "pit stop", I never go for the straight
  route, yeah the shipping takes longer with me picking her up at three or more
  places and always going for different companies sometimes even skipping myself
  from town to town to change them, always making sure she is still alive and
  filling up the food and drugs, but it serves two purposes. First it muddies
  the trail to eventual pursuers and second after a longer time the pony to be
  is weaker to fight its destiny. The whole process takes about a month.  
Transforming  
As she arrives on place my operating team is ready, by operating
  team I mean my "veterinarian" which transforms and leather takes care of my
  ponies. I'm his only nurse and help during the process. The subject is never
  woken up. I don't treat my ponies as sentient, they are animals and you don't
  explain an animal what you are about to do with it, you aren't also unnecessarily
  cruel to it, so you don't wake it so it may witness its own change. After undressing
  the future pony goes through an intensive check up. Including X-ray, blood
  tests, magnetic resonance and all the other stuff. For this purpose I have
  built in my ranch what amounts to a hospital with one ward and an operating
  theatre. Before the various operations the doc stabilizes her and I prepare
  the required "equipment" which will go into her. My ponies are remade in a
  very extensive way. First the doc amputates the arms at the shoulders so no
  even stumps remain he must patch up the place very carefully as to not damage
  unnecessarily the muscles and skin so she doesn't have scars. This is the worst
  and if she lives we go on so I'm doing a body wide electrolysis except a potion
  on the head that will become the mane, the doc implants a wide strip along
  the spine to the shoulders with her cloned hair focilles to lengthen it. The
  back teeth go out to leather allow the bit to fit in. Then its time for the
  last three implants. One pair goes into the ears, it's a marvel what modern
  science can do. This are miniature receivers and speakers that fit in just
  before the eardrum they are connected to a small computer chip implanted on
  the shoulder with a battery under the other. The program filters what she hears
  and switches human languages into garbage, the only partial recognizable sound
  will be her name, which I impute beforehand. It will be Golden Sunrise. The
  second pair of implants are her hooves, this are special design titanium alloy
  braces that go into her feet to keep her on her tiptoes, they reach from above
  the ankle where they strengthen it and are partial movable to allow ankle movement.
  Then goes the feet part, which is unmovable and consists of multiple layers,
  which capture and hold steady the small bones of her feet. Her toenails are
  removed so they wont interfere witch the outer part that is a titanium hove
  coated in a thin layer of industrial grade rubber to allow for a slightly springier
  gait. The hove has screw ports for the leather fitting of a horseshoe. This
  part is always tricky for it is easy to ruin the feet of the pony but the doc
  has it down pat. The last implant is her tail, the stub is also a titanium
  alloy porous to allow for the back mussels to attach themselves and the skin
  to catch on. This goes on to the final stage of the spinal column, the attachment
  points for the muscles allow for the tail to be movable by muscle control.
  The skin to coat the outer part, which looks as a thin cord 5' long and 1'
  thick around the base and narrowing itself at the end is cloned before and
  implanted with her hair fociles to allow hair growth. Through the whole following
  healing process Golden Sunrise is kept under, it takes about two months any
  longer and muscle lost would be very hard to overcome. As it is it will take
  up to a year in training to reach the optimal strength, but everything good
  requires time as they say. There is one last change to make, her voice, but
  as I wont her to be able to produce whinnies and snorts it has to be made as
  she is at least partially by her senses. The doc has the results of the various
  tests, X-ray pictures and what not of her vocal box but to successfully modify
  it he has to observe it at work, so after she is ready to be released we get
  her hooked up to the aperture and lessen the drugs as she comes to herself
  we stimulate her to make noises, ok we make her scream, whine, cry, and what
  other noises she is capable of making, and that includes bringing her to orgasm.
  Then we bring her under again and the doc goes to work for the last time during
  the transformation. After two up to four days, I bid him good-bye and transfer
  her into the stable. I remove the IV, catcher and but plug and lay her on the
  straw, as it is the late evening and the drug will let her sleep till morning
  I go to sleep myself in the near bay stable hands room. I know that from morning
  onwards it will be a hard time for her and she will need me to calm her and
  to train her. 
Training &ndash; Part One  
I wake well before her and after eating and what not go
  into her stall, it is discreetly monitored by cameras so that leather I can
  observe her and watch above her. I don't want her to suicide on me after all
  the work I made to make her. As she comes to herself I can see the first signs
  of distress showing, the motions of the shoulders and realization that she
  can't feel her arm and hands hit her first. Her eyes spring open in shock and
  a loud whinny of distress fills the stable. Fortunately I split the main one
  from the training one long time ago as to not stress the old ponies with the
  view of new and untrained that could make them remember their own beginnings
  as ponies. The shock mounts up as she hears herself whinny and registers her
  hooves and tail. She is full into it and barely registers me holding her and
  caressing her mane to calm her. The whole first day is spent so with me trying
  to feed her with cereal and milk, this being the last day when she gets to
  eat normal food, leather it will be grains and dried vegetables. In doing so
  I'm fixing myself as the only person in her life to rely on. I drag her on
  a short walk so she can get a feeling for the hooves and being naked in my
  presence. The days go on with longer walks and trots, the greatest hurdle of
  the second day was when she had to relive herself and I walked her to a nearby
  meadow. It was obvious that she didn't want to do it in my presence but couldn't
  hold on anymore. At first it was all done without the harness and I didn't
  correct her form at all, I wanted to get her on her feet, used to her new body
  balance, new hooves and lack of arms. Especially the last one made her relay
  on me as she tripped frequently, I spoke to her using a gentle tone and frequently
  calling her by her new name so she could get used to it sooner. I think she
  knew what that I was training her, but after the long period of forced sleep
  she was to week to do anything on her own, as she regained her strength she
  learned that I was always there for her, that I knew what came next and she
  didn't. About a month later I introduced her to some serious training and some
  harness. At first it was a simple leather posture collar with silk lining to
  prevent skin scratching, to keep her head straight and fixed facing forward.
  With it came the training on the rope, I would stand in the middle of a collar
  with a long whip and made her trot in circles. At this point I introduced the
  posture training that is shoulders back, knees high, head up and looking forward,
  the last was provided by the collar but I made sure she maintained the posture
  all day. Horses get sugar when they please their trainer my ponies get chocolate.
  I also introduced her to endurance training, I have had this walking machine
  fixed in the corner of the stable, Sunrise would spend two hours daily at it
  at the beginning. First it was walking, she was affixed by the collar to the
  wall and if she stopped the walkway would drag her back, At first I was present
  by her all the time to correct her posture, but I started to watch her less
  and less coming at different intervals to check up on her. I'm the only human
  Golden Sunrise saw during the first three months of her training, I groomed
  her, fed her, walked her harnessed her, short said I was her whole world. I
  remember when she gave up. They always do, the lack of arms, nakedness, body
  modifications, being unable to communicate or understand others in a normal
  way it all took its toll from her, and she finally gave up one day being alone
  on a meadow as I called her she trotted to me and started muzzling me for chocolate,
  I knew I had her. By this time she had the walk down pat and was spending four
  hours daily at endurance training, two of them walking and two trotting. I
  waited a week and introduced a other groom to her she freaked out at first,
  but I was there and calmed her down, leather that day a further surprise awaited
  her, the head harness and bit. It is made as all harnesses used for my ponies
  of leather lined with silk, always the best for my beauties. The head harness
  consists of a rather wide band around the hear at the forehead and above the
  ears, from it runs a short piece between the eyes down the nose, parting just
  under the eyes and going to the corners of the mouth, there rings are affixed
  with a lose under the chin straps connecting with the collar and a second tighter
  one which goes around the head under the ears to meet the main band in the
  back. The bit is attached to the rings, the first one was very soft not to
  control but to use her to it, it barely touched her tongue not making any pressure.
  After another month I transferred her to the main stable, she was surprised
  to see my other ponies but overcame her shock quite quick, as it was time for
  more strenuous training I called for the doc to examine her.  
Training &ndash; Part Two  
The doc came the next day checked her pronounced her to
  be ok and shaping up nice and gave ok with phase two of the training. During
  the check up she remained fairly calm as she was used to other people by now,
  still I was the main person as I still was the only one to give her chocolate.
  From check up I lead her to the "blacksmith" to put horseshoes on her. As she
  would begin to use some canter and gallop the rubber coating on the hooves
  would ground up fairly fast and I didn't want that, so the horseshoes where
  screwed to the hooves using the beforehand prepared holes. I gave her a day
  to get used to the new feeling and used this time to introduce a new trainer,
  he would train her to canter, gallop, and pull a sulky. The whole staff of
  the stables are people of the same tastes as me which I picked up at various
  times and parties surrounding the pony girl scene. From this day on Sunrise
  had a fixed routine, wake up at 7 a.m. till 8 a.m. grooming, feeding and reliving
  herself at a meadow near bay the stable, then endurance training till 10 a.m.,
  one hour of posture training at canter and later gallop, an hour of rest with
  the other ponies plus a light "lunch", two more hours on endurance, one of
  sulky training, an hour of cross-country walking/trotting with a trainer in
  a sulky leading her. An hour of rest and "dinner", from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m. endurance
  training and leather rest till 8 p.m. after that came bathing, evening grooming
  and she was lead to her stall. In the morning she was fed in her stall, but "lunch" and "dinner" were
  eaten by all my ponies from a common trough on the pasture. There were various
  fruit trees and bushes planted on it and the ponies were encouraged to eat
  from them. At this point the full harness was introduced. That is a board waist
  corset, although its purpose was not to reduce the waist and take her breath,
  it was used as a firm attachment point for the sulky, it reached from above
  her hips to just under the ribs. In the rear it went above the tail, at this
  point a strap was leading around it and down between her legs to the front
  where it parted to go around the vagina up to the corset, this prevented unwelcome
  stimulation. In the back a strap connected the collar with the corset, in the
  front four straps went up from the corset to the collar. They went two each
  from under the breasts parting, the middle ones meat in between them and went
  up as one to the collar, the outer ones went around the breasts on the outside
  curving and also reaching the collar so that all three met at one spot. To
  prevent the outer ones from squeezing the breasts vertical straps connected
  them with the back strap. The bit became a more serious affair and was used
  to put pressure on the tongue for movement and direction control while Sunrise
  pulled a sulky. Also blinkers were introduced limiting side vision. This phase
  of Sunrises training took another four months, all in all since the beginning
  it was eight she didn't react anymore in human way, gone was the shame at reliving
  herself openly, the nakedness became her nature, she played with other ponies,
  maintained her posture and was obedient to rein control. I visited her every
  day during the "lunch" and "dinner" breaks, making sure she knew I look after
  my ponies as I petted them all (I had eight with her at this time). It was
  past time to brand her.  
Branding  
The day I branded Golden Sunrise was a calm summer one.
  Although here in the south we don't get much in a way of different seasons.
  After the morning grooming the endurance practice was put off, and I took her
  to the doc again for check up, after passing with flying colures I took her
  to the "blacksmith&quot; again. There her shoes were changed for new ones which
  although the same size where heavier, I did so that she was used to the greater
  weight, and before the races I would always switch the shoes for lighter ones.
  Then it was time to brand my newest pony, my personal brand is a prancing pony
  girl in a circle, head held high, breasts forced forward one knee high. It
  is beautifully made so that the branding will look good and not be an unrecognizable
  mess. My ponies are branded on the right buttock, and the brand takes more
  then half of it. Sunrise went mad at the sight to the hot iron but I secured
  her to a frame bent forward for better access, then I froze the cheek to diminish
  the pain and in one swift motion brought the iron down. Than I took her face
  in my hands and started calming her with shooting words, she looked at me with
  hurt eyes, but I told the what a good pony she it and gave her chocolate and
  she warmed somewhat. I treated the wound so it would heal nicely and unfastened
  her from the frame. Now all that remained was a tattoo on the high on the left
  breast pronouncing her name and owner. It was done in Greek, the same as the
  name on her stall, as with all my ponies, so that she wouldn't be able to read
  it, and so remember the days when she was human. I lead her to the pasture
  allowing her to skip the early posture training and rest till "lunch". But
  the rest of the day was a standard one. From this point on her basic training
  was complete, what remained was to build up her speed and endurance up. I wanted
  to ride her in the 5 mile race at our annual games in the fall and for that
  she doesn't need to be a sprinter, she needed endurance and a bit speed for
  the finish and that was what I concentrated on. maybe as the years go by and
  she will not be able to compete anymore I will retrain her for posture contest
  but that is in the future, as is also breeding, racing, working in a team and
  other joys of being my pony girl.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sawa


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





