BDSM Library - The First Adventure




The First Adventure
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Kit is kidnapped, but the kidnapper seems very familiar.The first adventure   
Rob Wilson   
   
 "Would you just go already." Kit said laughing.  
 "Are you sure your going to be able to lock up alone" Paul questioned.  
 "Damn it Paul! How many times have I done this now?" She laughed. "It's
  always the same with you."  
 "It's just that I worry about you is all. I know how distracted you can
  be sometimes." He grabbed the night deposit bag with a flourish and headed
  for the door. "Don't forget to lock up," He cried waving his hand behind him.  
 In the three years that Paul had been Kit's boss, he never left early but
  tonight was his anniversary and he trusted the young Kit to do the job right.
  When they first met he had his doubts about the redheaded girl. She seemed
  a bit flaky but proved to be an asset to his floral business. "Things
  are in good hands,"   he thought. " I hate to be leaving
  an half hour early though, no &ndash; she'll be fine."   
 Kit relaxed. Now that Paul was gone she was alone in the shop. It was a
  quite night and she could take her time cleaning up. The night deposit was
  out the door and tomorrow's business was already set up now it was just a matter
  of keeping the door open for the one or two customers that might come in and
  cleaning up. She doubted if anyone would come in though, the store was out
  of the way on a back alley and most of the business they did was for funeral
  homes and weddings. Grabbing the broom she started in the front of the store
  and worked her way back to the rear of the store. She grabbed the garbage and
  took it out the back door and once she was done, locked it. She restocked a
  few displays and watered a few plants. All this took about twenty minutes.  
In about five minutes or so she would flip the sign from "open" to "closed" and
  head out into town for her date.  
 She headed for the bathroom to change into her red party dress; it had a
  slit that run up the sides showing off her legs. She always liked the look
  of her legs, and hated to admit how the cut of the bodice highlighted her breasts.
  She was always a bit top heavy but the red dress just emphasized it. She always
  had mixed feelings, on one hand she enjoyed the attention and sexiness of the
  dress but some of the lustful looks she received from the men bothered her.
  The bathroom had a full-length mirror in it and she admired herself. " Not
  bad for a 34 year old mother of two."   
 "Hello" a male voice called out. She never heard the bell over the front
  door ring and it startled her. She came out of the back room.  
 "Can I help you?"  
 "Hey." He said.  
 Kit looked at him. He didn't seem nervous but there was something odd about
  him. Maybe it was the way he stood between the front door and her, or the way
  he looked past her and into the room behind her. Whatever it was, it made her
  nervous. She moved close to the counter. Paul had installed a burglar alarm
  under the counter "just in case." She laughed at the idea, and now was glad
  it was there.  
 "I waited out here for five minutes," he said, "no one else here?"  
 "Were getting ready to close. What can I do for you?"  
 "Give me the cash." He stated simply.  
 "God damn it!" Kit rushed to the counter but before she could get to it,
  he grabbed her by the arm and spun her around. "Oomph" she cried as her back
  slammed into the far wall.  
 "Where's the money bitch?"  
 " Oh God, Oh God"   She struggled to catch her breath. "Why
  are you doing this? What do you want?"  
 "I want the cash whore. Where is it?" He reached out and grabbed her by
  the left wrist, he held so tightly she twisted around trying to escape. Her
  back was now to him and he was able to control her by that pressure.  
 "It's gone, the manager took it about an half hour ago." She thought about
  fighting back but the grip on her wrist was so tight.  
 "I wanted the money," He stated "but you'll do nicely too." He grabbed her
  right arm and twisted it back.  
 "You're hurting me! Please NO! STOP!"  
 He didn't. In fact he frog-marched her into the back room. She fell forward
  but was able to catch herself before falling face down on the floor, "I like
  that dress bitch. I bet it looks better off."  
 "Please don't do this," she begged, "please, oh God, please." Her brown
  eyes were filling with tears, but she could see him in the fading light of
  the day. Tall and muscular, he held the gun in his right hand. She stared at
  it, cold and black. She knew nothing about guns but realized that in a single
  second her life would end.  
 "Oh don't worry." He said. "I'm not going to do anything to you here. I've
  got a special place, it's where I take all my girls." "You want to be my girl," he
  continued, "I bet you'll like being my girl."  
 "Fuck You!"  
 "Oh trust me. You will." With is free hand he reached into a bag he had
  swung around his shoulder. She hadn't noticed it before. He pulled out some
  duct tape, a pair of metal handcuffs and a few strips of cloth.  
 "Sit down on the floor." he commanded. She did so quickly, so powerful was
  the timbre in his voice. "Now," he continued, "I want you to put that gag in
  your mouth."  
 Kit sat there for a second, looking at the red strip of cloth he indicated.
  She reached for it, her hand visibly shaking. "Please." She whispered.  
 The sharp crack of a hand across her cheek hurried her along. The cloth
  was rough and felt like it had not been clean in sometime. She chocked back
  a cry, swallowed and placed the cloth in her mouth, nearly gagging on the taste
  of dirt and sweat and her own fear.  
 "Cross your ankles and wrap the tape around them. It better be tight or
  else I'll beat the hell out of you." She took the tape. It was your basic silver
  duct tape. Kit could barely see through her tears, but she did what she was
  told.  
 "Now what?" she asked, surprised by her own boldness.  
 "The cuffs." He stated simply.  
 They were cold in her grasp, metal and unyielding, Kit shivered when she
  touched them. Never before had she felt so venerable and afraid, never before
  had she been in this position.  
 "On the wrists. Snap them shut. I want them tight, I'll check them."  
 Kit closed her eyes. Snap! "Oh God," Kit  thought, "what
      am I going to do?"   The cuffs pinched her skin. The " snap"   when
      they locked had been the worst sound that she had ever heard.  
 "Now for the blindfold."  
 Kit took what she thought would be her last look around the room, and pictured
  herself in the center of the room. Her feet were crossed and tied with duct
  tape, her hands were before her but restrained with cool, hard steel. A gag
  in her mouth and now blindfolded. If she didn't know any better, she would
  have thought this strange man had planned it.  
 He picked her up like a sack of potatoes, flinging her over his shoulder.
  Kit beat his back as hard as she could but with her hands cuffed and being
  carried the way she knew it had little effect.  
 He reached the back of the van and tossed her in. "OOMPH" she
      went   as he had tossed her into the van. He quickly knelt with
      one knee on the small of her back to prevent her from moving to much, grabbing
      her hands he undid the cuffs and bent her arms back behind her back before
      closing the metal rings once again. He thought about taking her right there
      in the back of the van, but instead simply lifted the red dress up and
      exposed her ass to the cool night air.  
 "Don't worry." he said, giving her cute heart shaped ass a solid swat. "You'll
  me fucking me hard soon enough."  
 Kit didn't know how long the drive was, or where she was going. All she
  knew was the fear of being tied in the back of a van, blindfolded, tied up
  and cold. She started to wish that the van would stop, that he would do her
  and be done with it. Maybe, just maybe if she performed well for him, he wouldn't
  hurt her. These thoughts were broken by a few simple words.  
 "Here we are bitch. Home, sweet home."  
 He walked around back and opened the van doors. He smiled at her, although
  he knew that she couldn't see him. In the dim light of the van she looked like
  a rag doll or some slut bondage model. He cut the tape around her ankles with
  a box cutter.  
 The second Kit felt the tape clear her ankles she kicked out in what she
  hoped was his general direction. She felt one blow get blocked easily, but
  one connected and she rejoiced in that blow. She also knew it would make him
  angry.  
 He grabbed her hair, pulling her roughly from the van. "Damn it Girl!" he
  screamed. "That's it. I'm going to fuck your eyes out." He slapped her hard,
  Kit screamed into her gag.  
 She felt her self pushed down onto the bed, her clothes being ripped from
  her body. " OH GOD! NO  " her mind screamed.  
"Paul," Kit called out from the bathroom. "Did
  you have to hit me so hard? I think you bruised me. AND DID YOU HAVE TO RIP
  APART MY FAVORITE DRESS!" She looked out of the bathroom at her boyfriend of
  three years. "What are you doing now?"  
Paul was sitting at their computer. "What" he asked
  her, "do you know about being sold as a slave?"  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rob Wilson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





