BDSM Library - Cassie's Secret




Cassie's Secret
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Cassie is a beautiful young lady who has been used by men.  Now she is the user.
                 Cassie's Secret

                  Introduction

Cassie Snow has been described as beautiful, sexy, funny, sweet,
desirable, crazy and by the use of other adjectives.  This is
a femdom story that could be described as F/m, F+/m.  The chapters
which describe the relationship between Cassie and Edward are 
graphic. There is extreme torture, scatology, and other acts
depicted in those chapters which will not be desirable to all readers.
The story is written in such a manner to enable the reader to go from 
chapter three to chapter seven and miss none of the Cassie/Charlie story. 
The author includes chapters four, five, and six as well as chapter eight
to enable the reader to better understand Cassie. 
For readers who like femdom but do not like some of the scenes in 
"Cassie's Secret" I wrote a femdom love story, 
"Naturally Demanding but Nice", which is posted on this site.    
My email address is wrighter4u@yahoo.com  






                     Cassie's Secret

                       Chapter One

Cassie believed that there were only one thing in the world
worth experiencing first-hand. Absolute, total, unrestricted
demand-fulfillment from a man. Cassie's demands were incessant
Her ultimate fantasy was spending her lifetime being served by 
one or more subservient men. That fantasy played itself over
repeatedly. She loved to daydream. She went to work for Charlie.  
She knew when she interviewed for the job that this was for her.  
Cassie was 23 and had a college degree. In high school she had 
business and secretarial classes all four years. Her accounting 
skills was comparable to a junior in college who was majoring in 
that field when she graduated high school. She had 18 semester 
hours of college when she graduated high school. Cassie was smart, 
Cassie was pretty, Cassie was relentless. She had been married 
before to Edward.  Edward was dead. Charlie knew she was 
previously married to Edward but nothing really, of her past. 
She had gained Charlie's total trust and confidence in a record 
short time in spite of his limited knowledge of her.

Charlie had this brown beard that Cassie figured he wore to disguise
his baby face, weak chin, or something. There had to be a reason
for wearing it!

She became more involved in Charlie's personal life. She ran his
business life as well. She made the deposits and paid the bills.
Charlie was single, never married. He also never dated anyone very
many times. She wondered why. Charlie was old enough to be her dad.

Charlie paid her well, but Cassie didn't have to work. Her husband of
six months had died and left her a trust which paid her $50,000
per year. She did enjoy the extra money but that was not the real 
reason she sought this position.

Charlie's business forced him all around the country. Cassie kept
up with his travels through phone calls from Charlie. Early morning 
in her car, daytime at work, and evenings at home. Even when she was 
in the bathroom. That happened more than once. Or it rang 
persistently when she was involved in something important. Charlie
believe every event in his business, was a crisis. Seldom did that 
turn out to be the actual case.

Cassie sighed audibly although her fingers never left their dance 
upon the black keyboard. Her mind was was on more personal things 
and her plans for the future.

She continued typing robotically. Her eyes could see only the
stacks of documents piled in front of her. Charlie bustled in, his
arms loaded with even more papers and folders. She typed
even as she imagined having to turn her attention to his
immediate and urgent needs, respond to his questions,
and deal with whatever he decided was absolutely essential this
afternoon.

He called her Controller to others. She wondered what he called 
her in his own mind.

Cassie drew her eyes from the screen to his hairy face and saw 
the telltale signs of consternation. Uh-oh, she worried, something 
was up. It had to be about money. Nothing bothered him as much as
money. Not business, not his top personnel, not anything. Money was 
a special case. The world ceased revolving around the sun when 
Charlie believed he could stand to lose some money in a deal,
a lawsuit, or a venture. Sometimes it seemed that making money to
him was a way of keeping score.

"Let's set our priorities for today." Charlie intoned as Cassie's
fingers flew across the black keyboard. Altough she had long beautiful
nails, she could type 120, more on a good day. "This is what we have 
to do."

His voice trailed off as he waited for her to turn her head his
way. Cassie learned that even if she didn't face him, he would
continue, convinced that she could type, take in what he was
saying, locate papers, and recall exact figures about last months
transactions. This time, she stopped her perpetual motion 
and stared at his moving mouth.

"I need to find the receipts for the trip to Austin," he began
as she reached for a ballpoint pen and scribbled on a note
pad she kept diligently next to the keyboard. "And the fax to
New York about the real estate license. Do you know where the
documents are that I used when I sued a guy in Miami last year
about the business at the beach?  Where did you put them?"

Her fingers scribbled notes. Of the things she had to find. 
She prioritized. Instantly she remembered where all of them 
were except the Miami thing. Hmmm...that would take a minute. 
Where the hell were they?

Shit, she remembered. At the other branch.

She felt Charlie's stare long before she saw it. Her fingers
continued their work and her mind categorized his requests into
chores.
 
"What's with you?" he asked without pausing for her answer. "I
need them today."

He stepped toward the file cabinet, pulled open a lateral drawer,
and rummaged through the blue legal hanging folders in a
desperate attempt to jog her into motion. He knew that if he kept
at her files long enough, she'd get up and find what he wanted for 
him. He told himself that he knew her very well. He really didn't 
know her at all.
 
"Get away from the cabinet." She commanded and Charlie stepped
aside so she could venture closer to the files. As she moved
toward the open drawer in the tight space of her tiny office, he
brushed against her hand. She ignored his touch. Again.
She handed him the files he requested and she had categorized 
in her mind as she rose from the black swivel chair and stepped 
the short distance to the file cabinet. Shit, she repeated silently. 
Just shit. As she turned to answer his as yet unasked question 
about the other emergency set of papers he needed right now, 
Cassie caught him looking at her sweater. This wasn't the first 
time. The sweater was not new, but it was extremely comfortable 
and warm enough for the cool office temperature yet scalloped 
enough to remind her that she was, first of all, a woman. His 
hand reached for her neckline.  And with immediate decision, 
she stood her ground.

Two gentle fingers picked a piece of lint from the dark green of
her neckline and flicked the offending straggler onto the dull
carpet. He had the uncanny ability to come on to her and
then back off in a most disguised fashion. She had come to know 
him, yet his frequent need to touch her often took her by surprise. 
The story replayed itself over and over. He reached to touch, he 
touched, she stood immobile and waited for the pass, it never came.
Some nights she lay in bed next to her teddy bear and thought about
Charlie. Did he want her? Did he really want her? Did he need her--
or did he really need her? What would he give.  She didn't sleep well 
when she had these thoughts.

She stared at the lint as it hit the carpet and then she bent to
retrieve it and toss it, like her fantasies, into the overflowing
wastebasket.

"Where is the Smith file."  He asked.

His question interrupted her thoughts.

Dutifully, she pulled open yet another drawer and deftly reached
for another blue folder. Handing him the requested files, they
both stood rigid as Charlie searched through the stack of papers and
pulled out the one he sought.

"Good," he responded unnecessarily. She thought she heard him
add, "girl," but she wasn't sure if that was his mouth or her
mind talking. She ignored his words and concentrated on his
moving lips through the brown beard. His words jumbled out
and she caught traces of what he said as she planned her
afternoon to allow for the trip for the papers at the other office.

"I need you to accompany me this trip. We can fly to Dallas Friday
and you will have time to shop. I remember your saying there were
some stores in Dallas you liked."

"What?" Was all that emerged.

"Dallas," was his entire response.

"What?" she repeated as if his language suddenly shifted to
Greek. "Dallas?"

"Where are you? Dallas. The venture problem in Dallas, you
remember, we hired a lawyer there. Expensive bastard charged me
Four-hundred-and-fifty-dollars-an-hour...you wrote the check
yourself and overnighted it. You don't remember four-hundred-
and-fifty-dollars-an-hour?"
 
The accusation was unnecessary. Yes,she remembered the check. 
She also remembered his petulant screaming about her hiring an 
attorney and not finding out in advance that he charged so much. 
But he wanted a specialist, a guy with a good reputation and who 
knew the good ol' boys in the Dallas/Fort Worth area. So she found 
a well-connected home boy. An expensive, well-connected home boy.

"We will leave tomorrow morning, Thursday.  The meeting is
Monday, you will have time to shop and I will have time to organize
for the meeting." Then it hit her.

"You want me to go to Dallas?" It sounded so stupid when it fell
out of her mouth.

"Yeah, and then we'll have a conference call with the folks in
New York. I think we can take care of it in two days. If not," he
paused and Cassie imagined she saw something in his eyes, "We'll
take an extra day."

Fri, Sat, Sun, Mon, Tues, maybe Wed, not like Charlie, Cassie thought.

"Charlie, I think you would look several years younger if you
were clean shaven."

He looked directly at her longer than usual.

"Um maybe you are right."  Charlie said.

Cassie smiled to herself after she had turned around.  She could
feel his eyes on her ass. She knew he loved to look at her. She
loved to be looked at.

For part of the afternoon she planned the trip. She arranged for
the use of the company plane, hotel rooms, she got them ajoining
rooms. She smiled to herself. She was really good at arrangements.
Cassie's fingers punched numbers on the phone, flipped through
Rolodex cards, flew across the keyboard, wrote checks, made out
deposits, and gripped the ballpoint pen. By 3:30, her
magnificent body rose from the black swivel chair and glided
toward the exit to go to the other office.
Charlie's voice stopped her in her tracks.

"I'll pick you up at 10:30. That will give you extra time to get
ready".  She thought what he was really saying was, look 
especially good.  She would have done that anyway.  Not like Charlie.

She remembered how much she had planned for such an ocassion
but this came unexpectedly.

She picked up the file at the other office and went home to pack
and review the file. She did not sleep much. She planned her trip.  
She hoped it would go as she had played it in her mind.

The next morning Charlie showed as promised. She was ready to go.
He came to the door, took her bags and loaded them in the car.  
Cassie was a total knock out, drop dead gorgeous. Charlie already knew
she was beautiful, he just did not realize she was that beautiful.

"You look very nice." Charlie said to her when they got in the car.

"Thank you Charlie, you look ten years younger without the hair on 
your face."

Charlie beamed.

They were on their way. The trip to the airport, parking, and 
boarding the plane was uneventful.  She did not like to fly. She 
never drink in mornings but she had a few shots this morning and on 
the way to the airport. Charlie knew she did not like to fly. He 
mentioned her drinks at first, but one glare from her and he mentioned 
it no more. They boarded the plane and in a short time they were 
taxiing down the runway. As it gathered speed and fought the gravity 
that tried to keep firmly planted on the pavement, She gripped the 
seat tightly. 

Charlie reached for her hand, the one gripping the seat He held it 
fondly, almost paternally. He patted her knuckles and her grip 
loosened, she allowed him to take her hand fully in his own dry and 
calm palms and half listened to his chatter about the legal issues 
they faced. She permitted him to soothe her.

She was calmer now. They were in the air and flying level. Charlie
was enjoying her hand and placed his other hand on her leg. She
had had several drinks before boarding. She was not inhibited and 
after a few drinks, she was feeling pretty loose. She was sure 
Charlie wanted and needed domination by a woman. That is the real 
reason she accepted this job. She knew how to spot them. She decided 
this was the time. If he was not in to that, he would pass it off to 
her being drunk. The choices emerged, she could give him what she 
thought he wanted, or let the opportunity pass. She had thought about 
this being the first in a sequence of events. She had decided to go 
for it. She whispered softly in his ear,"Get on your knees and lick 
my pussy until I tell you to stop."
 
"What" He answered, totally shocked. Never would Charlie imagined she 
would say such a thing to him, and so quickly! Dreamed of it, yes. She
must be drunker than he thought she was.

"I said get on your knees and eat my pussy, I know you have wanted 
to go down on me for sometime, do it now or forget it."
 
"What if the pilot opens the door."  He asked.
 
"He will think you are lucky, if he does not notice the brown on your
nose." She giggled.

"There is no brown on my nose." He said looking at her, god she was 
beautiful. He had not seen her hair down and in the little ringly curls. 
Her hair framed her face perfectly. He replied as he moved to get on 
his knees.

"There will be if you do not please me." She answered with a giggle.  
"And pleasing me is not easy."
  
He now had his head under her skirt. "She must be drunk", he thought 
to himself. He kissed the inside of her thighs as he moved his mouth 
toward her white panties. He could smell her pussy. It was intoxicating.  
He new he could not stop even if the whole world was watching. He 
inhaled deeply. He put his fingers on the top of her panties. Their 
fingers touched. It was like an electric shock to Charlie. She giggled 
again. He had never heard her giggle. Mark that down as another special 
thing about Cassie. Her giggle was musical to him. He knew he wanted her.  
He inserted his fingers in her panties and helped her pulled them off. 
She was not wearing hose. With a complection like hers, they would be 
a waste. She was dark with a kind of green hue. He had never noted
a blemish. She giggled again. Charlie was more than ready to give the 
best pussy eating performance of his life.
 
He inserted the tip of his tongue just a little and the first lick 
was with the flat of his tongue the length of her pussy. He took one 
of her lips at a time in his lips and applied light suction. She 
giggled again. Charlie had never heard her giggle before today. Must 
be the liquor, he thought, as he licked and she thrust her hips 
forward. She placed her hands on his head and began to dig her 
beautifully manicured nails into his ears.

"A mans ears are made only to hear his mistresses demands and to hold in
times like these." She thought.

Charlie concentrated very intensly. Since he was doing this, he wanted
to do it right. He had never seen a woman he thought was as pretty as 
Cassie. She was beautiful head to toe. He had memorized all of the 
available data on her. She was 5'7", 126 lbs, dark brown hair with 
streaks of red. Not auburn, unsual, he had never seen hair like that 
before. Still it looked natural. He believed it was. She had a large
mouth, her lips had a curve, similar to that actress, Heather Locklear.  
Cassies lips were a little fuller and the curvature of her lips was 
more pronounced and when she laughed, or smiled really big, you 
could see almost all of her beautifully formed teeth. She had large 
dark brown eyes, bedroom eyes, set wide apart with long thick lashes.  
Her cheek bones were high giving her face a triangle look. A perfect 
little nose and a rounded chin. He did not know her measurements but
he guessed they were about 35b 25 36.  She had an ass to die for.

Once Charlie started eating her pussy, he was in heaven. A few licks 
and the world could have been watching and he would not have stopped.  
She was hurting his neck and ears, Charlie made nary a sound except 
his licking, tonguing, slurping, and sucking. Her pussy was small 
and tight.  Charlie was surprised how small it was for a woman of her 
size.  He reached for her clit.  It was such a tasty little bud.  
Charlie was blessed with a long tongue.  He could easily lick
the tip of his nose. That tongue was paying dividends now. He could 
tell by her moans that he was really pleasing her. Those moans started 
as soon as his tongue started to move on her clit. It was easy to 
find her most sensitive part, and concentrate on that he did.
 
Her jucies were flowing and Charlie was swallowing. She tasted as 
great as he imagined she would. The intoxicating feminine aroma was 
not overpowering but very present. Her bush was nicely trimed in a 
triangle and was present only above her slit. Her bush tickled his 
nose with every breath. He was breathing almost as hard as Cassie. 
Sometimes she would shut off his air but always moved or relaxed 
pressure  on his head just right for him to breath. Charlie had 
eaten pussy before, but never had he met a lady that was so skilled
in her movements. This was good, he felt like the luckiest man in 
the world. Never had he believed he would get the opportunity to 
eat a lady that was so beautiful. He had paid for some great 
looking escorts before. They were all outstanding lookers, none 
in Cassie's class. He mused, none of them were as skilled at 
receiving the oral he was giving her. He credited her skill to 
her unbelievable beauty. Any man would eat her pussy. Apparantly 
many had. 

She leaned forward and whispered. "When I am through fucking your
face I will need to pee. I want every drop swallowed. Do you 
understand?"

Charlie was as hard as he had ever been in his life. This was 
something he had fantasised about. But fantasies and real time 
are very different.

His thoughts returned to real life again.

Drink her piss! This really brough him from his revelry.

"No." Said Charlie. "No way. Never has a woman ask me to do that."

She pulled hard on his neck. Her nails punctured him a little. 
"Oh Charlie", she moaned as she reached an orgasm.  She held her 
grip while Charlie swallowed sucked, and swallowed some more.  
Right now she can do anything to me. He thought. He wanted only 
to please her. She was so beautiful, her aroma so intoxicating. 
She could do anything with him she wished. He was in heaven.
Cum continued to ooze from her pussy into his mouth and he 
continued to swallow.

She can cum more than any woman I ever knew. He thought. His 
penis was so hard, it throbbed for relief. Never had he been so 
aroused. In his, paid for, encounters he had always been in real 
control. Charlie knew he was not in control this time.  

He is really a great pussy eater. Cassie thought with a smile.

"Ready for a drink, Charlie?"  She asked.

She loosen her grip a little so Charlie could answer. Although 
she heard what he said as she was nearing climax, she had heard 
him say, "No". She did not believe for an instant that he really 
meant it. He is mine, she thought.

Her mind returned to the pleasure Charlie was giving her. She had 
made her mind wander a couple times to prolong the pleasure.  
Charlie was really doing a great job. She knew she was cumming a 
lot and was really going to flood him at her climax. She dug her 
nails into the back of his neck, squeezed his face hard with her 
thighs, pushed her torso forward and screamed as she had an
intense orgasm. 

Charlie's neck hurt, his ears felt like they had been cut and torn 
off. Never had his face been fucked like this. But to hear her 
scream in pleasure was worth it all. 

"Oh, Oh, Oh, I'm cumming". She screamed loudly. A little to loud 
Charlie thought.

She held on to his head. She could hear his sucking or maybe he 
was trying to breath. She knew Charlie wanted air but just a few
more seconds. She turned his head loose and relaxed her legs. Charlie
took in air in big gasps. She let him catch up with his breathing.

"Do you have me clean, Charlie?" Cassie giggled again. "You did
please me, Charlie. You are really good at that.  I think this is 
going to be a great trip for me. You loved eating me, didn't you.
Tell the truth Charlie."  Another giggle.  "I know you liked it as 
much, maybe even more than I did! I would have prolonged it longer, 
I can make it a lot longer. But Charlie, I am about to float. I 
have simply got to go pee."

"Cassie, I can not do that, especially not here."

"Charlie, any man would eat my pussy in private. No man has ever 
refuse to drink my pee if I asked him to. This is your chance to 
prove to me you think I am as special as all of the looks you have 
been giving me for the last couple months. Charlie, if you refuse 
me a little thing like drinking my pee, I will catch the next flight 
back and you will not ever see me again. I have been watching you 
staring at me when you thought I was looking only at my copy, or the 
files, when I bent over to pickup something, and all other times. I 
know you arranged the mirror in your office so you could see me from 
your desk. I know you watch me all of the time. I am not stupid, 
Charlie. Now press tightly, let your mouth fill, and swallow in big 
gulps, exhale, breathe in, let it fill again, swallow and exhale. 
Get it wrong and you will get all wet, strangle, maybe both." 
Another giggle.
 
"Yes," He replied. How could he refuse her. He was so hard. Drinking 
her piss did not seem nearly as bad as when she first said it.  
Besides his tongue, his mouth, even his tonsils was coated with her 
cum. Her piss would wash it all down. He had never drink piss before 
but coming out of a body like Cassie's it would not be so bad. These 
thoughts went through his mind in rapid order as she again pulled his 
head tightly against her. Charlie opened his mouth wide and placed it 
tightly over her pussy. He knew he had fantacised about this very thing.
He just could not bring himself to suggest it to a call girl. Taking a 
deep breath, god her aroma was intoxocating. For a lady her size she 
was small, even though she was still aroused.
  
"I am going to pee now," she cooed. "I will pee as slowly as I can but 
I need to go so much if you can't keep up just press on my leg and I 
will stop for a bit so you can swallow and breathe. I would not want 
to choke you, the first time."
  
She teased. Another giggle.
  
She began pissing. He had never tasted piss before. It had an ammonia
smell and tasty salty. he could also taste the alcohol she had consumed.
In one word he could sum up the taste, YUCK. He could not help but 
wonder if he could become intoxicated by drinking her piss. Her piss 
was not really unpleasant, he thought as he continued to swallow big 
gulps of it. True it would be very bad except he knew the container from
which it came. It was beautiful, really beautiful. He just concentrated on
rapidly swallowing big glups. He would let his mouth fill while he
breathed through his nose. His nose was filled with the smell of her
pussy and her piss. Yep, Charlie was in heaven again. And his penis about
to burst.
  
Her mind wandered. He is really good at being my toilet, she thought.
with proper training he will become a really terrific slave. In a very
short time I will own him body and soul. I will try to increase his
useful life span for my enjoyment and pleasure. Surly I can make him 
last longer than a few years. I think it is time he retires and 
concentrates on his new position and status in life, "Cassie's Toilet",
Yes, this will be his last business trip, he is mine."

"Charlie, are you positive you have never been used before?  You are 
doing very nicely. In fact you are just to good."  Cassie said, with 
another giggle.

That probably broke his attention because he pressed on her leg. She 
stopped.

"Hurry Charlie, I can't hold very long. You do want this to be pleasant 
for me, don't you." Another giggle.

She finished pissing.

" Clean me really good Charlie, that's it. I love it when you lick me 
like that. You have a terrific tongue, and Charlie, you have been sooo 
considerate. I like a man who is considerate and concentrates on my 
pleasure instead of thinking about himself. Yes, charlie, you are a 
very good lover."

Charlie swelled with pride. His penis was swelled too. A lot. He could 
not remember an erection like this one.

"Charlie, take down your pants."

Charlie eagerly complied.

"Let me see that, Charlie." She said as she reached for his penis. She 
took it in her hand and began to stroke it.  

"Cassie, I need more, let me make love to you."

"Charlie, you already have. I do not like to be fucked. It has been 
tried and it hurt to much. You had to notice how small and tight I am.  
A big dick like yours would tear me up. No, Charlie, if you want a 
relationship with me you have to give me lots of oral attention and be 
satisfied with me jacking you off."

This was a let down to Charlie. But no one had ever said he had a 
big dick before. No one had ever said he was a good lover, she said 
"great lover". Charlie had always thought of himself as being small.  
Yet the most gorgeous woman in the world thought he was to large for 
her. The hell with what the other women thought. Cassie's thoughts 
were all that mattered.

Charlie came, his sperm splattered against the wall with the first shot.
His cum was all over Cassie's hand. 

"Why Charlie." She explained. "You are soooo manly. That was some shot
you just made. But look at my fingers, they are a mess."  

"We are making the approach, please fasten your seat belts." Came over
the speaker.

"Oh Charlie, my hand is a mess, clean it off."  

Charlie reached for the Kleenex. 

"No Charlie, that will never do."

She put her fingers up to Charlies mouth. "Lick it off, Charlie."
She said.

Her eyes were so large and beautiful. The plane was going down.

"Would you lick my cum off of your fingers, Cassie?"  Charlie 
asked in a soft voice.

"Charlie"! A lady does not suck on her own fingers. Open your
mouth. Don't ruin a perfect flight, give me your fingers and I 
will suck on them. Now open up." 
She pushed a cum covered finger against Charlie's lips.

Charlie put his fingers to her beautiful mouth, god she was 
beautiful. He opened his mouth and began licking his cum off her 
fingers. Never had he tasted his cum, or any man's cum before.  
Never did he think he ever would. Charlie was beginning a journey 
of first. Much, much more, than he could possibly imagine.
 
"Oh he will be good," She thought, as she shivered with pleasure.

"This flight has not been so bad, now has it." The pilot said 
over the speaker.

"It has been my best flight, Charlie."  Cassie whispered to Charlie, 
as she flashed him her big beautiful smile.

"I have enjoyed this flight too."  Charlie reported.

"My fear of flying may be over if I am flying with you."  Said Cassie.
Another really big smile. She leaned over and kissed Charlie on the 
forehead.

"Charlie, your face smells just like my pussy.  And no wonder, you 
still have my cum on your face. You naughty boy." Cassie giggled. 
"Hold still." 
 
She wiped some cum and put her finger to Charlie's mouth to be 
sucked.  

"Charlie honey, your breath smells like pussy and pee. I simply can't 
imagine why!"

She giggled and flashed Charlie another big beautiful smile.

She is so gorgeous, and so young, was all Charlie could think.

The canned message was given that they were about to land in 
Dallas.  The weather was sunny, slight breeze and 76 degrees.

"What a beautiful Day." Cassie said, as she flashed Charlie 
another of her big beautiful smiles. Cassie was really beaming.  
Charlie had never seen her so happy. He was so grateful to know 
he had made her this happy. Nothing was to good for Cassie, 
nothing.
  
They had flown to Dallas on Friday. They would not have a meeting
until 10:00 AM Monday. She would further his training tonight, 
Saturday, and Saturday night. She would allow him to rest and 
recuperate on Sunday. She wanted him in good shape for his Monday 
meeting. After all he would announce his retirement when they 
returned. Joe Goldbloom had offered a good price for the business 
on several occassions. Charlie would call him Monday after his 
meeting and let Joe know he would accept.
  
When they were disembarking the plane, the pilot smiled at Charlie
winked and said, "I bet you did enjoy this trip".

Charlie blushed. He wondered if the pilot knew when he was eating
Cassie. He wasn"t sure it mattered. Cassie is a true goddess.
Charlie sighed as he loaded their luggage on a cart and pushed
it outside. He could still taste her piss. He hailed a taxi and 
they rode the short distance to their motel as he savored her piss.  
They had two rooms reserved. Charlie hoped they would use only one. 
He didn't even mind having paid for two. He knew he wanted to eat 
Cassie again and not be restricted as they were in the plane. He bet 
she could really moan in bed. He longed to eat her to orgasm, suck 
all the cum from her beautiful shaved pussey and continue to lick 
and tease her clit until she could cum again. He wanted to do this 
as long as she could wiggle her 36 inch ass and he could move his 
tongue. He use to wonder why he was born with a tongue like his.  
He could touch his nose with it. Not just the tip but actually lick 
his nose, a good inch of tongue he could put on his nose. He had 
not been able to give Cassie the eating out she deserved. He vowed 
to do so tonight if he was given the opportunity. He thought she 
really enjoyed it based on the smile she flashed him and the smiles 
she continue to throw his way. Man she was beautiful!

When they checked in the Motel, Charlie looked around at all of the 
eyes on them, on Cassie, really. As they went toward their rooms he 
heard a man say, "God, she is beautiful".  Charlie had never been 
prouder.




                          Chapter Two


                   Thru the Eyes of Charlie

I was deep in thought about, the cab ride, checking in and going 
to the rooms, and our conversation in the cab. She was looking out 
the window. I continued to stare at her, Such a goddess, until she 
turned her head toward me. She flashed a beautiful smile revealing 
about two dozen perfect and sparkling white white teeth. Her Mouth 
was large with full but not large lips. The lips had a unique curve.  
When her mouth was closed I thought it was the most beautiful ever 
made. I had seen similar mouths. Like that actress, Heather Locklear.  
But Cassie's lips were more senuous and her mouth larger. When she 
smiled you were greeted with a flash of beautiful teeth that one 
could look at forever. Her large brown eyes would sparkle with each
smile. Cassie was by far the most beautiful woman I had ever seen.  
Her hair was shoulder length, dark brown,almost black, with red 
highlights that were more noticeable when she was in the sunlight.  
She defintely had a full head of hair. As I was dreaming again, 
thinking how lucky I was to be in the company of a woman so 
beautiful, She asked.

"Do you think I am THAT pretty," as she flashed one of her big 
smiles at me.
 
I smiled back and answered.

"You look like a million bucks. You are the most beautiful lady 
I have ever seen. I mean that, Cassie. That includes movie stars, 
models, and performers. You are number one, Cassie. The worlds 
most beautiful."

A Cassie smile and more giggles. 

The cab pulled in front of the motel and the bellhop brought our 
luggage to the desk where we checked in. We took the elevator to 
our rooms which ajoined each other. Each of us went in to our 
room. I brushed my teeth, washed my face and hung up my clothes, 
showered, and got dressed for dinner. I had on sports clothing 
but could put on a tie and sports coat if she wanted to go more 
formal. I certainly hoped she wanted to, "Play".

There was a knock on the door that separated our rooms. My heart 
skipped beats as I unlocked and opened the door.

'Hi" Cassie said as she stood there smiling.

"Could we grab a sandwich before we play?" She giggled.

Cassie was not at all bashful. She had changed clothes. She was 
wearing jeans and a red short sleeved sweater. You know, the type 
that clung to her tits and short enough to show her belly button.  
It seemed that I had stared for an hour before getting my speech 
back. She was smiling. I don't know if she was smiling for me or 
at me. She knew the effect she was having on me and was very much 
amused.

"A sandwich would be great." I said. Almost speechless.

She came over and gave me a quick kiss, you know, like a daughter 
kisses her father. I reached for her. She moved quickly with a 
giggle. She loved to be in control.

"Now Charlie!  Let's go get that sandwich. We can play when we 
get back."

I was hoping for a quick meal, the restaurant kind. I wanted 
the Cassie kind to take all night! Maybe I would get to experience 
actually fucking her.

We had sandwiches and beers in the lounge. Cassie wanted to 
drink more so she had a couple more while I drink one. When she 
finished her beers, she took my hand and said, "Lets go".

The giggle was right on cue. I noticed all of the looks she got.  
She appeared not to notice anyone in there or their looking at 
her.  My mind was asking, Had she ever been a model or escort?.  
I paid and we walked back to the elevator. Two men got on when 
we did. Both kept looking at her. She paid them no attention at 
all. She made me feel like a king. I was so proud of her and 
beginning to feel more than just a little cocky. The men got off 
on three, we rode on up to four. Neither of us spoke, we just 
looked at each other. I am sure the men thought us to be very 
much in love, or maybe that I was star struck. I was ready to 
be in love with Cassie. Sound quick? You have not seen her and 
remember I have admired this goddess for a couple of months.  
I was always thinking how beautiful she was and I had never 
seened her all made up. I walked her to her room, opened the 
door. She walked in turned, put her hand on the door to close 
it, and said.
"Hurry Charlie, put on your playing clothes."

I hurried! I was undressed and in my shorts and golf shirt in 
record time. I brushed my teeth to have a fresh mouth for Cassie.
  
I waited for 15 more minutes. It seemed like hours but I had 
checked my watch. Then there it was,that knock. I quickly opened 
the door.

"Well Charlie," Cassie said, with a giggle.
  
"I wanted to resume where we were on the plane." She said.
"Come on in MY room." 

She was dressed in a white teddy. I could see her nipples, 
I could see the dark triangle of her little bush. I was 
speechless. I was mesmerized, I was paralized.

She flashed a big smile and turned a 360 rapidly. "You like."  
She asked.

"yes",is all that I could say.

She held out her hand. I took her hand in mine and she led me 
in her room.
 
She said.  

"Do you mind if I tie you up."

Many giggles. She was not drunk now, not that much intoxicated.  
Maybe feeling good. She only had three beers, I think. This was 
the real Cassie I was experiencing. The Cassie I only thought I 
knew. I only hoped I could live up to her expectations. She had 
said what a man I was, what a great lover I was. I certainly 
thought she was a qualified judge. The most important judge to 
me anyway. I would not have minded if she ate me up, one bite at 
a time with all those beautiful teeth. I was completely under her 
spell. Know the old term, "Pussy whipped", that was me, with a 
capital P.  

"Whatever you wish, Cassie, you can do anything to me." I replied.

I probably sounded like a dork. No, I sounded like a dork. Like
a guy that never seen a chick dressed for fun before. I could not
help it. If a below average looking male had never been in this 
situation they could never understand. I was mesmerized completely.  
I could not take my eyes off her. Her face, her hair and even more 
now, her body.

I was staring at her, I knew it, could not take my eyes off of her.
Did not want to take my eyes off of her. Put yourself in my shoes.
Standing in the same room with a Goddess, and her in a teddy!
She went to her dresser, bent over and got a pair of bicyle shorts.
from the bottom drawer. Her ass was so beautiful I wished it was on
my face. Her legs went smothly up forever. God, she was beautiful. 
She was with me and I was still speechless.
  
"Remove your clothes and put these on." Cassie said with a smile, 
and that giggle I loved so much. It lent a, "devil quality", to
an otherwise angel. Maybe it was the way her eyes lit up with each
giggle. She would look deep into my eyes, flash a big smile, and 
giggle. I never had the feeling she was laughing at me, rather she 
was being, welll, "Playfull".

I started removing my clothes as quickly as I could. I remembered
the aroma of her pussy. I put on the shorts and didn't even wonder
why they were a good fit. God she was beautiful.
  
Cassie said. "Lie down on the bed."
  
I layed down and she said. "No not like that, with your head in the
middle."
  
I slid down until my head was in the middle of the bed. It was a 
king size bed but my legs still hung over the foot of the bed.
I then noticed she had leather in her hands. Leather straps.
  
She said. "I am going to tie you to the bed."
  
"I know of no other place I had rather be tied, if you were the person
doing the tying."
  
She smiled and ended her smile with that patented giggle, as she secured 
my ankles to the bed post. My legs were spread and secured one to each 
post at the foot of the four poster bed. She looked at me and flashed 
another one of her smiles. 
  
"Let me have this arm," Cassie said, giggling, and fastened a leather 
strap to my wrist. She attached it to the headboard and took my other 
wrist and secured it in the same manner to the other post of the headboard.
  
"I hope you trust me." She smiled. "I enjoyed the plane trip very 
much. I am going to fly all night." 

More giggles, not totally unlike a little girl when she first sees all
of her gifts under the tree. That was it! The little girl quality! I am 
surprised I had not come up with it sooner.

After her giggles she slowly removed her white panties. She got on the 
bed and straddled my face by lowering herself ever so slowly. I do not 
know how far I stretched my tongue to reach her beautiful pussy a little 
sooner. I looked into those beautiful brown eyes. She looked like she 
was already in total estasy.

Oh please do not let me refuse her anything, I thought.
  
She had an almost black bush that was a perfect triangle otherwise, 
her pussy was shaved. She was smiling as she lowered her pussy towards 
my open mouth. Man did I want to eat her. If she asked to piss in my 
mouth tonight, I was going to tell her she never had to ask again.
 
"I am glad we came tonight so that we have the weekend to get to KNOW
each other." Cassie said.
  
I began to lick and fondle her vagina with the tip of my tongue. She  
moaned softly and began to push against my face. My nose was near her 
triangle bush when she arched her butt back. As I inhaled, her pubic 
hairs were going up the inside of my nose. They tickled. I don't 
think she bathed after the trip. Her scent was a lot stronger than 
on the plane. She reached up and pulled two pillows down.
 
"Raise your head." She commanded.
  
I raised my head as she slid her ass back and set on my chest.  She
placed both of the pillows under my head. This bent my head forward
a lot. The pillows were thick.

She looked at me, pushed out her lower lip and barred her bottom teeth
I had never seen that expression on her before. It looked very sexy.
She seemed to be smiling with just her lower lip.

"Comfy," She giggled, then pushed her lower lip out again. I would 
learn that this was a, "Cassie smile", when she wanted sex.  Sex 
her way.  

She slid forward on my chest, grabbed my ears, pulling my mouth tightly
against her pussy before I could answer her. Her nails were hurting my
ears which were already sore. She was holding my ears so that six of her
nails were piercing my ears and two of her nails were piercing me just 
above the base of my jaw bone. These two hurt the most. She continued 
to hunch my face and pull in unison on my ears. Occassionally she would 
move her fingers so that her nails would dig in a slightly different spot.
Finally I could indure the pain no more. I tried to speak but the sound 
came out, "caw  ee".

"Oh, don't try to talk just suck and lick." She moaned. "I am about
ready to explode."  

She pulled and hunched even harder. The pain was much more intense than 
on the plane. When I ceased to thrust my tongue in her pussey she pulled 
and hunched harder.

"Tongue fuck me." She said. "More tongue."

I began to give her all of my tongue. She moaned and had an orgasm.
I had been receiving cum all along. My tongue and teeth were slick
with her gooey cum. My throat felt like it was full even though
I had swallowed several times. She had a lot of cum to give and
was feeding it to me.
  
"Oh oh oh, your tongue is so big and long." She exclaimed, in a
breathless voice. "This is the best fuck I have ever imagined. 
Your tongue is all I want inside me all week-end Charlie. Give me 
your tongue forever for my pleasure." Cassie said. Showing her 
bottom teeth with her lower lip extended. "Well," she inquired.  
"Will you?"

"Yes," I answered. "My tongue is yours."  I had momentarily 
forgotten the pain in my ears and neck.  Cassie sighed.

"I am holding you to that you know. I want you to call Joe and 
sell him the business right after our meeting Monday. We can go 
to my place and enjoy this intimacy every day, every night. You 
are the worlds greatest lover, Charlie!"

I could not refuse her. Even though my ears were bleeding, my 
neck hurt, my tongue was tired and felt swollen, I could only 
answer "yes. if you will marry me."
 
"Oh Charlie my love, Of course I will marry you. If you really 
and truly give your all to me." 

I started to say, oh yes Cassie. Only the, "Oh", escaped my lips 
before. She stopped me. 

"I will but only if you agree to give yourself to me. I mean all 
of you, body and soul. You must be mine completly. Can you, will 
you, live only to give me pleasures? Can you devote your life to 
me. Will you vow never to hesitate to perform cunnilingus on me at
my every whim? You already know I will not let you or anyone fuck 
me with their dick. I willingly tried that only once, it never 
would go in, I was hurt. Never again. I never want anything inside 
me again except your tongue. It is just the right size."

"I will be yours forever." I said. "As long as I live."
  
I could refuse her nothing. I am sure this was a hasty decision,
but a man can not think straight when he is staring at a beautiful 
woman's pussy, that he has just eaten, and immensely enjoyed.

"Then I want to get married as quickly as possible."  Cassie 
replied with big smile and eyes so large and so bright. I loved 
looking in to them as I casually licked her pussy like it was candy.

"I know I will be very happy, Will you Charlie?"

"How can I not be happy, I am going to marry the most beautiful 
woman who ever lived." 

Cassie pressed her pussy against my mouth again.

"I love that tongue, fuck me some more."  

The affair on the plane had been gentle with me making intimate love
to her pussy. This time she wanted and was demanding hard, raw, and
violent fucking. She was actually lifting almost off my face and 
coming back down. To suit her I was moving my tongue in as far as it 
would reach and bringing it back as far as I could. Thrusting and 
retracting. Each time my tongue came back it brought cum with it. I 
licked, sucked, and fondled her beautiful pussy with my mouth and 
tongue. Nothing but Cassie's pleasure entered my mind. So my penis 
was engorged and hurt like hell, my Goddess was receiving pleasure.  
She showed her pleasure by moans, the way her eyes rolled, the way 
her lips parted, and the way she squeezed my face with those 
beautiful legs. 

She raised up for a second, extended and crossed her legs at the 
ankles. This enabled her to squeeze a lot harder. Cassie was strong. 
Her love making was hurting me more all the time. My tongue was so 
tired. Each lick required a lot of effort. I had not been conscious 
of the passing of time. I do not know how long I had been licking pussy.
  
"Cassie", I managed to get the word out.

"I have never done this before, not like this. My tongue is
so tired. I love eating your pussy, but can I rest for awhile?"

"Are you sure you can't lick anymore, Charlie." She ask. Looking at
me with those big brown eyes, her forehead wrinkled a little in a 
frown.

I could not refuse. I started to lick again and Cassie began to 
hunch and moan. Her fingers went to my neck right at my hair line.  
Her nails began to hurt as she trust forward with her hips and pulled
with her hands on my neck. Her nails hurt a lot but I continued
to tongue fuck her, matching each pull on my head with a foward 
tongue thrust. She started to moan louder as more cum entered
my mouth. I liked the taste of Cassie's cum. I continued to push
my tongue in as far as it would go and withdraw it in rythym to her
torso.  My face was beginning to feel stretched. Her thrust were
becomming wild. She was fucking all of my face. Her pussy came 
forward and my nose went in. She held me like that and climaxed
on my nose. I breathed hard through my nose and sucked in her cum.
I could barely get air through my mouth. I started to panic, afraid 
she was going to kill me. Her eyes were still tightly closed and 
her jaw was set. My neck felt like she was cutting it off with her 
nails. My face felt like it was being squeezed flat. Her legs were 
very strong. Gradully she relaxed and I was able to pull away a 
little and breathe easier. Never had I been so tired. I noticed 
then that my face now hurt more than my ears. Her nails hurt so 
much I guess I never noticed how hard she had squeezed my face.  
She had really fucked my face. Many times more intense than on 
the plane. My face was coated with her cum. Even though I was in 
a lot of pain, my penis was so hard it hurt too.

"Oh Charlie, she said so sweetly, I hurt you didn't I?  I am sorry,
poor baby, here let me give you some pleasure."
 
She took my dick in her hand and started to move.

"It is so large Charlie. Gosh, I would never be able to take that 
inside me.  Will you always be happy eating me, Charlie?" 
 
There on cue were those Big Beautiful Brown Eyes. She looked at me 
so soulful as she asked that question. I could never refuse her 
when she looked like that. She truly owned me.

I came very quickly. Although the bathroom was only a few feet away, 
she placed her fingers against my lips. I did not hesitate but began
licking and sucking my cum from her fingers.  

"You learn my style of lovemaking very quickly Charlie. I am proud 
of you."

"Cassie, I will belong to you, I want to belong to you. I love eating 
you. I adore your scent, I enjoy the taste of your delicious honey pot."

Cassie giggled, and a big smile formed on her beautiful face.

"I will always obey your every wish, you may do anything to me as long as
it brings you pleasure.  My only purpose in life is to provide you with
all you desire, serving you, and giving you lots of pleasurable sensations."

"That is so sweet, Charlie, I truly believe you mean every word."  If so
we will have a great life together. This is the best sex I have ever had.
Let's sleep now, Charlie."  

She untied me. My arms were asleep, she had had her knees on my arms at
sometime during our lovemaking. There were a couple spots that may be blue
tomorrow. She had been vicious tonight in her form of loving. I can see why
she was tired. She was active through the whole lovemaking session. I got 
up to go to the bathroom.

"Do you want to sleep with me, Charlie." She asked.

"Yes Goddess, of course I do."

"Then you go to the bathroom and wash anyway you choose except you may not
touch anything from your neck up."

I had planned to shower, wash my hair, brush my teeth and put something
on the nail cuts and scratches.  I wisely said, "Yes Cassie."

I went to the bathroom and took a shower being extra careful not to touch
my neck or face. The cuts on my neck, ears, and jaw were burning like hell.
I could feel Cassie's cum all over my face. I would be lying if I said I
minded that. I took a piss, my dick was sore! It did not seem to me that
I had done anything with it. There were little nail cuts on it from Cassie.
Was I cherishing those cuts?  I looked in the mirror.  My face was cum 
covered, there was cum in my hair, and even in my ears.
I went back in the room.

"Charlie, I was about to call you. I have to go pee before I go to sleep.
I know how much you enjoy my golden nectar,"  Cassie giggled.  

Once again I did not feel that she was laughing at me. She was just 
incredibly sexy. This sweet little thing lived for sex in what some 
would say, a perverted form.

"Kneel down on all fours, Charlie. I want you to give me a pony ride to
the bathroom."  

The way she would smile when she wanted me to do something was 
beautiful. How could any guy refuse her anything.

She set on my the small of my back and put her legs on my shoulders 
and her hands on my ass.

"Getty up Charlie!" She giggled. "Don't bump my feet into anything."

I started towards her bathroom and just a couple feet from there 
she said,

"No Charlie! I want to go to the bathroom in your room."  

She was giggling all the time and cooing little words of encouragement.

I backed up to go to the other room and she laughed out loud.

"Charlie you are so much fun, I am having a great time, I love being with 
you."

We entered the other room and entered the bathroom.  Cassie dismounted.

"You are sweet Charlie."  Cassie said looking down at me. I had a fantastic
view of her pussy and asshole.  What a goddess.

"Get in the tub and lie down."  She cooed.

She climed in facing me, smiling, as she swung her leg over the tub.  Cassie
was an exibitionist! The fact that she was giving me a full upclose view
of her most intimate areas, bother her not at all. 

"Hold your hands up to help me. Charlie, I know you are extremely infatuated
with my body, but you have to put those thoughts aside and anticipate what
I might need or want. I need your hands to grab, to balance me, we may 
do this sometimes when I am very sleepy."

"Sorry Cassie." I said as I put both hands in the air. She took a 
hand in each of hers and straddled my face. As she lowered her pussy 
down to my waiting mouth she put the back of one of my hands in her mouth. 
Just before closing her teeth on it she giggled. I did not have time to 
say anything before her pussy touched my open mouth and she started to pee.  
No warning this time, just squat and pee. As before I swallowed with big 
gulps and breathed the best I could between gulps. I pulled on my hands 
trying to get them to her thighs to push, a signal for her to cease for 
a moment. She held one hand tightly with hers and bit down on the other.  
I cried out in pain, got choked on her piss, and she stopped the flow.  
She release one of my hands but her teeth was causing me pain. I coughed 
and sputtered. Her piss was in my lungs and I though about to drown me.  
I guess she held in as long as she could but started pissing in my eyes 
and all over my face. While still holding on to the back of my hand with 
her teeth. I could not believe she was treating me like this. She had 
always been so sweet. This was not sweet. Part of me wanted to complain 
vehemently.  And use words I had never used with Cassie. The part of me 
I do not fully understand said no. I regained my breath. Her piss burned 
my eyes, I needed to wash that out. My throat and chest did not feel at 
all good. I looked up at Cassie who was upright more now with my hand 
still in her mouth. Her eyes were not soulful. She looked mad! I was in 
a lot of pain, never mind the humiliation, I was hurting. This was not 
love in anyones definition. I was getting out of here, goddess or no 
goddess. Enough is enough!

"Charlie, (my hand fell from her mouth), Why did you mess up on drinking 
my pee?  Look at all of it that went down the drain.  I thought you wanted
to swallow all of my pee forever.  That disappoints me.  And yes, Charlie,
it hurts me too. Maybe I was a little quick to tell you how much you meant 
to me. Well---- say something, and it had better be good."

I had taken a quick look at my hand when it left her mouth. It was not 
bleeding but her teeth marks were very prominent. Yep, another bruise.  
I was taken back by her verbal onslaught. Then instantly her expression 
changed. She looked like she was going to cry.

"How could you, how could you mess up my giving you pee? Charlie, you just 
do not love me enough."

My heart was melted, gone was my fury. (Thank god I had said nothing).
I still had pain. My eyes hurt the most now but the they were watering 
and I would live. I just wanted to hold her and beg her forgiveness.  
All I said was. 

"Cassie please give me another chance. I will probably mess up several 
more times. I have so much to learn about loving and serving a goddess. 
Please Cassie, I am begging you, please have patience and teach me to 
serve you the way you want to be served. Your teeth hurt so much and I 
forgot that my only purpose in life was your pleasure. I know I should 
have looked into your eyes. If I had, I would have seen the pleasure 
biting me was giving you.

"Charlie, biting you WAS giving me pleasure, I sometimes give you pain 
for my enjoyment. I may inflict torture for punishment or training, 
but usually your pain will come unintentional, like when I squeeze your 
face, scratch you, and bite you. That is a natural product of our love 
making. I am going to punish you for what you have done. I will postpone 
it because I do not want to ruin our weekend. But no matter how I feel 
toward you, you hurt me. When I get hurt, I hurt back. So clean yourself 
up and come to bed. There is a chair in there, pull it up to the foot of 
the bed. You will need that to stretch out on. Climb in bed from the foot.  
I want you to sleep with your nose and mouth near my ass all night".  I 
should be punishing you instead of rewarding you.  You had best 
appreciate it."




                    Chapter Three

I quickly cleaned up and came to the bed. She was stretched out on 
the bed. Her beautiful hair cascaded around the pillow. Her lips
wore a soft smile.

"Noooooo no Charlie, I am going to tie you up again. Get on your
stomach. Give me your hand."

She was in a sweet mood again. I liked her a lot more like this.
She fastened the leather to my wrist and to the headboard.

"Now give me the other hand, oh Charlie, I did bite you hard.
Here look at it. You can see the imprints of my teeth still yet. 
That is going to really bruise.  My poor little slave, no wonder
you cried out. But that is still no excuse for messing up the
pee drinking. When I am in one of those moods, I want everything 
swallowed."

Her eyes got colder and her mouth tightened.

"Please forgive me Cassie, bite the other hand if you want.
Chew on me all night, but please forgive me.
'

"OK, Charlie, I will not mention it again, and I won't, 'Chew on you
all night', this night."
.  
She giggled. Things were getting back to normal. Normal?  I was 
being tied for god only knows what tonight. She did not seem
sleepy anymore to me.

She sat on my face, just kinda plunked down on it like it was a chair
that was lower then she realized. 

"Opps, sorry about that," She said giggling.  

She wiggled around on my face for a minute or so, then raised up to
look some more at the hand she had bit.

"Wow", she said as she traced her teeth marks with her finger.

"Does it hurt?"

"Yes, but it is a good hurt. It is pain I am enduring for you."

"How sweet, here raise up." She said as she slipped a pillow under my
chest.

"I am going to allow you to give me lots of sweet, unhurried, oral
pleasure." 

She got in bed, spread her legs and slid down so that I could rest my 
face  on her.  I needed no encouragement to lick.  We lay there with
my mouth and tongue paying homage to her beautiful pussy in a quiet
worshipful sort of manner.  As I gently licked her, flicking her lips
with my tongue, just inserting the tip to touch her clit, my thoughts 
were about how I had dreamed of such a relationship all of my adult
life.  Even as a boy I remember the joy of pulling my playmate (female)
in a wagon, pushing her in a toy car, pushing her in a swing, being her
"horseY".  I remember she fed me her mud pies a few times.  It was years
before I realized the true nature of my actions.

"Charlie, don't put yout tongue in, stop teasing my pussy, I want to sleep."
She said in a soft sweet voice. She put her thighs on either cheek and 
playfully squeezed.

"If you do not stop teasing me, I am going to squeeze you flat, then 
squeeze you the other way and make a tampon out of your head."  Cassie 
giggled at the thought. "That would take a lot of squeezing, but I 
think you would make me a good tampon IF you could still swallow."  
Her giggle became a laugh. She had a perverted sense of humor.

I could not be sure if she was laughing at me, or just being playful.  
She was not like anyone else I ever met. She could be the sweetest 
lady on earth, than quickly scare the shit out of me. In times like 
these my mind would wonder if she would really take my life while in 
one of her moods. Yet I was powerless. Sure she would untie me again, 
sure I could walk away, no, those are all physical actions. Her hold 
on me was much stronger. She controlled my very being, a control that
required no physical strength from her at all. Just a smile, a giggle, 
a stare, even a frown. I knew I really did belong to her. I also knew 
she knew that, probably before I realize it.

I kissed her beautiful pussy, one lip at a time.

"Yes, Goddess, as you desire Goddess, anything my Goddess desires," 
I said, while looking up at her. All of her makeup had been removed, 
this was Cassie in her natural state. She was beautiful, her skin had 
that, picture of health,look. She got up and removed my straps. My 
penis felt like it would explode. She glanced at it briefly and gave 
a smug, tight lipped grin, while getting back in bed.
  
"Same position, Charlie. When I turn over, just be sure your face is 
in my pussy or in my ass all night long. You are learning what it 
means to worship someone. This is your life, sure you want it, forever?" 
She looked at me with one of her serious expressions, then an expulsion 
of air through a wide open mouth mixed with a smile that showed how 
very sure of me she was. She wiggled her ass, lifted her pussy up and 
stuck out her lower lip in a grin, all at the same time.

"Charlie, you keep calling me, 'Goddess', do you have any idea what it 
takes for a woman to be a 'True Goddess' to someone, not just a word.
Know how a man proves that he really believes it and really wants it 
forever?  Do you Charlie?  There is a goddess test that is age old, has 
always been, will always be."

"I have never heard of a TEST, but I know I could pass it with you."

Cassie was serious again, just like that, playful-serious, in but a 
moments passage of time. 

"Can we do the test, Cassie? I am eager to prove that you are a Goddess 
to me. It is important to me that you always know that you are my Goddess."  

"OK, Charlie, if you really want to undergo the test, but remember, you 
are doing it because you want to prove it to me. Because you really want 
me to feel that I am a Goddess and that you do worship me 24/7, when you 
are awake, when you sleep, and even in your dreams. But not now, wait 
until after the meeting and you are at my place. I will give you the test.  
But Charlie there is a risk. You may not like me anymore. For sure, after 
the test, you will worship me even more or you will not want to be with me.  
But I will give you the test, because unless you really and truly worship 
me, I would never be happy with you. I must be worshipped by my man, 
you do know that."

"Yes, my beautiful Goddess Cassie, I know that. I do want to worship you, 
all of you, all of the time, forever."

Cassie smiled a contented smile. She laid her head back on her pillow, 
and put a hand on Charlie's head.

"That is so sweet, Charlie, so very sweet."

She wiggled her ass, pushed her pussy up to my mouth tighter, sighed, 
and turned over. I quickly pushed my face to her ass and licked her 
crack. My tongue found her asshole and I started rimming her. I had 
never had a real desire to lick a woman's ass before, fantasized, but 
not for real. This seemed like the natural thing to do. It seemed 
natural for Cassie too because she arched her back and pushed her ass 
against my face. She made little noises as I continued to lick her ass.  
I pushed my tongue more inside. A shit odor was pungent, remember she
had not bathed!  The taste was a little bitter, not that unpleasant.  
The smell would have been a bad stink if it had come from any source, 
other than Cassie. God I was hooked on her.

"Stop licking, just snuggle." Cassie said sleeply and very sweet.  
She had the sexiest voice I have ever heard, when she was speaking to
me, obeying her was a priviledge. I heard her breathing deepen and I 
knew she was asleep. I snuggled a little more placing my nose at her 
asshole so with ever breath I could smell her shit. I wondered what 
it would be like for her to take a really big shit in my mouth. I 
wondered what size the turds would be and if they would fit between
my lips. I wondered if I could ever swallow her shit as it came from 
her ass without crushing it. I thought of ways I could eat her shit.  
Am I crazy? I thought about that too.  It mattered little. I had 
dreamed of a Goddess to worship all of my life and tonight for the 
first time I was in bed with one, not tied, not restrained in any way, 
unless her laying on my right arm was a restraint. I could move it
but not before she was really sound asleep. I did not want to awaken 
her. Nothing mattered but the pleasure and comfort of my Goddess.  
With these thoughts, I went to sleep. 

I woke up to a very strong feminine smell. It smelled like a fish
hatchery. My arms ached and my legs were tired. I felt like I had 
been rode hard and put away wet.

"Cassie," I whispered. There was no response. "Cassie,"  I said.
Much louder.

"Uh," she answered. "What is it Charlie. I was sleeping so good."

"I know, I'm sorry for awakening you. My arms are killing me." 

Somehow during the night we had wiggled around to where she was laying on both
of my arms. And my nose was very close to her pussy.
  
"Would you wiggle a little, please?"  

She looked at clock on the night stand.

"It is only 6:15 Charlie, let me go back to sleep."  She said in a sleepy but
sexy voice.

"Please, Cassie." I pleaded. "Please I can't move my arms".

I had no feeling at all in my fingers.

"Well alright. But I have got to go pee. I hope you want a 
warm drink. I am way to sleeply to get out of bed." She said 
as she lifted her body for me to extricate my arms. "Put your mouth 
tight on my pussy, because I really have to go."

"Cassie, I will carry you to the bathroom."

"Charlie," She said rather sharply. "Are you having other thoughts
about us."

"No Cassie, of course not."  I sheepishly answered, as I pressed 
my mouth tightly against her.

"Better swallow fast or you may drown." She giggled. "I am so
in love with you Charlie. Here it comes."

With those words her piss came in a hard stream and hit my throat.
I was swallowing as fast as I could but I could tell my mouth was 
filling faster than I could swallow. I needed to breathe. I did
not think she would really drown me in her piss, intentionally, 
that is. I made the loudess noice I could. It wasn't very loud.
I could feel her piss leaking out of my full mouth. She stopped
pissing. I swallowed all I had in my mouth in big gulps and
inhaled deaply.

"Oh Cassie."

"Don't talk yet, I am not through." She said before I could finish
my sentence.

I put my mouth tightly against her again, took a deep breath through 
my nose and the piss started coming again. I swallowed as fast as
I could. Her urine was stronger than on the plane. Her piss still
had a faint alcohol taste.  Not a good alcohol taste though.
The taste of amonia and salt was very present as well as some other
not so good tastes. She finally quit pissing. I Wanted to please
her and show her I was really devoted to her I licked away the last
drops of piss. I took some deep breathes. I know her pussy smelled
badly but I was so infatuated with her beauty. I did not mind at all.
  
"You are so sweet, Charlie." She said to me in her sexiest voice.

"I belive you really do love me. I think you will love me after the 
test even more. I want you to eat me again. You make me so horny when 
you drink my pee like that."

It felt so good to have my arms free. My sholders hurt when I moved my
arms. The thought quickly moved through my mind, should I bolt for the 
door never to return. I dismissed it from my mind almost as quickly as 
it entered. After all this is what I had wanted for many years. I just 
had never had the nerve to let it happen and go with the flow before.  
Cassie was more than I had ever dreamed of. She was beautiful and sexy 
beyond my wildess dreams. No, I was determind to play my fantasy to the 
end. I was going to sell my business, retire, marry Cassie, and be her
slave. If I passed on this chance I may never get another one and 
certainly not someone like Cassie. There was no one like Cassie. I was 
sure of that. Not only was her face what dreams were made of, so was the 
rest of her. She was my design of the perfect woman. I was determind to 
belong to her and never complain or look back thinking, "I should have 
ran away from her when I had the chance".  She was my dream. I was 
living my dream. My stomach was full of her cum and her piss. Although 
my stomach felt a little queasy I did not feel that I had to vomit. I
got up to go to the toilet and piss.

"Don't wash anything but your hands, Charlie."  She cooed.

I looked in the mirror. I looked harried. My face looked like a glazed 
donut. The taste in my mouth was horrible, a mixture of shit, piss, 
cum, and unwashed pussy. The smell assailing my nostrils was no treat 
either.

"Charlie, I need you, just go pee and get yourself back in here."

"Cassie I need a bath."

"No Charlie, I haven't had one either. I want you now.  My pussy wants 
your mouth. Get in here. Don't make me come and get you, Charlie."

I could hear her giggles.

"After you eat me again, I want a really big breakfast. Are you hungry, 
Charlie?"

I was almost afraid to say yes.

"Yes, sounds great you beautiful Goddess," I said as I reentered the room.

Cassie lay in the middle of the bed, legs spread wide, her arms above her head.
She had brushed her hair a little, it framed her face. She was smiling, and
knew very well what effect she was having on me.

"Come and get me, Charlie." She said with her musical giggle.  




                Cassie's Secret Chapter 4  

                Cassie Remembers Edward

Cassie lay on the bed, well aware of her feminine
aroma. Charlie is so good at that. I wondered when I
would find someone to take Edward's place. I already
know that Charlie will be much better. I had to force
Edward to please me in ways that Charlie is doing
because he loves me. I think maybe he really does
enjoy it. As I watch him sleep with his nose in my
bush, I am aroused. I must have had six or seven
orgasms, wow, the amount I have cum in his mouth. Shit
I have even pissed in his mouth every time I needed to
go. I am attached to Charlie more than I ever thought
I could be attached to a man. He truly worships me. I
have got to take better care of my pet. He is so
excited just being near me. Every time I look into his
eyes I see his love for me, yes, I am a Goddess to
Charlie. If I am after the test, I will not do it
again, well, not much anyway. 

I remember the first time I pissed in Edward's mouth.
We had just moved into my house at the edge of the
mountains. I had the house built just the may I wanted
plus it was totally private. An eight foot chain
length fence with two feet of razor wire, much like a
prison fence surrounded all 140 acres of the property.
He had noticed the security and commented on it. I
told him I was alone a lot. It had remote controlled
electric gates. The one at the entry to my estate,
plus the one nearer the house had security cameras.
Both had call boxes. I had a triangle fence built from
the second gate back to the main fence in the same
configuration as I trimmed my bush. I looked back down
at Charlie nestled in my bush enjoying my sexual scent
in his sleep. What a find he is. He will sell his
business, marry me and in a short while I will have it
all. I do want Charlie to live a lot longer than
Edward did. Edward did not really love me the way I
must be loved. We fought over that a few times. The
last real fight, protest not considered was after we 
moved in the house and I took him to the basement and 
opened a door at the end. When the bookcase slid open to 
reveal a door and a secret room Edward's mouth flew opened. 
The room was completely underground. It could not be found 
by ordinary means. It was my private dungeon where I 
intended for Edward and I to play. The place where he would 
pleasure me in the ways he said he would before we were married.
Already I was suspicious that he married me because of
my outward beauty. He was 47 and I was less than half that. 
He promised to be mine, body and soul. He said he would do
anything I wanted, whenever I wanted, for as long as I
wanted. He did alright for a short time, but he did
not perform willingly and certainly not as good as
Charlie. Yes Charlie is a priceless find. 

Cassie enjoyed watching Charlie sleep and twitch
occasionally when her bush tickled his nose. 

"I know Charlie is enjoying my sexuality."  She
thought. She smiled as she seen Charlie smile in his sleep.

Edward and I moved into my house not long after we were 
married. I had run his business just the way I ran Charlie's. 
I wrote all of the checks, made the deposits, and maintained 
the books. Edward just concentrated on selling. He really
did not want to sell the business but I talked him
into it. I pointed out that we could spend more time
together. He sold it right before we moved in my
house. I put some of the money in joint accounts to
show Edward but the most of it I put in my name,
Cassie Snow, my maiden name. I kept my maiden name. I liked 
it a lot more than Cassie Smith. There were a million Smith's.

"What on earth is that room FOR!"  Edward shouted. 

Edward was not pleased with the room. I was prepared
for this and acted immediately. 

"That is my special room," I replied. "Come back upstairs and 
I will fix you a dry martini just the way you like them." 

I took Edward's hand and gave him my best smile, the one I had 
rehearsed in front of a mirror a million times. He melted. He 
took my hand and we went back upstairs. He sat down in front 
of the television. I fixed his drink and put enough sleeping
pills in it that he would be out for a few hours. 

"Here is your martini, honey, just the way you like
it.  I am so glad to be in our new home. I am sorry I
did not tell you about the room I had.  I did not
think you would mind. It is just for fun and games."

"I just was not prepared."  Edward said. He looked at
me, and said. "You sure can fix a mean martini."

I gave him one of my smiles and watched as he drink
the spiked martini, He was completely unaware that I was about
to hold him to his promises. I would do things to him
he never even dreamed of. Yes, Edward was about to
serve me for the rest of his life. I mean really serve me.

Edward was soon asleep. I got the wheel chair out of
the closet that I had purchased for this occasion and
pulled on Edward until I got him in the chair. I
strapped him in and tied a rope to the chair and to
the door knob. I thought I could hold the chair and
wheel him down the stairs but I did not want to let
the chair get away and break my new toy's neck. I
started down stairs with him. It was easier than I
thought it would be. I got him down stairs and wheeled
him in to the room. I removed all of his clothes and
placed him in the container that I had made just for
my dear husband. It was sunken in the floor so that he
was placed in a standing position. I fasten the upper
part on his body. His arms and head extended through
openings designed for them. I attached his wrist to
metal supports. His arms and hands were fully extended
above his head. His head was through an opening for
which I had several attachments. The one I put on now
was a toilet seat made in the shape of a saddle. I
could raise or lower Edward. for his/my first pleasure
with him. I raised him. He was now in perfect position
for me to ride his face. His mouth would be in
constant contact with my pussy. His nose would be in
my bush. I could bite his fingers, hands, and arms
when I wanted and as hard as I wanted. I was truly
going to enjoy Edward. To bad he did not learn to be
my slave and occasional toilet. Now he would be my
full time toilet and endure more pain than he ever
imagined. Edward began to wake up.

"What the hell, where am I?" He yelled. "Fuck my head
hurts."

"Edward listen to me and keep quite." I said very
gently. I can be a gentle person.

He wasn't quite. He began to yell and make all kinds
of threats, none of which he could enforce. I bit his
arm right below the shoulder. I bit hard, sinking
about two dozen teeth in his arm muscle. He yelled but
in pain more than anger this time. His eyes were of
total fright and pain. I opened my mouth removing my
teeth from his arm. There was blood everywhere. I
turned on the cauterizing rod and glared at him.

"See all of your blood on me, Edward, you will pay
dearly for messing me up like this, You know how I
hate the site of blood.  Now you can just bleed while
I go brush my teeth.  Looks like your arm is having a
heavy period." I smirked. 

The rod was red hot when I returned. I picked it up by
the handle and looked at Edward. His face was ashen, 
one of total fear. I gently touched it to the bite. I 
wanted to stop the bleeding but I did not want to mess 
up the, "Cassie Brand". It was a really good imprint of 
both my upper and lower teeth. As I gently cauterized the
wound, Edward passed out. I knew he was a wimp. I
stopped the bleeding, turned off the rod and went to
shower. I needed to pee. If he was not awake when I
finished with my shower I would pee in the holding
tank and he could drink it later. The holding tank was
another of my toys for Edward to "enjoy". I could piss
and shit in it and later feed it to Edward. There was
a large short hose attached that fit a mask. I could
put the mask on Edward, insert the hose in Edward's
mouth so that his lips pressed tightly against a
flange and it would be virtually leak proof. I could
use it with or without a nose clamp. The hose was
large, it would have been to large for Edward's mouth
but a month ago I talked him into having six upper
and six lower teeth pulled and buying partial plates
to improve his looks and ability to eat.. His teeth
were not good. When I placed him in his new home I
removed his partial plates. My turds were never hard
enough that he would need teeth to chew them anyway.
Therefore he had no more need for teeth. I wonder how
gums would feel on my pussy. He had not gone down on
me without his teeth and had not gone down on me much
for sometime. With six teeth removed top and bottom
the hose would fit better in his mouth. I had always
heard that prior planning prevents poor performance.
It's true, I thought with a smile, my planning was
going to prevent his poor performance. The only thing
I hated about getting his teeth removed was, he was no
good to eat pussy until his gums were healed. That
wimp milked sore gums as an excuse not to give me
cunnilingus for to long. 

"Shit," I needed to piss. 

I put on my red negligee. Red was Edward's favorite
color. I am always doing nice things for him. As these
thoughts went through my mind I could not help but
smile. He said once that he would give his life for
me. Well, he was going to!

"Are you awake?" I asked, as I approached him.

He open his eyes, looked at me, and said. "Cassie, do
you hate me this much?"

"My dear Edward, I don't hate you at all, but you must
learn to obey me. You were yelling, I hate yelling.
You were even calling me names. You had never done
that before. I am going to punish you for that. If
you accept your punishment, obey me without question,
and be really sweet, everything will be O.K..  Trust
me. For a long time now it has been difficult to get
you to perform cunnilingus. I told you from the
beginning that I preferred tongue, no cock. All you
ever wanted to do was fuck me with your cock. I told 
you and told you that would hurt me. I told you I needed 
to tie a man up. Make him eat me until I was satisfied. 
I even told you how much it turned me on to sit on your 
face and go pee."
"Well, you have been ignoring me. You have been 
interested only in your own pleasure. Now you are 
going to give me pleasures for awhile.  How long 
depends on your willingness to perform."

"I have to go pee, I waited for you to wake up because
I wanted you to be my toilet. You know how I always
loved to pee in your mouth." 

I climbed in the saddle. And adjusted my self to
Edward's mouth. I flipped a switch that removed the
supports from Edward, although they were still
touching him and his wrist were still fastened. He was
supporting the saddle and my weight. He had over 140
lb. on his shoulders. If his knees buckled his wrist
would hold us. I had no fear of falling. Besides my
feet were only about six inches off of the floor.
Edward was sunk in the floor with drain and hot and
cold water nozzles. There were even nozzles that would
sprayed him with disinfectant and soap with the flip
of a switch.

Edward had opened his mouth nice and wide.

"Suck to make a better connection." I told him. 

He did, and I started to pee. I pissed slowly Edward
had never been good at swallowing my pee. He was
swallowing with considerable noise but was keeping up
O.K.. I looked down at him and smiled.

"Now see Edward this is not bad, you are being a good
toilet. I always knew you could be if your heart was
in it." 

I continued to piss and Edward swallowed with big
gulps. He drink all of it and did not spill any. I was
proud of him. Edward began to lick away the last few
drops. I did not have to tell him to. I was becoming
more horny all the time. I positioned myself for a
good mouth pussy fit. 

"Open your mouth so wide it hurts." I told Edward. 

He complied and I tightened the adjustments on the
saddle and started to ride. I switched on the supports
that raised up under Edward to give him a seat. I
heard him grunt but could not understand him. His
mouth was pressed tightly on my pussy. He had a mouth
full. He was licking me. I was already cumming. I was
so turned on. Here I was, totally in control of
Edward. I had just finished pissing in his mouth and
he drink all of it. I was fucking his face and he was
giving me the best tongue fucking he had ever given
me. He had started to complain about his arm hurting
until I told him if I heard another complaint I would
put the, "Cassie Brand", on his other arm. Whiners turn
me off. I continued to ride. I placed my hands on his
head and slowly moved my nails to his ears. My nails
started to dig in his ears and neck. He was making
noise other than licking and sucking.

"Edward, don't forget what you are there for. Just
concentrate on my pleasure for once."

"I know my nails are piercing your ears and neck.
They won't kill you. Suck and lick."
He began to suck and lick more.

I started to hunch faster and harder and pull harder
on his ears.

"Edward, stick your tongue deeper as I thrust to your
mouth, concentrate!"

My breathing was fast as were my hunches to Edward's
face. He was performing admirably, for Edward. This
was the best head he had ever given me. 

"Suck on my clit, massage it with the tip of your
tongue. That's it Edward." 

"Oh Oh Oh, I am cumming."  I pulled really hard and
thrust my hips forward as hard as I could.

I held like that as my body shuddered.

"Suck Edward," I commanded. He had gotten more
interested in a little pain to his ears and neck.

"I want my pussy sucked clean. I enjoy the feel of
your gums on my pussy, Edward. I do not have to
worry about your teeth hurting me." 

I did not tell him his partial plates had already been
thrown away. Even Edward would have known that I had
no plans to turn him loose. He was there to serve me
and give me pleasures until he died, or was almost
dead. I already had his grave site picked out. A very
fitting final resting place for Edward.

I had convinced a doctor that Edward had need for
Ranitidine, Metronidazole, and Amoxicillin. These
would keep Edward alive and able to eat my shit and
maybe even the shit of others for a while. His days
were numbered but he would give me a lot of pleasure
before he died. I think he should be happy. Almost all
straight men have the fantasy of eating a beautiful
woman's pussy. Many even want to drink from her pussy.
Cassie smiled, few want to be a woman's complete
toilet and eat all of her shit though. 

There was an article in the paper today about a twelve
year old boy playing jump rope with two girls on the
playground. The rope got tangled in some playground
equipment and hung the boy. He died playing with two
girls and never even got to eat or serve them, but he
was just as dead. Yes, Edward should be thankful. Very
few men get the opportunity to see and eat a beautiful
woman's pussy. The giving of a little pain is a small
price to pay for something that is almost priceless.
As for the shortening of Edward's life, everything
dies. A fly lives for only three days, a dragonfly for 
only twenty-four hours. Edward has and will live a lot 
longer than three days. 

I got out of the saddle, took it off of him. The silly
fool thought I was setting him free.

"Thanks for freeing me, Cassie." He said.

"Not just yet, Edward, this is for a few days, not a
few minutes." I told him with a smile.

He was disappointed but resigned. I placed the padded
toilet seat over his head and secured it to his
shoulders. It pretty much just snapped in place, but
it formed a leak proof seal. It was made so that he
could open his mouth wide, and have unrestricted
swallowing. Any turds that he did not eat when
presented to him would not fall below his chin. 

"What is that you are putting on me." He ask.

It's hard for me to accept that he really did not
know.

"Just another toy and convenience item for me." I
smiled.

"Edward, I have got to take a really big dump, and you
are going to be my toilet." 

"I am not eating your shit, Cassie."  He screamed. "I
can't stand to go in the bathroom for quite awhile after
you have taken a shit.  I sure am not eating it.  
Get this contraption off me and quit fooling around!"

"You disappoint me, Edward. Not cool. Of course you will.
You will eat my shit, drink my piss, suck my cum.
And Edward for that little childlike tantrum over
such a trivial matter you will remain there until
after my period is over. It is due to start, and you
are staying right there until it is over. Any idea
why, 'Toilet', yes, 'Toilet', is my new name for you
until you learn to properly appreciate the company of
a beautiful woman. And yes, Toilet, you will be my
complete toilet. You will drink all of my piss, eat
every bit of my shit, swallow all of my cum, all of my
menstrual flow, clots and all. Toilet, you will make
me believe you enjoy pleasing me. If you do not, you
will be there a long time. And Toilet, when I do
turn you loose you will go down on me the way I like it
a minimum of twice a day. And before each of my
periods you will use your mouth to apply hours of
suction to my pussy in hope that it will relieve my
menstrual cramps. You will drink piss from my
beautiful pussy every weekend from Friday night until
Monday morning. There will be no more temper
tantrums. Is that clear Toilet? And something
else, while you are there you will refer to me as
'Goddess Cassie.' It is best you do not rile me
again." 

Edward did not answer. This was easier than I thought
it would be. Almost to easy.

I sat on the seat. My lovely ass hole was an 1/2 inch 
from his mouth. 

"Moisten my ass hole with your tongue." I commanded him.

He used the tip of his tongue on my ass. I pressed a
button and lower the seat so that his lips circled my
ass hole. 

"Now lick, Toilet, push your tongue in and out of my
ass. and don't stop until a turd pushes your tongue
away."

Edward started running his tongue in and out of my ass
hole. I reached for the "scent tent". This was clear
plastic that went around my hips and draped over
Edward's shoulders. I pulled the draw string and it
tightened around my waist. It was bulky and held
enough air for 30-45 minutes. It kept the awful smell
of my shit away from me. Edward got to filter the
methane gas from my body through his lungs. I know I
am beautiful, I have always been beautiful. But My
Shit Stinks. I have never encountered anyone whose
shit stunk as badly as mine. I have emptied many a
bathroom. I have been taking a crap and someone would
start to come in, gag, and go back out murmuring to
themselves.

I pressed the button and raised up to about an inch
above Edward's mouth. I pushed a little and gas
escaped. Edward gagged. I giggled at first then
laughed out loud as I pushed hard and cut a really big
one. I know he could feel the air hit the inside of
his open mouth and invade his nostrils and lungs. By
this time I  was shaking with laughter. Just thinking
of Edward being tied up, plastic over his head, and me
farting in his mouth and nose. It was so much of a
turn on.

 "Don't inhale to hard, Toilet, to much pleasure is
not good for you, and besides there is enough to last 
you for awhile." I laughed at my joke. 

Edward was sick, and the best was yet to come.

"Keep your mouth open, Toilet," I told him. 
I pushed again and a big turd entered Edward's waiting 
mouth. I felt the resistance as I was pushing my shit 
in a full mouth. 

"Swallow," I commanded. I felt his body shudder as he
obliged.

"Oh god, please stop Cassie."  He pleaded. "I am sick.
I can't do this."

I took one of his fingers in my mouth and bit down.
Not enough to bring blood but hard.

"You did not address me properly, Toilet." I told him,
and bit him again.

"Please, oh please, Goddess Cassie, I will do
everything for you, I will be your slave. I will
wait on you hand and foot. I just can't eat your
shit. It's awful." 
 
No Goddess likes to be told that anything about her,
"Is awful".

I did not reply, I just let more shit go his way. 

"Open your mouth or the shit will clog your nose and
when you do open your mouth you will choke to death on
my shit."

I could tell he opened his mouth, my turd encountered
no resistance for a bit. His body shuddered as he
swallowed. He was  swallowing regularly now as I
continued to shit in his mouth. I stopped for a bit,
thinking he may need to take a deep breath and enjoy
the aroma waiting for him. Scent contributes so much
to the taste of food.

"I'm so sick, please Goddess Cassie."

His begging aroused me, I turned my head, took his
hand and said. 

"Poor baby, what you need is some pain to help you
forget the smell and taste of my shit. I know it is awful,
so here is some pain for you."

I bit down hard on his finger. I released and surveyed
by teeth marks. They were deeply indented and turning
blue. The other bite was already blue. I bit again, he
screamed in pain.

He is such a wimp. I think he must have the lowest
pain threshold of anyone I know.

I pushed out some more shit. I felt the resistance as
it hit his closed mouth and the resistance stop when
he opened his mouth and swallowed without being told.
His body convulsed.

"I'm sick." He cried. 

I could hear him vomit. I reached over and pushed a
button. The toilet seat opened under his chin. I could
hear his vomit hit the scent tent. 

"I should have let you drown in your own vomit,
Toilet." I screamed at him. "You have made a mess and
disturbed my shit. When I shit I do not want any
disturbances. I am not through with my dump. I am
going ahead and shit all over your face." 

I moved a little and aimed for his eyes. I could see
through the mirror that the turd hit right between his
eyes. I pushed harder and it squished down the sides
of his nose into both of his eyes.

"Open your eyes, Toilet". I said to him, but he did
not comply. He was still vomiting. I bit another
finger. Still nothing. I bit again.

Edward moaned. "I am so sick Cassie. Please let me
out of here."

I took his hand, spread his thumb and finger apart and
bit the skin. I slowly increased pressure with my
mouth. I did not want to bring blood. I would have to
wash my mouth immediately if I did. I did bite hard
and kept chewing on his hand. Edward cried out in
pain.

"Oh god, Goddess Cassie, that hurts so much."

"Remember that the next time you address me, Toilet.
You did not address me properly. From now on you
will be punished for major infractions like that. I
remember to address you properly. You will extend me
the same courtesy."

I turned on the cauterizing rod again and shit some
more. 

"Open your eyes, Toilet, I want to see my shit enter
your eyes."

"Please, Goddess Cassie, I have my mouth open awaiting
your wonderful shit."

"That is much better." I said. I flashed a big smile
his way but I knew he couldn't see it since his eyes were
closed. If he open them they would be full of shit.

I pushed some more shit out of my ass and watched it
enter his mouth. He was swallowing properly now. Maybe
he was going to be able to eat my shit without so much
regurgitation.

He sure was a mess, he had shit and vomit all over his
face. He was in such a mess that he could not clean me
with his tongue. He did not have a very long tongue
and I would have gotten that mess on my ass if I lower
down so he could do a proper job of ass licking. I
reached for the roll of toilet paper. 

"Do to your inability to be a satisfactory toilet I
have to wipe myself. I have added two more days to
your stay. I am not going to consider letting you
out until two days after my period ends."

I wiped and pitched the wipe on his face. I quickly
zipped the opening shut. The smell was unbearable. I
held my breath when I raised up to wipe my ass and to
toss in the paper but some of the scent escaped. I
almost gagged. I attached the tube to the vent made
for this purpose. He may get low on oxygen but he
would not die from lack of it. Boy, he certainly may
from the smell of my shit and his vomit though. 

I put on my red panties and looked in a mirror, I am
sooo beautiful.

"Toilet, to bad you can't open your eyes and see how
beautiful I am.  You had to close your eyes and mess
up the beautiful view you had of my ass and pussy.
Every day some man tries to see my ass and fails. 
You had a magnificent view of it and closed your eyes. 
You deserve all of the punishment I give you just for
being stupid. Don't you, Toilet?"

"Yes, Goddess Cassie, I do." He answered, in a weak
voice.

I am going to the other room and read for a while.
You have caused to much of a stink in here for me.
Be sure and eat the paper I wiped on." 

I set the control to very slowly compact the toilet
area to form a vee and funnel all of the solid stuff
in to Edward's mouth. The compacting would mix the 
liquid with the solid stuff and make a poop pee shake 
for him.

"I hope you can keep everything in your stomach this
time." I smiled.

Then I went to get the medicine I got for Edward that
prevented vomiting.

I turned on all of the cleaning nozzles. Edward was
being sprayed hard with 115 degree water, soap, and
disinfectant. 

"Open your mouth, Toilet." I yelled at him. "I want
you to be clean. I have some medicine to give you,
plus I want your mouth really clean."

I had started to feel some discomfort brought on by my
period.

I pushed the buttons which turned off the soap and
disinfectant nozzles and let the water nozzles run for
a while longer. The scent tent had also been cleaned.
I shut off the water and turned on the fan. Edward's
hair went straight out when the hot air hit him. He
was dry in no time.

"Open your mouth, Toilet." 

I smiled at him. He complied and I turned on the cold
water to his mouth. I started dropping the pills in
his mouth. He swallowed all of them. 

"That's a good toilet." I said with a big beautiful
smile.

Edward did not look good. I think my shit made him
really sick. At least he would not vomit anymore. I
really did not care how sick he was.

I put the saddle on him and removed my red panties. I
swung up on the saddle.

"You should know by now to open your mouth when you
see I am mounting you. That will be another day
here. That is three days after my period. Toilet
you will be here forever if you do not keep your mind
on pleasing and pleasuring me. I am all in the whole
world that matters. Remember that and you may
survive this little lesson in obedience." 

I smiled at him again. I don't think he is enjoying my
smiles as much as he did in the past.

"Toilet, open your mouth wide and place over my
pussy. I want you to begin sucking. You may lick
to, and tongue me. Mainly I want you to suck hard.
I think it may relieve my menstrual cramps. Oh,
that's it. I love you, Toilet. I moaned in a
breathless voice."

Edward's sucking intensified when I said I loved him.
The fool probably thought "I love him", wrong, I loved
him as my menze slave! 

"Oh, that feels good". I moaned as Edward continued to
lick, and suck. Edward was sucking hard, I could feel
my cramps lessen as the flow started. Edward choked on
the blood when the flow reached his mouth. He sucked
it right down his windpipe. He started to cough and
sputter. 

"Swallow when you cough it up, Toilet. I know you
are making a mess. You be sure you clean me up
good. Since you were  doing such a good job of
relieving my cramps, I will not add anymore days.
Don't count on my being so generous the next time." 

Edward got his breathing under control.

"Keep sucking, stupid." I berated him in a stern
voice. "There are more clots and blood for you to
swallow."

Edward sucked, swallowed and tongued me. I started to
cum. My cramps had subsided and I hunched his face.
Edward was moaning. I didn't know if it was from the
realization of his humiliation, or if he was actually
starting to enjoy the flow from my pussy. I continued
to hunch his face. My hands moved to his neck and ears
again. I dug in with my nails and pulled. I intended
to hurt him. My nails were doing just that. He was
whimpering in pain as my nails dug in places which
were already sore. 

"Wimp, stop your whining.  My nails are to far from
your heart to kill you and to short to cut your head
off.  Are your eyes closed again!  No wonder you are
not properly enjoying this.  Open your eyes and look
at my beautiful pussy."

I raised off of his face so he could see my pussy. I
held that position for a few seconds and went back to
hunching his face and pulling on his ears with my
nails.

"Just think how lucky you are to eat my pussy.  Do
you know anyone as beautiful as I am."

I moved off of his mouth so he could answer.

"You are very beautiful my Goddess, I want only to
serve you. I look forward to when I am no longer
confined here that I may be your slave."

I knew he was lying, but it sounded good. 

"I want to bite you, do you mind."

"No, Goddess Cassie, I exist only to give you
pleasure."

"Hey, he is getting good," I thought as I placed his
forefinger in my  mouth. 

My teeth covered his finger from the nail back to half
way between his middle knuckle and his back knuckle. I
started to casually chew, much like an uneducated
country girl chews gum. I was chewing on his finger
while he sucked on my pussy. When I would bite down
harder, Edward would moan. Pretty soon both of us were
moaning, me from pleasure, Edward from pain. His
moaning added to my pleasure. I was so hot. I just
kind of swiveled at my waist, moving back and forth,
up, down and around. All the while I was cutting his ears
with my nails and bruising his finger with my teeth.
Oh, I was having another orgasm, how many had I had on
Edward's face. I gripped the thin saddle with my legs,
moved my nails to the base of Edward's neck and head,
and pulled hard while thrusting my pussy to his mouth.
I dug in really hard with my nails. Poor things I
didn't know how much more of Edward they could take.
If he broke one of them I would extend his stay for a
week! Oh, I was cumming. Edward continue to suck and
tongue me. My body shuddered and I went limp. I opened
my mouth and Edward removed his finger. I just sat
quietly on his face for awhile. I could smell my
femininity. I knew Edward was getting a really good
smell. I moved and put my pussy over his nose. I moved
back a little so Edward could breath through his
nostrils. 

"Breath deeply through your nose, Toilet, I want your
lungs filled with my sweet feminine aroma.  I want
you to be able to smell me for an hour after I am
gone.  I am going to bring my soiled panties in here
and place in this basket. I will give your hand
enough slack so that you can take them out of the
basket and mouth launder them. There are several.
Be sure and clean them good. I know it has been a
month since I have washed my underwear because I noticed
some of them had blood stains.  Now Toilet, I don't
expect you to get them all clean tonight. I do
expect several cleaned, and cleaned good. Do you
understand."

"Yes, Goddess Cassie." He replied.

I took his hand and just barely caught the skin at the
knuckle on his forefinger, the one I was chewing on
earlier. It was swollen and was the prettiest colors.
I bit some of the skin off. There was no blood, just
raw exposed skin.

"Oh, Goddess Cassie, that hurt. What did I do wrong,
Your Highness?" He cried in pain.

"You did not tell me how much you was going to enjoy
sucking and chewing on my panties."

"I am going to enjoy it, Goddess Cassie. I am going
to get a build up of saliva in my mouth and squish it
through the crotch of your panties while I chew and
suck on them.  I was going to tell you how much I
enjoyed the taste and smell of your royal panties.
Please don't hurt me anymore."

Edward was a wimp, I thought as I walked away swinging
my ass for his benefit. I wondered if I was being to
nice to him, allowing him to watch such a pretty sight.

I went upstairs. I took another shower and got
dressed. I was going out to meet Ashley. We were
really good friends. She enjoyed loving me and I kinda 
liked it to. We were meeting for pizza and planned to 
return to my place later. I had hinted about how much 
fun we would have at my place but she really had no idea 
of the pleasures to come. 

I had closed the play room. I turned on the burglar
alarm, locked the house and drove away. I really felt
good. I looked forward to seeing Ashley but did not
know if I could cum again tonight. I looked forward to
the taste of her sweet lips and pussy. Edward knew
nothing about this side of me. Tonight he would learn
when I brought Ashley home and let him watch as I made
love to her and made him suck both of us clean,
swallowing all of our cum. 

I pulled into Ashley's driveway. She was expecting me
and ready. She walked out to the car. She was a
blonde. 5' 2'', 102 lb.. She was 32b-19-33. Her brown
eyes contrasted beautifully with her pale skin and
blonde hair. She was a true blonde. Even her bush was
blonde. She did not have as much body hair as I did
but she had a lot of hair on her head. It was shoulder
length and was in spiral curls. She bounced in the
seat and we kissed. 

"I can hardly wait to see your big surprise, Cassie!
If I wasn't so hungry I would want to go right to your
place."

"Ashley, could you go for Mexican, tonight? "I crave some 
really hot and spicy food."

"Me to, I was going to ask if you wanted Mexican!" 

We both giggled. We always had so much fun together.
Not like some man buying your dinner and thinking that
gave him the right to fuck you. 

We pulled in to the parking lot of The Jose's Mexican.
It was a nice Mexican restaurant with really good,
hot, Mexican food and good draft beer. Ashley and I
had eaten there a few times. The ambiance was good to.
We went in and ordered. We had a lot of joking fun as
always. I drink four drafts and Ashley had three. We
got back in the car and kissed again.

"You sure are being mysterious about the surprise for
me." Ashley cooed. "Aren't you even going to give me a
hint." 
Ashley had a nice smile. Her face was perfect for her. 
A small pert nose, thin lips, and a small mouth. She was 
23 and looked 18.

"I would if I could think of any hints. I just can't
think of any, Ashley.  You sure look good.  I love
the way you have done your hair." 

"Don't change the subject, Cassie. Is it inanimate?

"No, defiantly not!" I smiled. Boy was it not inanimate!

"It's alive." Ashley quizzed. Her eyes were sparkling.
Ashley loved a surprise.

"Yes, sometimes more than others." I grinned.

"Is it male or female." 

I grinned again at this. "Male, I think." 

I laughed again. Tossing my silky long hair. 

"How many legs does he have." Ashley asked.

These questions continued as we pulled up to the gate.

"If I did not know better I would think you had a man
at your house that we were going to play with. But
you know I would never let a man fuck me.  I do not
even like men. You know that."

Ashley was not pleased. She thought I had arranged a
threesome without her consent. I had mentioned her
going with a cute guy that had come on to her a couple
times. Men were always hitting on us. I enjoyed toying
with them. Ashley was not even polite to them.

"You have to trust me, Ashley, have I ever given you
a surprise you did not simply love?"

"No, I trust you, Cassie."  She leaned over and gave me
a peck on the cheek and ran her fingers through my hair. 

I drove the car in the garage. We got out. Ashley was
bubbling over. Just like a little girl on Christmas
morning before the gifts were opened.

We went in and down the stairs.

"Your house is beautiful, you have got to give me a
tour after I see the surprise." Ashley was bouncing
along. 

"I think you will want to play with it. I bet you
enjoy it as much as I have."

I pressed the control and the bookcase swung open.

'What is this, Cassie." Ashley gasped.

We walked up to Edward.

Edward stared at us. Total disbelief on his face. He
was sucking on a pair of my panties.

Ashley stared at Edward, Edward stared at Ashley.
Neither said anything for a full minute.

"How could you do this, Cassie?" Edward asked. Trying
to be forceful.

"You never addressed me correctly, TOILET."  I smirked
at him with my lower lip extended showing my bottom
teeth that Edward would be feeling very soon.

"But, Goddess Cassie, you promised not ever to let
anyone else know." 

Edward was like a whipped little boy. He had taken my
panties out of his mouth. The crouch was very wet, and
looked pretty clean. He was still holding them.

Ashley, who had said nothing all this time was still
looking at Edward, the equipment, the pair of panties
in Edward's hand, the basket of soiled panties, as
well as the few pair he had sucked clean.

"If this means what I hope it means, this is the best
present ever."  Ashley was beaming. Her face was all
smiles and her eyes sparkled.

"Toilet, this is Goddess Ashley, you will show her the
same considerations and respect that you do to me.
If not, both of us will see to your punishment.  You
will obey her ever command. You will strive to
anticipate her desires. She has the right to do
absolutely anything to your worthless body. She can
use you for whatever purpose she wishes, anytime she
wishes, and as long as she wishes. You will be
properly grateful. Now for that little  outburst
your time there has been increased until a week after
my period ends. Would you like to go for two weeks?"

Ashley was just beaming at the exchange. She started
asking questions about the equipment and how it
worked. I told her everything about it. She ask in her
cute little voice, "May I use him."

"Of course". I answered, and gave her a kiss on the
mouth as much for Edward's benefit as my pleasure. She
kissed back. We were sucking tongues when I heard
Edward whining again. I think his situation was
beginning to sink in.

Ashley started to strip. She was dressed in Lawman
Jeans that really showed off her cute little ass. She
needed no instructions on how to mount Edward's face. 

"I have to pee."  She said. "I have always wanted to
use a man as my toilet. Do you shit in his mouth too?"  
She asked.

"Of course, Ashley, even his name is Toilet. He
swallows everything and loves it. He will tell you
how much he enjoys every drink of your piss and every
bite of your shit. Look at his hands, that will give
you some ideas too."

Ashley started pissing and Edward started swallowing.

Ashley looked at Edward's hand. She noticed the
swollen fingers with all of my teeth marks.

'Um um, nibblets!" She smiled wickedly and put Edward's
forefinger in her mouth the same way I had done
earlier. She started to chew on it. That wimp Edward
started to actually cry. I mean tears. All the time he
was sobbing and swallowing Ashley's piss. Ashley
pretended to ignore his crying and continued to piss
in his mouth and chew on his finger. She pulled his
finger from her mouth and surveyed it carefully. 

"Cassie, look at the contrast between your teeth marks
and mine."

I looked at Edward's finger. It was filled with deep
indentations of my teeth and Ashley's smaller teeth.
Some of her teeth marks were oozing blood. 

"I love him!" Ashley said. "I will move in with you
for a while. I have never done anything I liked as
much. It turns me on, I mean really turns me on to
straddle his face like this, piss in his mouth, bite
him, and see the look of dejected pain in his eyes.
And when he started to cry, I started to cum!"

As Ashley said this she started to hunch his face.

Edward, still crying, began to lick and suck her pussy.

Ashley put Edward's thumb in her mouth and started
chewing again, this time in rhythm to the movement of
her hips. 

"Has my clit become large enough to peek out of it's
hood?" Ashley asked.

"I can't see it."  Edward replied in a shaky voice.
It was really good for Edward to be used like this by
not one but two beautiful ladies!

"Bring your tongue up to the top of my slit and feel."
Ashley instructed.

Edward was relieved that she wasn't biting anymore.
Her teeth seemed to hurt more than Cassie's.

"Can you feel the tiny bud with your tongue now?"

Ashley's pussy looked smaller than mine. Her blonde bush
was so sexy. Edward should have been really turned on.
Instead he was concerned with small things like the
pain in his fingers, hand, and arm muscle. It was
really quite red where I bit him and applied an old
fashioned medical technique, the red hot rod. Edward
was so fortunate to view such magnificent pussies and
asses. All the rest of us was beautiful too. Edward
was just not an appreciative person. I hoped he
learned to be in the coming weeks.

"Lick the skin that is covering my clit and as you are
able to feel it lick faster and press into my skin."

Ashley put her hand down to her pussy and pulled her
pussy lips away.

"Quickly flick your tongue against my clit. "Oh, oh,"
She moaned as her legs began to shudder.

"Toilet," I began to instruct, Ashley was getting off
to much to talk. 

"Make your lips into an O and take her clit into your
mouth.  Gently now, start to gently suck on it."

Ashley sucked in her breath through her teeth. She
arched her back. Her lovely 32b tits jutted forward.
The nipples were so proud. Her eyes were little more
than slits.

"Suck harder, Toilet." 

"Go with her, move with her as she lifts her ass in
the air. Don't fight her. Keep your hot mouth on her
clit.  Don't let go."

"Oh, don't ever let go.." Ashley moaned.

I licked two of my fingers and squeezed my hand in
where all of the action was taking place. I began to
finger fuck Ashley. I used two fingers to rub the area
at the roof of her vagina, her G-spot. Then I slid
them inside, slowly, then a little faster. I listened
to her breathing and fucked her with rhythm speeding
up when she did. Edward was sucking and keeping his
head moving with Ashley's ass. 

Ashley started to have an orgasm.

"Don't stop licking her clit, Toilet." I told him.

I watched Ashley and Edward. It was beautiful. Two 
people doing so much for each others pleasure.

"Now press your tongue along the underside of her
clit."

"Don't stop now, gently flick your tongue in and out
of her pussy."

"Keep sucking and swallowing the cum."

Ashley was moaning and cumming. Edward was getting
lots of love juices. He was so lucky!

This went on for more then 30 minutes.

Ashley stopped moving and was quietly sitting on
Edward's face. His mouth covered her pussy and he
continued to lick. I could hear him making sucking
noises.

"Cassie, that was good, so good."  Ashley whispered.
She dismounted. Edward wasn't crying anymore.

"Talk to Ashley." I said in a stern voice. "I should
not have to remind you of your manners. I am adding
another week to your time. I am beginning to think
you will never get out of there. You are so
inconsiderate. Ashley is my best friend. She comes
to see me, and lets you see her beautiful bod. You
showed no appreciation. She even let you lick her
pretty pussy."

"Goddess Ashley, I thank you for your piss and cum.
You are beautiful. I am fortunate to view such a
gorgeous creation, thanks for allowing me to serve you."

"Ask her how else you can serve her.  Must I have to
keep reminding you of your manners?  Really toilet, I
am getting fed up with you."

I bit down extra hard on the thumb of his other hand,
the one he had near Ashley's pussy. I could smell her
feminine sweetness on it. Ashley began slowly chewing
on his other thumb. It was beginning to swell.

"How else may I serve you Goddess Ashley,"  Edward asked.

Ashley didn't answer him but started to get back in
the saddle facing the other way.

"Wait, there is a better seat for that." I said,
anticipating what she was going to do.

I removed the saddle and Ashley watched me put the
seat on Toilet.

Can you believe Edward, the wimp, started to cry again. 

Ashley ignored him. She sat down. I showed her how to
move the seat up and down on Edward's face. I
explained the scent tent too. I then flashed my
beautiful smile and said, "Look at that beautiful ass,
Toilet."  Enjoy your meal!" 

Still laughing, I walked away. A crap was a private
thing between a woman and her male toilet. I wanted to
hear Edward being tortured though. Hey, you can't
blame me for that. I may be a Goddess but I am also human!

I walked over to listening area. It was equipped with
speakers so I could hear Edward as Ashley tortured
him. I had not told her about the microphone and
hidden camera.

Ashley was seated with her ass hole over Edward's
mouth. She lowered herself so that Edward's mouth
covered her ass hole. 

"Lick," She hissed at him. 

I could hear Edward crying. Maybe he wasn't hungry. My
humor made me smile.

She raised the seat up so her ass was about two inches
above Edward's open mouth.

She fastened the scent tent as I had instructed her.

I heard her fart.

"Inhale you slime ball."  Ashley said to him.  Maybe
now he would better appreciate how sweet I am to him!

She must have bit his finger, because I heard him cry
out and his crying became louder.

"Stop that crying, you worthless shit eater."  Ashley
snarled at him.

"Here comes a tasty turd for you."

Edward gagged, Ashley giggled. Edward screamed as she
bit him again.

"Here is more shit for you, TOILET."  She said
mockingly. "You are doing what toilets are made for,
consuming shit."

Edward gagged again. I was getting hot listening to
Edward being tortured by Ashley. I started to play
with my nipples. When Ashley was through with him and
we cleaned him up, he had to give me a really good
tongue fucking. I was hot.

"Don't think you are through eating yet, Toilet."
Ashley said. 

Edward gagged and screamed again as Ashley pushed
another turd into his mouth and bit on his sore thumb.
I don't know if she was bring blood but Edward sure
was sobbing in-between his gulps.

I heard the motor activate. 

"Lick the shit out of my ass hole and do a good job or
I will bite this thumb completely off."
I heard her say.

Ashley appeared to be a sweet little thing. She was to
me, but to Edward she was being a holy terror. She had
him sobbing and begging her. Little did he know that
is what she wanted. She was really getting off on
hearing Edward beg and cry.

I think Edward was broken. I don't think he would give
us any more trouble. He would just let us use and
torture him until he died. I think he knew he would
never escape. His destiny wasn't one of the most
horrible that could be imagined. He was a human
toilet, but he should enjoy the view of two beautiful
women right up to his death. 

I walked over to them. She was dismounting Edward's
face.

"Take some really deep breaths, Toilet."  I commanded
him. 

"I want to remove the scent tent and shower you.  I
do not want any smells out here, they are for your
enjoyment."

Edward was breathing deeply.

"Cassie my love, this was so very, very good."  Ashley
said as she put her arms around me. We kissed and
fondled each other's breast. Our nipples were hard as
rocks. Both of us were hot even though Ashley had
gotten off on Edward's face several times just a few
minutes ago.

I turned on the exhaust fan for a few minutes and
removed the scent tent. I lowered Edward and turned on
the nozzles to clean him. 

"Wash your mouth good, Toilet." I told him.

After giving him a good shower I raised him back up. I
placed the saddle on him. He said nothing. His eyes
were closed.

"Look at us, you stupid toilet." I remarked. "I am
adding another week for stupidity. Whenever there is
a female in your presents you will admire her beauty.
That I have to tell you this, makes me feel sorry for
you. You have no class, you have no brains. Toilet,
you are so stupid. A pussy slave and toilet is all
you will ever be."

Ashley and I embraced and kissed. I made sure Edward
was watching.

I removed my jeans and panties. I left the "Always"
pad on my panties. Edward would suck on it later.

I put my foot in the stirrup and swung in the saddle.

I lowered Edward's seat so that he was supporting my
weight. He groaned and swayed a little. 

"If you drop me, you worthless piece of shit, we will
have the next meeting of 'Lovers of Sweetness', the
local lesbian chapter, HERE. How would you like that,
all night attention from 30-40 women. None as pretty
as Ashley and I. Some are old enough to be your
mother, all different sizes too."

Edward could not drop me, that was impossible. I just
wanted to berate him some more. I was enjoying it.
Probably due to Ashley's being there. I remembered
some remarks he had made about lesbians. Dykes and
queers he called us. If I told Ashley some of the
things he had said, she would torture him to death,
today. Edward was going to die, slowly and painfully
for our enjoyment.

Edward was licking and sucking on me. It felt good to
be cleaned by a mans tongue. I could get pretty messy
during the heavy flow days of my period. Edward was
just what I needed to take care of that. I think his
hard sucking on my pussy was making this an easier
period for me. Sometimes my menstrual cramps were
pretty severe. I was having very little cramps, in
fact I had not noticed any since Edward began my flow
before I went to get Ashley. I sure hoped Edward could
prevent the cramps.

"When is your period, Ashley?"  I asked.

 "It will start in a couple weeks." She replied.

I told her how Edward had helped me. She was excited
about that. Women are always in search of anything
that will make those days better. Since men can not
have a period, all of them should be assigned a woman
to service the way Edward did me. If all of us could
use a man for our convenience during those days, the
world would be more pleasant.

Edward had licked and sucked me clean again. 

"Give me pleasures, Toilet." 

Toilet began to lick and tease my clit with his
tongue. He had not complained about his tongue being
tired.

I started to ride his face. I was riding in the
saddle so that his nose would be more involved. Since
this was my period, my scent would be a lot stronger.
I wanted to be sure Edward received all of his just
rewards!

He was eating me with the same movements we told him
to do with Ashley. Ashley was fucking me with her two
fingers. This was divine. I had multi orgasms.

I collapsed, Edward continued to lick. He was doing so
good that I did not have the heart to bite him, even
though I liked inflicting pain on him. The dork
probably did not even appreciate my personal restraint.

 "Ashley, are you about ready for bed? I am
exhausted."

"Me too." She replied. "To bad we can't take Toilet to
bed with us."

"Oh, but we can." I smiled my big beautiful smile.

I pressed a button an a special made bed came down
from the wall. It was 10' square.

I pressed another button and Edward was pulled to the
bed. I secured him. He was positioned on the bed with
his head in the middle.

 "Wow, Cassie you have thought of everything", Ashley
beamed.

We started to get ready for bed. Edward had said
nothing. He just watched us.

"I have a present for you." I smiled at Ashley, as I
handed her a gift rapped box from Victoria's Secret.

Ashley open it, screamed with delight, and gave me a
big hug and a kiss.

"The black negligee we looked at when we were in
Victoria's Secret last week.  Thanks, thanks, oh
thanks.  You are so thoughtful!"

I picked up a new red one I had purchased for my self
and we headed to the bathroom to shower. 

"Having your toilet separate from the bathroom is
nice."  I said with a smile.

Ashley smiled and gave me a wink. 

I looked back at Edward to see if he was watching two
lovely, sexy asses walk away.

He was watching. His eyes were eyes of sadness, not
the eyes of joy they should have been at seeing such a
lovely sight.




                         Cassie's Secret

                          Chapter Five

We stepped into the shower giggling like two school girls.  We really 
liked each other and enjoyed our time together. That worthless Edward 
would enhance our pleasure a lot. Now that Edward's status had changed 
there was no one else in either of our lives. Ashley had been faithful 
to me since we met in college four years ago. I dated men. I had 
explained that to Ashley. She did not like it, but she liked me enough 
to accept it. Men are not caring or understanding like that. I had 
never met anyone as caring and as sweet as Ashley. We washed each other.  
She even washed my pussy. Just because it was my period did not bother 
her. Try and get a man to do that!

We put on our new panties,bras,and negligees and walked back out to 
Edward. He watched us come toward him. We were hand in hand. When we 
got to the bed we had a nice long passionate kiss. We crawled in bed.  
Ashley bounced on the other side of Edward, kicking him in the chest 
as she went over. She giggled, I knew she kicked him on purpose. We 
were setting up necking. I knew it was killing Edward. Good that he 
had sense enough to keep quiet.

We turned over on our sides facing each other with Edward's head in 
the middle. He could breathe the feminine aroma of both of our pussies.  
As we kissed, Ashley started to use her toe nails on Edward's chest.  
I saw what she was doing and did the same thing. Edward was being 
scratched by both of us. He should feel fortunate to feel our beautiful 
toes on his chest. Both of us started hunching Edward's head. When we 
started to cum we gave Edward instructions about sucking one than the 
other. We played with Edward and with each other until the late morning 
hours. Finally we fell asleep.

I awaken before Ashley. I yawned removed my panties and pad. Placing a 
knee on either side of Edward's head. I said.  
"Toilet, wake up I got to pee, and my pussy is filthy. Lick it."

Edward forgot his predicament for a few seconds. He snorted and said.
"What is that awful smell!"

"You will be used like this until the end of my next period, Toilet. My 
pussy does not smell awful."
  
He realized where he was.
  
"I'm sorry, Goddess Cassie, please forgive me. Your pussy smells very 
good." He inserted his nose to prove a point.
 
I smiled down at him.

"Sorry Toilet, to late. When Ashley awakens I will tell her what you 
said and we will punish you together. For now I have got to pee.  
Do you want to drink from my beautiful pussy?"

"Yes, Goddess Cassie. Please piss in my mouth, I am thirsty. I beg you, 
let me drink your tasty golden nectar."

I giggled. He was so stupid. I knew he was going over board with that 
garbage to avoid his punishment. But we liked to punish him, so it was 
not going to work.

I started to piss and Edward was taking big gulps. I let him drink and 
when I was about finished, I stopped pissing.  Edward swallowed all of 
it and licked me a few times while I held back a little bit of piss.
  
"Open your mouth, Toilet."  I said with a devilish smile.

Edward opened his mouth.
  
"Now let all of the air out of your lungs, then inhale slowly through 
your mouth until I say stop."
 
When Edward had exhaled and started to inhale I gave him a squirt of piss.  
He inhaled my piss and started to cough.
  
"Inhale Toilet! I want your lungs full of my piss."

His coughing, sputtering, and flouncing around woke up Ashley.  Poor 
thing tried to comply. He was inhaling my piss and coughing. He finally 
got his breath and swallowed. His face was red and he was out of breath.  
All the time I was a straddle of his face and would not let him raise up.  
That prolonged his ordeal.
  
"Toilet I am going to punish you for waking me up. But first I have to pee. 
"I hope you like morning pee."

"I do, Goddess Ashley, as much as the flowers like the morning dew."

Ashley giggled, and took a bite of his already sore thumb.
 
"Could we put him back in the pit so I can put the saddle on him.  I like 
to straddle his face when I go pee."

I went to the control panel and pushed the button. Edward was going back to 
The Pit. We started calling it that. Ashley did not release Edward's thumb.  
He howled in pain as the machinery started to move him faster than she was 
moving. She held back on his thumb all the way. It looked like her teeth 
may peel his thumb but they didn't. When he was in place. Ashley threw the 
saddle on him. She removed her panties and jumped in the saddle. His neck 
moved when her 102 lbs. hit the saddle.
  
'Ride em cowgirl."  She said as she kicked Edward in the stomach.
"We must get a set of spurs for Ol Toilet. I could really spur him right
now. Do you think we could find them today, Cassie?"

"I have a pair right here."  I told her as I opened the cabinet and removed 
a brand new pair spurs. These would strap on boots, plus they had a fake heel 
that was adjustable. It fit the back part of a ladies foot.

Ashley held out her feet, "Please put them on me. I am going to ride Ol 
Toilet."

She continued to piss in Edward's mouth.  He was swallowing. Tears were 
in his eyes. I think he was broken. My taking a shit in his mouth hurt 
him a lot. My abuse of him hurt. But when I brought another woman to use 
and abuse him, one that I made love with, it was more than he could take.
He had swallowed all of her piss and licked her clean.

"Goddess Cassie, you are never going to release me, are you?" He cried.

"Of course I am." I lied. "When you have served your time and learned to 
serve me properly. You have brought all of this on yourself, Toilet. 
You made me promises you had no intentions of keeping. This time period 
will give you the opportunity to reflect and evaluate the situation.
Hopefully you will decide to serve me with all of your heart.  I will 
accept nothing less than total obedience. Also you must be totally and 
completely devoted to me and my pleasures with no regard for yourself.  
You must fully recognize and believe that a little inconvenience to me 
is more important than your very life.  When you really recognize this 
and your time is served I will set you free from The Pit.  But you will 
not want to be free of me. Don't you understand?  I will be your only 
reason for living. That is the importance of this training. Am I doing 
all of this work for nothing?"  I pouted.

"Goddess Cassie, I want to serve you in every way I can for the rest of
my life. Please don't kill me."

Edward was pleading for his life. I almost felt sorry for him.

"What rubbish." Ashley retorted. "Here take this."
  
She dug her spurs into Edward's stomach and raked just like a bucking 
horse is spurred at the rodeo. The spurs were designed to scratch the 
human skin without cutting it open.  Edward had wide scratches all over 
his stomach where Ashley was spurring him and yelling.  "Go Ol Toilet!"

She had placed both of his hands in front of her and would bite one then 
the other. Edward was learning the meaning of pain. She rode him for 
about 30 minutes. He was standing up supporting her weight. With all of 
her jumping around, Edward collapsed. His hands were jerked up as his 
wrist had to support all of their weight. Ashley just kicked her legs 
out straight and yelled, "Yahoo, what a ride!"

I heard something pop. I didn't know if it broke his arms, wrenched them 
from their socket or what. Edward screamed and passed out. Ashley got off 
and we sit down and we were making love when Edward came to. He was 
moaning, and crying at the same time. He was such a wimp!

"What is wrong now, Toilet?" You cry to much. It disturbs our love making.  
Your time in the pit is now increased by another month. Ashley is staying 
here and the two of us will be using you. We are discussing having the 
chapter come over. If they do the first time they come, all of their 
bodily expulsions will go into the holding tank and when Ashley and I are 
not playing with you, the holding tank will be fasten to your mouth. Is 
this not fun, Toilet?"

Ashley laughed, got off the bed, went over and kicked Edward in the balls.  
He passed out again.

"Cassie, there is a good movie on tonight. Let's go to it, and pick up 
my clothes. Maybe when we return Toilet will feel like some more fun.  
I really enjoyed the ride."

I agreed. Each of pissed in the holding tank and I fastened it to Edward's 
mouth.  We went to the shower and started getting ready to go out.  When 
we came out of the shower, Edward was moaning and drinking our piss.
  
"Stop moaning, Toilet, or I will add another month. You are to be happy 
to serve us. A little pain is to be expected.  Look at us, are we not 
beautiful?"

We were standing where Edward could see us. Ashley was completely nude 
and I had on red panties and bra which contrast so beautifully against 
my dark skin  I got on my knees and kissed Ashley's blond pussy. I 
raised up and Ashley and I passionately kissed each other.
  
"See toilet, if you had kept your original promises to me, you could be 
kissing my lips now. Instead you are drinking our piss."

"I think he enjoys drinking our piss. Don't you toilet?"  Ashley was 
smiling as she said this. Her eyes sparkled when she was torturing a man.

She walked closer to Edward and lifted his hand to her mouth. Can you 
believe the wimp started to whimper. This only turned Ashley on.
  
"I wasn't going to bite you but your whimpering turns me on so much that 
I have just got to see you in more pain."
  
She placed Edward's thumb in her mouth middle knuckle first and bit.  
She shuck her head from side to side. There was no blood but Edward 
sure was noisy about the whole thing. I bit Edward's other thumb and 
did the same as Ashley. We chewed on him for about ten minutes. 
 
"He makes me so horny, Cassie." Ashley sighed. "But I will save him 
until we get back from the movies. Do you hear that, Ol Toilet.  
I want you rested for another wild ride. I have a nice leather riding 
crop at home. I am bringing it to use on you. Does that make you happy?"  
She said with laughter.
  
Ashley was a lot of fun to be with.

"Cassie, we need more in the holding tank so Toilet can enjoy it while 
we are gone. Maybe we should have the ladies come over and fill it.  
I'm sure Toilet would like for thirty or so ladies to piss and shit in 
the tank so he could treat himself to it. I don't know if the wimp can 
give a proper ride to all of them though. He really is a wimp! How could 
you have married him?"

"He promised to be my slave, to eat me whenever I wanted, etc. He lied 
to me. His lies and what he did to me are what got him where he is."  
I replied.

"Well I think this is where he belongs." Ashley replied with a toss of 
her blond hair.

We walked away to dress leaving Edward in The Pit.  




                   Cassie's Secret

                    Chapter Six

                 Cassie Rembers Edward


When we returned Edward was asleep. The holding tank was empty.  
He had drank all of our piss.

"Wake up Toilet," I cooed. "I have to use you."
  
We removed his feeding tube and place the saddle on him. I 
straddled his face. My menstrual flow still needed his loving mouth!

"Suck hard, I need relief."
  
I let Edward suck on my pussy and swallow a few times.

"Edward, I love the relief you give me. Do a really good job, get rid 
of my discomforts, and I may reduce your time in, The Pit. I have got 
to pee, I haven't pissed since I left here."
  
I started to piss in Edward's mouth. He was doing a good job of 
swallowing. I must have pissed a pint. Edward drink all of it. When I 
stopped he took some hard deep breaths. I turned around, placing my ass 
hole over his mouth and farted in the middle of one of his deep breaths.  
That choked him, I quickly threw on the scent tent. Boy did it stink.
  
"You are so lucky, Toilet. You have just drink from my beautiful pussy 
and now you are treated to the unmistakable aroma coming directly off 
my shit, which you even get to eat. Lucky, lucky, you!" I said with a 
giggle.

I started to shit in Edward's mouth. I knew he would not vomit this time. 
He would not vomit again no matter how toxic the meal. Edward was a toilet 
for life. I pushed the turds in his mouth as he swallowed.  We were 
getting pretty good at this. I was improving at feeding him my shit and 
he was getting better at eating it. It is good when two people can work 
together for mutual benefit. I had the mirrors adjusted so I could see the 
shit enter his mouth. He had his mouth opened wide. His missing teeth were 
great for allowing the turds to enter.  Edward used his tongue to cut 
through the shit and momentarily stop the flow into his mouth. He would
swallow then pull his tongue back down so more shit could enter his mouth. 
He continued in like manner until I was finished. I was glad he was trying 
to be a proper toilet. He really did a good job and I complimented him.

"Toilet, you are doing such a good job that I am reducing your time by a day!"

"Thank you Goddess Cassie, I will strive to perform as you and Goddess 
Ashley desire. I realize how fortunate I am to be in the company of two 
Goddesses but I want to be free to continue to serve you, and even Goddess 
Ashley, if that is what you want."

"How about what I want, Toilet." Ashley retorted. She bit his thumb again.

"Oh please Goddess Ashley, I meant whatever the both of you want." Edward 
begged.
What an ass kisser! No pun intended!

"Take some really deep breaths, Toilet. Get all of the joyful smells 
you can before I turn on the fan. Ashley has to go potty too."

I turned on the exhaust fan for a few minutes to clear the stink from 
the scent tent. We removed it. Ashley swung in the saddle. She started 
pissing immediately on landing.  I  know she was trying to piss faster 
than Edward could swallow. I could not believe he was keeping up. His 
Adam's Apple was bobbling up and down like a cork in water and a fish 
on the other end. It was comical to watch how fast he was drinking 
Ashley's piss.

"That was a pretty good job, Toilet, I hope you can do as good a job 
while I am shitting. If not I will choke you. How would you like to be 
choked to death on shit?"

She laughed as she turned around, positioned her ass hole over Edward's
mouth and fastened on the scent tent.

"Edward, Ashley and I had hot and spicy Mexican food tonight. We were 
thinking of you! See how thoughtful we can be! We drink a few beers for 
your enjoyment too. We even toasted you! I know you are pleased to get 
beer with your piss."

Ashley pushed a large turd in Edward's mouth. He cut it twice with his 
tongue, swallowing after each cut. The next turd was smaller and Edward 
was swallowing it by leaving his mouth open.  Ashley was forcing the shit 
down Edward's throat. He was swallowing and gasping for air. When Ashley 
cut it off, Edward swallowed the end of it, and breathed in deeply. 
Immediately another turd was in Edward's mouth. He did the same thing again.  
Edward was really doing a nice job of being a toilet. Anything worth doing 
is worth doing well, I always heard.

"You are becoming quite a little toilet,Toilet."  Ashley said with a giggle.  
"As much as I would like to bite your thumb again, I won't unless you want 
to pleasure me by requesting I chew on you."

Silence for bit.

"Well," Ashley said rather sharply.

"May I offer my fingers to you for your chewing pleasure, Goddess Ashley."  
Edward said with a slight whimper in his voice.

"Only if you remember your manners and ask Cassie to bite you also.  It's 
no fun to dine alone!"  Ashley was giggling.

"Would you like to bite me, Goddess Cassie?"  Edward asked.

"Why think you Toilet." I said as each of us picked up a hand and guided 
it to our open mouths. We looked into each others eyes and bit at the same 
time. The wimp whined again. We smiled at each other and casually chewed 
on his fingers. Ashley was rubbing her ass on his face. She got his nose 
in her ass hole and was spiraling on his face.  Both of us were getting 
hot. We continued to chew on Edward's fingers, first one then the other.  
Not bringing blood but bruising him badly.  I looked at Edward's fingers.  
They were covered with deep indentations from my teeth.  I have perfectly 
shaped teeth. The imprints looked marvey. After Ashley dismounted, I held 
his hand down where Edward could see it.

"I thought you might want to see some really nice teeth marks, and see the 
improvement to your fingers. Notice how colorful they are, and the perfect 
indentations.

Ashley held his other hand in front of his eyes too. The places where 
Ashley had brought blood before were bandaged but the rest of his fingers 
were indented just like the first hand he seen.  Same color scheme too!
 
"Let's activate his shower.  I am so horny and am dying to try out my whip.  
Chewing on him and using him as a toilet really turned me on."  Ashley said.  
"To bad he doesn't have two mouths so he could serve both of us at the same 
time!"

"I wonder if we could operate and make him a mouth on each cheek and sew 
up the one he has now."  I giggled.

"Yes," Ashley replied. "And while we shit in his mouth we could piss in 
his ear!"   We both laughed at that.  Ashley had a really good sense of 
humor.  Edward did not laugh I guess he was losing his sense of humor.
Edward's shower ended.

"Did you wash your mouth really good?" I asked him.

"Yes, Goddess Cassie, I did." He answered.

"Good," Ashley said, as she mounted his face.

She had put on the spurs and had the riding crop in hand. Edward did 
not wait for the order to lick her pussy, but started licking on contact.  
Her pussy  was already wet and aroused. Ashley started to move slowly 
and sensuously on his face. Her eyes were partially closed. Her breathing 
became deeper and louder. I know Edward was using all of his newly 
acquired cunnilingus skills to give pleasure to Ashley. He wanted to 
lessen his pain.  Little did the fool know it did not work that way.  
Both of us enjoyed his pain. It turned us on to see him so helpless, so 
humiliated, and in so much pain. It pleased us to inflict so much pain on 
him that he would collapse or pass out. Ashley was just warming up to 
Edward. He would endure more than he would have thought was humanly 
possible before he was placed in his final resting place. Have I
mentioned where that is! Edward will be placed in my septic tank. I had 
it made so that there is a place to lay Edward so that everything 
entering the tank will flow over his mouth and face.  I hope to place 
him there while he is still alive and can enjoy the last taste and smell 
of our bodily waste. The tank is a very large capacity. It will never 
need to be serviced. I hate to be around it while it is opened and we 
are placing Edward in it, but I have a gas mask for me and one for 
Ashley. I have not mentioned this to Ashley but I am sure she will like 
to see Edward laying in the tank and knowing what is happening to him 
every time she flushes the toilet.

I dreamily bit Edward. He winced. Ashley picked up his hand and started 
to bite his fingers as she moved on his face.  I watched Ashley as she 
was pleasuring herself with Edward. Her eyes were closed and she was 
chewing on his fingers as she face fucked him.

I matched her jaw movements in rythym with movements of mine. Edward 
could relish in the pain that both of us was inflicting with our teeth.  
This was not so bad for Edward. He was giving immense pleasure to two 
beautiful women. We were simply using him until he was all used up.  
His life had meaning. He was doing something very worthwhile, noble in 
fact. More men should strive to do something great with their lives so 
that women could derive pleasure from their existence.

Edward was getting better at managing the pain. He was hardly whimpering 
at all and we were biting pretty hard.

"Oh,  another orgasm! This is my third since I have been up here. You 
are performing terrifically, Toilet!

She pulled his face to her pussy, sinking her nails in his neck. Red was 
starting to swell as her nails cut into him. She gritted her teeth a 
little, I matched the movement. Edward Screamed this time as blood came 
from the forefingers of both of his hands. Neither of us released our 
holds. I saw Ashley move his finger so that only the first joint was in 
her mouth. I did the same. She breathed deeply through her teeth, pushed 
forward with her pelvis, pulled hard with her fingers and nails and bit
hard. I bit hard too. Edward lost the ends of two fingers at near the 
same time. He screamed the loudest I had heard him scream yet. So much 
for my thinking he was able to handle a little pain! I turned on the 
cauterizing rod. I put the smelling salts to his nose. Blood was 
everywhere. Edward har an unbelievable capacity to make a mess! I 
pressed the red hot rod to his 
finger. He screamed and passed out again.

Ashley swung off of Edward and turned on the water.  I noticed she had 
turned on the cold water only. I knew she wanted him conscious when the 
next finger was cauterized. Edward came to a little and Ashley 
cauterized the other finger. Edward screamed and passed out again.
  
"Guess that messes up my ride for a little while, but THAT was great.  
I have never experienced anything remotely as gratifying as that!  
Torturing him like this is soooo much fun! Oh thank you Cassie for 
giving me such intense pleasure!

We went to the bathroom to clean up and brush our teeth. We showered 
together.  As I washed Ashley and she washed me, I thought of all the 
pleasure Edward was bringing us. No one would believe such a wimp 
could give a woman so much pleasure.

"You look dreamy, a penny for your thoughts," Ashley smiled at me.

"Who would have though that Edward could give so much pleasure. Did 
you notice how he was concentrating on pleasuring us. Such a perfect 
toilet, and then he was really giving you plesures with his tongue."

"That was the greatest! Cassie you should have been riding him. His 
mouth and tongue did everything right. I would build up so much and 
than explode with force. Little wonder he lost a bit from his finger!  
What did you do with the end of his finger?  I just spit mine on the 
floor." Ashley said.
  
"That is what I did to. Think we ought to feed them to him?" I asked 
Ashley with a twinkle in my eye.
  
"Even after they have been on the floor!" Ashley giggled.

"Well they don't need to be washed, and besides he could use a little 
meat in his diet."

"Good, I want to see his face when we inform him he has to eat and 
swallow both of his finger tips."  Ashley was really enjoying Edward.  
I like doing these things to Edward but I also liked pleasing Ashley.  
And Ashley was ecstatic.

Ashley moved closer and kissed me. Her mouth was mint sweet from the 
toothpaste. She place her hand on my pussy and opened my lips with her 
fingers. She deftly inserted a finger and started to gently massage me.  
She place her other hand on my breast. I started to cum. All of the 
excitement with Edward had me primed. When Edward came to he was going 
down on me the way he did Ashley. He had never been close to performing 
like that with me. I was jealous of that. I would inflict a little more 
pain on him and would not even tell him why. He would lose some more of 
another of his fingers.
  
We finished our shower and dried each other. I put on a pair of panties 
and a new pad. We walked out hand in hand. Edward was still being washed.  
He had regained consciousness. We walked seductively toward him. He was 
not looking at us!

"Toilet," I said loudly. "You are missing another beautiful sight. I am 
adding two days for your stupidity. Two of the most beautiful ladies who 
ever lived, walk toward you and you do not watch. Toilet we are nude! 
Well Ashley is, and I have on just my panties." "We are insulted. You 
should be staring with your tongue hanging out."

I put the saddle on him.

"Cassie, are you sure you plan to ever free me?"
  
"You did not properly address me, Toilet. Is getting free all you think 
of? You should be concentrating on how you can give us more pleasures.  
You were doing so good, I thought there was hope for you. You served 
both of us admirably. So good, that I decreased your sentence. Ashley 
received immense pleasure from you as did I. We marked you a little so 
that you would always remember the pleasure you gave us. Now you ruin 
it all by showing that you have learned nothing. The whole purpose of 
all of this is to teach you how to respect and treat a woman. You are 
to learn that nothing matters except that she be satisfied. You have 
learned nothing. You whine and complain about a little pain and 
discomfort. I am not sure you will ever be released from the pit. You 
use the word free. Free to you as it should be to all men, is free to 
serve a woman. To serve me the way I want to be served. To perform 
cunnilingus for at least an hour at a session. To drink from my pussy.  
To lick my ass after I have taken a dump. And yes, Edward on occasion 
I will be taking that dump in your mouth! I'm sorry for both of us 
Edward. You are failing to learn something magnificent, and I am failing 
to obtain a willing slave. You are going to be my slave for the remainder 
of your life, Edward. It is up to you whether you do it in comfort or 
whether you serve me the way you are now doing. I want you to perform 
the way you did with Ashley."

"I am weak, I am in great pain. I can't take anymore of this. Free me 
or kill me."  Edward demanded.

"Toilet, you are so stupid. Look at me! You worthless piece of shit. Do 
you think for one minute you can deprive me of the pleasures I am due?  
You are so stupid."

I mounted his face. I slid my pussy to his mouth. He kept his mouth 
closed. I could feel my eyes become slits.

"O.K., Toilet, if torture is what it takes so be it. Up until now we 
have used you for our pleasure, and you have received only some 
ocassional discomfort. Now you will be tortured. When you have had 
enough and want to return to pleasing us you may say so. Your 
punishment is our chapter will meet here. The holding tank will be 
hooked up to the commode upstairs. It is like a chemical toilet but 
no chemicals. Each lady will piss, shit, and whatever in it. When they 
push the foot control it will open and dump everything, paper, tampons, 
whatever, in the holding tank. You will not be hungry after you eat all 
of everyones waste!" 
 
"Ashley call the chapter, I will see that Toilet will be properly tortured."
 
As Ashley was dialing I went upstairs to the closet and removed a broom 
with a straw head. I broke some straws off of the broom head and slipped 
on a pair of latex gloves. I walked out to the garage and dipped them in 
gasoline and returned to Edward. He had no idea how much pain he was about 
to endure.

"Now Toilet we shall see if you ever want to rebel again."
  
I picked up one of his hands and placed the fingers in a clamp so that 
he could not move them. I slowly pushed a straw under his fingernail.  
Edward was screaming. I flicked my lighter and lit the straw.  Edward 
really screamed as the straw rapidly burned under his nail. I started 
to push another straw under another fingernail.
  
"Just think Toilet, If Ashley and I had eaten off all of your fingers 
there would be no nails for this. Oh Toilet, this is going to hurt 
soooo much! You have so many finger nails!"

Edward was crying. I lit the second straw. Edward screamed again, he 
was drenched in perspiration. I slowly pushed a straw under another 
nail. Edward was sobbing and begging me to stop.
  
"Please stop Goddess Cassie. I will continue to serve you and Goddess
Ashley. I will complain no more. Oh god please don't lite that straw."

I looked down at him. He was perspiring, the sweat was running in his 
eyes as fast as the tears was washing it out. His eyes were very red.  
There was no white, just red. Very coldly I told him.

"I always complete what I start."
  .
I lit the third straw as it was burning and Edward was shaking with 
deep sobs I reached for another straw.

Ashley walked up and said, "Umm, roasted nibblets. May I eat one, Toilet?"

"Yyyes, Gggoddess Ashley."  Edward sobbed.

"I'll take a rain check," Ashley said. "I don't think I would like the 
gasoline flavor."

"I talked to Marla. She was delighted to meet here tomorrow night. She 
will contact the members and they will be here about 7:00. She was 
impressed that we wanted to party until the ladies wanted to leave, 
even all night, all day and into the following night. She felt sure 
many would want to do that. This group loved to party she said."
   
"Did you hear that, Toilet?" I asked Edward. "Are you going to accept 
your punishment and be grateful that I am not extending your stay in, 
'The Pit', for another month?  "I should you know."

"I will accept my punishment, Goddess Cassie."  Edward said in a 
broken voice.

"Great, here is a little treat for you." Cassie said as she put the 
finger tips in Edward's mouth.

"Be sure you eat all the meat off the bone."

Edward asked no questions. He chewed the finger tips and swallowed  
until there was Nothing left but bones. I am sure he knew what they 
were.

I mounted his face again.
  
"My pussy needs sucking and cleaning. I noticed you are two sanitary 
napkins behind already. You will suck them clean tonight while Ashley 
and I sleep."

Edward started sucking my pussy. I could feel my menses move down and 
flow into his mouth. I watched his Adams Apple move up and down as he 
swallowed the discharge. I looked at Ashley with a smirk on my face.  
I  pressed my legs against his ears and whispered to her so softly that 
Edward could not hear.
  
"Think he will give us anymore trouble?"

"No I don't, but I really do not care if he does. If he does can I 
torture him."

"Welll, you can do that anyway. He deserves what he is getting. Have
your fun with the whimp. You can do anything to him you wish. You do 
not have to ask me. Think of him as ours, not just mine."

Even as I said this I knew Edward was in for more pain. Ashley enjoyed 
Edward's pain. Looking at her you would think she was nothing but 
sweetness. WRONG, she was very cruel to men. The more they suffered at 
her hands the more turned on she become. The more turned on she become 
the more she enjoyed inflicting pain. A vicious circle.

Edward was sucking and licking me, I was becoming more aroused. I started 
to hunch his face as I dug my nails in his neck. I was enjoying Edward's 
pain more too. He moaned with pain as I hunched his face and pulled harder 
with my nails. I wondered if a mans head could be severed by a woman's 
nails. Edward was trying again to please. He was licking the underside 
of my clit and gently sucking. This felt really good. I think the greatest
release a woman can have is in a man's mouth while she is giving him 
enough pain so he knows how superior she is. I felt my orgasm building.  
Ashley came over and a finger in my pussy to heighten my pleasure.  My 
eyes rolled back as my body shuddered.
  
"Oh Toilet," I moaned. "That was good."

Edward cleaned my pussy quite admirably. I dismounted. As I walked 
toward the bathroom to wash, I turned to look at him. He looked rather 
used. He needed a good shower again. His fingers, neck, and head had a 
lot of his blood on them from our bites and nails. His face was covered 
with cum, and menstrual flow.  His face had a haggard look. I do not 
think he is well. I smiled as I thought, "It must be partly due to his diet".  




                   Cassie's Secret  

                     Chapter 7

The story continues from chapter three. Chapters four through six
were Cassie's thoughts and reflections of Edward. The story now 
returns to the present after Cassies invitation to Charlie.


I needed no other invitation. I could not get to the bed
quickly enough. Cassie was stretched out in the middle of the 
bed, not a stitch of clothing on. She looked radiant and this
was in the morning after she had screwed my face off. No make
up, just Natural Cassie. Boy, was I lucky!
  
"Do you want to tie me Your Royal Highness."

She beamed, really looked radiant, when I said that.
 
"No, I want you completely free, welll almost."
  
A giggle and a sexy smile right on cue.  Cassie knew how to use 
every smile,every look, every giggle at just the right time. She 
was like a narcotic to me, I had tasted, was hooked, and never wanted
to be cured of my fix.

I did something that came so natural at the time. I gave it no
thought, I went to the foot of the bed, and started to lick her
feet and suck on her toes. I ran my tongue in between each toe of 
each foot, ran my tongue up and down the soles of her feet, made
little circles on the bottoms while she giggled, screamed, and
laughted with delight. She was just a little ticklish. Her laughter
and giggles were sometimes child like, sometimes very adult like,
and sometimes very wicked.  Of course I watched her face all I could
while performing this little thing on her feet. I was so enchanted
with all of her expressions. The changing looks on her face were where
I got my assessment for the descriptions of her many cries of delight.
Mixed in with all this playful laughter was little kicks and cries
of, 
"Stop tickling me, quit it, stop," and other things.  

But she always placed a foot at my face again. Cassie was really 
having fun. I started to move up her leg with my licks and kisses.  
The first few attempts were met with a bent knee and a foot placed 
in my face pushing me back down at the same time she was almost begging 
me to stop. Then on one trip up her leg, she did not push me back down.  
My mouth roamed over her one leg at a time working slowly over the 
underside of her knee.  Every once in a while a little moan was mixed 
with the giggles. As my mouth found her inner thigh, the moans became 
more and the giggles less. My Goddess was becoming more aroused. Her 
feminine scent was strong. I inhaled deeply with my nose a fraction of 
an inch from her pussy. I was so hard. I needed relief badly. I put a 
hand to my cock and started to move it.  

"No, Charlie, don't do that. It will lessen your concentration and
your pleasing of ME."
  
I removed my hand from my cock with reluctance and placed it 
on her g spot. I began to press there in rhythm to my tongue movements
over her clit. I placed my left hand near my right one. I wiped some cum
with two of my fingers and slowly worked them inside. Cassie was like an 
oven.  She was making little animal sounds and could not hold her ass still.
She kept telling me how good that feels, move your tongue more, deeper 
Charlie, while all of the time moaning, taking deep breaths which sounded
"Ahhhhhh" and ended "Ooooh or ohhhh".  Differentiated by short o and long o.
Either meant the same, Cassie was being pleasured tremendously and was
really enjoying the attention she was receiving.  She was keeping me at 
a sexual high.  My dick throbbed, I wanted so badly to fuck her, really
fuck her, with my dick. I started to move my head up her stomach. I made 
it to her belly button and just got the tip of my tongue inside and with
my knees bent I was getting my dick really close to her pussy.
She stopped moaning, stopped moving her cute ass. Both of her hands hit
my forehead with force.

"No Charlie, bad boy! Don't stop doing what you were doing.  You
were giving me the most pleasure I have ever had. Don't ruin it for 
me Charlie."

I went back to the same thing again and her cresendo told me I was 
performing to her expectations. I was thinking more of Cassie's pleasure
all the time. Each time we made love, I felt the desire to please her 
more.  I promised myself to concentrate more on her pleasures when we
made love this way. I realized how lucky I was. She was so beautiful.
I felt her hands go to my head, I braced myself for the cutting of her 
nails.  It did not come.  Instead her moans grew louder as she gyrated
while holding my face against her pussy. Little cries of pleasure 
cames from her pretty mouth. I gave her pleasures my sole concentration.
My tongue was really meant for this. I put my hands up to her tits, 
squeeze them and gently rolled her nipples between my thumb and finger.  
They were large and stuck straight out. Almost all of the areola of her 
tits now made up her nipples. Cassie was really turned on. Her body 
shuddered, her moans were loud, I was receiving a lot of cum. I 
swallowed it, moved my tongue as fast as I could over her clit, pausing 
quickly to suck and clean her pussy of cum. She was so hot, my face felt
like it was in an oven.

"Oh Charlie, was that as good for you as it was for me?"

I looked into her eyes, they were full of love.
  
"Yes, that was more pleasurable than any vanilla sex I ever had."

My dick was throbing, my balls were begging for release.  She raised
up, and said, "Here Charlie, let me have that monster."

She giggled as she started pumping my dick. It must have taken her 
nearly 10 secs to have me pumping cum in a furious climax.
She kissed my forehead.

"Ooh Charlie, you need a bath! You smell like an unwashed pussy!"
She laughed, a throaty sexy laugh.

I got off the bed.

"Charlie, go run the tub full of warm, almost hot, water for me.
Want to bathe me, Charlie?"  She ask with a giggle. "I know you do!"

I looked at her, she was all aglow. I have never seen a more
pleased or happy look on anyone. She was really in love with me.
I bent down and kissed her pussy lips a slow pasionate kiss.  I
inhaled deeply drawing her feminine sent deeply into my lungs.
So it was strong, That just made me love it even more. I gave her
slit a quick lick from bottom to top and headed to the bathroom.
She was stretched out, following me with her big brown eyes.

I started her bath and took a piss. When I turned she was in
the doorway, naked.
 
"I have to pee too, Charlie." She said with a grin. She even looked
shy when she grined like that.  Cassie had so many looks, so many 
faces. She even looked like a different person sometimes.  I must
record all of her looks on film.  She could have been a model. 
She could have been anything she chose.
  
"Do you want me to be your pee toilet Cassie?"
I ask this sort of automatic. She smiled.
  
"You are so sweet and considerate, Charlie. But no. Hey, you can watch 
if you want!"

There was that sexy giggle again. I needed no other invitation.
I dropped to my knees in front of the commode, placed my cheek
against her thigh as she started to piss.  I watched that lovely 
golden stream exit her gorgeous body, I could not help myself,
I reached out with my tongue and felt the hot stream bounce off
of it.  I slanted my tongue and rolled it so some of her piss
would flow into my mouth.
  
"Charlie, I do love you." She softly said.

When she finished pissing I licked her pussy. I enjoyed it. The
taste of urine from her pussy combined with my thoughts of her 
beauty was an aphrodisiac like I never dreamed. She caressed my 
head with her hands and fingers. I felt a gentle squeeze of her 
thighes on my face.
  
"I think my bath is ready, Charlie."

I got up and held my hand for her.  She took my hand and raised
up off the toilet seat.  Her eyes never left mine.  I felt that
I was the worlds luckiest guy. I do not know what I have done 
to merit such happiness. I turned off the water and held her hand 
as she stepped into the tub.

"How is the water?"  I asked.

"Great!" Was her only reply. She slid down in the water. I
poured some skin so soft in the water, got a wash cloth, soaped
it and started at her tits.  It felt so good to run the cloth 
over her firm beautiful breast.  I watched the nipple grow as the 
circle decreased in size.  Cassie had her eyes closed, her lips
were parted a little. She looked like she was in heaven.  I
know no angel ever looked as good.
  
"Charlie," she whispered in a dreamy voice, "If you don't move
elsewhere with your washing, I will be forced to put your head
underwater to finish what you are starting."
  
I kissed one of her nipples and moved the cloth down her chest 
and over her stomach.  I put the tip of my tongue in her cute 
little belly button, as I continued to bathe her.

"Charlie!"  She yelled and playfully put her hands on my head
pushing my face in the bath water down towards her pussy.  As 
she did this she raised her butt off the tub.  My face came back
out of the water, I started lapping her pussy using the bath water
to clean her.  She wiggled around and used her hands to force
my mouth everwhere in her pubic area, giggling all of the time.
Cassie was a lot stronger than one would first assume.  I was not
resisting as much as I could so she was using my tongue in lieu
of the cloth.  She turned on her side in the tub and with both
of her hands she guided my face to her ass.  I let her do this
and never stopped licking her.  Soon I was licking all of the
crack of her ass.  My tongue started going in and out of her 
all the time using the bath water to clean her.

"Stop it Charlie!" Cassie playfully yelled. "Get on with the
bathing! Can't you ever get enough of worshiping my bod, stop
for a sec! I have never met a man like you! No pussy for you
until after breakfast! Now stop playing and start bathing me."

Even though the command was shouted like an order, I knew she 
was playing.  Her voice was so musical and sexy at the same time.  
My eyes met hers, sooo beautiful. I went back to bathing her.  
She lifted each foot for me. I bent down and kissed her big toe.

"No, No, No, Charlie,"  she yelled as her toe slipped into my
mouth. "Charlie, you are impossible, bathe, Charlie, bathe!"

I went back to washing her. When I finished I held out my hand
to her, she took it, and raised up.
"Drain the water, Charlie, I have to wash my hair."

As the water drained I turned on the shower adjusting the temp
I poured some shampoo in my hands to help her wash her hair.
She never asked, I just wanted to. When we finished and she was 
rinsed all over she got out of the tub.  Her bush was so shiny, 
I liked the way the drops of water clinged to her pubes. I bent 
down towards her bush, she grabbed me by my hair.
  
"You need a shower Charlie, you stink!"  

I looked at her.

"I just can not imagine why!" She said with a giggle.
"Get in the shower, Charlie, I will dry myself.  If I let you
dry me, I will never get any breakfast."
  
Our eyes met again as I got under the shower. Cassie blew me a kiss 
as she walked out of the bathroom, with one lucky towel wrapped around 
her bod.

We had breakfast, talked, made plans. All the while she paid
no attention to anyone but me. I glanced a few times at the guys
coming and going in the restaurant. I could tell they were thinking
"How did he get her?"
  
I ask myself the same question a dozen times a day.

"Cassie, can I take you shopping?" I asked in the middle of one of 
her smiles.
"Cool, if we shop where I want." She answered with a giggle.

"We can shop Anywhere you want". I answered very quickly.

"OK,  cool!" That smile and giggle was right on cue. Her
brown eyes were sparkling too. I could tell she liked me a lot.
I paid and she asked the cashier where the, "Victoria's Secret",
store was located. It was quite aways away. 

I asked if she would call a cab for us. She did and very shortly 
we were on our way to Victoria's Secret. Cassie was excited and 
bubbly.  She really enjoyed my company. I think she was especially 
pleased that I would take her shopping at a lingerie shop. On the way 
I held her hand and looked into her eyes.  When I told her she
could buy anything and everything she wanted.  There was no limit.
She put her arms around me, we held each other close and kissed.
She had not kissed me very much, but this one was some kiss.
I could not help but think how great it would be to fuck her.
In my mind I knew I would, it would just take some time. I had 
alot of that and the prize was worth the waiting.  Meantime, 
what Cassie wants, Cassie gets! I knew she would be high dollar 
maintenance when I asked her to come on this trip. I had 
already decided tens of thousands on Cassie would be a minimum.
I had not hinted this to her. She would know she was worth
alot to me after the shopping today. Just wait until after
the shopping at Victoria's Secret. She knew my worth in
liquid assets in the states. She knew what my business was 
worth, she even knew my liabilities, but she had no idea of my
real worth. The accountant she knew only did the corporate 
accounting. He had no idea of my worth or other holdings.  
I loved Cassie more than I ever thought I could love anyone. I
trusted her. Had I not just trusted her with my life
when I was tied and thought I might not breathe again?
Still I had no intention of disclosing my other corporate
holdings, my portfolio, including major cd's and other
wealth to her.  It was just not a need to know.

The cab arrived at Victoria's Secret and we went inside. I shopped 
with her to her little hearts content.  She bought several pair
of panties & bra sets, thongs, sleepware, (playware to me!) 
and other items.  When we checked out, she looked at me and said 
softly so that only I could hear.  

"This is the most pleasure I have had since this morning and last night."  

I whispered to her. "You are about to start realizing a little of 
your worth to me."

"Charlie, I know that! I own you!" The "You" came out with 
multi lip movements.
  
Cassie was sexy, very happy, very sweet. She had not 
been nearly so sweet the whole trip.  She was getting 
sweeter, more romantic, happier with the passing of time.
I put the purchases on my American Express.  Yes 
the bill was large. But she only thought it was for
her!  It was really for me, I was going to see her
in every one of the items we purchased.  Eye Candy!
Now, don't you think it was for me, don't you think I 
am the one who would receive the major benefit from these
purchases?  Of course.

The sales lady was in a very good mood, she had noticed we 
arrived in a cab and ask if she could call us one. I bet that 
was one of her largest ever sales. I doubt if Cassie really 
needed that much lingerie, I am sure she was buying it just
to see if I would really spend that much on her and never blink 
an eye. Well I did, but just wait until the next stop.

I leaned forward and whispered in the driver's ear, "To the 
area's largest Corvette Dealer."

When we arrived, Cassie said.  "Cool I like looking at cars. 
If you thought this was going to be payback for me making you 
go lingerie shopping you are wrong! I will have as much fun here
as you will, wanna bet!"

Cassie, was so happy. I mean she was bubbling over. This was 
going to be fun.

"Cassie, I have heard you say to the other girls in the office 
several times how much you liked Corvettes.  Well, pick you out
one, you get to choose. I am tired of waiting for taxis."
  
"OK, but you have to live with my choice, Charlie! No complaints,
ever!"  

Cassie chose a yellow convertible. That would not have been my 
choice, but, it was for her.  I purchased it, put it on my credit 
card the way most people would buy a suit.  Then I turned halfway to
her so I could see both her and the employee.

"Title the car in the name of Cassie Snow. She will give you the address."
  
That was the first time I ever saw her speechless. The Victoria's 
Secret thing was nothing, she never blinked.  This was different, in 
spite of her impecable control, her lips parted and her chin dropped 
every so slightly before she recovered, looked at me, smiled and gave 
the guy the address like she was giving it to a pizza delivery boy.  
What poise!

We got the paperwork and temporary tags. She called her insurance 
agentand got insurance.

"Get in Charlie, I may just let you ride in MY new Vette, since you 
are the sweetest man I ever knew."
  
She said that just loud enough for those nearby to hear. She had that 
way of making me feel that I was the most important man on earth.
  
They had filled it with gas while we were doing the paperwork. Cassie 
drove away with the proudest passenger on earth.  She pulled in the 
first business we came to, parked, and turned to me.

"Charlie, you are the sweetest man I ever met.  I did not know anyone 
like you existed."

I smiled and started to say something flip.

"Sh sh, no, Charlie, let me finish.  I have dated a lot of guys, 
Charlie, lots. They have everyone, went out with me to get in my pants.  
All of them have been takers. I thought you were like the rest.  I was 
wrong about you.  You are sweet, being 'sweet'is the nicest thing that
can be said about anyone.  I kinda expected the shopping thing I even 
expected you to buy me more stuff, like clothes, shoes, maybe even 
jewelry.  No way did I ever dream of this. And know what, the most 
impressive thing is, you knew you were going to do this for me.  I have
met a few that could, none that would, but you did not even try to 
exchange the Vette for a fuck. I would not have, and I would not have 
thought you to be 'sweet' if you had tried. You just gave me a $60,000.
car just like you bought me a thousand dollars worth of lingerie.  Yes, 
you are sweet, very sweet, I will try to be sweet to you, Charlie, I'll 
try."

I wasn't looking at her when she was talking. The only time I have not 
looked into her eyes when she talked to me. I just had my head bowed a 
little and was looking at my feet. I looked over at her. She was crying, 
not sobs but her eyes were full of tears, and there were tears on her 
cheeks. Instantly there were lumps in my stomach, chest, and throat.  
I reached for her saying nothing. She came instantly to me. I held her 
tightly as she cried. I never expected a reaction like this, not from 
Cassie, totally out of character. The character I associated with her 
anyway. I don't know how long we embraced, not a short time. She pushed 
back, I wiped the tears from her eyes, kissed each eye gently, and as 
I moved my lips to hers I said.
 
"There is no need for tears, I love you very much, much more than I 
realized. I am going to love you more each day for the rest of my life."
  
We kissed, slow long, meaningful, when we parted, Cassie was still 
teary.
  
"I love you Charlie, I really do. There is a Dennys down the street, wanna 
drive MY Vette? You haven't driven it yet."
  
We changed places, she took my hand, and looked at me all the way there. 
I got out and opened the door for her.

"Just a minute Charlie," she got out some stuff and in a couple minutes 
she looked like she had never cried. She got out of the car, holding on 
to my hand, and we walked into the restaurant.
  
"I would like coffee, please." Cassie said.
  
I ordered two coffees, I never missed the, "Please". She had never said 
that to me before. The Cassie I thought I knew would have said, "Charlie 
get me a coffee".

Gone was the "Goddess" aire, She was not giggly, her smiles were still 
there, but had a warmth that I never noticed was missing in all those she 
had previously flashed at me.  I knew then that those were flirting smiles,
practiced smiles, I can get anything I want, smiles. These smiles were 
warm and real. She had won my heart and soul first, I had made a down 
payment on hers today.  

We set there, slowly sipping our coffee Cassie was quiet, I made a little 
small talk, not much, we really just sat there. When we walked out she 
said. "You drive, ok? Lets go back to the Motel for awhile."

We got back and when we walked into the room Cassie said, "Let's lay down 
and you just hold me for awhile."

We laid down, Cassie place her cute little butt against my stomach, and 
curled up, resting her head on my arm. Her hair was in my face. I did 
not want it moved. We lay like that saying nothing. I knew she was deep 
in thought. I knew she did not want to talk. She never said that, she 
did not have to. I could smell her hair and a faint smell of perfume.  
How did I ever get her. I am rich beyond normal terms, she did not know that.  
She just thought I was a little wealthy. I certainly am not handsome, 
not even good looking. I am older than she is by to much. I am not daring 
dashing, certainly not cocky. Girls of her looks and class go for the 
above types. They don't even give guys like me a second look. I have 
always felt inferior to girls like Cassie. I was not good enough for 
them, and I knew it. For years I had problems saying more than "hi" to 
girls not half as pretty as Cassie. Why did she choose me. She could 
have any man. I remembered what she said with tears in her eyes. She 
has been very quite, even a little subdued ever since. I want to talk 
to her but sense the time is not right. Please do not let her be 
having second thoughts about us, please.  She is all I want in life.  
I make myself a promise that I will refuse her nothing, belonging to 
her will be a lifes reward in itself. Pleasing her, making her happy 
will be my lifes work. Whatever the cost, whatever the future may bring, 
let us be together. I vow that I will never want, or ask for more than
to be her slave. With these thoughts, I drifted off to sleep.




                   Cassie's Secret
  
                    Chapter Eight
 
               Final Remembrances of Edward    


Edward certainly went beyond, yeah, he gave his all. That makes me 
horny just thinking of the look on his face when he came to in the 
sepic tank. When Ashley flushed and her waste and all that water hit 
him square in the face, well, that look was priceless! 

Edward had quickly come to after we had tortured him sensless. I think 
he was prepared for his final resting place. He was sick, feverish, 
had sores all over his body. Ashley, well me too, had thrashed his 
body all over with the riding crop. He had cuts and abrasions everyhere.  
He had passed out so many times from the pain.  We had put straws under 
his nails and lit them so many times that there was no feeling in his 
finger tips anymore. I remember when Ashley pulled the remainder of his 
teeth one each day. Several times she had drilled into the tooth and 
through to the nerve. Yeah, Edward was mentally prepared to give the 
rest of himself to me. He knew that longer life would only be more 
torture. Know what, I never felt sorry for him, no remorse what so 
ever. Edward deserved what he got, and is still getting. He knows 
nothing about that now. We did not put the cap on to cover the septic 
tank for a couple days. Sometime during that time Edward found peace. 
He was free from the constant pain and humiliation. I wish he were still 
alive so I could take a big dump in his mouth. I loved it when I would 
look at him with a big turd in his mouth. Hey I know what my shit 
smells like.  Edward said once that the taste was not nearly as bad as 
the smell. I'll take his word for that.

What a thrill to have a man serve me in such a degrading manner just 
because I am so beautiful to him. Edward served as my toilet but only 
because I made him. It was still a power trip that I will remember 
forever.  Ashley and I used and abused Edward constantly. When we had 
the chapter over we had wisely decided not to let them see Edward.  
They used the toilet that allowed all of the waste to  fall in the 
holding tank. There were twenty-eight there that weekend, almost all 
of them stayed two days. The tank was almost full when everyone left 
and we went down to check on Edward. He really looked bad, like really 
bad.

"Hi, ol Toilet," Ashley said cheerfully. "Shooee you stink! "I bet it 
is something you ate. Some people are just not diet conscious."

She walked by him and without warning whirled a half turn and planted 
her foot just above Edward's balls. Edward slumped and let out a big 
grunt as Ashley put her fist hard into his chest.

"I must keep in practice!" Ashley giggled. "A lady never knows when 
she will have to defend herself against some asshole. Right, asshole?"

I put my foot in his kidney just a sec after Ashley's hit to his chest.  
He cried out in pain. I came forward with my fist in a side blow to his 
back just below his right shoulder.

"Welll arn't you going to say, 'Hi', to a couple pretty ladies?"  I 
asked him. "My piss, shit, and the end of my period went into that 
tank, hurry and swallow all of it."

"Yes toilet, it is near time for my period to start. I want the same 
loving care you gave Cassie. I am the jealous type. When I am not mad 
or jealous, I am the sweet person that has been playing with you. You 
will not like me when I get really mad."

"Edward, I am going to unfasten your hands. Do as you are told. Reach 
up and turn the valve off at your holding tank."

Edward reached up slowly.

"Don't take all day, Edward, can't you do anything right. Give hin 
another kick, Ashley."
 
Just as Edward tried to say something, Ashley's foot landed on his 
chest. Edward rocked back with the force. Ashley may have cracked a 
rib. She really hit him hard. When her right foot came down she 
turned and put her left foot just an inch or two below his throat.  
He rocked back hard in pain.

"Does that help you move you worthless piece of shit, Toilet?"

Edward put his hand up to the valve and tighten it some more shutting 
off the drain of the waste to his mouth. It looked really, really bad.  
There were turds in there of all sizes and colors. Toilet paper some 
clots of it, some sheets of it, and some just little pieces. Murky 
fluid of the mixture of piss, menstrual flow, and liquified shit. I was 
going to enjoy hitting the compactor button and watching that stuff 
being forced in his mouth. Think of the look in his eyes and the 
resignation look on his face as he was being force to swallow that 
mess. I bet he wishes now he could go back to the opportunity to be 
my toilet, and my toilet only. Oh, well, "They say you never miss what 
you had until you lose it".
 
"Now Edward hit the buttons to clean yourself. You need a lot of 
cleaning."
"Ashley, do you think we will be able to stand to get close enough to 
him to play with him?"

"I don't know, but if he cheats me out of the menses flow enhancer, I 
am going to practice on him until I am to tired to workout. There will 
not be an unbruised spot on his pathetic body!"

After a lenghty hosing and washing of Edward I could not smell the stink.  
A lot of disinfectant went in Edward's mouth.

"Wash your mouth really good, Edward, that's it, now gargle that mouthful 
and swallow. Good boy, now do it again, we want a really clean mouth."

"Have you been swallowing some really foul tasting stuff? Poor baby. I 
know you have, my poor little Edward. I do hope you get better at serving 
us. You really must concentrate on our needs and pleasures.Try not to 
think of yourself at all, Edward. You exist only for our pleasure. Now 
you are going to be afforded the oportunity to suck a pretty blonde pussy. 
You are going to get to suck it a lot. Appreciate what you are 
getting the opportunity to do. You are really lucky. Edward, no man has 
ever sucked on me to help my menses. You will be the very first! You had 
best treat it like the honor it is."

Ashley put the equipment on Edward, fastened his hands and slid in the 
saddle.

"Ummm, this feels good. Well, Edward, lick. Ahhh, that is it, lick and 
suck on my pussy. Don't you dare stop unless I tell you to. I am not 
likely to tell you to either. It may take hours to start the flow. Just 
think, the longer it takes the longer you will get to suck on a beautiful 
blonde's pussy."

"Ashley I have to take a dump, I am going upstairs and add some dessert 
to Edwards meals."
 
"Hear that Eward, there will be some really nice piss and shit at the top 
of the tank if you hurry and get to it, otherwise it will be mixed in with 
all the rest."

I am so considerate of Edward, always thinking of nice things for him and 
to do to him. I could have taken a dump in a regular toilet, but then 
Edward would have missed out on eating my waste. I know how much he likes 
it, and it is soooo good for him! I went upstairs to the, "Edward Upstairs 
Facility".  Ashley told me of the events afterwards and I listened on the 
speaker.

"Edward," Ashley said. "You know that a blonde's pussy, natural blonde 
like me, is the best tasting pussy in the world. Well don't you?  Are 
you truly appreciating eating me out Edward?"
  
Ashley gave him a kick in the stomach. "Well Edward?"

"Uhmmmm your pussy is good." Edward moaned.

Ashley rode Edward and had multi orgasms. Edward swallowed a lot of cum.
  
"Ohhh, Edward, you have done it, my menses have started, ohhh that is 
wonderful, ohhh Edward."
  
Edward sucked as hard as he could with his lips over Ashley's. The flow 
was like he had experienced for Cassie. Ashley appeared more grateful 
maybe her periods were harder and hurt her more. It was surprising that 
Ashley would show appreciation for anything he done. She had always 
demanded and punished. Enjoying the punishment aspect to much.

"Ohhh Edward, I think I will buy you from Cassie. Would you like that?  
I would take you home with me and you would service only me. You would 
be my full and complete toilet. You would be my slave, I would even use 
you as my martial arts practice dummy.  Would you like that?  There 
would be no holding tank, no cauterizing rod, no multi women using you.  
Just me, Edward." 

"Oooh yes Goddess Ashley, please buy me and take me out of here."  
Edward begged.

Ashley could hardly keep from giggling as she hunched Edward's face.  
Ohhh wait until she told Cassie about this coversation. She would be 
furious. It might just be the end of Edward. Cassie was so beautiful 
when she was really angry. Her eyes appeared to shoot sparks and flames.  
It was best not to be the target of those sparks!!!

"That's enough for awhile Edward, you done a really really great job.  
I have no cramps at all. I have never had a period without cramps.I am 
glad you want me to purchase you so I will have you every month!  My 
very own menses slave."

Ashley went up stairs without bothering to remove the saddle from 
Edward's face.

About 30 minutes later both ladies came down. Cassie walked around 
facing Edward.  She just stood there. Edward looked at her. He had 
never seen her so mad. With out warning she kicked him hard in the 
balls. Her fist hit him with a fury. She continued to pound him as 
she circled him. No spot was left untouched. His screams and begging 
fell on deaf ears. She had not said a word except martial arts yells 
as she inflicted much hurt on him. Finally, out of breath she quit.

"Ashley hand me that riding crop."

The next thing Edward knew the crop was being delivered as hard as 
Cassie could bring it to his bruised body, she whipped, whipped, and 
whipped. His screams were ignored. Edward was bleeding all over He 
had passed out several time only to be awaken by Ashley holding 
smelling salts under his nose without Cassie missing a kick or a 
stroke in her meting of punishment. When she stopped Edward just 
hung there, beat, really beat. The saddle had protected his face but, 
all of Edward that was above ground level was badly bruised and 
bleeding profusly. Cassie said nothing, just walked back upstairs 
with Ashley following her and admiring her ass.

"Lets go shopping, Ashley," Cassie said. "I want Edward to hang 
awhile before I beat him again."

"How long are you going to do that, Cassie? "I don't think he will 
live through many beatings like that. He may not live through this 
one. I know I cracked a rib, you did more than that. I will be 
surprised if he has no lung punctures or kidney failure.  You were 
really mad!"

"Well, shouldn't I be! That creep was ready to leave me after all 
I have for him and just up and go with you. Just forsake me!  Ashley, 
I have been better to him then he ever deserved. I have let him see 
my bod in various stages of dress, he has got to eat my pussy many 
times, and this is the thanks I get! I know you were just leading him 
on and had no intention of taking him."
 
"Hey! He was accepting being bought and sold. That is sooooo cool!  
Ashley he is broken, literally now." She giggled.

"I won't beat him anymore until after your period is over. Then I am 
going to hook up the holding tank and start a really slow plunger 
action, set and watch all of that filth being forced down his throat.  
If he is still alive after that I am going to beat him some more and 
while he is passed out, we will transfer him to the septic tank. I 
have environmental suits and mask for us. I have a tractor so I can 
easily dig the ground and we can remove the top of the tank. We can 
fasten a chain to the top's handle and raise it off and lower Edward.  
I even have a place inside the septic tank to fasten Edwards chain so 
he will hang there until his bones fall apart. The drain from the 
house will hit him square in the face."

"Yep, you are angry alright." Ashley said.

"Maybe I should not have teased him and made you so mad at him, we 
could have prolonged his torture a lot longer. Think about it Cassie, 
I think if we lighten up on him, we can use him for a long time. You 
know really put the antibiotics and stuff in him. My dad is a doctor 
and I can get all that stuff I want. Please, Cassie, lets prolong his 
punishment and his usefullness to us.  He is really helpful to our 
periods, and he is a lot of fun to torture. We can go a lot lighter 
on his torture and still cause him a lot of pain.  Both of us like 
to see pain in his eyes. Let's not end our fun with him yet." 
Ashley said.

Hard to believe Ashley was pleading that whimps case!

"I may have already, I hurt him a lot, I think I injured him, we can 
not take him anywhere for medical attention, he either lives or he 
dies. But, ok, I won't do anything else to him. You know he will be 
worthless to us while he regains his health, hell we can't even use 
him for a toilet until he is well. You are asking a lot, Ashley, but 
I admit, making him suffer a lot longer is tempting. I could use his 
mouth sucking on my pussy next month. He should be well by then, if 
he is ever going to be. I guess if we are going to do that we will 
go back, untie his arms and lay him flat. Keep chains on an ankle 
though. We can never go down one at a time, although I see no way he 
could overpower us. He has to be weak."

We let Edward get kinda well. He thought we were freeing him. He was 
so up. You know, like really happy. I will always remember the look 
on his face when we fastened him in The Pit. He knew we were going 
to begin the torture and toilet use all over again. Priceless, like
totally awesome!

I do not see how anyone could live so long considering his diet and 
treatment. Near the end he sorta gave up. What I told him is probably 
what did it. The final straw so to speak.
  
We also came up with a new way to make sport of him. One of the devices 
Ashley came up with was electrical. She pushed wires in his testicles 
and penis. This device had switches so we could put current in varing 
amounts to either of his balls, to his dick, or all three at once. That 
was fun to watch. Ashley would put the current to his balls and his whole 
body would convulse. His penis would get hard and he would ejaculate.  
Then we let his penis get soft. While it was soft we put it in a metal 
case that was lined with very sharp little needles. Yeah, you get the 
message when his penis would get hard it would swell up and he would be 
stuck with a hundred needles. That was tremendous. Edward would scream 
with pain. Ashley would put the current to his balls, his dick would 
swell, and the prick would get pricked! We did that over and over to him.  
He would try his best to keep his dick from swelling, he couldn't. Edward 
couldn't control anything. His own wife and her girl friend were using 
him for a toilet and making sport of him constantly. The whimp had never 
been able to keep from crying, and begging me to let him go. One day I 
told him exactly where he was going, the sooner, the better. I could only 
take so much of his whining. What a wuss! What a loser!

Oh well, Goodby Edward!




                  Cassies Secret

                   Chapter Nine

You all probably think I am a horrible person, well,
I am not. I am very sweet, I have been told so many 
times. Know what?  Many of you reading this would be
with me if you could, you would take the chance that 
I would be better to you! Men are basically stupid!
My favorite song came out a long time ago entitled, "When
a Man Loves a Woman". Few people knew anything about
female domination then. The common word, "Femdom" had not
been coined. Edward made a lot of promises, even more
than Charlie has made. Edward had no plans to live up to
the things he told me. I made it very clear to Edward.
He knew what I expected of him. Yet all he thought of 
were his on needs and wants. He tried to fuck me, yes
after all of his promises about how he would use his
tongue for my pleasure. He caught me pretty intoxicated,
no, drunk. He tied me up, ME. I had explained to him
how I was to small. I had told him that I had tried when
I was in high school. I tried when I was in college.
Both times I was hurt and the act was not consummated.
I even went to a obgyn. She told me I could be made 
bigger, you know, operated on. She was contemplating
cutting my beautiful pussy.
  
"Like I am going to do that," I told her.  
"For what, just so a man could stick his penis in me!  
Unless a man wants to use his fingers and tongue, he 
can go to straight to hell!"

I left there and did not go back. I suspected that
before I went to her. She just confirmed it. Now
I could tell men, and tell them it was obgyn confirmed.
To some, well most, that made little difference.
That is why I am a black belt. I have kicked some
ass. A good solid kick in the balls and a man gives
you no more trouble. Even a couple guys who thought
they were macho left me alone after a swift kick. They
wouldn't tell anyone. Would you tell around that a 
little girl like me kicked your ass?

A few days later I met Ashley. She was kind, considerate,
really sweet. As we became better friends, she was
gentle. She assured me many. many times that I never
needed a man for anything, no woman did. Sex that is.
She needed one for a slave, for sport, etc.  Not sex!
So now you know why Ashley and I were so close.
I had never thought of myself as gay, I liked mine
and Ashley's play.  It filled a void.  Ok, I even
got turned on by Ashley. She was highly skilled.
I think she really loves me. I really loved her love-making,
no pain. I am now having doubts, serious doubts about
our lovemaking. Charlie is good. So very good, and totally 
dedicated to me, the way a man should be dedicated to a woman. 
If he is not, he just does not love her enough and is fit 
only for a slave ala "Shades of Edward".

I can not believe Charlie, I have been so wrong about him. I have 
treated him really mean because I thought he was like all the other 
creeps I have known. He is not. He has allowed me to do really nasty 
stuff to him while giving him nothing but more deprivation and yeah, 
depraved treatment. I feel like a, not very nice person, yet to 
Charlie I am a Goddess. I do not think I will ever give Charlie, 
"The Goddest Test". I know he would take it, I think he would pass 
it, but I do not want to do that to him, I am not even sure I could. 
I went through a lot of planning meeting Charlie, getting the job, 
all for a purpose that I can not now do. I do not want to do it. I 
know I love Charlie. I never thought I could love a man. I certainly 
did not fathom falling in love with Charlie. All the jerks, and only 
one real man. Charlie knows how a woman should be treated. I do not 
believe he was taught, it must come natural to him. He has done so 
many sweet things to show how loving and considerate he is of me.  
He did not throw a fuss when I had him sleeping all night with his 
face in my pussy and even in my ass. Lucky for him I did not need 
to fart, because if I had needed to I would have and giggled at him 
when he got choked. That is one thing I will not have to feel badly 
for. When he asked if I wanted him to be my pee toilet, he would 
have been. I could have fed him every drop of my morning pee and 
Charlie would have swallowed it all without a complaint.  Hey, he 
even knelt in front of me and stuck out his tongue into the stream 
of piss! He licked me afterwards and I had not even had a bath.  
I know I stunk! Charlie did not grimace. I know Charlie wants to 
fuck me something terrible. I do not know if I can take all of 
charlie. He is not as big as Edward. I know he would be gentle and 
a whole lot more understanding. I really believe Charlie would 
marry me in a heartbeat, knowing that his life would forever be 
like the last couple days. He like, totally worships me. I have 
never been worshiped like that. I have always thought I deserved 
to be worshiped. I know no one as pretty as me. I know no one as 
sexy as me. My figure and complection are second to none for those 
who like dark complectioned women with large B tits and an ass just 
a little larger than their top measurement.

My ass has a truly beautiful heart shape, my tits have a lift to them 
that gives them the curve up and out look. I love showing off my bod.  
I love sitting in a crowded room dressed in a short skirt crossing, 
uncrossing, and ocassionally spreading my legs just a little so 
the men and some women can see my panties. I never believed there was 
anything wrong with that. They only see my panties and it gives them 
such a thrill. I have been doing that since junior high. Even my male 
teachers would look at my panties while pretending not to. I have sent 
them behind their desk to hide their bulges many, many times. It always 
gave me a sense of power. I like to bend over and accidently show my 
butt clad panties. Standing up and bending over a man's desk in a low 
cut blouse with no bra is cool too. I have actually seen some men drool!  
I know I am a meanie. I know I like to torture men sometimes. It just 
comes on me. Maybe there is something wrong with me. Maybe I can not 
ever be a wife to Charlie all of the time in the natural sense. Maybe 
there will always be times when I am horny that I will want, no Need, 
to humiliate someone, yes, even Charlie. Maybe Charlie will have to 
accept that and lick me after I pee, and maybe once in a while just 
to prove he loves me, drink all of my pee. I know I will always want 
him to eat me through multi orgasms, he is so good at that. I know 
there will always be times when I want his nose, his face, and 
his tongue in my ass hole.  When his tongue made the trip the length 
of my ass crack then intered my asshole, I had an orgasm. There is 
something about having a man's tongue in my ass that turns me on.  
Maybe it is the sense of power. Edward was a hugh power trip the 
ultimist in power trips. I was going to do the same thing to Charlie, 
but I know now that I can not. I know I will need to do that again.  
I would like to see if I can prolong a mans life for say five years 
or more while using him as my toilet slave.  The thing is, Charlie 
would willingly be my full and complete toilet slave, I think. Such 
power I have over a man.  Many women could do things to a man if 
they knew it, and wanted to. It is difficult for me to accept that 
any, "Real woman", would not want to exert her power over a man and
put him to his limit and beyond.  

Back to Edward. He had my wrist in the same leather
straps that he was supposed to be in.  He had my legs
spread and fasten down.  The way we played in the 
beginning but he was the fastenee and I was the fastener
in our games.
Oh, I hate him!

Anyway, he was naked on top of me, trying to assure me
this was for my own good. He tried as long as his dick
could stand it. He hurt me, a whole lot. I cried,
really cried, no man ever has the right to make me cry
like that. I even begged and begged that ass hole to
turn me loose.  All during my pain, my cries, my begging
he kept "Cooing" that it would be alright.  Once he was
in, I would love it. He never got in, I hated it.  I 
promised ME, never again, and he would pay. He paid.
End of story!

Charlie was asleep. That is good because thinking of
the past like this has me upset, hey it has me mad!
I must stop those thoughts.  Charlie has been nothing
but sweet to me, really sweet.  when I was so quiet
I do not know if he knew that I was overcome with
emotion.  I was.  Never have I been treated like the
Goddess I am by a man, that did not try his best to
screw me.  Almost always immeadiately.  I suppose
since I am beautiful, have a tremendous figure, men
think of me as a, "Fuck toy". Do you think that ass
hold thought of me as a, "Fuck toy", when he was in 
the septic tank?

Since I was about fifteen, yeah fifteen, guys have
bumped into me, put their hands on my ass in check
out lines, I have even been pinched in crowds!  We
are not talking about accidents!  Is it any wonder
I was, maybe am, a man hater! Makes you wonder how
many really good looking ladies are lesbian because
of sexual desires, or because of this shit!
Ohh, I have to calm down.  I have some nerve pills
in my purse, I think I should take one.  I do not
want to be like this when Charlie awakens.  Look
I am thinking considerate things of him, just like
when I could have pissed in his mouth and did not.
Am I getting to soft?

Cassie got up, took her nerve pill. Charlie turned
over without waking. Cassie laid back down on the 
bed facing Charlie's back.
  
Uhmm, not a bad ass. Cassie thought. She cuddled up 
to him, put her arm over his side,and went to sleep.

Charlie awoke first. He felt two pointed tits in 
his back. Few things will make a man turnove quicker
than the feel of firm, upturned tits in the back.
Charlies turning did not awaken Cassie.  Charlie
looked at her and thought again how he was the
luckiest guy in the world.  The longer he looked
at her sleeping form the more beautiful she appeared.
Charlie's gaze took her all in, from her head, to her
tits, a quick downward look her pubic mound and back
up to her tits. Charlie then moved his eyes slowly 
down face to toes and back again.
  
She is a Goddess, I do not know what her, "Goddess 
Test", is, nor does it really matter. I will do 
anything to prove to Cassie I think she is a Godddess.
Any man in his right mind would. Hell I would be
her complete, everything swallowed toilet if that
is her test. Anyway waste from such a beauty could
never be to bad. I would just concentrate on the
knowledge that her food had been chewed by those
beautiful teeth and mixed with the saliva in
that gorgeous mouth. I realize that human shit is
mainly bacteria and dead cells. It is not much of what
she eats. Her digestive system takes care of that.
Her waste is just that, waste. Who cares. She is
a Goddess, and she is my Goddess. I vow to always
put her needs, wants, desires ahead of my own, no
matter what they are. Such is the way it should be 
between a man and his Goddess. I never did and never 
will deserve her. But I will strive to lavish her
with so much attention that she will learn to love me.  
I know she has secrets, I do not care what they are.  
The past does not matter, only now and my future with 
Cassie. Hell, I do not even care if she killed 
someone. What a silly thought! I know that her and 
Edward flew a light aircraft into a small storm. 
They wrecked in the ocean. She parachuted out and 
thought Edward did. His body was never found. Insurance
could not have been a factor. There was only a $100,000
policy on his life. The insurance company paid the claim
quickly, so Cassie told him shortly after she went to work
for him.

She is not just beautiful Charlie thought, she is intelligent
the best I ever had. In no time she was doing all of my
business books, records, and transactions. Cassie handled
about every thing in the office.
  
I do not mind selling the business. I have worked long hours
for a long time. She is right, it is best to retire while I 
am still young enough to enjoy many good quality years with 
my Goddess.

Cassie stired, "Oh hi Charlie, sweet dreams?" She asked in her
cooing sexy voice.
  
She raised up and kissed me, on the lips. The taste of her 
kiss was the sweetest thing I ever tasted. I have heard of 
candy kisses. Well any kiss, anywhere on Cassie is a 
"candy kiss". She climed on top of me. Her beautiful tits 
about to poke a hole in my chest. I swear I could feel her 
nipples growing against my skin. Cassie is so sexy, I 
thought. It has to be just a matter of time.

She started kissing me, pasionately, making little sounds
with her kisses. I returned her kisses with pleasure but
I knew instantly she knew far more about the art of
kissing than I ever hoped to. I always heard it was
not how you kissed, but who you kissed. I hoped the 
saying was correct for Cassie, it certainly was for me.
It seemed like a natural progression as my mouth went from
her lips to her neck, throat and to her tits. The nipples
were getting harder all of the time. I think Cassie must
stay aroused. I was really enjoying kissing her beautiful
body. We turned over with me on top. I enjoyed runing
the tip of my tongue in and around her belly button.  
Then I felt her hands on my head pushing down.  
Of course I knew where she wanted my mouth to go.
I was headed that way anyway. She just speeded it up a 
little. I linger at her bush just long enough to kiss it
and inhale. I liked the way her pubes tickled my nose.  
I could already feel the heat from her pussy. She was 
lifting her ass and pushing on my head.

"Charlie, I need your talented tongue already. Stop
playing and fuck me."
  
I put my mouth over her lips. She was wet. She held
my head tightly. I licked her slit all that I could with
limited movement. Her nails went to my neck. I pushed
back just enough to lick more of her.

"Charlie, you are playing again."  She giggled while
pulling more on my neck. I could feel the pain of her 
nails. She started making little circle movements with 
her ass.  My head was held tightly by her hands and those 
sharp nails. I was licking her clit, moving my tongue
around it. I felt her thighs tighten on my face.  When
she did this, I had a feeling that one day I would die
here. But what a way to go.
  
She squeezed really hard. "Fuck me, Charlie, Fuck me."

She released pressure and I took a deep breath and started
tongue fucking her the way she like so much.  My tongue
was indeed a dick to her. I looked up at her face, her
eyes were closed, her mouth partially open just enough
to see her teeth. Her lower lip pushed out, with that,
"Cassie in exotic sexual mode" look. I thrust in and
out with my tongue as far as I could reach. I strived
to keep my tongue movement in rythym to her gyrations
and ass lifts. It was not easy, she was also hurting
me. I was coming to accept when Cassie made violent
love, I felt pain. I do not know if this pain was more
or less than the first time on this bed. I was using
all of my concentration power to move my tongue in, out,
and around in attempt to maximize her sexual 
gratification. I found that the more I concentrated
on sheer pleasure for Cassie, the less I noticed the
pain. I do not know if she knew how much pain I
was enduring to give her the kind of sexual release
she wanted. She was building to an orgasmic climax.
I continued to concentrate on her pleasure. My tongue
was hurting from fatigue but I continued to give her
all the tongue I had. Her moans became louder, her
thrust harder intermixed with very hard squeezes of
my face. When she would squeeze I could not breathe
at all. Whe she would release, I would inhale and 
exhale as hard as I could because I knew another
leg grip on my face was coming. When she would 
squeeze my face so hard, I could hear her sucking
in air between her teeth. I could hear her even though
her thighs was blocking the most of the sound. I
knew she was delaying her orgasm as long as she
could. She really liked to do that. When she climaxed
she climaxed hard. I did not know how much longer
I could keep this up. Her face fucks were hard.  I
knew if I lost concentration of her pleasure I 
would disappoint her. I know how the male praying 
mantis must feel. Maybe I would sacrifice my life
someday for Cassie's pleasure. I wanted it to be
far into the future, however. At last my prayers
were answered and Cassie got over the top. As her
thighs and hands relaxed her body stopped moving.
She lay quietly except for her breathing. Her body 
was wet with perspiration. It glowed in the light.
I slowly licked and sucked on her pussy. I think
I am enjoying her cum more every time we make love.
It has a sweet taste. I am a, "Cassie Cum", addict.
I did not attempt to reach my dick. I made no
comment about it. It just was not important
compared to totally pleasing Cassie. Nothing
mattered except her pleasure.

I spoke first."That was great, Cassie. I love you."

"I love you too, Charlie. Each time with you is better 
than the last. I thought the last time was as good as it
could ever get. I know the difference. This time you 
dismissed everything and concentrated on my pleasure.  
That is what it takes to have a Goddess, Charlie. You can
not think of your pain, you certainly can not think about 
your own sexual wants. Just me, Charlie, just me. I love 
you for that. I know I hurt you. I know you are still hurting
from our tremendous fuck. I would be lying to you if I said 
it would ever be different. When we have finished making love, 
I like to have my ass kissed and licked, even more so if you 
did not do that during foreplay. Lick my ass, Charlie. That 
shows me you love me. It shows that you belong to me.  It 
shows you really enjoy our love making. It shows you continue 
to think of my pleasure instead of your own like most men.  
Those are the reasons I want you to kiss and lick my ass when 
we finish making love. Do you mind, Charlie?"

I was already planting light kisses on her lovely
ass cheeks, making little circles with my tongue.
There was not a pimple, not a blemish of any
kind anywhere on her ass. She was making little 
moaning sounds and whisper of encourgement as
my tongue slowly went the length of her ass 
crack. I brought my mouth back to her asshole.
I kissed it pasionately. Frenched it lightly.
then pushed my tongue in her ass a little. I
did not mind the taste as much as I did before.
Her little cries of, "Oh Charlie,  that is
soooo good. You are proving you love me." Was all I needed.
  
I licked her ass, thinking of how beautiful 
she was and how much she was getting off on it. 
How could I give much thought to my very tired
tongue. I tell my self that I will not ask to
stop, I will say nothing about my dick that is
so engorged, I will only continue to give Cassie
pleasure.
  
"Ohhh Charlie, that is enough, besides, I have to
pee."

I moved my tired mouth to her pussy. I think it 
was automatic.

"No, Charlie, you can not drink my pee all of the 
time no matter if you do want to."
  
I knew that also. Determind to be the greatest lover Cassie
could ever dream of, I said.
  
"May I carry you to the bathroom, cassie? I love the feel 
of your body on me as I give you rides."

Cassie slid off the bed and sat on me as before
with her beautiful legs on my shoulders sticking
straight out in front of my head.

"Giddy up, Charlie!" She said with a sweet giggle.
"Ohhh Charlie, you are so big! I have never seen anyone that big.  
Yeah, Charlie I hope you never tire of getting face fucked.  
"Your tongue is ideal size and almost ideal length. Would you have 
the skin under your tongue clipped for me, just so you could go a 
little deeper in my love canal?"

I did not know what was involved in that, or if there were any 
repercussions, but it sounded like a reasonable request.

"Yes, of course I will. That will be my honeymoon gift to you!"

I gave her a ride to the toilet. She dismounted and sat on the 
commode. I knelt in front of her. As I looked into her eyes, 
she mouthed, "Ilove You," with the worlds most beautiful lips.
When she started to pee, I could not help but stick my tongue 
in the yellow flow. I would get her piss on my tongue, bring 
my tongue back in my mouth, savor the flavor then stick my tongue
back out for more of Cassie's piss. When I brought my tongue back 
in my mouth the second time, she ceased to piss. She was waiting
on my tongue to come back out. I raised my eyes to try to see her 
face to look at her eyes as my tongue came back out for more 
Cassie Piss. I could not see her face. She started pissing again
and as soon as my tongue was wet I brought back in my mouth again.  
Again she stopped pissing. She had a lot of control. I do not
know how many trips my tongue made out and in. I did not swallow 
much of her piss but I sure had the taste in my mouth. When she 
finished, I licked her pussy of the last drops of her sweet flow. 
I felt no embarassment, I certainly felt no shame. I was doing 
this because I wanted to. I know Cassie deserves it. This way 
she knows she is special and shows how special I think she is.  
A man tells a woman she is special, she is beautiful, that he 
loves her, etc. But how many ways does he prove it? As I was 
licking her, I looked up at her. Her eyes were full of 
admiration and I hope love.

"You are a real find, Charlie, I love you so much. I really do."

She got off of the toilet.

"Stay just like that, Charlie," she giggled.

She mounted my shoulders with her facing my back. She tucked her 
toes in the sides of my back.
  
"I like rides like this too." She said.

I started moving forward with my mouth on  Cassie's pussy.
  
"I will guide you Charlie." She giggled. "Here give me your 
hands. You will get my guidance system very quickly". 

She giggled. She was right. When she wanted me to go to her 
left she would bite a finger on my right hand. If she wanted 
to go right, a finger on my left hand got bit.
  
"This is fun, Charlie, I like to ride, I like to bite. I love 
your mouth on my pussy. You are so much fun!"

Sometimes Cassie's bites were light,sometimes quite hard.  
I hoped she was not brusing me to badly. I don't even know
how many bruises I had already. Enough that a few more would 
make little difference. Cassie rode, always moving her ass so 
that my mouth was giving her pussy a massage. I kept licking 
her with my tired tongue. I hoped it would get stronger and 
have more endurance. I never wanted to disappoint Cassie.
  
After I stumbled several times, Cassie said.

"Charlie, I know you love my riding you like this, but you must 
be exausted. Let's stop for awhile."

See how considerate Cassie is becoming. I would have let her 
ride as long as she wanted or until I was unable to get up 
after a stumble. My only real concern was to be sure I cushioned
her fall so she would not get hurt. A couple times my face hit 
the carpet and her ass landed on my head. Both times she said.
 
"Opps sorry, did it hurt?"
  
More signs of how considerate she is. As beautiful as she is, 
I would never have dreamed she was so sweet.

"Charlie you are going to wear out my little pussy with that 
big ol tongue of yours."
  
I loved it when she said witty things like that and giggled 
afterwards. Cassie has a wonderful sense of humor.

"Charlie if you can keep your mouth away from my pussy 
long enough, we need baths! You are insatiable!  You may 
be to sexy for me!"

I looked at her and could tell she was not serious. I just 
do not know how much more of Cassie's love making my body 
can stand. Every muscle in my body aches, she of course is 
in fine form. I think she expect this everyday for the rest 
of my life. I have already agreed to sell the business so we 
can have more time together. I will really get in good
physical condition, a lot better than now, or she will 
literaly kill me with her love!

"Want a piggy back ride to the bathroom, gorgeous?"
I asked with a smile.

"Sure," she said with a beam.

I quickly dropped to all fours and Cassie jumped on my back 
like mounting a horse. I thought my back would break. I said 
not a word but started crawling forward as she bounced and 
giggled. I hurt, but do not want her to think I am a wuss,
or even worse, to old for her.




                 Cassie's Secret

                   Chapter Ten

When we got to the bathroom I bathed Cassie. I derived
immense pleasure from that. My dick got hard and Cassie
provided no relief. Neither would she permit me to 
relieve myself. She would giggle and say things like, 
"Charlie, you are not concentrating on ME enough! Just
think of ME!"

I can never say I did not know what I was letting
myself in for. Right from the start it has been, "More
pleasure for Cassie, Cassie's needs, wants, desires".
She is insatiatable. She wants attention all of the time.
Attention for her means work and/or pain for me. I
do not think I have ever been so tired. Cassie, is
vibrant, bouncy, full of good spirits, and wants
our, "love making", to go on all through the night.
I just want to rest.

"Get in Charlie." Cassie said as she sat up in the tub.
"I want you to bathe me just like you did before. I just love 
seeing your face in the bath while you use your talented 
tongue as a wash cloth on my pussy. My ass likes that attention too.
I know how much you enjoying doing these little things for me,
but I still like hearing you tell me so!"

I took a deep breath and buried my face in bath water and started 
licking her. I would lick, come up for air and to tell her how 
sweet she was, go back down and lick again.

"Charlie! Open your eyes! I can't believe you have them closed.  
How can you see what you are washing?" Lots of giggles.

I opened my eyes and was met instantly with a burning sensation.  
The bath water contained soap, bubble bath, and something else 
she poured in it for scent. I closed my eyes by reflex. Cassie 
was watching.

"Charlie, open your eyes, they will get used to it. I think.  
If they are still burning in a couple weeks you can do this 
with them closed. I don't see how you can get as much pleasure 
from it though. You do love seeing my beautiful bod don't you?  
Especially my pretty little pussy?"

I was trying to keep my eyes open and concentrate on licking 
Cassie plus hearing what she was saying. Having my ears full 
of water did not help with my hearing and my eyes were 
burning something fierce. I licked around and on her pussy 
for as short a while as I thought I could get away with and
moved my face to her hip. She obligingly turned so I could 
access her ass. I just wanted to lick for awhile and wash 
out my eyes. After licking a few minutes I kissed her ass, 
raised up and said.

"Cassie you are so beautiful, I love bathing you like this. When 
I run my tongue over and in your bod I get this hard on that I must 
do something about."

"Well, alright, Charlie. But dry me first."

I got a towel. Cassie stood up and stepped out of the tub. My eyes 
burned so badly and my vision was blured. I did my best to act 
enthused. While I was drying her she said.
  
"Charlie, maybe that bath water is not so good for your eyes.
Get back in the shower and wash it out."

"It does burn," I said as I climed back in the shower. Cassie 
stood there drying herself. She looked so beautiful I thought.  
I stood there staring at her as she bent over to dry her legs.  
She instantly looked at me.

"Charlie, what am I ever going to do with you! Wash your eyes."
  
I could tell by her smiles and her voice that she was pleased 
with me. It only took a few more moments of pain to please my 
Goddess. See how quickly she thought of me. Not only is she 
beautiful, she is really sweet. I showered and washed my eyes.  
They still burned. I looked in the mirror. They looked like 
road maps. I had some stuff for eye strain in my room. I got 
out of the bath and headed to my room. Cassie was laying on 
the bed, streched out, no clothes at all. She was watching 
for me to come out of the bathroom just to see what affect she
would have on me. I am intelligent. I stopped dead in my tracks 
and looked at her. I told her how beautiful she was, how 
desirable she was, and how I wanted to give her lots and lots 
of pleasure.

"What are you waiting for?" She asked in her sexiest voice, 
taking full advantage of her bedroom eyes.

"I need something out of my room, I will be right back."  
I said as I headed toward the divider door.

"Charlie! Stop teasing me. I know you can't wait to use 
your mouth and tongue to worship my bod."

She spread her legs a little more as she said this. Her 
face was radiant, her eyes sparkled. Mine hurt. I knew 
there would be no soothing eye drops for my eyes. I 
headed towards her outstretched hand and her pretty 
little pussy. Cassie was relaxed, she wanted to be 
"loved" not "fucked". I licked her pussy, played 
with her lips, kissed her thighs, even pulled her pubic 
hair with my lips. Cassie squealed and encourged me in 
many different ways. It was relaxed fun with no pain 
for me other than my eyes and they were not hurting 
much now.

Sunday we went driving. Cassie drove west around Lake 
Lotta Water, or something like that. We talked,laughted, 
enjoyed each other. I did not get hurt or worn out. When 
we came back at the end of the day, I was not even tired!
Being with her is a dream. I lose track of time. I am in 
a perpetual dream state. All I think about is how 
beautiful she is, how sexy she is, what her lips look 
like when she forms certain words, how her eyes sparkle 
when she smiles. I want to please her more all of the time.  
I want my life to be used in the pleasure of Cassie.
I have always known I was a little different. I have 
always been nice to females of all ages. The pretty ones 
totally captivated me. Cassie owns me, she knows it, I know it.
I never want it to change. I hope she feels the same way.  
She says she does. She acts like she does except sometimes
she sure hurts me a lot. It is always a byproduct of her 
fun and games. Like her teeth guidance system, or the open eyes
in the bath water. She just gets so carried away with her own 
pleasure and enjoyment that she becomes oblivious to everything 
else around her, including my discomfort. Maybe all really 
beautiful women are like that. She is the only Goddess I ever 
knew in any kind of relationship. She has told me a couple of 
times, when I would call her "Goddess", that I had not really
made her my Goddess yet. I know it is that, "Goddess test" 
thing that she won't give me yet, or even tell me what it is.

We got back to our room after a nice relaxing meal in that 
restaurand that turns. It makes a revolution about once per 
hour giving a view of the entire city while setting at a table. 
We appeared to be a normal couple tremendously in love. I was 
the center of Cassie's attention at all times, she was 
certainly the center of mine. There are no words to describe
how that makes me feel. Is it any wonder that when we are alone 
her pleasure is so important to me. As soon as we entered my 
room, I picked her up in my arms and headed to the bed with 
her laughter and screams of, "Put me down, Charlie. Charlie, 
you do not know your own strength!"

She kicked and giggled and said, "Take me to my room lover."
  
Her room is where we went. My dick was hard all of the time.  
Just looking at her made me hard, plus I had had very little 
release. She kept me in constant arousal. Cassie though,
had cum a ton, most of it went in my stomach!

I dropped her on the bed, kissed her lips. She pulled me 
down kissing me all the way down. I thought this is where 
I fuck Cassie I mean really fuck her. Wrong. We made out
for sometime with Cassie shedding her clothes and 
maneuvering my head to her pussy. She was so good at that.  
Even if I was not headed that way, she could get my mouth 
on her pussy so easy, effortlessly on her part. My mouth
just ended up there. I thought I was doing the maneuvering 
the first couple times. I now know Cassie was in complete 
control every time. My face was going exactly where she 
wanted it to, when she wanted it to.

"Charlie, we just can not fuck all night, no matter how 
much you want to. We have a very important meeting tomorrow,
so, NO pussy for you Charlie!"
  
Cassie would say something like that and giggle so that 
there was never a doubt about who was in control. I 
kissed and licked her pussy with her pretending like
she was trying to stop me. Both of us knew she was not.  
She was enjoying it ever bit as much as I was. I loved 
kissing, licking, and loving her pussy. I love her
intoxicating feminine aroma. I put my mouth over her 
pussy and pushed my tongue inside.

"No, Charlie, no way! I mean it, stop!"

She grabbed my hair and started pulling up. My head 
followed, my lips already had her cum on them and I was 
licking my lips.

"Is fucking me all you ever think about? Get up her by me, 
NO pussy for you tonight!"

She was giggling but a different kind of giggle, I sensed 
she was serious. Cassie did not want her pussy ate out tonight.
I missed the heat of her pussy on my face and the wonderful 
scent of her as I left that heavely spot I loved so much.

"Hold me, Charlie," she said in her dreamy voice. "Hold me 
closely."

We entwined in each others arms. I kissed every inch of 
her face one small spot at a time. Everything I did she
responded to. Cassie would be a tremendous lover if she
was not so afraid of being hurt. If I meet the assholes 
who hurt her I could kill them slowly and enjoy every minute
of their pain. I don't know how long we made out. But
sometimes during the petting session Cassie said, we have 
to sleep. Just like that she turned her back to me. I put
my face in her hair. I loved her hair, I loved the scent 
of it. Going to sleep was not going to be easy with this 
tremendous hard on. I ached for cassie. If she knew, she 
paid no attention to it. After sometime I too fell asleep.

The meeting on Monday went very well. We were out of there 
before noon. Charlie even arranged the meeting to sell the 
business. I am very happy with Charlie. He always wants 
to do something for me. Both of us know he is my slave.  
I am sweet and never mention it in public. I do not believe 
in that. I have seen men degraded by women in public. It is 
fine as long as there is no other relationship. Charlie and 
I have a relationship. He loves me, he worships me. He says 
he would do anything for me. He has told me several times 
that my pleasure is all that matters and then he does 
something to prove it. I am always doing stuff to Charlie 
to test his devotion. A simple test is not to let him have 
sexual release, :).  

I have done that to him a lot! I knew the bath water was 
burning his eyes, but the power trip was tremendous. There he
was, head between my legs, tonguing my pussy while his eyes 
burned like fire. And not even a complaint! Is that control
over your man, or what!

When Charlie comes to me, he never knows if I am going to 
be real sweet, or if I am going to fuck his face unmercifully 
putting him in considerable pain. I know he thinks I am 
giving him pain while not being fully aware of it, wrong.  
I know how much my lovemaking hurts. But hey, he is making
love to a real Goddess. I am worth every bit of his pain, 
and I know it. At the meeting the others kept looking at 
Charlie's hand and fingers. If one looked closely my teeth
marks were visable! They would look at the bites, then look 
at me. I would just smile and show them my pretty teeth. 
Then I would guess in my mind, just which of them would 
love to feel my teeth on their skin!

Although I was tastefully dressed, I am very skilled at 
showing my panties. I did that a few times. I wore plain 
cotton panties for this meeting. Those guys never had a 
chance. Charlie never knew what I was doing to them.  
He thinks he manipulated them by his skill. They were 
pussy whipped!  They thought the quick glimses they were 
getting were accidental. Men are so easy. My top was just 
that right length so that if I bent over a table, like to 
lay a copy in front of someone, by turning just right,
my breast would show to one person, almost to the nipple.  
A quick glance to their eyes showed the effect. There was 
one guy there not wearing a ring, he would be a prospect
if I were still looking!

Charlie took me out to eat at a fine restaurant. He had 
just spent all afternoon shopping with me, for me!  I 
quit counting at $7500. My car was full of new clothes 
and shoes. He has been so sweet! At the restaurant I 
noticed all the looks we were getting, I showed my 
panties a couple times. All the while I pretended not 
to notice anyone but Charlie. That turns him on so much.  
I can't wait until we get back to the room. I am going
to put him through his paces tonight. I am feeling really 
horny. We do not meet until Thursday to close on the 
business sale. Charlie's accountant and the buyers 
accountants are the same firm. They are a large national 
firm. Everything is a done deal. I am so glad. Charlie 
will be all mine to use and play with. He will make me
a very good slave. The kind every woman should have. 
The pretty ones that is! I love playing with him, hey I 
love using him. I do not want to scare him off. I must
get everything in my name. I know he is worth more
then I thought. I never seen the credit card he used
on the Vette. He is using the same one now. No
way could he have a credit limit like that. I must
go slow and easy with him. Use him, yes, play, yes
cause severe pain, not. Charlie has already played
with me until he was exausted. I will reach a new
limit with him tonight. I am going to test his
untied limits. I want to know just how much he
will endure just to please "His Goddess".  :)

I wonder what he would do if I went to the powder
room with his empty drink glass and brought it back 
to him full. I bet he would drink my piss right
at the table with his meal! I will do that, just not
tonight. :) I would want a much darker room. I would 
not want anyone else to be sure of the content.

"Why are you smiling, Cassie?" Charlie ask.

"I am just thinking how much I adore you. I really really do, 
Charlie. You have been so sweet to me. Not just all of the stuff 
you bought me, but really nice. I am already looking forward to 
tonight. I am really going to fuck you tonight, Charlie. I am so 
horny, I am ready to go get an early start. We have nothing to do 
but make love. Are you ready to make love, 'Cassie style." 
she asked with a smile.

I paid the bill via credit card, put a generous tip on it too. 
It was only money, I had a lot of it. I was impressing cassie.
She had always thought of me as being a bit stingy.

We left holding hands like two people very much in love,
which we were. I can tell by the way she looks at me,
and only me. I do not know what all night of, "Cassie
Love" will do to me, but I am ready. My only request
is that I do not fall short of her expectations. I have 
some sore spots but not bad considering what she has
put me through. The day off yesterday and today has
done wonders for me. I am ready for anything!




                      Cassie's Secret

                      Chapter Eleven

I could not take my eyes off of some part of Cassie all the
way back to the motel. I loved every part of her. There
was something special about her legs that demanded my
attention. All I could think of was, "I will soon have
my face between those thighs and feel her squeezes and
the heat of her pussy".  
I place my hand on her leg while looking at her face.
She stopped at a light, and bent towards me, our lips met.
I just went to heaven for the hundreth time since we
took this trip together. No man has the right to be
so happy. She punched it as the light turned green.
We squalled tires and put me back against the seat.

"Wow, I love it Charlie." 
 
She was braking already. I saw 80 on the speedometer.  
She looked like she was having sex!
  
We arrived at the motel parked the car and went straight
up to our rooms. As we entered her room she said.

"Hurry Charlie, I am ready for lots of fun! I know you are 
even more anxious then me! I hope you never tire of eating 
my pussy, you won't will you Charlie?"

"Never in a million years," I answered going into my room.

I took a shower, shaved, brushed teeth, put on only boxers 
and hurried back in to Cassie. She was laying on the bed, she 
had removed everything from the bed except the sheets.  She was 
breathtakingly beautiful. I stopped in the doorway just to stare 
at her. I stared for a couple minutes with her giving me various
smiles, various positions, just like I had a camera.  Maybe she 
should have been a nude model. She pushed out her lower lip in 
that sexy Cassie smile. She extended her arm and made motion 
movements with just her fingers. She spread her legs and with her 
other hand placed a pillow under her ass. She placed her fingers 
on her pussy.

"I started without you Charlie, I am already wet."
 
I went straight to her pussy. She started making little
noises as soon as my mouth touched her lips. I took
each lip in my mouth one at a time to lick and gently
suck on it.  Cassie had not taken a bath since we got
home. That mattered not. Maybe I liked it even more.
When Cassie has just bathed she has almost no feminine 
odor at all. I knew by tomorrow she would be smelling
like a fish hatchery as would my face. She had already
told me what kinda loving she wanted. My pain and her 
pleasure would be mixed on this bed tonight. I slowly
licked her pussy outside and inside. I spent a lot
of time licking her clit. She was building a little
all of the time. She could stretch out her orgasms
seemingly forever and quickly be ready for another.
Cassie lived for sex, her way.

"Fuck me, charlie, fuck me hard." She said as her
nails bit into my neck.  

She started her wild gyrations while holding on to my 
head with her hands, thighs, and nails. She twisted 
my neck to far several times. She never even noticed.  
All she was thinking about was her pleasure and wave 
after wave of cum she was making for me. I dismissed 
the pain the best I could and supplied Cassie
with lots of tongue. She loved my tongue. She
told me so over and over. I used my hands on her
nipples, tits, g spot, and fingered her pussy with 
only one finger. She was all moans, cries of pleasure, 
and sweet praises for me, while all of the time trying 
to tear my head from my body, or cut it off with those 
nails.

Cassie was about to reach another orgasm. I could
sense (hoped) it was her climax for a while. The 
pain in my neck was getting severe. She had my face
feeling like it had spent to long in a vice. I had
cum everywhere from my neck up.
  
"Ohhhh Charlie, MORE tongue, faster Charlie, deeper."

Cassie was encouraging me with words of praise
and her cries of pleasure. Finally she put a real
leg lock on my face, lifted her ass clear of the bed.
I bet the people next door heard her. I pushed my 
tongue in as far as it would go. Hey, my tongue was 
already gaining in endurance. When she loosened
her grip on my face and neck, she sighed and turned
to her side. I went to her ass, she had said before
how she enjoyed me licking her ass after sex. I put 
my nose against her little brown hole and inhaled.
She loved for me to do that. Then I kissed her ass
hole and started to lick in little circles pressing
harder with each circle until my tongue was in her ass.
  
"Ohhh wait Charlie." She raised up facing the foot 
of the bed, she sat back down with her asshole over
my mouth. She leaned foward. She had taken a make
up mirror off the night stand and was looking at me
through the mirror.

"I want to look into your eyes as you tongue out my ass, 
Charlie. I love you."

I started to say something but she quickly interupted.

"Don't talk Charlie, just lick my ass. You don't have to 
tell me how much you are enjoying it. I know how much you 
love your tongue inside of me. That is the closest we can 
be together. Ohhh Charlie, that feels so delish, you are 
full of love for me. You are worshiping me. You have so
much of my cum inside you. You are awesome!"
  
Cassie was all giggles, there was cum oozing out of her pussy.

"See what you are doing to me Charlie! You are giving my sweet 
little pussy pleasure by tonguing out my ass!" Cassie giggled.

"You know Charlie, it is just a matter of time before you are 
going to be doing that and I fart in your mouth! I won't mean 
to, it will just happen. You do know that! What will you do, 
Charlie?  What you do will go along ways in proving your love 
for me."
  
I started to answer.

"Uh Uh Don't talk yet. Just keep giving me pleasure."

Cassie was vocal in her lovemaking. She was getting
more so each time. She was telling me what she wanted,
and how she wanted it. I was trying hard to remember
all of it. If I was going to be the perfect lover to
Cassie, I had to do everything to please her. I was getting
even the little details down. She showed her gratitude
with her smiles, her moans, her cries of pleasure.
Cassie was perfect. I love her more and more. I want her 
pleasure to be everything. Seeing ecstasy on her face is its 
own reward. I could never want more then to be the man who 
gave her pleasures everyday for a lifetime. What a dream, 
and I was living it one day at a time. Sure there was pain 
and discomfort. Cassie was worth it. Even while I tongued 
her ass, she was playing with her pussy, cum was running 
down on my face. Her little moans said it all.

"Oh Charlie, I am going to fuck your nose."
  
She positioned her pussy over my nose, dug her nails in
me again and started hunching my face. I knew I could
not stick my tongue in her pussy until it had been
cleaned. I might cause her to have infection in
that beautiful pussy. That could not be. She was
hunching my nose, her cum was running all over my
face. I think my death will come from Cassie 
severing my head with those sharp nails. She had
an orgasm on my nose.

"Cassie, may I go brush my teeth and tongue so I can use it 
on your beautiful pussy?"

"That is sweet of you Charlie, you just want to eat me all of 
the time! I have a better way to clean your tongue."
  
She was doing this thing with her head movement 
and smiles. Sometimes her head was sideways when
she finished a sentence. She positioned her pussy
above my mouth. A drop of cum hit my lips before
I got my mouth opened. I opened wide. I knew
what cleaning she was refering to. I vowed to
swallow it all and never complain. She squirted
a little piss in my mouth. I swished it around
and swallowed opening my mouth for another drink.
We did the same thing again.  
"Ready for all of it now?" She asked so sweetly.

I placed a hand on the inside of her thigh to press
if I was about to be overflowed. I put my mouth
over her pussy.
"Here it comes!" She said with a giggle.

Her piss hit my mouth hard. I swallowed as fast
as I could with big gulps. I did this as long as 
I could. I had to press on her thigh. The flow
stopped instantly and I took swallows and breathed
again. I pressed again and the flow started again.
Cassie was so considerate. I felt so much love for
her. I drink her piss with enthusiam, even pleasure.
I knew I was pleasing my Goddess. Nothing was to
good for her. When she was finished I knew my tongue
would again be clean and I could put it up her love
canal. I licked the cum from the outside of her pussy
also licking my lips. I had a taste of the mixture 
of Cassie's piss and Cassie's cum in my mouth and on
my tongue. I could not help but savor the flavor as
she watched me with a very contented smile on her face.

"You are Mine, Charlie!" She said with her teeth bared.  
"I am going to use, use you, use you."

She was smiling all the time. I knew my Goddess was teasing.  
She loved to tease.
  
"Charlie, I think I like watching you drink my piss to much.
Also It is such a convenient way to clean your mouth and tongue 
after you have worshiped my ass. Are you sure you still want to 
marry me?  I am high maintenance in more ways than money Charlie.
When we have had this much fun, like today, I want to love you more.
I know my loving is tough on you, but Charlie, this is just me.  
I am not going to change. The more I love you, the more I will use
you. I can't help, it is just the way I am. I wish I could better 
explain how making love to you makes me feel. I feel like the queen 
of the whole world. The feelings I get when you are obviously in pain 
but do nothing to stop it, hey, you even encourage it, ohh Charlie it 
is just so cool! I am trying to tell you Charlie, I will use you up!
If you want to leave me I will understand. I know I will never change.  
I am me, I have always been, ME."
  
Cassie may have had tears in her eyes. I told you she was really sweet.  
She is a true Goddess, and she is mine.

"Cassie, my love, I know what I am letting myself in for. I worship you.
You are a Goddess. I will never expect you to change. The love I see in 
your eyes is worth all the pain. As for drinking your pee, I like it.
I especially like it when your cum is mixed with it. Gives it an exotic 
taste like the exotic shape of your eyes. You are using me because I want
to be used by you. It make me feel more worthy of you. No man could ever 
be worthy of you. You are light years ahead of all other women. So, use me 
Goddess Cassie, use me anyway you want. I wish to serve you, to please you, 
to give you pleasure, after pleasures. So please, no more tears.

I kissed away her tears. We held each other close. My Goddess is so sweet. 
I meant every word I said. There is none to compare. She will be my trophy
wife in public. I will be her very willing slave in private. Should our 
lifes ever change to all private and no public, I will relish in the 
dreams of today.

"Charlie I want more attention on my pussy. Put your mouth there. Make 
love to me Charlie, passionate love."

I knew she wanted to be tongue fucked again. Hard and fast. I would lose 
more skin on this session. She was horny before we started. She was about
to become more so. She laid back on the bed. As soon as my mouth touched 
her pussy I felt her nails on my back. I knew this session would end with
my skin rolled under her nails. She was just like that she said she never 
meant to hurt, I am not sure, but either way I will endure the pain and 
let my Goddess have fun making sport of me. I said once that she was like 
unto a narcotic. I find myself getting hooked on her more all the time. 
I think her converstaion about farting in my mouth was because she fully 
intended to. I already know I will swallow and inhale her farts no matter 
how awful they are. Furtermore I will tell her how much I like them. 
Cassie is a Goddess and does not deserve to be told her farts stink.  
She has told me how bad they are, I will tell her how good they are!  
I will make her love me more and more by my total devotion to her pleasure. 
I enjoy being used by her. The more she uses me, the more I look forward 
to serving her in all ways. She is so divinely beautiful, true perfection.  
No man could ask for more. I have found the way I want to live my life.  
I now know I want to be Cassie's slave. I hope she will continue  to love 
me in that capacity. I certainly could not stand her loving someone else.  
I am not wierd, she is just so beautiful. She is also so sweet and 
considerate. I will tell her of my true financial worth after we are
married. I trust my Goddess with my life, why not my money.

"Charlie, are your thoughts elsewhere?  Must I bite you to bring 
you back to the pleasures being afforded us? Give me your hand 
Charlie."

I put my hand up to her sublime mouth. I felt her breath slightly 
before she bit down on a couple fingers.

"Ouch, Cassie," I yelled.
  
"Ready to concentrate on pleasing me, Charlie?" She ask with a 
giggle, then she bit again, even harder. 

I wanted to cry out but stiffled it. After all, I did have a 
very pleasant task to perform. I started tonguing her pussy,  
She started to rake her nails up my back ending at my head.  
She would then cup her hands more sinking her nails in the base 
of my head and give some strong hunches on my face. She would 
do this for awhile then let her hands go back down to the base 
of my ass and start the slow movement up my back again. I know 
she was leaving pretty deep scratches. I could feel my back burn.  
I concentrated only on her pleasure, keeping my tongue in 
rythym to her gyrations. My back pain was just a byproduct of 
Cassie's love.  Something I must accept and try to ignore. The 
nearer she was to reaching her orgasm the harder she would bare 
down with her nails. By the time she reached her climax, she was 
taking skin. This hurt but I continued to concentrate on Cassie's 
climax, helping her, and providing her all the pleasure I could.  
When she finished and relaxed I just laid there gently sucking 
her pussy and swallowing her cum. After awhile Cassie spoke.  

"Charlie, I really made a mess out of your back. You won't be 
wearing a shirt for a day or two. I really scratched you! Kinda 
deep in a few places. How can you submit to all of the pain I 
inflict on you? I am really pleased you do, but how can you?  
Doesn't it hurt a lot?"

"Yes it hurts a lot. But how can I stop your lovemaking when 
you are obviously having so many pleasurable sensations. That 
would be uncaring by me, selfish too. I am going to please you 
and give you pleasure always Cassie, I swear."

Charlie was busy cleaning up and did not see the wicked smile 
on her face as she thought of all the fun she would have in the 
future. Just imagine a man who wanted her to have fun using him.  
Charlie was just to good to be true. I will not have to force 
him to please me the way I did Edward. He will live a lot longer 
too. Just maybe I can do all the things I enjoy doing to a man 
and Charlie will continue to love me, worship me, and endure 
pain and discomfort for me. Wow, how great that would be.  24-7 
pleasure. I think I feel a shit coming on.
 
"Charlie, lick my ass some more. Cassie said with one of her 
giggles. She said that like it was the ordinary thing for her 
lover to go immeadiately to her ass hole and start licking it. 
Cassie sat up on Charlie's face. Her weight pushed heavily on him.
  
"Open your mouth really, really wide Charlie." Cassie was still 
giggling.

Charlie opened his mouth as wide as he could. Cassie could feel 
his teeth on her ass. She thought about how much smoother and 
more comfortable Edwards mouth was to sit on. Cassie allowed 
Charlie to lick and tongue her. She gave a little smirk of a 
smile and cut a fart loose in Charlie's mouth. She tried to 
push down harder as she pulled the sheet over her waist. She 
knew what her farts were like, total stink!

"Oh Charlie, I did not mean to do that, I could not help it.  
Please inhale and hold it in. I hate the odor of my farts.  
They are simply awful!"

The scent hit Charlie like a stink bomb only worse. Maybe even 
worse than a road kill skunk. Charlie forced himself to inhale. 
It was truly awful. Charlie could not ever remember anything as 
bad. He exhaled and forced himself to take another deep breath.  
Charlie thought he was going to be sick.

"Are you still alive?" Cassie giggled. "If you can't stand the 
awful stink, I will move off your face."

Cassie lifted her ass up a little off his mouth.

"Cassie, your sweet little farts do not stink!  Nothing about 
anyone so beautiful could ever be unpleasant. Here let me lick 
your beautiful little rosebud again."

Charlie stuck his tongue up her ass just as she cut another one.

"Oh Charlie you should have not have done that I was trying to 
hold it in."
  
She giggled even as she said that. Charlie thought she did both 
on purpose. She is experimenting with me just to see what my 
limits are. I will show her. I will have no limits!

"Charlie, how can you stand that? No one has ever been able to 
breathe my farts before with out gagging. Charlie, you sure 
love me a lot! You make me feel so important! I bet no woman 
in the entire world has ever had a man to worship her and do 
so much for her pleasure as you have for me. I love you 
Charlie, I love you a lot."

"Cassie, I know you are testing my love for you. I know how 
much I love you. You will find it out too. Have me prove my 
love to you anyway you chose, as many times as you chose."

"Are you sure, Charlie. Don't say things you do not mean 
and not do them. I can not stand to be lied to. I get 
uncontrolable if I am lied to."

Charlie lovingly kissed her pucker hole.

"I will never lie to you, I will always strive to please you.  
I live for your pleasure."

"That is so sweet Charlie. You have already given me more 
willing pleasure than anyone ever has. I know I have faults 
Charlie. I am a narcissist. Both of us know that, so you are 
accepting you fate." Cassie giggled her sweet little giggle.
 
"Get up and go brush your teeth in your bathroom. I have to 
use mine."

Charlie obediently got up and went to his bathroom to brush 
his teeth. "No face washing Charlie except for your lips." 
Cassie called out. "Well maybe your nose too."  She giggled.

Charlie noticed how Cassie was getting more into doing things 
to him. She was becoming more relaxed around him and was 
thinking of him more as a person to give her pleasure. Charlie 
never thought anything about being "used". If one is doing 
something he truly enjoys, can he be "used"?  Charlie thought 
not. Charlie brushed his teeth and went back into Cassie's room.  
He caught a scent of the bathroom. He sure knew what she was 
doing in there.

"Charlie, do you really, really love me?" She called out from 
the bathroom.

"You know I do, Cassie." Charlie answered.
  
"Come in here." 

Charlie took a deep breath and opened the door. Cassie was 
sitting on the commode looking up at him with those large 
brown eyes.

"Honey, there is no toilet paper. I need your help."

Charlie turned to go back to his bathroom to get some.

"Charlie, you know what I want. I want you to prove how much 
you love me and use your tongue to clean my ass. Do you love 
me that much, Charlie?"

By then Charlie had to breathe. It was awful. Really, really 
bad. Charlie went down on his knees.

"Put your beautiful ass in my face, Cassie. My tongue will 
serve as your toilet paper.

"Ohh Charlie, you are so sweet. I love you. She said as she 
backed her ass up to Charlie's face.
  
Charlie stuck out his tongue and licked her crack a few times.  
He entered her asshole and brought his tongue back in his mouth.  
Her shit taste bitter, like bile. He continued to lick her ass 
out. All the time Cassie was telling him how sweet and wonderful 
it was of him to do so. There was nothing romantic about doing 
such a degrading act. He was merely living up to the promise he
made to himself that he would do what she wanted and strive to 
never disappoint her. Being loved by a Goddess was taking its 
toll on Charlie. Cassie pulled away.  

"Charlie, you can't lick my ass forever!" She giggled."Besides 
I want to see you do something for me that no one has ever done 
before. In fact, I have never knew anyone that I felt comfortable 
asking to do this. I love you so much, I think I could ask you 
anything."

"Do what Cassie?"

"You sure you want to know?"

"Yes, I want to be the first." Charlie said as Cassie really giggled.

"OK Charlie, remember you wanted to be the first to do this for me. 
Put your hand in the commode, get one of my turds and put it in your
mouth. Not eat it, just put in in your mouth. I want to see you with 
my turd sticking straight up out of your mouth past your nose. Well 
Charlie?"

Charlie looked at Cassie standing naked before him. Thought how 
beautiful she was. He reached in the commode and got the largest 
turd. He closed his hand around the slick slimy thing and brought 
it up out of the water. Cassie stepped back a step. Charlie instantly 
knew why. The scent hit him like a rock. Almost bowled him over.  
He hesitated a second, then opened his mouth wide and inserted her 
turd.  That took more will power than anything he had ever done in 
his life. He did not even feel degraded. He just continued to look 
at a laughing Cassie with her shit in his mouth that was bending 
down to rest on the tip of his nose. Cassie stopped laughing and 
just stood there not saying anything, just looking at Charlie.  
Charlie had a mouth full of shit, he couldn't say anything.
  
"Don't move, Charlie," she giggled, and walked away.
  
Charlie stayed on his knees with his head back and Cassie's shit 
in his mouth. He was holding his tongue and mouth as still as he 
could. Cassie came back in and took a picture of Charlie.

"This is for our scrapbook, I want to always know how much you 
love me. Well say something, Charlie!" She giggled.

Charlie tried to reply, this just disturbed the position of the 
turd and treated him with more bitter bile taste and that awful 
smell.

"It is not polite to talk with your mouthful. Perhaps you should 
swallow first!" Cassie giggled.

She is enjoying this way to much thought Charlie. He mumbled 
something else. Meantime the shit was starting to disolve in 
his mouth and he had a mouthful of saliva and shit.

"Charlie, you are not going to waste my shit like you did my 
sweet golden nectar, are you?"

Charlie used his tongue to crush her shit and swallowed. After 
a few swallows he had successfully eaten her turd. Why had he 
not choosen the smallest one? Her shit felt heavy in his 
stomach. Here Charlie take these, she offered him three pills 
with a glass of her piss. It was still warm. Charlie put the 
pills in his mouth and drank her piss right down. He knew then
that she had planned this from the time she pissed in the glass 
to have it ready for this ocassion.

"What was that?"  He asked her.

"Why honey that was my piss you love so much." She answered with 
a really sweet smile.

"I meant the pills."

"Oh just something to keep you from vomiting. Something to keep 
you from getting really sick. My shit is not good for you, you 
know. I know you think of me as a Goddess, but my shit is like 
anyone else's! So if you are going to eat it, you must take 
precautions. Still want to take the Goddess test, Charlie?"

"Yes, I do". Charlie answered, without asking what it was.

"Charlie, if you take it, and pass, we will love each other a 
lot more. If you fail, it will be the end our beautiful 
relationship, we may continue a relationship, but it will not 
be the one of beauty it now is. Do you really want to chance 
that. I can't bare the thought of losing you. That would really 
break my heart, Charlie. You are the only man I have ever really 
loved, whom I thought loved me for me, not just wanted to fuck 
me because I am beautiful. Or just wanted me for his personal 
show pony. I hate men like that. We are not even married yet."

"Please let me take the test. Our business closing is a few 
days away. Whatever it is I can be rested up by then. 

"You know that it will be demanding on you, don't you?"
  
"I assumed so, yes."

"Oh Charlie, what if you can't do it."

Cassie looked like she might cry.

"I can, and I will, I promise you." Charlie said with a firm 
conviction.

Charlie was feeling a really deep love for Cassie, She was so 
beautiful. He did not think of her as a show pony exactly, but 
he sure enjoyed being seen with her. He knew he would pass the 
test or die.




                    Cassie's Secret
                      
                     Chapter Twelve

"OK Charlie, the test started 30 minutes ago. There are some 
things you must know. I really do love you. During the next 
two days you are going to have plenty of reasons to doubt 
that. I can not be nice to you, I must be pretty awful. If
you forget this conversation, I can not remind you. You are 
going to be used, terribly used. If you forget what I have 
told you, you will think I hate you. See being a Goddess is 
demanding for me too. I am going to be a real bitch. No 
sweetness, Charlie, a real bitch. Yep, I will be your Bitch 
Goddess and you will be my complete slave. You will mean 
nothing to me. But Charlie, the bottom line is, I love you. 
I am renaming you, Toilet. Cool uh? Sooo-----Toilet, eat 
the rest of my shit out of the commode."

I looked in the commode, there were three large turds and 
several smaller ones. I knew I was going to need to see 
Cassie's gorgeous body again before I attempted to eat all 
of that. I looked back, Cassie was gone and the door was 
closed. I turned back to the commode. It looked awful, the 
scent was worse than the appearance. I put my hand in the 
cold water and wrapped my fingers around a turd. I brought 
it clear of the water and gagged. I hesitated. I wondered 
if I could just flush all of it and tell her I ate it.
Then I remembered what she said about lying. I brought her 
shit to my mouth. The stink was sickening. It seemed like 
I had lock jaw. I concentrated on Cassie's beauty and got 
my mouth to open. If you think opening your mouth is easy 
with stinking shit in your hand, try it! I knew the only 
way I could go through with this was just to do it. I
cramed it in my mouth, crushed it and swallowed. It was 
bitter and had a strong bile taste. As bad as the taste 
was, the scent was worse. The first time I had the presence
of Cassie's beautiful body. This time there was only me, a 
commode, and lots of shit. I put my hand back in the commode 
and brought out another turd and did the same thing. I got 
the third one and dispensed with it also. It hit my stomach 
like a ton of bricks. I gagged. I could feel myself getting 
sick. If it was this bad going down, think about how it would 
be coming back up. I looked in the commode there were several 
smaller turds. I gathered a handful and used my fingers to put 
her shit in my mouth just like using a chip in dip. I just kept
eating until the bowl was clean. I felt sick at my stomach. 
I know Cassie said I would not vomit. I still felt like I would.  
I wish I could. The door opened and Cassie reappeared.

"Well Toilet, enjoy your meal?" She said in a flippant voice 
and a toss of her beautiful hair. "It is so nice to have a 
personal toilet. I will not have to wipe anymore. That stuff is
disgusting. You will get use to it though. In a short while you
will not remember what it was like to be a man. You will think 
of yourself as a toilet for a Goddess. I think the transformation
is awesome. The fact that I can do it to you proves I am a real
Goddess."
  
"You stink, like really smell badly, must be something you ate."  
She laughted at her joke.
  
I did not laugh. Cassie looked different. She was still beautiful 
but in a hard way. Gone were the happy girlish features that made 
her appear so sweet. This Cassie did not appear sweet at all. Her 
manerisms fit her looks too. I then noticed, hey it is just the 
way she applied her make up. I told myself she was still the same 
sweet person. She quickly proved me wrong.
  
"Clean up, I want to ride you."

I used mouthwash, brushed my teeth, used mouthwash again. I could 
still taste and smell her shit. Maybe it was my imagination.

I left the bathroom and walked over to Cassie.

"Hey, Toilet Pony, you know the position."

I dropped to all fours, she quickly straddled me sitting down 
rather hard. She had no clothes on, I could feel the heat of 
her pussy on my back. My scratches were already burning. She
reached behind her and pinched my ass with her nails. 
 
"Getty up Toilet," she said with a wicked laugh. She rode me 
around awhile.

"I know what we must do, it is really cool, you will love it!  
Put your clothes on."

She got off me and I started getting dressed.

"I have to pee first, assume the position, Toilet."
  
Cassie's voice had changed. It was not sweet, it was demanding. 
Everything she said was an order. I told myself it was just an 
act as I sit on the floor and tilted my head back. She straddled 
my face with the same demeanor that she would approach a commode.  
I looked up she did not even look at me just started pissing as 
soon as my mouth covered her pussy. There was no loving here.  
She was using me and wanted me to know it.  Her air was one of 
superiority. I pressed on her leg so she would stop the flow and 
permit me to catch up on swallowing and take a breath.

"Hurry up Toilet, I can not tell that you are improving at all.  
I expect you to keep up!"

I pressed again and the flow came out with force. I was able to 
keep up but just barely. I was thankful I did not have to stop 
her again. I licked her as soon as she stopped. She raised up 
and looked me straight in the eyes. No sweet smile, no giggle, 
just something like she might look at gum on her shoe. She would 
have looked at the yellow color in the commode with more serenity.

I finished dressing. She was ready to go too. I started to say 
something, she stopped me.

"Toilets do not talk to me, I do not talk to toilets." She said 
in her best haughty voice.

We went to the car without talking. I opened the door for her,
she got in without even a glance at me. When we started to leave 
I put my hand on her leg as I have done before.

"No Toilet." She looked at me, daggers could have come from her 
eyes and I would not have been surprised.

"Don't ever touch me like that again, I am a Goddess, you are 
a toilet."
  
She stopped at a park, there were several people walking around, 
some setting on the park benches.

"One of the guys we met with Monday told me about this park. 
He said he comes here often. Maybe we will see him."

The way she said that made me wonder if I wanted to see him or 
not. It turned out, I did not. I walked around to open her 
door for her.

"Turn around ang get on your knees, toilet pony." She said 
with a sneer.

I was speechless.

"Now slave."
 
With a quick punch she hit me in the stomach with her fist.  
I never seen it coming. She hit hard knocking the breath out 
of me. 

"Toilet, you had best learn, when I give an order, you do it."

I turned around and got on my knees.

"Put your arms in the air." I obeyed instantly.

She grabbed my hands and mounted my shoulders.

"Getty up Toilet," she half giggled, half sneered.

I started carrying her on my shoulders. We drew a lot of 
attention. Some laughs, several remarks that I heard in 
passing. This was mostly due to Cassie's air as she rode me.  
She did not make it appear to be fun and games. She made it 
appear to be Mistress and slave. I also heard things like, 
"She could ride on my shoulders anytime". She ignored them.  
I heard someone say. "Would you look at that, I can't 
believe they allow stuff like that in this park."

Cassie would look at flowers, trees, small animals directing 
me to go wherever she wanted to look. She was using me just 
like one uses a horse. I could feel the heat from her pussy 
I knew she was aroused even though she appeared nonchalant. 
She rode me for quite a while.

"Turn left at the next walk, I see a hotdog stand."

Good, I thought, I could use a rest. I carried her to the stand.

"Two hot dogs, and do you have any hay for my pony?" 
She asked the vendor.

"No but if he gets tired, I volunteer to be your pony."

"I have a lot of volunteers for that job, so many that I can't 
get to you. So sorry," she said in a voice that said she was 
not sorry at all.

"Two Cokes too." She ordered.

She got off my shoulders and I paid the vendor. We ate our 
hotdogs in quiet.

"Help me up, Toilet," she said.

I hoped no one heard her. Seems that whether I am embarassed
is not one of her considerations.

"Over there." She pointed to the toilets.

She rode me over and dismounted. She went in.

"Well Toilet get yourself in here. You do not expect me to use 
a public toilet when I have my porta potty with me, do you?
Why do you think I allowed you to serve me. Goddesses do not
sit on public toilets. They use a wothhless man."

I looked around, seeing no one, I quickly ducked inside.

"Well," she said.

I got on the floor and unfastened her shorts, pulled them and 
her panties down. I wedged my head between her legs and put my 
mouth over her pussy. Instantly she started to pee. I swallowed 
her piss in big gulps. I could not keep up and had to breathe.  
I pushed on her leg.

"Really Toilet, I am not going to take much more of your 
interupting my piss. By now, with all of your training you should 
be drinking as fast as I am pissing! If you have any real interest 
in serving me, that is."

I heard the door open and a loud intake of air. The intake was 
not Cassie's.

"Well I never!"

I looked up just finishing off the remainder of Cassie's piss. 
The woman was about 45 and the worse for wear. She was the same 
person who earlier voiced a complaint about my serving Cassie 
as her pony I could hold my tongue no longer.

"I don't doubt it." I said.

Cassie burst out laughing. She was already giggling. The lady 
gave a, "haumpf", sound and entered a stall. I helped Cassie 
with her clothes. I Helped her on my shoulders and we departed 
with Cassie still rolling over laughing.

She rode me over the park, every once in a while she would giggle. 
She kept moving around on me, I could feel her heat. I think I was 
even feeling moisture in addition to perspiration. My sweat was
causing the scratches to burn too.

"I am ready to go to my room, slave." She told me in her superior 
tone.

I headed towards the car. I took her to her side and helped her
dismount. Yep, her shorts were wet in the crotch. She saw me look.

"Lick me," Toilet, she ordered.  

I looked around. I moved my face to her crotch. The door hid most 
of us in the area I wanted to be hidden. She quickly slid her shorts 
and panties down.

"Lick my pussy, Toilet, I am so wet."

I gave her pussy a couple good licks and put my mouth over her and 
sucked. I got a good amout of her cum. She moved back and pulled 
her clothes back up. I do not think anyone knew what just transpired.
I got in and we sped back to the motel. Cassie parked and I opened 
her door, droping to my knees.
  
"No, I won't embarass you at our motel slave."

I raised up then thought. Hey, she is my Goddess, who cares what 
the people here think.

"Please, my Goddess, allow me to carry you inside."

She looked at me, her expression softened for a few seconds.

"That is sweet Char--, I mean Toilet. Maybe you are fit to serve me."

She got on my shoulders and I carried her inside. She was giggling 
again. We made quite an entrance. Everyone in the lobby saw us.  
We entered the elevator with Cassie still on my shoulders and me 
bent double. I took her to her room, she jumped down and we went 
inside.

"Hurry Charlie, I want to fuck until dinner time."

I hurried, I was ready to eat pussy. I was tired from carrying 
her around but my tongue was to thick to talk. I took a quick 
shower, shaved and rushed back to Cassie. She was laying on the 
bed waiting for me. She waved to me, arm outstretched, bending 
only her fingers, then pointed to her pussy. My head obeyed.  
In seconds my tongue was obtaing pleasure from licking the worlds 
sweetest pussy. No matter what she did to me, I was never leaving 
this pussy. I was bring her cum into my mouth with every lick.  
I know the more I eat Cassie, the more I want to. I find myself 
eating her out, never thinking of anything except her pleasure.  
I concentrated on every tongue  movement, every lick, every move 
of my lips on hers. My hands and fingers are just instruments of 
pleasure for her. She allowed me to play for a little while then, 
once again, got serious with her face fucking. She raised up, 
holding on to my hands. My nose went in her ass just for a second 
before she turned around placing her knees on the muscle of both my 
arms. She begin to do some serious face fucking Whe she would come 
forward most of her weight was on my arm muscles. It hurt. It was 
all I could do to keep from crying out. I did not want to disturb 
her pleasure. Nor did I want her to think I could not handle it. 
I could tell by the expressions on her face that she was in a 
sexual world of her own. I just concentrated on giving her all the 
pleasure I could. Her first orgasm came pretty quick as she 
climaxed her nails went up my sides. She was a tiger when she was 
like this. I ignored the pain and kept on giving her pleasure. 
She relaxed a little and I started to lick her gently.

"Get on your knees and tilt your head way back. Yeah, like that."

She went on all fours and backed her ass hole over my nose.

"Lick my pussy, Toilet."

It is good that I have a long tongue. I could not breathe at all 
through my nose, her cum wasn't making mouth breathing easy either.  
I grabbed a hold of her and helped her as she started to move her 
ass on my nose and her pussy on my mouth.  I had never been in this 
position but I was trying to make it as pleasurable for Cassie as I 
could. I must have been doing a good job considering her moans of 
pleasure and her cum flow. She returned laying on her back. I quickly
put my mouth over her pussy. She closed her thighs on my face and 
squeezed. As she did this I could see her mouth with lower lip out, 
the corners of her mouth down turned a little. I could see more
bottom teeth than upper teeth. I must be losing my mind because I
thought how I would like to feel those teeth on my skin. More then 
once a thought has crossed my mind. Is she training me just for
her pleasure toy, just something to use. The scary part is the 
thought that follows, would I really mind if she were.

She fucked and fucked me. I do not know how one little lady can 
make so much cum, or fuck so long, and regenerate so quickly.
I wish I knew how many orgasms she had in my mouth.

"I got to pee." Was all she said.

I was already to drink her piss. She did not piss as hard in 
my mouth as she had earlier. I found that when she pissed like 
that I could keep up. She finished with out my having to stop her.
I was pleased with that.

"Get ready to take me to dinner, we will eat downstairs."

"May I bathe you Goddess," I asked.

"Yes you may."

I got on all fours to give her a ride to the bathroom. She slid 
off the bed on to my back British side saddle style. She hurried 
me along while I was bathing her. She said she was hungry.

When we were ready to go eat, she stood there looking at me.  
It dawned on me what she wanted. I bend over and she got on my 
shoulders. She rode me to the restaurant/lounge.

When we entered I heard several comments. Most were flattering 
to her, less so about me. The waiter took us to our table like 
he had seen this everyday. I seated Cassie and I started to sit.

"No slave, get under the table, I am going to use you for my 
foot rest."

I crawled under the table facing Cassie. She put her legs on my 
back. Her white pantied crotch was beautiful. The waiter took 
her order and came back with her wine.

"This is really delish wine, tell me how you like it later."  
She said to me, with a giggle.

Her food came and Cassie took her time about eating, shifting 
her legs on my back frequently. Someone was being seated at 
the table next to us.

"That is the couple I was telling you about in the bathroom 
at the park this afternoon. I swear she was using him for 
her toilet and he was enjoying it."

"I can understand that the man said."

By the ensuing conversation, I do not believe he said the 
politically correct thing.

Cassie finished her meal. I paid the bill and left a generous 
tip for the waiter. Cassie got on my shoulders and we exited 
amid whistles and catcalls from the patrons. When we got 
outside the lounge, Cassie said.

"Can you believe that was the same woman who saw us in the 
bathroom. That is so funny. Betcha we made her day! Toilet, 
get down I want a pony ride."

I got down on my hands and knees, right there in the lobby 
between the lounge and the motel. How much had I changed in 
so short a time. Has she changed me, or have I always been 
like this and did not realize it. Just waiting for the right 
lady to come into my life and take complete charge of it.
Cassie was in charge, I knew it. The test would pass, Cassie's 
control would be there forever. She straddled my back.

"Getty up. I want to ride you up the stairs."
  
The floor of the stairs was concrete with a thin plastic 
covering. It was hard and rough. As soon as my hands touched it 
I knew I was in for a painful trip. Before I got to our rooms
 my hands and knees were feeling raw. When we got to the top 
Cassie said.

"I want to go back down, I forgot to go to that little store 
down there."

Without a word I turned and started down the stairs with Cassie 
on my back. Riding me down the stairs she put her feet on my 
shoulders, her hands on my ass and leaned backwards. Each step 
was painful now. I did not complain but endured the pain for 
Cassie. When we got to the 1st floor Cassie got off.

"Wait for me here." She said and walked away. I watched the 
world's most fantastic ass until she was out of sight.

I waited and in a few minutes she returned with a small sack 
of things she had purchased. I was setting on the stairs looking 
at my poor skinned knees and hands.

"Charlie, that looks bad, lets take the elevator up."
  
I did not argue. A well dressed  Goddess and a man with holes in 
both knees of his pants got on the elevator and rode to the 4th 
floor.

"Hurry Toilet."  

Cassie said as I walked into my room. I got undressed, threw my 
pants in the trash and doctored my hands and knees. They were 
skinned pretty bad. I looked at my arms. There were large bruises 
where Cassie had her knees on me. My sides had nail marks all the 
way up. I turned to look at my back in the mirror, Yeah, more 
scratches. My neck was not that good. She was high maintenance all 
right. I must be out of my mind. She is inflicting all kinds of 
pain on me and I keep coming back for more. She has done things 
to me that I never even fantasized about in my wildest dreams.  
Medicine or no, her waste had to be harmful to my body. I do not 
know why I am not already sick. I have about 36 hours to go of 
this torture. Sometimes I think about giving up. I have drink 
enough of her piss to float a battleship, and swallowed enough 
of her cum to repopulate China. I went back to her room with 
the mental state that I was not giving up. I have dreamed of 
having a Goddess like Cassie, well not even that pretty. I never 
knew anyone could be that pretty! All of my life it has been my 
dream. So Whatever Cassie wants, Cassie can have, short of my 
life that is. Or was she taking that a little at a time.

"Hey, Toilet, are you not hungry and thirsty?  Get yourself 
in here. I have something for you."

She punctuated that with a wicked laugh. I don't think she 
has to be concerned with, "Being to good to me". I must be 
crazy.

"Hey, there you are!"  She said as I entered her room.

I have to use you Toilet. I tried to eat some foods that 
will intensify your gourmet eating pleasure. I even had 
some candied yams, they're not my favorite food, but they 
will help you realize exactly what you are being used for.  
Toilet get down, I have to pee. I am sooo glad I had not 
went potty for a couple days. I was concerned at first, 
but I guess it was my gardian angel looking over my 
shoulder and knowing I would have a really good toilet 
today. Well hurry Toilet! Sometimes I think you do not 
want to, like really be my toilet. You want your Godddess 
to have a human toilet don't you."
 
She puncuated thoes statements with a Wicked laugh.

I got down on my knees and Cassie stradled my face. She 
seemed to be enjoying this to much. I remember the tears 
when I entered into this test thing. There were no tears
now. They were replaced with, laughs, giggles, and even 
taunts. Everytime she humiliated me her pussy would warm 
up 20 degrees. She was getting off on it. Her pissing 
and my drinking was becoming automatic.

"Here Toilet, take this medicine, you will need it!"

She did not force the piss out and I was keeping up. I 
knew what the medicine was for. I do not know how she 
knew about it. In fact I never even thought about that 
until now.
 
"I am drinking a lot, just so you can have the pleasure 
of doing that more, arn't I sweet? I know how you love 
drinking from my pretty pussy. Well after I have used you, 
I am going to let you have a new pussy experience! Don't
you just love having your very own Goddess to worship?"

I licked her when she was finished.

"I have to take a dump too, you said you were hungry, 
welll, I hope so. I am going to give you your choice on 
how you want to eat it. I will go in the commode and you 
can eat it out, or I will shit directly into your mouth 
and on your face."

She ended with a very haughty, "How do you want it?"

"I want to see your gorgeous ass while I am doing this. 
I will take it directly in the mouth. Also you said you 
did not like to sit on public toilets. I agree, a Goddess 
should have her very on private toilet available at all times."

"Lay down on the bathroom floor."

I did as she commanded.

"Place your elbows on your chest and make a seat with your hands."

I did that and she sat. My hands and face was supporting her 
weight. She wrapped one of the shower towels around her waist. 
I knew what that was for. I well remembered the awful stench
before. She cut lose a fart, followed by another. Her body was 
moving with laughter. How could she be so amused when I was 
being so tortured? Words can not describe how badly her farts 
stunk. I had little time to fret over them because something 
far worse happened. I felt her turd push into my open mouth.  
My mouth was opened wide. I strained to open more, it still 
touched my lips as it entered my mouth. I began squishing it
with my tongue and swallowing. It was being forced out 
covering my nostrils. I could not breath. I breathed hard 
through my nose, all that did was take some of her shit up 
my nose. I was starting to panic. My mouth was full, my nose 
was full. She raised up.

"Hurry and swallow, Toilet, don't choke on my shit yet! I want
use of you for a while longer!"

I quickly swallowed and took a deep breath, a lot of methane, 
foul odor, but some oxygen too. A couple breaths and she sat 
back on my face and I got more to eat. I lost count of the 
amount I ate. Way before the end I was just eating as fast 
as I could hoping to breathe again. Cassie  was not being at 
all sympathetic.

"Lick me good, Toilet. You have let that stinky stuff get 
on my ass. When you finish with your tongue, wash me with 
soap and water too. I sure don't want that awful shit on me! 
Get yourself cleaned up, be sure and clean your mouth really, 
really good. It is going to spend a lot of time on my pussy, 
so it had better be clean."

She walked out and closed the door like she owned the world, 
leaving me in her filth. I just had to look in the mirror, 
I instantly wished I had not. I had her shit all over my face.  
Cassie is beautiful outside, inside is pure shit. I started 
to clean myself up. Before I was finished Cassie was calling 
to me.

"Charlie, I am getting the cramps from my period. You can 
stop them if you will."

"Of course, Cassie, I will do anything for you." I said as 
I walked into the room.

Cassie smiled her sweet smile.

"You are so good to me, no matter what I do to you, you 
always are ready to do something sweet for me. Put your 
mouth over my pussy and suck. Keep sucking until my flow 
starts really heavy."

I did not have to ask what she wanted me to do when I 
started receiving her discharge. She was thinking of my 
mouth as just a convenient place for her bodily waste.
I place my mouth over her and started sucking. She started 
putting pressure on her abdomen with her hands.  I sucked 
for a long time before I got clots, blood and slimy stuff 
in my mouth. It did not stink as badly as her shit, but 
tasted worse. I looked up at her, she had the sweetest smile.

"You are really good, Char-- ur, Toilet. The pain is gone 
already! I love you for that! Menses are so hard on me most 
of the time. I have had the cramps so bad that I would almost 
bend over. I am glad you want to serve me in this manner. I
will allow you to suck and swallow more when I need more
relief. Meantime, I will simply adore your tongue keeping
my pretty little pussy clean. Go to it Toilet!"




             Cassie's Secret 
                     
            Chapter Thirteen

I stayed with my head between her legs, licking. and kissing
her pussy. Once I got passed the inital shock of it all, it 
wasn't that bad.  I could not look at her pussy though.

"Toilet the cramps are coming back, suck more."

Inspite of all she has done to me, I felt instant need to 
relieve her cramps in any way I could.

"Lay here Goddess I will help you get relief."

I placed my mouth over her bloody pussy and started
sucking.  It only took a few sucks and I had a mouthful.  
I swallowed, knowing I was doing this for my Goddess.  I
continued to serve her, sucking, licking and swallowing. 
I felt a need to serve Cassie. I gently licked her pussy
until I noticed she was asleep. I listened to her 
breathing. I watched her beautiful body rise and fall. 
I thought how lucky I was to be a part of her life. A 
short time ago I was paying call girls a lot of money. 
I really did not know what I wanted. Neither did they. 
Cassie either knows what I needed or what she wanted. 
I am glad she was asleep. I could certainly use the rest 
and cut some time off the clock. When I ceased to lick
she stired and said.

"Ummmm, that felt good toilet. I think I can pee in your mouth 
to wash that awful stuff down. Would you like that, Toilet?"

"Yes Goddess," I answered. Yes Goddess was almost always the 
correct answer.

I looked up at her, she was so beautiful, her beauty
would almost take my breath away. I placed my mouth tightly 
on her pussy, took a deep breath and waited for the piss to 
come. Cassie was raised up a little and looking at me.
She smiled when she started pissing.

"I like watching you drink my pee, Char--, uh Toilet."  She giggled 
her sweet giggle. "You have given me a lot of relief, saved me
from pain, my period is hard on me.  My cramps can be so intense 
sometimes. This would have been a really bad month if not for you.  
Thanks."

Cassie was her old self, her eyes were full of love and admiration 
for me. Seeing her look like that made me swell up inside. I only 
felt love for her.

"Cassie, even after the test, I will do this for you every month 
for the rest of my life if it helps you that much."
  
"Don't say things like that. I can't be nice to you. If I 
am to nice the test will have to began all over again.  
Even if it only has a few minutes left to run. See how 
awful that would be? See how I am starting to think, I 
can't do that, I must concentrate on being mean to you.  
Do you want to blow the test and do this all over again?"

I did not answer. I could not help but think will she 
say the test has been botched and I must be her toilet 
slave for two more days? Will she say it ever time while 
continuing to use and abuse me. I think to begin over 
would be a gross lack of intelligence on my part. There 
are those who would think once is the lack of intelligence. 
Me, I think it is worth it. I am passed the 12 hour mark. 
I noticed Cassie was drinking a lot of liquid. I made no 
comment on it, what would I say?

Don't drink so much, that turns into piss! Not hardly.

"Charlie, I am going to fuck you all night. One thing 
I bought was some of these, She held the bottle out in 
her hand. Cassie was not going to sleep!

"My little pussy or your mouth, or both is going to be 
worn out in the next 36 hours. I am going to use and 
abuse you Toilet. I mean really use you! You ain't 
seen nuthin yet!"
  
Her eyes lit up when she said that. I put my mouth back 
to her pussy and started running my tongue in and around 
her pussy lips. She looked down at me and through gritted 
teeth she said.

"You are going to get enough of eating my pussy in the 
next 36 hours. I am going to cum all over you, piss all 
over you, and yeah, shit all over you, and there is 
nothing you can do about it except swallow. So what do you
think of that, Toilet?"

Even thought she was talking rough, I could see the slight 
formation of a smile, and she could not hide the sparkle 
in her eyes. I felt a lot better about the next 36 hours. 
It was going to be worth it. I answered her by closing my 
lips over one of hers and playfully pulling ever so slightly.
Once my mind got passed the period stuff, and I did not look 
to much at the blood, it wasn't that bad, if fact, when 
compared to Cassie's shit, it smelled good! The scent was 
strong, and yeah the taste was too, but it was necessary. 
I was determind not to let my beautiful Cassie cramp when 
all it took was a little discomfort for me. After all, she 
is a Goddess. I was enjoying licking on her pussy. She was 
just laying back and watching me.

"You are so good at that. I am really enjoying you. I am 
so amazed that, even while I am doing horrible stuff to 
you, you respond with a show of so much love. Know what, 
you are going to pass the test with ease. I just know you 
are. Oh well, back to being mean again!"

Cassie giggled, this was the sweet little giggle I loved 
so much. We were going to make it! God I was lucky! Cassie 
fucked my face all night. The only time I got away was for 
me to go to the bathroom. Everytime I thought my tongue 
and body could take no more I would look at her beauty and 
its affect was to much. I would force my tongue back to 
giving her the pleasures she sought and block out the pain 
I was enduring for her pleasure. I kept telling myself that 
Cassie is a Goddess. A Goddess has special needs and wants.
 
The 48 hours were going by very slowly. She went to sleep 
once and I got to sleep a little while before she awoke 
with lots of energy and wanting more pleasures. She took 
a small dump in my mouth once more and pissed a bunch. 
Sometimes she was sweet, sometimes she was a demon. Always 
she was demanding, always I was bent on her pleasure, 
whatever it was.  
"In for a penny, in for a pound," my dad always said.

But that is the same person who said.
"If it wasn't for that hole a woman has, there would be a 
bounty on them."




                Cassie's Secret
           
           Chapter 14 Cassie's Thoughts

Never would I have believe a man would do these things.
My experiences with them have been so bad. I have been
hurt even worse than my mom was hurt.  She always told me
how cruel, and bad men were. I learned that she told me 
the truth. I look down at Charlie and he is tenderly
cleaning my pussy with his tongue during my menses.
I have been especially mean to him, I have tortured him,
laughed at his pain, and even gloated him. I have treated
him like he was the lowest thing on earth. I had to.
Otherwise how could I ever be sure that he did not want
me to use. I could never be "used". Not by anyone.
Now I am not going all soft. Charlie will always be my 
slave. I have no doubts about that. After this test is
over, I will never take a dump in his mouth again. I am
not saying that I will not ask him to use his tongue 
for my toilet paper once in awhile just so he never
forgets that I am a Goddess and that he is my slave to
do with as I desire. I still can not believe he was able
to eat that, even if he wanted to. I can hardly stand the 
odor. I still remember my taking dumps in public 
bathrooms and have people open the door and make a quick
exit muttering to themselves. He ATE it. That was 
necessary because it set the stage for my use of him.
If he could/would do that, then getting him to relieve me
from my monthly cramps would be pretty easy. After I 
used Edward for that, and there was no more Edward, I 
knew I had to have that special attention. The "Test" 
was just something I made up. It was soo sweet of him to
volunteer to suck on me every month. If he had not 
volunteered, I would have got him to do it anyway. :) 
He is so special. Cassie's expanded her chest and her 
tits stood up when she thought about that. Her nipples 
even got hard and she wasn't touching them. He keeps me in
a constant state of arousal. I think he is insatiable
too. He always wants his mouth on my pussy, or to
be kissing my ass. I am going to train him to do
my hair and nails, shave my legs and do trim work 
around my pussy too. I know he will love doing
those things for me. He acts like he thinks he is not 
doing enough for me. I put on acts for him. Sometimes 
I think he sees through them and sometimes it looks 
like he has no clue, that, although I really
do love him, I am using him. I have known for a long
time that I am not like other women. It use to 
bother me when I thought about it, so I quit thinking
about it! I just do my thing, be me. I can not, nor
do I want to, be anyone else. I can feel my flow go
in his mouth, I watch him swallow. It makes me have 
so much pride in both of us. We are truly a match.
I dearly love using a man for a slave and for my
pleasure. Charlie wants and needs to be used. I am
sure it comes from his thinking he is not good enough
or unable to hold on to a really beautiful woman, but
a beautiful woman is the only kind he wants. So we 
have each other. I will cherish him, enjoy him, for 
many many years, I hope. I thought I might have to
have my pretty pussy cut but I do not think so now.
Charlie is satisfied with eating my pussy, pleasing 
me, seeing me happy. I doubt if he ever makes a big
deal about being unable to fuck me with his dick.

He has fallen asleep with his mouth on my pussy.
I already have him brainwashed so that when he hears
or refers to fucking, he thinks of his tongue and my
pussy. I would not ever want to lose that relationship.
The final minutes of the 48 hours are ticking away.
Maybe I will tell him that we blew it and will have
to start over again. :)  No, I won't, because what 
would I do if he refused. He may never believe it
was a joke in the first place and we would lose a
little bit, well a lot, of what we have. It will 
be better to let him know how happy I am that he 
was able to pass the test. I am truly happy too.
He will make me a terrific slave. He will wait on
me hand and foot. He will go down on me anytime I 
want him to. I am so lucky to have found Charlie.
Back when I worked for him, I never dreamed he 
would be so devoted to me. I thought he wanted a 
dominant woman in his life, sure. But not to this 
degree! Unless you are a woman who has problems 
with menstrual cramps every month, sometimes severe, 
you can not possibly imagine the benefit of a man's
mouth. It is the greatest! Besides the power trip is 
awesome too!

I looked at the clock, Charlie had completed the test.
"Charlie, Charlie, wake up."

Charlie heard her voice and started licking her pussy.

"Charlie, I don't think you will ever get enough of that!
Stop playing with my pussy. You are impossible."

I was playfully scolding him, making sure I giggled 
enough for him to know I was playing.

"Look at the clock, Charlie." You have passed!
Even when I awoke you, you started licking me!
I am so in love with you, Charlie. Go get cleaned
up and come back and hold me for awhile before we go eat."
  
Charlie had had nothing to eat except my waste during
the test period. (Pun not intended!)  After what he had
been eating, food may seem strange to him!

He came back. I could not stand his breath. It was
like a sewer.

"Charlie, I am sorry, I can't stand your breath. I do 
understand why and probably should have expected it.
I can not tolerate it. Do not be mad at me, but we have 
to dine separately."

Charlie said he understood and left to get something
to eat. When I though about what the waitress would
think when he ordered, my pussy started getting wet.
Darn I forgot to have Charlie put a pantie liner on
me. Well I would do it my self, get dressed and go 
eat. I had been eating by myself a lot lately since
I put Charlie on his special diet :)!  As soon as
I start to think about Charlie's subordination to
me, I get horny! I know I can not continue to do
as much to him as I have been, but I love it!  I 
wish I had his tongue in my pussy right now!
I love Charlie, I really do, but it turns me on
so, to think about using him. I am turned on even
more by doing it. The power trip is tremendous!
I don't think he noticed how much I was getting
off on using him as my toilet. I know he realizes
that there will always be pain associated with
my loving him. It is just part of having your
own Goddess. If Goddesses were easy, every man
would want one! It makes my pussy hot thinking
about being a Goddess to Charlie. Part is because
of the things he will do to please me, but most
is because of what I can do to him. That is the 
part I must keep a rein on or I will be using
him harshly, and quickly. Hey, I have a wicked
streak, maybe I am not perfect. No, that is false
I am perfect, what would a Goddess without a wicked
streak be, answer, not a true Goddess! So for
the rest of Charlies life, he will just have to
be ready to light my fires and, on ocassion,
get burned!

Author note:
This was the end of the original story.  I wrote another
one entitled, "An Alternative Life," I needed another
chapter here to tie them together.  So, there is a 
chapter fifteen. 




                       Cassie's Secret

                       Chapter Fifteen

                       Cassie Revisited

The sale of Charlie's business went through without a hitch. We 
were married. We had a quiet wedding. Ashley was my Maid of Honor.  
That took some talking and explaining. Ashley loves me. I knew that.
She reminded me. I told her we would have lots of fun together.  We
must not let Charlie know. He would not understand. He is a little
old fashioned. Not fuddy duddy, but not into threesomes either. Maybe
in time. I am sure a year ago he would never have believe he would be 
doing the things he is now doing with willfulness and pride!  He woke
me this morning with his mouth on my pussy. He was gently licking it.
I lay still for several minutes so he would not know I was awake. He
was performing with so much love. He was totally devoted to my pussy.
His tongue would move over and around each of my lips. The tip would
enter so slightly. It is so great to be loved that much. He does 
everything for me. He wants to do more. It is like he can not do 
enough for me. Finally I could lay still no longer. I was becoming 
so aroused. My Charlie does that to me.  

"Wait, Charlie, stop, I am awake!" I told him. It took a little push 
with my foot to convince him.

We put the stage, the incline, and the wedge on the bed. These are 
the most sexual enhancing items ever made. Charlie was on his knees, 
my pussy and ass were totally exposed to him. I was on my stomach 
totally comfortable. Like I could lay that way for a long time.  
Charlie draped his arms around me and began eating pussy in earnest.  
I had three orgasms before we quit.  Even then he sucked out all of 
my cum. He loves the taste. He adores my scent. He swears he is 
turned on by the smell of my farts. Like I am going to believe that!  
They are horrible! I can't stand them!  Yet, Charlie buries his nose 
in my ass and inhales.  Sometimes he comes up coughing and spluttering,
but he always puts his face back for more. 

I love the way he looks at me. I know I am a Goddess. I was not sure 
until Charlie. You would know it too if you seen him look at me. I know 
a lot of you thought Charlie would go the same route as Edward.  Like I 
am going to do that!

I love Charlie. I hated Edward. Edward raped me, well maybe not 
technically, since he never got his thing inside me. But he hurt me a
lot. Charlie would never hurt me. He would die before he would harm
one pretty little pube of mine. This whole love making session we 
went through, I did not hurt him once. He was so tender, so sweet, so
dedicated to my pleasure. He did not mentioned his thing one time.  I
probably should have jacked him off. I do that a lot. But this morning
I just felt lazy. I had taken from Charlie and was satiated. I just
did not want to put out the effort. I know that is selfish. I have 
always admitted to being selfish. Charlie knows that better than anyone, 
believe me! 

"Cassie, would you like for me to prepare your bath?" Charlie asked me.

I looked at him. He had my cum on his face. That is sooo cute. I 
gave him a special smile, one of his favorites. He likes all of them! 
With my head slightly tilted and one eyebrow raised I told him yes. 
When he got off the bed be bent over, took my foot and began licking and 
sucking on my toes. I let him do every toe on each foot. When he 
started on the bottom of my foot, I stopped him.

"That tickles! Slave, get on with my bath!" I told him still giggling, 
both from the tickle and from sheer pleasure. I gave him a little kick 
with my free foot to send him on his way.  He tried to grab it but I 
was to quick. I hit him with the other foot that he had just turned 
lose of. 
 
"Bath, slave, before I grind you under my feet!" 

He blew me a kiss as he went through the bathroom door. Charlie is 
not at all afraid of me. He was in the beginning you know. He 
thought I may just do him in with one of our lovemaking sessions.
He confessed to me that he had a fleeting thought that I would 
run him through test after test until he was used up by me and 
then I would throw him away like anything else I owned that was 
wore out. No more. He knows I love him. He still respects the 
power I have over him though. It is best he always does.

We moved in my house. Charlie likes some things about it, some he does 
not like. He has never seen the dungeon. You can not tell it is there 
unless you know it. I see no reason to tell him about it. I think I
will sell the place so Charlie and I can get one of our own. This one 
has to many memories. There is a cousin of a friend who may be 
interested.  She is young, just started to college but she has met this
older guy, sound familiar?  He loves to please her. She told Ashley
she wanted this house. She and Ashley are cousins. Ashley said 
Amanda was more like me than like her. She said Amanda is dark and 
with a ton of dark secrets. Ashley is coming for a visit. She is
not comfortable with Charlie. I have already made it very clear that
Charlie is not and will never be a replacement for Edward. I hated
Edward, I love Charlie.

Charlie just called to me. My bath is ready. He does everything for 
me. It will be the temp. I like. It will have the oils I like. It
will have the Charlie I like, standing by ready to bathe me. I will
lay down and soak gracefully while Charlie attends to my every need.

Charlie helped me in the tub, not that I needed the help. I do not
need a door opened for me either but he has never failed to open one.

"You are sweet Charlie, I may not should introduce you to any of my 
friends. I may not let you talk to Ashley. I know you think she is 
beautiful. I have noticed the way you look at her! I know she is a 
gorgeous blonde.  A little thing with a knock out bod. Don't get any 
ideas, I am very jealous!"

Charlie knew I was teasing, I am the most secure woman alive. Charlie
worships me. He would not have an affair and cheat on me to save his 
life. Ashley will try though just to tell me Charlie was unfaithful.
She will strike out. No contest! When Charlie was through bathing 
me he assisted me. You know, hair, nails, he even gave me a pedicure.
Ashley was coming and I wanted to look really good. I also wanted
to tell her my Charlie did this, and this, you know. Girl talk!

I heard Ashley's voice on the speaker. She did that to let me know 
she was arriving. She has the security codes. She still smiles 
when she flushes! I went down to welcome her while Charlie was 
getting ready. Charlie was going to prepare our breakfast and 
serve us too. I know what you are thinking, Charlie is not my 
complete slave in that sense of the word.  He may as well be I
guess. He does everything for me. I never thought he would be
like this when I worked for him. I knew he had tendencies, but 
not to this degree. The difference is I do not order Charlie, 
hell, I never have to! Sometimes I ask him to do little things 
for me. When I do, they get attended to quickly. If he is doing
something he wants to do but there I something different I want to
do, guess which one we always do. I do not make him. He just does.
He loves ME! He wants me to be happy! Charlie is the way all men 
should be.

I greeted Ashley at the door, my god she was hot. I have not seen
her in a few months, she gets hotter all the time. I bet Charlie 
looks at her, that is for sure. We kissed a long passionate kiss.
Ashley has missed me a bunch. I have missed her too but not in the
same way. I have told her that. She will be in my life as long as
she understands. I want to get it on with her. I remember how her
pretty blonde pussy taste.  We will have to send Charlie to town for 
something while us girls visit!

Charlie came down stairs. I watched him. He froze when he seen
Ashley. She has that affect on men. The contrast between us 
intensified Charlie's reaction. If you have have ever had a dark 
plaything exclusively, even going steady, and you seen a striking
blonde. You know what I am talking about. Ashley is beyond striking.
I do not know a prettier blonde. I am prettier, of course, but I 
am not a blonde. Ashley noted his reaction with pleasure and a quick 
smirk to me. Charlie did not know what the smirk was about but
I did. I am not as sure as I was! I would kill him, yeah, if he
got in on with Ashley, he would take Edwards place. I could feel
my anger. Charlie looked at me. Darn, he could see it too. I did
not want him to know I was ever jealous of him. Never let a man
know that, it gives them more power than you can imagine. Yeah, I
lost a little power right then, but I will gain it back. The first 
time he flirts with Ashley, I will gain it back in spades!

Ashley spoke first, Charlie had not recovered sufficently to talk
coherently yet. "Charlie, Cassie has been bragging about you for
months! I am so glad to meet you again. She has already told me you 
are fixing our breakfast. That is so sweet!"

As she spoke she approached him. Charlie put out his hand, She
walked right by it and gave him an affectionate hug. I saw her
whisper something in his ear and giggle. Charlie blushed.

"Hi Ashley", he finally spoke, not to good though! Cassie has
told me you are her best friend. She told me once you could
be trusted with anything. A friend like that is a friend 
indeed."

My Charlie came through. I was beaming. Ashley looked at me,
tilted her head slightly and raised her eyebrows. She knew
Charlie would not be an easy conquest for her. Ashley does
not date men. She plays with them though. She says she hates
them. I have never really believed that. I think she was hurt
and don't trust them anymore. If she was really 100 % lesbian, I 
don't think she could do that to men. That would require one 
hell of an acting job, but then I see actors and actresses play
love scenes who are far from straight. She says she teases them
until they are out of their mind with lust, then takes them to a 
motel, ties them up and does horrible unmentionable things to them.

Charlie served us breakfast while we lounged by the pool. It
was so nice there especially being served. Charlie always does
this for me. What's not to love! Charlie was eating with us 
but still totally attentive. He got up because I wanted more
coffee. He asked Ashley if she did. She said no. Charlie 
brought me mine. He sat down took a couple bites, then Ashley 
wanted more coffee. Of course she gave him a sexy come on 
smile. Charlie got her more coffee. He showed no signs of,
"The why did you not take it when I was up," sort of thing.
I would like to take all the credit for training Charlie, I 
have not though. I have just helped him to realize his true 
desires in life. Charlie is extremely happy all of the time.
He always wanted a Goddess to serve and now he has one!

I still have never given Charlie his deserved punishment. I
do not remember what is was for! I know I was going to 
punish him severly so he deserved it. I just receive zero
pleasure from punishing Charlie. How can you punish someone
who lives for your pleasure 24/7?

I finished my breakfast. When Charlie finished his he took
dishes to the kitchen and started the diswasher. He returned,
sat down to the side of me, lifted my leg and started 
massaging my foot. I looked at Ashley, she was green with 
envy. I bet my ass she would love having a man like my Charlie.
I used to think they were non existent. I now believe there
are a lot of them. Separating them from the kooks could be
time consuming though. Just the luck of the draw. Remember 
Edward?  Ashley said she did when she flushed. It always
gives her a tingling plumb down to her toes.

I am going to sell this place. Ashley's cousin is coming to 
look at it. They will be here tomorrow.  Ashley said her 
cousin Amanda wanted it badly and she had a sugar daddy she 
was going to marry to get him to buy her this house. Charlie
and I have discussed selling it. Both of us want to be nearer 
civilization. My thoughs have been changed so much by Charlie.
I just knew a parade of older guys would follow Edward. Charlie
changed all of that. We have talked of Tahiti. It is a romatic
place for a romantic couple. We can live our lives quitely.
I love the beach. My Charlie will have so much fun bringing me
drinks while I lay on the beach. He will stay hard as he puts
lotion all over my gorgeous bod. On occasion he will serve as 
my pee toilet when I just do not want to leave the beach to 
walk in the house. There will also be times when I will allow 
him to serve as my little pony and carry me on the sand. It 
will be better for his knees than these rocks are! I have 
talked him into buying a ricksha when we move there.
Well ---- I did not talk him in to it. I mentioned it and he 
loved the idea. He said he looked forward to pulling me around 
in one of those things. I like the idea too. It will be so 
cool to watch my man trot down the street perspiring profusely 
for me while I sip a drink in the shade of the ricksha. I told 
him I was getting a little whip, more for show than go. I want 
an oriental one with a ornate handle. I want it to be visable
in its place by my side. Not that I am going to use it on him.  
I do not want to hurt my Charlie!

I decided Charlie should go to town and get some stuff so we 
could have treats for the buyers of my house. They haven't 
said they would buy but, Ashley said they would. The dungeon 
is unlike all in the world. If being pleased by unwilling men 
is your forte, this is the ultimist. Charlie kissed me and left.
Ashley and I were alone.

Ashley wasted no time coming on to me. She walked over very
seductively. We kissed a long slow tongue on tongue kiss for an 
introduction of foreplay to follow. We kissed and slowly began to
undress each other. Charlie would be gone for more than two hours.
We moved into a sixty-nine position. Each of us wanted to hook up.
I was disappointed, eating Ashley was not nearly the turn on it 
used to be. She was not as good at eating me as my Charlie was.
My thoughts kept returning to Charlie. Ashley sensed I was not 
really into it.

"Cassie, don't pretend with me. You are not enjoying this as 
much as you used to. You are disappointing me. I like what you 
did and are doing to my pussy but I know our lovemaking is not the 
same to you."

"Sorry Ashley, I tried to hide it from you. No, it is not the same.
Well at least it is not another woman! I want you to be my best 
friend, you are my best friend. I just love Charlie. Hey, I never
thought it would happen to me but it did. I miss him already."

"I am sorry to. It will not be easy for me but I will try. Having
you as a friend is better than not having you at all."

It takes a special friend to feel that way. I wish I could find a 
man like my Charlie for Ashley. She will not find one for herself.
She is to impatient. The first mistake they make it is, off with 
their heads!  Not literally, but they would be beter off if she did!

We bathed, we even washed each other like the days of old. We had 
just gotten dressed when Charlie came back. Right after lunch 
Amanda and Larry arrived. There is more difference in their ages 
than in mine and Charlie's. They do not love each other as much 
either. I can tell those things. He never even saw all the house.
He did not come to the basement at all. I would not be surprised 
for him to see more of it than he wants to see. Amanda had a real
interest in the potty capabilities. She even made a remark about
a good man makes a better toilet. Oh, well, If I get my 2.2 mill.
I will not be concerned.

He gave me my ten percent. We got things rolling for them. Larry
and I made plans to move out immeadiately. We told them they could
move in when they got married even if the closing was not ready.
Larry and I were going to Tahiti to look around. We had some drinks 
and they left. We sold them the place as it stood with everything
in the house but a few personal things. Are you wondering about
Edward.  His bones went through a grinder before Charlie and I moved 
in.  He is still there but no danger of ever being found. I hated 
to lose his face at the waste entrance of the tank. But I still have 
the satisfaction he is there or has moved out through the field lines 
and was making my lawn grow! yeah, I still hated him.

I never told Ashley that Edward was no longer there to get a skull
full with every flush.  What would be the point. It would serve 
only to diminish her pleasure when she flushed.










&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Cassie's Secret



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter Sixteen 

&nbsp; 



I can not believe Charlie, I have been so wrong about him. I have 

treated him really mean because I thought he was like all the other 

creeps I have known. He is not. He has allowed me to do really nasty 

stuff to him while giving him nothing but more deprivation and yeah, 

depraved treatment. I sometimes feel like a, not very nice person, yet to 

Charlie I am a Goddess. I do not think I will ever give Charlie, 

"The Goddest Test", again. I know he would take it, I think he would pass 

it over and over. But I do not want to do that to him, I am not even 

sure I could. 



I went through a lot of planning, meeting Charlie, getting the job, 

all for a purpose that I can not now do. I do not want to do it. I 

know I love Charlie. I never thought I could love a man. I certainly 

did not fathom falling in love with Charlie. All the jerks, and only 

one real man. Charlie knows how a woman should be treated. I do not 

believe he was taught, it must come natural to him. He has done so 

many sweet things to show how loving and considerate he is of me.&nbsp; 

He did not throw a fuss when I had him sleeping all night with his 

face in my pussy and even in my ass. Lucky for him I did not need 

to fart, because if I had needed to I would have and giggled at him 

when he got choked. Beleive me, I have done that a lot of times to 

him! When he asked if I wanted him to be my pee toilet, he would 

have been. I could have fed him every drop of my morning pee and 

Charlie would have swallowed it all without a complaint.&nbsp; Hey, he 

even knelt in front of me and stuck out his tongue into the stream 

of piss! He licked me afterwards and I had not even had a bath.&nbsp; 

I know I stunk! Charlie did not grimace. I know Charlie wants to 

fuck me something terrible. I do not know if I can take all of 

Charlie. He is not as big as Edward. I know he would be gentle and 

a whole lot more understanding. I really believe Charlie would 

be my toilet, full, complete and for the rest of his life if I asked 

him to. He like, totally worships me. I have never been worshiped 

like that. I have always thought I deserved to be worshiped. I know 

no one as pretty as me. I know no one as sexy as me. My figure and 

complection are second to none for those who like dark complexioned 

women with large B tits and an ass just a little larger than their 

top measurement.



My ass has a truly beautiful heart shape, my tits have a lift to them 

that gives them the curve up and out look. I love showing off my bod.&nbsp; 

I love sitting in a crowded room dressed in a short skirt crossing, 

uncrossing, and ocassionally spreading my legs just a little so 

the men and some women can see my panties. I never believed there was 

anything wrong with that. They only see my panties and it gives them 

such a thrill. I have been doing that since junior high. Even my male 

teachers would look at my panties while pretending not to. I have sent 

them behind their desk to hide their bulges many, many times. It always 

gave me a sense of power. I like to bend over and accidently show my 

butt clad panties. Standing up and bending over a man's desk in a low 

cut blouse with no bra is cool too. I have actually seen some men drool!&nbsp; 

I know I am a meanie. I know I like to torture men sometimes. It just 

comes on me. Maybe there is something wrong with me. Maybe I can not 

ever be a wife to Charlie all of the time in the natural sense. Maybe 

there will always be times when I am horny that I will want, no Need, 

to humiliate someone, yes, even Charlie. Maybe Charlie will have to 

accept that and lick me after I pee, and maybe once in a while just 

to prove he loves me, drink all of my pee. I know I will always want 

him to eat me through multi orgasms, he is so good at that. I know 

there will always be times when I want his nose, his face, and 

his tongue in my ass hole.&nbsp; When his tongue made the trip the length 

of my ass crack then intered my asshole, I had an orgasm. There is 

something about having a man's tongue in my ass that turns me on.&nbsp; 

Maybe it is the sense of power. Edward was a hugh power trip the 

ultimist in power trips. I was going to do the same thing to Charlie, 

but I know now that I can not. I know I will need to do that again.&nbsp; 

I would like to see if I can prolong a mans life for say five years 

or more while using him as my toilet slave.&nbsp; The thing is, Charlie 

would willingly be my full and complete toilet slave, I think. Such 

power I have over a man.&nbsp; Many women could do things to a man if 

they knew it, and wanted to. It is difficult for me to accept that 

any, "Real woman", would not want to exert her power over a man and

put him to his limit and beyond.



The days go by quickly. Charlie is 100 % devoted to me at all times.

Some women may become bored with a man so attentive and lose him.

Not me. I know what I have. He is exactly what I always wanted a man 

to be but never thought one existed. I know I use Charlie. I use him 

all the time. He serves me. He has never missed a month of menses

service. That is the greatest thing he does for me and he does it

because he loves me. He certainly does not enjoy the taste! He lies

to me and tells me he does. Like I believe that! He tells me my 

farts do not stink! Believe me when I tell you they are the worlds 

worse! 



I pee in Charlies mouth a lot. To much. I make him drink a ton of water.

I do not allow him to drink any sodas or stuff that is not good for

him. My pee is his only vice! Do you know what that man dreamed up on

his own, and does? He makes peescicles. That is what he calls them.

He freezes my pee on a stick and sucks on them on the beach! I am

totally pleased. I look at him sucking on a peescicle and get goosebumps!

Everyday all day long, night too, he is totally devoted to me. The more

he serves me the more he wants to serve me. His happiest time is 

when he is doing something for me that he does not think any other 

man does for his godddess. He says he thinks I am the only real goddess 

anyway! He likes to tell me he found and acquired the worlds only goddess.

I sometime accept the compliment graciously. Sometimes I tease him by

reminding him, he is mine. Not me his!



Teasing like that is the only time our true relationship is mentioned.

Sure I call him, "slave", a lot just like he calls me, "Goddess" a lot.

They are endearing terms we call each other. Our pet names. Sometimes 

when I have this, I want to be a bitch feeling, I call him toilet and 

go pee in his mouth. What never ceases to amaze me though, he is super 

attentive when I do that. He caresses my pussy with his tongue. He always

licks my ass when I do this to him. He even prolongs contact and sucks

on my ass hole. Charlie can not get enough of worshipping me! I could

never count the time that out of the clear blue he drops to his knees 

bows down and kisses my feet, calls me Goddess, and confesses his love 

for me. I do not remember the last time I did any care things for me. 

You know like bathing, nail trimming, hair washing, trimming, :). He

does it all for me. He cooks, cleans, does laundry. On his cleaning

days he walks around the hous with my panties in his mouth. Now that

he know it turns me on and does not make me think he is weird, he

wears another pair over his nose while he cleans a pair. He looks

comical walking around cleaning house with one of my panties over 

his face and another hanging from his mouth while he sucks on it.



I understand completely. The guy is crazy about me, really crazy about 

me and pussy whipped to the extreme! 



Charlie and I have been married for five years. It seems like yesterday.

or maybe last month. He is more loving to me now than when we took that

plane trip. :) Thinking of his face on my crotch for the first time is 

a warm feeling. God, I have been sooo lucky. I had some really bad 

experiences with men. Charlie is worth those. I love him more than I 

ever thought I was capable of loving. He has taught me a lot about loving.

He has taught me that if a man truly loves a woman he can not do to much 

for her.



I am pushing 30, this is what I did to him only yesterday.



"Slave, get your ass in here. I need your services! Now slave, or you will 

feel my teeth!" I called out to him.



He came running to me, dropped to his knees in front of me, kissed my 

foot and said,"How may I serve my beautiful Goddess?"



"I need to pee and I am using you as my toilet." I told him in my 

haughty voice that says I am worth 10,000 of you.



Without a word he began to remove my shorts and panties.

As soon as he had my shorts off he lovingly kissed my pantied crotch.

He inhaled and a look of estacy came on his face. He removed my panties

and kissed my pussy. He began to lick it like it was candy that he 

wanted to last for as many licks as possible. You know, slow gentle 

licks. God he could make me hot!



"I do not have the desire for that. I need to pee! I told you that.

If you do not place your mouth in its desired position, I will piss 

all over your face because you are my slave, I own you and can do 

anything to you I want as long as we both shall live. Right slave?"



"That should have been a part of our marriage vows!" (g)



"Yes, Goddess, I belong to you." He said as correctly positioned

his mouth and I began to pee.



I looked down at him. God I loved the things I could make him do 

with no effort.



"Know what slave, I am going to take a big dump in your mouth just 

to remind you of who id the Mistress and who is the slave."



"You like to smell my farts and eat my shit, don't you slave?" 



He could not answer because he was busy swallowing my piss!



"Silence gives consent, you did not answer so I know you want to 

be my toilet."



I finished my piss and turned my ass to his face. He kissed my 

cheecks then frenched my pretty brown rosebud. I loved his tongue.



I pretended I was trying to shit for several minutes while he

remained attentive to my hole. 



"I am not ready slave. Go back to what ever you were doing before 

being rewarded with my delish pee!"



"Do you have enough peescicles?" 



I did not want him to run low. I loved seeing him eating them!



I told him I was teasing and he brushed his teeth and hooked up 

with me. I fucked his face and allowed him to lick and slurp on

my pussy for the remainder of the afternoon. I did not want to

wear him out. Night was coming!



The End 





















Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jim Hale


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





