BDSM Library - Jonah




Jonah
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Young man unfairly sold into slavery by a "friend".Jonah Intro  
 Jonah awoke to the sound and sting of a whip cracking on his buttocks. He
  jumped up on the bed he found himself lying on and turned to face his tormentors.
  He saw two large women standing at the foot of the bed, leering at him. One
  was heavy set with short black hair. She looked to be about 40. She wore an
  outfit of heavy brown leather. A sword and a dagger hung from her belt. A long
  bullwhip was in her hand.  
 The other woman looked like she was in her early thirties. She was taller
  and slimmer, but quite muscular. She wore tight black pants made of heavy cloth
  and a rawhide shirt cut low to reveal her ample cleavage. Her long blonde hair
  was pulled back into a braid. A sword also hung from her side.  
 Both women looked very tough and Jonah doubted he could take either in a
  fight even if they were unarmed. The shorter of the two was at least 6 foot
  tall. Jonah stood 5 foot 8 inches and his thin body looked puny in comparison.
  Jonah rubbed the welt on his buttocks and realized that he was naked. He covered
  himself with his hands and felt the sting of the whip again, this time on his
  left thigh. He let out a cry and rubbed the sore area.  
 &quot;Raise your hands," the dark haired woman ordered sternly. He obeyed
  nervously. Jonah felt very embarrassed. His head reeled as he looked about
  him trying to make sense of what was going on. The last thing he remembered
  was drinking at an Inn with Antonio and the others. Jonah tried to remember
  last night but he couldn't think straight. He felt somewhere between being
  drunk and having a hangover. Jonah looked around and realized that he must
  be in a bedroom of the Inn.  
 Jonah vaguely remembered the women from the night before. The two Amazons
  in the corner of the bar had made him curious enough to discuss them briefly
  with Antonio. Jonah admitted to having a strange attraction for the blonde
  Amazon, but was more enamored with a young dancing girl at the Inn. She was
  about his own age and very pretty. He had watched her and eventually tried
  to seduce her in his clumsy way. Jonah had his usual luck and she soundly rejected
  him. He had gone back to the table and started drinking heavier to drown his
  sorrows while talking with Antonio. That was the last thing Jonah could remember.  
 &quot;Come over here&quot; the dark haired Amazon said. Jonah just stood
  for a moment until she started to raise the whip again, then he hurried over
  to stand before her. They towered over him. He barely came to the shorter woman's
  shoulders. The other woman grasped his hands and guided them up and behind
  his head.  
 &quot;Stay like that.&quot; she said and the two women started walking around
  him slowly looking him up and down and lightly touching him here and there. &quot;Hold
  still&quot; he was told when he fidgeted and received a warning tap of the
  whip handle. The dark haired woman bent down on one knee right in front of
  him and grabbed his cock lightly. Jonah was very embarrassed; as this was the
  first time a woman had ever touched him there. The other woman started fondling
  his butt. Very quickly Jonah got a large erection in spite of himself.  
 The blonde looked over his shoulder at his cock. "Looks like he likes you." she
  said. The dark haired woman stroked him for a few moments and Jonah was very
  turned on. He started moving his hips a little to push into her hand. Both
  women laughed and the dark haired one stood up.  
 &quot;Enough. Time to go. Get the things," she said. Jonah looked around
  and saw his clothes crumpled beside the bed. He started to reach for them,
  but she stepped between and kicked them under the bed. &quot;You don't need
  those. You take this.&quot; She easily picked up a large bag from beside the
  door and put it on his shoulders. Jonah could barely hold it even with both
  hands. They opened the door and shoved him out into the hallway.  
 Jonah struggled to keep his balance and carry the heavy bag. The blonde
  Amazon led the way to the right while the other followed behind him. She kept
  him moving by pushing him or grabbing and pinching his butt. A man came out
  a door to one of the other rooms and passed them in the hall. Jonah wanted
  to ask for help but the man greeted the ladies and looked at Jonah with an
  amused expression on his face, so Jonah felt too embarrassed.  
 They came to the door at the end of the hall which led outside. The sun
  was just beginning to rise. They pushed Jonah through the door and towards
  a wagon parked by the stable at the side of the house. Jonah was getting winded
  and struggled to keep pace with the Amazons.  
 Jonah was even more embarrassed when he noticed a girl walk around the corner
  of the inn. It was Melinda, the girl he had so unsuccessfully tried to seduce
  the night before. She stared with a smile right at Jonah's cock, which was
  still hard. Jonah wanted to cover himself but was unable to. Melinda stopped
  and watched Jonah as he finally reached the wagon and hefted the bag in the
  back as he was directed.  
 &quot;Now you get in," the darker haired woman ordered. Jonah looked at
  her for a moment&hellip; then turned and ran for it. The Amazons were expecting
  this and reacted quickly. The dark haired woman swung the bullwhip expertly
  and it curled around Jonah's ankle, tripping him up. The blonde came around
  the other side of the wagon and jumped on him quickly. Jonah tried to struggle,
  but she was way too strong for him. &quot;So you want to do it the hard way,
  huh.&quot; She tied his hands behind his back with cords and pulled him to
  his feet.  
 Jonah started yelling for help and Blondie clamped a huge hand over his
  mouth. The other Amazon pulled a bit of cloth from a pocket and shoved it in
  his mouth, then wrapped another leather strap around to hold it in place. "That
  should keep you quiet until you learn some manners," she said. Jonah tried
  to struggle with the bonds but they were secure. The blonde still held him
  by one arm. Jonah was embarrassed to see that Melinda was still watching all
  of this and had actually walked closer for a better view, seeming interested
  and amused. The commotion had attracted the attention of a couple of the stable
  hands that had come to see what was going on. None looked eager to help him.  
 The dark haired woman whispered in his ear &quot;You'll pay for that later,
  now come on.&quot; She grabbed him by his cock and pulled roughly. Still grasping
  tightly, she led him to the wagon as he gasped in pain. The Amazon picked him
  up easily and set him in the back, then climbed in after him. She grabbed his
  legs and pulled them wide apart. She tied each ankle to the rail that ran around
  the back of the wagon.  
 Jonah was draped over a box, bent at the waist with his head hanging down.
  His hands were still tied behind his back and he was very uncomfortable, he
  squirmed around and the woman laughed at him. She grabbed at his balls again
  and stroked him into a full erection. Then she climbed up into the front of
  the wagon as they prepared to drive off.  
 Jonah looked out the back of the wagon and saw Melinda standing right in
  front of him with a big smile. When he looked at her she blew him a kiss and
  said &quot;goodbye sweetie, have fun.&quot; Melinda turned and walked away
  with her hips swaying as the wagon started bumping down the road.  
Chapter 1   
  
 Melinda walked back into the inn still smiling. She made her
  way down the short hall and into a bedroom. Antonio was still lying on the
  bed where she had left him. He lay on his side facing the door. She looked
  at his handsome face and strong smooth chest longingly. She loved his long
  thick black hair and dark skin. She could see his thick cock hanging, not quite
  soft even as he slept. They had made love twice the night before, and she thought
  he was a wonderful lover. Melinda compared him to the boy, Jonah was his name;
  she had just watched depart with his new owners. 
Antonio was so dark and mysterious with piercing blue eyes so striking in
  that dark face. He seemed so confident and at ease. People took to him quickly.
  He was a real man. One whom men could admire and women lust for, or fall in
  love with, if they were foolish. 
Jonah was pale with freckles and sandy hair. His brown eyes were soft and
  he always seemed nervous. Melinda liked him at first. He was cute, and seemed
  like he would be nice if he dropped his fake bravado he got from trying to
  imitate Antonio. But the way he acted the night before made her angry. He stared
  at her body, but wouldn't look her in the eye. Then brushing up against her
  as if by accident after he was getting drunk. As if she didn't know he was
  trying to feel her. His stammering attempt to seduce her all the while staring
  at her cleavage. Then drinking until he passed out in a corner chair after
  she rejected him, though he drank less than Antonio that night. He was still
  just a boy, but Antonio was a man. 
When Jonah was pretty much senseless, Antonio had pulled Melinda onto his
  lap and she knew then that they would be together. No word needed to be spoken
  he just looked into her eyes. She had sat with him the rest of the night. She
  had been there when he made the deal to sell the boy's contract to the Amazons.
  She didn't understand exactly what was going on, but kept quiet and didn't
  ask questions. She admired the way Antonio handled himself, as Amazons can
  be dangerous to deal with, but she wondered at why he did not try for a better
  price. 
The Amazons seemed to wonder too, and they insisted on inspecting Jonah closely
  before making any deal. Antonio had agreed and the Amazons carried Jonah to
  their rooms, they had two adjoining bedrooms in the nicest part of the inn.
  Antonio followed them and to Melinda's surprise he pulled her along by the
  hand. They all went into the room and the Amazons began to undress Jonah. Melinda
  was actually a little embarrassed, but Antonio seemed to encourage her to watch.
  Jonah was only semi-conscious, but they took turns holding him up as the other
  inspected him in detail. They played with him until he grew hard. He was bigger
  than Melinda had expected. 
After a while the Amazons were satisfied that he was healthy. The blonde
  Amazon had stayed in the room with Jonah while the other went back with them
  to the table. Melinda watched with interest as they looked over the original
  contract and the new contract changing ownership. The papers were signed, and
  she and the innkeeper each signed as witnesses. Then the Amazons gave Antonio
  10 gold coins and the deal was done shortly after midnight. 
This time Antonio had asked Melinda to wait for him and he had walked back
  with the Amazons to give them Jonah's few belongings and some information.
  He wasn't gone long and upon returning he pulled Melinda to him and kissed
  her. They had gone to his room and made love for at least an hour. She had
  been so turned on watching the Amazons as they stripped and examined Jonah.
  Maybe Antonio had expected that reaction from her. 
And now only a few hours later she felt aroused again. Thinking about Jonah
  being taken away to be a slave to those women. The way he looked so embarrassed
  yet had such a hard cock. She still gazed at Antonio, absentmindedly playing
  with her own breast under her robe. Antonio groaned a little and rolled over.
  Melinda tossed aside her robe and climbed into bed with him. She lay against
  him and started fondling his penis. He groaned again and stirred a little,
  but she kept stroking him until he was fully hard. He rolled onto his back
  and looked at her starting to wake a little. 
"I saw your friend this morning" she said. Antonio grunted. He wanted more
  sleep, but he could see Melinda was wide-awake and horny. "They had him out
  in the courtyard naked. He tried to run away, but they caught him. Then they
  tied him up in the back of their wagon and took him off. He didn't look very
  happy." 
"I don't suppose so." Antonio replied, waking up more. 
"He's a virgin isn't he?" 
"Of course." Antonio replied. 
"Not for long I bet." Melinda said with a smile. 
"Oh, I wouldn't say that." Antonio said. 
Melinda's smile began to falter. "I thought he was being sold as a sex slave." She
  had been turned on by thinking of Jonah being used by those women for sex,
  and the idea of him just being a simple labor slave disappointed her. 
"He is, but you don't understand about Amazons. They only actually have intercourse
  to have children, and they only want children from large strong warriors. That
  is how they keep their warrior line so strong. They capture or seduce worthy
  warriors to father their children. Some they let go and some they slay afterwards.
  Others are kept as studs depending on the situation. These men they will have
  sex with, but no Amazon would ever have intercourse with someone like Jonah
  and risk pregnancy from his seed. They would rather die. But the Amazons do
  have strong sex drives. Some are lesbians, but many prefer pleasure from a
  man. So, they keep some sex slaves such as Jonah. The Amazon women can easily
  control men that are small and weak. These slaves give the Amazons pleasure
  with their mouths and hands only. Jonah will never have actual sex while he
  is with the Amazons, but he will learn a lot about pleasing a woman sexually.
  His tongue will be very busy over the next four years." 
Melinda was quiet for a while as she thought about this, still softly stroking
  Antonio's shaft. She hadn't even thought about him giving them oral sex. It
  was considered disgusting in the land where she had been raised for a man to
  lick a woman, though a woman was expected to provide oral sex for her man.
  Even though she was an attractive young woman and had had sex with many partners,
  none had really done that for her. Once a man had kissed her thighs and outside
  of her lips briefly, but that was the closest it had come. 
She had given many blowjobs however. She became a whore shortly after running
  away from home 3 years ago out of necessity. She had had sex with many men.
  Some were really disgusting, but she needed money or she would starve and had
  no other way. Some fucked her, some just wanted her to suck them off. She had
  some really hard times until she had made her way to this inn. 
The innkeeper had taken a liking to her and let her stay there pretty cheap.
  She had to give him sex sometimes and she still whored at the inn, especially
  at first, but she was able to do a lot fewer men to get by. She mostly just
  danced at the inn now and got some money from the patrons. She only had to
  have sex for money when there was a special customer that the innkeeper wanted
  to please, or when she wanted some extra money for something. 
Just last week there were three warriors traveling through who had paid her
  5 gold coins to come to their room. She had stripped for them, then sucked
  each of them off. It made her feel cheap, but it had also turned her on. She
  had begun playing with herself as she sucked the third man off. The men noticed
  and encouraged her. She had played with herself until she came, then embarrassed,
  she dressed hurriedly and ran back to her room. Even though she felt ashamed,
  she masturbated to 3 more orgasms as she lay in bed. Now she thought of Jonah
  having to lick those two women. 
"If they don't want to have sex with him, why were they so worried about
  being sure his penis worked right?" Melinda asked. 
"They want a man that they can get aroused, even though they will never fuck
  him." Antonio explained. "They enjoy looking at and touching their slaves'
  cocks. They want the slaves to lust after them. Slaves perform better when
  they are aroused and it gives the Amazons more control over them. They like
  to get the slaves really turned on, wanting his mistresses so bad, but never
  able to have that pleasure. They get them all worked up, until they are begging
  to cum, then the Amazons laugh at their hard cocks. It makes them feel powerful.
  They try to keep the slaves hard as much of the time as possible. They don't
  allow them to cum by playing with themselves. They watch them or keep them
  tied most of the time." 
Melinda lightly fondled Antonio's cock as he spoke, but she was actually
  thinking about Jonah's cock. It really hadn't been much smaller than Antonio's
  and she would have liked to touch it herself. She imagined herself teasing
  Jonah as the Amazons would do, knowing she was driving him crazy from frustration
  and leaving him always wanting relief, but never granting it. Yet strangely
  she imagined herself being Jonah at the same time, being teased and used for
  others amusement She squirmed in the bed. She felt so wet. 
"I'm sure a slave can sneak in a chance sometimes," Antonio continued, "though
  not too often I bet, and they would be punished if they were caught. When they
  asked me if he played with himself I told them he did all the time, several
  times a day at least. They assured me they would break him of that habit. I
  said they would have to watch him really close, as I am sure he would take
  any opportunity and it wouldn't take him very long." Melinda laughed at that. "They
  said they would certainly watch him close and that when he was sold they would
  be sure his new owners also knew he would require closer supervision. I imagine
  he will have even fewer opportunities than other slaves." 
Melinda was quiet for a while as she thought about this, but she took Antonio's
  hand and led it down to her sex. He lightly stroked her in a teasing manner.
  She continued stroking his cock slowly. Antonio smiled to himself. He enjoyed
  the way Melinda was reacting to the situation. He was glad she was getting
  so turned on. He wanted her, but wanted to wait a little. Melinda lay there
  thinking about Jonah giving those women pleasure and them just teasing him
  and not allowing him release. She was feeling so horny now and she was imagining
  herself in that position. After a while she asked, "You said, 'when he is sold,'
  you mean they won't keep him?"  
"Oh no. They plan to sell him once they get back to their homeland. They
  will get plenty of use out of him on the way since it will probably take them
  a month or more to get there. That will give them a chance to break him in
  and give him some training to help prepare him. They are mercenaries at least
  and probably thieve as well. He would be more trouble than he is worth for
  them in the long run. They will just take him back and sell him for the profit.
  They should make a very substantial profit, too. The Amazons take slaves illegally
  of course and keep them in their own country. A young man like him would be
  fairly valuable on the market like that, but a legally contracted slave is
  worth even more. The owners don't have to worry about someone from another
  land coming to try and claim him. If he tries to escape, neighboring countries
  will return him if he is caught. Also, he can be taken out of their country
  safely. They just need to present the contract and no one will interfere. With
  an illegal slave local governments in other countries may try to free the slave.
  So for the next four years it is pretty sure he will belong to the Amazons.
  After that he may be freed, or they could still keep him illegally longer.
  It depends on who he is sold to and how honorable they are." 
Melinda then asked the question that had been bothering her. "If his contract
  is valuable, why did you sell him so cheap? I can make 10 gold coins in a month
  easily, yet you sold a 4 year contract for that." 
Antonio smiled in satisfaction at that. "Oh, don't worry, I made out pretty
  well, all things considered." He slowly moved his hand up her body and began
  fondling her breasts. 
"What do you mean?" Melinda prompted when he didn't continue. 
"Well, that contract wasn't exactly what Jonah thought he was signing. See
  we picked him up traveling through a little farm town about a month ago. He
  had some money, a little inheritance I believe. We brought him along with us
  because he wanted to come and he was buying a lot of food and drink. He wanted
  to travel and see the world, so he didn't mind paying for everyone. Then the
  other day the axle broke on our wagon. We said we didn't have the money to
  fix it. Jonah said he would pay for it and we could pay him back. The poor
  fool didn't know much about handling money and he gave me three times what
  it would cost to fix the wagon. With all he had been spending before he was
  nearly broke. We broke out the good potent wine and had a party in his honor
  the night before last. After we had drank for a while I sat down with him.
  I told him how grateful we were for all he had done. I said we had drawn up
  a contract to be sure he got paid back over 4 years. He was too drunk to really
  read the small print. He just can't hold his wine. He trusted me so he signed
  it. I have a friend who is an official in town here who signed it to make it
  binding, and there you have it, one indentured servant for four years." 
"I was afraid I would have trouble finding someone to buy the contract, but
  those Amazons being here was just too fortunate. It was perfect. He will be
  taken out of the country heading west and when our wagon is fixed we will head
  east. I'm quite sure he could get it overturned if he could get us into a court
  here, but we are so close to the border, he may already have crossed by now.
  He won't be able to do anything in any other country, as far as they know it
  is a legal contract and they won't bother checking into his story. I doubt
  he will be able to get away from the Amazons, so we will be in the clear. In
  a month he will be hundreds of miles away." Antonio concluded. 
"So you took all his money and now you've sold him into slavery for at least
  4 years, and maybe longer! What a mean thing to do." Melinda said. 
"Well he did want to travel, and I promised to teach him about women. Now
  he will learn more than he ever wanted to know." Antonio laughed mischievously. "He
  will start to learn to lick pussy before the day is out. I am sure both women
  will try him out several times today alone. He will get to know their pussies
  very well before they reach their destination. Then he will get to know dozens
  more after that." 
Melinda looked at Antonio thinking what a scoundrel he was, but he was so
  handsome. She felt a little sorry for Jonah, but she could see the humor in
  the situation as well. Life hadn't been so easy for her since leaving home,
  why should it be for him. The more she thought about it the more she thought
  it served him right. It seemed just to her that a man should go through the
  kind of humiliation she had by becoming a whore. 
She imagined how he would feel, being forced to lick those women and to do
  anything they say. She imagined how humiliating it would be for a man to be
  at the mercy of women who can overpower him, force him to please them and give
  him no pleasure in return. He had looked so embarrassed already, being naked
  in front of her and them, and he had no idea what was going on. For the next
  4 years, at least, to be a slave for the pleasure of strong warrior women,
  never getting to have sex, at best masturbating in secret, fearful of getting
  caught. She was getting more aroused again, still imagining how it would be
  to get that way and not be allowed relief. She wanted the fantasy of it to
  continue just a little longer, then let Antonio screw her brains out. 
"You said dozens more? You really think it would be that many?" she asked
  to get Antonio talking again. 
"I imagine so. They don't keep very many sex slaves, because they don't want
  to take any chance of them trying to organize any rebellion or escape. As I
  understand it they are few and far between. A whole village of fifty or more
  may have only one such slave purchased by village leaders to be shared around.
  Or he could be sold to an inn in a larger city. He would have to go around
  serving drinks wearing little or nothing and any woman that wanted him would
  just have to pay the innkeeper a small amount for his use. Only one such slave
  is allowed per inn so they are in pretty high demand. He would have to serve
  several women a night. If that inn is located in a trade center there would
  be different women passing through all the time." Antonio paused. 
"It is possible a wealthy family could purchase him for the household use.
  That would be the fewest he would have to serve. Still he would have to serve
  the entire household whenever they wanted and any guests. I'm sure a household
  wealthy enough to have their own sex slave would have at least 20 with family
  and servants. Also, he may not have the same owners the entire time. I definitely
  think its safe to say he will serve at least dozens." 
Antonio had gone back to stroking Melinda's sex as he talked. She was getting
  even more aroused and was moving her hips to press herself against his hand.
  She was lightly stroking his penis with one hand and playing with her own breast
  with the other. She felt more turned on than she remembered and didn't think
  she could wait much more, but was enjoying listening to Antonio telling her
  about Jonah's fate. She liked to think he would be sold to an inn. Then he
  really would be just like a whore with drunken women leering at him and grabbing
  him, all of them knowing that for a little money he has to lick them. Then
  he would know how she felt and then some. All her sympathy for him was gone
  now and she found herself wishing that life on him. She wanted him to have
  to please an endless parade of disgusting women and to never be allowed to
  come again. Thinking of this she could wait no more and she climbed on top
  of Antonio's rock hard member. They fucked hard and passionately until they
  both collapsed in orgasmic bliss. It was the first of many times they would
  fuck that day.  
Chapter 2   
   
Jonah, however, wasn't having as good a morning.
  He was bumping along in the back of the wagon. His mouth tasted terrible, whatever
  rag the Amazon had stuffed in wasn't too clean. He had to breathe through his
  nose. Jonah felt nauseous and was afraid he would vomit. With his mouth gagged
  he was sure it would kill him. He fought to keep his stomach under control
  as he tried in vain to figure out what was going on. His memories of the night
  before were vague. Jonah's head was pounding with his hangover and he was dizzy
  from being upside down. Soon his legs were cramping and the bag was chaffing
  him. It seemed like hours to him, but it wasn't long at all, only minutes really
  before the wagon stopped. They had just wanted to get out of town. Actually
  Helanda, the darker haired Amazon, began to get just as worried as Jonah about
  the gag and the possibility of him choking to death. She quietly told Vandrel
  to pull over so they could check on him as soon as they had come to a secluded
  spot. Helanda climbed over the back of the seat and stood looking down on Jonah.
  He looked miserable, but unharmed. He was glaring at her, but she could tell
  he was afraid. Good, she thought to herself. 
"Are you ready for me to take the gag out?" Helanda
  asked. Jonah nodded vigorously. "Then you need to be quiet. You do not speak
  unless you are told to. No one else can hear you out here so it won't help
  you to yell. If you do, the gag goes right back in. Do you understand me?" Jonah
  again nodded. Helanda untied the strap and pulled the rag from Jonah's mouth.
  He worked his jaw, but said nothing. Helanda began rummaging around in various
  boxes, which made Jonah very nervous. He had no idea what she was looking for.
  When Helanda had collected several things Jonah couldn't see she sat next to
  him. "Now you are going to be punished," Helanda said matter-of-factly. She
  held up a wide strip of soft leather about a foot long. 
"No please!" Jonah pleaded. 
"Quiet!" Helanda ordered and immediately gave Jonah
  five hard swats across his bare ass. He cried out and squirmed, but could not
  avoid the blows. Jonah had been spanked as a child, but not for a long time.
  The last time his mother had spanked him he had laughed at her. Jonah thought
  then that he was beyond being bothered by such a punishment. He wasn't laughing
  now though. He felt more pain than he ever remembered feeling in his sheltered
  life. He thought that the strap must have been cutting him it hurt so much.
  Helanda had a lot of experience disciplining slaves though and she didn't want
  to mark him. Jonah's ass was covered with red marks, but she did not break
  the skin. She wanted to get his attention with this punishment, but didn't
  want to go too far yet. 
"That is for talking without permission. You only
  speak when asked to or if it is required. Next time you will get 10 for that.
  Now for trying to run away&hellip;" Helanda gave him 25 lashes, spreading them
  out over his buttocks and thighs. Soon Jonah was crying and whimpering. She
  was glad of his response. It seemed he would be easy to discipline. He didn't
  seem to be faking, but she hadn't needed to be very harsh. She wanted to be
  able to give out as little punishment as possible early and build up only when
  it was needed. "That is just a mild warning. If you ever try to get away again
  you will get much worse. You belong to us now. Do exactly as you are told and
  it won't be bad, but if you do not obey, you will be punished. You call me
  Mistress Helanda. She is Mistress Vandrel. Do you understand me?" 
"Yes Mistress Helanda." Jonah replied, not wanting
  further punishment. 
"Good. Now be still slave." Helanda began attaching
  cuffs to Jonah's ankles, then to his wrists. She put a sturdy leather collar
  around his neck. Each piece locked into place. She had several short chains
  that could be locked to the cuffs or collars in various positions. She attached
  Jonah's arms behind his back. Then Helanda untied his legs from the rails,
  but she attached a foot long piece of chain between his ankles. That would
  keep him from going anywhere too fast. She helped him to sit upright. Jonah's
  head was still swimming. This time Helanda took him toward the front of the
  wagon directly behind the seat. She attached short chains to his wrist cuffs,
  then attached these to hooks on the rails so his arms were spread out and he
  was looking out the back of the wagon. Jonah didn't have much room to move
  his arms, which was uncomfortable, but at least he was upright and sitting. 
Next, Helanda took out another small leather item.
  Jonah didn't know what it was, but soon found out when she began attaching
  it to his genitals. It was a harness that fit behind his balls and around his
  cock. It was tight and it stretched his balls out. It hurt just a little as
  she put it on him, but when she was done it felt tight, but not painful. His
  balls just had a dull ache to them. Helanda inspected the fit and fondled him
  for a little while and soon Jonah was hard again. That seemed to make him ache
  a little more. She nodded seeming satisfied. 
Helanda pulled out a water skin and took a long
  drink. Then she gestured toward Jonah. "Would you like a drink, slave?" she
  asked. 
"Yes, please." Jonah said, he was very thirsty
  and his mouth tasted terrible. 
Helanda got an angry expression and reached out
  and grabbed Jonah by the balls hard enough to make him wince. "Yes what?" she
  prompted. 
"Yes, &hellip;Mistress Helanda." he answered. She
  gripped his balls for a few more seconds, then released him. 
"That's better." Helanda said, "but you just earned
  yourself another punishment." Jonah kept quiet and she offered the water skin
  to his lips. He took several big drinks, which made him feel a little better.
  Then she got back into the front of the wagon and they started off again. Jonah
  kept quiet as they went on trying to figure out what was going on and what
  he was going to do. 
It just didn't make sense. They called him their
  slave? Where were Antonio and the rest of the "gypsies"? Why hadn't anyone
  helped him? Jonah figured he must have passed out and then the Amazons had
  kidnapped him. Everyone else was partying and probably didn't know yet. He
  was sure they would look for him once they noticed he wasn't with them. They
  would find out what happened and come after him. Jonah didn't at all believe
  that he could ever really end up being a slave. Someone would help him
  out, or he would get a chance to sneak away soon. They can't just kidnap someone
  and take him as a slave against their will. The local authorities around here
  wouldn't allow it if they knew. 
Jonah was sure he would be freed soon. He just
  kept telling himself that, but he wondered what they were going to do with
  him. He shifted around, trying to get comfortable. His position was an improvement
  from hanging upside down, but he was still far from comfortable. Though it
  was late spring, the mornings were a bit cool to be outside naked and he shivered
  a little. His ass hurt, though the pain was quickly growing less. Having his
  arms stretched out and not being able to move much was bothering him more.
  Jonah tried to get his hands free, but could not even come close. He tried
  to relax and think as he watched the road retreat. He could tell from the sun
  that they were heading west, but he was not familiar with this area. At first
  they passed an occasional house or farm, but soon were away from any sign of
  civilization and the road got narrower and rougher. 
They traveled for several hours before stopping
  this time. The pain in Jonah's buttocks had gone to an itch, which was maddening
  since he was unable to use his hands to scratch. He squirmed around trying
  to relieve his itch. The day warmed as the sun climbed, and Jonah was no longer
  cold. By the time they stopped he was sweating slightly which only caused more
  itching. After they had secured the wagon and done a few other things, Vandrel
  came into the back of the wagon and released Jonah's hands from the rails.
  She pulled him to his feet. Jonah began to stretch his aching arms and to scratch,
  but Vandrel didn't allow him much time. She grabbed his arms and secured them
  together behind his back. She stayed behind him and reached around to fondle
  his cock and balls with her right hand as she pinched his nipples with the
  other. 
Jonah could feel Vandrel's large breasts against
  his back and though he was frightened and embarrassed he responded to her touch.
  Quickly he grew very hard. He was used to masturbating every morning and usually
  several more times every day. Being denied the chance this morning had him
  feeling very horny. Though Jonah was still frightened and worried about what
  lay in store, he also was a little excited. These women seemed attracted to
  him and he got the impression they were going to have sex with him soon. The
  few times he had even gotten close to having sex with any girls, he always
  got too nervous and blew it. If Vandrel decided to have sex with him, he got
  the feeling she would get her way and he wouldn't have the choice to chicken
  out. This might be the time when he would finally lose his virginity. 
Jonah started to think it might not be so bad to
  at least get to fuck Vandrel before escaping. Thinking about this got him even
  more turned on. He closed his eyes and his breathing quickened. Vandrel slowed
  down her stroking and was just lightly touching his shaft. Jonah, being so
  horny began to thrust into her hand, trying to get more stimulation. She stopped
  moving her hand but let him rub against it for a few moments, then began gradually
  pulling it farther away. Vandrel still held him firmly across the chest with
  her other arm and he had to reach farther with his hips to keep contact. He
  was thrusting his hips as far as he could, only to barely brush his cock against
  her hand. 
He opened his eyes and saw that Helanda nearby
  watching him with a smile. He blushed realizing he must look foolish and stopped
  moving his hips. Helanda laughed and walked away. Vandrel then whispered into
  his ear, so close he could feel her breath, "You are such a cute one. We're
  going to have a lot of fun with you." She turned him around so he was facing
  her, looking straight into her large breasts, just inches from his face. Vandrel
  knelt down on one knee. Jonah couldn't help himself, in his aroused state he
  stared down lustily into her cleavage. She began touching his balls and he
  tried to start moving again. Vandrel rapped his balls with the back of her
  hand. "Be still," she commanded. She hadn't hit him all that hard, but in his
  state he really felt it. The ache spread from his balls up into his bowels
  and stomach and made him feel nauseous. He tried to hold still, not knowing
  what she was doing. Jonah soon saw that she had attached a leash to the bottom
  of the harness around his balls. She stood up again and lifted the end of the
  leash. When it tightened it pulled a flap up against the bottom of his balls,
  squeezing them and stretching his scrotum. The ache in his balls greatly increased
  and Jonah was forced up onto his toes to try to relieve the pressure. Vandrel
  laughed and held him that way for a few seconds then dropped the leash down
  again.  
"Now come, it's time for lunch," Vandrel said leading
  Jonah to the back of the wagon. She got down first, then lifted him easily
  and set him on his feet. She led him under a tree at the edge of the clearing
  where Helanda was sitting on a blanket already eating. Jonah found it humiliating
  to be led by a leash like an animal, but was unable to resist. Vandrel had
  Jonah stand under a large branch, then lifted the leash and wrapped it several
  times around the branch over his head. It ran along his right cheek and it
  was loose enough as long as he held still, but if he bent his knees or tried
  to take a step in any direction it would tighten up. Vandrel disconnected the
  chain connecting his hands behind his back, but then attached one hand to his
  collar with a short chain. The other hand she attached with a chain between
  his legs to the harness on his genitals. Vandrel put a small loaf in Jonah's
  hand and sat down for her own lunch. 
Jonah wasn't comfortable, but was able to eat easily
  enough. The bread was good and they also gave him a piece of fruit and some
  dried meat. As he ate he tried to figure out how to unfasten his hand that
  was behind him. He could feel the chain and where it met the cuff, but wasn't
  able to figure out how to release it. Jonah could see on his other hand that
  there was some sort of simple lock, but he couldn't figure it out. They were
  able to do it so quickly he couldn't see what they were doing. He knew they
  used some kind of key or tool and resolved to figure out a way to get it so
  he could escape. When he finished his food they gave him some more water to
  drink. 
Jonah was feeling much better by this time. His
  stomach and head felt better. His hangover was pretty much gone. Jonah's biggest
  problems now were not being able to move much and the aching in his balls.
  That had continued to grow even when he was able to hold still enough that
  the harness wasn't squeezing him. And yet, his cock had stayed hard for most
  of the meal. In fact it was harder than he ever remembered it being. Jonah
  felt really horny and he kept taking glances down at Vandrel's breasts. He
  could see down her shirt quite well from where he was tied. 
After she had eaten, Vandrel stood in front of
  Jonah looking him up and down. She came up closer to him. She was so much taller
  that her breasts were level with his eyes and just inches away. He stared at
  them longingly. "You like my breasts don't you?" she said, closing the gap
  between them, his face pressed into her bosom. Jonah did like them and enjoyed
  the way they felt against his face, but as she pushed him back a little the
  leash tightened on his balls. Jonah didn't answer. He had been staying completely
  quiet hoping to avoid punishment and didn't know how to answer. Vandrel grasped
  his balls lightly in her hand. "Answer, slave," she said. 
"Yes." Jonah admitted. 
"Yes, yes what?" Vandrel said sternly her grip
  tightening a little on his balls. 
"Yes, Mistress&hellip;" he trailed off having forgotten
  the name. 
"Mistress what?" she prompted squeezing tighter
  still. Jonah instinctively tried to back away, which of course only made it
  worse because of the leash. 
"Mistress&hellip; I've forgotten, I'm sorry." Jonah
  gasped. 
"Mistress Vandrel," she prompted. 
"Yes Mistress Vandrel." Jonah repeated. 
"Do not forget again," she said and then released
  his balls. She backed off some. "You were doing pretty well, but now you've
  earned more punishment." She produced the leather strap that Helanda had used
  on him before. Without hesitation she began spanking him with it. She gave
  him five quick lashes. With each Jonah jumped and the leash tugged at his balls.
  After the five lashes Jonah was whimpering. "What is my name?" she asked. 
"Mistress Vandrel." Jonah sobbed. 
"That's right," Vandrel said giving him another
  lash. "And what is her name?" she asked. 
"Mistress Helanda!" Jonah answered. She smacked
  him again. 
 "Are you going to forget again?" she asked. 
"No Mistress Vandrel." he gasped as she struck
  him again. 
"You had better not, slave," she said. She gave
  him two more lashes. Jonah was breathing hard and tears were in his eyes. Then
  Vandrel handed the strap to Helanda who stood and began circling Jonah looking
  him up and down. 
"You have a punishment coming from me still as
  well," Helanda said as she continued to circle him. It was making Jonah very
  nervous and he squirmed in anticipation of the blows. He wanted to beg for
  mercy, but realized she would just punish him more for speaking without permission.
  After she thought she had made him wait enough, she began giving him ten slow
  lashes. She didn't speak, just continued circling Jonah, watching him closely
  and reading his reaction. Helanda chuckled when she was done, because she could
  tell the punishment had been very effective. He was going to be an ideal slave.
  He was learning quickly to be subservient without any severe punishment. A
  ten-year old Amazon girl would take a lashing twice as severe and hardly flinch.
  He was acting as if the world were coming to an end. He was cute, too. 
Helanda began tracing her finger over Jonah's buttocks
  lightly, making him jump to try to avoid her. After less than a minute his
  erection, which had subsided during the punishment, was returning as large
  as ever. Yes, an ideal slave, she thought again. Helanda was getting very wet,
  as she always did when disciplining a slave. It had been too long since she
  had felt a slave's tongue between her legs. She had thought she would have
  to wait until they returned to Amazonia. It had been good fortune to come across
  him this way. Helanda knew that Antonio rascal was up to something and this
  couldn't really on the level, but she didn't really care. Helanda had looked
  at the contract closely and she was no fool about such things. She knew it
  couldn't really be legal, but she also knew it looked real enough for anyone
  they would run into between here and Amazonia. Also, the longer that passed
  the less likely it would be questioned even in the Territory it was from. Helanda
  would not try to deceive a sister Amazon, but she was sure anyone who bought
  Jonah would be safe to keep him as a legal slave without any worry. Helanda
  and Vandrel were going to make a tidy profit and get to enjoy some much-deserved
  pleasure in the meantime. 
"Enough punishment," Helanda said, "Now it's time
  for you to eat." Jonah wondered what she meant since he had just had lunch.
  She released his hand from his harness and attached it to his collar like his
  other hand. Then she reached up and undid the leash from the tree branch. Helanda
  led Jonah to the center of the blanket and pushed him down onto his back. It
  wasn't until she began to remove her pants that he realized what she had in
  mind. He started to roll over, but she tugged on the leash in warning and he
  stayed on his back. She removed her pants and underwear, not silk panties,
  such as Melinda might wear and Jonah got his first view of a woman's pussy.
  Helanda was very hairy, but he could see her lips and the moisture there. She
  straddled his stomach and inched up farther toward his chest. "Now, you will
  lick me really good, slave, or you will get more punishment." 
Jonah was distressed. Like with Melinda, where
  he came from men never did that. It was considered disgusting and wrong. Jonah
  was reluctant to do what Helanda demanded. Even if she were as beautiful as
  Melinda he wouldn't willingly do that. He absolutely did not want to do it
  with Helanda. She came up and sat on his chest pinning his arms down. 
"Please, don't." Jonah said. 
Helanda rapped him lightly in the balls. "You get
  another ten lashes for talking without permission. You had better shut up and
  start putting that mouth to good use if you don't want more." She slid further
  up and paused, her pussy just above his face and she looked into his eyes.
  He looked scared and desperate. Helanda knew it was his first time doing something
  like this and she enjoyed the idea. She had often had slaves lick her, but
  had never broken in a slave this way. She knew Jonah would get used to it quickly
  and would even come to enjoy it to some extent, but for now she was making
  him do something he didn't want to. The feeling of power thrilled her. Helanda
  slowly lowered herself onto his mouth. 
"Lick," Helanda commanded simply. Jonah tried to
  turn his head. Helanda yanked slightly on the leash and Jonah gasped. "That's
  five more lashes. You will do this. How much more punishment you get afterward
  is up to you. Now lick." Jonah reluctantly began sticking out his tongue and
  barely lapped at the edge of her pussy. She lowered herself more onto his mouth
  and said, "Lick hard." Jonah began trying harder. 
Helanda enjoyed the experience although the slave
  wasn't any good at it yet. He just didn't know what to do. She instructed him
  and encouraged him by yanks on the leash when necessary. It took quite a while
  but eventually Jonah got her to cum. He earned another five lashes for stopping
  after she came without her telling him to. Helanda put him back to work and
  made him lick her until she came again and told him to stop. Jonah felt totally
  humiliated by this experience. His jaw ached and he could still smell her on
  his face. She didn't allow him much time to rest. Helanda pulled Jonah to his
  feet. After tying the leash to the tree branch again she began to deal out
  his punishment right away. She gave him 20 more lashes, telling him that he
  must learn to do better. He can never hesitate when told to lick, and never
  quit unless told to. Vandrel watched this seeming to be amused. When Helanda
  was done, Vandrel came up to him. 
"Poor boy," Vandrel said to him, "you're going
  to have to learn to please us soon, unless you like these spankings." She began
  running her hands all over Jonah's body. When she leaned over he had a good
  view down her shirt again. Soon his cock, which had never gone completely soft
  anyway, was very hard again. Vandrel lightly traced her finger along it making
  him squirm. She pressed her tits into his face as she had before. He pushed
  his face into her chest, enjoying the feeling of her soft skin and large firm
  breasts. She grabbed his cock and held it lightly. Jonah began moving his hips
  trying to get stimulation. He was hornier than he had ever been and wanted
  to cum badly. Vandrel was getting turned on as well. She got most aroused by
  teasing slaves. She loved seeing the desire and frustration in their face.
  It was even more delicious with Jonah, because she could see the hope in his
  eyes that he was going to get to cum. He probably even thought he was going
  to get to fuck her. He was so innocent and had no idea what was in store for
  him. She wanted him to keep that hope as long as possible.  
Vandrel was confident and knew she had a body that
  turned men on. She was able to get experienced slaves crazy with lust even
  when they knew there was no chance they would get release. It was going to
  be so much fun to tease Jonah and let him think he might get a chance and then
  deny him. They could use the promise of sex to motivate him. She wondered how
  long it would take him to figure out that they were never going to allow it.
  He kept moving his hips, trying to hump her hand, though he could barely reach.
  She let go completely and backed away. Jonah let out a little groan. 
Vandrel then slowly removed her shirt, treating
  Jonah to his first view of a woman's tits. They were really impressive, so
  large and firm. Vandrel watched Jonah's eyes widen. She could see his obvious
  lust as he ogled her chest. "Like what you see, slave?" she asked. 
"Yes, Mistress Vandrel," Jonah answered. 
"Good, would you like to put your hands on them?" she
  asked. 
"Oh yes." Jonah answered. 
"Maybe later," Vandrel said bending down and close
  to Jonah's ear, "If you're good, then maybe later we can do all kinds of things." As
  she said this she ran her fingers up the length of his cock. Jonah shuddered
  enjoying her touch. "For now I just want you to suck them." She pushed her
  right tit up against his face. Jonah sucked at her nipple and Vandrel moaned
  a little. She was even more aroused now and she enjoyed stimulation to her
  breasts. She let him suck for a while, occasionally alternating the left for
  the right or rubbing them across his face. "You can suck harder than that," she
  said and Jonah sucked harder. He was enjoying this a lot, though he was so
  horny he was going crazy. "Mm, that feels nice," Vandrel sighed, "I think I'm
  ready for something more now, though."  
Vandrel backed up a step and peeled off her pants
  and underwear. Then she reached above Jonah and unwound the leash again. She
  picked up the blanket and shook it off with one hand as she led him by his
  leash over to the wagon. Vandrel spread it across the gate of the wagon and
  sat down and spread her legs wide. She looked so sexy that way and Jonah wanted
  to fuck her so bad. She pulled Jonah to her and pushed his face into her chest
  again. Jonah tried to reach his cock to her, but the wagon was just a little
  too high. He stood on his toes and was able to get his cock high enough to
  brush against her thigh, leaving a little wet trail of precum. Vandrel laughed
  and pushed on his head until he had to go down on his knees, making his face
  even with her crotch. 
Jonah wasn't as reluctant as with Helanda, but
  still was a little hesitant. When Vandrel commanded him to lick, though, he
  knew he had to do it or he would be punished. He started licking the way Helanda
  had showed him. Vandrel smelled and tasted different than Helanda had. Her
  scent was actually stronger, though less bitter and she was wetter. She also
  gave him instruction on what she wanted him to do and yanked on his leash,
  which he found rather painful, whenever he slowed down. It took Jonah quite
  a while, but eventually he brought her to an orgasm. Vandrel told him to stop
  and pulled him to his feet. He was glad she told him to stop after only one.
  His jaw was aching and he didn't know how much longer he could keep going. "That
  was okay," she said, "but you definitely need to learn to do much better." 
Jonah looked down sulkily. He felt bad that she
  didn't think it was very good when he thought he had worked so hard. 
"Don't worry," Vandrel laughed, "You'll get lots
  of practice. You'll get better soon. Tonight we'll have a lot more time. We
  need to get going now though. Are you ready, Helanda?" she called. 
"Just waiting for you," Helanda answered, stepping
  around from the front of the wagon and taking the leash from Vandrel. She picked
  Jonah up and set him in the wagon. She attached his arms to the rails again
  as he was before while Vandrel got dressed. Helanda gave him another drink
  of water. Jonah could still smell their juices strongly all over his face.
  He wished she would clean it off, but knew better than to ask. She fondled
  his cock and balls again for a while until he thought he was going to cum,
  but she seemed to know and stopped before he could. Jonah let out a frustrated
  moan. Helanda laughed and got back into the front of the wagon and they started
  off at a good pace. They wanted to make up some time since they had been stopped
  for a couple of hours. They still had at least four hours of daylight left
  before they would stop for the night. 
Jonah sat in the back uncomfortably again. Now
  the aching in his balls was his biggest concern. He thought he had been horny
  before, but he was so horny now it almost hurt. The pressure from the harness
  added to the aching. Jonah never had really had blue balls before, because
  he always masturbated whenever he got horny. Now he was starting to experience
  it and he didn't like it. He just kept alternating between trying to think
  of a way to get free (unsuccessfully) and trying not to think of how nice Vandrel's
  tits had felt against his face (also unsuccessfully).  
Chapter 3  
Jonah awoke when the wagon bumped over the shoulder
  of the road and then came to a halt. There were a few groggy moments when he
  yawned and blinked, not remembering where he was. He tried to stretch his aching
  arms and back and was surprised to find his arms secured. That woke him up
  and he remembered everything that had been going on. He was still in the back
  of the wagon. It was now nearly dark and they must have traveled at a steady
  pace for hours. Jonah was surprised he had dozed off, but he had been tired
  and the boredom had been getting to him. It was a small, little traveled road
  they were on and they had only passed a few other people all afternoon, mostly
  farm carts whose owners paid no attention to Jonah at all. Now they seemed
  to be in an even more remote area.  
Jonah wondered how far they had gone. They must
  have covered quite a few miles, probably fifty or more. He realized that unless
  Antonio could find out which way they had gone, it would be difficult for him
  to find them. The Amazons traveled at least as fast, and probably faster, than
  the gypsy wagons. The gypsies usually slept late, so the Amazons would have
  had a good head start on them. Antonio may not have even found out what was
  happening to Jonah until later in the day, if he knew at all. At least several
  people from the inn knew he had been taken, but would they tell Antonio even
  if he asked?  
Jonah knew that Antonio was very resourceful. He
  was also confident that Antonio wouldn't give up on him. Jonah and Antonio
  had become very close friends in the short time they had known each other.
  Jonah thought of Antonio as a big brother. Antonio would discover the truth
  and he would find a way to track them down, but Jonah had to face the fact
  that it may be some time before Antonio would be able to rescue him. For now
  Jonah was on his own. He either had to find a way to get free or get help from
  someone else. Jonah was still confident that he would be freed if he could
  just get to someone in authority. They would probably come to a town eventually
  and Jonah would be freed, but what then? He had no money, not even any clothes
  at the moment. How would he get back to the inn, let alone track down Antonio
  again if they had already left? The more time that went by, the harder it would
  be to find them. Jonah, feeling frustrated, struggled again with his restraints,
  but it was useless. Vandrel and Helanda started taking things out of the wagon
  and setting up camp, but for the time being ignored Jonah.  
After a while Helanda climbed back into the wagon
  and came to Jonah. She unclipped him from the rails and pulled him to his feet.
  He struggled a little when his hands were free, but she had no trouble holding
  him and quickly secured his hands to his collar. "Anxious for another spanking,
  slave? You'll get it soon enough for that," she said. She led him to the back
  of the wagon, picked him up easily, and handed him down to Vandrel who set
  him back on his feet. He could see there were blankets spread out again and
  a fire going already. She took hold of his leash and began leading him toward
  a stream that ran nearby. She led him fast and he was having trouble keeping
  up. His legs were still chained together a foot apart and there was underbrush
  tripping him up. The pressure on his balls from the leash was quite uncomfortable,
  and the jerks when he stumbled made him suck in his breath and have to struggle
  not to cry out.  
At the stream Vandrel had Jonah kneel down and
  she washed him with the cold water. She dried him with a towel then led him
  shivering back up to the blankets. They let him sit on the blanket and put
  another around his shoulders to warm him as they ate. This time he was able
  to use both hands to eat and he was sitting, so was more comfortable, though
  they had to hand him each thing since the chains attaching his hands to the
  collar were so short. Jonah ate in silence. By the time they finished it was
  dark.  
"Now, you have a spanking coming I believe." Helanda
  said standing over Jonah. Jonah cringed, but wisely remained silent and didn't
  struggle as she grabbed his hand and pulled him to his feet. Again she took
  his leash and wrapped it around an overhead branch. She held a paddle in her
  hand and walked slowly around Jonah as she had before, looking him up and down
  and making him squirm. Vandrel looked on, her eyes glittering amusedly in the
  firelight. Finally Helanda began to give the swats. She gave him twenty again,
  dragging them out slowly until Jonah was whimpering. "Are you going to behave
  next time?" she asked him.  
"Yes Mistress Helanda," Jonah gasped.  
"Good," Helanda said. She was pleased with Jonah's
  training so far. She began touching him lightly until she had him squirming
  for a new reason. It didn't take long before he was hard again. "Now its time
  for some fun." She reached over his head and unwrapped the leash, to Jonah's
  relief. She handed it to Vandrel and then Helanda began removing her pants.
  Jonah looked at his feet, ashamed. He knew what was coming next and dreaded
  it. She sat on the blanket and leaned back some on a big pillow, her legs spread
  wide. She beckoned him with her finger, a lewd smile on her face. Jonah hesitated
  just a little. He didn't want to do it, but knew he would get more punishment
  if he delayed. He knelt down and slowly crawled between Helanda's legs. It
  was even more humiliating to have to crawl between her thighs willingly. He
  found Helanda disgusting and he did not want to lick the big, wet, hairy snatch
  he was facing. Yet he also was disgusted with himself. Here he was, a grown
  man (or so he thought himself), kneeling to lick a large woman he wasn't even
  attracted to who was old enough to be his mother. All because he was afraid
  of being spanked.  
Jonah knew that he was going to do it though. He
  couldn't face another spanking right now and only hoped he could do a good
  enough job that she wouldn't spank him again after. He also was disgusted with
  himself for how badly he wanted to slide his cock into her slit rather than
  his tongue. He was so horny that right now even fucking Helanda appealed to
  him. Maybe if he pleased her well enough she would let him, or much better
  yet, he might get to fuck Vandrel. He tentatively stuck out his tongue and
  lightly began to lick Helanda's cunt. She wasted no time and grabbed him by
  the hair and pushed his face roughly into her and he began licking in earnest.  
He licked her for a long time. He closed his eyes
  and tried not to think about what he was doing. That didn't work too well,
  though. Helanda wasn't satisfied with the job he was doing and cracked his
  ass with the leather strap. Jonah tried harder. Eventually he heard her breath
  quicken and he ran his tongue hard in a circle on her clit. She came holding
  the back of his head, pushing him into her. When she was calming down Jonah
  slowed his licking, but didn't stop. She pushed on his head leading his tongue
  down to her lips. "Put your tongue deep inside me," she directed. Jonah stuck
  his tongue as far into her as he could. He licked up all the cum dripping out
  of her. Eventually he worked his way back up to her clit and after a while
  managed to make her cum again. She pushed his head away and said, "That's enough
  for now. You're learning, but you still have a long way to go. We'll have to
  be sure you get lots of practice." She helped him to his feet and gave him
  a drink of water. Jonah was glad for the break. His tongue and jaw were beginning
  to ache. He was also very glad that it didn't seem that Helanda would punish
  him further just yet. "Well, I guess it's your turn with him now," she said
  to Vandrel.  
Vandrel stood and approached Jonah. She stood very
  close to him, her breasts just a few inches from his face. Vandrel smiled down
  at him then slowly peeled off her shirt, exposing her beautiful breasts to
  him again. She just stood there letting him look, watching his reaction. Then
  she asked, "Do you still want to touch them?"  
"Oh yes, Mistress Vandrel," Jonah replied. He raised
  his hand and started to grab her left breast, but she backed away and at the
  same time rapped him in the balls with the back of her hand. Though she hadn't
  hit him hard, that sick feeling rose up from his groin to his stomach. He instinctively
  tried to use his hands to cover himself, but they jerked short on the chains
  to the collar.  
"I didn't tell you to touch them, I just asked
  if you wanted to. You just earned another punishment later," Vandrel said sternly. "Now
  let's try again. Do you want to touch them?"  
"Yes, Mistress Vandrel," Jonah said, this time
  holding still.  
"Better," Vandrel said and she pushed her tits
  against his face. Jonah enjoyed the feeling and waited. "You may touch me now." Jonah
  reached up tentatively and lightly touched her left breast. Vandrel sighed
  and pushed into his hand. Jonah reached his other hand up and grabbed her other
  breast. Vandrel watched Jonah's face as he touched her. It was obvious this
  was the first time he ever touched a woman's bosom, and he was getting very
  excited. She let him fumble with them for a while, to get a good feel however
  he wanted, but then she began to instruct him on how to touch them to arouse
  her. Vandrel taught him to lightly touch them teasingly at first, gradually
  grabbing harder. She taught him to touch the nipples at the right times and
  with the right pressure, occasionally sucking or biting lightly. She reached
  down and lightly stroked Jonah's cock, which was harder than ever. His breathing
  was getting quicker. He seemed to really be enjoying himself. She let him touch
  her until she was dripping wet, then she whispered in his ear, "I'm ready for
  you now," as she lightly held his cock. She saw the excitement in his eyes
  and knew he had misunderstood, just like she wanted him to. She sat down and
  leaned back on the pillows seductively, her legs spread wide.  
Jonah fell to his knees and crawled to Vandrel,
  hoping he was finally going to be allowed to fuck her and get to cum. He was
  so horny at this point he could think of nothing else. He crawled between her
  legs and then up her body until his hands were grabbing her breasts again. "Oh,
  you've got me so hot," Vandrel whispered in his ear. He positioned his crotch
  above hers and tried to line his cock up with her pussy. It was more difficult
  than he would have thought, especially without his hands to help guide him.
  He felt his cock brush across her bush and he backed up and got it up against
  her lips, feeling wetness. He started to push forward to try to enter her,
  but then he felt pressure on his balls. It was the leash and harness. Helanda
  had grabbed the leash and was pulling back. He tried to resist, he wanted to
  fuck Vandrel so badly, but the pressure soon got to be too much and he had
  to back away. Vandrel grabbed the top of his head and pushed it down to her
  crotch.  
Jonah groaned in frustration. He was so horny he
  didn't think he could stand it anymore. He knew what he had to do though and
  went to work on Vandrel's pussy with his mouth. He was not nearly so reluctant
  this time and was starting to get into it. He lay flat on the ground so that
  he could rub his cock against the blanket as he licked, but then Helanda pulled
  straight up on his leash so that he had to raise his rear way into the air.
  Both ladies laughed. Vandrel's thighs hid Jonah's blush. "None of that now.
  Pay attention to what you're doing," Vandrel said. Jonah had only paused a
  second in response to the ache in his balls, but immediately went back to licking.
  He kept it up for a long time and eventually Vandrel came. She pushed him away
  and said, "That's enough for now." His mouth was really tired so he was glad
  to stop.  
Vandrel sat back and rested. Helanda pulled Jonah
  onto his feet. After giving him a drink of water she began to touch Jonah all
  over. Her hand gently stroking his chest, then sliding down his stomach to
  cup his balls, making him squirm. Soon she had him very worked up and drooling
  precum. Then she took the leash and led him to an overhanging branch. Jonah
  knew what must be coming and Helanda laughed satisfied at the nervous expression
  on his face. Soon the leash was tied to the branch and Jonah waited helplessly
  to see what Helanda was going to do. Helanda sat beside Vandrel and the two
  of them just rested a little drinking some wine. Both were pleased with his
  progress. He had a long way to go, but was taking to the slave life well. He
  needed to improve his technique and endurance, but was off to a good start
  at pleasing them. After about 20 minutes Vandrel got to her feet and approached
  Jonah. "Now it is time for your punishment." She gave him twenty lashes as
  he tried his best to hold still so as not to tighten the leash.  
"I guess it's your turn with him again," Vandrel
  said to Helanda.  
Helanda removed all of her clothes this time before
  releasing the leash from the branch. Though he had already licked her pussy
  twice, this was the first time he saw her whole body naked. She definitely
  did not look as good to him as Vandrel, yet he still found himself erecting
  just from the sight of her. He was feeling so horny and the ache in his balls
  was more pronounced than before. His mouth was tired and he didn't know if
  he would be able to lick her again. Helanda had no doubt that he would though
  and didn't hesitate long before she had him on his knees before her. She didn't
  have him start licking right away, though. She said, "You can start on my tits
  first, slave," and she sat back down on the cushion." Jonah reluctantly went
  to work on her tits with his hands and mouth as he had for Vandrel earlier.
  Jonah didn't enjoy it as much, yet still grew hornier and hornier as he served
  her. When Helanda was ready she pushed his head down between her legs and he
  licked her again. He was tired, but tried his best and was able to go long
  enough to get her to cum. He hoped she would tell him to stop, but she did
  not say anything so he tried to keep going. He was really tired by the time
  he managed to bring her to another orgasm and he paused thinking she must be
  done this time. "Keep going, slave," she said sternly and he felt a lash from
  the strap she held in her hand. (Somehow she always seemed to have something
  at hand to punish him with.) Jonah stepped up his effort and somehow found
  the energy to keep going until he was able to give her another one. Finally,
  mercifully, she pushed his head away and said "Enough for now." She gave him
  several long drinks of water and Jonah was able to rinse the pubic hair from
  his mouth and felt a little better.  
His relief at being finished would be short-lived
  and he was dismayed to hear Vandrel immediately say "Good, it's finally my
  turn again." He really didn't think he could keep going this time and yet he
  still found his face between her legs licking again. He was going much more
  slowly and started to quit when he felt the strap again. They were able to
  keep him going by giving him lashes whenever he started slowing down and eventually
  he was able to make Vandrel cum 4 times before they let him rest again. His
  jaw was aching, his ass was burning, his balls were aching, and he was far
  hornier than he had ever been in his life. Exhausted he just wanted to go to
  sleep and he couldn't believe it when after another drink Vandrel said, "Okay,
  it's your turn again." Jonah groaned aloud, which just earned him another couple
  of lashes.  
Helanda didn't really even want him to lick her
  anymore, she felt very satisfied. However, the slave was going to need to increase
  his endurance way beyond what it was now, so it would be necessary for them
  to have him lick them many times each day. She was just going to have to let
  him do it again. If he had difficulty pleasing Vandrel the last time, then
  pleasing Helanda this time was pure torment. He could hardly keep going, yet
  he had the strap as a regular reminder that he couldn't stop. He didn't know
  how he did it, but managed to keep going until he had satisfied her yet again.
  He was actually crying, but not surprised when after a drink he looked up to
  see Vandrel beckoning him with her finger. So without even a short rest he
  was back to licking her pussy again. Finally after satisfying her a last time
  and being spanked nearly continuously throughout they were ready to go to sleep
  for the night.  
Jonah slept between them, his wrists still attached
  to his collar. He was warned to stay still and not so much as stand up without
  permission. The leash still attached to his harness was in Helanda's hand even
  as she slept and he didn't have much hope of getting away in the night. He
  awoke a couple of times with his cock hard and tried rubbing it against the
  blankets. Helanda proved to be a very light sleeper and each time caught him
  at it and yanked the leash telling him to stop. He eventually passed the night
  ending his first day as a slave.  
After a long and not especially restful night Jonah
  was awakened by Helanda grabbing his balls. She played with them until he was
  awake and also erect and very aroused. Once he began moving his hips and breathing
  heavier she pulled him to his feet. He stood there blinking groggily in the
  first morning light. It took him less time to remember his situation. Jonah
  felt even hornier than the day before and wanted so much to stroke his cock
  like he usually did when he first awoke. He automatically tried to reach his
  hand down toward his crotch, but his hand stopped well short because of the
  chain. He heard Vandrel giggle at this and saw her nearby packing something
  into the wagon. Helanda led him over to her and handed her the leash before
  going back to roll up the blankets they had slept on. Vandrel grabbed Jonah's
  hard cock and stroked him lightly before reaching down to fondle his balls,
  which soon had him writhing. Then with a smile she lifted him into the wagon
  and climbed in after him. Soon she had him restrained again as he had been
  the day before. He was given some water, but apparently they wouldn't be eating
  until later. They were on the way shortly and Jonah was left with his thoughts
  as he watched the road receding.  
The seriousness of Jonah's situation was really
  beginning to sink in. He was beginning his second day as Helanda and Vandrel's
  slave. They had gotten another early start and he supposed they would cover
  a lot of ground again today. He tried to hold onto some hope that Antonio was
  following and would be able to catch up and help him. Jonah's balls were really
  beginning to ache now from frustration and the added pressure from the leash
  just made it worse. He wanted to cum so badly. He had never been teased like
  this and not been able to jerk off and relieve himself. He wondered when he
  would get his chance to fuck. He was unable to keep his mind from sexual thoughts
  for long. He was so horny. Jonah squirmed in his bonds, getting what stimulation
  he could from his cock rubbing against his legs, but he was unable to get enough
  to cum. It seemed a very long morning to him before they stopped for a break
  before midday. It went much as the noon meal had the day before, though they
  were more sparing with the food and they did not have Jonah pleasure them.
  This allowed them to get back on the road much quicker.  
Jonah was surprised when they did not put him into
  the back of the wagon as before. Instead Vandrel lifted him into the front
  seat as Helanda climbed in from the other side. He thought it would be much
  better to sit between them as they traveled than to be restrained in the back.
  But then Helanda began untying strings on her pants. Jonah wondered what she
  was doing, but then saw that the crotch part of her pants was removable. Her
  pussy was now revealed and accessible. He began to realize why he was getting
  to ride up front as he looked over at Vandrel who was also removing her pants
  and underwear and putting on a skirt. She climbed into the seat on Jonah's
  side. Helanda guided him down onto the floor between her legs. Jonah started
  licking her pussy. He was resigned to having to do it so he hesitated less.
  He was able to use his hands too, since they were still secured by the short
  chain to his collar from lunch. That made it a little easier, but the bumping
  of the wagon was tricky. It was hard to keep his balance and often Jonah's
  face slammed into Helanda's crotch, not that she minded. He was beginning to
  get better and before too long had Helanda moaning. When she was through he
  switched places and was between Vandrel's thighs. She lifted her skirt high
  and he buried his face into her pussy. They spent the rest of the day traveling
  like that. Jonah was allowed brief rests and sips of water, but spent much
  of the time licking one or the other. At times they didn't even seem interested,
  yet if he tried to stop they would order him to continue. They were building
  his stamina.  
They set up camp late in near darkness then had
  supper sitting by the fire. They drank wine with the meal and even let Jonah
  have some. Vandrel got out a sort of flute and began playing music as Helanda
  beat time on her leg. Then they told Jonah to dance for them. Helanda freed
  his hands, but his feet still had the length of chain and she held to his leash.
  Jonah tried to protest that he couldn't dance, he didn't know how. They told
  him he had to dance or he would be punished. Jonah tried to dance, really not
  knowing what to do. Both women laughed at him, but told him to keep going when
  he tried to stop. Jonah thought he would die from embarrassment, in fact he
  wished he would. Helanda got up and started showing Jonah how she wanted him
  to dance. They wanted him to dance sexy, like the dancing girls Jonah had seen
  a few times before. Jonah tried but he wasn't very graceful. He couldn't stop
  blushing and kept his eyes on the ground as they laughed at him. They would
  beckon him closer with a finger then pinch or grope him when he got close enough.
  They also gave him more drinks of wine. It felt good for him to get to move
  freely. He was very stiff from being restrained one way or another most of
  the past 2 days. Jonah started to loosen up some and his dancing got a little
  freer, though he still felt foolish. They kept touching him, keeping him very
  aroused, but not allowing him to touch himself.  
Eventually Helanda pulled Jonah to her and ordered
  him to lick her again. After Jonah had made her cum twice Helanda lay down
  and seemed to be going to sleep. Vandrel pulled Jonah to her. She embraced
  him, pressing his face into her breasts as she cupped his buttocks. Jonah put
  his arms around her and tentatively began to grope at her. She didn't discourage
  him so he freely grabbed her ass with one hand and a tit with the other. As
  they touched each other and rubbed against each other Jonah felt his lust building
  from the friction of his cock against the fabric of her skirt. She pushed him
  back and put the end of the leash on the ground and stood on it. Then she slowly
  removed her shirt. Jonah was so aroused he touched his cock briefly. Vandrel
  made a face at him and said "None of that!" She got the chains and attached
  his hands to his collar again. As she did so her bare breasts rubbed against
  him, further arousing him. Then she pushed him down onto the blanket beside
  Helanda. Jonah lay on his back and Vandrel straddled him. She was bare-breasted
  but still wore the skirt. She sat right over his cock. He was not inside her
  but could feel her hair on his cock head and a wet warmth at the base of his
  cock. He had never been so horny and close to cumming. She watched his face
  as she sat there completely still. He wasn't quite able to cum, but he was
  so close.  
"Please&hellip;" Jonah begged. He was afraid she
  might punish him for speaking, but he was desperate. She just looked at him
  questioningly. He didn't know how to continue. He was embarrassed and he didn't
  know how to confess his need to cum to her. "I want you so bad," he ended up
  saying. Vandrel just laughed and got off of Jonah who groaned. Vandrel led
  him to the wagon. The gate was open and she sat on it like she had the day
  before pushing Jonah to his knees right between her thighs. He couldn't reach
  a hand down to touch himself and there was nothing to rub against except Vandrel's
  legs, though mostly she kept them out of reach. So his hard cock bobbed in
  the air as he licked Vandrel to several orgasms in a row. She seemed especially
  aroused and made him go on for a long time. He was really tired by the time
  she finally was satisfied and they went to sleep. She made him sleep on his
  back between them with a light blanket over them. When he fidgeted too much
  he was smacked and warned of whippings in the morning so he was unable to get
  very comfortable rest or relieve the growing ache in his balls. So ended another
  day for Jonah in slavery.  
Jonah awoke hornier than he ever would have thought
  possible. He had last masturbated in the late morning on the day before he
  awoke as a slave. He had masturbated twice that morning yet he had already
  been horny again by the time he watched Melinda dance that evening. Now it
  had been nearly 3 days, which was longer than Jonah had ever waited since he
  first started to masturbate. All the sexual activity from the past 2 days had
  him desperate to cum. His cock was hard as a rock when Helanda ordered him
  to get up. She laughed and lightly slapped his shaft when he stood naked before
  her. "All ready for another day I see," she said. They prepared to leave camp
  and Helanda lifted Jonah into the back of the wagon again. She was beginning
  to secure his arms as on the previous days when Vandrel interrupted.  
"I'm feeling kind of tired today. I think I'll
  lie in back and try to nap this morning. I'll keep his leash, he won't be going
  anywhere."  
"Very well." Helanda answered and she reattached
  his hands to the collar. She wasn't surprised Vandrel was tired considering
  how long she had stayed up the night before playing with the slave.  
Helanda climbed over into the front of the wagon
  as Vandrel curled up next to Jonah. She lay on a large pillow and a blanket,
  but Jonah sat on the hard wood, his back propped against the wagon. Vandrel
  was stretched out comfortably on her side, her head resting on Jonah's chest.
  He felt the weight of her heavy breasts resting on his stomach. He felt so
  aroused he could hardly stand it. It felt very nice to have her so close to
  him, yet so frustrating as well. The wagon started off down the road. He tried
  to keep still and relax hoping he could fall asleep himself. However, Vandrel
  really had no intention of sleeping. She was having fun with the slave. She
  knew he was getting very horny and she wanted to push him even farther. She
  started touching his smooth chest with her fingertips, making circles around
  his nipples but not quite touching them. Then she slowly traced down his stomach
  toward his cock, but not quite reaching it before going back up to lightly
  brush a nipple. Jonah gasped and squirmed. "Be still," Vandrel ordered. She
  went back to rubbing his chest usually avoiding his nipples, but giving them
  an occasional tweak.  
After a while of this she began inching down toward
  his cock again. This time when she got close enough to barely brush his head
  before going around his genitals to stroke his thighs Jonah groaned and said "Please&hellip;"  
Vandrel said, "Now I told you to be still. You
  just earned a punishment. You had better keep quiet if you know what's good
  for you." She went back to touching him oh so lightly all over, except she
  avoided his cock and balls. She watched his reactions closely and enjoyed teasing
  him so much that soon she was feeling horny again. She decided to let it build
  and she would use him to please her in the afternoon. She gradually increased
  the attention she paid to his nipples, pinching and twisting them. After a
  short time of this treatment Jonah began to ooze precum from his cock. Vandrel
  noticed and took out a handkerchief, which she used to slowly and gently wipe
  off his cock head. Jonah tried to keep still but couldn't help trying to move
  his hips and moaning. Vandrel just smiled and went back to touching his chest
  and thighs. She kept it up all morning. The only times she touched his cock
  was to wipe off the precum that leaked out. A few times she would stop moving
  her hands and Jonah would think she had finally gone to sleep, but after a
  while she would start up again.  
Vandrel continued teasing Jonah all through the
  morning until they finally stopped for lunch some 5 hours later. By this time
  Jonah was really in a state. He had thought he was as horny as he could be
  in the morning before they set out. Now he was way beyond that point. He was
  so desperate to cum he couldn't think straight. He hated and loved what Vandrel
  was doing to him and he wanted to fuck her more than he had ever wanted anything
  in his life. Jonah would have given anything just to get to jerk off though.
  When they pulled him to his feet he groaned and was walking funny his balls
  ached so badly. Both women just laughed at him. Helanda spread out the blanket
  and began getting lunch ready. Vandrel still held Jonah's leash and was looking
  him up and down. "Aren't you going to eat?" Helanda asked her.  
"Not yet, you go ahead," she answered, "I've got
  something else I want to do right now." She looked at Jonah lustfully. She
  sat down on the gate of the wagon and spread her legs, leaning back some. "Get
  to work, slave," she said to Jonah. Helanda shrugged and began eating her lunch
  as Jonah got on his knees between Vandrel's thighs. He cried tears of frustration
  at how unfair it was he had to keep pleasuring her when he was so horny himself,
  yet any complaint from him only got him more punishment. Vandrel didn't even
  notice though, she was just intent on getting her own orgasm. Teasing Jonah
  this morning had gotten her so hot. She loved seeing that look of frustration
  on his face and wondered how it must feel to be treated that way. It must be
  hell, but she had been raised to know that that was just what weak men like
  him deserved. She smiled as she enjoyed Jonah's tongue on her clit. She always
  loved teasing slaves, she didn't really know why she enjoyed it so much, but
  it made her feel sexy. It was so much fun with Jonah. She hadn't teased such
  a young man before. He got close to cumming so fast they really had to be careful
  with him. His desire showed so much on his face and with his actions. He hadn't
  figured out that it just encouraged her&hellip; and with only Helanda to share
  him with she could spend all the time she wanted with him. She sighed as she
  came the first of several times before she allowed him to stop for lunch. She
  felt very satisfied as she attached the slave's leash to a nearby tree.  
Helanda had finished her lunch and handed some
  bread to Jonah telling him to eat quickly. Vandrel sat on the blanket and started
  eating her own lunch. When Jonah had finished the fruit he was given, Vandrel
  said absentmindedly, "Oh, he has a punishment coming, do you want to do it?"  
"Alright," Helanda answered taking the now familiar
  strap from her belt. Jonah cringed, but was unable to avoid Helanda's strokes.
  She gave him a stern spanking as Vandrel began packing up. Then she fondled
  his balls, not too gently before leading him quickly back to the wagon. He
  limped along trying to keep up. He sat up front as on the day before and he
  knew what would be coming before Helanda removed her crotch-piece. "It's about
  time you gave me some attention," she told him.  
"You can use him the rest of the day if you want," Vandrel
  said, "I wasn't meaning to be selfish."  
Jonah spent the afternoon pleasuring Helanda. When
  he was resting she kept him between her thighs. He eventually tired but Helanda
  told him he had to keep going or he would be punished again. Jonah tried and
  though he licked her for a long time and knew she had cum several times she
  still wasn't satisfied with his performance. When they stopped for the day
  she gave him another sound whipping. After eating supper they made him dance
  for their amusement again, though went to sleep earlier. They were all tired.  
The days went on like this. They were in a remote
  area and they seldom saw anyone as they traveled. Jonah pleasured both women
  often and was getting better at it. His stamina had improved, but it never
  seemed to be enough to satisfy them. He was always horny, the aching in his
  balls was worse sometimes than others, but never completely went away. They
  continued to tease him as well, especially Vandrel. Neither woman touched his
  cock much if he was erect, but if either noticed Jonah wasn't hard, they would
  play with him until he was. He was punished now and then, but it became less
  often as he tried to do what was expected of him. By the time the sixth day
  had past he was very depressed. Jonah was beginning to fear he was never going
  to get away. Where were they taking him? They had traveled a long way and he
  no longer had much hope anyone would be following. He only hoped to get to
  a town where he could find someone to help him.  
Chapter 4   
 The light was dim and smoky, flickering across Melinda's body as she danced.
  Jonah watched fascinated as she bent and swayed seductively, a pouty look on
  her face. She slowly removed her shirt yet kept it strategically placed in
  her hands so that Jonah could not quite see her breasts. Her head was bent
  low, but her smoldering eyes looked up into his as she came closer, lowering
  the shirt as she neared until he could see her perfect breasts. Melinda smiled
  shyly at him and he reached for her trying to put an arm around her shoulder.
  She pulled away from him and began dancing again.  
The scene changed strangely. Jonah found himself
  to be naked sitting on a stool. Melinda was now totally naked as well, still
  dancing for him but more wildly than before, the red firelight playing over
  her beautiful curves. Jonah's cock grew incredibly hard. Melinda began stroking
  herself suggestively, looking Jonah up and down and coming closer. She came
  into Jonah's arms and he began touching her soft flesh. She nibbled on his
  ear then grasped his cock and held it lightly. He was so horny he felt he was
  going to explode. The first spasm of his ejaculation was beginning when Melinda
  pushed back a little. She looked to her right smiling and gesturing for him
  to look that way with her eyes. Jonah looked and saw Vandrel and Helanda standing
  nearby looking at him sternly. Then his long built up orgasm sprayed from his
  cock. It gushed in five huge spurts before slowing down to a twitching trickle.
  He could hear Melinda's girlish laughter.  
 Jonah passed from his wonderful dream to a waking nightmare. Of course he
  had been dreaming, unfortunately the only real part of the dream had been the
  orgasm, which felt so great after his past week of teasing. His pleasure would
  be short lived as the wetness immediately awakened Helanda who quickly realized
  what had happened. She was furious and cursed at him in a language he didn't
  understand. She grabbed his balls in a crushing grip that soon had him whimpering
  in pain. She woke Vandrel and explained what had happened. Vandrel angrily
  grabbed Jonah and led him to the wagon. His hands were still attached to his
  collar by short chains, as they normally kept them when he slept. She tied
  his leash to the rail of the wagon and she climbed in back groggily. She rummaged
  in a box and returned with a long wooden rod with a D-ring at each end. Jonah
  was momentarily afraid she was going to beat him with it or something, but
  she leaned down and attached it to his ankles in place of the chain. His legs
  were now spread out as far as they would reach and he couldn't close them.
  Vandrel brought down a crate, dropped a blanket on it and pushed Jonah face
  down across it. His butt was sticking in the air, his legs spread helplessly.  
By then Helanda had wiped up the mess and had found
  what she wanted to start delivering Jonah's punishment. It was a sort of paddle,
  specially made by Amazons and used for slave training. Almost every Amazon
  woman had used one on a slave. It was simply and playfully referred to as the
  nut-whacking stick. At the business end it was indented, rather like a spoon,
  though that end was heavier and covered with padded leather. Also there was
  a clapper on the back that made a nasty sound and added to the sting. Though
  it must be painful (slaves certainly never wanted that punishment) it didn't
  do any permanent damage if used properly and left the slave with the intended
  aching in his balls. It was the regular punishment for slaves caught having
  unauthorized orgasms. Since it was very rare for an Amazon to ever give permission
  for a slave to cum they were punished for almost every orgasm, even if an Amazon
  caused it to happen.  
Normally Amazons tried to keep slave orgasms to
  a minimum. There could be exceptions though. A young Amazon may make a slave
  cum just out of curiosity. Vandrel had done that herself before realizing how
  much more fun it was to keep them horny. Sometimes an Amazon would make a slave
  cum just for the fun of punishing him afterwards. Helanda had even been to
  an inn several times where they had an especially horny slave that they made
  orgasm as much as possible. They had a policy that every patron who could make
  the slave cum won a free drink and got to give the slave ten whacks with the
  nut-whacking stick. When the inn was really busy women would be working on
  him all night, stroking him, sometimes sucking him or teasing him with their
  bodies. Each time that he came they would ring the bell and the women would
  hold him down while the winner gave him the ten whacks while everyone laughed
  and cheered. Then they would start right in on him again and usually within
  minutes his cock would start to get hard again. They could usually make him
  cum at least five times a night and sometimes more, though it would be small
  amounts by then. That slave had been taking at least fifty whacks a day for
  years and the last time she saw him he was still about as horny as ever and
  he still begged and pleaded for mercy from the nut-whacker.  
From the way Jonah responded to the light lashings
  they have been giving him Helanda knew he was going to absolutely hate this.
  Ten or fifteen whacks were a pretty standard punishment for that offense, but
  Helanda wanted Jonah to suffer more than that. She was determined to keep him
  frustrated, never allowing him to cum and she wanted to be sure he was punished
  soundly when he did. She decided twenty-five whacks should be his minimum punishment.
  It was deliciously cruel. She would continue to use as light a punishment as
  she could for minor mistakes, but she would show no mercy for this offense.
  Helanda showed him the stick and Jonah looked frightened already though he
  couldn't have seen one before. She didn't give him long to contemplate. "Count," she
  said simply. Helanda swung the stick with a sharp stroke perfectly aimed at
  his exposed testicles. It made the satisfying thump slap sound. Jonah let out
  a wail and thrashed around, pulling at his binds but he was helpless. "Count," she
  repeated punctuated by another whack.  
Jonah wailed again and managed to croak "Two."  
Whack "Start again." Helanda said.  
"One!" Jonah cried and Helanda continued. By the
  time the count reached five Jonah was crying freely and begging between counts.
  As he neared ten he was struggling wildly then when it was past he calmed some
  trying to accept it. After fifteen had passed he began struggling more than
  ever. By the time he had past twenty it seemed the torment would never end
  and he was moaning and weak. When she stopped at twenty-five he was relieved
  for a moment, but the ache was still growing and spreading from his groin into
  his abdomen. The sensation was worse than anything he had ever felt. It was
  way worse than the severe blue balls he had been getting. Jonah started crying
  anew when Helanda said that now it was Vandrel's turn. He didn't think he could
  take any more, though as he was always finding out he could&hellip; because
  he had no choice.  
 "Let's give him a few minutes first," Vandrel said. She began lightly fondling
  Jonah's aching balls. She gradually increased her pressure until she was massaging
  them fairly firmly. Every touch seemed to renew the pain in his balls and her
  massaging just kept the ache growing and spreading, and yet Jonah's cock began
  to get hard again. Jonah squirmed and writhed but could not escape the sensations
  of Vandrel's soft but cruel touch. She kept this up for at least ten minutes,
  though Jonah was in no state to discriminate time. Finally the edge of the
  pain seemed to subside and merge more with his arousal. Vandrel started stroking
  his cock until he started to gasp. He was already near to another orgasm. "OK,
  I'm ready now," Vandrel announced. Without further delay or instruction she
  stood and whacked his balls soundly. Jonah cried out, but forgot to count until
  the second stroke. He began counting miserably as Vandrel steadily delivered
  twenty-five sound strokes. When she finally stopped Jonah gasped in relief
  sobbing and exhausted. Vandrel let him relax, and then delivered five more
  very fast whacks to his balls. "Those last five were for waking me up, now
  hopefully we can get some sleep," she hissed.  
 Helanda removed the spreader and they lay back down to sleep. Jonah had
  a hard time keeping still. His balls ached worse than ever and he couldn't
  get comfortable. He occasionally let out a low moan or sob. Helanda warned
  him, but when he failed to settle she told him he would be punished again in
  the morning for not being still. Finally Helanda and Vandrel managed to fall
  asleep. Jonah lay awake, miserable, for most of the night. He couldn't believe
  he was being treated this way. It wasn't fair. He couldn't help having a wet
  dream, especially after being teased and not allowed a chance to cum all week.  
Jonah just had to get away from them somehow. He
  couldn't take being beaten that way and he was afraid of worse treatment in
  the future. He tried to think of a way to get free, but he didn't know how.
  Jonah didn't think he could manage to overpower them. He couldn't outrun them
  when they had the chain between his ankles. Maybe sometime he could make a
  break for it if they took them off. He may be able to slowly sneak off if they
  weren't paying attention, but hadn't seen any opportunity for that yet. Jonah
  was too afraid of what would happen to him if he were caught. He would just
  have to keep waiting for someone to help him. They would have to get to a town
  or something eventually and someone in authority could surely make them release
  him. Finally he fell into the blissful emptiness of sleep.  
 Melinda awoke from her dream smiling and pleasantly aroused. She sighed
  and began touching herself softly. It had seemed so real. She had danced for
  Jonah as the two Amazons looked on. She thought of the look of desperation
  and desire on his face as her fingers began circling her clit&hellip;so real&hellip;she
  thought again. Her first orgasm built quickly and soon she was moaning as she
  pleasured herself. It felt so nice. She had been really horny since that night
  Jonah had been sold to the Amazons and often fantasized about it.  
It was too bad Antonio had left. He had slipped
  off after a couple of days without even saying goodbye. Not a big surprise
  but Melinda still felt a little hurt. Oh well, he had left her with some nice
  memories and a lot of fantasy in her head. She wondered if she would see him
  again. If he should happen to pass through she knew she would gladly let him
  back into her bed, but there would never be anything more than that between
  them. She hoped she would see him, but if not so be it. There were other men.
  She had already let two other guys fuck her this week alone. She just couldn't
  seem to get enough. She hadn't even charged them she had felt so horny.  
Her thoughts drifted back to Jonah. Maybe she would
  see him again, too. She was surprised that the thought of seeing Jonah mattered
  more to her than seeing Antonio. She had only spent a short time with Jonah
  and yet she couldn't stop thinking about him. Somehow there seemed to be a
  strange connection between them. Melinda didn't know why but she felt sure
  in her heart that she would see Jonah again. Maybe it was just wishful thinking&hellip; not
  wanting to let go of the fantasies that had filled her with lust since that
  night. She did want so badly to know more about what was happening to him.
  Yet it seemed like something more than that. It felt like&hellip; fate. They
  were meant to see each other again. Melinda shook her head. She was being silly.
  She didn't believe such nonsense. Still, she couldn't shake the feeling.  
Sometimes Melinda felt a little guilty for her
  part in all of it, though she had done nothing wrong. She didn't know Jonah
  had been tricked. She could have tried to help him when she did find out, but
  that would have meant getting Antonio into trouble and she didn't want that.
  Melinda felt sort of sorry for Jonah, knowing he was going to go through a
  long unpleasant ordeal. Yet when she began to imagine details of how he must
  be being treated she found herself getting wet. She would wonder were they
  really making him lick their pussies over and over, teasing him mercilessly
  but not letting him cum? Did they punish him? As Melinda imagined these scenarios
  she would get so aroused and forget her guilt. She would start to take a delicious
  evil glee in the fact that it was really happening to him. She had even asked
  some travelers about Amazon ways and they had confirmed to her that they had
  heard of Amazon women owning such slaves who were treated in the way that Antonio
  had described to her. Melinda had wanted to hear more but all her questions
  of Amazon women and slaves got her some odd looks and raised eyebrows.  
 She thought again of her dream. Dancing for Jonah, touching his cock as
  the Amazons looked on. Melinda's fingers increased speed, stroking her slick
  dripping pussy. She thought it might be fun to tease herself and stop before
  cumming again to give herself a little taste of the teasing Jonah was experiencing.
  She couldn't do it though. Remembering the vivid dream she quickly reached
  her second orgasm. Panting she told herself she would stop after one more,
  then a little later after five. She was moaning loudly as she came again and
  again. A little over an hour later she made herself get out of bed. The sheets
  were soaked and she could smell herself. It was still dark. She threw a sheer
  robe over her otherwise naked form and stumbled out into the hall carrying
  a candle. As she passed the door to the room next to her it opened and a middle
  aged man staying at the inn poked his head out. "Think you could keep it down
  over there you crazy, horny slut!" he hissed at her.  
 Melinda was shocked and embarrassed. She could barely see into the room
  through the partially open door. A woman, maybe his wife, maybe not, was lying
  in bed looking annoyed. "Sorry," Melinda said and quickly continued down the
  hall. What was wrong with her today? She still felt horny. It must have been
  the dream. It would pass.  
 But that was just the start of the dreams.  
Chapter 5  
 Jonah was awakened by the feeling of a strong hand grasping his balls. Though
  the pain had diminished they were still very sensitive. He tried to get away
  from her touch, but he could not. Helanda played with them a few moments until
  Jonah was completely awake. "How are your little balls feeling?" she asked
  playfully as she squeezed even a little harder.  
 "They still hurt, Mistress Helanda." Jonah answered.  
 "Good!" Helanda said swatting at his balls with her hand a few times. Jonah
  sucked in his breath. He just wanted his torment to end. He wanted so much
  to get back to his old life traveling with Antonio, or even his old life on
  the farm. He had hated it so much there and wanted to get away so badly, but
  now he would give about anything to go back rather than have to endure the
  treatment he got from the Amazons. Helanda rose chuckling to herself. She seemed
  to be in a very good mood. Jonah glared at her back. He hated her so much right
  now. He heard a cough and looked over at Vandrel standing at the edge of the
  blanket watching him. He thought of the anger and cruelty she had displayed
  last night and he was nervous as she approached him. Vandrel helped him to
  his feet. She removed his cuffs from the chain to his collar only to fasten
  them together behind his back. As she did she pressed her body against Jonah
  and he enjoyed the feelings even as he tried to hate her. He tried to focus
  on the fact that she was his enemy as she caressed him and pressed her cheek
  to his. He began responding as he always did when she was close to him despite
  himself. She seemed so gentle and tender now.  
 "Poor slave," Vandrel cooed, "does it really hurt so much?" She bent down
  on one knee to examine his genitals. "Hmm, they seem a little swollen and blue,
  but there doesn't seem to be any harm done. Your cock sure still seems eager
  for action." By now he had grown completely hard. His orgasm hadn't done much
  to lessen his desire for sex or to masturbate and his balls ached as much as
  before he got to cum. "Sorry we had to do that to you, but you know you need
  to learn to control yourself. That was such a nasty thing you did&hellip; squirting
  all over like that and waking us up. Shame on you."  
 "I couldn't help it." Jonah said softly.  
 "Aww&hellip; well you had better learn to," Vandrel said. "If it happens
  again you will be punished. Don't you know that men are meant to do that inside
  a woman? That is what a dick is for. A man puts it inside a woman and slides
  it in and out until he cums. That's how babies are made," she explained as
  if Jonah had never heard of this before. "Oh, I know you've never gotten to
  do that but you still shouldn't squirt for no reason. A male should only cum
  inside a woman, otherwise it is just a waste and we won't allow it." Vandrel's
  voice softened and she drew closer to his ear as she continued, "Wouldn't you
  rather cum inside a woman? It would feel so much better you know. I think you
  have a really nice cock." She began stroking him softly and he grew even harder
  in her hand. "It gets so hard. I'm sure you could fuck really well&hellip; I've
  thought about it you know. I've wanted to throw you down and ride you since
  the first time I saw you. You're so cute."  
Jonah blushed. Vandrel could see Jonah was responding
  to her flattery and hope was growing in his face. He no longer seemed so sullen. "But
  we have to be careful. Helanda wouldn't approve. But if you behave and do a
  good job, maybe I can convince her to let me have some time alone with you.
  We could have such a good time." By now Jonah was very worked up and excited
  from the prospect of getting to fuck Vandrel sometime. He only wished it could
  be right now. Yet she had given him hope that it would happen soon. Vandrel
  was still holding his cock and Jonah was moving his hips lewdly. He was so
  used to being naked and aroused around them that he didn't even stop when he
  heard Helanda laughing at him.  
 Vandrel released his cock and Jonah groaned. "You've got me really hot thinking
  about that, you'll be riding up with me first today," she whispered into his
  ear. Helanda came back over and Vandrel pushed Jonah back and began packing
  the last of the gear. After a quick bite they were on the road and Jonah was
  busy licking Vandrel. He was getting better and seemed more motivated. Vandrel
  was pleased with the job he did licking her pussy. Her little conversation
  had accomplished exactly what she had wanted. Jonah thought he might get to
  fuck her if he did well enough so he was trying harder and seemed less depressed.
  He also was getting even hornier imagining getting to have sex with her. It
  was an ego boost for her. She could tell he wanted her and Vandrel liked to
  be desired. It also had her turned on as well. Not imagining having sex like
  she told Jonah, but letting him believe he was going to get to when that was
  never going to happen. It was fun leading him on. He would surely realize eventually
  that she was just playing with him, but he didn't really seem to have figured
  it out yet. She tried to think of ways to keep teasing him as he licked her
  to several orgasms. Vandrel was moaning louder than Jonah had ever heard her
  when he licked her. He could tell from the start that she really was incredibly
  turned on. He thought it meant that she was telling the truth about fantasizing
  about fucking him. He had come to enjoy licking Vandrel's pussy and felt a
  sense of accomplishment for being able to get her off so well. This is the
  best he's done yet, she thought when she was finally ready for a break.  
 Of course Jonah didn't get a break. As soon as Vandrel pushed his head away
  smiling at him Helanda grabbed him by the hair and dragged him over between
  her thighs. He didn't even get a drink this time. She roughly pushed his face
  into her crotch and Jonah struggled to satisfy her. He had given his all with
  Vandrel trying to give her the best experience he could as he imagined fucking
  her someday. His mouth was tired and he was having a hard time pleasing a very
  demanding Helanda. She berated him for his laziness and got the strap out quickly
  to keep him going.  
Helanda was also especially horny today. In her
  mind she kept replaying spanking Jonah's balls the night before. Helanda was
  almost glad it had happened so she had the excuse to use the nut-whacking stick
  on him. She had enjoyed his squeals and pleading. She looked forward to getting
  to punish him again. Though he was doing a pretty good job really, especially
  with how tired she could tell he was, she decided she would punish him for
  not doing well enough anyway. Vandrel was always babying him and he needed
  a stern hand. Helanda started swatting him as she enjoyed an intense orgasm
  listening to his yelps of pain. Jonah managed to step up his efforts. He responded
  well to the strap and his technique had improved quite a bit.  
Helanda was actually impressed with how well Jonah
  was sucking her off; he was becoming an excellent slave. Yet she didn't like
  the way he was still so reluctant to lick her. She had noticed how eagerly
  he dove right into Vandrel's snatch. Vandrel didn't have to spank him as often
  to keep him performing well. He needed to learn to suck whoever he was told
  to with equal enthusiasm. He's just a slave and he couldn't go around thinking
  he'll lick this pussy but he's too good to lick that pussy. Helanda would definitely
  need to teach him some manners. She thought about what she would do with him
  when they stopped for the day and her wicked ideas led her into another orgasm.
  Helanda clamped her thighs tightly around his head as she came, Jonah's nose
  buried in her pussy, bouncing around as they passed over an especially rough
  patch of road. When she unclasped her thighs Jonah gasped for air and tried
  to pull away. Helanda grabbed his head saying, "What do you think you're doing.
  I didn't say to stop."  
 "I'm sorry, I needed to catch my breath." Jonah gasped.  
 "Talking back, too. You're forgetting your place, slave," Helanda said sternly. "You
  aren't ready for a break. You've only made me cum two times. Vandrel came at
  least twice that many times and I expect you to do just as good a job with
  me." Jonah went back to licking Helanda's cunt, lapping up her dripping cum
  like he knew she would want before he should go back to her clit. "You've already
  earned a double punishment tonight so I suggest you get busy and lick me right
  you slut." Jonah groaned dreading the punishment already, as if he hadn't had
  enough with the ball spanking last night. "You had better make me cum a lot
  more or else you'll get even worse." Helanda sat back and let Jonah work on
  her pussy. He was doing even better and she was loving it. A firm hand&hellip; that's
  what this one needs.  
 Jonah struggled to satisfy Helanda. He had been proud of the way he had
  done Vandrel, but this wasn't going well. It wasn't fair. He was doing his
  best and he could tell Helanda was really getting off and yet she was going
  to punish him anyway. He looked up at Vandrel hoping for sympathy, but she
  was driving the horses seeming completely disinterested. He tried to push everything
  out of his mind and concentrate on pleasing Helanda. The day passed slowly.
  They stopped for a brief lunch. He spent the afternoon in the back of the wagon
  since Helanda said he was useless today anyway. He was glad for the rest but
  was very afraid of what Helanda would do to him She was very impatient and
  sharp with him today. He guessed it was because of his orgasm last night. He
  finally dozed off for an hour or so and had a pleasant dream.  
Jonah awoke later feeling oh so horny. The sun
  was low in the sky. When the wagon stopped he was very apprehensive. After
  preparing the camp Helanda climbed into the wagon. She didn't release him right
  away, but rummaged around in the box Jonah had come to associate with trouble.
  The cock harness and restraints had come from there, then later the spreader
  bar. She pulled out something pretty small. Jonah let out his breath, but was
  still scared. Helanda removed the chain between his legs. Then she freed his
  hands as well and pulled him to his feet. She shoved him out the back of the
  wagon and he stumbled down not quite falling, luckily, since she still held
  the leash.  
This was the first time since Jonah had tried to
  run away that his hands and feet were completely free. He momentarily thought
  of trying to grab the leash from Helanda and running, but he couldn't chance
  it. Vandrel was too close as well and he wouldn't get three steps. Helanda
  half hoped he would try something, but she didn't think even he was that stupid.
  Helanda jumped down and grabbed Jonah by the arm and led him toward the blankets.
  As always they camped next to a tree with a sturdy branch low enough to tie
  him to. This time instead of tying the leash to the branch, Helanda pulled
  his arms over his head and fastened his wrists together above the branch. Then
  she bent down and removed the leash and the harness. Jonah was surprised by
  this and was worried about where this was heading. Vandrel watched with interest
  as if she were wondering as well. Helanda then held up the item she had gotten
  from the box. Vandrel nodded thinking oh, the ball weights and she smiled.
  Helanda began attaching the thing to Jonah's balls as he watched nervously.
  A soft leather strap was wrapped around his testicles stretching them down
  slightly. Jonah found it very uncomfortable on his achy balls. But Helanda
  wasn't finished. Three fine chains hung from the strap meeting at a ring beneath
  his testicles. She attached a small weight to it, then released it. It wasn't
  very heavy really, but it felt like a ton to Jonah. The ache in his balls suddenly
  doubled and he began pleading for her to take it off.  
"Quiet!" Helanda ordered. "Maybe this will help
  motivate you to work harder. If you do a good enough job tonight I'll take
  it off after you please me. Right now you are going to be punished." She fetched
  a small cat-o-nine tails and unceremoniously began whipping him, mostly on
  the buttocks, but also up and down his back and thighs. Each time the whip
  struck he jumped and the weight would swing pulling on his aching balls. He
  lost count of the strokes, but could tell it was more than she had given him
  ever before. By the time she had finished with the whip Jonah was crying and
  hanging weakly from the branch. Helanda put the whip away, but returned with
  a heavy wooden paddle. She finished his punishment with ten sound swats on
  his tender buttocks. She timed them so the weight swung far with each stroke
  pulling even more on his tortured testicles.  
Finally Helanda finished and sat down smiling in
  satisfaction as she watched Jonah try to regain his composure. They both let
  him rest as they ate quietly. After she had eaten Vandrel rose and brought
  Jonah some water, holding the skin up to his lips to allow him to drink. She
  let her fingers play over his flesh as she examined his body. There were red
  stripes on his back and thighs, but as always Helanda hadn't broken the skin
  at all. His butt was really red, looking sunburned. Vandrel ran her fingertips
  over his buttocks. The skin felt hot to her touch. She came back around front
  and pinched his nipples. Then she got down on one knee to examine the ball
  weights hanging from him. She held the weight in her hand relieving the pressure
  for a few moments before letting it go again.  
"So, how do you like your new toy?" Vandrel asked
  looking up into his eyes.  
"Please take it off," Jonah pleaded softly, "I
  can't stand it."  
"Aww," Vandrel said, "I'm sorry, but I can't do
  that. Helanda put it on you and it is up to her when it comes off. It may not
  be comfortable, but you can take it. It won't hurt you. I've seen slaves run
  with three times that much weight hanging from them. You'll get used to it." Jonah
  didn't want to get used to it. He just wanted it off. "Besides, I think it
  looks really sexy on you."  
Vandrel began toying with his balls lightly. Jonah's
  cock had been semi-hard already and it began to grow more. She grasped his
  shaft and held his cock straight out looking closely at it. She bent down closer
  and kissed the end of it. His cock twitched and got even harder. She looked
  up into his face. Then Vandrel took the head of his cock into her mouth and
  sucked lightly. She had never done that to him before and Jonah let out a gasp
  of pleasure. She smiled up at him. "You like that, huh," she said in a sexy
  voice and wet her lips. Then she took him back into her mouth, slowly sliding
  all the way down until she had taken his whole length into her mouth. Then
  even more slowly she drew back, her eyes never leaving his, until his cock
  popped from her mouth. Jonah had never felt anything so pleasurable in his
  life. He had never even imagined such pleasure. It felt so great and he had
  never seen anything so arousing as Vandrel looking up at him, his cock filling
  her mouth. She smiled at him, knowing the effect she was having, then she stood
  up quickly. "Well we better get you something to eat," she said as she began
  releasing his hands, her huge breasts inches from his face. Jonah was very
  disappointed. He would have given anything for the pleasurable sensations to
  continue, but he had no say in the matter.  
Jonah was allowed to kneel on the blanket as he
  had his supper. Vandrel and Helanda sat on either side of him sipping some
  wine. They still left his hands and feet free. He thought that was encouraging,
  maybe they were beginning to trust him more. If they started leaving him unbound
  more often he may get a chance to get away. He had to be careful though. They
  were being much more sparing with the food and Jonah figured they must have
  been running very low. He also found that encouraging. They would have to go
  into town to get supplies and he hoped to get some help then. Jonah drifted
  off into a fantasy in which Helanda went into town by herself to get supplies
  and he was left alone with Vandrel.  
Shortly after Jonah had finished his supper Helanda
  was ready to be pleasured. She sat on the wagon gate as Vandrel was fond of
  doing and leaned back. That way as Jonah licked her he couldn't try to rest
  the weight on the ground. Jonah knew he needed to do his best to please Helanda.
  He was very conscious of the weight hanging from his balls. He felt so horny.
  Even though he had cum last night it didn't seem to lessen his need any, if
  anything it had increased it. The pressure on his testicles intensified that
  need. Jonah wanted the ball weights removed as soon as possible and if he disappointed
  her she could make things even worse. So he went at her with abandon. He tried
  his best and Helanda was pleased with his efforts. He was progressing very
  nicely.  
The ball weights had been a successful tool and
  Helanda decided to use them regularly at least for a while. She would attach
  a weight each morning and when Jonah had satisfied her well enough she would
  remove the weight. If he didn't please her she would use a bigger one the next
  day. That should work quite nicely, especially since he responded so well to
  the smallest weight. He was such a wimp, but that was a good trait for a slave
  such as him. They were going to make a good profit when they sold him. It would
  still be a month or more before they would finally reach Amazia and had plenty
  of time for more training. Now that he was getting the pussy licking skills
  down they would work on some other things.  
Jonah would need to learn to withhold his orgasms
  and Helanda looked forward to that part of his training. She had enjoyed punishing
  him for last night's mess, but didn't want that to become a habit. They would
  be arriving for a planned stop at a city in a few days and she thought they
  could get something there that would help prevent such occurrences. Her thoughts
  had her so aroused and she really enjoyed Jonah's tongue. By the time she let
  him stop she was drenched in sweat and out of breath. She told him he did a
  good job. Jonah was surprised. It was rare that Helanda praised him. She removed
  the weight, but left the stretcher on him since the weight would just be going
  right back on first thing in the morning anyway. She attached the leash in
  its place. She also reattached the chains so he wouldn't easily be able to
  try to escape in the night.  
After a rest to cool off they prepared for sleep.
  Vandrel didn't use him as it was getting late, Helanda had kept him busy a
  very long time, but she held him close and fondled his nipples and cock until
  she fell asleep. Jonah enjoyed her touch and the feel of her breasts against
  his back, and yet it was so frustrating. Jonah eventually fell asleep himself
  and dreamt of Melinda.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Yonho


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





