BDSM Library - Maid for Comfort




Maid for Comfort
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Girl into BDSM answers ad and meets new Master & becomes his housekeeper/companion with very heavy discipline. MAID FOR COMFORT-Part 1   
By Hajim   
   
   Having recently ended a pretty stormy relationship,
  I was at somewhat of a loose end. I was bored at work and had only a few friends;
  I had always been interested in all kinds of sex-the kinkier the better! I
  had loved being tied up by one of my ex-boyfriends but when I asked him to
  beat me before fucking me, he had spat the dummy and said I was too weird for
  him and that was the end of that. I had had my nipples pierced and loved to
  hang heavy weights on them and found the pain hard to bear but at the same
  time very stimulating. So here I was boyfriend less and so horny for sex that
  I masturbated myself at least twice a day! .  
 I went into a sex shop and after having a browse around particularly looking
  at the S/M gear, I bought one of the alternative papers. At home, I idly looked
  through the ads until one struck me-it read  
 HOUSEKEEPER required by a strict disciplinarian must have experience.  
 Live-in, 24/7, all found. Please apply &hellip;&hellip;&hellip;..  
I wondered what experience was required. I was a good cook and very tidy
  AND I craved discipline! Was this what I was looking for? I thought about it
  and decided to answer the ad. I put very few details other than my name of
  Pauline and age, 24,except to say I was a good housekeeper and had experienced
  discipline.  
 About a week later I received a phone call from the advertiser who said
  his name was Ted and said he would like to meet me, initially, just for a chat
  to see how we got on together. We agreed to meet at a certain railway station
  about 7.30 one Friday evening. I was to wear my name on a little badge so that
  he could identify me. Although the station was in the City, it would not be
  very busy at that time.  
 So with some doubts and misgivings, I went to the station and in a few minutes
  a man came up to me and said he was Ted and was pleased to meet me. He was
  well dressed in a casual way, aged about 30 and quite nice looking. We looked  
at each other and then he said he would take me to a caf&eacute; for a cup
  of tea. There he told me that he was looking for a submissive girl to cater
  for all his needs and that he would punish her for any wrongdoing; of course,
  she had to be a good manager for his house. He asked if I would be interested
  in going for a week's trial. Without hesitation I agreed. Then he suggested
  that as it was Friday perhaps we could have the weekend together just to find
  out what it would be like. I thought about it for a few minutes, feeling rather
  concerned that things had gone so fast. I told Ted this and he said that I
  could back out any time in the weekend. I then agreed. But said I hadn't got
  a change of clothes. He laughed and said not to worry about that. He then told
  me to take my panties off. I blushed and said I wasn't able to and if we could
  go somewhere secluded I'd show him why. A bit puzzled, he agreed and we went
  to a nearby park where I undid all the buttons on my dress to show that I was
  nude underneath! I twirled round then did up my buttons again. He said he liked
  what he had seen but asked about the marks on my backside. I reddened again
  and told him that my ex had given me a liking for punishment and that a couple
  of days earlier I had given myself a good thrashing with a belt. He said that
  was good and that he also liked the nipple-rings I wore. He said he had a car
  not far away and that when we had got nearer his house I was to blindfold myself
  as at this stage he didn't want me to know where he lived. In the circumstances,
  this appeared to be a reasonable request so I agreed. We then went to his car
  a late-model middle range sedan.  
 
    
 We drove for about 25 minutes then Ted stopped the car and told me to blindfold
  myself; I did so and about 10 minutes later we stopped and then he drove into
  a garage. I heard the door shut and then Ted told me to remove the blindfold.
  I did so and then he took my hand and led me through an internal door into
  the house. It was well furnished but in need of cleaning. It was warm and inviting.
  He led me to a a bedroom which had little else in it other than the bed .Ted
  said that this would be my room and that I would be able to furnish as I liked
  at his expense but for the present I was to take my dress off and follow him.
  I obeyed and followed him to his lounge. He sat down and looked at me closely,
  turning me round to examine me in detail and was evidently satisfied with what
  he saw.  
 "Now, young lady" he said" As you profess to like being beaten, I'm going
  to give you a spanking right now. Over my knee!" I did as I was told and then
  he started to spank my bare bottom raining about 40 spanks. THWACK! CRACK!
  It went on and on. I wriggled and cried and my bum felt sore but I was very
  wet which Ted noticed. "Ah, I see that you enjoyed that! What do you say?" he
  said .I said, " Thank you very much, Ted. That was lovely!" His face grew stern. "When
  we are working like this you do not call me 'Ted' but always 'Master'. For
  that indiscretion you will get another 20 spanks" And he promptly gave them
  to me. "Now thank me." "Thank you very much, Master" I replied, tearfully.  
 "That's better. Now go and make us a cup of tea. I'll take you to the kitchen
  and show you where everything is. I've plenty of biscuits to go with the drink." After
  he had shown me the kitchen he returned to the lounge. The kitchen was in a
  terrible state with piles of unwashed dishes and empty packets. I hurried to
  do as he instructed and soon I took a tray of tea and biscuits to the lounge.
  I gave him his tea and he patted the seat beside him and said, "Sit here, Pauline.
  You may call me Ted until we finish our tea." A bit confused as to what this
  relationship was developing into-sometimes Master and sometimes Ted, I did
  as instructed. He asked me about being on the Pill and whether I also insisted
  on condoms when having sex. I replied that I was on the Pill and yes I did
  make men wear condoms. He said he would do so at first but once we had mutually
  decided to be together, he would arrange a full medical for both of us and
  afterwards he wouldn't wear condoms. Whilst he spoke he was fondling me, first
  my tits then my cunt. I started to stroke the material of his pants in which
  I could see there was a big erection. Greatly daring, I unzipped him and dropped
  to my knees and put his lovely big cock into my mouth- it was wonderful to
  suck on it and he started moaning and very quickly shot a huge load of cum
  into my mouth! It was wonderful to taste a man's cum after so long without
  it. I licked his lovely cock completely clean then looked up at him and asked
  him if it was good.  
 "Good? It was bloody marvellous" he said. "If that's what you can do, I
  can see that we will get on well together! Now it's getting late and nearly
  time for bed, but first we'll both have a shower."  
 He bent down and picked me up in his arms, somehow he managed to put two
  fingers up my cunt! We got to the bathroom and he put me down and then told
  me to take his clothes off. I did as ordered and stroked his big cock as I
  did so. Then into the double shower together; we soaped each other and once
  again his fingers were exploring me and making me want to cum. We got out of
  the shower and he gave me a towel and told me to dry him &ndash;I hesitated
  and started to dry myself first. CRACK! He hit me hard and said that I had
  to learn how to obey immediately. I hurried to dry him and was then allowed
  to dry myself. He led me into his bedroom. What a mess!  
 
  He led me to a chair and ordered me to lie across whilst he taught me Obedience.
      He produced a whip and gave me another 20 strokes on my naked bum. Then
      it was into bed and although I was sore after the latest punishment his
      mouth and fingers soon made me aching for a fuck. He played with me for
      a long time then slipped a condom on and gave me a lovely long fucking.
      It was wonderful to have a man inside me again and I came five times. We
      then fell asleep in each other's arms.   
 I woke up about 6 and gently eased myself away from Ted who was still fast
  asleep. I went into the kitchen and made myself a cup of tea. I then set about
  clearing up the mess. I put all the dirty dishes into the dishwasher and collected
  all the empty cans &amp; cartons together. Then, although I was still nude
  I went out with this trash and put them in the bin. (I was used to being naked
  as I spent a lot of time at home without clothes on). I started on cleaning
  all the worktops and soon they looked at least presentable. At 7.30, I heard
  Ted go to the loo, so quickly made us cups of tea and took them into the bedroom.  
 Ted sat up and looked at me then smiled. "Hallo, my lovely girl! My! You
  are a sight for sore eyes. Turn round so that I can see all of you." I did
  as he had said and asked him in a cheeky way if he was satisfied with what
  he saw. His reply was that indeed he was and asked if the whipping that I had
  had last night was still painful.  
 For answer I pulled back the sheets and gave his cock a big lingering kiss!  
We sat and had our tea and he played with my tits and my cunt before I pulled
  him up and led him into the kitchen. His eyes widened when he saw how clean
  and tidy it was  
and said I deserved full marks for my effort there, I put the dishwasher
  on for I hadn't wanted the noise to awake him. I said "Master, I have not been
  able to give the kitchen a full clean as there was some cleaning materials
  missing. Perhaps we can go out and buy them." He replied that of course we
  could but that first we had something else to do. He said that if I came to
  live there he would expect to fuck me or have me suck him off every morning
  and asked if I was agreeable to this. I nodded. "Right then-suck me off now
  and you'd better make a good job of it or I'll tan your hide!" I immediately
  knelt down and sucked his big lovely cock and soon he came-but just before
  he did so, he pulled out and his spunk went all over my face. He laughed and
  said I looked even better like that and that I wasn't to wash my face until
  he said I could.  
 We got up and I prepared breakfast for us. As we sat eating he called me
  Pauline so once again our relationship had changed. What a funny business it
  was turning out to be. Here I was having breakfast with a man I had only met
  yesterday and we were both nude and I had a sore bum as well as his cum all
  over my face!  
He asked me if I still wanted to carry on to a weeks trial with a possibility
  of a long-term arrangement. I said I'd go along with it and I said that I could
  get a week off work in a fortnight's time. He said that it would be OK. Whilst
  he had a second cup of tea I cleared all the rest of the dishes, emptied the
  dishwasher and put everything away Then I asked permission to do something
  to clean up the bedroom.  
 "Yes " said Ted "But first, young lady, go and get my newspaper from outside.
  That's right just as you are-if you come to live here you'll have to get used
  to be being nude all the time."  
 When I opened the front door, I saw that we were in a street of houses which
  were all set well back in their gardens so I had to run about 10 metres to
  the letterbox to get the newspaper before sprinting back. I would have been
  embarrassed if someone had seen me nude outside the house. I gave the paper
  to Ted and went to the  
 
  laundry and started the washing machine. Changed the sheets and opened all
      the windows and vacuumed the place. At least it smelled better but I had
      a lot to do.   
I went back to Ted and said that I had too much to do to spare time shopping
  so could I write a list for him to get. He agreed and said he would go after
  he had fucked me again! Gee! I was getting fucked more times in a few hours
  than I had been for the last couple of months.  
 He took me upstairs and said that he wanted to give me a good thrashing
  before fucking me so he strapped my hands together. He got his under-pants
  from yesterday and stuffed them into my mouth: then he got his belt and started
  on me. He gave me 20 strokes on each cheek of my bum and it hurt like hell,
  but I found that I was enjoying it! He then undid my hands and redid them behind
  me and then gave each of my tits 10 strokes and followed that with another
  10 on my cunt. Oh! The pain of it was unbearable! He undid my hands and played
  with my cunt and then fingered my ass, Suddenly I felt a cold sensation round
  my ass and then without warning he pushed his cock straight up my bum! It was
  a long time since I had been ass-fucked but it felt good. He shot his load
  into me and I felt his cock subside and slip out of me. He took the gag out
  of my mouth and told me to take the condom off his cock and lick him clean.
  I was a bit taken aback at first but once I got down to the job in hand I really
  enjoyed and took a long time cleaning him up.  
 Ted asked me what I did with my tit-rings. I blushed and said I was too
  embarrassed to say. He laughed and said that if I could dress as I had done
  when we met last night, could take cock in all my holes and accept severe punishment-then
  surely there was nothing to be embarrassed about. I blushed again and said "I
  don't like to admit it, but I suppose I'll have to tell you. I hang weights
  on them so that they hurt. I don't know why but I find it enjoyable. There
  I've told you. What must you think of me?"  
 Ted answered " Well, if that's all-we'll have to see what I can do to please
  you." He went to a cupboard and brought out 3 belts. He put one round my waist
  and one from the first down under my cunt and cinched it to the back of the
  first and used the third to go through both rings and then connected it to
  the waist belt pulling it very tight. He asked me if that was something like
  I had done to which I nodded my agreement. He then got me to move about trussed
  up and asked how long did I punish myself like that. When I told him about
  30 minutes he said OK we'll leave them on for at least that and ordered me
  to the kitchen and told me to write a shopping list for him. It was very painful
  and hard work writing and looking in the various cupboards but after about
  45 minutes it was all done. I begged him to release me from my bonds and he
  said OK and did so without any delay. I kissed him with my tongue right down
  his throat. I felt his cock getting an erection so dropped to my knees and
  kissed it.  
 (To Be Continued)  
 MAID FOR COMFORT-Part 2   
By Hajim   
 I took his cock into my mouth and sucked at it hard .He pushed his cock
  right as far as it would go until I could hardly breath. Suddenly his body
  stiffened and he let out a cry of "Yes!' and my mouth filled with his cum.
  I eagerly drank it all down then lovingly licked him clean. He looked down
  at me and smiled.  
"Pauline," he said " everything you do you do so
  well -take the whip and belt, like being fucked both in the cunt and in the
  ass and now you suck me off wonderfully. Not content with that you also have
  cleaned up the house, got meals and done the washing Is there anything you
  don't like?"  
 I looked up at him and told him that so far everything had been just what
  I felt I wanted. I thought that we could very well live together in Master
  and slave manner if that what he wanted and I asked him what were the conditions
  of my possible engagement.  
 "Well" he said "How does this sound? I would pay you $250 a week, pay your
  medical costs, your car expenses and, of course, you would have full board.
  You would buy your own clothes but I might give you something now and again.
  You would have a day off every fortnight- now that sounds not much. But when
  I'm away you would be able to go out to do your own thing. At home, you would
  be nude except for special occasions. You would be punished every day and would
  accept any kind of sex I wanted and that would mean being fucked at least twice
  every day, I would also put you into any kind of bondage or torture I might
  decide on. Does that frighten you?  
 "Yes, Master. "I said, "It does frighten me. However so long as you don't
  permanently mark me or damage me, I'll go along with it. After all by just
  answering that advert in the sex paper, I had some idea of what to expect and
  it turns me on to think of you having full control of me! The pay and other
  perks seem OK to me."  
 'Well, that's settled then' He said "Now, I'll go and get the shopping whilst
  you carry on with the housework- But first. I think I'd like you to suck me
  off again,"  
 I knelt down and took his lovely manhood into my mouth. He thrust into me
  as far as he could and I could hardly breathe. God! It hurt as he slammed into
  me-his big cock getting right to the back of my throat time after time. Obviously
  his earlier sexual exertions had slowed his cumming down and it took about
  5 minutes of his efforts before he shouted out "Yes!' and shot his load of
  spunk right down my throat, It was a lovely sensation to feel him shaking as
  his cock slowly deflated. I licked him clean and smiled up at him and asked
  whether he had enjoyed it as much as I had. He smiled and said "You betcha!"  
 So Ted went off to do the shopping and I got on with the chores. A picture
  of suburban ordinariness or was it? Here was I nude all the time with a striped
  ass and quite fearful of what might happen next BUT I was wet just thinking
  about what Ted would do to me! So I did the washing and hung it out. I was
  a little concerned about being seen naked but found that the garden was secluded
  and not overlooked at all. I hurried to do all the other jobs I had found to
  do and was just finishing washing a frying pan when I heard Ted drive into
  the garage. He called me to come and help him-I, foolishly, finished the pan
  and then ran to the garage. Ted looked very cross and shouted, " Where the
  hell have you been? You know that when I want you to do something it means
  straightaway"  
 I told him that I had finished cleaning a frying pan- but I knew that I
  was going to be severely punished again. Sure enough, he smacked my bum hard
  and said that we would put the shopping away and then he would deal with me.
  We soon got all the stuff away then he took hold of my tit and pulled me to
  the bedroom. He ordered me to stand in the centre of the room with my hands
  behind my neck and to open my legs as far as possible. I knew I was in big
  trouble!  
 " Now, young lady. Let's get this right. When you read my ad mentioning
  'strict discipline' you must have known that you would be physically punished.
  I gave you a spanking when you arrived and punished you for not obeying me
  in the bathroom. Yet you had the cheek to ignore my call to come and help me
  unload the shopping-you preferring to finish a job you were doing. You haven't
  learned have you? If you are going to be here, you WILL obey me immediately.
  Now, I intend to punish you again. You will receive 60 lashes-10 on each cheek
  of your bum, 10 on your back, 10 on each tit and guess where the last 10 will
  go? That's right-on your cunt. You will count and thank me for every one-if
  you forget that stroke won't count. Afterwards I don't think you will be disobedient!"  
 I stood there frightened, but again excited at the coming ordeal!  
 CRACK! The first stroke landed on my bum and it felt like fire. I said "One-thank
  you, Master" And Ted got into the swing- my bum was getting very sore and this
  was just the first part! Then he started on the second arse-cheek-THWACK! ,
  CRACK! -he whipped every bit of the cheek, placing each stroke in a different
  place. I shuddered to think about the rest of them especially those on my cunt.
  Then it was my back- he really laid into me. So much that I almost fell with
  the force and it was in this part that I didn't thank him for a stroke and
  got an extra one. He walked round me and gave me a short time to recover, just
  flicking the belt on my tummy. Then I could watch and flinched every time the
  belt came crashing down on my tit- by this time I was crying and begged him
  to stop, but, of course, he ignored my pleas. My tit hurt like hell and again
  I forgot to thank him and received extra. Then the other one and soon I could
  see in the mirror that they were showing the marks of the beating. Then came
  the last 10. I screamed as the belt bit into my cunt &ndash; it cut into the
  cunt-wall and I thought I was going to faint. At last it was over or was it?  
Ted ordered me to lie on the bed on my stomach.
  I felt a cold sensation round my bum and then he pushed his cock straight up
  there without any foreplay. God! It hurt. His hands came round and grabbed
  my sore tits and then he pumped into me mercilessly. I hurt all over so, at
  first, couldn't really enjoy the fuck but as he fucked me I felt more relaxed
  and then quite suddenly I had this great feeling of cumming and then he shot
  his load. We lay for a couple of minutes then he said "Clean!" so I got off
  the bed and knelt down and took the condom off and licked his cock clean- I
  kissed it and fondled it with my tongue-it was a lovely cock! I sucked it slowly
  whilst he moaned with pleasure. I started to take it right down my throat then
  he pulled out just before he came and once again my face was covered with his
  spunk.  
I got back on the bed and rested as well as I could
  as my bum hurt, as did the rest of my punished body. After about 10 minutes,
  he sat up and said it was about time my tits had a little bit of weight so
  he got out some fishing weights and tied them to my tit-rings. He put about
  20 on each and when I stood up they hurt a lot. I begged him to take them off
  as my tits were too sore- he laughed and said he was a sadistic bugger and
  put another 3 on each ring and told me I would wear them for as long as he
  wanted.  
 I knelt down and pleaded with him. " I don't think
  I can stand this amount of pain for long. Please, please-oh please &ndash;take
  them off. "He laughed and said "OK. I'll take them off in 10 minutes time &ndash; that
  is if you don't pester me and will take another 20 lashes before I take them
  off-is it a deal?"  
Anything to stop this pain so I agreed and he got
  me to stand up again with my legs open and he whipped my cunt again. I could
  see through my tears that my cunt was looking very red and there was a bit
  of blood. My body shook as the belt thudded into me; Ted was putting all his
  strength into the thrashing and I very nearly passed out. At last it was over
  and then he took just some of the weights off- now I could bear them. I said,
  tearfully &quot;Thank you. Master, I'm sure I won't be disobedient again."  
Another change came over Ted for he got several
  cushions and led me outside and arranged the cushions so that my poor bum sank
  into them. He told me to have a rest and he'd bring me a drink. Sure enough,
  after about 10 minutes he brought a tray with two steaming mugs of coffee and
  some lovely fresh rolls. Before we ate, he took pity on me and took off the
  tit-weights-they had been on about 40 minutes and I found the release very
  painful. He kissed me and stroked my hair and said how wonderful I was. Then
  we had our lunch-he even went back for more coffee. Next it was playtime again-
  he got me to sit on his lap and we fucked again like that- Gee! This boy had
  stamina! It was a great fuck; I could feel every stroke as he pumped me then
  we came together! Afterwards as we sat there he said that after I had done
  my usual cleaning duty, we would go and have a nap on the bed. So once again
  I had that lovely cock in my mouth- but he was too spent to get any erection.
  We went to the bedroom and lay down and within a couple of minutes Ted was
  asleep. I also went to sleep but after about an hour, I woke up and tip-toed
  out of the bedroom and shut the door after me so I could have a quick shower
  before I got down to carrying out a plan which had formed in my mind- to give
  him a wonderful meal with all the trappings for a romantic night. After my
  shower, I went to the kitchen, pausing to open the bedroom door so that I would
  hear him when he woke up for I didn't want another beating!  
After another hour with my preparations well under
  way, I took coffee into the bedroom just as Ted woke up. I told him I had a
  nice surprise for him tonight and would he please not go into the dining room.
  He looked a bit puzzled but nodded and patted the bed next to him. So I sat
  down-by now, a lot of the pain from my beating was subsiding so it was easier
  to sit down. We drank our coffee and talked about ourselves and I found out
  that he was a successful wholesaler in fashion clothes. He said he had some
  work to do for a couple of hours, which of course suited me as I had a lot
  of preparations to do.  
So I prepared the meal and then whilst it was cooking
  went into the dining room. I put on a white tablecloth, put candles in several
  candlesticks and got a bottle of white wine and put it in an icebucket. Eventually
  all was ready for the meal. Greatly daring, I went to my room and put my dress
  on then I knocked at the door of the room where Ted was working. He looked
  a bit puzzled, then cross. I put my fingers to my mouth in a hushing manner.  
 "Master " I said, " My surprise to you is a candle-lit
  dinner for us and I thought the mood would be better if we were both dressed.
  I promise you that you will be pleasantly surprised. Now go and put some clothes
  on please"  
He got up and said it wasn't what he thought we
  would be doing tonight but he would go along with my idea. He went away and
  came back a few minutes later, dressed in a nice shirt and trousers. I had
  used this short time to go in to the dining room and lit the candles. I took
  Ted's hand and led him into the room. He stopped and looked amazed. I led him
  to his seat and poured a glass of wine for both of us. I said "Bon appetit,
  Ted! Hope you like the meal" I went to the kitchen and brought the soup. He
  tried it and his face lit up. H e said it was marvellous Indeed, as we progressed
  through the 4 courses, although I say it myself, it was the best meal I had
  ever prepared and Ted obviously thought the same. When we had finished our
  meal and a second bottle of wine Ted took my hand and said "Pauline, what have
  I done to deserve such a treasure as you? Will you come and be my lover as
  well as my housekeeper-everything about you is so wonderful. I think I have
  punished and hurt you enough today but the night is young and there's a lot
  of time for lots of fucking!  
What do you say to that, darling? And before you say anything, bugger the
  washing-up. I WANT you!!!"  
 I thought quickly and said" Yes! Bugger the washing up, let's fuck!"  
 Ted took my hand and we dashed into the bedroom where he quickly took off
  my dress and I stripped him. He pushed me on to the bed, then started kissing
  my tits whilst his hand went to my cunt. I grabbed hold of his cock and he
  turned round so his head was at my cunt and I felt the tip of his tongue lick
  my G-spot. I nearly went mad-it made me cum straight away  
 . I took his lovely cock into my mouth and my
  hands fondled his balls. Without any warning he came and I had a mouthful of
  his cum! I swallowed it all and still he forced his tongue it as far as it
  could go in to my cunt- never before had I had such a licking-I kept cumming
  and felt as if I was gushing out gallons of cum into Ted's mouth. At last he
  came up for air and I stopped sucking cock. We lay quite exhausted for about
  half an hour and actually dozed. He still held my tit in his hand and my own
  hand crept back to his cock. He woke and pulled me to him and deep-tongued
  me and soon we were ready again! He played with my tits and cunt and then got
  me to put my legs on his shoulders and he took me like that. I licked him clean
  and said to him jokingly, that he must have condoms by the dozen in various
  places around the house He looked a bit embarrassed and said he had got lots
  in just for my visit. He was certainly using them! He said I was a bloody marvellous
  fuck and I said the same to him. It was now quite late and soon we snuggled
  into each other's arms and went to sleep.  
I woke up about 7.30 and tiptoed out of the bedroom
  and made tea for us. I woke him with a kiss and he pulled me to him and kissed
  me hungrily. He smiled at me and told me he was in seventh heaven with me.
  We drank our tea then his mood changed. He said, "The strict discipline thing-
  that includes humiliation, doesn't it?" I replied that I supposed so, wondering
  what was coming. He swung himself round and pushed my mouth towards his cock
  and said that he needed a pee and told me to take it into my mouth whilst he
  peed and that I would be punished if I let a drop go on the floor. I had never
  done this before and hesitated for a few moments. He looked at me and said "Five!" and
  when I still hadn't done as ordered said "Fifteen-that means 15 strokes for
  disobedience." Reluctantly I took his cock into my mouth- it wasn't so nice
  now! A stream of hot piss spurted down my throat- it was terrible! Somehow
  I managed to take it all down, and Ted took his dick out of me and smiled and
  said I had been a good girl but was still going to be punished for my slowness.
  He went across to a cupboard and brought out a cane. He ordered me to lie on
  my back and then let the cane just touch my tit. Then he raised it and brought
  it crashing down on my tit-I gasped at the pain and then &ndash;CRACK, the
  next one landed on my other tit and I nearly shot off the bed, the pain was
  so bad. Still he carried on caning my poor sore breasts. I sobbed and pleaded
  with him to stop but he said that once again I had disobeyed him and he was
  punishing me for that-he added that I hadn't thanked him so far so and therefore
  the 6 strokes didn't count towards my 15. He told me to lie on my stomach and
  then he started on my bum. I yelped as the cane came crashing down but I made
  sure that I thanked him with the number 1! SWISH-CRACK! The cane fell on my
  buttocks and I cried out for him to stop, but of course he didn't and I was
  very sore when he finished the caning. But he wasn't finished yet; he now had
  a big hard-on and hurriedly got a condom and some cream and fucked my poor
  ravaged bum. He was just a little gentler than the last time but it still hurt
  as he pushed past my sphincter but he rode me and again I felt myself getting
  horny and then he shot into me and just as he did so I came as well. At least,
  we seemed to have to cum together most times. I did my usual cleaning job on
  his cock and we lay there for some time.  
"Pauline" said Ted " I think we will go for a drive
  this morning and have our lunch out. It's a lovely day. Far too nice to stop
  indoors."  
"I can't go out in that dress, it's too dirty," I
  said." Anyway, it's not very good to go out to a restaurant."  
He told me to go and wash it at once and by the
  time we were ready to go out, it would be dry. We would only go to a caf&eacute; not
  a posh restaurant. So I got up and washed the dress and put it out to dry.
  (Remember this was the only article of clothing I had worn when we met only
  2 days ago).  
Then we had our breakfast and washed up and went
  into the shower together. Once again he was playing with my cunt, then he pushed
  me down so I could take his cock into my mouth. I pulled it all in so he deep
  throated me again and soon I was swallowing another load of cum. He lightly
  spanked my bum again and then I dried him and then myself. I had remembered
  what had happened yesterday and didn't want another beating..  
 
  (To be continued)   
 MAID FOR COMFORT-Part 3 
By Hajim 
Ted told me to go and get my dress and bring the
  basket of clothes pegs to the bedroom. I was a bit mystified as to why he wanted
  them there but did as I was told. When I got back to the bedroom, I found Ted
  had a rope, with which he tied my hands behind my back, saying it was to stop
  me from interfering. With that, he took out several pegs and started to clip
  them around both tits. I found this painful but no more so than when I had
  put weights on them myself, but when he pegged one on each of my nipples, I
  cried as the peg dug into the most tender part. The pain was terrible and I
  begged Ted to take them off- but, of course, he ignored my pleas and then started
  on the area around my cunt. They hurt even more especially when he pulled my
  cunt-lips out and put three on each side. I knelt down and pleaded through
  my tears to have them taken off. He said I was to keep them on whilst I ironed
  my dress and if he felt like it he might, only might, take some of them off.
  He untied my hands and warned me not to touch the pegs under pain of another
  beating and he slapped my bum and followed me in to the kitchen and stood watching
  whilst I pressed my dress. (By now I was thinking that perhaps I shouldn't
  go on with this idea of working for him for he seemed to be too sadistic&mdash;but
  I was enjoying the sex and yes! even the domination!) 
I finished ironing the dress and pleaded to have
  the pegs taken off. Ted was obviously enjoying himself and took my hand and
  led me to the bedroom. He said he would fuck me doggy-style before he took
  them off and got me to lie on the bed. Of course this pushed the pegs into
  me even more and I couldn't stand it any more and pulled two pegs off. Ted
  said "Oh no! Young lady! I didn't give you permission to take them off. You
  know what that means-another thrashing for disobedience! But first, that fuck!" With
  that he mounted me from behind and thrust into me without any foreplay. God!
  It hurt His swollen cock seemed as through it was scraping the sides of my
  vagina. Luckily it was over quickly as he shot his load into me and slipped
  out of me. He thrust his cock towards my face. I didn't think he had time to
  put a condom on, but I was wrong and I had to take it off him and lick him
  clean.  
He took his belt and gave my poor bum another thrashing,
  SWISH-THWACK the pain was all over me. I felt the belt crack into my cunt and
  screamed with the pain but still it went on until he had given me 20 lashes.
  He said that as we were going out he would be lenient on me and only then did
  he start taking the pegs off. I shuddered as he took them off my nipples- the
  pain was almost more than I could bear. Eventually I was left with a peg underneath
  the tit, one on each and one on each side of my cunt, which Ted said would
  come off when we stopped for lunch. It was only 10.15 so I would have them
  on for quite a long time- I knelt down and begged him to take the rest off
  but he shook his head and told me to get dressed as we were going out almost
  straightaway 
 So we went to the garage and went through the same procedure as before,
  he blindfolded me and it was about 10 minutes later that he told me to take
  it off. I could see the sea in the distance as we drove along. After about &frac12; hour
  we stopped at a caf&eacute;. Ted took me in and sat me down in one of the booths
  and went and got us something to eat and drink. When he came back he sat next
  to me and slid his hand under my dress and fingered my cunt- I started to cum
  as he played with me and squirmed in the seat. He whispered" Cum, my darling,
  just cum!" So I let myself go and moaned softly as I came. He slipped his fingers
  out and gave them to me to suck clean; I was worried that somebody would see
  or guess what was happening. He let me take off the remaining pegs, which brought
  a lot of pain at first followed by relief at not having them on. 
 After we had finished our meal we drove on until Ted turned on to a side
  road which led to a beach. He parked the car and got a bag out of the boot.
  We set off towards the beach and I saw a notice that it was an optional clothing
  beach. When we actually arrived on the beach I saw that nearly every one was
  nude. I thought I couldn't possibly go naked in front of all these people-
  I had never been to a nudist beach before and was rather shy about showing
  my body to strangers and, of course, I was covered in whip marks. I told Ted
  but he just laughed and told me that I must strip, as it would seem strange
  not to be nude when everyone else was. I still said I couldn't, explaining
  why. He stopped and looked at me and then sighed. " Just as I thought I had
  you well trained, you start getting disobedient again. Look Pauline, I've had
  enough of this. You either take your clothes here and now or we go straight
  home-I'll give you another severe thrashing and then I'll take you home or
  wherever you want to go and that will be the end of the whole thing. Which
  is it to be-strip or home? I won't change my mind-home now and it's
  all over." 
 I thought for about a minute. I had enjoyed our weekend so much, surely
  I couldn't give it up on such a comparatively small point of difference-yet
  I was so frightened of showing my body to all these strangers. The idea of
  not having that big cock in me any more eventually turned the scales! I smiled
  at Ted and took off my dress. He smiled too and put down our towels and we
  lay down on our stomachs. I heard several comments from passers-by, which embarrassed
  me. " I see stripes are in fashion" "Look at that bum- she must have done something
  real bad." Even "I bet she'd make a nice fuck! Obvious likes her man to be
  rough" and so on. 
 After half an hour Ted suggested we go for a swim. I love the water and
  showed Ted a clean pair of heels although the salt water made my welts sting
  like hell! I came up to him and we kissed and felt his big cock pushing against
  me! He put his hand down and I felt his cock enter me-but only momentarily
  for Ted laughed and "Oh dear! No condom! We'll have to wait until we get home." He
  took my hand and we walked out of the water. We went to our towels and dried
  ourselves then Ted suggested a walk along the beach. Again I was embarrassed
  because of my whip-marks but Ted just laughed and took my hand and started
  to walk along. I felt as if everyone was looking at me- but really they weren't-
  all more interested in having fun than to look at just another naked body.
  The marks only showed if someone was near.  
 However eventually a girl a bit younger than me came up to me and had a
  good look at the marks then whispered to me that she wished it were her who
  had been beaten! Ted looked at her and asked what she wanted. " Are you her
  Master?" she asked. When Ted nodded she carried on " I wish you would whip
  me like that-I've always wanted to be submissive to a Master. I've often fantasised
  about it but haven't been game to ask any of my boyfriends." 
 Ted said that he wouldn't mind thrashing her and if she gave him her phone
  number, he'd arrange something. However as all three of us were nude she would
  have to come back to where our clothes were so he could write it down. So that
  is what we did- took Wendy (our new friend) back to our clothes and Ted took
  her number. Then he looked at the back of the beach and saw there were quite
  a lot of trees and suggested that she have a trial to see whether she really
  liked it. She said she would love it. So Ted got his belt and a large clean
  handkerchief and the three of us went into the trees for a couple of hundred
  yards until we found a little clearing which had a convenient tree stump.  
 "Wendy." Ted said, "You're a slut and need to be punished. However, as this
  is evidently your first thrashing, you will only get 25 strokes from me and
  15 from Pauline. So that you don't make a noise, you are going to have this
  hanky in your mouth as a gag. Then we'll see what you are made of. How does
  that sound, slut?" 
 Wendy answered in a whisper that she was ready for her punishment. Ted got
  her to open her mouth and forced the whole of that hanky into it and then got
  her to lie across the tree stump. He lifted the belt and let it drop gently
  on her bottom. He did this a few times each time slightly harder then he put
  all his strength in the first real blow. Wendy shot up in the air obviously
  feeling a lot of pain. He carried on and soon the little bottom was getting
  very red and Wendy was squirming in her agony until finally Ted had given her
  the allotted punishment. He gave me the belt and told me to get on with it.
  I had never beaten anyone else before and was a bit hesitant. I gave Wendy
  a few gentle strokes but Ted said they didn't count, as I had to put more strength
  in to it. With that I stood back and raised the belt and gave it all I could.
  I had the satisfaction of Wendy rolling about in pain but Master looked at
  me and his expression was that I had to carry on- so poor Wendy got another
  severe beating from me; I had found it very stimulating to thrash her. And
  hoped I'd have the chance to give her more. Ted told Wendy to pull the hanky
  out and then said, " Look what you have done to my cock. I've got a big erection
  from thrashing you. What are you going to do about it?" She didn't seem to
  know what to do so as she looked at me, I opened my mouth and put my finger
  in. She cottoned on immediately and knelt down and took his cock in to her
  mouth. She had obviously done blowjobs before as within about two minutes he
  started to come. He pulled out of her and let his spunk go all over Wendy's
  face. He told her she wasn't to wash it off until after she left us. We walked
  back to the beach and another couple were going up there- presumably for a
  fuck. When we got back to where our clothes were, Ted said Wendy could piss
  off and he would ring her later in the week. She thanked both of us and said
  she would look forward to another session. And so she ran off and went into
  the water and then disappeared in the throng of naked people on the beach.  
 Ted said he didn't think we would see here again after that treatment but
  I disagreed pointing out how she had gone down on him after the beating and
  Yes! We would see her again. Ted said he thought it time we returned home-
  so we dressed and went back to the car and so home, with of course the blindfold
  for the last ten minutes. I had a rough idea where Ted lived but I wasn't game
  to tell him. So to home and Ted said I was to bring him a drink outside and
  one for myself. We both had large whiskies and we talked about the happenings
  since we met at the station. He said he'd had a terrific time and was looking
  forward to the longer time of training we had talked about. I told him that
  I had enjoyed almost all of the things we had done but not the pegs on my cunt
  and tits, and I had thoroughly enjoyed all the fucking and beating I had had.
  It was now about 6.30 and he said he would take me to wherever I wanted- home,
  near home or back to the station. I said he could drop me near my flat. 
 I thought we were going to go at once, but Ted had different ideas. He said, "I'll
  shout you dinner but first another whipping for you and a fuck. But first I'm
  dying for a pee and rather than waste it you can drink it!" 
 I told him that I wouldn't do it and to take me home at once. He laughed
  and told me that once he had decided on something, it would be done. He then
  grasped both my wrists and pushed me down to the floor then he put his foot
  on my stomach whilst he got his cock out. I started to scream and he slapped
  my face hard. The shock shut me up instantly and he shifted so that his cock
  was right above my mouth. He pulled my hair and I opened my mouth to scream
  but too late! A stream of hot piss went into my mouth- I tried not to swallow
  it but in vain as he kept hold of my hair and kept my mouth open. As before
  I hated the taste of his pee but there was little I could do to stop it. When
  he had finished, he still had hold of my hair and he dragged me to the bedroom.
  He reached over and got a pair of handcuffs and snapped on my wrists after
  pulling them behind my back. 
 "Now, young Pauline, we'll see what you are made of. A good thrashing followed
  by a fuck should be just the thing." Ted said. Then he tied my feet to each
  side of the bed, so that what with the handcuffs and the ropes, I was unable
  to move. He fetched a big thick whip and proceeded to beat me black and blue.
  He had to shut me up as I was making too much noise so he stuffed a hanky in
  my mouth. The whipping covered every part of my body from my thighs up to my
  shoulders. I think he must have given me about 40 stokes when he untied my
  feet and rolled me over and then started whipping my tits and cunt- every stroke
  was agony and I started to bleed in places. After another 40 he stopped but
  didn't undo my wrists. Instead he fucked me in the bum again and somehow I
  found myself responding to his thrusts and despite all the pain I came just
  as Ted shot his load into me. He subsided, took off my chains and pointed to
  his condom-covered cock. I sighed but did my usual job of taking the thing
  off and cleaning up his cock. 
 He said that he had given me a taste of what life under him could be-especially
  if I was disobedient. Was I still interested or had I had enough? I told him
  that I had been shocked at the severity of everything that had happened since
  we got home and I wanted to think about it whilst I had a shower. So that's
  what I did-went and had a lovely warm shower and all by myself! I thought whilst
  under the shower- before I had met Ted I had wanted a really good thrashing
  before being fucked and now I had had one-was it as bad as it seemed? I hurt
  all over but that was what I had expected. Still this piss drinking wasn't
  in my plans. I thought about how many times I had been fucked over the weekend
  and was quite amazed-but gee! I'd enjoyed it. I must have cum a bucketful!
  Ted's terms of accommodation and a reasonable amount of pay and all the other
  little perks made the whole idea very attractive. So what the hell! I'd come
  back for a fortnight to see if I liked it enough to come and live with Ted. 
 I told Ted that I would come back and have a fortnight with him and then
  we could see if we both still wanted me to be his live-in housekeeper. He was
  pleased although a little surprised as he thought he had overdone it since
  we got back home. 
 We got dressed and Td took me to dinner at a pub. Afterwards I got him to
  drive me nearly home-not all the way as I wanted to keep my actual address
  a secret for the time being. When he stopped the car we sat and cuddled and
  kissed and for once he didn't try to touch me up! He said I was to arrange
  some time off work and he would phone me to make further arrangements. 
------------------------------------ To be continued-------------------------  
 MAID FOR COMFORT-Part 4   
By Hajim   
 I got home and had a think about my situation. Here I was 24 years old,
  unattached with a job in a call-centre that I hated and which didn't pay very
  well. I often had difficulty in making ends meet, and my car was almost giving
  up the ghost. My flat was too small to share with someone else and I had few
  friends. Ted was offering me a home, enough pay that with everything found
  I would be able to save some money. He wanted a good housekeeper and I knew
  that I could do that easily and the job would enable me to exercise my love
  of cooking; on the other hand, I would be beaten often and would be fucked
  whenever he wanted and he would humiliate me. What should I do? After some
  thought I decided that I'd take the chance and become his housekeeper, which
  also meant his slave! 
 But first I had to arrange things at work so the very next day I told my
  boss that I wanted to have a fortnight's holiday starting in two weeks time.
  He said it was a bit inconvenient but he supposed he could arrange it. Later
  that week three of the thirty girls were retrenched so I knew I was on shaky
  ground if I stayed.  
 I waited all week for Ted to phone me-neither of us had the other's surname
  and I didn't have his phone number, so I had to wait for him to make a move.
  It wasn't until Saturday morning that he rung me. He agreed with my arrangements
  and told me to be at the same station as when we had first met and at the same
  time, but this time I could bring a case with me. 
 The next week passed so slowly. I realised that I was dying for this "adventure" to
  start. I also wondered what had happened to Wendy. Would she really come to
  Ted for a session of whipping as she had obviously enjoyed what had happened
  at the nudist beach. That made me think about me going naked before all those
  strangers and yet, come to think about it, I had enjoyed it as a bit of an
  adventure parading my beaten bum before them.  
 Eventually Friday came. I rushed home and finished my packing. I was leaving
  my old car behind, as I had to meet Ted at the station. At last it was time
  to catch the train to my fate! I arrived about 15 minutes early and who should
  I find also waiting than Wendy! We kissed and put our arms round each other
  and we told each other about our experiences since we had been on the beach.
  She told me that she had had a phone call from Ted who had ordered to be at
  the station to experience a week-end of beatings and sex and that if she wouldn't
  come then he would forget all about her. So she had no alternative if she still
  wanted to be dominated by a cruel Master. Right on time we saw Ted arrive.
  He walked over to us and kissed me and asked Wendy if she had dressed as he
  had ordered. She said she had and he up his hand up her skirt and smiled. I
  guessed this meant no pants. Then he put his hand down her front and checked
  she was bra-less. He kissed her and told her she was a good girl. He took us
  to a caf&eacute; where we had coffee and he told us some of his plans for the
  weekend, which included both of us receiving at least 200 strokes and to be
  fucked in all three holes. Eventually Ted said it was time to get home so we
  went to the car park. He told Wendy that as a slut she wasn't allowed in the
  car itself but would have to travel in the boot. She was a bit shocked at this,
  but even more so when he told her that whilst travelling like that she was
  to strip and be naked when we got home, failure to do so would earn her an
  instant 40 lashes and that I would also receive 20! He gave her a kid's walkie-talkie
  and said she could speak only if she was ill. Wendy looked very unhappy at
  this and appeared ready to refuse but a hard slap on the bum from Ted soon
  convinced her and she lay down in the boot. The lid shut and we were off. I
  wasn't blindfolded at all for Ted said that as I was going to be there for
  a fortnight he couldn't see any necessity to do that. On the way, I spoke to
  Wendy to make sure all was well with her and soon we arrived at his house.
  We drove into the garage and then opened the boot. Wendy had managed to strip
  and looked very pretty as she got out of the car. Ted ordered her to kneel
  and suck his cock there and then. She hesitated and I knew she would be in
  trouble. She knelt and unzipped Ted and pulled out his cock and did start to
  suck it. Ted smiled but said nothing. Wendy was now giving his cock a really
  good sucking and then he shot into her. She swallowed all his spunk for she
  had obviously decided this was what she had to do. 
 One word came from Ted "Clean!" She licked his cock clean and smiled up
  at him and said "Thank you Master! That was good!" 
 Ted said "Pauline, take the slut to your room and both of you get rid of
  your things. I want you both naked in the lounge in 3 minutes from now. You
  will both get 10 strokes for every second you are late. Now GO!" 
 I took Wendy's hand and pulled her behind me as we ran to the room. She
  put her clothes on the bed whilst I threw my case down and began frantically
  to take my clothes off. At last I was nude and we ran to the lounge where Ted
  sat in an armchair with his watch in his hand. He laughed and told us we were
  3 seconds late. He told Wendy to lie over his knee and proceeded to give her
  a sound thrashing. I could hear his hand go smack then a sniffle from Wendy.
  Her bum began to take on a red look and I could see the handprints on it. At
  last it was over and he ordered her to stand with her hands behind her head
  with her legs open. 
 I looked at Ted fearfully wondering whether he would punish me the same
  way- spanking over the knee or did he have some other idea? I soon found out
  as he smiled and said, "Now, young Pauline, you should know better than to
  disobey me for you have had experience of my anger. As a lesson to you and
  to the slut I am going to double the punishment and you will get 60 strokes
  for being late and just to help you both to remember, I'll use the cane on
  you. Now I know that you will want to scream so I am going to gag you. Slut,
  go over to the table and bring me the cane, the penis gag and 4 clothes pegs" 
 Wendy ran to do as she was told and came back with all the things she had
  been ordered to get. Ted picked up the pegs and told Wendy to stand in front
  of him. He pegged one on each of her tits. She cried out with the pain and
  instinctively put her hands up towards her tits to try to take them off. Ted
  said, " We'll have none of that! They stay on until I take them off" With that
  he smacked her bottom hard. Then he put the other two pegs on my tits. I winced
  at the pain and  
cried out but knew from past experience that they were there to stay however
  much pain I was in. 
I watched in horror as he got Wendy to suck the penis gag and ordered her
  to put up her cunt. He went to her and played with the "cock" then took it
  out and shoved up my cunt! He did the same, pushing the thing in and out of
  me making me feel wet and sexy. Then he pulled it out and stuck it into my
  mouth- I now had this loathsome thing with both of our cunt-juices in my mouth
  and then Ted strapped it around my head. He then took the cane and waved it
  in front of me and ordered Wendy to count for me. Then it started! He used
  his full force with the cane and as he slashed at my bum it seemed as though
  it was on fire. SLASH, THWACK. The blows rained on my poor arse, 20 strokes
  on each cheek. The pain was almost unbearable and felt sure that I was bleeding.
  Wendy was looking on with amazement and fear as she counted out the strokes.
  Ted ordered me to open my legs and he somehow managed to cane my cunt! I nearly
  passed out with the pain but managed to keep my hands from trying to shield
  myself as I knew that would bring more punishment. Eventually my ordeal was
  over and Ted let me lie on the bed to recover. He then turned his attention
  to the slut as he called her for he made her lie on her stomach (still with
  her nipple pegs) and fucked her in the arse. She cried out as he entered her
  and tried to stop him but he penetrated her right up to the limit. She sobbed
  as he drove in her and shuddered as he came. After a short time he pulled out
  of her and turned her to one side and stuck his cock near her face. Wendy kept
  her mouth shut tightly but a few strokes of the cane across her back soon made
  her change her mind and she licked the dirty cock clean. 
 Ted ordered me to go and get the three of us some coffee. Whilst I was doing
  this I heard, through an inter-com he had switched on, him tell Wendy that
  she was going to have a lot more thrashings before she left on Sunday and have
  his cock in all her holes again and again. 
 We drank our coffee as we sat gingerly on the sofa. Both of us girls still
  had our nipple pegs on. He played with each of our cunts in turn and then said
  that as it was getting too late for me to cook, he'd phone for pizzas. After
  he had done this he said we could take off our pegs but I had to take Wendy's
  pegs off with my teeth and she was to do the same for me. As I did this I licked
  her tits to soothe the pain of taking them off. She reacted immediately and
  started moaning. I told her to take mine off and lick me in the same way. As
  she did I too reacted and instinctively we kissed each other and explored each
  other's cunt. Ted looked on with a smile on his face. Then there came a ring
  at the door-the pizzas had arrived. Ted told Wendy to go to the door and get
  them. She was going to protest about her nakedness then thought better of it-
  as she went through the lounge doorway he told her to ask the deliveryman to
  come in whilst she got the money. We heard her open the front door and a surprised
  voice said, "Er, er- here are your pizzas, Miss."  
Wendy invited him to come in whilst she went for the money. She came back
  into the lounge and as Ted gave her the money he told her to give the deliveryman
  a free blowjob. Her face was a picture as she stammered. " I just can't do
  that. What will he think of me?" Ted told her he'd think she was a slut, which
  she was and go and get on with it. 
 She said to the young man "Here's your money but before you go please let
  me give you a free blow job. Please, oh please as if I don't suck you off,
  I'm going to get a beating!" 
 He said "You what? Did I hear right? You want to suck my cock-just like
  that? And you say that if I don't let you, it'll mean a beating for you? No!
  I can't believe it!" 
 Ted got up and went to the door and told the young lad to come in to the
  lounge and he'd show him he meant it. The boy, who was only about 19, came
  in and Ted told me to show him my bum with its welts. He said, "Now do you
  believe me? This one is my live-in housekeeper and that one is a visiting slut
  who's here for sex and punishment. Now don't be shy. Let Wendy-slut do it or
  else both of them get a whipping." 
 He shrugged his shoulders and said "I've been doing this for about a year
  now. I've had several naked men and women come to the door, but I've never
  had an invitation to have my cock sucked. Well, girlie get on with it. Hey
  you're not taking pictures or a video of this?" 
 Ted assured him that nothing was being filmed and with that Wendy knelt
  before Tony (as his name badge said) and unzipped his pants and pulled out
  his cock. She looked at it with surprise for it was a big cock but she started
  licking his shaft and he started to respond to her movements. As we watched,
  Ted slid his finger into my cunt and I quickly became very horny. As Wendy
  began deep throating the boy, Ted's movements came much faster and I began
  moaning begging him to take me and make me cum and sure enough we both did.
  Tony's face reddened and he started to shout "Yes! Go on! Suck it all out!'
  With that he shot his load into Wendy's mouth and then she licked him clean
  and grinned up at him. She said " Did you like that? I love swallowing a man's
  cum. I've already had Master's tonight and I'm sure I'll have more either tonight
  or tomorrow." 
 Ted said "Well, young Tony. I rather think you liked that. Come and see
  us tomorrow and we'll have some more fun. Have ever beaten a woman? Tomorrow
  I'll show how to do it. Interested?" 
 Tony smiled and said, " You bet I'll be here tomorrow. Is 2 o'clock OK?" Ted
  agreed the time and told Wendy to take Tony to the kitchen for a cold drink
  and for me to set the table for the meal. Soon Wendy came back in after showing
  Tony out. She was a little put out by what she had just been made to do and
  complained about us looking on. Ted told her that it was too bad; she was a
  slut and would do whatever he wanted her to do until Sunday evening 
 Wendy was not allowed to sit at the table for Ted said that sluts don't
  sit at tables but eat on the floor. My bum was very sore from the heavy thrashing
  I'd received. I didn't expect to be punished more than Wendy but that was what
  had happened. After we had finished eating, Ted told Slut to get coffee for
  us. Whilst she was gone he started kissing my poor ravaged tits and made me
  cry out as he suddenly bit me hard 
. He lifted his head and laughed and put his finger on the blood that was
  coming from the bite. 
He said that he wondered whether it tasted OK; he made it bleed more then
  licked up all the blood! Then Wendy brought in the tray of coffee. She knelt
  in front of Ted and gave him his cup then me. She was just going to pick up
  hers when Ted said he needed a pee and told her to attend to it, She was a
  bit slow and received a smack across her tits before unzipping Ted and taking
  his cock out and dutifully putting it in her mouth and she was swallowing his
  piss, She finished and licked it clean and gave it a big kiss. We all had our
  drinks then he said it was time for the slut to receive her first good thrashing
  but first she was to clear the dishes away and put them in the dishwasher.
  She hurried to do it and came back and without being told took up the Present
  position. She had a lovely body and her breasts stuck out proudly in front
  and her shaved cunt looked very inviting. 
 "Right, Pauline" said Ted "Now to business. Get that belt for yourself and
  I'm going to  
 use the cane. The first 20 will be without a gag so we can hear the slut's
  song. Slut, keep your hands on your head. Pauline, stand on the left and I'll
  be here on the right. Don't forget as hard as possible or else you'll feel
  the cane again. Start now!" I raised the belt as far back as possible and brought
  it down on Wendy's bum and I saw a red stripe come up straight away. She sucked
  in her breath but didn't say anything. Then Ted's cane came down on the other
  cheek and she winced and sobbed. My next one laid into the top of the bum and
  I had the satisfaction of hearing her cry and start shouting. Ted came down
  on the other side again and this went on with her screaming. After we had given
  her 20 strokes she dropped to her knees and said " Please Master and Mistress
  don't beat me any more' I don't think I can stand it."  
 Ted laughed and said "That's not what you said either at the beach or when
  I phoned you. Bad luck for you as we have only just begun. I don't want to
  hear you whining so you can have the gag. Pauline, get it ready the same way
  as slut did for you." 
 So I did just that- licked the "penis" then put it up my cunt and Ted came
  and "helped" as he said. He kept pulling the thing in and out making me very
  wet and then I came. I pulled it out of my cunt and put it in Wendy's and got
  her juices well mixed with mine. Then Ted took it out of me and forced Wendy
  to open her mouth by pulling her hair and shoved the penis gag into it. He
  got the handcuffs and made her put her hands behind her and chained her wrists
  together. 
Only then did he start again on her punishment. He laid into her with the
  cane and soon her bum was a mass of weals. He gave her 20 strokes on the bum
  then changed to the belt and thrashed her tits without mercy for another 20
  strokes. She was sobbing in to her gag and could hardly stand. Ted took off
  the handcuffs but said she had to keep the gag in for the time being. 
 Ted beckoned me to kneel on the floor in front of him and said I was to
  suck his cock again! How could he keep going as he had fucked Slut 's arse
  not more than 30 minutes ago plus he had had his cock sucked off earlier? So
  once again I had my mouth full of cock. I sucked and sucked but it took about
  10 minutes to bring him off- but his juice was just as thick as before. I licked
  him clean once again. Then he patted the sofa next to him and I sat down whilst
  Wendy was ordered to sit on the floor, still with her gag in place 
. He put a video on and it was about a girl slave being fucked by about 20
  men. She was exhausted by the time all had had her but 4 wanted second helpings
  and helped themselves to get erect again by playing with her tits. Two of them
  decided that the back passage would be good to fuck and we watched as she had
  to let all this happen for her Master was watching every thing she did and
  now and again struck her with a whip.  
After watching the video Ted decided that it was bedtime for all of us. He
  took the gag off Wendy and we all got in to the one bed.  
 Ted played with our cunts and tits but was too exhausted to want any more
  sex!  
 (To be Continued)  
MAID FOR COMFORT-Part 5   
By Hajim   
 Ted had played with both of our cunts before he turned on his side and went
  sound off to sleep. I whispered to Wendy to slide out of the bed and come round
  to my side, as there was more room on my side. She slipped in and we kissed
  very passionately and it didn't take long before we were kissing, sucking and
  licking each other's tits. I slipped my fingers in to Wendy's very wet cunt
  and she started moaning. I put my other hand over her mouth and she put her
  fingers up my cunt and within a couple of minutes we had both come. We were
  exhausted and soon dropped off to sleep, cuddling each other. Sometime in the
  night, Ted woke up and wanted a piss and being too lazy to get out of bed woke
  Wendy up and she had to drink all of his piss. She wasn't too happy about it
  but knew she would have been severely whipped if she had refused to do it.  
 I woke up about 7am and tiptoed out to make tea for us all. I thought I
  had better get Ted's paper from outside so cautiously opened the front door
  and went to fetch it just as a truck passed the gate. It stopped quickly and
  reversed and its occupants had a good perve at my nude state. I just smiled
  and waved to them and went back indoors I unwrapped the paper and put besides
  Ted's breakfast setting and then made the tea and went back to the bedroom
  and gently woke Ted. He looked at my naked figure and smiled and pulled me
  to him and kissed me before putting my hand on his cock whilst he kicked Wendy
  to wake her up.  
 He said " What a pleasant sight to wake up to- a beautiful cunt right before
  my eyes and another one behind me. Let's drink our tea as we have a busy day
  before us. Pauline will want to go shopping for food supplies as she can cook
  a nice dinner for us all and you, my Wendy-slut, I am sure Pauline has some
  jobs for you to do and don't forget Tony the pizza chap is coming for some
  service this afternoon."  
 So we had our morning tea with Ted having a feel of both of us; we didn't
  complain! In fact both of us got quite excited. Ted got out of bed and pulled
  on a dressing gown but, of course, both of us girls remained naked. So to breakfast-I
  made some toast whilst Wendy made tea. We sat each side of Ted so that he could
  touch us up and got both of us aroused, so much so that Wendy knelt down and
  kissed his cock and started sucking it. Ted's face was a picture of rapture
  as she deep-throated him and she smiled up at him as he shot his load into
  her mouth. He said that I had been lazy in not kissing him whilst he was being
  sucked and said I would get the first beating of the day.  
He ordered me to stand in the "Present" position which I knew from my reading
  of porn on the Internet was to put my hands behind my head which made my tits
  stick out whilst I stood with my legs open so my cunt was exposed. When I was
  in position, he walked round me and ordered Wendy to get the cane. She ran
  across the room to do his bidding then was told to take up the same position
  next to me. Ted stroked the cane over both of us and I realized that he was
  going to punish both of us. The cane landed with a great SWISH on my backside,
  followed by another 9. The pain shot through me and I found it difficult to
  hold my position. Then he started on Wendy and she started to cry and took
  her hands away from her head- she was ordered to resume position and received
  twice the number of strokes I had received. Then he started on our tits first
  a stroke on mine then one on Wendy's and so on for another 10 each. I looked
  at her and saw red weals right across her breasts Ted wasn't finished yet though
  as he next attacked my cunt. I felt the cane slice into my vagina-he must have
  been very accurate! I felt quite sick and then doubled up with the pain; my
  hands came off my head to shield my sore cunt. Ted said "Position, cunt-slave" So
  back I went and he carried on flogging my poor cunt until I had received 20
  cuts. Ted said he thought he would leave Wendy's further punishment until later
  and that she was to do the washing up whilst we got ready to go shopping.  
 I thought we were going out right away, however Ted had other ideas! First,
  he put nipple clips on my tits, and then he made me fetch a large butt-plug,
  which he shoved into my arse following this with a big rubber cock, which he
  lubed before inserting in me. To keep these in place he put a soft harness
  on me that was linked to a belt that he said I had to wear. Then he told me
  to go and get a dress and shoes on. I found it sexy walking with these adornments-
  every step I took I could feel a sensation in both my bum and my cunt. So,
  at last, I was ready to go out; dressed for the first time since we had arrived
  last night. When I got back in to the living room, Ted was also ready. He told
  me that before we left, I was to give Slut a job to do. Now I had read a story
  on the Net, which I thought would be fun to try out on her. I told Wendy she
  had to wash the kitchen floor. She smiled and said that it would be easy but
  when I told how she was going to do it she was not so happy. First I handcuffed
  her hands behind her back, then got a large towel which I put in to her bum-hole
  and then shoved a butt plug in after that. She started crying but Ted told
  her to shut her face as she knew she would be subject to pain and humiliation
  when she decided to spend the weekend with him. This did stop her moaning.  
I got a bowl of warm soapy water with a floor-cloth and told her she had
  to wash the floor with the cloth in her mouth and then dry and polish it with
  the towel. I told her that I expected it to be finished when we got back or
  else! To make sure she cleaned it all I sprinkled some flour around the floor.
  Ted looked quite entranced as she put the cloth in her mouth and crossed to
  the far corner. Her arse stuck up in the air and moved quite provocatively
  as she moved to and fro. After a few minutes, she came back to the bowl, placed
  the cloth in to it and then turned round and started polishing the part she
  had washed. We were watching her and enjoying her predicament but Ted said
  it was time to go shopping.  
 We drove for a few minutes and my cunt felt every slight bump in the road
  and my bum was getting quite roused as the butt plug pressed in to me as I
  sat in the seat. We got to the supermarket and I pushed a trolley whilst we
  selected all the things we needed. When we had finished, Ted said we were going
  to have a coffee and sat me down whilst he fetched the drinks. Of course, the
  seat was again pushing both my dildo and my butt plug further in and soon I
  was squirming as I started to cum. Just then Ted returned and saw me wriggling
  and laughed at my antics and said that it was fun to see me like that.  
At last, it was time to go home and soon we were there. We carried our purchases
  indoors and found a very unhappy Wendy had finished her cleaning but was covered
  with dirt especially round her tits and face. Ted and I put the stuff away
  before we attended to Wendy. Then at Ted's demand I stripped before I inspected
  the floor carefully and found one spot which had not been properly cleaned-I
  showed Wendy and she began to cry as she knew she was in for more punishment!  
I asked permission from Ted to thrash her, which he, naturally, gave. I picked
  up the belt and let it trail over her tits and then I gave a gentle lash across
  them and across her bum; but then I struck with all my strength and she was
  soon whimpering as her bum became redder. I stopped after 20 and then uncuffed
  her wrists. I told her to thank me for her punishment, which she did.  
 Only then were we allowed to take off all our restraints. It was bliss when
  the butt plug and dildo came out and I could see that Wendy was equally relieved.
  Ted told her she could go and have a bath and she could have half an hour to
  relax in it and be back to join us in the garden. Ted got some drinks for us
  and we sat in the sunshine in the garden.  
We talked about the treatment we had given Wendy and both wondered if she
  would ever return Just after 20 minutes later, Wendy joined us looking much
  more presentable. Ted told her to sit and fetched a drink. What a changeable
  character he was! Very strict, very severe in his punishment, a glutton for
  sex-yet here he was fetching drinks for both of us!  
We sat for about half an hour, then Ted said as it was 1 o'clock we had better
  have lunch so we'd be ready for our visitor. We ate our rolls and drank some
  wine whilst still out in the sun. (I wondered if any of Ted's neighbours could
  see into his garden and watch two beautiful naked women sitting with a clothed
  man.) About 1.30 us girls took the dishes in and cleared up When we done we
  went back to Ted and I asked how we should act with Tony. He laughed and said
  I was to go to the door and let him in and then kneel and suck his cock without
  making him come whilst he was going to give Slut (as he called Wendy again)
  an over the knee spanking. Neither of us was very pleased with the scenario
  but both knew we had to obey orders!  
 The clock crept nearer to 2 and right on the dot the bell rang. Ted put
  Wendy across his knee and started spanking her and she was soon wailing at
  the pain. I went to the door and there was Tony, looking very smart in his
  off-duty clothes. He looked at me and I pulled him in and shut the door. He
  said, "Where's the other one? Oh I can hear her! But it's nice to see you ready
  for a fuck!" I ignored that and knelt down and unzipped him and pulled his
  big cock out and started to suck it. I looked up and saw his eyes were closed
  as he enjoyed my attention. I pulled off him and rose and took his hand and
  led him into the lounge where his eyes almost popped out of his head as he
  saw Ted thrashing Wendy's bum which was looking decidedly red!  
 "Hullo, Tony! Just warming this slut up a bit. Have you spanked a girl before
  and would you like to take over from me?" Ted said. Tony grinned and said he
  hadn't spanked before, but there was always a first time! Ted ordered Wendy
  to get up from his knee and lie across Tony's. I could see that she wasn't
  too happy about this but obeyed, as she knew that disobedience would get her
  more punishment. Tony gingerly started to spank her bum but Ted said it wasn't
  hard enough. With that, Tony renewed his efforts and soon had Wendy crying
  for him to stop. He looked at Ted questioningly and Ted told him to carry on.
  Poor Wendy's bum was now a mass of red weals- still he carried on until finally
  he stopped, exhausted .Ted and I had been watching what was happening and I
  felt some sympathy for her but didn't say anything. When Tony had stopped,
  Ted said it was about time I had some punishment and picked up the cane and
  proceeded to flog me once again. THRASH, SMACK-every stroke felt like torture
  as the cane bit into my cunt. I felt some blood running down my leg but he
  ignored that and turned to my tits and thrashed those. Tony was lying on the
  sofa getting his breath back whilst Wendy knelt down and sucked his cock again  
 Ted said to Tony that he should get cleaned up in the shower with Slut to
  help him but that first he made it clear that whilst he should always be addressed
  by the two girls as Master, Tony was to be called "Sir" I was Pauline or Slave
  and Wendy was always Slut. Both when fucking cunt or anus a condom had to be
  used-adding that there was a plentiful supply in all rooms, however oral sex
  didn't require a condom. So Tony took Wendy to the bathroom and as I found
  out later had pissed in Wendy's mouth. I waited for my orders and was soon
  being bum-fucked by Master. Ted got me to open my legs wide and then got his
  cock wetted in my mouth before cruelly lunging straight into me. I screamed
  at the pain and almost passed out but the insistent fucking eventually brought
  to a climax. At last he drew out of me and pointed to his condom-covered cock.
  I knew what I had to do and knelt down and pulled it off and then cleaned it
  up with my tongue. Then it was to the bathroom for a shower together with me
  on my knees again sucking his cock, and then we dried each other and went into
  the bedroom where Tony and Wendy were just lying with their hands on each other  
 "Up, Slut" said Ted. "Now, I'm going to lie next to Tony and you are going
  to lick and kiss your way up our bodies from the soles of our feet to the top
  of our heads, giving special attention to our anuses. You are to push your
  tongue right up each of us and of course when we turn over you will suck our
  cocks again. Do you both understand or do you have to be whipped first?'  
 We both nodded in agreement. I had never before put my tongue up a man's
  bum before but the thought pf another beating and still having to do it made
  me accept the situation. So Ted and Tony lay on their stomachs and we started
  on the journey. Ted was the first to moan with pleasure as I licked his right
  hand sole and sucked his toes and when I got to his arse and pulled his cheeks
  wider he was shouting " Yes! Further up! " I found the sensation not as bad
  as I expected and was beginning to cum as he wriggled about under me. I could
  see that Tony was also enjoying himself. So we moved up to  
 their heads and nibbled at their ears. The two men were moaning with pleasure
  and when I kissed Ted's mouth he grabbed my head and thrust his tongue into
  me. God! It was marvellous! His hand slid into my cunt and I started to shake
  as the excitement built up in me. But Ted pushed me away from his face and
  told me to carry on my journey around his body. I licked his other ear and
  started to travel down his back, eventually reaching his hole again and so
  I opened his cheeks and tongued him deeply again. And so back down his leg
  and finishing off by sucking the toes of his left foot.  
When Wendy had reached Tony's foot, Ted told him to turn over so that they
  could get attention on their fronts. So once again we kissed and licked our
  way up our man's body and came to their very rigid cocks. I kissed the tip
  of Ted's before sliding it in to my mouth. I sucked as it went further down
  my throat than I'd ever had a cock go before. Suddenly it was too much for
  Ted and he came into my mouth- I nearly choked but eventually the cock subsided.
  I watched as Wendy did the same to Tony but he didn't take as long to come
  as Ted, I suppose Ted had more practice! I still knelt beside Ted and stroked
  his cock and sure enough it started to get hard again. He pushed me down on
  to his body and I resumed my kicking and kissing paying a lot of attention
  to his nipple and once again he was moaning with pleasure. Up to his ears again
  and more deep throat kissing and back down again. The other nipple got the
  same attention and I found myself back at the cock and took it back into my
  mouth. Unbelievably Ted was back at full erection again as I kissed his cock
  and slid it in to my mouth again. It still tasted of his cum but I was past
  caring! I was enjoying this as much as he was! He didn't cum again and I let
  his cock out and traveled back down to his other foot. At last we were finished
  or were we? We watched Wendy going much slower with Tony and she hardly put
  Tony's cock into her mouth. When she reached his feet, Ted asked Tony if he
  had enjoyed that. Tony smiled and said it was the best afternoon he had ever
  had!  
 "I think we'll swap partners and do it all over again." Ted said. I sighed,
  I didn't really want to suck another man's cock nor did I feel like licking
  Tony's arse but, of course, he was all in favour of this and so we started
  again. Tony was quicker in his responses to treatment and was moaning very
  loudly when I got to his bum. I pulled him open and found that I could get
  my tongue further up him than I had with Ted. It was a great sensation as Tony
  moved his arse so that I could bring him off- but he stopped, rolled over and
  pushed my head on to his throbbing cock and almost immediately shot a big load
  of cum down my throat. I cleaned his cock up and he rolled back on to his tummy
  and I resumed my kissing and licking. Again, he shuddered as I nibbled his
  ears, then he decided that he would warm me up with a whip and I had to endure
  another 20 lashes on my very sore bum. Then back down to his toes and turn
  over and back up the front, suck cock and back up to his mouth which I covered
  in kisses (might as well give him the full treatment!) and then back down again.  
 Now Ted suggested a good old-fashioned fuck so on with the condoms and Tony
  slipped into me. His cock wasn't very erect, as he had already climaxed several
  times but he said he'd get stiffer if he thrashed me again-first, he used a
  belt across my tits and then a good hand spanking across his knees. He was
  big enough now! He drove into me like a bloody steam engine and my poor cunt
  felt as if it was on fire. He quickly came but sadly, I didn't! I did my usual
  cleaning duty with my tongue. Poor Wendy was having her arse fucked by Ted
  and was bucking up and down with each of his strokes. He suddenly cried out
  and I knew he had shot his load. She looked back at him and smiled as his cock
  slipped out of her bum. Without a word, he pointed to his cock. Wendy sighed
  and knelt down and I could see all his cum on the inside of the condom. Ted
  picked up his belt and gave her five lashes before telling her to lick his
  cum off the condom and then to clean his cock. She quickly did as she was told,
  as she didn't want any more punishment!  
 It was after 4.30and Tony said he had to go soon as he was on duty at the
  pizza shop at 6 and he had to get home and change. Ted told him to go with
  Slut to have another shower, so off they went. And Ted and I heard them laughing
  and then it was quiet as he made her suck his cock yet again. Ted was playing
  with my cunt again (!) and he told me that I was very wet again and I'd better
  service him again so he tried to fuck me again. But the spirit was willing
  but the body was weak and he could hardly get an erection let alone fuck me
  properly. This annoyed him so he took it out on my tits using his belt to whip
  me. I screamed but he continued. Then Tony and Wendy came in with Tony dressed
  and ready to go.  
 "Ted" he said, "I've had the best sex I've ever had. Can I please come back
  another day? Wendy or, as you prefer, Slut says she is only here until tomorrow
  but she tells me she's had a wonderful time, apart from the cleaning job Pauline
  made her do!"  
 Ted said he could come the next morning about 10 until about 1 or so. Satisfied,
  Tony took Wendy to the front door and we heard them kissing.  
She came back in to the room and asked what did she have to do now. I said
  we were going to have a nice candlelit dinner and she was to help me prepare
  it  
 --------------------------  
 (To be Continued)  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Hajim


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





