BDSM Library - Black Meat for A White Lady




Black Meat for A White Lady
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: ... and her wimp hubby. Wife's friend acquaints her with a website where white husbands serve their wives and black lovers and submit to castration. Amy, the wife loves the idea and decides that is what she is missing.Black Meat for a White Lady&hellip;  
 and her wimp hubby  
copyright 2004  
Marion  
When Loren entered the house he heard the laughter coming from the sun porch
  and headed in that direction. He found his wife Amy and her best friend Sharon
  sipping wine, smoking long narrow cigars and obviously having a good time chatting.  
Sharon was a tall, very thin woman who Loren guessed was to thin not to be
  anorexic! He had seen her in a swimming suit several times and often fantasized
  about her sexually. He was attracted to the wide space between her thighs and
  when she wore her high heels she was incredibly enticing. She had all the features
  of a classic evil dominatrix as her face was cut with sharp lines, her jaw
  was firm, her eyes dark green, a long lean neck and her hair a deep rich auburn
  color, long deep hollow cheeks so that even when she smiled, she looked mean,
  angry and, to Lorne, quite sensuous!  
His wife Amy was just the opposite. Not fat, but she was slightly plump with
  a warm smile, full breasts, wide hips that dipped into her waist in a very
  sexy manner. Her legs were beautiful, very narrow at the ankle with firm calves
  and full, firm thighs! She stood only five-three compared to Sharon's five-eight,
  but she had a powerful, but subdued presence. He loved her more than life itself.  
"Hello love!" He said leaning down to give her a peck on the cheek. "Hi Sharon!"  
"Hello Darling!" Amy responded, "We were just talking about you."  
He smiled. "So, I'm the cause of all this humor and chuckling?"  
"Well Darling," Amy responded, glancing at Sharon with a wink, "we were discussing
  macho men and their, ahh, physical attributes." The women exchange mischievous
  smiles.  
Loren felt a blush run into his cheeks.  
"Amy was telling me you&hellip;" Sharon chuckled, "come up a little short
  in the endowment category!" She pointed towards his crotch as both women broke
  into laughter.  
"Jesus!" Loren said taking a step backwards, shocked that Amy would be revealing
  the size of his penis to another woman.  
Amy reached out and took his hand. "Oh Darling, don't be upset, you can't
  help it that your penis is small and besides, it's just girl talk. We're just
  having a little fun!"  
"Shit!" He responded. "Some things you just don't discuss publicly!"  
"I'd love to see it!" Sharon said sipping her wine and taking a drag on her
  cigar.  
"Fuck you!" He responded in a light but firm tone, trying to make light of
  the issue. "Maybe I'll do it if you drop your panties and show me your cunt?"  
"Oh, now we're going to play a little you show me, I'll show you!" Sharon
  countered  
"Oh come on Darling!" Amy urged, you've always said you loved me and would
  do anything for me."  
"You know I would, but that did not include exposing myself in front of your
  friends."  
"Oh I get it, Loren. You make provisional promises to your wife that you
  back out of whenever it suits you." Sharon said, a wicked smile crossing her
  lips.  
Amy took his hand and kissed the back of it. "Come on Sweetheart. Sharon
  has seen plenty of men naked." She looked up at him with her pleading puppy
  eyes that she often used to sway his opinion. "Do it for me Darling! I told
  her how you always say you'd do anything for me. Do this for me, please! I
  think your little pee-pee is cute."  
"Honey, no."  
"Loren, for God's sake, I just want to see your little pecker." Adding with
  a devilish grin: "If you don't show it to me, maybe I'll just have to tell
  all our mutual friends that your poor little wife is so unhappy because her
  hubby has a tiny little pee-pee and can't satisfy her!" She tossed a smile
  at Amy and they both broke into another chuckle.  
"See Honey, you don't want Sharon to be a gossip and tell everyone that,
  do you? |Sharon just asked me about our sex life and, well, you have to admit,
  you don't satisfy me like a real man! I'm just being honest with my friend."  
"Jesus, this is crazy!" Loren said, his lower lip quivering. "Now that you've
  told her, what&hellip; what's to stop her from telling everyone even if I do
  show her?"  
"Oh, she wouldn't, would you Shar?"  
"No, of course not. Not if you let me see it now. Come on Loren, just a little
  peek." Sharon said as she exhaled a long thin stream of smoke from her lips. "Lots
  of men have small dicks, that doesn't make them any less of a man&hellip;or
  does it?"  
"She knows it's small Honey, I just want to prove how small it is. It's all
  in fun. I just want to have a little fun. Please, for me? She won't tell anyone,
  will you?" She turned to Sharon for a response.  
"Of course not, it's just between us girls." She looked up over her glasses
  with a wicked smile. "All three of us!"  
Loren blushed again hearing her include him as one of the girls. "This is
  fucking insane!"  
"Please! Just undo your pants and pull down your shorts for just a minute,
  that's all!"  
"Loren, she's all ready told me how you can't get it big enough to stay inside
  her when you two fuck! That must be so humiliating for you, not being able
  to really make love to a woman! I understand why you're embarrassed, not being
  a real man!"  
Loren tried to swallow the huge lump that formed in his throat as she continued.  
 "Amy tells me that when you get an erection it's too small to even get your
  piss head inside her, and that you keep falling out!" She couldn't suppress
  her smile, which broke into a chuckle. "Loren, I've never seen a cock too small
  to stay inside a pussy when it's hard. Come on let's see it. Besides we all
  know it isn't size that counts. Hell, look at the two of you. You've been married
  for what, five years?"  
"Seven, but why Amy? Why are you doing this? Honey, I'd never put you in
  a spot like this."  
"Well, Sharon is my best friend, and besides, you know how frustrating it
  is for me to get an orgasm when we have sex! I love you, it just that you can't
  satisfy me sexually and Sharon is trying to help me."  
"See your wife doesn't think less of you because you've got a small cock
  and an incompetent lover." Sharon took a long drag, which was incredibly sensuous
  and erotic. "She's just trying to find a way to fulfill her needs and desires."  
Loren felt blood rushing into his groin. This sexual humiliation was in some
  weird way turning him on! He felt wetness in his shorts as his groin muscles
  contracted.  
 "Also, Sharon told me about this sex website that she found that sounds
  really exciting! We're going to go take a look at it. We can all take a look
  at it after we show her your cute little pecker!" Amy said caressing his hand,
  still in hers.  
"Website?"  
"Yes, sounds really erotic! Got me all hot and excited as she told me about
  it. It's about husbands and wives and how the men help the wives get real gratification!
  It's called BIW."  
"What? What do they do? What's a website got to do with any of this?"  
"Well now don't get all apprehensive. It's just something that sounds really
  erotic and exciting and I'd like to see it. It's&hellip;" Amy turned to Sharon
  for help.  
Sharon smiled and looked at Loren over the rim of her glasses. "It's all
  about frustrated white women, like Amy, who have found sexual gratification
  with African-American men! BIW stands for Black In White Women! You see, these
  gorgeous, well hung black men fuck the wives while their husbands watch and,
  well, service them!"  
"God, I get excited just hearing her talk about it!" Amy said squeezing Loren's
  hand tightly. "Imagine a black man making love to me while you watch! I can
  just see you kneeling naked beside the bed while her fucks me and kisses me
  and sucks on my breasts! And the two of us laugh and call you names and you
  cry as you beat your meat and tell me how much you love me!"  
"Niggers? You want to fuck black guys?"  
"Well, there's no need to use that kind of language. I've heard about how
  big black men are and how good they are in bed. It's kind of exciting to think
  about, isn't it? A huge muscular black man with a huge cock fucking me in front
  of you! We call you names like a honky faggot and queer little white boy and
  I tell him that you will suck his cock clean when he finishes! And I scream
  in ecstasy as he fills my womb with his hot spunk! Remember how you once told
  me you had a fantasy about me fucking another man in front of you?"  
"That was in the heat of the moment! I was horny, it had nothing to do with
  reality!"  
"Oh! You can fantasized, but she can't?" Sharon countered.  
"Yes! No! Errr, I guess&hellip;it just doesn't seem right!" Loren was frustrated
  and found himself confused. "You want me to watch you fucking a black guy right
  here in our home?"  
"Yes!"  
"Don't be such a prude!" Sharon interrupted. "For God's sake it goes on everyday
  all over the fucking world! It's a website about men who actually love their
  wives enough to make sure they get the satisfaction they need and deserve!
  Not a bunch of selfish assholes, but men who truly love their wives and are
  willing to do everything possible to make them happy!"  
"I'm not a selfish asshole!" Loren countered.  
"Of course you are! Most men are! These are real men who aren't afraid to
  show their wives how much they love them! They think of their wives happiness
  and satisfaction above their own selfish desire to fuck and run! And unlike
  you, most of these guys have cocks that actually are big enough to really fuck
  their wives, but they understand their wives need more!"  
"Jesus! You're telling me they do this willingly?"  
"Of course! Not only do they let their wives get fucked by these black studs,
  these guys suck the black guys cocks until they get nice and wet and hard!"  
"Bullshit!"  
"No, no bullshit. They not only suck the studs cock until it's nice and hard,
  they help place these huge cocks into their wives cunts and when the black
  lover finishes fucking his wife, they lick the black guys cum out of her cunt
  and suck the black guys cock nice and clean!"  
"You've got to be shitting me!"  
"No Loren. It's true!" Amy blurted with excitement in her voice. "You'll
  see when we look at the Internet site! These white guys love their wives so
  much they even serve their wives and black lovers drinks and meals, they do
  the cooking and some&hellip; get this&hellip; some dress up in real frilly
  women's outfits like maids!" Amy was rubbing her crotch through her skirt as
  she spoke: "To know you loved me enough to help another man put his cock inside
  me, and watch him kiss me and fuck me! Oh and if you loved me enough, you would
  get down between my legs and lick his cum out of me while he puts his wet cock
  inside your rectum and fucks you! Oh, if only you loved me that much? It would
  be so wonderful to see you kneeling beside the bed playing with yourself watching
  me finally enjoy sex with a real man!"  
"I bet you do like to play with yourself, don't you Loren?" Sharon added,
  almost as a throw away line: "Amy's right, a man who is willing to give his
  wife to a real man to make her happy is a sign of true love, but some men take
  their love a step further and make a lifetime commitment to demonstrate their
  love!"  
"More than giving their wives to other men?"  
"Yes. Listen to this!" Amy urged. Her hand was up under her skirt massaging
  her clitoris.  
"Honey, what are you doing?" Loren asked dumbfounded.  
"Something you can't do for her!" Sharon responded.  
"Jesus, you're masturbating here in front of Sharon!"  
"Yes! Oh yes! We've done it before, many times, right Shar?" Amy said closing
  her eyes relishing the pleasure of her fingers.  
"Yes my love!" Sharon responded, "Anyway Loren, some of these white husbands
  love their wives so much that they submit to castration and to a life of servitude
  and obedience! They become their slaves!" It was obvious she was enjoying sharing
  this information with Loren.  
 "Oh God, have you ever heard of such a wonderful commitment of love? To
  have a man love you so much that he would submit to having his testicles cut
  off, and commit the rest of his life to being a slave and servant to his wife
  and her lovers! I can't wait to see the website again, it's our favorite! Both
  the men and women have testimonials as to how happy they are! The white men
  love serving their wives and making them happy!"  
"Jesus! They cut their nuts off for their wives?"  
"Yes Darling! Isn't it the most wonderful, supreme sacrifice a man could
  ever make for his wife, just to prove his love? Oh Honey, if you would you
  even think of doing that for me&hellip; do you think you love me enough to
  have your testicles cut off so that you'd never be able to cum again? Oh what
  a beautiful commitment of love!" She pulled him down so she could whisper in
  his ear. "&hellip;I'm all wet right now just thinking about it!"  
"You really want me to cut my nuts off?" Loren blurted in disbelief.  
"Well, they don't cut them off." Sharon chuckled, speaking from some level
  of knowledge that Loren could not comprehend and that he found incredibly frightening. "They
  slice open the sacks and take out your balls and sew them back up. Looks like
  a sewn up cunt with a useless clitoris! Some guys can still get an erection,
  but they can't ejaculate sperm! They are eunuchs!"  
"Eunuch's?" He knew what they were and his mind was racing thinking of what
  it would be like to be such a slave and servant to his wife! To watch her make
  love to other men! He had fantasized about such things, but now reality was
  staring him in the face! God, if only he could try it, it would be erotic,
  but it is such a final act of submission for a man!  
"Just like the queens in ancient Egypt used to have eunuchs to make love
  to without fear of being impregnated." Sharon continued as she sipped her wine
  and puffed on her cigar!  
"Well, Darling," Amy spoke in a soft compassionate tone, but he could hear
  the sadistic sarcasm. "Honestly, I mean if you want to be honest and admit
  it, you are more of a eunuch right now then those Egyptians were, aren't you?
  I mean you can't get inside me, or stay inside of me when we try to make love,
  you know you don't satisfy me and you can't maintain an erection like real
  men can. Except for you sneaking away into the bathroom or the computer room
  and playing with yourself, you're all ready a eunuch!"  
"Real men? I'm a real man God damit!" He felt a compulsion to defend himself
  even though everything she said was true! "Jesus Honey, what the hell are you
  talking about? Where did this all come from? I'm as real a fucking man as there
  is!"  
"Not from what I understand!" Sharon interjected with a chuckle.  
"In some ways, yes you are Darling." Amy had slipped her hand back under
  her skirt and was playing with herself. "But when it comes to sex, I mean fucking,
  you know you're not a man! I have to do it to myself and with Sharon! You know
  that, come on, be honest!"  
"You, you've had orgasms when we make love!" Loren's voice was shaking as
  he attempted to defend himself.  
"Oh, maybe when I straddle you and rub my clitoris against your tiny little
  mound until I cum! But that's no more than rubbing it against another pussy!
  Most times I have to fake it and then after you leave for work, I call Sharon
  and she comes over and makes real love to me! You've never been inside me like
  a real man! Christ if I didn't fuck before I met you I'd still be a fucking
  virgin! Your cock is nothing more than a clitoris on a pussy!"  
Sharon added: "Loren, face it, you're impotent and incompetent as a man!
  You're not a man! Jesus, don't you understand? You're a disgusting little man
  who sneaks away to play with himself while you can't give your wife any real
  sexual pleasure! You're not worth a shit as a husband!"  
"Jesus Honey&hellip;" Loren's voice was shaking and he couldn't swallow the
  lump in his throat. He knew more than anyone that everything they said was
  true! "I try! Yes, I play with myself while looking at dirty pictures on the
  Internet, but it's not easy for me either. I want to fuck you! I want to be
  a good lover, but I can't damit! I can't!"  
"That's bullshit!" Sharon scolded.  
Amy was getting angry: "Can't you understand Loren, I've tried to be nice!
  I've tried to tell you in as gentle a manner as possible, but you just don't
  get it Loren! As a man, as my husband, you disgust me! You're an impotent bastard
  who has cheated me out of years of pleasure that I need and deserve! I'm a
  healthy, attractive, sexually frustrated woman, don't I deserve some pleasure?"  
"Yes, but, do these&hellip; these eunuch's still get erections?" Loren asked.  
"Jesus, are you listening to your wife you selfish bastard?" Sharon responded. "All
  you can fucking think of his getting a hard on while your wife is telling you
  she is suffering because of you! Think about her for a change! That's the problem
  with men like you! You think your cock, even a little one like yours, is the
  only thing important when it comes to sex and your wives! Never think or ask
  if she is enjoying sex! As long as you get hard and shoot your sick fucking
  wads, that's all that's important to you!"  
"Jesus, what the hell is going on here? I come home and run into this kind
  of bullshit! What the hell has this bitch been feeding you?" He knew he was
  losing the battle. His voice trembling as he pointed to Sharon and sought to
  take the offensive.  
"Honey, there's no need for you to use that kind of language with Sharon." Amy's
  tone changed for a moment. She spoke like a mother chastising a child while
  teaching at the same time. "I was just confiding in Sharon about my frustrations
  and she is trying to help me! We were just talking about it when you came in
  after she showed me a toy she has and I, well, I was getting so hot thinking
  about really being fucked by a real man! I told Sharon about you and she told
  me about these black men with huge penises and&hellip; it sounded so exciting!
  I thought maybe you loved me enough to make a small sacrifice for me!"  
Sharon interrupted. "It's all right Amy. Look, Loren, some of these loving,
  subservient husbands continue to get hard." She threw a smile at Amy. "Of course
  there is always the possibility that if we cut your nuts off, you'll become
  totally impotent and not be able to ever get an erection, which is what I suspect
  you deserve!"  
"Honey. Forget about the castration." Amy said as she endeavored to get him
  back on track and the issue at hand.  
"At least for now!" Sharon interjected with a smile cutting across her lips.  
"Yes, at least for now." Amy acknowledged. "And forget the black men, just
  please, please, do this one little thing for me&hellip; take off your pants,
  please! Just show Sharon why I feel this way!" Amy urged, as she placed the
  palm of her hand on his groin and stroked her hand from deep in the crevice
  between his legs up along the zipper of his slacks.  
Loren's groin muscles were contracting and relaxing involuntarily as they
  spoke as pre-cum oozed from his piss hole. Reluctantly, but almost unconsciously
  he found himself undoing his belt, opening the clasp and unzipping his pants. "Jesus,
  this is fucking crazy!" He said as he proceeded. Suddenly he felt the cool
  room air encompassing his bare legs as his pants fell to the floor. Sharon
  applauded. He stood there, frozen feeling stupid and exposed, until Amy reached
  over, hooked her fingers inside the elastic waistband of his shorts!"  
He shook his head no. "Please Amy, no." She lifted her index finger to her
  lips to shush him as she gently pushed his hands away from his groin and pulled
  down his jockey shorts, pulling them all the way down to his ankles. He stood
  there in a pool of material feeling foolish and humiliated, but also excited.
  He had fantasized about being dominated and forced to do submissive things
  for strong women. God it was happening!  
"Step out of your pants Darling." Amy said pulling his pants and shorts off
  over his shoes, so that he was only wearing his sports shirt, calf high socks
  and his loafers. He knew how stupid men look only wearing socks and shoes and
  it was obvious he was no different seeing the cruel smiles on the faces of
  his wife and her friend. His shirttails were hanging over his groin so Amy
  reached over and began to unbutton the bottom buttons on his shirt. "Fucking
  shirt! Undo the top Darling."  
Silently, his hands shaking as he fumbled with the buttons, his knees weak,
  he opened his white button down collar shirt until it hung open, revealing
  his milk white flesh and slightly protruding stomach, covered with pubic hair.
  He was heavy enough that looking down her could not see his groin or the crushed
  pubic hair encompassing his shriveled cock, which rested atop his two huge
  testicles!  
"There! Lift your shirt Honey, so Sharon can see!" Amy exclaimed.  
Obediently he raised his shirt as first Sharon and then Amy broke into hysterical
  laughter!  
"See! See, I told you! It looks like a tiny one-eyed prehistoric monster
  hiding in his public hair and it doesn't get much bigger, even when it is hard!" Amy
  said as she tried to lift it out of his groin hair, but it was no more one
  and a half inches long when flaccid.  
Tears welled up in Loren's eyes. He had never known such humiliation. But
  still standing there totally exposed, being ridiculed caused his groin muscles
  to contract in excitement!  
"Is that his entire cock?" Sharon asked amid her laughter.  
"Yes." Amy acknowledged.  
"You can't even tell it's a cock, except for the piss hole!" She leaned forward
  over the table. "Shit! It's smaller than some clits!" She leaned back in her
  chair laughing! " Jesus Amy, it looks like a frightened turtle hiding in its
  shell!" Sharon spoke with disgust and distain.  
"I know! I know! I told it was tiny!"  
Loren's voice shaking he responded: "Okay, that's, that's enough! That's
  it!"  
"No, no Darling, just a little bit longer." Amy said in a quiet but firm
  tone, stopping him from bending over and pulling up his slacks. She turned
  to Sharon and watched a smile crawl across Sharon's face until it exposed her
  beautiful row of white teeth, turned into a snicker, then a chuckle and finally
  she burst out in laughter. Amy's lips followed Sharon's until they both were
  leaning back in their chairs laughing and this pathetic man and his useless
  cock! Their laughter fed on each other as Loren placed his hands over his groin,
  only to provoke more laughter!  
"What's he trying to cover?" Sharon screamed in hysterical laughter.  
"Got me! Stop that!" Amy responded, slapping Loren's hands away from his
  groin. "Tell me, isn't that the cutest little boy pussy you've ever seen? I
  told you, my husband's got a clitoris cock!"  
Pussy Boy, his wife had called him pussy boy! He felt like the submissive
  wimp that had provoked many masturbatory orgasms!  
As the laughter subsided, Sharon was wiping tears from her eyes as she asked: "Damn,
  can you even piss standing up? Can you use a urinal?" She asked, half serious.  
To embarrassed to even attempt a lie, Loren swallowed the huge lump in his
  throat and shook his head as he spoke: "Yes.. well&hellip;No. No, Sometimes
  I have to sit down."  
Again Sharon fell back into her chair laughing hysterically! "He's serious,
  he has to sit down to piss?" She asked through her laughter!  
Nodding affirmatively while laughing Amy managed to get the words out: 'Yes!
  Yes, my pussy husband has to sit down to piss! It's too short to come out his
  zipper! When he tries a urinal he pisses all over his pants! Don't you piss
  boy?" She was choking on her own laughter! "When we go out I have to remind
  him to sit down when he goes to the bathroom or he'll come out of the john
  with piss all over his pants!" Both women were laughing uncontrollably! As
  her laughter finally subsided she continued. "Now you know why the only way
  he can get me to achieve an orgasm is if I'm on top straddling him and rub
  my clit against his&hellip;"  
Loren was blushing and didn't know what to do. He wanted to protest, but
  it was the truth and in all honesty, he was finding erotic pleasure in this
  verbal abuse and humiliation. What he really wanted to do was masturbate right
  there in front of them.  
"Well Loren, you have the prettiest clitoris I've ever seen&hellip;ON A MAN!" Sharon
  almost fell off her chair she was laughing so hard! Then she set her cigar
  in the ashtray and got up for a closer look! She was a tall lean woman in her
  thirties and quite attractive. Loren had often fantasized about her during
  masturbation! She was wearing a short black skirt and starched white blouse,
  accented by sterling silver jewelry, which emanated the look of power! She
  got down on one knee in front of Loren to inspect it. As she did her skirt
  slid up her thighs and Loren could see the milk white flesh at the top of her
  nylons. Oh God she was so beautiful, he wanted to look further up her skirt,
  but it was impossible!  
 "Oh my God! Look! He's dripping cum! He's fucking excited!" Sharon said
  with some glee in her voice! She looked up at him. "Oh is our little pussy
  boy getting all hot and excited exposing himself? You're enjoying this aren't
  you Loren? Wait, don't tell me.. don't tell me it's hard now! Is this a big
  as it gets when it's hard?"  
"No. No, it's just leaking!" With his voice cracking, Loren managed to respond
  realizing he sounded foolish even attempting to defend the small protruding
  piece of wet flesh. Oh how he wanted to reach down and pull her head into his
  groin and have her place her lush red lips on his cock, no matter how small
  it was!  
"Admit it Loren, you're enjoying this, aren't you?" Sharon said looking up
  his naked stomach and chest and into his eyes. "You love this don't you, you
  cute little masochistic pervert!"  
"No!" He looked down at Sharon and over at his wife. He was confused, embarrassed
  and yes, excited. "No! This is sick! Amy! We shouldn't be doing this!" As he
  spoke he knew the lie would not carry for very long. Sharon was right, he was
  enjoying this, he was a masochist and he knew he was in route to hell!  
Sharon buried the nails of her forefinger and thumb in the tender flesh of
  his testicles and began to pinch! Loren's head dropped back as he closed his
  eyes in painful ecstasy!  
"Admit it Loren, you love it! You want us to hurt you and embarrass you don't
  you?"  
"No, no&hellip;Ohhhhh! Yes, I mean&hellip;, oh my god, that's good! yes,
  harder! Harder! Oh shit! Pull out the hair! Yank it out! Yes! Oh, pinch them,
  yes! Oh God Amy, I'm so fucking sorry! I do love this! God forgive me, I doooo!
  Ohhhhh&hellip;God!" His hand reached down and played with his tiny cock. "I'm
  wet aren't I! Oh shit! I didn't mean to.. I didn't.. Oh Christ, I want to cum!"  
"Shit! you were right Shar! There's your answer! He does love it! He's enjoying
  exposing himself and being humiliated" Amy blurted a response. "Look at the
  fucking pervert! Stop playing with yourself Loren! Stop it right now!"  
Sharon released the grip of her nails on his testicles and slumped back on
  her butt on the floor laughing. "Gold Amy Darling! We struck mother fucking
  gold with this wimp ass husband of yours!" As she did her skirt slipped up
  her thighs revealing the top of her thighs above her nylons and her cunt! She
  wasn't wearing any panties! His eyes were glued on her hairless labia in that
  wide space between her thighs! Oh my God, there it was! Her clitoris! It was
  huge! The largest clitoris he had ever seen and yes, maybe it was larger than
  his penis! It was like a small cock! Oh Christ it was so exciting! "Oh God!" He
  blurted. "Your&hellip; your clit&hellip;clitoris! It's so&hellip;." Loren's
  hand found his groin and his index finger and thumb were frantically pumping
  his small cock! Oh God, she was so beautiful! The thought sent fire into his
  groin as he pumped his tiny penis in front of the two women.  
Amy reached out and slapped his hands and his penis! "I said stop that! Jesus!
  You fucking perverted asshole! Looking up my friend's skirt! You filthy bastard!
  Nobody asked you to play with yourself! You rude selfish son-of-a-bitch, you
  try to jerk off right here in front of us! I saw you, you filthy bastard, peeking
  up Sharon's skirt! Jesus, you piss me off!"  
She screamed as rage rushed through her and without forethought, with all
  of her strength, she slapped his face sending him falling backwards and cowering
  against the wall! Gritting her teeth and breathing heavily she noticed how
  his face was turning red before her eyes and tears were welling up in his eyes!
  She suddenly felt as if she was struck by lightning! Without thinking, but
  venting a rage she had never felt before, she continued to slap him viciously
  backing him against the wall! He covered his face so she slapped his chest
  and fat stomach!  
 As she hammered away at his body she cursed and screamed at him with a volcanic
  eruption of incoherent cursing and admonitions! Continuing her attack, her
  body filled with a new excitement! In her mind she was hitting him in slow
  motion, relishing the feel of his flesh giving way under the force of her blows!
  Amy trembled as electricity shattered her nervous system provoking a tingling
  on every inch of her flesh! She was frozen in time and space. She felt strong
  and powerful and independent! She was in total control of what was happening
  and she loved the power she was enjoying over him!  
"Hit him!" Sharon was screaming! "Beat that mother fucking pervert!"  
Loren was cowering and crying and begging her to stop as she continued her
  relentless attack!! Her macho bastard husband was a fucking coward that Sharon
  had told her he was! A wimp ass pussy and she was enjoying this newfound power!
  Her world went spinning as a hot flash of erotic pleasure swept from her groin
  up through the rest of her body! She saw blood! His hot red blood coming from
  his mouth! She couldn't catch her breath as she felt an explosion low in her
  womb, opening the flood gates of her urethra allowing the juices of an orgasm
  to flow out of her vagina mixed with piss, dampening her vulva and dripping
  off her labia, soiling her panties and running down her legs! Blood was flowing
  from his mouth! She had hurt him and she loved it! She could tell she had hurt
  the mother fucker and it was so fucking exciting she could not control the
  euphoria she was experiencing! Again an orgasm shattered her groin! This was
  unlike any other she had ever experienced! She grabbed her abdomen and doubled
  over squeezing every drop of orgasm out of her vagina! Exhausted and gratified
  she ceased abusing him.  
Straightening up she tried to remain standing but her legs were weak and
  wobbling! She held on to the back of a chair to steady her! Her arms hung limp
  and she was breathless, but incredibly excited! "Oh God! Did you see that Sharon!
  I've never been so excited, so fucking hot! I thought I was going to kill him!
  God knows I wanted to for minute there! Shit, I&hellip;! I just had&hellip; two
  maybe three.. orgasms, I don't know, but I know it was great! Oh God, it was
  fantastic! It was so fucking beautiful! God I want to kill him! You hear me
  asshole? I wanted to kill your dumb ass and I loved it! I fucking loved it!"  
Loren cowed back towards the entrance to the sunroom. He was shaking in fear
  and sobbing like a baby! His face was covered with blood and his left eye was
  beginning to swell shut as the color of his skin turned into bruised and wounded
  flesh! "I'm sorry! I'm so sorry!" He mumbled. "Oh God Amy, what has happened?
  What did I do? God Amy, I love you! I love you Amy, stop this! Stop! Amy, we've
  got to stop this right now!"  
Gritting her teeth and steadying herself by holding on to the back of a chair,
  Amy spoke deliberately and in a monotone. "Stop? No, we are not going to stop
  Loren!" She laughed a cruel wicked laugh as she steady herself and crossed
  so that she was standing directly in front of him. "To the contrary Loren,
  we've just started. You're lucky I didn't kill you, you fucking wimp son-of-a-bitch,
  but don't worry, someday I will! I saw you look up her dress like some fucking
  pervert! As if you could satisfy her anymore than me! Fucker!" Panting and
  still trying to catch her breath she continued. "I'll tell you this Loren,
  we just started having fun and we're never going to stop! You got that? Never!
  NEVER! Did you see what just happened to me?  
Sobbing, he nodded affirmatively as he tried to back away. "I think&hellip; I
  think so."  
"You think? Well, let me tell you what happened! You finally gave me an orgasm
  you stupid insignificant piece of shit!" As she spoke she ripped open her blouse,
  the buttons flying around the sun porch! "I finally found out how I can get
  an orgasm with you! Now I know Sharon was right. I took control of this relationship
  and I watched you cry and cower and beg and you know what happened? I came!
  I had several long over due orgasms and I'm going to have a lot more before
  we ever talk about stopping!"  
"What? I didn't do anything!"  
"You pissed her off, you stupid shit!" Sharon said, rising to her feet. "Isn't
  she beautiful when she gets angry!"  
"Yes Loren! You pissed me off and I loved it! I loved slapping your pussy,
  wimp-ass face! You hear me? I loved slapping the shit out of you!" She threw
  her blouse onto the floor and was unzipping her skirt and letting it fall to
  the floor at her ankles. Then, without unsnapping her bra she pulled it up
  over her full breasts and lifted it off over her head throwing it at Loren. "Look
  at me! Look at me you mother fucking faggot! I'm a woman! A real fucking woman
  and I have needs, needs you cheated me out of for seven fucking years and I'm
  going to get everyone of those years back!"  
Loren looked at his wife. The woman he adored. Her body was soft and rounded.
  Her breasts were full with huge brown areolas and her nipples were protruding
  more than he had ever noticed. She was only wearing her black panties, which
  were wet from her body fluids, and he could see dark curly pubic hair sticking
  out along her thighs along her groin. She reached down, slipped her thumbs
  in the waistband of her panties and pushed them down exposing her beautiful,
  wet vaginal triangle!  
"Oh God!" Loren heard himself mutter.  
"Yes! Yes, that's it, God! From now on, as far as you're concerned, I am
  your God! You will worship me! You will do as I command! You will obey me without
  question! You will bring men I desire to me and watch them fuck me! You will
  never again touch that miserable excuse for a penis without my permission!
  You'll do what I want, when I want! You got that, you wimp ass, impotent faggot
  freak?"  
Loren swallowed hard and stared at her.  
"You got that?" Amy screamed as she lifted her knee slamming it into his
  groin! He emitted a sickening groan as he doubled over in pain and fell to
  his knees on the floor! Amy let a smile cross her face as she watch her husband
  writhing in pain on the floor in front of her. She had often wondered what
  it would be like to kick him or knee him in the nuts and now she knew. It was
  incredibly gratifying! Pain she had induced and pain he deserved was very satisfying!
  As she continued to enjoy the vision of Loren gagging in a fetal position on
  the floor she grabbed a fistful of his hair and pulled his head up so they
  were facing each other: "I asked you a question you fucking peeping tom pervert!"  
"Ye..Ye&hellip;Yes. Yes, I got it Darling! I got it!"  
"Good!" she replied. Then crouching down she grabbed a handful of his hair
  and turned his head towards her. "You see this?" She pointed to her wet cunt.  
Loren nodded.  
"I want you to know right now you will never again touch this except to lick
  another man's cum out of it! You will never again share my bed, You'll sleep
  on the cot in the basement and you will ask permission before you come up into
  the house, you understand me?"  
He nodded yes, tears rolling down his face. "You really do hate me, don't
  you?"  
"Yes! I never imagined how much I hated you until this morning and believe
  me, starting right now, I'm going to spend the rest our days together putting
  you through a living hell!" She hunkered up a huge glob of saliva and spit
  in his face, before dropping his head back on to the floor! "Oh, in the morning
  you will call that fucking attorney of yours and you will transfer title of
  everything to me! The house, the cars, the stocks, the savings, everything!
  By tomorrow night you will not own a single fucking thing, understand?"  
"Yes. Yes Ma am!"  
"Good!"  
Panting heavily she stood up and continued to look at her pathetic husband
  curled up on the floor of the sun porch, as she spoke she kicked him in the
  groin provoking another sickening scream as he doubled over grabbing his groin!  
."Sharon?" She turned to her lesbian lover. "That was good!"  
"You were beautiful! I wanted you to kick him like that, but I figured I'd
  let you do your thing and then when you did, it was beautiful!"  
"You've been so wonderful to help me!"  
"I love you!"  
"And I love you! Shar, would you get that new toy out of your bag and put
  it on, will you. I want you to fuck me with it! I want you to fuck me good!
  I want you to take me as if you were taking my cherry! I want it to feel like
  I'm a virgin getting her first real fucking! I want the feeling that you are
  rupturing my hymen and making me a real woman! I want to feel like a slut!
  Like a whore! I want every fucking inch of that thing shoved up my cunt! I
  want to know what it feels like to be really fucked!"  
"Of course my love." Sharon responded as she began to open her blouse and
  undo her skirt as she walked over to her bag.  
Choking on his words Loren looked up at his wife. "Amy. Amy, for God's sake,
  what is happening? Jesus Honey, I love you! Why are you doing this to me? Why
  do you hate me so?"  
Amy crouched down again beside him and cupped his head in the palms of her
  hands. "Oh Loren, I know you love me. What happened is that I finally did something
  I guess I subconsciously have wanted&hellip; no needed, to do for years! Don't
  misunderstand me Darling, I too love you at some pathetic level, like a person
  loves a pet, but at the same time I feel such rage for how you have deprived
  me of what I really, really need!"  
"Are you&hellip; are you going to divorce me?"  
Amy smiled like a mother explaining something to a child. "No Loren, I'm
  not going to divorce you. If I did that I'd be giving up all the fun I intend
  to have putting you through hell! Honestly," She smiled as if she was really
  enjoying telling him this. "Underneath all of the bullshit of being married
  to you, and listen closely, I'm not bullshitting you or playing a game with
  you. I really do hate you! And I'm betting, deep down you know you deserve
  to be punished for what you have put me through, don't you?"  
"If you say so."  
"Yes, I say so! I hate you so much that I am going to have so much fun destroying
  you as a man and as a human being! I'm going to make you suffer and if you
  think Sharon and I humiliated you this morning, I promise you, this is only
  the beginning. When I'm done with you, you will have no friends, no one to
  give a shit what happens to you and even your mother will refuse to call you
  her son!"  
"And I'm going to help her!" Sharon said as she undressed and applied a strap-on.  
"Yes, Sharon is going to be here and she has some wonderful, cruel ideas!"  
"Hurting me gives you pleasure?"  
"Well, you've finally got the idea. Yes my love I just learned how much pleasure
  hurting you gives me. You finally gave me pleasure, pleasure you have denied
  me for so long by not being able to make love to me like a real man. You must
  know you deserve to be punished, don't you?"  
"Ye.. ye.. yes, Yes, I'm&hellip;I'm so sorry." Tears again were streaming
  down his face.  
"Just saying your sorry doesn't wipe all my frustration and suffering away
  Darling. You must pay for it, you know that, don't you?" She wiped his tear
  with her thumb and sucked it off her finger!  
"Ye.. yes... If you say so! I love you, Amy! I really do!"  
"I know. You're so fucking pathetic. I want you to remember that when the
  pain is so intense that you pray to die! And I want you to know that no matter
  how much you are hurting&hellip;" She wiped a trickle of blood from his lip
  and licked it off of her finger. "you will never know sympathy or compassion
  from me or from Sharon. together we are going to make you wish you were dead!"  
"Amy?'  
"Yes?"  
"Are you going to&hellip; you know, cut my nuts off?"  
She cupped his testicles in her hands. "Yes Darling, soon, real soon these
  will be gone!"  
"What? What will you do with them?"  
Turning to Sharon she asked. "What do you think we should do with his testicles
  once we cut them off?"  
Sharon laughed. "I think we should feed them to him!"  
"There, maybe we will feed them to you!" She chuckled sadistically.  
"Amy?"  
"Yes?"  
 "Well, I.. I want you to&hellip; I want you to know, I really do love you
  with all my heart and.. and, well I know I deserve what you are going to do
  to me and&hellip; and it's okay. If it makes you happy I'll give them to you."  
"Loren, Loren, Loren. You don't understand do you? It's not up to you. You
  no longer have any say. I'll do it when I want to, and I don't give a shit
  what you think or how you feel about it!"  
"I&hellip; I know that, it's just I want you to know I'll never stop loving
  you and I want.. I want you to punish me! I want to give you the pleasure you
  need."  
Amy leaned down and kissed his cheek. "Right now, Sharon is going to fuck
  me Darling. She's going to fuck me like you never could and you know what?
  I'm going to let you watch!" Reaching down with one hand she slapped his cock,
  dripping a stream of pre-cum on the floor.  
"She's going to fuck you?"  
"Oh yes. Wait till you see what she has, it's beautiful! And while she is
  fucking me, you can watch and play with yourself, but if you cum, if you have
  an orgasm&hellip;" She leaned down and kissed him again on the cheek. "I'm
  going to go into the kitchen and get a butcher knife and you know what I'm
  going to do?"  
"No!"  
She nodded yes a smile across her lips as her hand gently caressed his swollen
  testicles. "Yes Darling. If you cum, if you ejaculate that filthy shit in your
  balls while she is fucking me, I'm going to cut these off!" As she finished
  the thought her sharp fingernails cut into the tender flesh of his scrotum!  
He winced, gritting his teeth in agony. "Oh God Amy, this is crazy!" He was
  sobbing. "Oh my God!" He blurted as his eyes caught Sharon standing behind
  Amy.  
Sharon was naked except for a huge coal black strap-on dildo with a swollen
  black cock head with thick realistic looking veins protruding around the shaft.
  Sharon chuckled as she stroked the rubber shaft. "It's a little dry and I don't
  want to hurt you my Sweet, got any K-Y jelly?"  
"Yes." Amy responded. "Oh it is so gorgeous! Look at it Loren, look at it!" She
  wrapped her hand around it and looked up at Sharon. "Oh god, I can't wait until
  we get me a real man with a cock like this who will fill me with his cum!"  
"Oh my God!" Loren muttered seeing the huge black shaft.  
"This thing is pretty big for a tight pussy like yours, are you sure you
  want me to go through with this, we could start with a smaller one an work
  up to Massar!" Sharon said griping the huge faux cock and waving it at Amy
  and Loren.  
"No! No, I want it, I want you to give all of it to me! Oh Christ, I'm shaking,
  I'm so fucking excited!"  
"It may hurt." Sharon cautioned.  
"I don't care! I don't fucking care! I want it! I want all of it! If I scream,
  if I beg you to stop, don't! I want that fucking piss hole shoved so far up
  it tickles my throat! I want to be fucked like this jerk could only dream of
  doing!"  
"You sure?"  
"Yes! God damit, yes! And I want this pathetic asshole to watch!" She turned
  and spit a huge glob of saliva onto his face!  
"What about a safe-word, just in case it gets worse than you anticipate?"  
"No Sharon! No! No! No! God Damit, No Sharon! I want to feel it! I've never
  been really fucked by this fucker and I want to feel every fucking bit of it!
  I don't give a shit how much it hurts! No mother fucking safe words! No stopping!
  Just fuck me! Fuck my cunt! Fuck it! Rape it! I know it sounds crazy, but I
  want you to fuck me until I bleed, just as if you were ripping my hymen open!
  I want you to stick that black mother fucking cock in me and stretch my cunt
  until it rips! Stretch it so that when a real man comes over here I can take
  him and give him the same pleasure he is going to give me!" She was crying
  and her entire body was visibly shaking with excitement and anticipation! She
  wrapped her arms around Sharon's legs and hugged them. "Oh God Sharon, I'm
  so excited and&hellip; and scared! I'm scared Sharon, but I want it, I want
  it so bad!"  
Sharon stroked her head. "Forget the K-Y, how about having little Loren moisten
  Massar for you?"  
Still hugging Sharon's legs Amy nodded yes. "Yes, I want to see him suck
  it!" Wiping tears from her eyes, she released her grip on Sharon's legs and
  reached over, grabbing a fistful of Loren's hair, pulling his head up! "Suck
  it faggot! Suck Massar's big black cock and get it nice and wet and slippery
  for your wife, just like you're going to do when I bring a real man home to
  fuck me!"  
"Amy?"  
"What?"  
"Can I&hellip; first, before I&hellip;" He reached up for the black rubber
  cock.  
"I think your faggot hubby likes it!" Sharon said with a smile.  
"It's so beautiful, I just want to touch it first! I want to kiss it! I want
  to pretend that it is one of those black men you want so badly!"  
"Go ahead, play with it, but make it quick I need it inside me!"  
Loren wrapped his hands lightly around the black shaft with the large piss
  head and gently stroked it. "It's beautiful! It's so beautiful! It looks so
  real! Look at the veins! Oh god how I wish it were mine!"  
"Suck it! Get the damn thing wet!"  
He pulled the swollen head towards his lips and licked the piss hole, wrapping
  his tongue around the entire head of the black vein rippled phallus and slowly
  took it into his mouth.  
"Oh he's got great technique! Wish I could feel that tongue of his!" Sharon
  said watching him.  
"I bet he wishes it belonged to one of those 'bears' he surfs for on the
  Internet."  
Loren froze for a moment. They had apparently figured out is password and
  explored his favorite sites! He loved having chats with gay bears. They are
  those hair covered rough guys that you see on construction sites that you would
  never guess were gay! He had a couple he corresponded with who were really
  mean and excited him. He would jack-off while obeying their Internet commands.
  However, at this point, him sucking this black dildo in front of his wife and
  her best friend pretty much negated any sexual secrets he had prior to this
  encounter.  
"Come on shit head, Suck it you dumb shit! Suck it!" Amy ordered as Loren
  struggled with the huge black phallus as it reached the back of his throat!
  Drool was running down his jaw from the corners of his mouth, gagging with
  everyone of Sharon's thrusts!  
Amy looked up at Sharon as she placed her hand on Sharon's legs, stroking
  them. "You are so beautiful with a cock! God how I wish it was real! I wish
  you had a real cock and could impregnate me with a baby!"  
Sharon smiled in response, her hands now cupped Loren's head and she humped
  his face! "I love you!" She said as tears of joy cut jagged paths as they ran
  down the cheeks of her face.  
"I love you too!" Amy responded. "You've made me so happy today! Oh God,
  I can't wait until you put your cock inside me and take me!" She rose to her
  feet and caressed Sharon's small firm breasts, cupping them in her hands and
  lightly pinching her erect nipples following with kisses.  
"I, I think it's wet enough." Sharon whispered.  
Amy let her hands roam upwards until they were caressing Sharon's face. She
  let one hand slip behind Sharon's neck and pulled her head towards her lips
  until the two women kissed! Their hands explored each other's bodies as their
  tongues explored each other's mouths.  
Loren, drool running from his mouth looked up at the two women making love.
  Like his wife, he had never been so excited and filled with erotic desire. "You're
  beautiful! The two of you are so beautiful!" He said as he played with his
  now erect penis. "Oh God Amy, &hellip; I never guessed&hellip;you're a lesbian!
  Oh you are so beautiful!"  
After a long moment the two women separated. Looking down on the floor they
  saw Loren playing with himself.  
"Remember what will happen if you cum." Amy warned.  
"What? What did you tell him?" Sharon asked as a wicked smile cut across
  her lips.  
"Ask him." Amy said her eyes shifting once again to Loren on the floor.  
"Tell me Loren."  
He was pumping his tiny penis. "Amy, I've got to cum, please? Can we make
  that rule effective the next time? I mean today this is all new and, well I'm
  so excited, I've got to cum!"  
"No, rules are rules. You can cum, but you know what will happen if you do."  
"Tell me Loren, what is Amy going to do if you cum?" Sharon was wearing a
  wide evil smile.  
Huge tears flowed from his eyes and his voice choked with fear, raising the
  tone of his voice a couple of octaves. "She says&hellip; she says she will&hellip;.
  Oh please Amy, please! Just once today? Please?"  
Amy smiled down at him. "Loren, you know the consequences of your actions.
  Remember what I said, never again expect forgiveness, compassion or sympathy
  from Sharon or me. When I tell you something, when she tells you something,
  you must understand that we mean it and there are consequences. You know the
  consequences if you have an orgasm now. Now tell Sharon what is going to happen
  if you cum without permission!"  
"Still sobbing, but continuing to stroke his small erection. "She's going
  to&hellip; to cas&hellip; cas&hellip; castrate me! She's going to take a butcher
  knife and cut them off!"  
Sharon broke out in hysterical laughter! "Oh cum Loren! Come on, shoot your
  wad!"  
"Yes my darling little faggot. I'll make you a eunuch right here and you
  know what?"  
"What?"  
"I not sure I would be able to stop the bleeding, so you would probably bleed
  to death right here on the floor!"  
"You, you can't be serious?"  
"You want to test me? Go ahead and shoot your wad, I guarantee you it will
  be the last time your sorry ass ever disobeys me."  
"Now you are getting me all hot and bothered!" Sharon said as she took one
  hand and stroked it up the crack of Amy's rectum. "You know Loren, As much
  as I would love to see her cut your nuts off, I think it would best for you
  to believe her." The two women had wrapped their forearms around each other's
  waists as they lorded their power over this cowering, pathetic excuse for a
  man. A mean, towering skinny woman wearing a huge black phallus and his soft,
  slightly plump, sadistic wife!  
Loren stopped stroking himself and scooted up against the wall like a frightened,
  trapped animal fearing for his life! Both women broke into laughter at his
  reaction.  
"Ready to have that cute pussy of yours reamed?" Sharon asked of Amy, kissing
  her on the cheek.  
"Oh yes! Where do you want me?"  
"I think some of the moisture has dried off Massar. I wonder if Loren would
  do it the honor of getting it nice and wet again?"  
"Loren?" Amy followed. "Would you like to suck this nice big black cock some
  more?'  
He looked up at both women, his eyes darting back and forth between them
  and then nodded his affirmatively in short jerking nods. "Yes! I 'd like that!"  
"He's so sweet. You like sucking cock, don't you Loren?" Sharon said
    placing the phallus into Loren's mouth again. "We were looking at your favorite
    sites on the Internet. We know all about your gay Bear friends and the FemDom
    sites you visit! You like to jack off while looking at dirty pictures on
    the Internet? From now on there will be no secret sites. You only go on the
    Internet when one of us is there to supervise and later tonight we'll show
    the site that you can look at and learn to appreciate. 
    
"I loved seeing and learning what is on all those 'Bear' sites darling! All
  those big, burly, hairy men! They say they like tender white meat, is that
  what you are sweetie?" Amy spoke as she stroked his hair and as he sucked on
  the phallus!  
Wondering for a long second if he should respond honestly he decided that
  would be the best policy. Pausing from sucking for only a second he responded: "Yes
  Ma am!"  
"I also see a lot of FemDom sites where women are in control, much like today.
  You like it when women are in control don't you?"  
As the cock penetrated his throat he again responded with a short affirmative
  nod, he did find the idea of female domination and sucking another man's cock
  erotic, especially if he had to do it in front of Amy. His face hurt and the
  black cock in his mouth irritated his cut, swollen lip, but he had an instant
  realization that this is where he truly wanted to be! This was the real ecstasy
  of all his fantasies! Now, all he needed was to kneel in front of a real man
  and taste a real cock! To offer his wife to a real man and endure the humiliation
  of watching her kiss a strange man as he fucked her and to hear her tell another
  man that she loved him!  
Talking to Sharon as Sharon plugged his mouth with the black phallus Amy
  continued: "You know he told me it's okay with him if I castrate him! I think
  we should do it as soon as possible! Don't you?"  
"Hell, his balls are of no value except his pleasure when he plays with himself
  and who the fuck cares if he enjoys any sexual pleasure? Sounds good to me,
  maybe tomorrow or the next day!"  
Hearing their conversation his arousal escalated and he dropped his hand
  down to stroke his tiny erection! Oh God, he was going to make the supreme
  sacrifice for Amy, they were planning it for it in front of him as if he didn't
  exist or they didn't care how he felt!  
"Should we just cut them off here at the house or do you want to take him
  to that doctor you know?" Amy asked as she stroked his head, watching him suck
  the phallus.  
"Why waste time and money with a doctor? I think it will be more fun if we
  just tie him to the table down the basement and cut them off!" Sharon answered.  
Loren knew they knew he could hear every word, but he didn't dare interrupt
  them in any form of protest. He felt a sickening hollowness in his stomach
  and prayed he didn't vomit! Oh God, he never imagined his wife could be so
  cruel! They were going to go through with it tonight! Oh if he only had a penis
  that was worthy of her!  
"Yeah, you're right. We could even do it tonight! We aren't going to use
  any anesthetic, so it would be best if we did it in the basement, that way,
  no one will hear him scream!"  
"Except us!" Sharon said chuckling.  
"Oh yes! That is a sound I've been thinking of ever since we started talking
  about this weeks ago!" Amy responded, enthusiasm in her voice. "Makes me wet
  thinking about it! What do we do if he does bleed to death?"  
"Let's see&hellip;. have a party?"  
Loren stopped sucking and tried to swallow the lump in his throat! Death?
  Dieing? He not only would lose his testicles, but they might let him die? Tears
  welled up once again. How could he stop this? He prayed as he resumed sucking,
  Jesus, help me! Oh God, help me! He prayed knowing that there would be no intervention
  to save him!  
Both women broke out in laughter!  
Loren tried to listened as he sucked, but the wet sloshing sound of him mouth
  on the black phallus drowned out some of their dialogue. God, they have been
  planning this for weeks. This was no accident, no spontaneous action. These
  two bitches have been plotting against me for some time! Loren's mind was filled
  with panic and excitement! He reached down and gently squeezed his tender balls,
  loving the feel of his testicles. God, what would life be like without that
  wonderful sensation? Not being able to masturbate? How long before she would
  bring black men home? How long before he would have to submit to another man?
  How long before&hellip;before they decide to kill me? His mind was cluttered
  with emotions as he continued to suck!  
"Remember to open your throat and get it nice and wet darling!" Amy instructed.
  Then with a start! "Oh Christ, wait a minute, don't take it out!"  
She ran to a drawer in the office and pulled out their digital video camera. "God,
  I have to have pictures of this!" As she started the camera she continued. "Yes,
  that's a good little cock sucker! Oh, my little homo, this is great! We could
  even put these on the Internet! Well, get video of him after he's castrated
  and sucking a delicious black cock and send them into BIW! Oh shit, am I glad
  I thought of this! Loren we're going to make you a world famous as a cocksucker!
  I told you I'd make sure you were humiliated! Push it in deep Sharon! Yes!
  Oh, I'm going to send a copy of this to your mother and dad, they will wet
  their fucking pants! Oh he is going to be such a wonderful cock sucking faggot
  for all my lovers, don't you think Sharon?"  
"I want to be here when he sucks his first real cock! I'll take the video
  for you! I want to see some huge, mean black stud dump his load in his queer,
  faggot, cock sucking mouth!" Sharon shared Amy's excitement! "What if, once
  they are on the Internet we send an E-Mail to all his friends and relatives
  from him, inviting them to see him on Black In Women! Shit, can you imagine
  their reaction? We could even create his own website and charge for people
  to look at him, we might make a small fortune!"  
"Yes! Great idea! Then everyone will know how much you love me and what a
  pervert you really are!" She laughed! "God I'd love to be there when your mother
  or your boss punch up the website!"  
Oh God Amy, you wouldn't! Not my mother, please!"  
She laughed. "Oh yes I will! Now suck it Loren, suck that cock dry!" Amy
  was so excited she had to lean back against the wall as she photographed her
  husband sucking this huge rubber phallus! Wait till his colleagues at work
  see this! Hell, we could create his own faggot website! As Sharon pulled the
  wet dildo from his mouth a long stream of saliva remained attached to the piss
  head of the phallus and to his lips! "I got that! I got that shot! Jesus, that
  was erotic!"  
"Why don't you get a picture of his balls while he still has them. We may
  not think about it later, especially if we cut them off tonight." Sharon suggested.  
"Oh yeah, good idea! Honey, why don't you stand up against the wall, spread
  your legs real wide and I'll get several shots. We'll take some more after
  they're gone. Before and after, you know? I bet BIW would love to have them!"  
"Tonight?"  
"Any reason to wait?" Sharon asked.  
Loren swallowed hard as he touched his groin and fondled his precious testicles. "No,
  I guess.. I guess not, it's just that! I could watch other men make love to
  you and keep them, couldn't I?"  
"But Loren darling, that wouldn't be making the commitment that would show
  how much you loved me and wanted to make me happy. You want to make me happy
  don't you?"  
"Yes, but&hellip;"  
"You like the way they feel don't you?" Amy asked. "Squat down a little and
  push your hips forward so I can get a better shot!  
"Yes." He complied and nodded as he spoke. "It feels good just to touch them."  
"I'm glad you like to touch them, that makes your sacrifice so much more
  meaningful!"  
"Well, it's settled, no reason to wait!" Sharon interjected.  
"Right!" Amy added. "Tonight, tomorrow, the next day, what's the difference?
  If he really wants to get rid of those filthy, ugly sacks as a demonstration
  of his love for me, there's really no reason to prolong the anticipation and
  putting off all the fun! Lift your little penis up towards your belly button,
  I want to see just your balls! Just think, this will be the last time anybody
  sees them all swollen with your rotten sperm!"  
He lifted his penis trying to stretch it and make it appear longer and both
  women chuckled.  
Reaching down and picking up her piss-laden panties, Amy tossed them to him. "Here
  wipe the blood off your face, I think it's time for a little pre-surgical testimonial."  
He wiped his face relishing the smell of her urine, the acid burning the
  cut in his lip. "What? What am I suppose to say?"  
"Just introduce yourself and tell them that because you love me that these
  are the last shots they will see of your ugly testicles! That your wife and
  her lover are going to castrate you in a little while and you look forward
  to her inviting some black studs over to make love to her like she needs and
  deserves." Sharon said with a smile.  
He put the panties aside. "Now?'  
"Yes, now!" Amy responded holding camera to her eyes, her hands shaking with
  excitement.  
"Hi, my name is Loren and I've got a real small penis, I guess you've seen
  that all ready. Well, I love my wife Amy and tonight, she.. she is going to&hellip;" More
  tears fell from his eyes&hellip; "tonight she is going to cut off my nuts,
  err testicles! I love her and I want her to do this to me to prove my love
  for her&hellip;" Turning to Sharon&hellip; "Is this okay/'  
"Keep going!" Sharon urged in a whispered smile.  
"So, anyway, she is going to castrate me and then have black men come over
  to the house and make love to her. They say that once you try back you never
  go black&hellip; err I'm sorry, once she goes black a woman never goes back
  to ahh, white guys! I guess that's true. Anyway, I know I've never been a good
  lover and I want her to have some fun and fuck black guys She says I'll be
  able to watch them make love and, well, I guess I'm a little queer, because
  she says I can lick their cum out of her and off their cocks when they are
  done screwing her.. and.. well I think that is kind of exciting! I guess that's
  all. Maybe you'll see her and me on the Black men in White women website. Bye."  
Sharon and Amy both broke into hysterical laughter!  
"Was that okay?" Loren asked sheepishly.  
"Yes, that should do fine." Sharon responded.  
Amy then handed the camera to Loren. "You did fine. Here sweetie, Sharon
  is going to fuck me now and I want you to take record it for me! I want to
  see it! And keep the sound on cause I want to hear myself scream as she buries
  this beauty in me and fucks me like you never could!"  
She crawled to the center of the room on her hands and knees. "Take me from
  the rear Shar! Not in the ass, although I want you to try that later, but stuff
  me from behind because I feel like a real bitch in heat!"  
"You got it!" Sharon responded. "You are so beautiful!"  
"Not as beautiful as you wearing that wonderful weapon of love! Jesus, I
  need that thing inside of me!"  
They both chuckled as Loren scooted himself to a vantage point where he could
  see Sharon penetrate his wife and so that he could, just by moving the camera
  shoot her face and capture her reaction to this consensual rape! Amy's breasts
  were large and swinging beneath her body! He wished he could crawl under her
  and nurse on her breasts! Sharon was kneeling behind his wife as she spread
  the cheeks of Amy's ass, working her hands down to Amy's labia, parting the
  huge lips and aiming the huge black phallus at the pink, tender flesh they
  protected. As she proceeded downward she leaned over and kissed Amy's lower
  back, licking the top of the crack of her ass, slowly moving her tongue down
  until it touched the tight wrinkled contracted opening of her anus! Amy was
  moaning in ecstasy! He wanted to grab his cock and jack-off, he had never imagined
  anything so erotic and exciting! He focused the camera on Sharon's face as
  she licked Amy's anus her hands reached around and with her fingertips she
  pinched Amy's nipples, provoking animal groans of pleasure to escape Amy's
  lips. After long moments she raise her head, aimed the head of the black cock
  at the pink hole and began to toy with it, slowly pushing the phallus into
  Loren's wife. It would go were Loren had never been able to go and never would.  
Camera rolling Amy let out a moan of pleasure and pain as her black Massar
  began to expand the tight, unfucked flesh of her vaginal canal!  
"Yes! Oh Yes! Oh shit it hurts so fucking good! Fuck me Shar! Fuck my cunt!" Her
  eyes were open, but rolled up into her forehead as she endured the penetrating
  pain! As her hips began to undulate in rhythm with Sharon's thrusts she emitted
  guttural sounds that sounded more like a wild animal than a human being!  
Loren focused the camera on her face, catching every reaction to each thrust!
  Her teeth were clenched as Sharon inched the black demon deeper and deeper
  into her body, tearing and stretching and ripping it's way through her wet
  unexplored cunt! "Fuck her! Yes, Fuck her! Oh she is so beautiful! Oh it is
  so fucking beautiful!" He heard himself utter as he kept his eye glued to the
  viewfinder. Occasionally he would move down to her cunt and tape the black
  penis penetrating his wife's cunt! It wet now with her juices and it made an
  erotic sloshing sound as it probe into her cunt, returned and probed again!
  Oh how he wished he could do that for her!  
"I love you! I love you Shar! Yes! Deeper! Just shove the fucker in! Harder!" Amy
  was lost in lust, biting down on her lower lip, drool dripping from her chin!  
"Bitch!" Sharon groaned as she shoved her black cock into his wife. "You're
  my Bitch, you whore cunt! Don't you fucking forget it! God you are a wretched
  fucking slut, pig!"  
"Yes! Yes! I'm yours! Fuck me you dike bitch! You goddamn faggot dike, stick
  your cock up into my stomach you bitch! Fuck me! I'm getting wet, oh shit,
  I'm getting wet!"  
"You're bleeding you stupid whore cunt! I'm fucking your virgin cunt and
  ripping your hymen you stupid wench! I ought to stick a fucking baseball up
  your mother-fucking cunt! Marry a fucking faggot who can't fuck! You stupid
  whore bitch!"  
"She is bleeding!" Loren said startled at the sight. His free hand went to
  his groin. He couldn't control himself, despite any penalty he had to jack-off!
  It was so fucking exciting his fingers pump his penis until it stood out hard
  and erect! He wished they could see it now, it had to be at least three and
  a half inches long!  
"Oh God, Harder Shar! Hurt me bad! I deserve to be punished for marrying
  that stupid queer shit head! Cut his nuts off! Yes, we'll cut his fucking nuts
  off! Yes! Fuck me! Fuck me! Oh Christ fuck my useless cunt! Make me your whore!
  Make me you fucking slave bitch whore Shar! Yes! Oh yes! Are you all the way
  in? Put it all the way!"  
With a hard thrust Sharon shoved her hips against Amy's ass, her hands holding
  firm on Amy's hips as she thrust! "There! There you are you slut!"  
Amy screamed in ecstasy and pain as the foot long faux cock ripped its way
  into her! "Now fuck me! Move that fucking cock in and out and fuck me good!
  Oh Yes, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck my slut cunt and me! Oh I want to be your whore!
  I want niggers to fuck me like this! I want them to fill me with their cum
  and piss! I want to cut off Loren's nuts, Shar! I want to hear him scream!
  I want niggers to piss in my cunt! Yes! Yes! Piss up my cunt! I want them to
  make me pregnant! I want a black mother-fucking baby so everyone knows it's
  not Loren's! Oh god I want to hurt him so bad!"  
"Yes! We'll make it happen for you baby!" Sharon said as she continued to
  hump Loren's wife. Sweat was dripping from her body and her long hair was flying
  with each stroke, except for the hair stuck to the sweat on her forehead and
  the sides of her face! "God I wish I could give you a baby! I wish I could
  fill your cunt with cum and give you a baby!"  
"FUCK HER! FUCK MY BEAUTIFUL WIFE SHARON! OH GOD SHE LOVES IT!" Loren screamed
  as he tried to focus the camera and masturbate at the same time!  
Amy was out of her mind in ecstasy! "Har&hellip;har..harder&hellip;harder&hellip;HARDER!
  HARDER GOD DAMIT! YES! YES! OH YESSS! FUCK! FUCK! FUCK! RIP IT SHAR! RIP MY
  FUCKING CUNT! I WANT IT TO BLEED SHAR! MAKE ME BLEED! I WANT LOREN TO BLEED!
  I WANT BLOOD AND SCREAMING! OH GOD I WANT YOU TO MAKE ME BLEED LIKE A VIRGIN
  SLUT! I WANT YOU TO MAKE ME A WOMAN, MAKE ME BLEED LIKE I STILL HAD A HYMEN!
  RIP IT OUT OF ME!"  
"You are Amy darling! You're bleeding! It's all over the floor and my cock!
  You're a woman Darling!" Sharon responded. "You're a mother fucking, bleeding,
  slut-bitch, lesbian woman and you are mine! You belong to me, you slut, cunt,
  scaggy whore bitch!"  
"OH YES! I'M BLEEDING! I'M BLEEDING! I'M BLEEDING! I GOT A FUCK HOLE! A COCK
  CISTERN! A CUM DUMP! I'M A SLUT AND MOTHER FUCKING SCAG WHORE! IT'S CLOSE!
  IT'S SO FUCKING CLOSE! OH, THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU! OHHHHHH YESSSS! HERE
  IT COMES! I'M COMING! I'M COMING SHAR!!!! GOD DAMIT! I'M&hellip; I'M&hellip;I'M..
  OH SHIT SHARE! I DID IT! I FUCKING DID IT!! I'M COMING&hellip; I GAVE IT TO
  YOU DIDN'T I? I'M YOURS! I'M YOUR WHORE, YOUR SLUT, YOUR SLAVE! SLAVE! I'M
  A SLAVE! I'M A CUM DUMP FOR NIGGERS! I'M YOUR&hellip; OH CHRIST, LET'S CUT
  HIS COCK OFF! LET'S KILL HIM SHAR! KILL, KILL, KILL THE MOTHER&hellip; OH SHIT&hellip;I'M&hellip;YOUR
  SLAVE! TAKE MEEEEE!!! I LOVE IT! YESSSS YEEESSSS!! OH MOTHER FUCKING SHHHHIIIIITTTT!
  OHHHHHHHHHHHH! OHHHHHHHHH! YES! YES! Ohhhhhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhhh!" Amy collapsed
  on the floor on her face. She was breathing heavy and exhausted. As she collapsed,
  Sharon's body followed her and lay on top of her on the floor.  
Loren kept the tape recording, as the two women lay exhausted on the floor.
  He looked down and saw it! There it was, the evidence that betrayed his disobedience!
  He had enjoyed an orgasm and spilled his cum on the floor! He had, in his weakness
  violated Amy's instructions! The small pool of his disgusting yellow and white
  sperm was in a puddle on the carpet beneath his already shrinking cock. A thin
  line of cum connected his penis to the thick white liquid on the floor. Did
  she see him? Maybe he could wipe it up and she would never know! His mind was
  racing! Shaking, he reached down to wipe it up, but as he touched it, rather
  than wipe it up, he gently touched it with the tip of his figure and lifted
  a droplet to his lips! As he did he noticed both women. Sharon was still lying
  atop Amy, but their heads were now turned towards him and they were watching
  him. He froze for a moment.  
"Go ahead, eat it." Amy said with a smile. "It is yours, isn't it?"  
He swallowed the lump that clogged his throat. "You're going to castrate
  me tonight aren't you?"  
 Amy winked at him. "Yes Loren. You were a naughty boy and you know you need
  to be punished!"  
"I know. I broke my promise, I know. Amy&hellip; I love you! I'm ready." He
  responded, his voice quivering. I'm ready to be your slave and do whatever
  you want me to do!"  
Sharon kissed Amy on the side of her face. "See, I told you, you could do
  it."  
"Before you cut them off, I'd like to try something&gt;" Amy said looking
  up at Sharon who remained lying on top of her.  
"Of course darling, he's yours, do whatever you like."  
"I&hellip; I see him like that, licking his cum, he's so pathetic. I want
  to smash them with a hammer! You know? Just crush them and smash them into
  bloody pulp and listen to the sniveling bastard scream! I want to make sure
  he never even contemplates disobeying me again!"  
"Oh Christ, now I'm getting all hot again! You're such a sadistic bitch!"  
Both women broke into laughter!  
Loren stuck his finger in his mouth and he too smiled as he consumed of the
  last drop of cum ever to traverse his piss tube! He had finally submitted and
  a heavy weight had been lifted. He was free to serve Amy in anyway she desired.
  As he savored the taste of his own cum, he wondered what a black man's cum
  will taste like, but he would find out soon enough!  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Marion


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





