BDSM Library - Sentence: Fifty Strokes Of The Cane




Sentence: Fifty Strokes Of The Cane
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two American co-eds go travelling abroad and are not careful enough about anti-drug laws.  They are both summarily sentenced to receive fifty strokes of the cane.SENTENCE: FIFTY STROKES OF THE CANE   
 
  By Alex   
Tracy Holmes stood paralyzed in the prisoner's dock, shocked into complete
  silence. She had heard the judge, in his slightly accented English, pronounce
  his decision:  
&quot;Fifty strokes with the number 2 cane. Bailiffs! Take the prisoner down
  to the punishment room - I expect that room two will be free again now - and
  will the next officer available please administer the punishment directly.
  Miss Holmes, I trust this will teach you to obey the laws of our country. Assuming
  that it will, I am directing that as soon as you have suffered the appropriate
  punishment then your record will be cleared and you may continue with your
  travels, here or elsewhere. Next case please!&quot;  
A female police officer opened the low door of the dock and beckoned Tracy
  out. Tracy moved like a robot, unable to believe that these events were real.
  Another female officer closed in from the opposite side. They pulled her hands
  behind her and one of them snapped handcuffs around her wrists. Then they walked
  her out of the courtroom. She was still wearing the tight jeans and a T-shirt
  that she had put on that morning and, even in her shocked state, was aware
  that several pairs of eyes were appraising her body. She was too shocked, however,
  to guess more specifically what was going in the minds behind the eyes.  
The day had begun cheerfully enough, if not entirely innocently. Tracy was
  traveling in Asia with three other co-ed juniors and some other boys from her
  college in Florida. They had been very severely warned not to have anything
  whatsoever to do with drugs, and had even been told that some Westerners had
  been executed in an Asian country for trying to smuggle drugs. They had been
  sensible enough to stay far away from this activity, but not smart enough to
  remain completely away. That morning, in their hotel room, Tracy had produced
  a couple of tokes of pot that Jerry, one of the boys, had stupidly (even if
  so far safely) brought along and had slipped her the night before. Two of them,
  Melissa and Florence, had said &quot;No way!&quot; But Tracy and her closest
  friend Debbie had decided that a few puffs in their hotel room, for sorority
  times' sake, could not do any harm.  
They were wrong. The smell had gone through the ventilator system and an
  employee had alerted the police. While Tracy and Debbie had been puffing contentedly
  there had been a knock on the door. One of the friends, Melissa, had been passing
  the door at that moment and in an unfortunately oblivious moment had opened
  it.  
Tracy and Debbie were busted and events had then moved so fast that the two
  of them had been completely bewildered. They had been whisked off to the police
  station and confronted with an accusation that had simply been undeniable.
  They had been allowed to call the American Embassy. A junior official there
  had told them, in bored and reproving tones, that they had been very stupid,
  that under current policy they would probably be warned and released but that
  it was just possible they would be sentenced to five days in prison. If they
  were, he had said, then the American Embassy would contact the local authorities
  on their behalf. He had also told them that they would know what was going
  on because the courts simply switched to English when Americans were involved.  
Unfortunately, the bored official had not realized that the local authorities
  had just changed their policy, and that Tracy and Debbie were to be the first
  to foreigners to suffer from it. They had been sent immediately to a special
  court that dealt rapidly with minor offences. This was, indeed, a deliberate
  move on the part of the local authorities, who were determined to make an example
  of the immorality of visiting American tourists, before the Embassy could intervene.
  The two young women, left for a few minutes in a cell, had consoled each other
  that this was a real bummer but that they would simply be honest and that then,
  surely, they would be back with their friends very shortly, duly warned.  
Marched into the court they had found themselves seated in an enclosure with
  several other accused. These were mostly young women, since the court dealt
  mostly with prostitutes. Tracy and Debbie, of course, knew nothing about this.
  They watched in embarrassment and horror as two young women were successively
  out in the dock, dealt with by the judge after police had spoken to him, and
  then marched out. One of them, who was simply conducted out by two policewomen,
  but the second was also followed by another police woman wearing sergeant's
  stripes who had been sitting with some other police officers in a separate
  section. The second young woman had looked rather scared.  
Then Debbie, in a rapidly intensifying state of dismay had been taken to
  the dock. The court had, indeed, immediately switched to English. They policeman
  who had arrested them in their room had presented his account and the judge
  had asked her if it was accurate. Debbie had said yes and had begun to apologize
  but the judge had simply cut her short and had announced the sentence: fifty
  strokes of the cane.  
It was not only Debbie who had gasped and dropped her jaw in stunned silence.
  Tracy and their two friends, who had followed them to the police station, had
  reacted in the same way. It had, of course, made no difference. Debbie had
  been conducted out, followed by another of the policewomen with sergeant's
  stripes, and Tracy had found her self in the dock, with exactly the same results.  
She was now walking in a daze, her hands cuffed behind her and a female warden
  conducting her by each elbow. They had stepped into an elevator and one of
  the wardens pressed the button to go down several floors. She looked at Tracy's
  face, which was still blank with bewilderment. &quot;You're lucky you're only
  to get fifty strokes, and with the one-hand three foot cane! Some women get
  a hundred, like the woman before you &hellip; and she'll spend two weeks in
  a cell. She'll have to go to the punishment room twice. And the men get the
  four-foot two-handed cane, and that really shreds their arses!&quot; The other
  warden added, &quot;They have to have a doctor there, to stop them fainting!&quot; Tracy
  found herself dissociating herself from this exchange and wondering at their
  surprisingly good English. The first warden was remarking, &quot;With women
  they just rely on the sergeant knowing when to stop,&quot; to which the second
  added, &quot;Too bad for you that you got the badminton champion!&quot; Tracy
  suddenly began to feel sick.  
The elevator had stopped, opening into a long corridor that was bare except
  for a number of doors on one side. Each doors had a window and a couple of
  male police officers were looking through one of these, grinning broadly. As
  the two wardens started to walk Tracy along this corridor, one of the doors,
  beyond the one where the two policemen were standing, opened. Out of it emerged
  one of the female sergeants and a young woman, hands cuffed behind her back
  and two female wardens at each arm. Tracy recognized one of the young local
  women who had preceded Debbie in the dock. She was staring down as they passed
  in the corridor but Tracy could see that her face was very red and could hear
  her sobbing. Tracy had a horrible idea that she knew the reason.  
Confirmation followed in another second, when she heard a sudden, muffled,
  thwatt!, followed by a cry, also muffled. The two men staring through the door
  further down the corridor had reacted with a laugh. There was an understanding
  in the prison that the female police would allow men to watch the caning of
  a woman if they paid a high enough bribe. These two had paid a handsome price
  for the privilege of watching two American girls stripped and caned. As Tracy
  was led past them by her two wardens, one of whom said something to the men,
  who reacted with another laugh, she glanced through the window between their
  heads. In that instant she glimpsed an arm flashing up high and then down and
  heard another muffled thwatt and shriek. Her head swam as she realized that
  these must be the sounds of Debbie being caned.  
In a moment they arrived at the door out of which the group of four had emerged
  a few moments before. One of the wardens pushed it open and the other pushed
  Tracy through it, just as she heard another thwatt and shriek down the corridor.
  But now she was confronted with the room in which her own punishment was to
  take place. If she had had any doubt it would certainly have been dispelled
  right then. In fact, she had had no doubt, but had not known what to expect.  
The room was bare concrete, the floor painted gray and the wall green up
  to shoulder level, with white above that. Two bare, bright lights hung from
  the ceiling. The room was cool, which would normally have been welcome in the
  tropical climate but made Tracy shiver at this moment. Against the wall to
  the left was a large, heavy X-shaped frame, the crossing somewhat lower than
  half-way up, with straps hanging from the crossing and the lower and upper
  arms. Terrifying as this sight was, it did not actually represent Tracy's fate.
  The punishment rooms were used for both male and female offenders and the X-frame
  was usually reserved for the whipping of men. But the rest of the room was
  disconcerting enough.  
Hanging from racks on the back wall was arrayed a wide range of instruments
  for corporal punishment, from whips, through straps, to canes. In the center
  of the room was a curious piece of furniture, unlike anything that Tracy had
  seen before, but horribly obvious in its function. It was a padded board, about
  five feet long and two feet wide. The legs were higher at the further end,
  facing the wall on the instruments were hanging, and were splayed out and sloping
  back. The legs were actually at right angles to the board, but their backwards
  angle made the board slope downwards to shorter legs that splayed out at the
  nearer end. There was a large hump in the padding at the high end. Straps hung
  from a third of the way down the longer legs and nearer the bottom of the shorter
  legs, and two ends of a wider strap hung from the underside of the board, a
  little more than a foot from its higher end. A small desk with a book and papers
  stood in the far right corner, while in the near left corner, behind the door,
  was another item of furniture, not altogether reassuring. It was a toilet,
  without a seat. Beside it, beneath a faucet sticking out of the wall, was a
  bucket with cloths and a toilet paper holder was affixed to the wall.  
Tracy now found herself positioned between the right wall and what was plainly
  the caning bench, facing the latter, held by the warden on each side. They
  had been talking in their own language, but suddenly switched to English.  
One of them, the one with a more pleasant voice, saw Tracy staring in terror
  around the room. &quot;You don't have to worry about the X-frame - that's only
  used for men, and for women who are sentenced to flogging for violent crimes
  - they often get marked for life!&quot; Tracy was not really comforted. Both
  pieces of apparatus looked equally terrifying and she did not know enough about
  local law to realize how severe corporal punishment could be  
&quot;Where's the sergeant?&quot; asked the other warden. &quot;She's here
  in a moment &hellip; with foreigners she always like to bring her own cane.&quot;  
Tracy's head swam even more. There could be no doubt that she was about to
  suffer a very painful punishment, but the idea that the sergeant was bringing
  a special cane specifically to beat her somehow made it seem even worse. She
  was staring at the equipment in the room, knowing that some of it was there
  for her, half trying to understand what might happen, half trying not to think
  anything at all.  
The door opened and the warden's remark was confirmed. A female sergeant
  with a distinctly deliberate manner entered, holding a long cane in her left
  hand. She greeted the wardens and then passed behind them. Tracy was startled
  to feel a hand press across her bottom, accompanied by a remark by the sergeant
  in English.  
&quot;Nice round buttocks! I think we got the better bottom here, don't you
  think?&quot;  
One of the wardens laughed in apparent assent and the sergeant added, &quot;Nice
  enough to deserve special treatment. We'll see what we can do!&quot;  
The same warden laughed again. Then the sergeant gave an order that resulted
  in one of the warden's undoing the handcuffs. Even as Tracy felt relief at
  this, bringing her hands together in front to rub her wrists, she began to
  realize it meant that it was only to facilitate something much worse.  
The sergeant had now come around in front of Tracy and stood there, staring
  straight in her eyes.  
&quot;Take your clothes off &hellip; leave them on the floor.&quot;  
Tracy looked at her in stunned amazement, &quot;Wh..wh..what..??&quot;  
The sergeant stared at her silently for a moment. She was flexing the long
  cane between her hands. The she said, icily, &quot;You must be stupid to be
  here in the first place, but can you be so stupid that you don't understand
  your own language, which we use for your convenience? I said take off you clothes &hellip; everything &hellip; and
  leave it on the floor. NOW!&quot;  
Tracy jumped at the violence of the last command but, at least, was startled
  into action. She kicked off her sandals, then, taking a deep breath, pressing
  her lips together and staring downwards, she reached for the edge of her T-shirt
  and pulled it up, up over her chest, over her head - which at least blocked
  the awful view for a moment, and then off her head, dropping it on the floor.
  She was wearing a bra - they had all been warned not to walk around braless
  - and she was surprised to find the sergeant staring unabashedly at her chest.
  Tracy almost stopped her undressing but realized that this would probably provoke
  another explosion, so she moved her hands to the poppers and zipper of her
  jeans. In the silence, the sounds of undoing them were strangely loud. She
  pushed the jeans down and because of their tightness she had to wriggle her
  hips through them. She reached down to pull them off her feet and stood up
  again, kicking the jeans away. The sergeant was looking down at Tracy's panties.
  These were bikini and not thong, but the sergeant still stared. Tracy stretched
  her hands behind her back, fiddled with the fastener on her bra until it was
  released and then slipped the garment over her shoulders and let it fall from
  her breasts to the floor. Tracy had very fine breasts, high, full, round, firm
  and with small dark nipples. The sergeant stared at them, seeming both casual
  and interested. Tracy wondered whether she was a lesbian.  
The sergeant was not, in fact, but she had developed an unabashed interest
  in observing both the prisoners she had to cane, and the effects of the caning
  itself. This, for her, was a unique moment, for she shared the interest of
  many of her countrywomen in observing what it was about American women that
  their men seemed to find so sexy. And she was now in a peculiar position to
  do this. She had not caned an American woman before and the sudden effort of
  her government to inflict this lesson had put her in a singularly privileged
  role She stared at the now almost naked girl in front of her. She already knew
  well that many female offenders found a visual inspection by a female police
  officer humiliating, and she was sure that this American girl would find it
  even more so.  
The sergeant's stare suddenly made her painfully self-conscious about her
  own sex in a way that had never happened before, even when she first gone all
  the way with a boy friend. It was more like the mild hazing she had endured
  when she had joined the sorority and the new girls had had to parade naked
  in front of the sorority committee - only far, far worse. She was a natural
  blond and her pubic hair was honey-colored. She also liked to wear bikinis
  and so kept up with her bikini waxing. Often she liked to admire in a mirror
  how she had removed the unwanted pubic hair so that the soft hairs of her muff
  neatly followed her slit down the center of her pubes. Now she could almost
  feel it curving back between her thighs under the sergeant's gaze and began
  to think of the hair as protecting her most intimate privacy. And she was becoming
  increasingly uncomfortable as she saw the sergeant staring below her waist
  with such interest. Instinctively, she pressed her thighs more tightly together.
  Unfortunately, never having been subjected to corporal punishment before, it
  had not yet occurred to her that she would shortly be forced to present to
  the sergeant's view even the most intimate details of her pussy, still at this
  moment safe between her legs.  
A long, excruciating silence continued until the sergeant, seemingly satisfied
  with her examination, stepped back, pointed over to the toilet in the corner
  and ordered, &quot;Go and relieve yourself!&quot;  
Tracy was stunned yet again, her jaw dropping once more. The sergeant, who
  enjoyed such moments, stared at her, sighed and remarked with exaggerated patience.  
&quot;Since, in your own country, your stupidity has presumably not yet resulted
  in the situation that you've now landed yourself in, you may not realize that
  when you are bent over for a caning you may well find yourself needing to urinate.
  If you do that during your caning then your punishment will be extended. We
  are therefore kind enough to provide the opportunity to relieve yourself before
  your caning starts. Get over there and do it!&quot;  
The warden to her left had moved back to let Tracy past and, with a deep
  gasp of dismay and embarrassment, Tracy turned to go over to the toilet in
  the opposite corner. As she did so, she suddenly caught sight of two heads
  in the door window. She swallowed in disgust at the knowledge that two men
  were staring at her, naked as she turned towards them. But there was nothing
  she could do except hurry her steps towards where she didn't want to go. At
  the same time, the sight of the two men made her remember that she had heard
  the clunk of a door closing a minute earlier. Debbie's caning must have finished
  and the guards had moved to the next display, which was her. She could only
  barely wonder what state Debbie was in, because she was now becoming so consumed
  by her own distress.  
All she could do was to stare at the floor as she shuffled over to the toilet,
  avoid looking at the window in the door, and try not to think more than a second
  ahead. She turned around to sit on the toilet bowl, recoiling slightly at the
  feel of the cold porcelain on her skin and the uncomfortable way that the hard
  edge, without a seat, pressed into her thighs. She was supposed to pee but
  it was hard to do so while the sergeant and the two wardens were staring at
  her. The thought flickered through her mind that normally she wouldn't have
  thought twice about peeing while other women were around, now it was so different.
  She managed to force herself and was immediately shocked at the noise of her
  pee splashing in the bowl. The embarrassment brought her effort to an end -
  she couldn't manage any more. She had to force herself to tear some of the
  toilet paper and wipe herself off. Somehow she thought that she didn't want
  to show herself still dripping. The paper was coarse and unpleasant. She stood
  up awkwardly and barely remembered to flush.  
She didn't know what to do next. The sergeant pointed to the near side of
  the caning bench and one of the wardens moved around the bench to the same
  side. She found herself standing beside it, bewildered. &quot;Go on! Don't
  just stand there! Get up on it!&quot; ordered the sergeant. She didn't know
  how to get up. She knew, without thinking, that her bottom had to go at the
  higher end, but the back legs sloping outwards made it very awkward to mount
  it. The warden still standing at the other side, rather more helpful, said, &quot;Put
  your hands on the bench and lie down on it with your hips at the end.&quot; She
  bent forward, placed her hands halfway down the padding and tried to swivel
  upon to it. As she did so, she suddenly felt her hips lifted by strong hands
  and found herself moved bodily onto the bench with the two wardens hoisting
  her. Then she was lying down on it, head it, head near the lower end. She felt
  each knee grabbed and her legs forced apart as straps were quickly fastened
  around her thighs.  
Part of her wanted to scream in furious protest, but she was rapidly being
  overwhelmed by an urge simply to submit. The wardens had now moved level with
  her shoulders, pulling her arms down and strapping her wrists to the front
  supports of the bench. The face of the warden on her right was just inches
  from her own and she heard her whisper, &quot;It'll be over in about 5 minutes.&quot;  
Tracy realized that the warden was actually trying to be kind, but it didn't
  work. What was &quot;it&quot;? She knew that &quot;it&quot; was the sergeant
  and her cane, but beyond that she knew only fear. The warden reached down under
  the bench and Tracy felt the wide straps flipped across the small of her back
  and tightened. This pulled her down against the bench, forcing the hump at
  the rear end of the bench hard into her belly, tilting up her hips. She suddenly
  recognized an utterly unexpected and highly discomforting sense of familiarity.
  She had thoroughly enjoyed having sex wither latest boyfriend, who liked best
  to enter her from behind. When she had got used to this doggy-style sex, she
  always looked forward to kneeling down on her elbows, with spread her legs
  and her bottom tilted up towards him when he was kneeling ready and rampant
  behind her, for she knew that offering him such an inviting view between her
  thighs drove him almost crazy with the desire to thrust hard and deep into
  her. This sudden sense of familiarity in her exposed position, now forcibly
  restrained on the caning bench, almost choked her with disgust and fear.  
The wardens had stepped back and Tracy saw the one on her left nod towards
  the sergeant. Tracy couldn't help herself staring back, to where she could
  see the sergeant carefully adjusting her stance. She suddenly felt a thin line
  of firm pressure across the center of her bottom. The sergeant's gaze was focused
  on it. Then she turned briefly and her eyes met Tracy's.  
A wave of panic and fear overwhelmed Tracy's mind and body. Abruptly she
  knew she was going to pee and, a helpless moment later, felt the liquid spurt
  from between her thighs. She squeezed her eyes shut in agonized embarrassment,
  which at least saved her from seeing the grinning faces at the door. But she
  could hear the spurt of her pee splashing softly on the concrete floor. As
  it slowly and erratically stopped, she forced herself to open her eyes and
  look back. The warden's eyebrows were raised and the sergeant had a look of
  disgust on her face.  
Tracy was not to know that the sergeant's feelings were of satisfaction rather
  than disgust. &quot;So you foreign girls can't even control yourselves! Well,
  that will certain guarantee a little extra attention &hellip; and you can clean
  the mess up yourself when we've finished with you! Meanwhile, if you're finished,
  we can begin.&quot;  
She focused her gaze on Tracy's bottom again and Tracy felt the thin line
  of pressure harden across her cheeks. At same time she was ludicrously aware,
  in the cell's cool air, of a warm trickle of urine slowly dripping from her
  clitoris. For a moment, life seemed to stand still, and then WHAP!  
Tracy actually saw the sergeant's arm and the cane suddenly lift high over
  her shoulder and start to sweep down. In the same instant her senses fused
  in a shockwave of pain exploding in her bottom and surging through her body.
  For a few seconds the unbelievable pain seemed unbelievably to grow even worse &hellip; and
  then slowly recede into a furious burning across her cheeks.  
Tracy didn't hear her own shriek and she wasn't aware of her body's frantic
  jerk against the straps. But she slowly became aware of herself gasping in
  horrified surprise, of the shocking pain in her bottom, and her body pressing
  down on the bench. With mind still swirling, she heard the warden to her left
  call out, &quot;One!&quot; And then, a few seconds later, felt pressure across
  her cheeks again. Her mind just clear enough to tell herself, &quot;Omigod!
  Another stroke!&quot; When WHAP! again. Her brain just registered the hiss
  and crack of the cane a split second before another explosion of pain jerked
  her body along the bench and brought another shriek to her throat. &quot;Two!&quot; she
  heard the warden call as she desperately gasped for breath a second time, and
  then sshhwishhTHWATT! Again, once more sending her senses whirling in agony.
  Her mind was spinning off into chaos as her bottom exploded in continuing bursts
  of unbearable fire. Three! Four! Five! Six! Seven! Eight! Nine! Ten times the
  warden called out, as the sergeant whipped her cane down across Tracy's helpless
  bottom in a series of ferocious strokes.  
The spinning of Tracy's mind seemed to slow and she became aware once again
  of the warden standing silently beside her, eyes shifting between Tracy's bottom
  and her face, as Tracy's recovering brain and the ghastly pain in her bottom
  told her that, yes, here she really was, helpless as the beating to which she
  had heard the judge sentence her, had actually begun. Now she was breathing
  deeply, trying to regain her self-control, when she saw the warden exchange
  glances with the sergeant, and felt the cane pressing across her bottom again.
  She couldn't do anything but wait, helpless and hopeless, for the next stroke.  
THWATT! It came almost immediately, then, before she could recover, it came
  again, slamming her into another helpless spasm of jerks and squeals and gasps.
  With the rapidly building pain in her bottom, a cycle of fiery explosions and
  throbbing, agonizing aching, this second set of ten strokes seemed worse than
  the first, sending her mind spinning into confusion and leaving her screaming
  and twisting against the straps.  
Gasping for breath, she began to recover slightly in the next interval. She
  was normally considered the opposite of a cry-baby and her skill and enthusiasm
  for several sports made her seem usually tough and disciplined. But this punishment
  was turning her world completely upside down. Since at least the eleventh grade
  she had been very proud of well-shaped prominence of her bottom, and of its
  rounded firmness. Other girls admired it and she liked it when boys ogled.
  But she had never, for a single instant, thought of her bottom as her body's
  gateway to excruciating pain, which it had now suddenly become. She had never
  been in the position that she was now in, utterly helpless, with her bottom
  as the focus of other people's attention, especially when those people were
  making her bottom the target through which to inflict deliberate pain. It was
  not just the pain, excruciating though that was, but the also the circumstances
  in which that pain was being inflicted, that were sending her mind spinning
  out of control.  
As the sergeant and the warden exchanged glances again, and as the sergeant
  raised her cane again to begin the third set of ten strokes, Tracy became a
  helpless, almost mindless body. THWATT! The thirtieth stroke cracked across
  her now badly bruised bottom. She reacted as a mere bundle of reflexes, her
  body jumping forward on the caning bench with each CRACK! of the cane, her
  hair flying as her head jerked up with a squawk of agony .  
The sergeant knew exactly what was going on, since she had observed it many
  times, both formerly as a warden and now under her own administration of the
  cane. She expected it and was normally satisfied to continue this way until
  the caning was finished and the poor woman, whoever she was on that occasion,
  slowly came back to life. She was, hover, more than a little fascinated to
  observe the effects of the cane on the bottom of an American girl. The girl's
  skin was much paler than that of the local women. As usual, the cane strokes
  were leaving a line of white for a brief moment before the blood rushed back
  into the line of its impact and the flesh under the skin's surface began to
  show the damage. With this girl's bottom, each mark was starting to grow purple
  beneath the skin and then crimson would rise to the surface, creating a satisfyingly
  brilliant pattern of strikes across the bruised cheeks. By half-way through
  the third set of ten strokes, the marks of several strokes were starting to
  become prominent welts and, where later strokes had landed over earlier, their
  crossings were turning deep purple. On the outside of the girl's right bottom
  cheek, even more deeply crimsoned fingers of raised welts splayed outwards
  and downwards, where the flexible rattan had curled around the bottom and its
  tip had bitten more deeply into the skin.  
The sergeant, as was her practice, had begun by aiming the first two sets
  of ten strokes more or less across the crown of the bottom presented to her,
  and had now shifted her aim slightly higher. This girl's bottom was rather
  fuller and rounder than many she caned, and the upper part of her bottom, being
  better padded, was better able to absorb the cane strokes. Even so, the cane's
  impact here had a harsher sound and the bruises were appearing faster and darker.
  The sergeant did not consider herself sadistic but, having long before got
  used to the idea that her duty was to inflict pain deliberately and fulfill
  the purposes of the legal system in which she had found her career, she now
  found considerable satisfaction in administering these punishments with the
  maximum efficacy possible. And she was more than pleased to have the privilege
  of administering such punishment to one of the many young Americans who seemed
  to take such pleasure in flaunting their disrepect for local customs, and the
  first who had been called to account. THWATT! She delivered the thirtieth stroke
  with perhaps a bit more strength than was normal and watched without surprise
  as the accumulating pain caused the girl to jerk and shriek in reaction.  
Tracy felt almost as though she were about to faint. Apart from the awful,
  throbbing pain in her bottom, her brain was now blurred, tears were dripping
  from her eyes and she could feel her body covered with sweat. She breathed
  as deeply as she could. The oxygen seemed to help with the pain. And some need
  of self-control, developed in her years of sport, was reasserting itself. She
  began to think again, knowing she shouldn't just lie there helplessly, being
  beaten. She realized that the strokes had been coming at very regular intervals.
  This was where she could recover some grip on herself. Looking at the warden
  on her left again, she felt there was a very fleeting look of encouragement,
  but it came just before the warden turned to her right and exchanged another
  look with the sergeant. This was it. Tracy knew the beating was about to start
  again.  
Her hands found the wooden supports to which they were strapped and she gripped
  them as though her life depended on it. She made herself look back at the sergeant,
  something she had been unable to do for the last twenty strokes or so. Saw
  the sergeant fix her gaze on her bottom and felt the thin cane pressing against
  it. Realized that the line of pressure was now low across her cheeks, just
  above her thighs, and for a fleeting moment remembered the inviting vulnerability
  between her thighs that she had once been so happy to exploit. Then the pressure
  vanished and she saw the cane lift high over the sergeant's shoulder. This
  time she forced herself to stay aware of it all: the swish of the cane, the
  THWATT as it struck low across her own bottom, the explosion of pain in her
  up-thrust rear end, even the jerk of her own body as it reacted to the impact
  and the gasp of agony that burst from her own throat. For a moment her brain
  started to swim and then her ability to think suddenly returned and, in that
  moment, she knew, not only that she would survive this horrible ordeal, but
  also that she could salvage some self-respect from it. She started to count.
  She knew that she had missed the count of one, so she started at two. She heard
  the warden callout &quot;thirty-one!&quot; and she kept on counting. As she
  was counting &quot;four&quot; she saw the sergeant's arm and the cane rise
  high. Still forcing herself to watch, she counted &quot;five&quot; and then,
  as the stroke landed, another shock wave ran through her body and her mind.
  Then she heard it all again and the feeling came, with a peculiar surprise,
  that her mind seemed to disconnect from her body as she saw the lift of arm
  and cane starting the next stroke. As her bottom flared again and her body
  jumped of its own accord, she began to feel that she was seeing it all as from
  a distance. The strokes were coming at five second intervals and she started
  to count again. swisshhTHWATT! She realized she could hear quite clearly both
  the sound of the cane's swish through the air and the explosive sound of it
  landing across her bottom. It was becoming weirdly fascinating. Count and swisshhTHWATT!
  Count, &quot;thirty-three!&quot; and swisshhTHWATT! Start counting again. As
  the warden's call rose to forty strokes, Tracy was still gasping and twisting
  against her straps, still sweating all over (even on her bottom, the bizarre
  realization suddenly entered her mind), but she had made it to forty, she had
  her mind back, and there were only ten more to go.  
The sergeant saw that Tracy's reaction to her caning had changed, noticing
  a difference in Tracy's eyes and in her reaction when the cane landed. It was
  unusual but not unknown for women to emerge from a passive state of acceptance
  towards the end of their caning. She decided to deliver the last ten strokes
  where she had aimed the previous ten, low across the bottom, where she knew
  women were psychologically as well as physically more vulnerable. The welts
  were already showing crimson and purple just above the crease where the girl's
  thighs began. The position of punishment, with the hips raised by the hump
  at the end of the bench and thighs pulled apart by the straps, always exposed
  the private parts and she had been interested to see that this American girl's
  labia were much pinker than those of local women. And the pubic hair was different.
  She could tell now that this girl had taken care to remove any pubic hair that
  would show when wearing a bikini, for the hair covering the front end of her
  slit had a sharp edge. Local women had a smaller area of pubic hair that softened
  into the intimate skin of their crotch. Her own crotch was like that. She thought
  this was much more attractive and why men didn't always prefer local girls,
  she couldn't imagine. She'd been told that American girls called their pubic
  hair their muff, and now she could see why. It looked, somehow, muff-like,
  whatever a muff was. Well, pubic hair or no, this girl was certainly not going
  to want to wear a bikini for three weeks at least. The sergeant remembered
  the spurt of urine that had shot from the girl's slit a few minutes before
  and which was still puddled on the floor. She smiled slightly. The girl's punishment
  was not yet over.  
The sergeant's champion skills at badminton had given her the ability to
  wield the cane with remarkably fine nuances of delivery and, before starting
  the final set of ten strokes with the cane, she made one final assessment.
  When the prisoners were bending over in this position, their labia sometimes
  became so prominent that it was possible for the sergeant to make her cane
  just tip this delicate skin, and she was not above doing this deliberately
  for the sake of a few final effects. But this girl's labia were too deeply
  protected between her thighs. Too bad, it would have interesting to see her
  reaction - and to tell her husband about it. The sergeant's husband always
  wanted to hear the detail when she caned a women prisoner. They usually had
  vigorous sex afterwards and this little detail always made him even more excited.
  And with an American girl as the prisoner her husband would be desperate to
  hear every little detail. The sergeant smiled to herself, for she knew she
  could bargain something extra out of her husband for the privilege of these
  details. She hadn't yet decided whether that would be sexual favors or housework.
  She had to finish the job first.  
She proceeded to deliver the final ten across the rapidly darkening swathe
  of bruises low across the girl's bottom cheeks, carefully adjusting her arm
  strength and wrist flexion for each stroke. The wardens, who had come to know
  the peculiarities of each sergeant's style of caning, could tell by the slight
  variations of sound, both of the cane's sizzle through the air and its impact
  on the Tracy's bottom, that the sergeant was giving an extra edge to these
  final strokes.  
Tracy felt only that the pain was unrelenting, each successive set of ten
  strokes yet another passage of agony. Gripping the bench legs frantically and
  trying desperately to take a deep enough breath before each stroke, her body
  bucking against the straps as it absorbed the shock of each impact, she knew
  that she was hanging on to her self-control only by the thinnest margin. A
  hot, sharply throbbing numbness began to spread through her bottom, even between
  her thighs, offering some relief from the immediate explosions of pain as each
  stroke landed. Finally she heard the warden call out fifty, just as she was
  feeling as though she might be cut right in half.  
She was left gasping for breath, tears flooding her eyes, and an agonizing
  throb of pain in her bottom. But it was over. She had survived. Through tear-blurred
  sight she saw the sergeant turn to place her cane across the small desk. Thank
  God! The sergeant had now walked behind her, where she could not see, and after
  a moment reappeared, holding another implement. Oh God! Was there something
  else? The answer came in a moment: &quot;Well, if you had behaved then your
  punishment would be over. But since you've messed up this room we will see
  how you take six more strokes with a whip.&quot;  
The sergeant actually took care to show Tracy what she was now holding. It
  was a whip, a short one, about four feet long, looking as though it was made
  from plaited leather, thicker at the handle than at its business end. Tracy,
  in renewed despair, glanced at the warden. She thought she saw a glimmer of
  sympathy, but it was not going to help her. Once more her hands went to the
  bench legs and she gripped them desperately. The sergeant took up her stance
  again and as she raised her arm Tracy took another deep breath and squeezed
  her eyes shut.  
WHAPP! The whip seemed to cut right through the numbness that had begun to
  bring relief to her bottom and Tracy felt herself once more jerk and shriek
  with the pain. WHAPP! Again. Her mind was spinning out of control once more
  as the whip cut across the center of her bottom in six vicious strokes. Then
  it stopped, and she heard the sergeant say something. But she didn't know what
  it was, because she felt suddenly and completely exhausted by the anguish,
  her mind in state of numbed awareness, without real thought, floating somewhere
  at the edge of the terrible pain filling her bottom.  
The sergeant had gone behind her again to hang the whip back up on the rack
  but, while she was there, stopped to gaze shamelessly between Tracy's thighs,
  at the details of her sex in the white recesses of her cleft, untouched by
  the cane and the whip that had covered each cheek with brilliantly colored
  weals and swelling welts, now rising from a ground of angry red that had now
  suffused the girl's entire bottom. The six strokes of the whip had broken the
  skin in a few places where strokes had crossed, and there were some spots of
  blood. The sergeant reverted to her own language and remarked, quite matter
  of factly, &quot;I'd better take a good look because my husband won't forgive
  me if I can't tell him all about it!&quot; The warden who had been on Tracy's
  left said nothing, but the other one laughed coarsely. &quot;OK, you can undo
  her now,&quot; the sergeant added.  
Tracy realized that the straps at her waist, her wrists, and her thighs were
  being undone, and that she was being helped down from the bench. She moved
  stiffly and with great reluctance, as though fearing that her legs might fall
  apart from her body where the pain had seared her. Without thinking she moved
  one hand very gingerly to a bottom cheek and was shocked to find the normally
  silken, smooth skin swollen and deeply dented.  
As she tried to regain her senses she was abruptly brought up short by the
  sergeant again. &quot;Right! Now that your punishment is over you can clean
  up the mess you've made of this place! Get a bucket of water and mop it up!&quot; She
  was pointing over towards the toilet, where Tracy's humiliation had begun and
  where a bucket and cloth stood beneath a faucet.  
Tracy could not believe this renewed assault on her self-respect, but neither
  could she do anything to resist. She hobbled awkwardly across to the toilet
  corner, not daring to place her hands on her throbbing bottom. She half-filled
  the buck and then lugged it to the back of the room, where the sergeant was
  still standing. Sure enough, splashes of her own pee were glistening on the
  concrete floor, where it had spurted almost all the way to the wall on which
  the array of instruments was hanging. Tracy fell to her knees and began to
  clean up what was indeed her own mess. She was cringing, not only at this new
  humiliation but also at the knowledge that she was once more, in this position,
  presenting her severely damaged bottom to the eyes of her tormentor.  
The sergeant, finally, said, &quot;OK! That's good enough. Take the bucket
  and empty it in the toilet.&quot; Tracy staggered to her feet and did as she
  was ordered. The sergeant had turned to the desk, where she was entering a
  record of Tracy's caning in the book. Then, she said something to the two wardens,
  picked up her cane, looked at Tracy again, and said, &quot;Perhaps now you
  will know to respect our laws!&quot; and turned to leave the room without waiting
  for a reply.  
Tears were still running from Tracy's eyes as the warden who had been standing
  to her left said, not unkindly, &quot;Alright &hellip; it's finished. Come
  and get your clothes on again and we'll take you back upstairs to where you
  can leave. Your friend is probably waiting for you &hellip; her punishment
  was over a little while ago.&quot; Tracy, incapable of speech, returned to
  where her clothes were still lying in the ignominious heap into which they
  had fallen just a short while before, and thankfully started to get dressed.
  She regretted having worn the tight jeans that she had picked up that morning
  without any sense of what the day would bring. Pulling them up over her corrugated
  and throbbing bottom was painfully difficult, though the feeling of the fabric
  stretched taut around her cheeks became strangely comforting, like a protective
  shell. And it was an enormous relief to be wearing her clothes again.  
The wardens, no longer grasping her elbows, motioned her out of the room
  and accompanied her down the corridor along which she entered this hell. The
  men she had seen were no longer there, but a disconcerting reminder of what
  she has just endured came in the sound of more muffled thwatts and shrieks,
  from the other side of a door they passed. One of the wardens, reminding her
  of an earlier exchange, remarked, &quot;Just be grateful that you didn't get
  a hundred &hellip;and that you can leave instead of being left in a cell!&quot; Tracy
  could not even imagine what that would have been like.  
They re-entered the elevator, went up several floors, and the wardens let
  her out. She was in a large, bare hall. There, perched very uncomfortably on
  the edge of a hard chair, was Debbie, face still red and wet with tears. With
  her were Melissa and Florence, who had escaped their fate but had followed
  them to the police station. They had actually been in the courtroom, following
  the proceedings with horror, and were now extremely anxious to get them back
  to their hotel as quickly as possible.  
Her friends didn't wait to talk, saying only &quot;Let's get out of here!
  The clerk's been helpful and gave us permission to go out a back entrance to
  avoid the press. There's a taxi waiting there, and the hotel's done the same
  thing. Let's go! Can you two walk OK?&quot; Tracy looked at Debbie's tearful
  face and they nodded together. In truth, she was walking stiffly because her
  bottom was throbbing with pain, but she gratefully followed them in a rapid
  exit. The taxi was waiting and they got in. The other girls had already made
  arrangements with the driver and they didn't have to tell him where to go.
  They didn't talk in the taxi, either, just staring at each other, still in
  disbelief.  
The drive was only about ten minutes and, as they swung around a corner to
  a tradesman's entrance, Tracy saw that, indeed, the press was clustering at
  the main entrance. They paid the driver, asking him to tell no-one and gave
  him a very large tip, then hustled into the building, into the service elevator,
  still staring at each other as it went up to their floor, exited in a hurry,
  down the corridor, finally locking the door of their room behind them.  
Only then did Tracy and Debbie burst into sobbing tears and their two friends,
  deeply distressed, tried to find a balance between comforting them and finding
  out what had happened. One friend was hugging Debbie and the other Tracy. One
  of them said, &quot;Why don't you both have a good hot shower, it'll make you
  feel better, and then you can lie on the bed and we'll use cream and stuff
  on your poor butts.&quot;  
Their two friends started to help them both get undressed. Tracy and Melissa
  were standing to one side and behind Debbie and Florence. After getting off
  her T-shirt and bra, the friend moved to the fastenings of her jeans. Debbie
  reacted immediately, &quot;Oh God! Be careful! My butt's so painful I can hardly
  touch it!&quot; Together, with great care, they eased down her jeans and panties.
  Tracy and Melissa were attending to the same needs, but both glanced at Debbie's
  bottom cheeks as the jeans were eased down over them.  
They both reacted in the same instant with a gasped &quot;Omigod!&quot; Tracy's
  reaction continued with, &quot;That's what it looks like! No wonder it feels
  so awful! Mine must be the same!&quot; Up to that point, except for a very
  brief contact through her fingers when her caning had finished, her only information
  about the state of her bottom had been fed by its nerves directly to her brain.
  She winced as Melissa helped ease her own jeans and panties down. Melissa had
  just said, &quot;Yes, I'm afraid your butt looks just as bad!&quot; and then
  gasped in horror, &quot;In fact I think it's even worse &hellip; I can't believe
  this! It's bleeding!&quot; Tracy reached behind her and very gingerly slid
  a hand over her corrugated, throbbing cheeks and felt something wet. She looked
  at her hand and, sure enough, there was a smear of blood. She thought, &quot;That
  must have been the whip.&quot; Melissa was saying, &quot;Come on &hellip;.
  Let's get you in the shower and then we'll see what we can do to help you with
  this awful mess.&quot;  
Up to this moment, none of them had seen a bottom punished in any way at
  all, let alone one that had just undergone a severe judicial caning. Still
  shocked at both the day's events and the results now before them in the appearance
  of Tracy's and Debbie's bottoms, they all agreed the best thing was to get
  them in the shower and talk about it afterwards.  
Tracy and Debbie got in the shower together. They had often done that before,
  sometimes even larking around in a jokingly sexual way. Now they found themselves
  clinging together, emotionally bonded under the hot stream of water, crying
  bitterly, and their hands began very gently feeling for each other's bottom.
  At first without consciously thinking, their minds slowly started to connect
  the astonishment they felt at the hardening irregularities of the other's bottom
  with their own sense of both pain and relief, as they felt the same corrugations
  across their own bottom softly massaged with hot water and slippery soap.  
They did felt a bit after their shower. Their friends helped with drying
  their bottoms as gently as possible, and then led them to the bed, where they
  lay face down side by side, and Melissa and Florence got out a variety of creams
  and lotions, preparing to repair the damage, in so far as this was possible.  
They were still gasping words of horror at the condition of Debbie's and
  Tracy's bottom. Melissa, now bent closely over Tracy's bottom, for a moment
  became so completely amazed at what she saw. Perhaps because she was a studio
  art major and a rather skilled oil painter, she simply stared at it for a few
  moments, as though it were something spectacular, like an amazing new painting.
  How had the smooth, pale spheres she had last glimpsed, without giving them
  a thought, when they were all dressing that morning, been so transformed?  
By now Tracy's bottom was deep purple and crimson all over, an angry crimson
  spreading out into the edges of the cheeks even beyond were the cane had actually
  landed. Its paired spheres was now matched by deep grooves and prominent ridges
  that ran across Tracy's cleft and stretched, on the outer side of the right
  cheek, into prominently swollen fingers of crimson, curling round where the
  tip of the cane had buried itself in the flesh, stroke after stroke after stroke.
  A little blood was still oozing from a few spots. Melissa slipped a hand carefully
  over the once smooth skin of Tracy's cheeks, feeling the still hot corrugations,
  moving her finger tips gently down the jagged lines of welts bordering the
  bottom cleft, tracing the grooves from left to right cheek and following the
  deep imprints of the cane stretching across the bottom, astonished at how the
  tramlines of bruises still offered such a startling record of each stroke.  
Florence began to stare at her friend with some disapproval. &quot;What are
  you doing, Melissa? Stop staring and get down to something helpful!&quot; She
  picked up a jar of skin cream, removing the lid and scooping out a liberal
  amount of cream to apply to Debbie's bottom. Melissa woke up from her peculiar
  reverie and began to work on Tracy's bottom in the same way. Then slowly, as
  tactfully as possible, they began to ask about what had happened after Debbie
  and Tracy had been marched from the courtroom..  
At first, Tracy could hardly bear the idea of revisiting the experience but
  then it began to seem therapeutic to share it with her friends, and to compare
  her own experience with Debbie's. It was clear that Debbie had also received
  an extremely severe caning, but it sounded as though her sergeant had not been
  so vicious. The both agreed on how they had at first been stunned with disbelief,
  how they had been marched off as if into a nightmare, their horror at their
  first glimpse of the punishment room, their humiliation at undressing, their
  anger when they were strapped to the bench and how it turned into helpless
  terror, the excruciating shock of the first stroke, the way in which they'd
  felt overwhelmed by a nightmare of pain that seemed it might never end, and
  then the final silence, also somehow unbelievable, as they realized that the
  beating had ended and their bottoms were still there, throbbing with pain.  
Tracy found out that Debbie had also been told to pee. It was obviously the
  usual thing. But Debbie had not disgraced herself when strapped to the bench.
  When Melissa and Florence heard that Tracy had practically peed in the sergeant's
  face, they even managed a laugh. But they also managed to identify the six,
  vivid welts from the whip with which Tracy's punishment had concluded, and
  they knew it had been a very long way from a joke.  
Their tension and pain was finally beginning to ease slightly when there
  was a knock on the door. There was an immediate argument as to whether they
  should answer it, but Melissa finally went to the door and, leaving the door
  chain in place, opened it slightly ajar. It was one of the boys who were traveling
  with them but Melissa kept the door chained, for Tracy and Debbie were still
  lying butt-naked (and striped) on the bed.  
Tracy could hear the whispered conversation. 
&quot;I just wanted to know whether they're OK?&quot; 
&quot;Sure, if you can call having your arse beaten black and blue OK!&quot; . 
&quot;It's so awful &hellip;. Jerry feels really bad.&quot; 
&quot;So he should, and more! The stupid jerk! You can tell him that nobody gave
him away, even though they probably should have. He just deserves to have his
buns totally busted.&quot; 
&quot;Yeah .. we all think that &hellip; well, just checking in with you. Should
warn you that the press is trying to get at Tracy and Debbie, but the hotel is
being pretty helpful in keeping them out. Need anything?&quot; 
&quot;OK &hellip; no, I don't think so right now, but we appreciate it. I'm guessing
that we'll stay holed up in this room, at least until tomorrow. Maybe you could
call us on the phone in about an hour to see if they want anything to eat. Let
the phone ring twice, hang up and then dial again immediately &hellip; that way
we'll know it's you!&quot; 
&quot;OK, will do, take care!&quot; 
&quot;Thanks!&quot;   
Melissa closed and locked the door again. &quot;That was Robert &hellip; I
  talked with him 'cause I think he's OK.&quot;  
This was followed by a sudden silence, because all four girls had had the
  same thought at the same moment. Tracy expressed it first: &quot;Omigod! You
  know what &hellip;.the press is bound to print something and EVERYONE is going
  to know &hellip; the whole school &hellip; and our parents! What a goddam mess!&quot; &quot;Yes,&quot; added
  Melissa, not too helpfully, &quot;You'll probably be in Time and Newsweek!&quot;  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Alex


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





