BDSM Library - Not Tattered, But Torn




Not Tattered, But Torn
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Intense tale of a slave, taken by a sadistic Dom, and brutally used to torture her own Master.Not Tattered, But Torn
 It had been over a week since i had been able to chat with my Master
      online. The longest week in my life so far, in fact. At present, i was
    even evaluating the worth of my life suffering from constant torment, or
    inviting death to avoid it, but squash the chance of being with my Master
    ever again. As the crop came hissing down on my torso for the thirteenth
    time, it was still a decision to be made. Perhaps the only thing that made
    it debatable, is knowing my Master wouldn't approve.
  i glared at the man who stood before me. He wasn't my Master... He was
  someone who wanted nothing more than to break me down until i was nothing
  more than a human doormat. i can't even begin to measure the amount of
  hatred i had for this man. But i was to learn very shortly, just how much
  more hatred i was capable of.
&quot;Well, it looks like my new toy can handle some pain. And I must say, I'd
  be impressed with your quick learning of the lessons I have given you. I would
  be impressed, but I can tell that you've already be trained. Sometimes that makes
  my job easier, but I think in this case, you worthless little whore, by having
  been someone else's pain slut makes my job of training you much, much harder.
  I can tell you love whoever trained you. I can see that pathetic, sentimental
  look you have in your eyes every time I come near you.&quot;
  A slave is taught to respectfully address Dom/mes, and although his words are
    tearing right through me, the lessons that were burned into my brain made
  me lower my gaze, and not say a word. He continued on, some insults hitting
  closer to home than others. But then he said something that made me snap my
  head up and pay attention.
&quot;By the way, slave, I know who your Master is, and I have been chatting
  with Him for the past six days. He is quite a Dom, I must say. And according
  to many others, he is well respected. And since I just bought this, I think we
  should give it a try, don't you?&quot; He said mockingly, holding out the box
  containing his new web cam.
  i all but melted into the floor right then and there, my shoulders and spirit
    sinking. i knew what he was up to, and tried to convince him otherwise, but
    even a slave doesn't make much sense with a ring gag in her mouth. He turned
    around, picking up the aluminum cane as he turned.
&quot;Doth my slave protest? Listen, slave, you of all of my things should know
  what protesting or speaking without permission gets.&quot; He snarled as he raised
  his hand.
  i closed my eyes and bowed my head, tensing my entire body, waiting for the
    cane to strike me on the inner thigh, where most of his strikes land.  
i was wrong.  
A searing hot pain spread from one side of my back to the other as
    the cane landed and shot off it again. i didn't even get my breath back when
    he struck me again, this time a long, thin, red welt appearing across my
    lower back. Tears stung my eyes, and i blinked hard and fast trying to clear
    them, but the tears kept coming.  
&quot;Bend over, slave. Get on all fours before I decide to take away the use
of a limb or two.&quot; He barked. 
  i dropped to my hands and knees quickly, hanging my head so he couldn't see
  the tears. i felt and heard him approach and stop just behind me. i even sensed
  it as he raised the cane again, then closed my eyes shut as i heard the hiss
  of the cane as he brought it down fast through the air. It struck with such
  force, that it sent me rolling, my legs and arms buckling under its force.
  my shoulder blades now had a long red line across them, running over them in
  a diagonal direction. i knew another was coming that would match it, and struggled
  to keep from screaming. my entire back felt like it was on fire, and already
  i could feel the muscles and flesh swelling up.  
  The final strike was delivered with enough force to make me cry out in pain,
  my arms buckling again, sending me crashing to the floor. He actually laughed
  at me as i lay there, groaning in pain. 
&quot;Well, slave, aren't you going to thank your Master for teaching you a lesson?&quot; He
asked. 
  i glared at him, and managed to get back to my knees. 
&quot;You're not my Master.&quot; i said, the words coming out like a hissed
whisper than a steady voice. 
  i heard him sigh, and winced as he approached. The cane was still in his hand,
  and flew once again through the air, this time catching my left ribs, knocking
  the wind right out of me. 
&quot;You will learn, that the only Master you will have is me, because I am
the only one who is able to teach you a lesson about obedience.&quot; He snarled
into my ear.  
  i watched as he walked over to his computer and took the next hour hooking
  up the web cam and its software. i remained where i was, fearing another few
  strikes if i dared to move from that spot without being told to move. i watched
  him, then felt sick to my stomach as he entered the chatroom i knew my Master
  would be in. i was even able to see them start a private conversation there,
  and when he turned to smile so wickedly at me, my heart sank. i knew my Master
  had agreed to watch the web cam images. 
  He walked over and whacked me with the cane until i was in a position he felt
  was satisfactory. i was kneeling like my beloved Master had taught me... knees
  spread, my wrists crossed behind my back, my head bowed and eyes lowered. He
  placed his hand on my head, telling me that i did well to kneel like that so
  quickly for him, to which i had to restrain myself to keep from spitting at
  him. 
  He adjusted the lighting, and the angle of the web cam, then smiled. i knew
  right then that my Master had either recognized me, or He had been told who
  was kneeling there. The computer and web cam were state-of-the-art technology,
  so i knew my Master was able to hear everything as well as see it, and that
  whatever my Master typed, the speaker would tell us what He was saying. 
  Just as i thought, my Master, Ethan, recognized me right away. The asshole
  standing in front me, i learned, used Rick as his name. Just as the speaker
  was blaring out threats from Ethan to Rick, Rick raised the cane once again,
  and brought it down across my shoulder blades. i cried out in pain, my vision
  blurring to almost black before returning to just mildly blurry. i called out
  for my Master again and again, sobbing, pleading with Rick to let me go. But
  Rick slapped me hard across the cheek, silencing my pleadings. 
&quot;Shut up, slave! you are no longer HIS! Now then, Ethan, I think I'll show
you how you should have dealt with her from day one. I am not the only one who
thinks she gets away with everything. Others think so too, and they think you've
gone soft. I agree with them. Now if she whines and cries like this, slap her.
She shuts up right away, and isn't in a hurry to open her big mouth again. Now
she's been silent for awhile, and I believe in rewarding that, don't you, Ethan?&quot; He
shouted at the computer. 
  i could hear my beloved Master pleading with Rick to stop, to let me go, threatening
  him if he so much as touched me again. i cringed, knowing this would only make
  it worse for me, and rolled over when Rick ordered me to lay down on my back. 
  Rick roughly spread my legs, and just after he grinned at the web cam, shoved
  four fingers fast and hard into my pussy. i screamed, kicking my legs, trying
  to slide away from him, but one hand held my upper leg firmly in place, his
  fingers pumping deeper and faster in and out of me. He did this for a few more
  minutes, and i was forced to lie there, taking it, knowing my beloved Master
  was watching it, was being forced to endure it with me. Finally, the fingers
  paused deep inside my pussy, and Rick leaned over to me. 
&quot;You had better cum right when I tell you to, slut. You know what happens
when you disobey me.&quot; and his fingers started pumping again. 
  i had been taught, never, ever cum without my Master's permission. Even my
  body refused to do so, even when i tried to. i was terrified, and kept glancing
  back and forth between the ceiling and the computer. 
&quot;Cum right now, you stupid fucking slut!&quot; Rick shouted. 
  i closed my eyes tight, trying my best, but as i knew it would, my body refused.
  i knew there was only one voice in the entire world that my body, mind and
  soul would listen to. i wanted and prayed to hear that voice just then, but
  they went unanswered. Those rough, harsh fingers left me, and grabbed the cane
  once again. The other set of fingers grabbed a flogger, and immediately, the
  flogger started to strike my pussy. i clenched my eyes shut again and bit my
  lip as the strikes only got harder, and came faster each time. i shrieked a
  few times, my pussy glowing red hot, swelling under the force of the strikes.
  Tears stung my eyes again, and i tried to blink them back, to not show Rick
  that he was hurting me, or to show my Master that i was being hurt. i failed
  miserably. 
  The strikes finally stopped, and i was left lying there, trying desperately
  to catch my breath, and deal with the searing pain from my hot, bruised skin.
  Rick turned the speaker off, and i was left to guess what they were saying
  to each other. After awhile, Rick came over and grabbed me by the hair, dragging
  me past the kitchen to the hallway, and then through the door and down the
  flight of stairs to the basement. i knew each stair would eventually give me
  a bruise in that spot, to which i sighed, knowing those would only match the
  bruises i already had. My cheek was swelling up, and i was again terrified,
  knowing Rick hated it when his slaves bruised. He let go of my hair only after
  dragging me down a long corridor and into a small, steel cage. i panicked,
  hating such a small, enclosed space, and he knew it. He added to my hysteria
  by throwing a large, dark blanket over the cage, enclosing me not only in steel,
  but darkness as well. For the first time since my first night here, i cried
  myself to sleep. i wanted my Master... i wanted to hear His voice, to feel
  His gentle touch, to please Him in any way that i possibly could. i wanted
  to be... HOME.   
CHAPTER 2  
HOW did she get in that situation???? 
   
  =======================================================================   
i couldn't wait until the clock struck 11pm. my schoolwork had been
    done, all my exams were finished, and i paced in front of my computer, waiting
    for the clock to tell me my Master was home. He had emailed me earlier during
    the day to tell me He wouldn't be home until then, but as the clock seemed
    to get slower and slower, i jumped into my chair and logged into the chatroom.
    Once there, i looked at who was online. A few of my regular chat buddies
    were there, and greeted my entrance, and i smiled as i saw that RickDom was
    online. i had been chatting with him for a few weeks, as we had a lot in
    common. He seemed really nice, and told me what he looked for in a slave.
    He seemed to be very similar in his ideal type of slave as my own Master;
    although i got the feeling that his methods to get that result were somewhat
    harsher and quicker than the methods my Master used. He felt his subs needed
    constant discipline, and was very much focused on the negative enforcement
    method, rather than an award/discipline system. 
  i knew my Master respected RickDom, simply because RickDom has always displayed
  a high level of respect and openness to other's ideas and opinions since day
  one. RickDom was anxious to hear about different views on a Master/slave relationship,
  and didn't limit himself to wanting that, but Dom/me/sub relationships in general.
  He seemed to show a genuine interest in everyone, but was particularly fond
  of chatting with me. i am always weary of newcomers, but soon found myself
  easily talking to him and sharing ideas and experiences. Little did i know,
  he had the technology to pinpoint my location. 
  It was finally 11pm, and true to form, my beloved Master entered the chatroom
  right on time. i was, as usual, thrilled to see Him, and greeted Him just as
  He likes to be greeted. with plenty of affection, and obedience. 
  RickDom bowed to my Master, and gave us space to be with each other, opting
  to merely observe. At the time, i didn't know RickDom was able to read the
  private chats between me and my Master, or trace both of our locations, or
  whatever other mediums of obtaining information about us.  
  Several hours later, i was fast asleep, dreams of my Beloved filling my sleep,
  the entire house quiet, and my body and mind at complete peace. In the morning,
  i opened my email, and immediately started pouting, as i learned Master would
  be gone today and tomorrow for work. i sighed and sent Him a nice reply, filled
  with words of my love and commitment to Him. That night, RickDom noticed my
  somber mood, and i told him about Master being away. He tried to comfort me,
  but i said i needed to retire for the night, and wouldn't be online the next
  day or night, either, since Master wasn't going to be. 
  The next night, it took me awhile to fall asleep. i needed the goodnight and
  sweet dreams wishes from my Master, as it always helped me sleep. i even started
  hearing weird noises, but quickly found out my cat was going bonkers trying
  to root through the trashcan. i kicked her outside, stupidly forgetting to
  lock the door. i climbed back into the warmth of my bed, and fell asleep. 
  i felt someone near me, and opened my eyes, but just as i opened them, a huge
  gloved hand came crashing down on my mouth, cramming a thick, damp rag over
  my mouth and nose. i tried to scream, but in doing so, inhaled the disgusting
  drug deeply, and in seconds, felt everything go dark, and my body go limp.
  i didn't feel being lifted and carried outside, didn't feel the damp, cold
  air on my skin, didn't feel the intruder dump me into the back of the mini-van,
  and didn't feel the cuffs lock around my wrists and ankles, securing me to
  either side of the van's interior. 
  i woke up in the cell a few hours later, groaning as i felt my arm aching.
  Upon closer inspection, i discover the spot where a needle had obviously penetrated
  my skin. i rolled over, immediately feeling dizzy, and laid back down. A hard,
  deep voice made me jump up, startled. 
&quot;Well, well, a lazy thing you are. Most slaves would have woken up an hour
ago, but your useless, lazy self decided to sleep in, huh? That will bring you
some punishment. My slaves should never sleep in unless they have permission
to do so, slut!&quot; He barked at me through the bars of the cell. 
  i cringed and winced at his harsh words, trying to focus on him. 
&quot;Don't recognize me, huh? I figured as much, useless slaves like you would
never think like that. Too stupid to figure out who or what I am.&quot; 
  i shivered, goosebumps covering every inch of my skin. 
&quot;Who... who are you?&quot; i asked timidly. 
  The whip came snapping out at me, nicking my tender skin along my inner thigh.
  i shrieked, rushing back to the corner of the cot i was sitting on. 
&quot;Rule number one - don't speak unless I give you permission to do so. As
to your question, it's me, Rick. I think you may remember the nickname I use
in that chatroom... RickDom.&quot; He said with a smirk. 
  i suddenly became terrified, trying to figure out how this had happened, or
  if this was all a dream. 
  One week later, and i was curled up in the cage, still wondering if this was
  all a bad dream. Surely he would just let me go. Surely my Master would wonder
  where i was and come for me. Surely this was Rick's sick joke, and would return
  me to be with my Beloved. Surely... so many possibilities... yet i still couldn't
  come up with the one i feared - that i would forever become his slave, to live
  in constant fear and dread, to live knowing i would never again hear my Master's
  voice or feel His gentle touch... to never hear those sweet dreams wishes or
  soft, loving good nights... never again... never... 
  i shook my head, trying to rid my brain of such thoughts. i heard footsteps
  and cringed to very back of my cage. A bowl was slid into the cage. The bowl
  was divided into two sections, which i discovered contained water in one, and
  a soup-type food in the other. 
&quot;Eat now, slave, or learn what happens, yet again, when you disobey me.&quot; came
that harsh, evil voice i had grown to fear and dread... and HATE.   
Where was my Master? i only hoped that He was ok, and was able to deal with
  this. i only hoped that He still loved me, and was trying to find a way to
  rescue me.  
---------------------------------------------------------------  
A mere hundred miles away, my Master was pacing back and forth in
    front of His computer. He was burning with rage, the images of His slave
    being tortured that way flashing through His mind. He kept asking Himself,
    how His slave had gotten into the hands of that asshole, RickDom. Rage and
    hatred had kept Him awake the past four days, as worry and concern for His
    missing slave grew larger and more demanding of His attention. 
  The blinding light of the midnight moon streamed through His window, and He
  found Himself gazing at it, wondering if His slave could see that very moon
  from where she was, and if He could somehow send her His love through that
  moon. He went back to His computer, and looked up RickDom's information, trying
  to determine the asshole's location. He knew Rick wasn't far away, but the
  valleys and cities and towns in the area would prevent Him from finding them.
  Too large an area, with too large a population. All He could rely on, was His
  instincts, to bring Him to His beloved slave. 
  He printed off maps and gathered information about each area. He heard outdoor
  noises, so knew they had to be out of town or city limits, to be able to hear
  the crickets and other wildlife that clearly. He figured it couldn't be near
  anyone close, since His slave's screams had quieted the wildlife. God, He thought,
  her screams still sent painful jolts through His body and seared burns in His
  mind. 
  He had recorded the web cam feed, and went through it again, trying His best
  to endure the agony of watching it closely, looking for any clue. He needed
  sleep, He knew that, but as He collapsed onto His bed, He knew He wouldn't
  fall asleep anytime soon. Instead, He ran mental images through His mind, still
  searching for clues... and jolted upright at one thought, then ran over to
  His computer, almost cheering out loud when the video image confirmed it. In
  a fit of rage and fury, He ran to His car and started the engine. As the engine
  roared to life, He slammed it into first and drove off, headed into the direction
  that He had realized... where His beloved a slave had to be.   
--------------------  
CHAPTER 3  
So many thoughts invaded my mind as i lay there, curled up in that
    horrible, small cage. I curled myself into a tight ball, my knees bending,
    my arms pulling them until they touched my chin. i wanted to see and hear
    my Master so much just then. i was starting to think i never would, after
    which followed wishes to die right then and there, if that was the case.
    my body and mind would never obey Rick... they only knew how to obey one
    Person... and Rick was simply not Him. Not even close. 
  i trembled the entire night, my heart racing, sweat covering me, making me
  shiver and tremble even more. As the first rays of morning peeked through the
  blanket, i held myself into that ball even tighter. When my ears picked up
  the sound of footsteps, the trembling became almost violent. i couldn't stop
  from shaking... i was cold, soaked from sweat, and sore all over... and now,
  every limb and body part was sore and stuff from being so cramped in the cage.
  As the blanket was suddenly lifted from the cage, i threw myself against the
  corner of the cage, shielding my eyes with my hand, my body still trembling. 
  Rick reached in and grabbed my left ankle, dragging me out of the cage into
  the cold, smooth surface of the cement floor. He didn't stop there... dragging
  me down the hall, into another room. Once there, he made me stand up, then
  angrily shoved me against the wall, my already bruised cheek hitting the wall.
  He barked at me to raise my hands... and spread my legs. i did as i was told,
  and the trembling increased as he came near me, securing my wrists over my
  head with iron cuffs, and then yanked hard on the chain that was attached to
  the cuffs. my body was raised until i was on my toes, then he cuffed my ankles
  to the wall. my calves started cramping almost immediately, which seemed to
  make his smile only bigger... wider... even more evil. 
  He picked up a long whip, and i cringed as i spotted the metal spike-looking
  thing at the end. Like a tiny, iron ball with spikes coming out of it. He raised
  the whip, shouting at me with the kind of rage i had never before seen from
  anyone. 
&quot;You little worthless slut!!! Look at you! I was supposed to sell you today,
and I come down to you looking like a fucking mess! You're fucking wet all over,
you horny little pain slut! I guess if you like pain that much, I'll just have
to teach you and show you what pain really is!&quot; 
  i winced... oh god, i thought... He thought my sweat was from excitement!?
  i started trembling again. The first time that whip struck, my scream was so
  powerful, it came out as a gasp. That spikey thing dug into my skin, ripping
  a long line of flesh from my back. Rick was an expert at using it, i could
  tell. 
  The next one, i cried out, begging for mercy, to no avail. He shouted at me,
  calling me some names i didn't even know the meaning of. i clenched my eyes
  shut, wishing for immediate death right then and there, but death was not taking
  me yet. i cried, i yelled, i begged, i was pleading for mercy, for my life...
  to be able to serve him... anything that would make that whip stop tearing
  the skin and flesh away from my back. i could feel the blood oozing out, and
  dripping down my back. A few times, he had caught my ass and upper thighs,
  but those were mere stings... it was the way he lashed the whip along my back
  that was slowly killing me. The spikey thing would dig in, and he would expertly
  guide the whip upwards, downwards, or across, dragging the spike, and my flesh,
  with it.   
i don't remember passing out. i remember screaming, and heard a loud, deep
  bang of a door, but then everything fades to black. The last thing i felt,
  was the sensation of fresh, dark red blood trailing down my back, crossing
  the lines of already dried blood, leaving dark red streaks all over and down
  my back, and the lonely tear that felt similar to the blood, as it rolled down
  my cheek.  
He stood over the lifeless form of Rick, the crowbar in His shaking hand.
  His hard, piercing steel-blue eyes scanned the room, stopping at the lifeless
  form of His beloved. The crowbar dropped out of His hand, and clanked to the
  floor, rolling away. His legs pumped underneath Him as he ran over to her.
  He had the cuffs undone in seconds, and held her, cradling her in His lap,
  His head resting on her forehead. Tears stung His eyes, His heart making a
  very large lump in His throat. He panicked suddenly, and His fingers reached
  down to her neck, searching for a pulse. He held His breath, waiting for the
  signal of life to tell Him she was still alive...  
CHAPTER 4  
He held His breath, His fingers touching the side of her neck, praying
    to every superior being He could think of that He would feel her pulse. Finally,
    the faintest fluttering of her heart reached His fingertips. He exhaled,
    pulling her tight against Him, practically squeezing her inside Him, then
    stood up, gently lifting her in His arms, and made His way upstairs and outside
    to His car. He gently laid her down across the back seat, and pulled a blanket
    over her. He made sure to lay her on her stomach, as the blood was still
    oozing on her back. His hands shook with rage and worry. He opened the driver
    door, and paused, glaring towards the house with intense hatred and rage.
    He hesitated, debating about going back in there to pummel Rick even more,
    but decided against it... He wanted Rick's body to rot away in that house.
    He lowered Himself into the car and sped away, trying to drive fast to get
    home quickly, but had to drive carefully to avoid tossing around the precious
    cargo He had in the backseat. 
  He pulled up to His house and got out, then took a deep breath before carrying
  her into the house. Once inside, He kicked the door closed and carried her
  upstairs into the bedroom. He lowered her ever-so-gently to the bed, being
  so careful to lay her on her tummy. He flicked the bright ceiling fan lights
  on, and dragged a chair over to the side of the bed. He ran downstairs and
  grabbed something medical supplies His parents had left there for Him and brought
  them to the chair. He sat down on the chair and put His elbows on the edge
  of the bed, resting His head in His hands, shaking His head back and forth
  in disbelief of the wounds she had received. 
  He didn't even know where to begin, there were so many. He grabbed some cotton
  swabs and started dabbing at the blood, trying to do His best to clean off
  the dried blood from her back and clean out the wounds that were still open.
  She moaned slightly, shifting her position, so He stopped until she settled
  down again. They had not yet met in person, having talked for hours and hours
  on the phone and in the chatroom. She had a web cam, so He had been able to
  see her before, and she was always able to watch Him work, but this was the
  first physical contact. 
  He grabbed the bottle and sighed sadly. This would hurt like hell, but it would
  get rid of the infection He knew would come if her cuts weren't closed up and
  treated. Some of them, He saw, needed stitches. He glanced at the box of medications,
  and grabbed a few more bottles. 
  He froze the areas that needed stitches, and got to work. A few times, she
  moaned, sometimes she mumbled things He couldn't make out, but each time, a
  soothing &quot;Hushhhhhh&quot; from His lips would calm her. 
  He sat back, having finished tending to the wounds on her back. He would have
  to look over the rest of her body the next morning, especially the ribs He
  knew the cane had bruised, and to make sure she didn't have any serious injuries.
  He grabbed a blanket and spread it out on the floor beside the bed, then laid
  down on it, keeping Himself close in case she woke up.   
*************************************************************  
i clutched my head. ohhhhhhh, i groaned silently... every part of
    my body hurt like hell. i lifted my head, blinking, trying to clear my vision.
    Everything was seen through double vision still, but it was enough to inform
    me that i was laying face down on a very comfortable bed. i blinked again,
    having no idea where i was, then suddenly, someone in the room moved. 
  i shot out of that bed, forgetting about the pain, panicking, rushing to the
  door, not being able to find it, tripping over something on the floor, the
  room spinning and tilting, my eyes betraying me and my escape attempt. He stood
  up quickly, and i started searching for something, anything to hit him with.
  i yelled at Rick to get away, but my vision was causing me to lose my balance...
  and soon i was falling... falling...   
*GASP!!!* i jumped. my heart was pounding, sweat covered me, and the second
  i moved, i groaned loudly, crying out in pain. i bit down on the blanket to
  keep from screaming, not noticing the movement beside my legs.  
&quot;Shhhhh... it's ok, My love&quot;. came His voice.  
i froze. Was i finally insane? Was i hearing Him, even in this horrid place?
  i rolled onto my side very slowly; my back feeling like it was on fire. As
  He came into view, my jaw dropped.  
&quot;Master?&quot; was all i could manage to whisper.  
&quot;Sshhhhh... yes, My love.&quot; He whispered back, shuffling over to
  me, His hand touching my cheek softly.  
i felt so confused and disoriented... but that voice... was magical... able
  to calm me down, soothe the pain and relax the muscles... that voice...  
i ignored the wounds that screamed at me as i sat up, and crawled across
  the bed to where He crouching on the floor, and threw my arms around His neck.
  His hands gripped my sides gently, and i knew He wanted to hold me tight, but
  was unable to due to the condition my back was in. i kissed Him, whispering
  my love for Him and gratitude, and eventually i became a babbling slave that
  no one would be able to understand. He chuckled, kissing me back, then carefully
  removed the heavy, stiff leather collar from my neck, and leaned down, His
  lips softly kissing my neck.  
i arched back, tilting my head back as His lips touched down on my
    soft neck, kissing it all over. Tears flowed down my cheeks, and when He
    first saw them, frowned, worried, but saw me smile. He smiled, and kissed
    my tears away. He slowly leaned back, laying down on the bed, and patted
    the spot next to Him. i smiled, unable to form words, and crawled over to
    Him, lying down gently on my side, my back to Him. One arm snaked around
    my waist, pulling me closer to Him, as i rested my head on His other arm.
    He kissed my shoulder, whispering, &quot;Sshhhhh... everything is fine, My
    love. Sleep, I'm right here, and I'll hold You all night. I told You, when
    you got the chance to come home, that I'd hold You all night.&quot;  
  i nodded, chocking back tears, somehow managing to whisper, &quot;Yes, Master,
  i remember&quot;   
He smiled and leaned over, whispering into my ear, &quot;Let me hold you
  forever.&quot;  
 
  *************************************   
THE END  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  crimson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





