BDSM Library - African Safari




African Safari
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Wife gets out of control on a vacation to Africa. She's well fucked from day one by bar partons, the hotel staff, military troops and the entire Safari Base Camp staff.Africa Safari
My wife Vicki and I arrived in Uppington South Africa the day before our
  Safari was supposed to start. After checking into our hotel and getting our
  luggage sent up to our room Vicki fell to her knees in front of me and proceeded
  to give me a blow job. I was surprised by her boldness and quickly came in
  her mouth as she cupped my balls in her fingers and swallowed every drop of
  my jism. I started to reach for her breasts but she got up and said "Save it
  for later I'm hungry for some real food". So we head out to explore the city
  and have some dinner. We found a neighborhood restaurant and decided to have
  a drink at the bar before ordering dinner. 
The bartender never raised his eyes from the Vicki's chest as he took our
  order and as he turned to make our drinks Vicki looked at me and rolled her
  eyes.  
"Men are no different anywhere are they?" she asked me.  
"Nope" I said as I watched her nipples harden. "Did you think they would
  be?"  
"I guess not." She replied as she looked down at her t-shirt clinging to
  her chest.  
As the bartender brought our drinks I watched him nearly spill them because,
  again, he didn't take his eyes off of Vicki's tits. I admit they are a lovely
  pair, 38 D, large dark nipples that seemed to me to be getting harder by the
  moment. I drew my gaze away from her breasts and noticed that Vicki was staring
  back at the bartenders only her focus was on the noticeably bulge in his pants.  
"Whew, he's got a big one" she whispered when he got out of earshot.  
"You know what they say about blacks, hell it's probably a foot long" I said
  which made her giggle.  
"Those customs agents that checked our luggage at the airport had erections
  too" she told me. "I was so embarrassed when they went through my panties,
  but it made me hot when they passed my red silk ones around. Like they'd never
  send panties before." She continued.  
"Is that why I got the blow job?. Because a couple of guys handled you panties
  going through customs?" I asked.  
"It wasn't a couple, four of them fondled them, they kept calling more over
  to have a look. I was expecting one of them to sniff them." She laughed.  
"Four black men looking through your undies excites you?" I asked. "It's
  a wonder they didn't strip search you to see how well you fill them out" I
  told her before she could answer.  
She squirmed in her seat for a minute, looked back at the bartender, whose
  erection was not getting any smaller and was noticeable from 10 feet away before
  she breathlessly said "I wish they would have."  
I laughed and motioned for the bartender to bring us two more drinks.  
"Two more of the same?" he asked, his eyes locked on Vicki's chest.  
"Make them doubles" I said. As he turned I reached over and tweaked one of
  Vicki's nipples. This made her jump since she didn't see it coming because
  her eyes had been locked on the bartenders enormous hard-on.  
"Stop that." she whispered as she tried to slap my hand away but she missed
  and knocked over her glass. The bartender spun around just as the glass toppled
  to the floor and broke. He saw my hand on her tit and for the first time looked
  at me and smiled. He swept up the broken glass and then busied himself making
  our drinks.  
"Don't embarrass me like that." She said, then whispered "Unless you want
  me to blow you again right here."  
I said nothing as I reached over and cupped her ample breast and squeezed.
  Vicki moaned and closed her eyes as I massaged her tit through her shirt. "I'd
  love another blow job" I said.  
"Your drinks" the bartender announced.  
I hadn't noticed him approaching and since Vicki had her eyes closed neither
  did she. As she opened her eyes he was standing right in front of us, She again
  tried to brush my hand away and again she missed.  
The bartender laughed and said "Please don't break any more glasses or we'll
  have to cut you off."  
Vicki and I both laughed and as she was slapping at my hand still clutching
  her tit she said "I'll try to control myself if my husband will."  
She wasn't pulling away and the taps she was applying to my hand seemed more
  like encouragement to me so I slid my hand down and came up under her shirt
  and gave her bare tit a firm squeeze. Vicki moaned and leaned back in her chair
  and let me have my way with her right in front of the bartender. His eyes grew
  larger as I reached over to pull her shirt up. Just then the door opened and
  I quickly pulled my hand away. The bartender again smiled at me the turned
  to greet the people coming in.  
"God honey, you were going to show that man my breasts&hellip;.right here
  in public" she said.  
"I know" I said, the realization of my actions sinking in. "I wonder what
  they put in these things as I looked at my glass?"  
"I don't know" Vicki said as she downed her double in one shot. "But it sure
  is good." She giggled.  
I looked down the bar at the six black men that had just come in. The bartender
  was talking to them and in almost one motion all seven of them looked at Vicki
  and eyed her lovely body. From this side of the bar the six men could see her
  long legs covered only by a pair of shorts that were probably a little too
  short. One of them said something, I couldn't hear and they all laughed. The
  bartender continued talking to them and brought his hand up to his chest and
  rubbed as he turned and looked straight at us. Again nearly in unison all of
  them turned and silently stared at Vicki.  
"Great" Vicki turned to me and said. "He just told those guys you were feeling
  me up"  
"Does that make your pussy wet?" I asked.  
Vicki looked at me in disbelief and took a long time to answer as she said "What
  do you think?"  
I again motioned to the bartender and ordered another round. As he turned
  to leave I added" and give those gentlemen that just came in a round too.  
"Yes sir" he said as he left to make the drinks.  
"Are you crazy?" Vicki asked. "Don't encourage them, are you trying to get
  me raped?"  
"Can't rape the willing" I said as I again reached over and tweaked her nipple. "Are
  you wet?" I asked again.  
She turned towards me trying to keep the six men at the end of the bar from
  watching me tug her nipple she whispered "I'm drenched, now stop that" as she
  pulled my hand away.  
As the bartender returned he gave us our drinks and suggested we have a seat
  in one of the booths "For a little more privacy."  
Without waiting for Vicki's reply I took her by the hand and headed for a
  booth. I patted her soft ass as we crossed the room knowing all eyes were on
  us. Before we were completely settled in the booth I had my hand under her
  shirt. She leaned forward and passionately said "Take me back to the hotel
  and FUCK ME" as she planted a very wet kiss on my lips.  
"Not till after dinner" I told her as I took her hand and guided it to my
  engorged cock throbing in my pants.  
"All I want for dinner now is cock" she said, closing her eyes as she squeezed
  my hard-on while I massaged her tit. She repeated "All I want for dinner now
  is cock"  
I reached over with my free hand and in one motion pulled her t-shirt up
  and over her tits. This caught her off guard and if she wouldn't have looked
  up and frozen in her tracks she would have pulled it back down. What she saw
  at the end of our booth were the six men from the bar silently standing there
  watching us.  
Here she sat, mostly drunk, in a bar in Africa looking at six hulking black
  men who in turn were staring at her bare tits, exposed by her apparently drunk
  husband busy pulling and pinching her nipples.  
"Honey" she nervously said as she pulled my hand away and motioned to the
  six men. "Stop it" as she tried to pull her shirt down over my busy hands.  
"Don't mind us, were willing to wait our turn. One of them said as he rubbed
  his crotch.  
Vicki didn't resist as I turned back to her and after kissing her pulled
  her shirt up and over her head leaving her topless.  
Four of the men picked up the table and moved it away from the booth leaving
  us sitting there on a U shaped couch, Vicki half naked, as six black strangers
  closed in on her. The man that sat down next to her lowered his head to her
  nipple. Vicki let out a moan and leaned her head back against the back of the
  couch.  
I fumbled with the top button of her shorts as another of the men reached
  out and squeezed her exposed nipple. Two more hands appeared and quickly helped
  me unbutton her shorts. With a quick tug they were around her ankles exposing
  her lacy panties clearly wet and clinging tightly to her pussy.  
Vicki raised her hips as one of the men slid her panties down her lovely
  legs to the floor. There was silence in the room as the six black, and me too,
  stared at her naked shaved pussy, swollen almost beyond belief, and very clearly
  very wet.  
I sunk two fingers into her cunt as she arched her back to maximize penetration.
  Two men took her legs and spread them wide apart. I slid my two fingers from
  her pussy and slid three of them into her. She moaned loudly as one of the
  me slid a finger into her along with mine stretching her pussy lips to the
  extreme.  
I stood up, pulled my zipper down and pulled out my raging hard-on. I went
  to my knees in front of her and plunged my cock into her pussy. I pumped with
  abandon into her burying my cock into her cunt over and over. I came in minutes,
  delayed thankfully by the blow job she had given me earlier.  
Finally two of the others pulled me out of the way and a the first of many
  black men each with a raging hard on too fuck a white woman took my position
  between her legs and began fucking his with all his might. He lasted less than
  a minute and sulked away as his friends laughed at him.  
It took only seconds before the next black men stepped up and said "Turn
  her over".  
The two men holding her got her up and bent her over the back of the couch
  instantly he was behind her and lined his cock up with her pussy. Just before
  he impaled her I got a look at his cock, it was massive. Not really any longer
  than mine but very big around, huge actually. If Vicki wasn't so wet already
  and soaked with the cum I had just dumped in her cunt this guy probably would
  have ripped her pussy. He lined himself up and buried his cock into her in
  one thrust. Vicki's eyes flew open and she let out a shriek.  
 "It's too big!" Take it OUT!!!!" she cried.  
He laughed, they all laughed, that is as they gripped her tighter while this
  raging hulk of a man slammed his cockmeat into her over and over.  
I started to reach for the man to try to pull him off but one of his friends
  stopped me and said "That wouldn't be a good idea"  
He continued to pump his cock in and out ramming his hips forward and back
  seemly harder each time. He suddenly stopped and clenched his buttocks as he
  ejaculated into her raw ravaged pussy. He leaned his head back and let out
  a howl as he sprayed his sperm into her again and again. When he pulled his
  limp cock our of her cunt a stream of cum ran out and dribbled down her thigh.
  He looked down at her red swollen cunt as his cock throbbed causing more cum
  to leak down her leg. He brought his hand up and spanked her upturned naked
  ass with his massive hand and then plunged his thumb all the way up her butt.  
"I can't wait to fuck her ass too" he said as he rapidly pumped his thumb
  in and out of her asshole.  
 "Noooo&hellip;.." Vicki wailed, or started to since one of the men holding
  her arms took this opportunity to slide his cock into her mouth.  
All of us watched as Vicki took a rather large cock in her mouth as her asshole
  was ravaged, first with one of his fingers. then two, then three fingers he
  rammed into her ass.  
Another of the men, the one who had been busy sucking on her nipples said "I'm
  next, set her on top of me."  
The two men holding her legs open helped her to her feet, she was wobbly
  from the sex she had already been given and now she was in for it again. They
  began lowering her down onto the massive hard on that was twitching below her.
  Again I took note of how big these guys cocks were. Very big is the best description
  I can give, hell they looked more like wine bottles than cocks. Vicki too could
  see it coming and she tried to pull away but the two men at her side were determined
  and finally with their forceful encouragement she slid down on top of the waiting
  cock taking the entire thing in one thrust. As the man humped under her the
  men were busy squeezing her tits and feeling her upturned ass.  
Here pussy was stretched almost unbelievably by the enormous cock plunging
  in and out of her, She gasped with every thrust that is until one of the men
  positioned himself in front of her and pushed his cock into her mouth. The
  others continued pulling, pinching and rubbing her naked white flesh. One of
  the men apparently inspired by the first man finger fucking her ass proceeded
  to push one of his fingers into her butt. Vicki stiffened at this anal invasion
  but there was little she could do since she was held firmly down on a massive
  cock by two large men while another pumped his cock into her gaping mouth.
  The man fingering her ass apparently wasn't happy with just fingering her as
  he reached for his zipper and unleashed his cock. Not quite as big around as
  the others but much longer, 10 inches, maybe 12. He lowered himself and lined
  up. Vicki felt it coming and managed to spit the cock out of her mouth before
  she ended up biting it off.  
 "No&hellip;.please no&hellip;..your too big&hellip;not in my ass pleazzzzzzz&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;argggggggg" she
  cried as them man began pushing inch after inch after inch up her tight asshole.
  The sight was unbelievable. You could barely see Vicki sandwiched between these
  massive black men. She continued to cry out to stop but that just seemed to
  inspire the men ravaging her pussy and ass.  
The man fucking her butt slapped her ass cheek pretty hard and said "Sushhh
  little missy while I fuck your butt good". Slowly he pulled back, more and
  more of his cock slid out of her butt, it seemed even longer now than when
  he crammed it into her. He slid forward and Vicki remained frozen in place
  as a foot of black cockmeat slid up her ass. Slowly he worked his cock in and
  out, over and over he pushed into her bowels. Slowly he picked up the pace
  as Vicki's ass adjusted to the invasion. With a moan she leaned forward and
  kissed the black cock dangling in front of her face. The man caressed her cheek
  as he slid his cock into her waiting mouth.  
I reached in my pocket and pulled out my digital camera and started snapping
  pictures. I felt a tap on my shoulder and as I turned I saw the bartender standing
  there offering me a drink.  
"I hope you don't mind but I called some of my friends and my cousins". Before
  I could answer him I heard the door open and watched as at three more men entered
  the bar followed closely by two more.  
"It's going to be a long night isn't it?" I asked the bartender.  
He just smiled and nodded.  
We finally got out of the bar at 7 am and only then because the men had to
  go to work or lose their jobs. Some of them I think thought twice and figured
  it would be worth it to fuck Vicki one or two more times.  
The crowed had thinned out by 4am to 10 men, not counting me and the bartender.
  By that time I estimate Vicki was penetrated over a fifty times in either her
  mouth, pussy or ass by about 25 men. Man that bartender had a lot of cousins.
  Those last ten guys had real staying power as at least one of them was pumping
  his cock into Vicki until the last of them dashed out the door obviously late
  for work.  
I got Vicki to her feet. She was totally nude and had cum all over her. Her
  clothes were nowhere to be found, they probably were somebody's souvenir. I
  took off my shirt and managed to get her arms into it without much help from
  her. She was pretty drunk since the bartender had continued to feed her his
  wicked concoction of a drink, that is when he wasn't feeding her his cock.  
"How do I look?" she asked.  
I looked her over, cum matted hair, cum stained legs, the naked cheeks of
  her ass peeking out from under my shirt she was wearing.  
"Great!" I lied. Being married so long I knew exactly what to say.  
Vicki had been married long enough to know what I really meant.  
"Great? Here's great" she said as she pealed my shirt off and was naked again.  
"That is better" I told her, and it was true. Cum drenched as she was her
  body was killer.  
"OK then." She said as she spun around and marched out the door naked as
  a jaybird into the street. She was half way across the street, which luckily
  was deserted, by the time I got to the door and was in the lobby of our hotel
  before I caught up with her.  
"Where is my room" she asked loudly and then let out a giggle.  
The only people in the lobby were the rather shocked Bellman and the Night
  Manager. Both just a little taken aback by the nude white woman, covered with
  cum shouting in their lobby.  
Vicki wobbled a little then started to pass out. I caught her before she
  hit the floor and the bellman rushed over to help me. Each of us slung one
  of her arms over our shoulders and headed for our room.  
"104" I said as the bellman nodded.  
The Night Manager led the way saying he would open the door for us.  
We got to the room and I suggested we take her directly to the shower. Both
  of the men nodded their agreement as they stared in disbelief at my nude wife.  
"Perhaps we'll need some extra towels" I said and the Bellman was gone in
  a flash to retrieve them. The Night Manager turned on the water and helped
  me guide Vicki towards the shower. I stepped in with her getting drenched but
  Vicki still was having trouble supporting herself. I looked at the Manager
  and then at the soap and then at Vicki.  
"You better soap her up because I don't want to let her go quite yes" I told
  him.  
"He slowly picked up the soap and after I told him to go ahead he began lathering
  her up. He started with her hair and face then her shoulders and finally he
  began soaping up her tits. This did the trick. Vicki snapped to and no longer
  needed my support. She braced herself with her hands against the wall allowing
  full access to the managers soapy caress.  
Just then the Bellman returned with an armful of towels. I brought someone
  from housekeeping with me in case we need anything else. I looked up as a big
  hulking black man nearly seven feet tall stepped into the room.  
"Good morning sir" he said. "Do you require anything else?"  
Not know but stay close in case she slips or falls.  
"Yes sir" he said. Though I was sure he was staying even if I told him to
  leave. Hell I would have.  
We turned to join the Bellman in watching the Night Manager rubbing soap
  on Vicki's back. Lower and lower he went until finally the bar of soap was
  on her ass. Vicki pushed her ass out and spread her legs apart. The Manager
  rubbed the soap up and down the crack of her ass which caused Vicki to moan
  and push back a little bit more. He quickly pushed the soap between her legs
  and brought his hand into contact with Vicki's shaved pussy.  
Vicki arched her back and moaned loudly as her body shook with an orgasm.
  The four of us watching here were mesmerized by her quivering body as the water
  of the shower splashed off of her. The manager quickly returned to his soaping
  duties and washed each of her long legs with long caresses up and down her
  thighs.  
Vicki straightened up and rinsed herself off. We all watched as she rubbed
  her breasts and lowered her hands to her pussy. As she felt her swollen pussy
  lips she look down, staring at her own pussy in seeming disbelief.  
"Wow is my pussy swollen, and my ass sure is sore." She said as she turned
  and came face to face with the four of us staring at her wet naked body. She
  acted surprised, like she wasn't aware of us helping her get into the shower.  
She looked at each of us and without saying word stepped out of the shower
  walked into the bedroom and climbed into bed.  
I looked at the three men who in turn looked at me and then we all looked
  at Vicki lying naked on her back.  
"Well thank you all for your assistance. I think we'll be alright now". The
  night manager nodded and said that the man from house keeping should stay and
  clean up the bath. Reluctantly the Night Manager and Bellman left and I showed
  them to the door. When I turned around I saw that the housekeeping man had
  taken a wrong turn because instead of cleaning the bathroom he was on the bed
  his pants around his ankles preparing to thrust his black cockmeat into Vicki's
  freshly washed pussy.  
Before I could say anything he was in her. Vicki cried out but then arched
  her back encouraging the hulk to fuck her harder. Which he must have thought
  was a good idea because he fucked her very hard for nearly twenty minutes before
  he ejaculated into her red, raw, swollen pussy.  
With the help of the housekeeper we managed to get her showered again and
  he took great joy in lathering up Vicki big titties and touching her shaved
  pussy. After getting her back in bed he finally decided to clean the bathroom
  and bring in more towels. Good thing since we were going to need them.  
After the man from housekeeping finished cleaning the shower and bathroom
  and restocked us with fresh towels he took a seat on the couch. From there
  he could watch Vicki as she slept nude, splayed out on the bed.  
A couple of minutes after 8 there was a knock at the door. I answered it
  and found the Night Manager and Bellman standing there.  
"We just got off shift and decided to come by to see if you needed any more
  assistance" the manager said as he walked past me and entered the room the
  bellman right behind him.  
Before I could tell him that we were doing "OK" he and the bellman were standing
  next to the man from housekeeping gazing at Vicki sleeping peacefully on the
  bed. Her legs were parted and her still swollen pussy was the focus of their
  stares. The manager went over to the bed and covered Vicki with a sheet, taking
  care to tuck it in around her exposed tits. I followed him over to the bed
  as Vicki kicked the sheet off revealing her nakedness to the intent stares
  of the three black men.  
"It's fucking hot in here?" Vicki said as I noticed the bellman rubbing his
  crotch.  
As Vicki woke up and began to come to her senses she stared back at the four
  of us then looked down at her naked body and touched her pussy with her hands
  attempting to cover herself. Her touch must have aroused herself as her next
  move was to spread her legs apart and pull her knees up to her shoulders spreading
  and exposing her still moist inner pussy lips. She ran her fingers up and down
  her slit and slid her index finger into her cunt letting out a low moan.  
All eyes were glued to Vicki's bare pussy and asshole and her little show.
  The Bellman looked at me, I shrugged and nodded my head which was the only
  encouragement he needed. He pulled his zipper down and was on top of her in
  a flash.  
Now that we were back in the room I was able to get to my camcorder so I
  got it out and filmed the black man as he fucked my wife's hot little pussy.
  There was silence in the room except for Vicki's moans as the bellmen rode
  her hard. With a grunt and final thrust he ejaculated into her swollen cunt.
  He quickly pulled out an stood up next to the bed his massive cock still dripping
  cum. Vicki reached over and with two fingers wiped the sperm dangling from
  his cock onto her fingertips causing him to spasm and fill her palm with another
  shot of his cum.  
"Yum&hellip;" Vicki said as she brought her fingers to her mouth and licked
  the cum off her hand.  
The night manager was next. I hadn't noticed him removing his clothes but
  he was buck naked, his hard-on dancing in front of him. He walked up next to
  the bed and offered his cock to her. Vicki turned on her side and took his
  cock into her mouth. The manager grasped her head and pumped furiously into
  her wanton mouth. Within seconds he blew a huge wad of cum into her mouth.
  As he continued to plunge his cock into her face his cum dribbled out of her
  mouth and ran down her chin.  
The manager pushed Vicki back and in a quick cat like motion mounted her
  waiting pussy. After a couple of pumps he paused and pulled his cock out of
  her cunt and lined it up with her already ravaged asshole. In one thrust he
  was all the way in her ass. Vicki gasped then reached out and grabbed her ankles
  spreading her legs further apart allowing the manager complete access to her
  butt. Since he had just cum he lasted nearly fifteen minutes sawing back and
  forth into her brutalized asshole. Finally he dumped a load of cum in her butt
  and when he pulled his cock out Vicki let out a loud fart sound making her
  giggle as cum dribbled out of her gaping ass and down her crack.  
"I want a blow-job" the housekeeper said rather than asked as he lowered
  his zipper and walked up next to the bed. Vicki again rolled on her side and
  took his manhood into her mouth. He was a little rough and holding the back
  of her head forced nearly all of his massive hard-on into her mouth and down
  her throat. Vicki kicked her feet in the air as she tried to get her breath.  
He calmed down a little when the Night Manager told him to be a little more
  gentle but he did not slow his pace, he just didn't go so deep. Vicki quickly
  recovered and reached out to cup the large black balls slapping against her
  chin. Her touch brought the man to a near instant orgasm and he came buckets,
  his semen bubbling past Vicki's lips as he continued to hump into her mouth.
  His cum formed a large puddle on the bed and Vicki too her free hand and rubbed
  his jism on her breasts.  
I told the men they should go because we needed to get a little sleep before
  we left later that afternoon on our Safari. They reluctantly left gazing longingly
  back at Vicki who was already asleep, flat on her back as cum dripping from
  her pussy, ass and mouth. As they walked out the door I asked the manager for
  a 1pm wake up call.  
"Yes sir" he answered as I closed and locked the door behind him.  
I climbed in bed next to Vicki and massaged her breasts with my finger tips
  she moaned and grasped a firm hold on my cock as we drifted off to sleep.  
I woke to a knock at the door. The clock said 10am. I grumbled that I thought
  I had asked for a 1pm wake up call.  
"Jeeze, you'd think after getting to fuck my wife's ass and cum in her mouth
  he get things done right" I muttered as I headed for the door.  
I pulled the door open and was about to bitch the person out for waking me
  up.  
"Housekeeping" the lovely young black girl said as she walked past me into
  the room with an armful of towels.  
She froze in her tracks when she saw Vicki lying naked in bed. I walked up
  next to her and also looked Vicki over. Her legs were parted and from the red
  color of her pussy lips you could tell she had been well fucked. There were
  red marks on her legs that looked like they might end up as bruises when the
  men that had gangfucked her had gripped her just a little too tightly. Her
  breasts too were red and swollen and there were noticeable teeth marks around
  her nipples. Globs of dried cum was on her legs and face and cunm stains were
  all over the bed.  
"Did you do this to her sir?" the maid asked as her gaze moved from my eyes
  to my crotch. "You must be one hell of a lover" she continued with a giggle.  
"With a little help from my friends" I said as I smiled back at her.  
She returned her eyes to Vicki and said "She is very beautiful, you should
  treat her with a little more tenderness."  
"You means like a woman's tough" I asked as I eyed her young supple body
  and arched my eyebrows as she looked into my eyes.  
"Perhaps, something like that, well I don't know" she stammered.  
"Would you teach me how?" I asked as I reached out to touch her cheek.  
She closed her eyes as I drew her to me and kissed her.  
She looked at me for a moment before she said "I can try."  
In a flash the made stripped off her clothes and climbed on the bed between
  my wifes legs. She drew her legs up and kissed Vicki's blazing red pussy. Vicki
  moaned and rolled her head from side to side as the maid went to work on her
  shaved cunt. The maid ran her hands up Vicki's long legs and slid her fingers
  across the hairless lips of my wifes pussy. She slid one finger into Vicki's
  snatch, then two then three the four.  
The maid turned her head towards me and said "Her pussy is very loose and
  wet maybe I'll have to use both hands to bring her comfort".  
I nodded my agreement and the maid looked down at Vicki's pussy as she slid
  her entire hand into her gaping cunt. This got Vicki's attention as her eyes
  flew open and looked down to see who was assaulting her mass raped pussy. She
  was surprised when she saw that there was a woman between her legs with her
  hand buried in between her legs.  
"Great, not the women too" Vicki said as she laid her head back as the maid
  lowered her lips to her engorged clit.  
"Ahhhh&hellip;"Vicki moaned as she squirmed on the bed trying to either escape
  the pleasure being inflicted on her or to maximize it. "Fuck me" she moaned "Fuck
  me" she repeated as she began to quiver as another orgasm spread over her body. "Fuck
  me hard" she said one more time.  
The maid looked at me, shrugged and said "Sometimes the soft touch can only
  go so far."  
I nodded my agreement and said "Well then you better do as she asks and fuck
  her hard".  
"Yes sir" she said as she smiled wickedly looking back at her arm buried
  in Vicki's pussy. She drew her hand back and out of her pussy and formed a
  fist. She pushed forward with all her might and plunged her arm nearly to the
  elbow in my wife's formerly tight little pussy. Vicki let out a gasp and looked
  like she was trying to say something but nothing same out of her mouth. The
  maid began pumping her fist in and out of Vicki's pussy plunging it back in
  with all her might.  
Vicki finally managed to say "Nooooo&hellip;.please&hellip; my poor pussy&hellip;.oow&hellip;oow..oow" as
  the maid pumped faster and faster. She pulled her arm out very quickly and
  clamped her teeth on Vicki's clit again and Vicki exploded into another orgasm
  bucking her hips wildly as the black girl ground her face into her crotch.  
Vicki collapsed back on the bed. The maid was breathless as she climed up
  Vicki's body kissing her belly and nipples along the way. She brought her crotch
  directly over Vicki's face and began grinding her hips back and forth. Vicki
  just laid there for a moment then I saw her tongue flick out and penetrate
  the black girls pussy.  
"Ummmm&hellip;" the maid moaned as she threw her head back and ground down
  even harder onto Vicki's tongue. Vicki reached up and timidly felt the maids
  tits then she firmly grasp them and finally gripped with all her might pulling
  and squeezing. The maid let out a long low moan as she leaned forward and orgasmed
  against my wife's licking tongue. The maid fell over on the bed and reached
  between her own legs rubbing her own pussy as she looked at me and said "Do
  you see something you like sir?"  
I nodded as I slipped off my pants and mounted the maids waiting pussy. Vicki
  rolled on her side and watched mesemerized as my cock slid in and out of the
  maids pussy. When Vicki reached around and massaged my nuts I blew my load
  deep into the maids bucking pussy. "Ummmm&hellip;" the maid moaned again as
  Vicki's hand slid off my balls and touched the maids furry pussy. She continued
  her caress down the crack of the maids ass and when she toughed her anus the
  maid had her second orgasm.  
I rolled of the maid and drifted back to sleep not noticing that the maid
  was about to go down on my wife again.  
Knock Knock KNOCK KNOCK. I finally woke up to what sounded like someone trying
  to beat the door down. I looked at the clock and it was 1:05pm. I staggered
  to the door and asked who was there.  
"The manager sir" he said. As I opened the door I saw there were three rather
  large black me standing at the door. "We came to wake you up but the bellman
  couldn't get a response so I brought security with me to see if everything
  was all right" he said as he arched his eyebrows and gave me a knowingly look.  
"Just need to look around the security man said as he brushed past me and
  headed straight for the bedroom. We all followed and I was surprised when I
  saw that the bed was empty. I heard the shower start running and relaxed because
  I thought for a moment that Vicki had run off with the maid while I slept.
  I wondered if the maid was in the shower with her but as the maid entered the
  room with another armful of towels I breathed a sigh of relief just as the
  three black men looking at the empty rumpled and stained bed realized that
  they were not going to be getting any pussy now that the maid was here.  
I escorted the men to the door and thanked them for waking us up since our
  safari left at 3 and we needed to get packed up.  
As I closed the door the manager turned, arching his eyebrows again as he
  said "I will verify you reservation with us after you safari to make sure everything
  is in order".  
After he said this the Bellman and security man smiled at each other and
  walked away.  
After I closed the door and turned around I was face to face with the maid.
  As she grasped my cock she said "I'll check your reservation too". She then
  walked past me and left the room.  
I stood there thinking to myself that this had certainly turned out to be
  a strange trip and we hadn't even really gotten started yet.  
I went into the bath room just as Vicki stepped out of the shower.  
She looked at me and shook her head looking down at her bruised tits and
  swollen pussy. "Wow" she said "I sure am sore, especially my butt. I don't
  remember too much but it seems I remember being screwed at that bar we went
  to."  
"Screwed is an understatement" I told her. "You got gangfucked by about 30
  guys last night and this morning. You don't remember?" I asked her.  
She just stood there staring at me and mouthed the words "Thirty?"  
"Plus the maid:" I said "You probably got fucked about 50 or 60 times and
  then I thought the maid was going to chew you clit off. You really don't remember?"  
"Some but not much after that group of guys came into the bar and the bartender
  told them you were feeling me up. Did they fuck me?" she asked.  
"For starters. The bartender called his cousins and the streamed into the
  bar all night long If they didn't have to go to work they would probably still
  be working you over." I told her.  
"Hell honey I can hardly walk my pussy is so sore and my nipples are very
  tender. When do we leave for the safari?" she asked.  
"We meet in courtyard across the street at 3." I said as I started packing
  our stuff. "Better get limbered up for the trip. By the way I took pictures
  and video of your gangbang, want to see them?" I asked her.  
"Later, I'm going to rub some lotion on myself and lay down for another hour,
  Pleeeze don't let anybody else fuck me while I rest" she said sarcastically.  
"Can't promise anything" I mumbled as Vicki climbed back in bed but I thought
  if anyone knocked at the door I'd let them in to fuck her while I held her
  down. I felt my cock getting hard and busied myself packing because if you
  want to know the truth, my dick hurt from fucking Vicki so many times in the
  last 24 hours. Then there was the maid too I thought which brought a smile
  to my face. When we get done with the safari and are back here at the hotel
  I want that hot little maid to sit on Vicki's face while she's stone cold sober
  to see how she reacts.  
I let Vicki sleep an extra half hour before I woke her. In the mean time
  I had packed the bags and had the bellman come and take them down to the lobby.
  The bellman wanted to come in the room but I greeted him at the door and immediately
  handed him the bags as soon as I opened it.  
She got up and looked at the clothes I had left out for her to wear. A pair
  of red shorts a knit shirt and socks. I had forgotten to pull out a bra and
  panties and since the ones she was wearing were probably hanging over the bar
  we were in last night.  
"I'm going on a safari with a bra and panties?" she asked "I don't think
  so, call down and have our bags brought back up."  
I called but the bags had already been picked up by the safari company and
  were not in the hotel anymore.  
Vicki was a little pissed that I had fucked up but I smiled to myself when
  I thought about parading Vicki out of the hotel her braless tits bouncing under
  her shirt and knowing that her bare shaved pussy was available if I wanted
  to slid my hand up her shorts during the trip. I made a mental note to do just
  that which made me smile a little bit more.  
Vicki slipped her shorts on and pulled the shirt over her head. "You would
  pick out my tightest top wouldn't you" she complained as she looked at herself
  in the mirror.  
I thought she was lovely. Her shirt was form fitting and was fairly thin
  so it didn't leave much to the imagination. Her shorts were too short to do
  a very good job in covering the red marks on her thighs, left by her many lovers,
  that were in fact turning to bruises.  
It was time to go so I told her that she could come with me regardless of
  what she was wearing or I could ask the manager to allow her to stay while
  I went on the safari. I told her that I was sure that the manager would take
  good care of her, starting within 10 seconds of me leaving. Oh and the Security
  man and day bellmen want to fuck you too, and if they have the same number
  of cousins that the bartender has she'd probably end up getting fucked by 500
  guys before I got back.  
"Oh no" she said "I'm sticking with you seeing what a great job your doing
  so far" she scolded me a smile slowly coming to her face. She walked up to
  me bent forward and kissed my cock through my pants. I cupped her breast and
  pulled her back up saying "Whoa girl we need to get going don't get me excited
  now".  
I left the room and I watched her ass swing back an forth in front of me
  as we walked down the hall. I felt myself getting hard and tried to think about
  something else but had a hard time not watching her moves. We walked across
  the lobby and everyman there watched us as we left the hotel. We found a truck
  parked across the street. It had benches in the back and a cloth top. Didn't
  look very comfortable. Maybe they were going to bring a bus in for the trip.  
We stood there a minute before a man approached us carrying a clipboard. "Are
  you Mr. and Mrs. Indyman" he asked.  
I told him that we were and handed him our travel documentation.  
"Can I see your passports please" he asked.  
I checked my pockets and told him that I had left them in the bags and that
  I would get them if he would tell me where they were.  
"They're already on their way to the base camp" he said. After a few moments
  of thinking he said "It will probably be alright but you should always keep
  it with you. I don't think we'll pass any checkpoints so you probably won't
  need them".  
He turned and told us to follow him. He stood up on a park bench and announced
  to the group of us that had gathered that those of us going on the wildlife
  safari should set over by the truck and those going on the bird watching safari
  should get on the bus that was just pulling up. He apologized to us about having
  to ride in the truck but their other bus had broken an axel yesterday on the
  rough road back from the base camp.  
"This is going to be awful considering how sore my ass is, how long of a
  trip is it?" she asked me.  
"I don't know" I said so when I got the answer and told Vicki that it was
  a three hour ride she let out a moan and said "I'm sitting on your lap for
  padding."  
"Fine with me I grinned, we can talk about whatever pops up" I laughed.  
"Very funny" she started before the lead guide came over to us and began
  to describe out trip.  
"First we journey to base camp, about a three hour drive. Dinner will be
  ready for us and there will be a presentation at 8:00 pm about the wildlife
  we will see tomorrow. There will be a briefing like this every day except Wednesday
  when we will camp in the field along with our other tours. There are safety
  in numbers while we are in the field, not only from the wildlife but also from
  poachers and bandits. He said.  
Vicki looked at me nervously and said "Bandits, I didn't know there were
  bandits".  
The lead guide overheard her and looked straight at her tits as he said "Very
  rare, very rare indeed."  
I couldn't tell if her was talking about the bandits or Vicki's tits. I finally
  decided that he was talking about both.  
The others in the group looked at Vicki and for the first time I looked at
  who our traveling companions were going to be. There was what appeared to be
  a father and son, two backpackers and three other guys that looked like they
  had just rolled out of a bar somewhere. It started sinking in that Vicki was
  the only woman on the trip. I smiled to myself that this could turn out to
  be very fun.  
The lead guide began talking again "I like to introduce you to our porters
  for the trip, they will cook for us, handle our bags and take care of any other
  needs you may have." As he called out their names one by one the came around
  from the other side of the truck and to my shock and surprise the six porters
  where the very same six men who had started the gangbang last night. They smiled
  and said hello to everyone but their eyes were locked on Vicki's tits in fact
  everyone's eyes were locked on Vicki's tits. Fourteen pairs of eyes looked
  right through her shirt, hell six of them had already seen what was under her
  shirt. They were responsible for more than a few of the bruises she had and
  I couldn't imagine what was going through their minds right now.  
Vicki looked from face to face as each one was introduced. She leaned over
  to me an whispered "Are those six the one's I think they are?"  
"Indeed they are" I told her.  
"Let's go" the lead guide said. "Our porters will assist you into the truck."  
Vicki was first and as she started to make the first step up into the truck
  two of the porters grasped her ass and pushed her up to the waiting arms of
  the porter already in the back of the truck who grasped her breasts and pulled
  her up by her tits I looked at the other people and the were just a little
  shocked at what they just observed and were whispering between themselves.  
I climbed up into the back but didn't get the same treatment "feel-up" treatment
  Vicki got.  
Finally we were all in the back and there was plenty of room for all of us
  but all of the others sat across the bed of the truck from us. Probably to
  watch Vicki's tits better I thought. Just before we pulled away two of the
  porters came running up carriying a mattress. They flung it in the back of
  the truck and proceeded to sit on it. Vicki looked at me and said "Those guys
  have the right idea sitting on that padded mattress." She looked at me more
  than a little shocked when I said "I bet they brought that mattress just for
  you". She looked at the two men sitting on the mattress and then at the other
  men then at me. We were all looking over her body and her tits heaving up and
  down with each breath she took. Very shortly and after a little gnashing of
  gears we were off. Bumping and bouncing along.  
I watched Vicki tits bounce up and down, dancing in her shirt. She grimaced
  each time we hit a big bump and I could imagine that she must have been a little
  uncomfortable sitting on a hard wooden bench seat pounding her sore pussy and
  ass after each bump.  
Sitting, as it turned out was not going to be a problem because we hadn't
  gone more than five mile before one of the porters sitting on the mattress
  stood up, walked right up to Vicki, unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock.  
Vicki looked at me and then at all of the other men sitting across from us
  watching one of the porters seemingly ready to rape her.  
Vicki turned back looked at the mans hardening cock and took it into her
  mouth. A cheer went up from every one of the men sitting across from us as
  she swallowed the entire length of the slab of cockmeat he offered her right
  down her throat.  
I reached over and pulled her shirt up past her braless tits and over her
  head and another cheer went up. I was really tempted to toss it out the back
  of the truck but didn't. The man humped into her face the bumping and jarring
  of the ride forcing him into her mouth even deeper. After a minute or two he
  clutched the back of her head and rapidly jerked in an out as he spewed his
  cum down into her waiting mouth. His final thrusts made the cum in her mouth
  come spurting past her lips and down onto her tits. This brought another cheer
  from the fourteen of us in the back of the truck  
The man lifted Vicki up by her arms and led her back to the mattress, before
  he pushed her to her hands and knees in front of him he pulled her shorts down
  around her ankles revealing to everyone that she wasn't wearing any underwear
  and was sporting a shaved very red and swollen pussy. Vicki found herself facing
  the other black man that had been sitting on the mattress who was busy pulling
  his pants down with her ass and pussy fully exposed to fourteen men behind
  her admiring her charms and plotting their orgasm in one of her orfices.  
The man that had just gotten a blow-job was hard again and lined his cock
  up with her pussy and pushed in as hard as he could just as Vicki was opening
  her mouth to start sucking the other porter which forced her to take the entire
  length and girth of this mans massive cock into her mouth and right down her
  throat.  
For the next two and a half hours everyman in the back of the truck took
  her at least once most several times. Suddenly the truck began lurching to
  a stop.  
"Checkpoint one of the porters yelled and everyone jumped up leaving Vicki
  laying on the mattress flat her back nude and well fucked. Two of the porters
  helped me get her shorts and shirt back on just as the tailgate sung down and
  four soldiers, all well armed, glaring at us.  
"Travel documents please" the sergeant commanded as he stepped into the back
  of the truck closely followed by two of the soldiers. As he proceeded from
  person to person looking at their passports I wondered what his reaction would
  be when I told him I did not have ours.  
Finally it was our turn.  
"Documents please" he said to Vicki.  
I tried to say that I had packed them when he glared at me and told me to
  wait my turn.  
Vicki stammered and said "My husband packed them in our bags and they are
  already at the base camp.  
"Step out of the truck please" he told her.  
I started to protest as Vicki was led away by the two soldiers but he again
  glared at me and said "Silence, you are already in enough trouble. If your
  wife can not satisfy our security check we may need to take you back to our
  station for interrogation and identification"  
The men lowered her to the ground from the back of the truck to the two men
  on the ground who took great liberties with their hands roaming over her tits
  and ass as they helped her down. The sergeant followed closely behind he took
  Vicki over to a Jeep parked by the road and began talking to her. I watched
  helplessly as my wife was interrogated by one of the five men surrounding her.
  The sergeant said something in a language I could not understand and two of
  the men grabbed her arms and bent her over the hood of the jeep. The sergeant
  grabbed the back of her shorts and half pulled half ripped her shorts off exposing
  her naked ass. He handed his rifle to one of his men as he began unbuckling
  his pants. I figured that he was about to rape her but instead he slid his
  belt off and began beating Vicki's ass very hard with it. I began to get up
  but the solider at the back of the truck yelled at me to stop and sit down.
  He probably beat her ass two dozen times before he dropped his belt and pulled
  his cock out. He stepped up and plunged his dick up her ass which brought a
  brief scream from Vicki. He pumped like a madman into her ass for what seemed
  like an eternity before he finally ejaculated into her ass dumping a bucket
  of cum up her butt.  
He pulled out of her ass and as he walked away one of the other soldiers
  stepped up behind her and began fucking her pussy. For the next hour and a
  half Vicki was gangraped by twelve soldiers. They had finally laid her down
  on the grass so they had better access to her tits which were receiving a lot
  of very rough attention.  
Finally the seemed satisfied, two of the soldiers helped her to her feet
  as the sergeant approached. He said a few words to Vicki, she nodded and sunk
  to her knees before him and proceeded to give him a blow-job. After he came
  in her mouth Vicki got up turned around bent at her waist and grabber her ankles.
  The sergeant again slid off his belt and began beating Vicki's ass though not
  as hard as before. I couldn't believe my eyes when I looked at Vicki's face
  and she was smiling. After a dozen or so lashes he again pulled out his cock
  and fucked Vicki in the ass. She was moaning this time and pushed back against
  him with each thrust. When she cried out "Fuck my ass you black bastard he
  dumped another load into her butt and as he pulled out he slapped her hard
  on the ass. Vicki turned to face him, stood on her tip toes and kissed him
  then lowered her head and kissed the head of his cock licking the sperm dripping
  from it. She turned and was escorted to the back of the truck by two of the
  soldiers each of whom squeezed her tits before the spun her around and pushed
  her back up and into the truck helped by two of the porters who were each holding
  an arm and a tit.  
Vicki walked up to me took me by the hand led me back to the mattress and
  pulled me on top of her as she spread her legs and said "Fuck me baby, I can't
  get enough. I thrust into her just as the truck lurched and began driving away.
  The other men in the back were stunned, first they watch a woman get naked
  and take on everyone in the back of the truck, then watch her get gangraped
  by a bunch of soldiers and now still asking for more cock. First only one started
  clapping then they all joined in as they gathered around the mattress.  
As I pumped into her I said "He never asked me for my ID I wonder what he
  would have done?"  
"He told me that the were going to do the same thing to you that they did
  to me" she said as she smiled "That is until I told him to whip my ass and
  fuck my butt so we could get going" she added. "Can you imagine being gangraped
  in the ass by a dozen black men?" she asked me.  
As I said "No I can't imagine" though I really could and oddly the thought
  brought me to a climax and I shot my wad into her hot little pussy which was
  still tight after being violated at least a hundred times in the last 24 hours.  
As I rolled off of her the next man stepped up and fell into her welcoming
  arms as she wrapped her legs around his back and pulled him deeper into her
  pussy.  
I thought back to the smile I saw on her face while she was being whipped
  and filed it away for future reference. I'd always wanted to spank her hot
  little ass but had never had the balls to do it figuring she would get really
  pissed if I hit her. Now I thought about the big leather tool belt hanging
  in the garage and decided I'd beat her ass the day we got home.  
With another lurch we pulled into base camp. The mob of men were still gathered
  around Vicki sprawled on the mattress with a cock in her pussy and another
  in her mouth. They all quickly got up and began gathering their belongings.
  For the first time I realized that what Vicki's clothes, torn and tattered
  were laying by the side of the road with the soldiers.  
Vicki for the first time realized it too as she looked around for something
  to cover herself with but there was nothing except the mattress there in the
  truck. I started to take off my shirt to give it to her but two of the porters
  had garbed her arms and were lowering he to the ground into the waiting hands
  of the men below. They grabbed the mattress and flung it over the side of the
  truck to the ground. Without hesitation the four men on the ground led her
  to the mattress and pushed her down on top of it. By the time I got out of
  the truck and got Vicki's side one of the black porters was already fucking
  her. I saw a least a dozen more men begin heading over to the truck to see
  what was going on.  
I looked around counted, there was a crowd of thirty-two men gathered the
  mattress watching Vicki get her pussy pounded by a hulking black man. Over
  and over he pounded into her till then enevitable clenching of buttocks signaled
  another load of hot black semen had been deposited into Vicki's pussy.  
After he crawled off of Vicki she just lay there her legs spread wide open
  gazing up at the ring of black faces that surrounded her slowely she got up
  onto her hands and knees and crawled across the mattress till she was directly
  in front of one of the porters, He was standing there with his cock hanging
  out of his pants as Vicki moaned she began to suck his cock. As a line formed
  the base camp people began lining up for their turn as the first of them knelt
  behind her and slid his cock into her dripping wet pussy.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  IndyMan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





