BDSM Library - Aunt Vicky




Aunt Vicky
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Billy's aunt knows what's best for his large testicles...AUNT VICKY   
By: Fantasy Man    
  Billy's aunt knows what's best for his large testicles...   
He did not understand what was about to happen. Aunt Vicky
  had given him a nice warm cup of tea spiked with an arousal/sedative drug.
  He was lying on her bed nude with his legs spread open. He couldn't figure
  out why he had no desire to close them. His well-developed testicles rested
  heavily on the bed, his large penis semi rigid...  
Aunt Vicky glanced at her nephew. An attractive, large breasted
  woman of 32, she loved the boy but was quite concerned about how his hormones
  were now changing their relationship. He was almost 17 and she'd caught him
  glancing at her giant breasts several times. Admittedly, she enjoyed wearing
  flimsy demi-cup push-up bras under tight shirts - perfect tools for selecting
  men in need of clinical &quot;taming&quot; or just a milking (the choice was
  hers) at the correctional facility where she worked. Her suspicions were confirmed;
  his sac was gigantic, hairless, and rested heavily on her silky sheets. She
  quite enjoyed the men with large testicles but it was necessary to drug them
  before their procedure - informing them that their testicles needed to be removed
  could cause quite a stir! 
She entered the room, smiled at the young boy and sat next
  to him - her breasts heaved provocatively under her tight shirt. &quot;Billy,&quot; she
  softly spoke, &quot;you do know how much I love you, don't you?&quot; The semi-conscious
  boy smiled and nodded, feeling embarrassed yet strangely comfortable. Despite
  his drugged state, his penis began erecting at the sight of her so close. Vicky
  smiled again, aware of his struggle not to look at her jutting breasts, and
  continued: &quot;It's time I performed a little procedure on you Billy...&quot; Billy
  watched in frozen embarrassment as she casually lifted his large, swollen balls. &quot;Your
  testicles are just too big and heavy...&quot; She smiled sympathetically. 
Try as he might, the sight of her large, tightly clad breasts,
  the feel of her hands lifting his heavy nuts... his penis reached full erection
  in no time. &quot;You poor thing...&quot; was all she said, calmly holding
  his penis away from his sack.... &quot;You've let your big balls get way too
  full...&quot; she said softly and hefted his balls as if measuring their weight.
  He groaned with embarrassment - the drug in his drink kept him docile while
  mounting his arousal. &quot;We cannot expect your penis to behave if he's not
  ejaculated at least once a day...&quot; she observed, squeezing it gently just
  beneath its head.  
He saw Aunt Vicky remove a device from her nearby table
  - it looked like some sort of clamping tool - and he watched as if in a dream
  as she carefully placed his large, bloated sack into it.... &quot;There we
  are Billy... Just relax - this is going to feel a little snug...&quot; Squeezing
  the handles gently his balls were pushed to the bottom of his sack nice and
  slow - he then felt something closing tightly around the top of his scrotum. &quot;There
  we are Billy - that's my Testicle Choker...&quot; she smiled, &quot;It makes
  balls nice and snug. Nurses use it when they need to take a sperm sample...&quot; Looking
  between his legs, he saw his balls pressed into a tight, fat ball at the end
  of his now doubly crimped scrotal neck. &quot;Crimping a man's scrotum makes
  his ejaculation more manageable - instead of strong, messy spurts the nurse
  gets a nice controlled dribble.&quot; She smiled, holding his tight testicles
  reassuringly. &quot;The nurses at the sperm bank use it to accurately supervise
  a man's ejaculation.&quot; Billy's face was red with embarrassment, trying
  not to think about the humiliating, yet arousing, procedure. However, as the
  drug took more affect, he thought only of how her small pink top contoured
  perfectly to her giant breasts, clearly revealing the half-cup push-up bra
  underneath. 
&quot;We should really have you ejaculate Billy, but I don't
  like doing it without my little milker...&quot; She was holding them now, lovingly
  passing his straining lump back-and-forth between her soft, manicured hands.
  With a calm, 'I know what's best' look, she continued; &quot;The machine I
  use to milk a man's penis is totally automated. It has a penis sleeve which
  gently pumps and vibrates until I decide he's done ejaculating...&quot; She
  squeezed his nuts playfully, &quot;but just before you came, my friend borrowed
  the sperm-collection container.&quot; She was now holding a smooth black tube
  with a cute little pink bow at the top. &quot;Billy, I was just going to milk
  you today but, without the collection cup to catch your mess, I can't let you
  spurt.&quot; She smiled gently. &quot;I just don't want any on my new shirt...&quot; she
  sighed and innocently stuck her chest out, slowly moving her massive breasts
  from side-to-side, showing him exactly where she didn't want his mess. 
&quot;There, there...&quot; she cooed, cupping his heavy
  package in her left palm, pulling his balls forward, &quot;That only leaves
  us with one option Billy - I'll have to remove your balls ...&quot; she said
  sweetly. What? Had he heard right? He started to panic, recognizing her breasts
  for the distraction they were, but was overcome with a relaxed sense of purpose.
  They felt so bloated and safe in Aunt Vicky's soft, feminine hands. &quot;That's
  right Billy, your auntie's going to take them nice and full...&quot; 
Letting his meaty lump rest on the silky sheets, she slid
  his penis into the sheath. &quot;I'll let the milker get you nice and close
  before I take your balls...&quot; The black tube felt smooth as she slid it
  down his giant, erect penis. It felt rather snug, probably not made for a penis
  of his girth, but the length was just right - it came to rest under his head,
  leaving it to swell unchecked. &quot;Oh dear, it's enormous...&quot; she cooed,
  carefully trailing a finger across his tight, shiny cock-head and reached for
  a switch. He groaned in response to the soft hum as the milker started to pump
  his shaft. Aunt Vicky smiled and wrapped her perfectly manicured hands around
  the black shaft. &quot;The milker makes most men dribble in less than a minute...&quot; she
  said with a smile, pointing his straining, choked head at the deep valley between
  her massive breasts. &quot;Be a good boy and tell me before you let go...&quot; she
  whispered, holding up a little pink pair of scissors. She giggled and snipped
  the air playfully, &quot;We don't want you dribbling on my breasts!&quot; she
  laughed - Billy's embarrassment with her large breasts was so cute... 
The milker continued steadily, pumping and vibrating with
  a predictable pattern. The head of his penis flared to the size on an apple,
  pulsing steadily with the rhythm of the milking machine. It looked almost feminine
  with the little pink bow so close to his pulsing penis-head. Aunt Vicky was
  so beautiful - she watched his tormented penis with a big smile on her face.
  Men were so cute when faced with this dilemma - an erotic situation soon to
  be ended by a busty woman and her cute little scissors. 
She placed her scissors between the tight crimpings on his
  nicely stretched scrotum and hefted his fat testicle-lump with her other hand. &quot;Your
  balls feel so full...&quot; she smiled. &quot;I'll hold them nice and safe
  when they come off - I always weigh the big ones...&quot; Billy was moaning
  with lust now, feeling her pull his nuts expectantly. &quot;I'm going to watch
  your piss-slit Billy...&quot; she was squeezing now, &quot;When it starts to
  open, I'll give you a little snip before you let out any mess...&quot; She
  made her point by gently squeezing the handles, allowing him to feel a slight
  compression of steel on his banded sack. 
Billy started grunting, thrusting his hips ever-so-slightly. &quot;There's
  a good boy...&quot; Aunt Vicky said, watching his penis closely. She was holding
  his nut pouch possessively, her scissors ready to snip. &quot;Almost ready
  Billy?&quot; she asked casually - her nipples were erect, sticking out just
  above the confines of her demi-bra. He felt his cum boiling up, making him
  thrust his cock forward involuntarily. &quot;There we are...&quot; she was
  staring at his gasping piss-slit and whispered; &quot;off they come...&quot; with
  a girlish giggle. With a &quot;prissy&quot; thumb-and-forefinger-hold on the
  scissors, she gave the handles a little squeeze at the last possible moment
  - it took almost no effort at all! His fat testicle lump easily came free in
  her waiting hand... His face became a mix of horror and disbelief, realizing
  how such a pivotal event had just been so trivialized by his busty aunt. &quot;They
  always come off easy...&quot; came her soothing voice, holding up his fat bulge
  as proof. &quot;It wasn't really that bad, was it Billy?&quot; she asked, passing
  it between her manicured hands. She squeezed them experimentally, feeling their
  density: &quot;For goodness sake! Feels like a big load in there... I bet you
  would have made a big mess on my shirt!&quot; she said excitedly, putting them
  on her little scale...  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  FantasyMan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





