BDSM Library - The Rod




The Rod
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Michael felt that his submissive lover was perhaps trying to control him by 'topping from the bottom'. He is determined to get her back on track and understand the error of her ways.The synopsis  
Joan and Michael have been
  having a relationship for about three years.  
Joan is very comfortable in
  the lifestyle where Michael is in control, and he in turn relishes his power.
  Recently he has noticed that things are somewhat different, he feels that although
  Joan is still submissive to his wishes, she is actually 'topping from the bottom'.
  This, as my dear readers may know, is where the submissive actually controls
  the events by their behavior. Michael is determined to put an end to this,
  and return to the point where his wishes and desires were all that were need
  to have Joan fulfill them.  
Joan, for her part may not
  have even realized this was going on, but when she wanted to be punished she
  decided to act poorly, forcing Michael to react and punish her, giving her
  what she wanted. When he wanted to punish her or use her for his desires, and
  she was not ready, she gave excuses and that hesitation&nbsp;was what he started
  to sense. His plan was to bring her back to understand his control was complete
  and her satisfaction and joy came from what he took from her, not what she
  took.  
The plan was elaborate, bringing
  into it elements of surprise, sex, pain and acceptance.  
In the end, things returned
  to&nbsp;almost the original atmosphere, but better, &nbsp;and both Joan and
  Michael were once again happy  
Part 1  
Michael had a plan.  
He told Joan that they would be going out to a club for drinks and there
  would meet a friend of his.  
Joan, by the way, is&nbsp; 5'5&quot;, about 135 lbs&nbsp;with full breasts
  and an ample ass. Her hair is dark and stylishly cut leaving her face exposed.
  Her strongest assets are her beauty and her smile. With a different body type,
  she could have been considered modeling material.  
Michael let her choose her clothes and she selected a simple cocktail dress
  with just enough cleavage to make sure that when people glanced at her, they
  went back for seconds. Pumps, pantyhose and the ubiquitous black choker finished
  her attire.  
They arrived at the sedate club and stood at the bar sipping their drinks.
  Her eyes roamed constantly, scanning with her early warning system trying to
  guess who was the friend that Michael wanted her to meet.  
As she was looking afar, she did not notice the slim man walk over to Michael
  nor see them shake hands. &quot;Joan&quot;, Michael called as she quickly turned
  back to him, 'this is John'.&nbsp; She quickly eyed this short man, just barely
  over her own height, looking like he spent a good deal of time in a gym. She
  noticed his short cropped grey hair and the tautness of his skin, giving him
  a somewhat ominous appearance.  
&quot;Hi&quot; she said, as she extended her arm and commenced to go through
  her long practiced procedure of trying to influence a man with her smile and
  her stunning features.  
&nbsp;As he took her hand she felt he looked right past her and directly
  through her eyes. He did not say anything, just nodded and bowed his head slightly.  
&quot;Michael&quot;, she said, keeping her eyes on John, &quot;I don't think
  you ever mentioned John to me.&quot;  
As Michael began to speak, she noticed that John's stare had not waivered.
  His pale blue eyes, set off by the grey hair made her anxious and she had trouble
  focusing on what Michael was saying. She picked up the words, 'trainer' 'change
  in attitude' and with the word 'whip-master', she realized he was talking about
  her.  
Part 2  
Michael paid the bar bill, took
  Joan's elbow and the three of them left. John led the way as they walked the
  two blocks to a nondescript loft building. The freight elevator opened on a
  small hallway and John unlocked the door. They stepped into a spacious area
  and Joan's eyes swept the space and made a mental note: it was decorated using
  minimalist standards. Shiny steel tubing and canvas were the basic materials.  
&quot;This way,&quot; John said
  and he led them to a corner area that seemed to have a room built into it.
  Another lock and the door swung open. John turned the light switch and spots
  came on illuminating the center area. There, a slightly raised round stage
  held a leather covered ottoman. Michael led Joan along and John motioned to
  a corner door, 'she can change in there'. Michael leaned into Joan's ear and
  said softy, leave everything inside, come out nude.  
When the door opened, the men
  saw Joan's body appear, nude but for her black choker. Certainly not overweight,
  but also not waif thin, her body was full of curves where curves were supposed
  to be. Joan, for her part, was not embarrassed. She had endured being nude
  in front of Michaels friends before, and knew that besides Michael liking the
  control idea, he would protect her while she could flaunt her body.  
She walked toward them, silently
  bringing her heels down hard on the carpeting, knowing that this made the tops
  of her breasts jiggle. As she looked at the oversized ottoman, she saw that
  besides having straps hanging from it, it was not flush. There were cut outs&nbsp;and
  depressions in the leather, 'at least', she thought, 'I will be comfortable'.  
John took her arm and led her
  to a position next to the bench. He pushed on her shoulder and she dropped
  to her knees fitting them into padded grooves&nbsp;made for them.  
Quickly he used the straps to
  get her thighs tight up against bench and secured her. She leaned over and
  her breasts&nbsp;found the cut outs&nbsp;as her belly was forced down. More
  straps secured her back and as a last procedure, he took her arms and they
  too were&nbsp;strapped down bent at the elbow in front of her. Her neck&nbsp;was
  free and she found she could either look around at what was in front of her,
  or put her head down on the bench. All of her weight was supported by her torso,
  held fast to the bench.  
&quot;One more little adjustment&quot;,
  she heard John say, as he walked around to the back. Her knees were resting
  in the padded&nbsp;grooves and he&nbsp;swiveled them slightly outward and secured
  them in this position. She didn't understand why but then she heard&nbsp;a
  motor&nbsp;and the bench began to raise up and then tilt forward. She was secured
  and comfortable but now instead of looking forward, she was at a slight downward
  angle.  
She smiled as she realized that
  the slight maneuvering of her knees caused her ass to be spread wide, and now
  in this new position, the men behind her had a very&nbsp;open view of all her
  assets.&nbsp;Michael came around and sat on a stool that placed his head near
  hers.  
&quot;Joan, the&nbsp;old belt
  doesn't work for me anymore, I am leaving your body bruised and&nbsp;frankly,
  you have gotten too used to it. I have asked John to find me a new instrument
  to use to train and punish you. John has&nbsp;experience as both a whip maker
  and a whip-master, and he will&nbsp;use&nbsp;his skill&nbsp;to identify&nbsp;which
  will be the most effective device for you. He will use your ass like a canvas,
  trying out his various whips, crops, floggers, canes and God knows whatever
  else he has.&nbsp;He knows what&nbsp;results I am looking for and when he gets
  the desired results he will make me what is needed.&quot;  
John then told Michael it would
  take about 2 hours and that before he left, John had a favor to ask. &quot;Sure
  John, what is it&quot;?&nbsp; &nbsp;John told Michael that he was enthralled
  by Joan's body and would Michael mind if he used her for his own pleasure?
  Michael frowned a little and said that Joan's ass was his personal area. Only
  he had ever used it and did not want to spoil it. As for Joan's pussy, he felt
  the same way and would really prefer if John did not violate it. John nodded
  and accepted the rules.  
He then asked, 'What about her
  mouth&quot;? Michael thought for a moment and said, &quot;I don't have a problem
  with that, but I know that Joan has never really found it pleasurable for her.
  This whole experience is going to be a lot for her to handle, and I think maybe
  I don't want her to have the additional pressure. Anyway, she is not so good
  at it, and I have never been able to use her throat&quot;.  
Michael, turned to leave and
  then John asked &quot;what if she asks for it'?&nbsp; &quot;What do you mean&quot;? &nbsp;&quot;I
  mean, what if she asks me to use her mouth for my pleasure, would that be OK&quot;?  
Michael thought for a moment
  and realized that she would never give permission, and since John was doing
  him a favor in all of this, he agreed. &quot;Ok," he finally agreed, "if she
  asks for you to use her mouth, it's&nbsp;fine with me&quot;.  
&quot;Be good baby&quot;, Michael called out to Joan as he left the room.  
Part 3  
John wheeled the long table that was at the side of the room behind her.
  He walked around opening closets and drawers taking various instruments out
  and placing them on the table. Joan could easily see some of them and she realized
  every one of them would soon be used on her ass. After a moment John announced
  he was ready. He told Joan that she should feel free to cry out as her reactions
  would also enable him to gauge the effectiveness of each instrument.  
John had divided up her ass into quadrants. He had note paper and he picked
  up an unusually soft leather whip. Three times he let it fly onto her ass with
  various degrees of speed. He noted the reaction to the skin, her body and her
  voice and recorded them in a sort of shorthand on his note paper.  
He went through the full range of his tools, each time letting the instrument
  bite her three times. He felt that three times was just the right number of
  times for him to gauge her reaction. At one point he picked up a heavy cane,
  although knowing that it would never be acceptable to Michael, he decided to
  let Joan know how brutal he could be. He swung it at a low speed and it cracked
  into her ass. Her head snapped up as she hadn't expected anything so violent
  and a cry came from her mouth. Twice more, but at even slower speeds he struck
  her and each time she jumped and cried out. The pain of the cane went deep
  into her ass and into her legs, it was a pain that quickly spread out, and
  was not localized like the others. Three even level welts were already beginning
  to rise on the lower left section of her ass.  
When he was through, he had the information he needed and&nbsp;was ready
  to make a recommendation to Michael. The rigid riding crop tipped with the
  soft leather head would be perfect for general training and for when punishment
  was necessary. Now, he thought, let me see what I can do for myself.  
He came around and addressed Joan in a gentle voice. &quot;We are almost
  finished and I want to tell you how accommodating you have been.&quot;&nbsp; Joan,
  sensing where she thought the conversation was going, quickly shot back at
  him "don't think I'm going to be so accommodating that I let you use my mouth.&quot;&nbsp; John
  smiled and said, "I didn't even think of that my dear&quot;.  
He bent down to her level so she could see him, he said, "Look at this. I
  designed it and made it myself&quot;. He held up a rod of 1/2&quot; thickness
  and 18" long. It looked to her like it was some kind of rod made of clear plastic
  or Lucite. &quot;It appears to be very solid and unyielding, but look,&quot; he
  said, as he gently waved it, she saw that it was flexible and bowed slightly
  as he waved it back and forth. &quot;I love this because it reminds me of the
  best features of the cane but with improvements. You remember the cane I just
  used on you? Well the cane sends its message along the entire length that makes
  contact with the skin. But this, this has the opposite effect, it takes all
  the energy of the cane and concentrates it on the first spot to make contact
  with the body. Here, let me show you.&quot;  
He took up a position behind her and she steeled herself for the blow. She
  had no idea how different this was going to be. He lined himself up, lifted
  his arm and let the rod fly down. Her head snapped up but no sound came out.
  All the air had been forced out of her lungs. After her next breath she screamed.
  John had used her asshole as the target. He had brought the rod down vertically
  along the crack of her ass. As soon as the first part touched her asshole,
  all the power of the rod concentrated itself right there. He knew exactly the
  reaction. He came around to her again. Not saying a word, he let her calm down
  by herself and then knelt next to her head.  
&quot;Oh my God&quot; she repeated over and over. &quot;What was that? I
  can't take anymore.&quot;  
John said, &quot;I know what you felt. First it was like an electrical shock?
  Vibrating out to your feet and arms? You then felt the pain follow it and you
  probably even felt the pain through your legs and I bet even into your chest?  
&quot;Yes, yes&quot;, she gasped, &quot;please no more&quot;. He looked at
  her and the pain just wouldn't stop. It just lingered like nothing else. As
  her head cleared and she gathered herself, she turned and looked into John's
  eyes. She nearly was snarling when she said: &quot;I get it, OK, you can fuck
  my mouth&quot;.&nbsp; John's lips formed a thin smile as he got up and moved
  out of her view again.  
He stood over her ass watching her hole still pucker involuntarily. As her
  breathing resumed he lifted his hand and this time at a slightly faster rate,
  he brought his rod down on the same spot.&nbsp; After a very long silent pause,
  he heard her wail. This continued as her ass clenched and reclenched over and
  over as she tried to get a hold of the pain. He waited until she began to calm
  and walked over to her side. This time he brought the stool over so he could
  sit and look into her face.  
&quot;Please&quot; she moaned over and over, &quot;no more&quot;. John smiled
  and told her that she was sounding a little less hostile to him. She babbled
  on and kept apologizing and pleading with him. She knew what he wanted and
  kept telling him to use her mouth, just use it and stop the pain. &quot;No&quot;,
  he said, &quot;that won't do, you need to really request it, almost beg me
  to use your mouth as I wish.&quot; She then started babbling again and told
  him to take her anyway he wanted. He told her &quot;I know you are almost ready
  but you are not quite there yet, you are not perfect yet&quot;, as he got up
  and walked behind her. &quot;Remember my rule of three&quot;, he chuckled.
  She screamed and bolted and he thought he could almost see the bench actually
  move! &quot;Sorry baby, the rule of three applies&quot;. He knew that in her
  state she would think any contact was worse then it actually was, so he took
  off some speed but still located his hit so that all the force was directed
  into her asshole.  
He let her cry for a while and then as she&nbsp;calmed he sat down next to
  her again. He had a warm washcloth in his hands and gently wiped her face.
  When she started to babble again, he shushed her and told her to listen carefully.
  He picked up a comb and brushed her hair and she began to look put together.
  He told her to control herself and think before she opened her mouth. She nodded
  and listened.  
&quot;One chance is what you get. I want you to sweetly offer yourself to
  me, encourage me to use your mouth, tell me the pleasure I will feel and don't
  forget to mention your throat. Look at me with soft eyes, with pleading in
  your eyes with no tension in them. I want to hear a gentle voice. I know you
  understand and can do this. Also, you should know that I have no tolerance
  for failure now, and if you are not absolutely perfect then the next time you
  have the chance to convince me&nbsp;will be&nbsp;after you visit with my Lucite
  friend 3 more times. Understand&quot;?  
He walked away for a moment as she took a deep breath, closed her eyes and
  thought of only one thing. Avoid that damn rod at any cost. She could never
  get through three more. When he returned he&nbsp;repositioned the bench so
  that her head was again higher, sat down next to her, folded his hands in his
  lap and waited.  
She lifted her head, looked at him with gentle eyes and he knew he was going
  to like this. She took a deep breath and began.  
&quot;Sir, John, I am requesting of you to please feel free to use my mouth
  for your pleasure. I really would like to feel your cock taking my mouth and
  using it as you see fit.&quot; She smiled warmly at him, batting her eyelashes
  seductively, &quot;Sir, John, I know that if you let me have your cock, I will
  make it explode with a pleasure you have never known before. My throat should
  be used by your cock and it will be open for you. Your come will bring me more
  happiness than you can know. Please, Sir, your cock.&quot;&nbsp; She smiled
  broadly, opened her mouth and let her tongue slip out in an obvious invitation.  
Internally she was raging, fearful of a rejection. She didn't know if he
  would accept her invitation. Finally he stood up, moved in front of her and
  began to open his pants.  
Part 4  
John was thrilled. Her mouth was even better than he expected. Warm and moist,&nbsp;its
  constant sucking motion brought him sheer pleasure. Very quickly his come started
  the ascent&nbsp;through his cock. Joan knew the feeling of the moving pulsations
  in his cocked&nbsp;and worked even harder to keep his come moving up. John
  called her name, she looked up and their eyes met. He nodded slowly and slowed
  down his thrusting. &quot;Open&quot; was all he said. She knew what this meant.
  Even though she had never come close to this, she knew what had to happen.
  The thought of the rod was still the overpowering presence in her mind and
  if she had to, she would slit herself open rather than endure another session.
  He put his hands on her head and steadied her. With his cock almost out of
  her mouth he began a slow and steady assault&nbsp;into her mouth. He angled
  her face up slightly so his cock had an unobstructed path to her throat. With
  her head at the perfect angle she felt the first pressure at the back of her
  tongue. He never slowed, nor sped up, just a steady pressure.  
At the moment of truth, just before her gag reflex would come into play she
  heard him say &quot;if you vomit now, 3 more.&quot; She knew exactly what he
  meant and she took a deep breath. Somehow, his cock did not stop and her throat
  did not put up any obstacle. He slid into her throat. Both of them were thrilled
  for different reasons. He backed out, then slid back in again, again nothing
  barring his way; a delicious tightness enveloped his entire cock and he was
  enjoying every moment. Joan, for her part was delighted too. This was easy,
  this&nbsp;seemed to be&nbsp;no problem for her, she was taking him down her
  throat like she had been doing it for years. She felt relieved, but just for
  a moment.  
John liked the feeling and when fully extended into her mouth, he held his
  cock there, not pulling back. Joan didn't move and she felt she&nbsp;needed
  a breath but her airway was jammed full of cock. He sensed her mounting tension
  and tightened his grip on her head, not letting her pull off. &quot;Swallow&quot;,
  he commanded. &quot;Swallow my cock&quot;. She was not sure what he meant, &quot;swallow&quot;?
  Her mouth and throat were full, how could she swallow. The lack of air was
  beginning to affect her and she heard him say again&nbsp;&quot;swallow', She
  forced herself to swallow and she felt her throat contract tightly around his
  cock. Only then did he pull out and she was allowed to breath deeply.  
&quot;Yes, that's it, that's what you need to do each time I am just about
  to enter your throat, swallow.&quot; She nodded her understanding and began
  to follow his instruction. What a feeling he was experiencing, like extra fingers
  massaging his cock deep within the warmth of her mouth. His come was not going
  to wait, it was right there and with the swallowing, it was going to be forcibly
  extracted.  
He&nbsp;started to come and he wanted to experience the pure full physical
  pleasure. He pulled way back until her lips just were able to keep hold of
  him, and then thrust himself fully. She moved backwards not a fraction of an
  inch. His come began escaping from the tip of his cock and he again pulled
  way back, this time actually slipping out of her mouth. She gasped for him
  and found his cock just as it was propelling itself forward again. This sequence
  continued until he was fully spent. He stopped his movements completely, with
  his cock deep in her mouth. She began swallowing again, draining the last pearls
  from him and cleaning him completely. He slowly pulled back letting her mouth
  finish working over each centimeter of his cock, until it just softly popped
  out.  
Both he and she had smiles. She, both because she knew she had avoided the
  rod and because she had done a good job; and he, because he not only got exactly
  what he wanted, but he had left a glob of come on her face. When he had pulled
  out, she didn't realize that a trail of come had left his cock, hit the side
  of her nose and ran down her cheek to near the corner of her mouth.  
They both calmed down and as he came out of the bathroom he heard his front
  door. He came back into the room with Michael. &quot;How did everything go?&quot;&nbsp;Michael&nbsp;inquired.&nbsp; &quot;Just
  the way I wanted it to&quot; answered John. &quot;Come, look&quot;. He led
  Michael to the raised platform and again tilted the bench over so Joan's ass
  was presented. They spent a long time examining her as John, reading from his
  notes, pointed out the effects of the various implements on her ass. &quot;That
  must have stung a little&quot;, Michael chuckled, pointing to the three vivid
  reminders of the cane. Finally they settled on a particular crop and Michael
  gave John the go ahead to make one.  
He asked John how Joan had behaved and John gave a glowing report. So much
  so that as Joan listened to the description of her compliance, she began to
  blush. Michael was proud of her and went around to soothingly tell her how
  much he loved her and how wonderful she was. John left the room while they
  whispered then came back, raised the bench and started to unfasten the first
  restraint, Michael called over to him. &quot;Hey John, what the hell is this&quot;?
  John came around and saw Michael pointing to the line of come that had dried
  on Joan's face.  
He continued, &quot;what the hell went on here&quot;?&nbsp; John calmly told
  Michael that he had only&nbsp;followed Michaels instructions and when properly
  asked, he had used Joan's mouth. &quot;The stain&quot;, he said &quot;was the
  residue of come that didn't make it into Joan's belly&quot;.  
Michael was livid and shouted to Joan, &quot;What have you done?&quot;  
Joan sensed the&nbsp;betrayal that Michael was feeling&nbsp;and decided that
  since she&nbsp;wanted to go back&nbsp;home with Michael she had better fix
  this situation right now. She burst out in tears, screaming &quot;he forced
  me, I never gave him permission, you know I don't like that, he beat me and
  I still didn't say 'yes', he was an animal, it was rape, nothing less than
  rape, I didn't want to tell you because he was your friend, but he used me,
  raped my mouth over and over, Michael believe me that I would never agree to
  that&quot;, she continued sobbing while still draped over the bench.  
Michael was cold with fury and turned to John, &quot;you son of a bitch&quot;,
  I only told you that you could have her because I knew she wouldn't let you,
  and now you do this to me?'  
John for his part stood with his arms crossed looking slightly bored. He
  spoke to Joan, &quot;come on Joan, I think you should start telling Michael
  the truth&quot;. &quot;You bastard!&quot; she screamed and turned again to
  Michael, &quot;rape, he forced himself on me while I was tied like this, believe
  me!&quot;  
Again, Michael turned to John and as he was about to speak, John held up
  his hand in the classic pose of &quot;stop&quot;. He turned his head to a monitor
  in the wall and then using the same hand, he turned it into a pointing hand
  and directed Michael to the image coming on the screen.  
There was Joan, face relaxed, hair combed, looking up and sweetly inviting
  John to use her. &quot;That bastard&quot;, she thought, &quot;he was taping
  me, Oh my God, Michael, Michael, what will he do with me?&quot;  
Her calm words, fluttering eyelashes, invitation to use her previously unused
  throat, everything was on tape. Michael was nailed to the floor and couldn't
  move. At the end he turned to John who asked, &quot;would you like to see it
  again&quot;?  
Michael shook his head &quot;no&quot;. Joan was speechless, she had lied
  to Michael and then lied again to cover herself. &quot;Please Michael, it wasn't
  like that, he beat me until I couldn't say no, believe me Michael I didn't..&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp; &quot;Shut
  up&quot;, he roared back at her. She was trembling as she saw him not sure
  what&nbsp;to&nbsp;do. He went to John and softly apologized for doubting his
  friend, she heard him promise John that he would make her pay dearly for trying
  to sabotage their friendship.  
After a moment he turned to John and said that before they left, he wanted
  to apologize for Joan by punishing her in front of John. He had the bench moved
  downward again exposing her ass and went in front of Joan. She had her head
  down, ashamed and dismayed at the same time. Did she just ruin her life by
  lying to her lover?  
&quot;Joan, as an apology to John I am going to punish you in front of him.&quot; She
  nodded her consent. &quot;I hope&nbsp;this is the beginning of a string of
  punishments that you will never forget. John, bring me the crop you recommended.&quot; John
  brought over the crop and Michael slapped it into his palm a few time. &quot;Are
  you sure this is severe enough&quot; he asked? John thought for a moment and
  then said, &quot;you know John, take a look at this&quot;, as he handed him
  the Lucite rod. &quot;You think this will do the trick&quot;?&nbsp; John smiled
  slightly and nodded.  
&quot;Well then&quot;, Michael said, &quot;since she is apologizing to you,
  why don't you do the honors?&quot; Joan looked up in horror and began to shout
  and squirm &quot;no not that&quot;, but Michael just leaned over picked up
  a gag which he unceremoniously shoved into her mouth, effectively shutting
  her up. They walked behind her and John took up the familiar position. Michael
  asked, &quot;You think four will be sufficient&quot;?&nbsp; John answered softly: &quot;No,
  Michael, three will do just nicely&quot;.  
Joan knew this was the payment, the punishment she would have to bear for
  Michael's love. For her treachery she knew she would have to suffer through&nbsp;each
  agonizing minute, but she had done wrong and now accepted this punishment.
  Her guilt was overpowering, &quot;why had she let down the man who loved her&quot;?,
  she decided then that this hard punishment was really deserved by her, and
  her suffering would lead her to love Michael even more.  
Just before the first stroke landed, she could not see that Michael gave
  John a big wink, as they silently high-fived each other, big smiles covering
  their faces.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  James Lakes


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





