BDSM Library - Passenger Train




Passenger Train
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Passenger TrainCoastal Rail was the largest railway company in North America. Its
    variety of destinations, special tours and excellent rates made it quickly
    one of the most popular vacation travel methods. Its west-coast trips were
    by far even more popular than most Caribbean cruise ship packages. Starting
    in San Diego, the train climbed its way through the mountains, down through
    the Sacramento valleys, and crept its way north along the coast. Depending
    on what side of the train in which you were seated, you could be witness
    to the endless beauty of the Pacific Ocean, or cranking your neck to glimpse
    the spectacular view of the mountains. Either way, you were treated to some
    of the most picturesque landscapes in the world.  
  After California, the train traveled north, coasting through Oregon and Washington,
  and then entered Canada by way of the British Columbia-Alberta border and the
  Rocky Mountains. Now the train heads north-west, destination: Anchorage, Alaska,
  where the train would rest overnight before making its return trip to San Diego. 
  The trip itself was worth the money. But the actual train was that of a five-star
  hotel on tracks. The dining cars had elegant black and burgundy table settings,
  the dimmed lighting and candles setting the perfect atmosphere. There were
  lounge cars, where vacationers could relax on exquisite sofas, loveseats and
  huge, throne-like chairs. The sleeping cars were even better. Each cabin was
  soundproof, and the doors and walls were thick. Each door had not only a key,
  but a six-digit password the customer had to press on the number pad while
  inserting the key into the lock. While some customers thought this was over-the-top
  and unnecessary, most carried valuable possessions and disliked taking a safe
  with them. 
  One customer, a gentleman by the name of Heath Sawyer, stayed on this train
  for the entire summer. He is a writer by profession, claiming the scenery helps
  the creative juices flow. Staff members assumed he was quite successful, since
  his penthouse-like cabin took half of an entire car. But he was a very pleasant,
  friendly man, and on a first-name basis with the entire staff, and has even
  been known to be invited to the staff cars for coffee or tea. He was an asset
  to the company as well, since his thorough knowledge of the trip was useful,
  and other customers instantly took a liking to him. 
  This trip would be special, since the trip was extended to include Colorado
  and all of Alberta. Instead of the usual layover in Alaska, the train would
  be stopped and the passengers would be checked into hotels in three different
  spots. Passengers, of course, had the option of staying on the train itself,
  although no one ever chose to do so in the past. Heath was at his best, greeting
  passengers who came on board, helping staff direct passengers to their cabins,
  and generally charming everyone who stepped on board.  
  Katrina Dubois stepped aboard and sighed heavily. She always hated going home
  to her over-bearing parents. Her father, a cut-throat lawyer in a huge firm
  in Calgary, never had time for her as a child. Her mother, a social director
  for the same law firm was the snob of the planet, and insisted her daughter
  would be a prim and proper young lady who would one day marry into another
  high-class family and take up her position as social director. Katrina had
  other ideas. 
  Katrina excelled at sports, and was on a volleyball scholarship to UCLA. On
  weekends, she competed with her best friend, Sarah, on the beach volleyball
  circuit. They had done well, and, mid-way through the season, found themselves
  in third place overall &ndash; with only 28 points separating them from the
  leaders. Katrina was a very quiet, sweet girl, but once on the court, turned
  into a determined, highly competitive volleyball demon. No hit or set was ever
  too far for her to reach, and she spent half the game diving into the sand.
  Sarah was the perfect compliment, always ready to dig or set, always encouraging,
  but equally competitive. Together, they were becoming the stars of the beach
  circuit. 
  In school, Katrina and Sarah were majoring in Sports Psychology, with a minor
  in Sports Management. They had met in class when Katrina, arriving late, scrambled
  to find a seat. Sarah quickly waved her over, and the two became fast friends.
  Now they would be taking a three-week break, as Sarah visits her family in
  New York, Katrina hers in Alberta. As Katrina waved at Sarah through the window,
  she had second thoughts. The trip was a surprise for her parents, who weren't
  expecting her until summer. But spring break was extended for her, since she
  had worked her ass off and completed four huge projects well ahead of time,
  allowing an extra couple weeks to do what she wanted. What she wanted was to
  spend this break with her parents with the hopes that they wouldn't expect
  her to spend the summer with them. She had an entire beach volleyball summer
  season to go, and hated the thought of spending it learning how to organize
  a charity ball or afternoon tea. 
  The train's whistle blew, and soon they were moving. Katrina tried to find
  her cabin, but only succeeded in bumping into someone in the hallway. "Oh!
  I'm so sorry. Excuse me." she said in her most polite tone. 
"Please, don't be sorry. I know I'm not! In fact, I hope you bump into me again
sometime!" the deep voice replied, chuckling. 
  Katrina blushed, and looked up. What met her gaze was the most beautiful, deep-blue
  pair of eyes she had ever seen. They almost looked right through her, right
  into her soul. She stepped back a bit, clutching her purse and duffel bag.
  He stood tall, and she found herself craning her neck, for he stood at least
  6'4. He had huge, broad shoulders, a strong, square jaw, a straight, long nose
  and impeccably groomed, clean-cut hair. As he smiled, she caught sight of perfect,
  white teeth and full lips. He had the ghost of facial hair, just a shade of
  gray on his jaw and just under his nose. He was probably one of the most handsome
  men she had ever seen. 
  He grinned at her again, and nodded toward her ticket. "If I may, I can show
  you where you are staying. I am quite a regular on this train, and I would
  be most certainly honored to escort such beauty to her cabin." 
  Katrina blushed and nodded, unable to speak. She timidly handed him her ticket,
  which he inspected for a brief moment and then offered his arm, encouraging
  her with his charming smile. Her face a now crimson red, she took his arm and
  let him walk her through several cars until she was in car SLP9. He led her
  down the narrow hallway, and then stopped in front of a door. 
  Katrina looked at the door, then at her ticket. Sure enough, he had led her
  right to her cabin. He picked up her duffel bag and showed her how to use the
  numbered code system. When she finally got the hang of it, he excused himself,
  and told her he hoped to see her when the dinner bell rang at 6. He opened
  her cabin door and stepped out. 
"Wait, please!" cried Katrina. "I don't even know your name! I am Katrina Dubois." she
said, extending her hand. 
"Ah, angels do have names after all," he said gently, taking her hand. "My name
is Heath Sawyer. And believe me, the pleasure of this introduction is all mine." he
almost whispered, tenderly kissing her hand. He held her hand like that for a
few seconds, then gently let it drop and then he was gone. Katrina leaned back
against the wall, fanning her face. What a man, she thought. So gentle, so handsome,
and the kind of person she could fall in love with, yet still be the kind her
mother and father would approve of. 
  Heath headed back to his cabin, which was only next door to the ravishing Katrina's.
  As he closed and locked the door behind him, he grabbed his huge suitcase from
  beneath the bed and opened it. Whips, chains, ropes, leather, gags, drugs,
  and a great number of other fun toys met his gaze. He smiled, thinking how
  wonderful Miss Dubois would look, struggling, fighting the ropes, as he takes
  her again and again. Maybe this is the one he would keep, he thought. He only
  hoped she had much more stamina than the others.   
CHAPTER 2  
Katrina entered her cabin and grinned. It was spacious and luxuriously
    decorated. Beautiful antique furniture was placed amongst a rich, ivory background.
    Tall lamps lit the room, filling it with a soft, rich glow. She flopped down
    on the bed, a modest double bed, but nonetheless soft and comfortable. She
    unpacked her things, leaving her undergarments for last. She tenderly picked
    up the satin and lace garments &ndash; the deep red satin corset with the
    black lace trim and matching garter and choker. She folded them carefully
    and laid them in the top drawer of the beautiful dark cherry wood dresser.
    Next she daintily held up her jade green bra and thong panties, matching
    garter and the silver necklace with the jade stone pendant.  
  Once everything was unpacked, Katrina decided to take a shower, and to her
  amazement and delight, found the whirlpool tub in the bathroom. She sat down
  at its edge, admiring the marble floors, until the clanging of the dinner bell
  startled her. She jumped up, freshened her make-up a bit, and quickly flung
  an evening dress on. The black, sleeveless, v-neck dress came down to mid-thigh.
  She hoped it was as elegant-looking as she had been told before, and pinned
  her hair up, allowing a few strands to cascade down her neck. She caught sight
  of the clock, and dashed out the door. 
  Heath smiled at his reflection in the mirror. His dress shirt was crisp and
  clean, freshly ironed and smelling of flowers. He checked his perfectly white
  teeth and scurried out the door. A blur of black flew past him, and when it
  slowed down, he smiled from ear to ear. Katrina, her dark hair piled on her
  head, the loose strands curling softly down her neck&hellip; ravishing. Her
  body, the very definition of seductive, was wrapped in a very flattering black
  Versace dress. Her shoes, 4" heels, held on by thin, elegant straps that made
  her feet and shapely legs even more sexy, flicked back and forth, her hips
  swaying as she skittered to the dining cars. 
"Miss Dubois!" came a loud voice. 
  Katrina whirled around. Her gaze softened into a shy smile when her gaze came
  upon the source of the voice. "Why Mr. Sawyer. I didn't see you there. How
  are you this evening?" she asked, trying desperately not to blush. 
  Heath's heart... and loins... stirred. "Ah, Miss Dubois. You are absolutely
  exquisite. May I have the pleasure of escorting you to dinner?" he asked, extending
  his arm. 
  Katrina smiled and nodded, taking his arm. As the two walked into the dining
  car, all heads turned and everyone gasped at the perfect, beautiful couple.
  Some whispers could be heard, and many smiles and nods. Heath pulled the chair
  out for her and seated her at the window. She thanked him, and as he sat down,
  he snapped his fingers, bringing forth Gerard, his favourite waiter, who immediately
  poured them some wine. 
  They, along with all of the diners, clinked glasses to toast the beginning
  of the journey. Throughout the delicious meal, Heath insisted on keeping her
  glass full of the dry wine. She giggled and thoroughly enjoyed every minute.
  He was so handsome and charming, never once faltering. She still squirmed under
  his steel-blue gaze, feeling his eyes penetrating her soul, but the wine and
  his smile soon made her at ease. 
  As they left the dining car and made their way back to the cabins, he gently
  asked her if she would accompany him to his cabin, for he wanted to show her
  something. Giggling, she accepted, and they quietly ducked into his cabin,
  closing (and locking) the door behind them. 
  Once inside, he told her to sit down in the chair and close his eyes. She giggled
  again, the wine making her half-drunk. He teased her for peaking, and gently
  put a blindfold over her eyes. Not being able to see, she waited. He approached
  very carefully, the damp rag held gently in his hand. He touched her hair,
  making her jump in surprise. Suddenly, he clamped down hard, slamming the rag
  over her nose and mouth. She gasped, her hands flying up to his, trying to
  wrench them away from her face. 
"Just breathe darling, just take a nice, deep breath and you'll feel much better." he
whispered into her ear. 
  She struggled, desperately trying to get his hands away, trying to stand, trying
  to get away. But soon she could hold her breath no longer, and her efforts
  faded. Her arms slumped, her eyes quivered, then rolled back, her lids finally
  closing. Her head fell back against him, and only then did he take the rag
  off her face. He leaned down and kissed her gently on the cheek. 
"Welcome to the Heath Express, darling." he whispered, giggling to himself before
picking her up and carrying her to his bedroom.   
CHAPTER 3  
Heath always worked like he socialized. He
    was efficient, polite, made sure everyone in the room felt tended to, and
    he was extremely fast - without anyone observing realizing just how fast. 
  Over the years on the train he had made adjustments to his cabin. The largest
  adjustments were made to the bed. As he pulled a lever underneath the foot
  of the bed, a whirring sound started, and suddenly huge brass rings were raised
  from the side bed frames to a level that met the top of the mattress. The mattress
  itself then disappeared, turning completely over, its bottom surface rotating
  to the top and settling back into the frame. Various contraptions were attached
  to the new &quot;mattress&quot;, and Heath smiled, again surprised at how quietly
  everything moved. More brass rings were pulled out of the headboard, and a
  few even fell down from the ceiling, stopped by chains just three feet above
  the bed. Finally, Heath pulled a huge trunk out from under the bed and opened
  it, his smile getting bigger by the second. 
  He lifted Katrina, who he had left on the bedroom floor, and carried her to
  the bed, laying her gently down. She didn't move an inch, the effects of the
  drug not yet worn off. Heath wasted no time, and prepared the syringe. He injected
  it into her left bicep and then got to work. She would be out for at least
  12 hours, and he needed to work fast so that he could make social appearances. 
  First he placed felt-lined steel cuffs on her wrists, and, attaching a short
  chain to them, attached the chain to the brass rings that hung from the ceiling.
  Her entire upper body was in an upright, sitting position, and feeling that
  she was secure, did the same with her ankles. This time her lower body was
  raised, but not as high as her upper body. Only her ass touched the bed. Using
  a pulley, he raised her wrists higher, until her ass was a good two feet off
  the bed. Now he could make his adjustments. He pulled back the sheet that had
  covered the firm surface and now the contraptions could be seen clearly. They
  all folded neatly into the firm mattress, but now Heath brought them out. A
  large dildo was hinged, and he swung it up, clicking it in place. Next, another
  dildo, similar in length but not shape, was swung up and clicked into place.
  Finally, two thin chains, hidden in a tiny compartment, were brought out, one
  end of each chain still attached to the bed.  
  Next he started digging around in the massive trunk. He found the gun, and,
  loading it, pressed it against her right nipple. He punched the trigger, and
  ka-chunk, her right nipple was pierced. He repeated this with the second nipple,
  and then slipped dainty white gold hoops through them. Katrina never even flinched. 
  Finally, he grabbed the numerous gags trying to decide which would be best.
  He settled on a modified ring gag. He slipped it into her mouth and buckled
  the straps around her head. Next, he slipped in and attached the large sponge
  ball inside the ring. The ball was easy to take out should her mouth need to
  be open. 
  He gently took her dress off. Usually he just sliced it open, but he really
  liked that particular dress and thus put it on a hanger and hung it up. He
  sliced through her thong, but left the corset. 
  She was almost ready, he thought. With one hand operating the pulley, he lowered
  her until her skin touched the dildos. He positioned them carefully, lubricated
  them well, and then lowered her again. The large dildo was engulfed by her
  pussy, passing through her pussy lips into the depths of darkness. The second
  one he carefully aimed at her ass. He was careful to use a generous amount
  of lubricant both on the toy and in her ass. He took his time slicking up her
  anus, running his finger up and down the crack, and in and around her hole.
  His throbbing cock ached to use that hole properly right then, but his patient
  mind knew there was more work to be done. Finally, he lowered her body a little
  more, both holes sinking around the toys. He stopped the pulley just as she
  was six or seven inches from the bed. Next, he swung her legs open, the chains
  from the ceiling following on a track like that of a hospital curtain. Once
  her legs were spread open, he quickly inspected her pussy. Shaved would not
  do, he thought, glad that he remembered to buy a waxing kit at the last stop.
  Later, he thought. Later. 
  He grabbed the delicate chains and hooked them onto the hoops that were through
  her nipples. He adjusted the slack until the chains were taut. Her erect nipples
  pulled slightly, which made his cock go crazy. With her legs spread wide and
  her wrists skyward, the picture was a beautiful one. Although she was half
  a foot off the bed, she was in a spread-eagle, sitting position, impaled on
  the toys, the chains pulling down at her nipples. He grabbed the camera, clicked
  it once, adjusted his stance, and clicked it a few more times. Always good
  to have souvenirs. 
  Just before leaving the room, he stared lovingly at the sight before him. Frowning,
  he grabbed the remote for the pulley and lowered her another two or three inches.
  There, he thought. That would be a wonderful thing to wake up to. Finally,
  he grabbed a tiny remote from the trunk, punched in a code, and left the cabin. 
  He would need to be seen and heard so that when the missing Katrina was declared
  missing, he would have numerous witnesses of his presence.   
11 hours and thirty-six minutes later, his
    remote buzzed. She was awake and moving. He punched a few numbers and smiled.   
In the room, Katrina's body was waking up,
    but her mind was still asleep. As the toys suddenly came to life, her hips
    started grinding, and into her gag she moaned. The pain was there, but it
    was distant... if only she could just get her hand working she could finish
    herself off... if she could just...   
CHAPTER 4  
Heath yawned. These dinner parties always bored
    him to death. Pleasing and charming a roomful of people was tiring, and his
    body was screaming at him to release his boredom on the young Katrina, waiting
    in his cabin. 
  Finally, the party died down, and Heath bid his ever-so-polite farewells. 
  The sight that greeted him as he entered his cabin made his cock practically
  jump out of his pants. There, before him, was a sweat-covered, trembling, cumming
  Katrina Dubois. Her muscles quivered and shook as she made her last attempts
  to grind her hips back and forth and up and down. Her shoulders and biceps
  strained in their bonds, and then she looked up and saw him, and every strain,
  every twitching muscles collapsed. 
  Heath scrambled to her side, removing the dildo carefully. He slowly lowered
  her body down until she was laying on her back. He tenderly unbuckled everything
  and removed the straps and ropes that held her tight. She was out cold, so
  he carried her to the bathroom where he lay her down gently in the tub. He
  rolled up his sleeves quickly and began sponging her down. Her eyes fluttered
  a bit, and as he leaned forward, their eyes met. There was a faint alarm in
  her eyes, but fatigue kept it merely faint. She tried to push him away and
  murmured her protest, but he just swatted her hand away and told her to shush
  and enjoy the bath.  
  He sponged her up and down, caressing her tanned skin with the warm water and
  scented bath oils. He kissed her shoulder tenderly and stroked her neck with
  the sponge. A few times he guided the sponge below the surface, rubbing her
  pussy with it over and over. He rubbed a little harder, and she moaned. 
  Finally, he stood her up, rinsed her off and carried her back to the bed, wrapped
  in a towel. He lay her gently down and dried her off. He covered her with a
  blanket after securing her wrists to the headboard and cuffing her ankles together.
  Lastly, he slipped a sponge ball in her mouth and covered her mouth with duct
  tape. Heath yawned, and flopped down into the huge reclining chair. He feel
  asleep quickly, the room suddenly quiet except for the sound of heavy, steady
  breathing.   
Heath opened his eye and grinned. His lovely
    Katrina was stirring. A minute later, she was thrashing around and screaming
    through her gag. Heath stood, stretched, and hopped on the bed, straddling
    her midsection. 
&quot;Good morning sexy.&quot; he purred. &quot;What's this? You shouldn't fight
me. Fighting will only make me angry and get you into trouble, ya know.&quot; 
  Katrina glared, her hatred and fear red-hot, her muscles working hard to lift
  him off of her. She ignored his words, and he warned her again not to fight.
  She fought even harder. 
  He hopped up and walked away from her, trying not to smile at her moan of victory.
  he opened the chest, retrieved a long whip, and walked back over to her. He
  wasted no time in snapping the whip down on her tits, striking directly on
  her pierced nipple. Katrina jumped as high as the bonds would allow, screeching
  through her gag.   
&quot;For a smart girl, you're awfully dumb.&quot; he
    sneered. &quot;Do you honestly think anything you do is going to make a difference?
    Fight all you want, your punishments will only get more severe. Lay still,
    and hey, easy access for me. Go ahead and cry, that's what the gags are for.
    And if you accept the pleasure I'll be giving you and enjoy it, the gates
    of heaven will open for you.&quot;   
&quot;Now Princess, stay still while I complete
    your punishment. Next time I tell you to do something, I expect it to be
    done. And when I remove that gag of yours, you will refer to me as either
    Sir or My Lord. Master is one I'll save after we get to know each other a
    bit better.&quot;   
With that, he cracked the whip, his smile spreading
    as the tip lands right on her clit. Tears flowed freely from her cheeks,
    and his cock was hardening by the second. He couldn't take much more of this.
    As the red marks criss-crossed her skin, he tried to decide which hole to
    use first.   
CHAPTER 5  
Katrina screamed again. The whip had criss-crossed
    her sensitive skin, leaving red sketches of the whip's landing zones. Heath
    grinned. She was tiring quickly, to no surprise to him. She had a devastatingly
    tiring previous day, and this kind of activity would cause her feisty reactions
    only for so long. Her breaths now ragged and deep, the glistening chest rising
    and falling, her eyes darting, the beautiful sound of her screams trying
    to attack through the sound barrier in her mouth. It was such a beautiful
    thing to see, Heath actually paused, his body remaining still, his cold gaze
    fixated on her, the penetrating stare moving from head to toe.   
"You have no idea how you look right now, my
    dear. Simply exquisite. Even I have no words!" he exclaimed, slowly, gently
    trailing the end of the whip over her stomach.   
He laid the whip down on the trunk near the
    bed and walked over to her. His eyes never left her, his stare feasting on
    the very sight of her, setting his already intense stare ablaze with desire.
    He unbuckled his pants and slid them down, removing his shirt in an almost
    robotic way. Katrina fought with all her strength, terrified of the wildly
    lustful look in his eyes. He was always so in control, but his eyes were
    almost neon, and one glance sent Katrina into a fit of terror. She pulled
    with her arms, kicking her legs, trying to even eat the sponge ball in her
    mouth.   
But Heath kept undressing and preparing in
    his cold, methodical way, his gaze still not leaving the sight of her body.
    When he was finally naked, he adjusted the ankle cuffs, attaching them to
    the high corners of the bed, forcing Katrina's legs upward and wide apart.
    He checked the tension and strength to make sure it would hold, then gently
    eased himself between Katrina's legs.   
Katrina froze instantly as he moved in on her,
    then renewed her thrashing around with a vengeance. Heath frowned, but remained
    where he was, and reached for one of her nipples. He pinched it, not that
    hard, but firmly, then increased the pressure steadily as she fought. Soon
    she squealed in pain, her body pausing its efforts to escape. He gently relieved
    the pressure, until once again she started thrashing. He increased the pressure
    more quickly this time, but steadily, until once again she paused her fight.
    This game of fight and pain, submission and reward continued for nearly an
    hour.   
Katrina was tiring quickly. Her efforts had
    become mere moans of protests and feeble attempts to kick. However now, as
    soon as she fought, Heath would pinch her nipple hard, causing her to scream.
    Heath leaned over her and talked softly.   
"If you fight me, you'll only receive pain.
    The more you fight, the more pain you will receive. If you don't fight me,
    only good things will happen."   
Katrina was too weak to shout out the muffled
    curses she was thinking, and instead nodded slightly, blinking in defeat.
    She made her body relax, then nearly jumped as Heath worked his tongue around
    her clit. Her hips bucked and quivered, her mid screaming for it to stop,
    her body insisting that it continue. Heath gently slid two fingers into her
    now moist pussy, increasing the assault his tongue had on her clit. Katrina
    wiggled around, until her body took over and her screams turned to moans
    of utmost desire. The fire and fury that was present before had turned into
    a hunger for satisfaction.   
"You want me inside you, Katrina dear. I know
    you do. But I won't satisfy that urge until you ask me to. Don't be afraid,
    don't fight it. Just accept what your body demands."   
Heath continued to lick and nibble at her clit,
    his fingers gently sliding in and out of her now drenched pussy. Katrina
    would come close to a climax, then would growl in frustration as Heath paused,
    letting the roaring fire between her legs settle to mere sparks, before igniting
    it again. Katrina was battling her own body for control of the situation.
    Her desire, then absolute need for release proved too strong for her. She
    started to plea through the gag.   
Heath resisted the temptation to smile at his
    victory. He leaned over her again, his fingers rubbing her clit in quick
    circles. "If you want me inside you&hellip; if you want to be released and
    allowed to finish, simply blink twice. If not, I can make this touch and
    go game last for hours and hours." 
  Katrina quickly blinked twice. Heath smiled and kissed her forehead, then moved
  forward, his fingers still on her clit. He worked the head of his cock into
  her entrance, then moved forward in one smooth motion, her drenched pussy giving
  way easily. Katrina moaned loudly, her hips rising to meet his cock. Her fingers
  clawed at the wall behind her head, her legs tensing and relaxing over and
  over, her hips bucking, her moans growing louder and louder, crying out for
  more&hellip; for faster&hellip; for harder. Heath obliged, pumping his hips
  hard and fast, burying his cock deep inside her, his fingers never leaving
  her clit, working it, until her body was almost lifting right off the bed.
  Her body shuddered and bucked everywhere all at once, then Heath felt the warm
  juices as she came hard.   
Heath increased the pace until he too had lifted
    her higher, impaling her on the explosion. He moaned loudly, then withdrew
    and laid down beside her, his fingers gently stroking her head, his voice
    low and smooth, talking to her so softly.   
"You've received your first lesson, my dear
    Katrina. If you behave, so many good things happen. If you fight, it will
    only cause you pain."   
With that, he released her from the cuffs and
    took out her gag. Too weak to walk, she was lifted and carried into the tub
    of bubbly warm water. Heath gently sponged her all over, talking to her in
    deep, soft tones, until Katrina fell asleep right in the tub, her body relaxed
    and in need of rest. He dried her off as best he could, then wrapped her
    in a blanket and took her back to the bed where he laid down with her, his
    hand stroking her head.   
He knew she would return to fighting him in
    the morning&hellip;. But for now&hellip; just for now&hellip; they would
    lay in the bed in blissful peace. He concluded that Katrina would be the
    one that didn't get away&hellip; she would be the keeper he had always dreamed
    about.   
CHAPTER 6  
Sure enough, Katrina started to wake, and Heath
    could sense the emotions going through her&hellip; at first the relaxed state
    of happiness and contentment, then came the bewilderment of remembering where
    she was, then came panic and fear, and finally, anger and rage. Immediately,
    he put the gag back in as her mouth opened to scream. He straddled her waist
    once again, leaning over to attach the cuffs to her wrists, and the cuffs
    back to the headboard.   
What a lovely sight to wake up to. Her eyes
    flashed with a mixture of fear and anger, and Heath found himself silently
    cursing the affect she had on his body. He felt himself grow hard as she
    struggled, always testing every restraint he put her in, always trying to
    find a weakness. Anything, to escape.   
"My darling, you will learn to wake up more
    easily and happily. Someday, you'll want nothing more than to wake me up
    with your lovely mouth around me. I have loads of patience, precious, loads
    of patience. So I am willing to wait for that day. In the meantime, I think
    we need something to eat, hmm?" he said as he dressed and rang the dining
    car for breakfast.   
Fifteen minutes later, the knock at door to
    the cabin announced the arrival of breakfast. He grabbed the whip and waved
    it before Katrina, ensuring her silence. He opened the door, tipped the pretty
    waitress, and grabbed the cart of food, pulling it into the bedroom. Along
    the far wall were two stuffed chairs and he pulled the cart in between them,
    opening the silver lids of the dishes. Heavenly, steaming scents wafted through
    the air, and Katrina felt her stomach ache. She hadn't eaten much the past
    few days, and she frowned as her stomach betrayed her, growling loudly.   
"Mmmmn, they make wonderful meals on this train,
    my dear, and looks and smells like today is no exception. I hope you're hungry,
    as I've ordered most of the menu here." He said, walking over to her. He
    unhooked the cuffs and left them hooked together in front of her, then helped
    her up. He guided her to a chair, even being the perfect gentleman as he
    pulled the chair out and scooted it back in for her as she sat down. Her
    eyes widened at the sight of so much wonderful food as Heath took her gag
    out.   
They ate in silence, Katrina content to eat
    and stare at anything but Heath. Heath ate carefully and slowly, watching
    her the entire time. When he did speak, she jumped, a reaction which caused
    his own body to stir. "We have a busy day ahead of us, princess. After I
    get this meal cleared away, it's play time. After that, you'll be taught
    a few lessons in obedience. If you continue to misbehave, we'll keep repeating
    the lessons. If you decide to use your brain and be a good girl, we'll have
    a nice, relaxing bath."   
Katrina frowned. She did not like any bit of
    that description of their day. She wanted nothing more than to lunge across
    the table and strangle the man who was keeping her prisoner. No amount of
    baths would ever shake the dirty feeling she had inside at his violation
    of her very inner core. He was crazy, she thought to herself, a psycho who
    gets off on her fear. She would never make it easy for him&hellip; NEVER!   
Heath did as he said, piling the dishes onto
    the cart and pushed the cart out the door, then locked the door and returned
    to her. He asked her to stand, which she predictably ignored. He sighed,
    and at first she had hoped he was giving up hope, but instead, he viciously
    grabbed her hair and dragged her over to the bed. He flipped her onto her
    stomach, then cuffed her wrists to the headboard. He grabbed some leather
    straps, and with the same cold, methodical speed, wrapped them around her
    upper leg and shin, pulling it tight so that her legs were forced to bend
    at the knee and curl under her. He repeated it with the other leg, then sat
    back, staring at her lovely, silky, inviting ass.   
He grabbed the riding crop again, and trailed
    the end down her ass, causing another fit of panic and anger from Katrina.
    She screamed into the gag, her hips bucking, her legs trying to rid themselves
    of the leather that forced them to bend. Heath remained calm and silent,
    content to trail the whip. He tired of her screaming and struggles, and her
    screams were actually louder than the CRACK! Of the whip as it hissed down
    onto her ass.   
He returned to trailing it, this time, flipping
    it around and trailing the handle of it down her crack, and around her hole.
    He smiled as she tensed, knowing she was sensing what was next. He trailed
    downward, and pushed the handle into her pussy, bringing forth a surprised
    moan from her. He pushed it in and out a few times until it was glistening
    with her excitement, then he trailed it once again to her ass, this time
    not wasting anytime, opting to push it right in.   
Katrina screamed and shook her head, renewing
    her struggling fight against the restraint. Her eyes flooded with tears as
    he pushed the handle deeper, then pulled it back again. Her hips bucked wildly,
    but still she could not rid her ass of the crop's intrusion. She screamed
    and growled, and soon found herself covered in sweat and gasping for air.
    Heath left the crop inside her ass as he grabbed a huge dildo, then rubbed
    cream all over it. It wasn't lubricant, but instead a version of IceyHot,
    meant to cool then heat sore muscles. Without missing a beat, he jammed the
    dildo into her pussy, thrusting it in and out a few times.   
At first Katrina moaned with pleasure&hellip; but
    then the cream heated up and burned, and soon she was bucking with even more
    vigor. Heath smiled as he smeared regular lubricant over his cock, then removed
    the crop and replaced it with his hard member. Katrina's mind was whirling.
    Her pussy was burning, her eyes were watering, and she felt a new, much larger
    pressure at her ass. But the burned suddenly intensified, and she bucked
    her hips, sending Heath's cock deep into her ass.   
She screamed, then felt the dildo removed,
    only to re-enter with more of the cream. The burning became unbearable, and
    Katrina bucked her hips repeatedly. Heath threw back his head with a huge
    moan as she bucked back and forth, sliding his cock in and out of her ass.
    The cream was doing the work for him, yet he needed more, and started rocking
    his hips. Katrina screamed and for a full minute, let out one steady scream.
    It only created more of a desire for Heath, who kept pumping in and out of
    her ass. She clenched down on him, but that only made it even better, and
    soon he ignored her screams and tears, and became animalistic in his thrusts,
    slamming into her ass again and again until finally, he exploded.   
As he collapsed onto the bed, leaving Katrina
    to deal with the ever-present burning in her pussy, he smiled at her and
    spanked her ass hard.   
"Let's start playtime now, shall we?" he asked
    sadistically.   
Oh god&hellip; was all Katrina could think
    as the burning increased.   
To Be Continued&hellip;  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  crimson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





