BDSM Library - The Story of Sonja




The Story of Sonja
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young 18 year old virgin Roman slave girl assassin named Sonja is sent by the lovely Empress Estella of Rome, a deadly mission to obtain a powerful amulet from the sexy and cruel witch Katana. On, her journey Sonja encounters plenty of suffering, but in the end the lovely heroine is rewarded for her efforts by the lovely Empress. THE STORY OF SONJA   
It was 4 a.m on Tuesday morning, and like every
    morning Sonja was lying on the cold floor of her cell naked except for her
    metal Chastity belt. Like clock work, Sonja was awakened by the sound of
    a female guard screaming &quot;wake up slave&quot;. Instinctively, Sonja
    assumed a kneeling position and said &quot;slave is awake Mame&quot;.Once
    she acknowledged she was awake, the guard opened her cell and laid a bowl
    of corn meal and water in front of Sonja and said &quot;You have 5 minutes-eat&quot; and
    then the guard left her cell. Although, Sonja disliked corn meal, she immediately
    started eating because she knew the guard would return in 5 minutes and flog
    her if she didn't consume every ounce of food and water laid before her.
    As, Sonja digested her nasty breakfast, she thought to herself how much she
    hated her miserable life. Sonja, was a gorgeous 5'3,18 year old slave girl,
    with soft white skin, blue eyes, soft red soft lips, beautiful long braided
    red hair, small breasts and a lovely child like body. Sonja, had been training
    to be an assassin for the Roman Empire for as long as she could remember.
    Sonja, had once been told by her Roman captor's she had been taken away from
    her parents at birth, so she could have the privilege of serving the Empire.
    Sonja's, life consisted of waking up at 4 a.m Monday Through Saturday, eating
    till 4:05 a.m, at 0405 would check to see if she ate her food, then the guard
    would remove her chastity belt(this was the only time of day it was removed)
    so could perform her bodily functions, after Sonja was done relieving herself,
    the guard would place her Chastity belt back on her, and escort her to a
    small fenced track and force her to run around the track in circles for 4
    hours(the guard would monitor her and flog her if she stopped or failed to
    maintain an adequate pace). Between, 9 a.m to 12:00 a.m Sonja would practice
    various martial arts/weapons/assassination techniques. Between, 12:15 p.m
    - 10:15 p.m, Sonja would, practice cover and concealment exercises. Essentially,
    this training taught Sonja how to remain still and quite in an area for several
    hours. To, help Sonja master this important skill, her guards would gag her
    then bind her from head to toe tightly with black leather straps, and then
    place her in a thick black leather bag. During, this ten hour period, guards
    would examine her closely, to see if she made any movement or sound and if
    she did they would punish her in various ways (such, as hitting the bag with
    a small stick or bull whip, pouring several gallons of boiling hot water
    over the bag etc). After, Sonja, finishes her cover and concealment training,
    she spends from 10:30 p.m to 1:00 a.m cleaning the prison barracks. Then,
    Sonja is washed by prison guards and allowed to sleep. On Sundays, Sonja's
    training is a little different, she is woken up at 4 a.m., then feed and
    allowed to relive herself, and then at 4:15 a.m guards gag Sonja, then tightly
    bind her from head to toe with leather straps, and put her in her leather
    bag so she can spend until 2:30 a.m Monday morning practicing her cover and
    concealment techniques(of course, Sonja is monitored during this period and
    punished for making any noises or movements). After, she is done with Sunday's
    cover and concealment training, Sonja is taken to her cell to sleep.   
Tuesday morning, began like normal for Sonja,
    after breakfast she was taken out to the track to run. About 3 hours into
    her morning run, Sonja noticed, a Roman soldiers approaching the track. As,
    she continued running she noticed the soldier speaking to the guard that
    was monitoring her. Moments later, Sonja was commanded by the guard to stop
    running, and to follow her back to the prison barracks. Once, inside the
    barracks, the guard washed her young body then dried her off and then handed
    her a black leather catsuit, and black thigh high leather boots and ordered
    her to put the items on her body(of course, the Chastity belt remained on
    her body). Once the uniform was on her, the guard bound Sonja's arms tightly
    behind her back with a leather arm sleeve and placed into a black leather
    bag like the one used in her cover and concealment training. Then the guard
    lifted Sonja over her shoulder, and carried her outside and placed her in
    a awaiting chariot. Once, Sonja was in the carriage, the chariot driver took
    her to the palace of the Empress of Rome.   
Once, the chariot arrived at the palace, a guard
    removed Sonja from the bag and brought her before the Roman Empress Estella.
    Empress Estella, was lovely 5'9 21 year old strawberry blond haired woman,
    with lovely tanned skin, green eyes and a lovely 34b-24-34 figure. &quot;Good
    morning slave&quot; Estella said politely to Sonja. Sonja, bowed and replied
    to the lovely Empress &quot;Good morning your majesty&quot;. Estella responded
    by saying &quot;Slave, you're probably wondering why you were brought before
    me, so I will tell you, I am sending you to the Ardon Forest to remove the
    Amulet of Astoria off the neck of the power witch Katana. Any questions slave&quot;?
    Sonja asked &quot;what is the Amulet of Astoria&quot;? Estella replied &quot;slave,
    it is a powerful amulet that gives Katana tremendous magical powers, in fact,
    everyday Katana wears it her powers intensify, and some day the amulet could
    make her powerful enough to unseat me from my throne, if she wanted to and
    I will not allow that. I also, want the Amulet, because it's powers will
    help me crush any one in my kingdom that poses a threat to me. You were chosen
    for this mission, because, a legend associated with the Amulet states only
    a virgin can remove the Amulet from its wearer. I am not certain what Katana
    looks like, but I've been told most witches are old and ugly. If you succeed
    in taking the Amulet off Katana's neck and bring it to me, I will reward
    you by freeing you and making you a citizen of the Roman Empire, I will also,
    give you a lovely villa, 500,000 Denarius, and I will allow you to chose
    any 2 females you want from my kingdom to be your life-long slaves. However,
    if you fail me, and walk out of the Ardon Forest without her Amulet, you
    will be taken to my dungeon and tortured and then fed alive to wolves. I
    have ordered Lieutenant Serena to escort you to the Forest, good luck&quot;.
    After she was done speaking, Estella ordered a guard standing in the room
    to escort Sonja to Lieutenant Serena that was waiting outside the palace
    next to her horse.   
After a short walk, Sonja was standing before
    Lieutenant Serena. Serena was a tall gorgeous 19 year old female Centurion
    that had long curly red hair, green eyes and a striking 34c/24/34 body. Once,
    Sonja was standing before Serena, the guard unzipped the top portion of Sonja's
    catsuit, and attached a set of teethed nipple clamps to Sonja's tiny child
    like nipples and then the guard attached a long metal leash to a small chain
    that connected both clamps together, then the guard gave the handle of the
    leash to Serena, then saluted her and left. As soon as the guard left, Serena,
    spoke to Sonja and said in very stern authoritative tone &quot;listen up
    slave, I am Lieutenant Serena, Empress Estella has ordered me to escort you
    to the Ardon Forest. You will follow behind me and my horse to this destination,
    if you fail to keep up with me or displease me, I will severely punish you
    with my bull whip or by yanking on your leash understand-slave!&quot;? Sonja,
    replied with an obedient &quot;yes Mame&quot;. Seconds later, Serena mounted
    her horse and soon both women were en route to the Arden Forest. The journey
    to the Ardon Forest, took 3 hours. During this journey, Sonja was forced
    to run at a fast pace behind Serena and her horse. Although, Sonja was used
    to running several times a week, she was not used to running with heavy thigh
    high boots, nipple clamps, an arm sleeve that bound her arms tightly behind
    her back, and a leather catsuit, so she began having trouble running. The
    item that was causing Sonja the most problems was the black leather catsuit.
    The thick leather catsuit was very hot to wear, and hard to move freely in.
    Also, the catsuit clung to her body so tightly that it caused her metal Chastity
    belt to rub up painfully against her vaginal area. Because, all of these
    factors, Sonja, had difficulty keeping up with Serena and her horse. Every
    time, Serena noticed the slave girl fall behind, she would force poor Sonja
    to keep up the pace with her by either tugging harshly on her nipple clamp
    leash or by turning her horse around and flailing Sonja harshly with her
    bull whip. Serena's, efforts to make Sonja keep up the pace were harsh but
    effective and soon both women were on the outskirts of the Ardon Forest.   
Once, they reached the forest Serena, dismounted
    her horse, then walked over to Sonja, and spoke to her in authoritative tone &quot;Listen
    up slave, we've reached the Ardon Forest, in a few moments, I am going to
    remove, your arm sleeve and nipple clamp chain, and give you items to help
    you defeat Katana, if you dare try anything stupid once I release you, I
    will immediately take you to Empress Estella's dungeon-understand?&quot; Sonja,
    replied with an obedient &quot;Yes, Mame&quot;! After, Sonja replied to her,
    Serena removed the painful nipple clamps and leather arm sleeve off of Sonja
    and handed her a small sheathed razor sharp dagger and a small metal flask
    with a powerful liquid called zlieth. Serena, told Sonja zlieth was a liquid
    that rendered a person unconscious for about 5 hours if it was placed near
    there mouth or nostrils. Sonja, put the flask with zlieth in a pocket of
    her catsuit and placed the dagger in her boots. Once, Sonja was finished
    placing the items on her body Serena told Sonja &quot;slave, I want you to
    walk into the forest now and obtain the Amulet of Astoria from Katana, if
    you dare step out of the forest without that Amulet, I will immediately take
    you to the Empress dungeon, now go!&quot;. Sonja, bowed respectively to Serena
    and began walking towards the Ardon Forest.   
As, Sonja walked towards the forest, she noticed
    the Ardon Forest appeared to be a rather dark and ominous place, and it was
    certainly not a place for a young slave girl like her to tread. But, Sonja
    had no choice, but to continue walking towards the dark forest before her,
    and hope that she was lucky enough to survive her upcoming encounter with
    the witch that was lurking some where before her. After about 30 minutes
    into her journey, Sonja came to a huge clearing in the forest that was bright
    and sunny and filled with several apple tress. Shortly, after walking around
    in the clearance, Sonja noticed a woman, wearing a black tunic picking apples
    off one of the trees. As soon as Sonja spotted the woman, she pulled out
    her dagger, and hid behind one of the trees. Sonja, carefully observed the
    woman for several minutes and noticed she was a lovely thin girl around 18
    to 20 years old, about 5'7 tall, had lovely shoulder length black hair, brown
    eyes, large breasts, and had lightly tanned skin. Sonja, determined the young
    woman was not a witch, because she had been told by the Empress most witches
    were probably old and ugly. So, Sonja, decided to place her dagger back in
    her boot, and walk up to the woman to see if she had any information to help
    her find Katana. As, soon as Sonja walked up to the woman, the black haired
    girl said in a sweet young voice &quot;good morning dear, may I help you&quot;.
    Sonja replied &quot;I am looking for a witch named Katana that lives in this
    forest&quot;. The lovely woman said &quot;I have heard of her, she lives
    in a small castle nearby, and is very cruel and dangerous, it would be best
    to avoid her&quot;. Sonja replied back to lovely in a desperate tone &quot;mame,
    I really need your help finding her, if I don't take some amulet off her
    neck, the Empress will have me tortured and fed to wolves&quot;. The woman
    replied back to Sonja in a concerned tone &quot;well dear, I don't won't
    that to happen to you, so I will help you find her, oh by the way would you
    like an apple&quot;. Sonja, politely accepted the apple from the lovely woman,
    and bit into to it. Seconds, later Sonja was laying unconscious on the ground.
    The lovely black haired woman stood over Sonja and said to herself softly
    licking her lips &quot;my your a sweet pretty little thing, I think I am
    going to take you home and break you and keep you as a pet&quot;. A few moments,
    later the lovely woman began dragging the unconscious slave girl to her castle.   
Hours later, Sonja awoke and noticed she was
    completely naked(she wasn't even wearing her Chastity belt) and hanging painfully
    by her hands that were bound by shackles that were connected to chains hanging
    from the ceiling of a small dungeon. Sonja, also soon noticed the woman she
    had met in the forest was standing before her naked and wearing a lovely
    gold amulet &quot;Hello, dear I hope you enjoyed my little sleep spell I
    placed on the apple you ate&quot; the lovely tan skinned black haired woman
    said in a sweet tone. Sonja replied back to the woman in a angry voice &quot;your
    Katana aren't you&quot;. The lovely woman nodded her head yes and walked
    up to her and slapped her in the face and said &quot;so, you came here to
    steal my Amulet&quot;? Sonja replied back to Katana &quot;please just let
    me go I didn't have any choice&quot;. Katana slapped Sonja again in the face
    again and said &quot;I don't care what your excuse is dear, you walked into
    my forest to take my Amulet away from me which is the source of all my powers.
    For that I intend to show you the consequences of upsetting me&quot;. Once,
    Katana was finished threatening her, Sonja saw the witch conjure up a table
    that had a black cauldron filled with hot coals and a metal prong on the
    top of it. Sonja then noticed, Katana grab the prong and use it to pick up
    a hot coal, and walk up to her with a sinister looking smile on her lovely
    face.   
As Katana approached her, Sonja begged the lovely
    witch not to torture her. But, Katana, ignored her lovely pleas and soon
    poor Sonja, felt the hot coal sizzling painfully against one of her tiny
    breasts. Sonja, screamed in agony as she felt the hot coal being rubbed painfully
    against her breast. Sonja was familiar to pain, and had been punished and
    whipped countless times in her life, but nothing she had ever experience
    had prepared her for the horrible sensations caused by the awful coals, burning
    and scaring her young body. For the next 3 hours, Katana rubbed the coals
    all over poor Sonja, and when she was finished there were awful burn marks
    on Sonja's breasts, thighs, legs, stomach, back, face, anus and vagina. After
    Katana was finished torturing Sonja she spoke to the horribly scared slave
    girl &quot;well dear, I think you were taught a nice lesson on the consequences
    of irritating me&quot;. Sonja replied back to the witch in a weak tone &quot;please
    just kill me&quot;. Katana smiled at the anguished slave and said &quot;that
    won't be necessary dear, my goal in punishing you with mean little coals
    was just to teach you it is not wise to upset me. You, see dear, I plan to
    keep you as my pet, and I thought it would best to teach you right away the
    pain you will receive by me when your a naughty girl and now I intend to
    heal you and show you the rewards you will receive when you are a good little
    pet&quot; After, saying that Katana snapped her fingers, and immediately
    all of the pain, and scars on Sonja's little body vanished(even the countless
    whip marks her Roman captors had inflicted on her were gone too). After,
    healing Sonja, Katana lowered the chains suspending Sonja, then the lovely
    witch freed Sonja's hands from the metal shackles connecting her to the chains
    on the ceiling, then Katana lowered Sonja onto the floor of the dungeon,
    then instructed her to spread her legs. Then Katana laid on her stomach,
    and put her face above Sonja's vaginal area and began swirling her tongue
    deliciously all over the young virgin slave girls vagina.   
After, Katana was done using her tongue to bring
    great pleasure to the young innocent slave, Katana, laid down on her back
    and ordered Sonja to use her tongue to lick her vaginal area to pleasure
    her as well. After, Sonja's tongue brought her several richly satisfying
    orgasms, Katana stood up and used her powers to conjure up a small metal
    cage, next to Sonja. After, conjuring up the cage, Katana stood over Sonja
    who was now sitting up and petted her lovely red braided hair and said lovingly &quot;my
    dear, you see dear I am not so mean, did you enjoy that as, much as I did&quot;.
    Sonja, looked up at the lovely witch that was petting her hair and said sweetly &quot;yes,
    Mame&quot;. Katana smiled at the young slave and said &quot;your such a sweet
    girl, I think you and I are going to get along nicely together. In fact that
    is why I made that little cage for you I hope you like it, I am sure you
    will enjoyed being locked in at all times except when I come down her to
    play with you and fed you now be a good girl and crawl into your cage&quot;.
    Sonja, looked at the small uncomfortable cage and pleaded &quot;please Mame
    don't put me in there&quot;. Katana slapped Sonja in the face &quot;dear,
    your being naughty again, if you don't crawl in your cage, I'll become angry
    again and have to punish you again with the coals&quot;. As soon as Katana
    threatened Sonja with the coals she noticed the lovely slave girl begin crawling
    into her cage. Once, Sonja was laying down in the cramped caged, Katana was
    about to lock the cage up and wish Sonja a good night, until she noticed
    the lovely girl didn't have a pillow to lay her head down on. Katana, was
    about to conjure up a pillow for Sonja, until she remembered she had stripped
    a leather catsuit off Sonja's unconscious body earlier, and laid it on the
    dungeon floor prior to hanging her unconscious body by shackles. Katana walked
    over to the area she had laid the catsuit down, and bent down to pick it
    up. As, Katana picked up the catsuit, she noticed a small metal flask fall
    out of a pocket of the catsuit. Katana, was curious what type of liquid was
    inside the flask, so opened the lid of the flask and smelled the liquid substance
    inside, a few seconds later the beautiful witch fell unconscious onto the
    cold dungeon floor.   
After Sonja, noticed Katana collapse, she immediately
    crawled out of her cage to investigate why the witch was laying on the floor.
    It didn't take Sonja long to determine the substance zlieth had caused Katana
    to become unconscious. Because, Sonja was told zlieth, would render Katana
    unconscious for about 5 hours, Sonja, decided to take this opportunity to
    remove the Amulet of Astoria off Katana's neck. Once the Amulet, was off
    Katana, Sonja took it and placed it around her own neck. Then, Sonja, picked
    up the black leather catsuit, put it on, and then found her boots and placed
    them on as well. After, her uniform was on, Katana, grabbed some handcuffs
    and leg irons that were laying on the dungeon floor, and placed them on Katana's
    unconscious nude body. After, placing the restraints on the lovely witch,
    Sonja dragged her out the dungeon and outside her castle.   
After, Sonja was outside Katana's castle, she
    noticed a lovely white horse that belonged to the lovely witch that was tied
    to small wooden fence. As soon as Sonja saw the lovely animal, she decided
    to ride the animal out of the Ardon Forest. So, Sonja carefully placed Katana
    on the horses back, then Sonja untied the horse from the fence then she jumped
    on the horse and sat behind the unconscious witch, and put her arms around
    her so she wouldn't fall of the horse then Sonja grabbed the reins of the
    horse, and commanded the horse to move and soon her and Katana were out of
    the Ardon Forest. As soon as Sonja was clear of the Forest she encountered
    the lovely red haired centurion Lieutenant Serena, who was waiting for her
    by her horse. Serena immediately walked up to her and said to her in a authoritative
    voice &quot;slave, I see you have a prisoner, is this Katana and do you have
    her Amulet&quot;? Sonja, replied respectfully &quot;yes, Mame this is Katana
    and I have her amulet around, let me show you&quot;. After, Sonja showed
    Serena the Amulet around her neck, saw the amulet she said &quot;very good
    slave, Empress Estella will be pleased&quot;. After, speaking to Sonja, Serena
    walked up to her horse and reached into a saddle bag and pulled out the nipple
    clamp leash she had used to escort Sonja to the Ardon Forest earlier, then
    Serena handed the nipple clamp end of the leash to Sonja, and instructed
    her to unzip the top portion of her catsuit and place the 2 metal teethed
    clamps on both of her tiny nipples. After, the painful clamps were on Sonja,
    Serena, grabbed the handle of Sonja's nipple clamp leash then mounted her
    horse then ordered Sonja to follow her to the Empress's Palace.   
It was around seven pm when Lieutenant Serena,
    Sonja, and Katana, arrived at Empress Estella's palace, as soon as they arrived,
    they were greeted by Palace guards. Serena, dismounted her horses, and immediately
    ordered the guards to remove the now conscious witch from the horse Sonja
    was ridding, and take her to the Empress's dungeon. Once, Katana was dragged
    away by the guards, Serena ordered Sonja to dismount from her horse and remove
    the painful clamps from her nipples and zip up the breast area of her catsuit
    and follow her to the Empress throne room. Once they entered the throne room,
    both women walked up to the Empress and bowed respectfully to the lovely
    blonde haired Empress. Once, the Empress acknowledged there presence, Lieutenant
    Serena said &quot;your majesty, the witch Katana is now in custody and the
    slave next to me has her Amulet around her neck&quot;. Empress Estella smiled
    to Serena and said &quot;very good Lieutenant, now leave us&quot;. The beautiful
    red haired centurion, bowed to the Empress and left the throne room. As soon
    as she left, the lovely Empress spoke to Sonja &quot;well done dear, now
    hand me the Amulet&quot;. Sonja, bowed then removed the Amulet of Astoria
    from her neck and handed it to the lovely Empress, and then bowed and stepped
    back. Once, Sonja stepped back Empress Estella told Sonja &quot;thank you,
    Sonja for bringing this Amulet to me, as promised I herby reward you for
    your efforts, by freeing you and declaring you a Roman citizen, you will
    also receive the 500,000 Denarius, and a lovely villa, and any 2 woman that
    reside in my Empire that you desire. In fact tomorrow, I will order my soldiers
    to begin rounding up females in my kingdom and bring them before you, so
    you can determine which 2 women you want as life long slave girls, do you
    have any thing you would like to say to me, dear&quot;. Sonja bowed and said
    politely &quot;your majesty, I have already chosen which 2 women I would
    like to own&quot;. After, Sonja told Estella which 2 women she wanted, the
    Empress thanked Sonja again for her efforts. Estella then spoke to a beautiful
    blond haired slave girl standing in the corner of throne room &quot;slave,
    take Sonja upstairs to the guest quarters, and see to it she gets a good
    meal, a nice bath, and a much deserved good nights rest&quot;. Once, the
    slave walked up to her, Sonja bowed to the lovely Empress and thanked her,
    then Sonja, followed the slave to the guest quarters.   
The next morning, Sonja woke up to the pleasant
    site of the lovely blonde haired slave girl bringing her breakfast in bed,
    after, Sonja finished eating the meal, the slave girl brought Sonja a lovely
    white dress and sandals. Once, Sonja was dressed, the slave girl escorted
    Sonja outside to an awaiting chariot and gave her directions to her new Villa,
    In the back of the chariot there several bags of gold, and leather reigns
    used to guide the chariot. In front of the chariot, stood Sonja's 2 new slave
    girls SERENA and KATANA that would be pulling the chariot. Both, of Sonja's
    slaves were naked and connected to the chariot by chains that were attached
    to belts on the slave girls chest, thighs, legs and waist. Also, each slave
    was gagged with strips of cloth, wearing leather arm sleeves that bound there
    arms tightly behind there back and each girl had teethed nipple clamps that
    were connected to the leather chariot reins (the slave would turn the chariot
    right if they felt a painful tug on the right nipple clamp, or left if they
    felt a painful tug on the left nipple clamp, the slave would stop the chariot
    if she felt both nipple clamps being tugged harshly). As soon, a Sonja walked
    up to the chariot she greeted her 2 new slaves, then Sonja jumped in the
    back of the chariot, grabbed the chariot reigns and then commanded her lovely
    slaves to take her to her new villa. Once, Sonja arrived at her villa, she
    painfully punished her lovely slaves and made them pleasure her, happily
    ever after-the end   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  steven


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





