BDSM Library - Accepting Who I Am




Accepting Who I Am
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Beverly goes through an emotional time of accepting who she really is, and the live style she would soon embrace.ACCEPTING WHO I AM  
BY  
Beverly Adams  
I never cared for mingling in
  a crowd of people, especially those who are drinking and loud, and when Diane
  asked me to come to a party her and Ed were having, I was hesitate to give
  her an answer. Diane is my best friend, and I didn't want to hurt her feelings,
  but at the same time I felt I owed her much. When I first came to town she
  helped me through some hard times, and she understood the things I faced when
  moving to a strange city and a new job. I had left my hometown because of several
  failed relationships, which took their toll emotionally, and I felt I needed
  to get away, maybe start over with new friends and do things to shield myself
  from all the old mistakes of the past. Since I've moved to Bridgeport, I had
  spent my nights and weekends in my apartment with my cat Oscar and curled up
  with a good book. But Diane kept the pressure on all week at work until I finally
  accepted her invitation.  
One of the reasons I dropped out
  of the dating scene, I hated the feeling I got from preparing for a date or
  a party. I would go through this ritual as if I was preparing myself to be
  sacrificed to the sex gods. I would lie in a tub of hot soapy water, using
  the wet heat to open the pores of my skin, and then I would pour rose scented
  oil onto my body, and gently massage the fragrance of the warm liquid into
  my flesh until it made me feel warm and fresh inside.  
In preparing for Diane's party
  was no different. I went to the closet, and went through looking at each dress.
  I laid each garment I chose to wear on the bed like they were royal garments
  for a queen. Out of the corner of my eye I caught the reflection of my body
  in the full-length mirror. I have always been proud of my body, and always
  felt my legs were my best assets. They were long, and when I wore spiked heels
  they looked long, firm, and sexy. I watched myself in the mirror as I slowly
  dressed. Since I planned to wear no panty hose, I slipped on a pair of lavender
  T-back panties, and a bra to match. The hem of the dress came two inches above
  my knees to accent my legs. After I got dressed, I set in front of the mirror
  and after an hour of fixing my make-up and my shoulder length red hair I headed
  off to the party.  
Diane answered the door, and it
  took me by surprise to see her in a black low cut silk blouse with no back,
  and a mini skirt that came to about mid thigh. In all the months I had known
  Diane she had never dressed in something so revealing.  
"About damn time you got here," Diane
  said, giving me a hug.  
"Sorry I'm late, the traffic was
  terrible," I replied.  
"Hey everyone this is Beverly,
  she is a friend of mine from work, and I want everyone to welcome her," Diane
  said in a loud voice.  
There were an equal number of
  men and women, and they were scattered about the large living room and each
  involved in their own private conversation. Diane took me around introducing
  me to everyone. I knew a couple from work, but most I didn't know. One couple
  that caught my attention, were a husband and wife who were dressed in black,
  and she wore a black collar around her neck, and a chrome chained leash that
  her husband held in his hand. I had never been around such strange people,
  and figured I would never fit in. It surprised me that Diane and Ed were associated
  with these people.  
"Oh, there is someone I want you
  to meet," Diane said, taking my hand.  
In front of the fireplace stood
  this incredible tall handsome man dressed in black. He wore black leather pants
  that looked as if they were painted on his body, and the outline of his thick
  cock could be easily seen pressing against the tight material. His dark hair
  came down to his shoulders, and the silk shirt was open half way down the front
  to expose his muscular chest. When he looked down at me with those green eyes
  a shiver went through my body. Something about this man reminded me of the
  dark side of life, and the feel of his eyes on my body stirred a fear of uncertainty,
  and intimidation.  
"This is Master Phoenix, he is
  a close friend of mine and Ed's," Diane said. Diane bowed her head. "Master
  this Beverly, a coworker of mine."  
"Nice to meet you little one," Phoenix
  said.  
"It's a pleasure," I replied.
  Not really knowing what to say.  
"I need to go get some things
  from the kitchen for our guest. Get to know Master Phoenix," Diane said, lowering
  her head, and backing away from Master Phoenix.  
It worried me the way Diane acted,
  and her reference to this man as Master, and the way she backed away from him.
  This was not the Diane I knew, and worked with everyday for the past several
  months. And what worried me even more was Diane leaving me alone with this
  man. Just being near this man made me nervous, and I had no idea what he was
  capable of doing. But yet at the same time I felt the excitement of flirting
  with the unknown. In his presence I could feel his need for power and control
  of the things around him. I had never sensed this of a man, and this made it
  a little frightening.  
"How long have you known Diane," Phoenix
  asked.  
I looked around to see if I could
  see Diane, but she was nowhere to be found. "Oh..ah&hellip;ah, I guess about
  a year now," I answered without looking up into his eyes. The intimidation
  of being close to this man made me feel uncomfortable, and I had to get away
  from him. "Look, I need to go to the restroom." I know I sounded rude, and
  inconsiderate, but the fear of being close to him had me rattled, and I said
  what first came to mind.  
While in the bathroom I had decided
  to leave, and I wanted to say good-by to Diane before I left. I went to the
  kitchen, but she was no place to be seen. When I came out I bumped into Jeff,
  one of the guys I knew from work.  
"Jeff, where's Diane," I asked.  
"I think her, Ed and Phoenix went
  to the Dungeon," he said.  
"The dungeon?" I asked.  
"Yeah&hellip;the basement." Jeff
  pointed to a door just inside the kitchen doorway.  
I opened the door, and started
  down the semi dark stairway. I could hear what sounded like whimpers, and someone
  in pain. My first thought was someone had fallen down the stairs, but when
  I reached the bottom, I stood in the doorway looking into the basement. My
  eyes flashed wide to see Diane's nude body shackled to the wall at the far
  end of the basement. Her hands were high above her head, and her toes barely
  touched the floor. She looked totally defenseless, and her face was marred
  with pain. Phoenix stood behind her with a crop in his hand, and his body bare
  to the waist, showing his muscular features.  
The sight before me had sent me
  into shock, and it took a moment for me to notice Ed standing to one side with
  his hand massaging his hard cock. My first impulse was run to help her, but
  I noticed even though her face was marred with pain, she had the look of lust
  in her eyes. I had heard of such things, but I had never believed people I
  knew where involved in such activities.  
"You like that don't you slut," Phoenix
  said, taking his hand to gently caress across the red welts on her pale white
  ass.  
"Yes Master Phoenix, " Diane whimpered.  
Phoenix must have sensed my presence,
  and he turned to look at me. The horror of being caught sent fear through me. "Please,
  I, I don't want to interrupt. This is none of my business."  
"Get her," ordered Phoenix.  
Before I could react, Ed came
  toward me and grabbed my wrist. "Please don't, please don't do this," I pleaded.
  I struggled to escape his grip, but I was no match against his strength.  
"Shut the fuck up slut, Master
  Phoenix will take care of you," shouted Ed.  
Phoenix un-shackled Diane, and
  her nude body collapsed to the floor. Still caught up in her lust, her hands
  went to her breast, and massaged the mounds. Diane made no attempt to protest,
  or help me in anyway. She just lay back, and slipped her hand down the front
  of her body. She spread her legs wide, and one finger slipped into her pussy,
  and started to masturbate.  
"Please don't hurt me, I beg of
  you," I cried out. The tears in my eyes blurred my vision, and my heart pounded
  with fear. This was the nightmare from hell, and I couldn't wake up.  
Ed forced my back to the wall,
  and lifted my hands above my head as Phoenix locked the shackles around my
  wrist. The more I struggled, the tighter the shackles became around my wrist.
  My mind tried to push back the panic, but I had gone past rational thought.
  The fear had taken control of my body, and survival became my basic need. No
  matter what happen, I had to find the strength to survive this nightmare.  
Phoenix pulled a dagger from his
  belt, and put it to my face. The stainless steel blade sparkled from the lights
  in the basement. My eyes got bigger, and the fear of what he planned to do
  with such a deadly weapon filled my every thought.  
"Slut, I didn't give you permission
  to come down to the dungeon," Phoenix whispered. He spoke the words with his
  face only inches from mine.  
My whole body jerked with fear,
  and my heart felt like it would explode in my chest. "Please don't hurt me,
  I will do anything you ask," I pleaded in a cracking voice.  
"Slut, I don't ask&hellip;I demand," he
  groaned.  
Phoenix took the blade of the
  dagger, and placed it at the top of the dress right beneath my throat. In one
  long motion he cut the dress from my body, and then cut the material from each
  arm to let it fall to my feet. Then he cut the thin strap between my breast,
  and the shoulder straps of the bra and pulled it from my body.  
"I like a slut with big nipples," he
  said, looking down at the mounds of my breast. He then slid the tip of the
  knife's blade over my nipple, and down to my stomach and cut my panties away.
  I knew the sparse red pubic hair did little to cover the fold of my womanhood,
  and I could feel their eyes on my crotch. I closed my eyes, and the feeling
  of humiliation mixed with fear filled every fiber of my body.  
The room had gotten quiet, and
  I opened my eyes to see Phoenix approaching me again, and he lifted a pair
  of clamps up so I can see them. The clips had sharp looking teeth, all of sudden
  it hit me what he planned to do. "Please don't, please," I pleaded. The thought
  of those on my nipples increased my fear, and I struggled against the shackles.  
"You will get use to pain slut," Phoenix
  said.  
I was no longer aware of Ed and
  Diane's presence in the room; the clamps had my full attention. He put the
  first one on, and the screeching sharp pain raced from my nipple to my brain.
  My body arched, and twisted as I screamed out in protest. He used one hand
  to press my back to the wall, and then he put the second clamp in place. I
  though I would pass out from the intense raw pain. It took a few seconds before
  my nipples became numb, and the pain become manageable. The pain made my stomach
  feel uneasy, and I struggled to take a breath so I could control my emotions.  
My eyes half closed, Master Phoenix
  pushed the flat tip of his crop between my legs, and slid the edge along the
  fold of my womanhood. The rough leather edge rubbed over my clit, and my body
  jerked from a sudden wave of pleasure that took me by surprise. The edge then
  rubbed along my pussy lips that felt more like pleasurable discomfort than
  pain. Tears filled my eyes, and trickled down my cheeks. No matter how hard
  I tired, I couldn't keep my body starting to respond to his touch. My pussy
  became wetter with each deep breath I took, and the thought of my body becoming
  more aroused horrorified me.  
Phoenix used his hands to turn
  my body so my breast pressed against the basement wall. The coolness of the
  wall felt good on my tender nipples. Phoenix then spread the cheeks of my ass,
  and then there was the pressure on my asshole.  
"No&hellip;gawd please, I've never
  let a man touch me there, Oh," I cried out. I tightly shut my eyes as the pressure
  on my asshole become more intense. A burning pain inflamed the opening as it
  gave way to the butt plug. I pressed my body against the wall in an effort
  to deal with the thickness of the hard rubber object in my ass.  
"Bitch it excites me that you
  have a virgin ass," Phoenix said.  
The first contact of the leather
  crop on my ass took me by surprise. My body twisted from the blistering pain.
  I tightly closed my eyes, and tired to push the agony from thoughts. There
  were moments I felt I would slip into unconsciousness because of the magnitude
  of pain racing through my body. I just wanted him to stop, but at the same
  time I wanted to show him I could endure his acts of pleasure. Each hit of
  the crop on my ass jarred my body, and my legs felt weak. I could no longer
  support myself, and the weight of my body hung from the shackles around my
  wrist. I could no longer feel the clamps on my nipples or the butt plug up
  my ass.  
"Lets get the bitch down," Phoenix
  ordered.  
I was barely aware of being released
  from the shackles, and placed on the floor on my hands and knees. The numbing
  feeling of my ass, and the warmth I felt inside increased the juices in my
  pussy. The passion, and the hunger mounted inside me, and the desire to have
  more of his attention increase. I wanted to be his instrument of pleasure,
  not matter what it would be. I needed him; he made me feel more alive than
  I had ever felt with another man.  
Phoenix used his hand to lift
  my head by placing two fingers under my chin. "A woman's mouth is just another
  hole for a man to relieve himself,"  
Before I could utter a word, the
  head of his massive cock pressed against my lips. He grabbed two-hand full
  of my red hair, and pulled my mouth harder against the head of his dick. The
  fragrance of his cock excited me, and the fire deep inside my body become hotter
  with each breath. No longer able resist, I opened my mouth, and. his cock slipped
  into my hot wet mouth and slam against the back of my throat. I gagged, but
  the massive size of his cock prevented me from doing anything else. He used
  his hips and his hands to move his cock in and out of my mouth. I first tried
  to resist, but had no choice but give over control to him. His thrust became
  more violent, and each thrust slammed the head of his cock back against my
  throat. My lips felt bruised, and each time he thrust his cock into my mouth
  his balls hit my chin, and his pubic area put pressure against my nose, causing
  more pain  
"Yeah bitch, I'm going to fuck
  that hole of a mouth, coat you mouth with my hot white cum" Phoenix groaned.  
Ed came up behind me, and pushed
  his hard cock against the opening of my pussy, and with one movement of his
  hips, he slipped his cock deep inside me. Each of his thrust was as violent
  as Phoenix fucking my mouth. The fire inside me became hotter and hotter with
  each thrust of their cocks. I no longer cared; I wanted to be consumed by these
  two men. I wanted them to use my body to exhaust their pleasures. Never in
  my life had I felt so alive, and felt so much like a woman.  
The only sounds in the room came
  from the moaning, and skin slapping skin. My body twisted, and moved against
  the thrusting cocks. I had never felt so much desire, and hunger to be one
  with a man. Every hole in my body was now filled with pleasure mixed with pain.
  Even the butt plug pressing on the thin skin between it and Ed's cock created
  a new sensation. I didn't want the intense pleasure that wrenched my body to
  end.  
Both men slammed their cocks deep
  inside me, and the feeling of their shafts jerking as they spewed hot cum into
  my body sent me over the edge. A large rolling wave that started at the center
  of my being rushed through my body. Master Phoenix's deflating cock muffled
  the scream of pleasure that sent me over the edge into the dark abiss. It was
  like someone had turned out the lights, and the world no longer existed.  
When I woke, for a brief moment
  I felt disoriented, and my body ached when I tired to move. "What the hell
  happened," I mumbled.  
'You had me worried sweetie," said
  Diane who set next to me with her arm around my shoulders.  
"I've got a hell of a head ache," I
  said, using my hands over my face. The touch reminding me how sore my lips
  were from the intense abuse. I had noticed Diane had put on a robe to cover
  her nakedness, and my tattered clothes lay in a pile over next to the wall. "You
  have something I can wear?"  
"Sure baby, lets go upstairs," Diane
  said.  
It took everything I could muster
  to make it up the stairs. Every joint and muscle in my body ached, and I felt
  totally drained of energy. I had to rely on Diane's strength to make it to
  the top, and into her bedroom. The people had already left, and I didn't see
  Master Phoenix or Ed around.  
"Where is everyone at," I asked
  as I set on the bed.  
"They've all gone, and Ed is driving
  Master Phoenix to the airport," she answered.  
A moment of disappointment rushed
  through me. "Where is he going?"  
"Oh he lives out of town, but
  he will be back Friday," Diane said as she picked a skirt and blouse from her
  closet.  
Diane helped me into the skirt,
  and blouse, and she combed my red hair. She put some medicine on my swollen
  lips. "You got something I can drink&hellip;my throat is dry, and my mouth
  taste terrible."  
"Sure honey, let me go get you
  something," Diane answered. She left the room, and the surroundings became
  quiet.  
Deep down I could not believe
  what I had done, and what they had done to me. Embarrassment filled my thoughts
  from the enjoyment I got from the brutal act. I didn't know if I should be
  mad at them or thank them. This would be something I would have to think through.  
After drinking a glass of water
  I headed home. I struggled to keep the thoughts of the night from my mind.
  I refused to think about it right now, I was just too tired. When I got home
  I took a bath, and just as the sun was coming up I climbed naked into bed,
  and fell asleep.  
When I woke, my eyes strained
  to penetrate the darkness. I realized I had slept through the day, and when
  I tried to get up my sore my body sent my thoughts back to the night before.
  If not for the pain, it would have felt more like a dream than reality. I rose
  up from the bed, and went to the kitchen and made a cup of coffee. I didn't
  realize how raw my throat felt until I took a sip of the hot liquid. I slipped
  on a robe, and went to the balcony with my cup of coffee. Out on the bay, boats
  and ships with their lights breaking the darkness of the night slowly made
  their way out to sea. The warm wind caressed my face, and in darkness gave
  me peace of mind.  
I knew I would have to think about
  what happen, and work out in my own mind how I would deal with it. The whole
  event was out of character for me, but at the same time I could not deny how
  turned on I got, and how hard my climax rocked my body. The idea of serving
  a Master, and being the object of his pleasure excited me. No matter how hard
  I tried, I could not make myself angry for what had happened.  
The name slut had always made
  me cringe when I heard it, and the name had the stigma of a woman that would
  fuck anything. What I had done the night before, did that make me a slut? I
  had realized things about myself I never knew, and it scared me. I discovered
  that pain with sex increases my passion, and I love being fucked by two men,
  and I learned my passion could be just as violate as theirs. The first time
  in my life I felt satisfied, and felt I reached my potential as a woman. I
  wanted to experience all life has to offer, and experience the unusual. I want
  to feel the humiliation, and the embarrassment and I want my partner to know
  I will go to any lengths to make him happy. If this meant I was a slut, then
  so be it.  
When I got to work Monday morning
  I found Diane in the break room drinking her first cup of coffee. When she
  set at the table, the skirt she wore rose up to mid thighs. My mind flashed
  back to the night at her house and the sight of her lying naked on the floor,
  and her fingers in her pussy. I shook the thought from my mind.  
"You ok, I tired to call you Saturday
  and Sunday," Diane said.  
"I wasn't answering the phone," I
  answered.  
"You want to talk about it," Diane
  asked.  
"No, I have to work this out myself," I
  said.  
"Master Phoenix is going to be
  back in town Friday," said Diane, taking a sip of her coffee as she cut her
  eyes toward me.  
"What does that have to do with
  me," I said.  
"Thought you might be interested."  
"Well I'm not, lets not talk about
  it ok, lets get to work."  
Nothing more was said the rest
  of the week. We went about our jobs like we always had, and the event had never
  happened. Friday after quitting time I went home, and nuked a TV dinner in
  the microwave, and had just set down to eat when the phone ringed. I first
  thought against answering it, but something deep inside wanted to know who
  was calling. "Hello!"  
"This is Master Phoenix, I demand
  you come to Diane's house," the familiar voice said.  
My first thoughts were to tell
  him to kiss my ass, but excitement stirred deep inside me to taste the forbidden
  fruit again. I found myself wanting to please him, and wanting to be his instrument
  of pleasure, but still I hesitated to let go and embrace that life style. The
  old teachings from my childhood of women's conduct started to slowly fade from
  my memory, and the desire to accept my new station in life as a slut becoming
  stronger.  
"Ok, I'll be there," I found myself
  saying. I no longer felt the desire to question my motives, and the intense
  desire to turn control over to Master Phoenix had taken charge.  
"Good, and don't wear no panties
  or bra, I want you completely naked under your clothes, " Phoenix order.  
I went to the bedroom, and slipped
  my panties from beneath my dress and threw them on the bed. The feel of no
  panties under my clothing excited me, and the coolness between my legs added
  to the excitement. I slipped on a pair of heels, and looked in the mirror at
  my legs, before running down to my car.  
The night traffic on the freeway
  was light, and the drive only took me twenty minutes. I sat in the car for
  a brief moment, trying to prepare myself for what I knew would soon come. The
  unknown, and the uncertainty frightened me, but at the same time it made we
  wet between the legs. I knew what ever Master Phoenix's had planned I would
  have to endure.  
I ringed the doorbell, and Diane
  opened the door. She stood in front of me naked, and with her blonde hair in
  a bun on the back of her head. Around her neck she wore a black collar with
  a studded diamond broach of the letter P on the side.  
 "Master Phoenix is waiting, and
  he said to remove you clothes," Diane said looking into my eyes.  
I removed my blouse without speaking,
  and soon I stood naked before Diane. She took me by the hand, and she led me
  down the stairs to the basement.  
Master Phoenix wore no shirt,
  exposing the muscular upper portion of his body, and the lower portion clad
  in his skintight black leather pants with knee high boots. His long wavy hair
  came down to his shoulders, and his tall stature reminded me of a Greek God
  who was served by people, and worshiped as a God. Just to gaze upon his beauty
  sent waves of wet heat through my body.  
"About fucking time you sluts
  got here," he roared.  
His anger sent a wave of concern
  through me. I had the intense desire to do whatever it took to make him happy.
  Diane dropped her knees, pulling me along with her. We both bowed our heads
  to show our respect at his flash of anger.  
Phoenix stood with the black leather-riding
  crop in his hand. Each time he slapped it to his leg, the sound of leather
  against leather echoed throughout the basement. Diane took me by the hand,
  and led me to the Master. We both got down on all fours in front of the Master
  with our asses in his direction. Diane kept a hold on my hand, and I knew the
  Master was about to show his displeasure.  
I first felt the wind from the
  crop before the leather made contact with the bare cheek of my ass. My body
  twisted in agony as my mind rushed to deal with the pain. The second kiss of
  the crop hit Diane across the ass, and I looked over at her to see her eyes
  tightly shut, and biting her lower lip. Her face became red from the struggle
  to deal with the pain that wrenched her body.  
Phoenix alternated each hit with
  the crop, giving the other the time to deal with the pain. Each swing of the
  crop brought more intense pain until it felt like hot steel pins were being
  pushed into the cheeks of my ass. My body was forced forward from the contact
  of the crop, and the urge to scream out become harder to control. My vision
  was blurred from the tears, and my body started to shake out of control. My
  ass now felt like it had been set on fire, and was burning out of control.
  Even through all the pain and agony, I could feel the juices in my pussy starting
  to flow.  
Master Phoenix took Diane by the
  hair of the head, and pulled her around until she set in front of me with her
  legs slightly open. I had no idea what he wanted to do next, but I was relieved
  he was no longer hitting me with that crop. I had no idea how much more I could
  have taken without passing out.  
"Now eat the bitch's pussy," he
  demanded.  
It took a moment for the Master's
  words to sink in, and the horror of what he demanded set off red lights and
  bells inside me. Where I came from the act of women having sex with each other
  had always been considered taboo. It was one of those things I pushed from
  my mind, and would never consider. How humiliating, and embarrassing to even
  consider doing it, let alone people watching her doing it.  
 "Please Master, don't make me
  do this, I beg you," I pleaded.  
"Slut, I didn't ask, and I didn't
  say it was open for a fucking discussion," Phoenix shouted. Phoenix grabbed
  a hand full of my red hair, and forced my face only inches from Diane's pussy. "I
  said eat her pussy, or I will beat your ass until you do!"  
The fragrance of her pussy filled
  the air around me, and something about the smell stirred my own juices. I could
  see the moistness on her pussy lips that protruded between the folds of her
  pussy. I had tasted my juices by licking my fingers after masturbating, but
  what did another woman taste like? Did she taste like me, and how would it
  feel to have my tongue deep inside her pussy? These questions excited me, and
  maybe the time had come to try the taboo.  
"I said eat her pussy slut," Phoenix
  demanded, pushing my face into Diane's crotch.  
Diane's juices coated my lips,
  and the fragrance of her womanhood had become stronger. I knew I had no choice
  but do what Master Phoenix asked, so I surrendered to the idea, and sucked
  Diane's hardening clit between my lips, and into my hot wet mouth.  
"Oh Fuck," said Diane as she lifted
  her ass up off the floor to push her pussy harder against my mouth.  
"Slut, don't you cum until I tell
  you too," Phoenix ordered.  
I looked up Diane's body, and
  seen her hands massaging her breast as I slipped my tongue deep into her pussy,
  and tasted the juices of her essence for the first time. The taste, the fact
  of my mouth was on another woman's pussy sent a wave of excitement through
  my body, and my pussy became flooded with my own juices. I hungrily worked
  my tongue in to her pussy, and then slip up to the clit to suck it into my
  mouth, and at the same time I pushed a finger into her asshole. I could feel
  my finger against my tongue through the thin piece of skin that separated her
  asshole and her pussy. I sucked harder, and thrust my tongue deeper, and her
  juices started to trickle down my face.  
I felt my pussy being pushed apart
  by an object, and sinking deeper into my body. Its massive size stretched my
  pussy lips to their capacity, and the pressure mixed with pain sent another
  wave of pleasure through my body. I found myself pushing back on the instrument
  so I could get as much of its length into my body. I slowly drifted off to
  that place where I had become one with lust, and reality no longer existed.
  My body moved out of control, and moved for its own satisfaction. I had just
  reached the edge, and Phoenix pulled the instrument from my pussy, and my face
  from between Diane's legs, and found myself next to her kneeling before the
  Master. Master Phoenix took turns thrusting his massive cocks into our mouths.  
My hands slipped between my thighs,
  and started to rub my clit. I sucked harder on his cock. I wanted his cum;
  I wanted to taste the essence of his soul. The fire inside me consumed my body,
  and my pussy felt drenched in my own juices.  
 Master Phoenix's cock jerked,
  and his cum hit Diane in the face, and put a white coat across her lips. Diane
  reached for me, pulling me closer, and pressed her cum soaked lips to mine
  in a passionate kiss to share the delicious taste of our Master. When her tongue
  touched mine, and taste of heaven reached my taste buds, a huge wave rushed
  through my body sending me over the edge. I pushed my finger deep into my pussy.
  My body jerked, and twisted from the intense climax. My mind went reeling off
  into darkness were there were no lights or sounds; just the feeling of pure
  pleasure  
It took a moment to gather my
  thoughts, and to figure out were I was, and who stood before me. I rose to
  my knees, and with my head bowed, Master Phoenix came toward me with a collar
  in his hand, and he placed it around my neck. The collar matched the one that
  Diane wore.  
"You know belong to me, and you
  will serve me, and you will please me," he spoke. Master Phoenix knelt in front
  of me. He first kissed me gently on the lips, and then kissed Diane on the
  lips.  
"Thank you Master, I hope I make
  you proud," I whispered.  
I now belong to Master Phoenix,
  and I love him with all my heart, and I will pledge my body and soul to serve
  him as my Master. The collar will be our symbol as Master and Slave, and Diane
  will be my sister, and together we will serve him with dedication and love.
  The first time in my life I feel complete, and feel like the woman I've always
  desired. I now enjoy the happiness I have hungered for in a relationship, and
  I will forever embrace the slut that dwells inside me, and I will never push
  her back into the darkness of denial. .  
THE END  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Beverly Adams


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





