BDSM Library - Sub*lime




Sub*lime
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young woman learns the ropes of BDSM from a friend, but will their play land them into serious trouble? This story attempts to explore the psychological aspects of the characters and their situations and not just their physical actions.Sub*lime  &copy;2004   
"I used
    to always catch you staring at me," my friend said casually.   
 I took a sip of the margarita I
    had ordered, gulping it nervously. Of course he had constantly caught me,
    and though my face would grow hot with embarrassment each time, he'd only
    smirk nonchalantly and continue on with his activities.   
 "I liked you, even then," I quietly
    offered.   
 He grinned. "Well&hellip; I like
    you, too. Do you like your  food  ?"   
 "It's very good. How's your shrimp?"   
 "Too bad you're allergic to them,
    they're great."   
 Returning his smile, I wondered
    where our little supper date would end up. Even though I knew it wasn't to
    be romantic, I had still done some special preparing for it. That afternoon
    I went to a local lingerie boutique to purchase some exotic underwear just
    in case we ended up together in a bedroom.   
I browsed
    the aisles for something that would flatter my body; I had been kick boxing
    for a couple of months but was still unhappy about my skinny, unshapely legs.
    I chose some black garter stockings to enhance them and a lacy red bra that
    unlatched from the front.   
I was
    near the panty rack when I noticed a mannequin wearing a dominatrix costume.
    Fascinated, I took in her leather mask, her satin bustier, tight black skirt
    with riding crop stuck into the waistband, and her thigh-high boots. I felt
    an unusual desire emanate inside of me and momentarily thought about buying
    at least the boots and crop. I licked the corners of my mouth as I continued
    to marvel at the statue. Then, instinctively, I looked to my left at a man
    in the bikini section. He was grinning sleazily at me, baring a snaggletooth,
    tobacco-stained grin. With that, I hurried to the checkout line.   
 The meal with my friend was going
    pleasantly. We talked about the same things we always did and our platonic
    honesty remained intact. I asked him, "You have any other hobbies?"   
 As he explained them to me, I studied
    his face, which was quite unremarkable. I couldn't understand why I was so
    very attracted to it. He had dark brown hair cut into a nondescript style
    and boring brown eyes that finished off his average appearance. I smiled
    again as I thought of how perfect he'd fit in the lawn care department of
    Lowe's. As he returned my grin, I wondered what his true opinion of  me   was.   
 I focused on finishing my food.
    More than his looks, though, I liked his sociable, down-to-earth personality.
    He liked to act as a teacher to those around him and had an unmistakable
    authority to him. It intrigued me. Being a teacher was like being in control
    of the person one was talking to and that was what initially turned me on
    to him. It was easy for our friendship to develop once he began to assist
    me with my tasks.   
 A couple being led into the eatery
    passed our table and as they caught sight of us, their eyes widened in momentary
    shock. I'm sure that my friend noticed it along with me.   
 He took a pregnant pause and confirmed
    my assumption by asking, "Have you ever done this type of thing before?"   
"Done
    what?"   
"You know.
    Go out somewhere with a white guy."   
I wiped
    my mouth with a paper napkin and softly said, "I've done just about everything
    there is to life at this point."   
 His eyebrows lifted. "  Every  thing?"   
 "Well, everything  vanilla  ."   
He only
    responded with his smirk. I wondered if he knew what vanilla meant in the
    context I was using it in. Soon, I'd get the answer.   
 "What about the type of women you've
    dated?" I asked.   
 "I've been pretty conservative
    in my life about that."   
 "Oh."   
 "I've had&hellip; experiences,
    though."   
 I absently stroked my bottom lip
    with my thumb and perked. I felt comfortable enough to ask, "With who?"   
 His demeanor didn't change. "A
    few black prostitutes I picked up when I was serving in the military."   
 "Really?"   
 "Yes. But they weren't anything
    special. Most of them just laid still underneath me and kept asking if I
    was almost finished."   
 "I see."   
 "It's so much better when a woman
    is with me to enjoy it, not for any other reason."   
 "That's very true."   
 He eyed me for a while, and I think
    he was being so straightforward to test me. I just suppressed a beam, enjoying
    his candor as much as a juicy piece of gossip.   
 By the time we entered his home
    that evening, the sun had all but lowered and the moon was out in the graying
    sky.   
 "Do you date a lot?" he asked,
    locking his door behind us.   
 "Not a whole lot, like once a month."   
 He prepared mugs of coffee for
    us while I looked up at the early stars from his slide door.   
 "What about relationships? Have
    you had many?"   
 I sipped the cappuccino he handed
    me. "No. The ones I've always been in have been short. And unhappy."   
 "I'm sorry to hear that. What's
    been the problem?"   
 "I don't know," I answered while
    remembering how I got no joy or real sexual satisfaction from any of them. "How
    about you?"   
 "I've had some good relationships
    over the years. When I found the kind of woman I like."   
 My cheeks warmed. I didn't think
    to ask him what kind of woman he was speaking of. I nursed my drink and mulled
    over how hard sex and relationships were for me, though I regularly ached
    for them both. I didn't think that this night we were sharing would be any
    different. I was just obsessively drawn to him and wanted to consume as much
    of him as possible, even in the ultimate way. I hoped I wouldn't get so nervous
    that I'd be uptight and not able to do or experience anything. I had drunk
    quite a bit of tequila so I was feeling bold, but I knew one frown from him
    would destroy my augmented self-confidence.   
We were
    in his home office, near his desk. He kissed me for the first time there.
    His cologne danced into my nostrils and relaxed me more. His arms were around
    my waist and my breasts squeezed against his chest. I hesitated for a second,
    drawing back, but he held me tighter and slipped his tongue inside my mouth.   
"Feels
    good?" he asked, his face but an inch from mine.   
"Yes."   
Then he
    suddenly loosened his embrace and shoved me roughly into the desk. I gaped
    at him, frozen. His expression was dark and my heart leapt curiously. I glanced
    at his front door.   
He yanked
    my shirt and bra up, then carefully bit my right nipple. I gasped while my
    hands clutched the shoulders of his shirt in case I had to keep him at bay.
    But to my relief, he remained gentle, and I found the slight pain from his
    teeth was actually making me aroused. My chest heaved as he switched to licking
    and sucking my breasts. He undid and lowered my pants and with the sight
    of my garter stockings and naked pubis, his face lit up. He propped me on
    his large desk and slid himself inside of me. I was surprised and pleased
    with how easy he pushed it in.   
He moved
    in me with good even strokes which were slow at first. I squeezed and caressed
    his smooth buttocks while feeling heat and contractions between my legs.
    Moans escaped my throat and it all caused me some embarrassment. He held
    me tightly around my shoulders and pumped away, then quickly took a hold
    of my buttocks and we thrust together until our climaxes.   
He kissed
    me once more then withdrew and untangled himself from me unceremoniously.
    He went to finish off his coffee and I was left in the office feeling spent
    but awkward. My heart was also still slamming from the initial terror of
    his mood swing. I didn't know what to do next. I felt like a slut that had
    just been fucked in a back alley.   
"Come
    sit with me," he said from his sofa.   
I rubbed
    my lips together thoughtfully and obeyed him. We lounged there together for
    a while. We watched TV. Then he said, "Come closer to me."   
 I meekly sipped from my mug and
    did so. He embraced me and drew back to press his lips to mine. I savored
    the sensation as he repeated the action again and again.   
 He cupped my rear and writhed his
    crotch into mines. Feeling his penis pulsate against me, I gripped his back
    and parted my legs more. His living room was dim and quiet except for the
    TV, and I found his couch to be quite cozy and perfect for lovemaking. But
    then he took my right hand and pulled me up and towards the back of the house.   
 Once inside his bedroom, he gave
    me a playful smack on my backside. I broke into a smile and he peeled off
    his shirt and dropped his pants. Without asking he stared into my face and
    tugged off all my clothes. I was glad that he was being aggressive, dominant,
    and take charge with me. Like the biting it was giving me a euphoric adrenaline
    rush.   
 We kissed some more in his bed.
    My heart still thumped and I felt inadequate, but thrilled. He nipped at
    my nipples again and stuck three fingers inside of me. When he attempted
    to do four, I silently stopped him. He climbed on top of me and I held onto
    him and thrust upward in pleasure with my eyes squeezed shut.   
 "Look at me," he said.   
 I made myself gaze into his face
    and it heightened my arousal. He felt larger inside of me that time. And
    he fucked me much rougher, smacking his skin into mine and knocking the headboard
    against the wall so hard that I wondered if he was  trying   to
    hurt me. When the passion was over, he rolled his body from mines and things
    were quiet for a while.   
 "You liked it when I bit you," he
    stated it in question form.   
 My eyes opened and for the first
    time I noticed that his ceiling was stucco. "You scared me half to death
    at first."   
 His voice was gentle. "I'm sorry.
    That was the was last thing I meant to do."   
 "It's okay."   
 "Did my teeth hurt?"   
 "Not too much."   
 "Did you like the pain?"   
 "It was&hellip; okay," I answered
    with carefulness. I didn't know where he was going with the conversation.   
 The fact that he had shoved me
    without reason was still on my mind, but I decided not to bring it up if
    he didn't. There was something more important that was bothering me, anyway.   
 "You know&hellip;" I started.   
 "Yeah?"   
 "I've never done this before. I
    mean, going home with a guy for the first time, and jumping into bed with
    him. This the first time I've  ever   done
    it."   
 "Why did you?"   
 "Well, we've already known each
    other for a while now. It's not like we're strangers. We're friends"   
 "That's right. So why are you explaining
    yourself?"   
"I just
    don't want you to think that I'm a slut or anything."   
"You're
    not  a   slut," he
    stroked my hair, then added, "But I wouldn't mind if you became  my   slut.
    My obedient black slut."   
He stroked
    my hair once more then laid back in bed while I digested his last words with
    a furrowed expression. Then before long I was drifting off into a light,
    brief sleep.   
   
*   
  We
    became closer over the next month. He craved intimacy and was very demanding
    of it. He often did whatever he wanted to me without asking while giving
    a pinch, nip, or shove to my body. Otherwise he'd give me orders to follow.
    I liked what he was doing and wasn't freaked out by it. I enjoyed following
    his commands, it turned me on. His treatment inspired me to one day reminisce
    to him about times I had asked past boyfriends to spank me and get kinky
    during sex.   
 "Well, I didn't ask them straight
    out," I told, "but I implied to them that it was what I wanted."   
 He peered at me with narrowed eyes. "And
    what did they do?"   
 "They didn't take me seriously
    at all. Some even laughed." I blinked my eyes impishly.   
"You&hellip; ever
    thought about  me   spanking
    you?"   
"Mmmm,
    not really."   
"Do you
    like the idea now?"   
My cheeks
    warmed and I smiled. I wouldn't look at him then.   
 "Yes or no. Does the idea turn
    you on?"   
 "&hellip;Yes."   
 He leaned back, then suddenly got
    pensive. He interlocked his fingers and was silent for long moments. I watched
    him expectantly.   
"What
    if I told you that I'm a Dom?"   
My mouth
    parted and I fumbled for words.   
"Do you
    know what that is?" he asked coolly.   
"Yes."   
"What
    is it?"   
"A&hellip; dominator."   
He smiled
    slightly. My friend was very confident, controlling, and straightforward,
    especially behind closed doors, and yet at all times there remained his easygoing,
    mentoring demeanor. Therefore I stayed relaxed, though still surprised that
    I actually knew someone who was into such a thing. I mean, spanking and pinching
    was one thing, but was he talking about extreme stuff like whips, chains,
    and piercing needles?   
"That's
    right, basically." He nodded. "Are you familiar with play?"   
"N-no,
    not personally. I've seen things on TV about it, though," I answered with
    a quick shrug to appear sophisticated.   
"Would
    you like to have a session with me?"   
 "You mean&hellip; here? Now?"   
 "Sure. I want to. And I have everything
    we need."   
 "Well, I don't know you  that   well.
    I just couldn't&hellip;"   
 He placed his hand on my knee. "You
    can trust me. I'm sane, I'm safe. I was formally trained to be a Master and
    take it very seriously."   
 I shot him a look. "Why didn't
    you tell me all this before?"   
 He stood up thoughtfully. "I didn't
    want you running away from me screaming."   
 "I wouldn't have done that."   
 "I know."   
"I'm not
    judgmental."   
 He was staring directly down at
    me and I felt the pressure to make up my mind. I looked up into his eyes.   
"What
    do you want to do to me exactly?"   
 "I'll keep it light, okay? You
    don't have to worry," he replied in a soothing voice and started massaging
    my shoulders. Warm goosebumps flooded my upper body.   
 "You've trusted me so far, haven't
    you?"   
 "Yeah," I admitted.   
 "And I mean, if I were a psychopath,
    I would've done something bad to you a long time ago. Why would I wait so
    long?"   
 I remained silent and thought that
    over. He began to fondle my nipples through my clothes. Stirring began between
    my legs as my mind was struggling with ambivalence.   
 "Let's just try it once. If you
    don't like it, I'll stop right away and we can go back to the way things
    were before this conversation, okay?"   
 He took my hand and pulled me up.
    I found myself walking with him to the bedroom. My heart was racing and stomach
    fluttering.   
"Come
    on, we'll pick out some things  together  ," he
    was saying.   
 He went into his closet and began
    laying out his equipment, which I had never seen until that time. All of
    it was high quality and I felt a little hurt that he had kept this side away
    from me. My faith in him was shaken.   
 But I continued to go along. He
    stood behind me and I felt like he was my father guiding me through something
    that was unknown but ultimately beneficial and wonderful. He chose a leather
    collar for me, a thick one that was black and had decorative steel chains
    lining it.   
 He placed it around my neck. It
    fastened just like a belt and clung to me securely. In the middle of it was
    a metal ring that he then attached a leash to. With that, I was already beginning
    to feel like his personal property. I got the same sensation as when I saw
    the dominatrix outfit in the store.   
 We looked over his collection of
    spanking tools: there were leather slappers, hand paddles, and small whips.
    He picked up a paddle that had a leopard-print surface.   
 He asked, "How about this one?
    Do you like it?"   
 I nodded. I was hesitant to counter
    him even if I didn't agree. He grazed the surface of it along the right side
    of my face while smirking.   
 "Take off your clothes."   
 I silently obeyed him and was left
    standing in my blue bra and panties. He chose a gray blindfold and placed
    it over my eyes. Sight taken away from me, my other senses got more acute
    as did my anticipation of what he'd do next.   
 The paddle brushed across my face
    again, then traveled down the middle of my chest and belly. I swallowed hard.   
 "Do you like the way it feels?" he
    asked.   
 "Yes."   
 Abruptly it smacked against my
    left buttock and I gasped as rapid stinging spread over the surface of my
    flesh.   
 "Yes, what?" he asked.   
 "Yes,   Sir  ?"   
 "Good, bitch," he praised, then
    slapped my backside once more. "And don't forget it. Now put your hands behind
    your back."   
 I waited to hear the clinking of
    handcuffs, but never did. He secured my wrists together with leather bands
    that linked with metal rings.   
That's
    when my heart started to race faster. Tethered and without my sight or hands,
    I was totally vulnerable to him. I prayed that he indeed was trustworthy
    and sound.   
"How do
    you feel being so helpless right now?" he asked.   
"Okay
    so far."   
"What's
    going through your mind, slave?"   
"I'm wondering
    what you're going to do next."   
 He tugged on the leash and I jerked
    forward. "Come sit a while."   
 As I sat in his bedroom chair I
    could hear him changing some of his clothes. I heard zippers zipping and
    laces being pulled. Then he removed the restraints from my wrists. He yanked
    on the leash and I stood up.   
 "Get on your hands and knees like
    a good bitch&hellip; Good&hellip; Now kiss my motherfucking feet."   
 I reached my hand out to find them,
    patting the floor. He yanked the leash and slapped my buttock with his bare
    palm.   
 "  With
      your lips  ."   
 I puckered them and after some
    fumbling, found one of his feet. My lips pressed against the toe of his shoe
    and discovered that he had changed out of his sneakers. I felt and smelled
    leather as I kissed both of his feet silently, feeling like an exploited
    piece of garbage. But it was vaguely gratifying me. Amazed, I tried to decipher
    why I wasn't as offended as I should've been. Meanwhile, my crotch was still
    stirring in pleasure.   
 "You like the way it tastes?" he
    asked huskily.   
 "Yes, Sir."   
 He stepped away from me and I paused;
    he tugged me towards him. I crawled to him and resumed kissing his boots.
    Again he stepped away and began to lead me around like a dog through the
    house. We came to his living room sofa.   
 He had me climb up on it. My elbows
    and knees sunk into the plushness with relief. My backside was in the air
    and facing him. He took hold of my panties and pulled them upwards so they
    acted like a thong. My cheeks fully exposed he began to lightly massage and
    caress them with his hand, then thrash them each with the paddle.   
 The burn was intense. A moan escaped
    my throat and he smacked harder as if to get a stronger response. I bit down
    on my bottom lip and relished whenever he paused to soothingly graze my buttocks
    with his fingertips.   
 "You like the way this feels, don't
    you?"   
 I winced and breathed hard. "It
    hurts."   
 He whacked harder. "This can be
    just the beginning. Do you want it to be?"   
 Right then I was smarting, but
    the punishment was still satisfying a hunger somewhere inside me. I had been
    right to ask for past spankings.   
 "Answer me, cunt."   
 "Yes. I would."   
 He hit me harder than ever before
    and I yelped out.   
 "  Yes,
      what?  "   
 "Yes,  Sir  ."   
Sub*lime- II   
*   
"I think
    I've been getting too tame with you," he was saying. He held my mask in his
    hands and peered at me.   
 "Yes, Sir."   
 He was pulling out some gadgets
    as I sat obediently in a chair and watched him. I didn't actually feel his
    domination towards me was becoming any less intense than it had ever been,
    and decided that his comments were hinting that things were to get more extreme.   
 Earlier we had been in bed together
    watching TV. I was tethered in my slave collar and was groveling to him big
    time. I nuzzled myself against him with my right arm and leg draped over
    his body. I kept caressing and kissing him, trying to get his attention.   
 But he kept watching TV and totally
    ignored me. I ran my fingers through his hair and kissed his neck. I whimpered
    with desire, needing him to acknowledge my existence. I was wearing the stainless
    steel collar he had bought that Christmas. It was heavy, but comfortable
    because of the suede lining the inside. He never let me forget that he had
    bought it especially for me and how expensive it was. I loved it, but still
    didn't cherish it as much as the first collar he had placed around my neck.   
 He dropped the black slave hood
    into my lap and told me to put it on. I slipped the leather item over my
    head. There were openings for my nostrils and a zippered slot for my mouth.
    I could see out of the eyeholes as he tightly tied the apparatus into place.
    He then secured my torso with a harness.   
 My Dom cupped my chin and lifted
    it so that I was looking up at him. He smirked at me.   
 "Now you're nothing. Do you understand
    that?"   
 I nodded demurely.   
 "You're a faceless, voiceless body.
    You're even less than a hooker, because at least a hooker has her identity.
    No,  you're   just
    an anonymous piece of black meat for me to use&hellip; to shoot my load into&hellip;"   
 I begin to feel that way; my breathing
    became quick and shallow.   
 "You don't even deserve to get
    paid like a whore does. All you're worthy of is catching cum so that it doesn't
    mess up my sheets and carpet."   
He pinched
    my right nipple hard as he said the last part. I gasped and they both came
    to life.   
 He reached over and retrieved the
    clamps. Though I enjoyed them, their presence got my heart pounding. The
    little clasps fastened onto my nipples and mashed and extended them while
    delivering a sharp, shocking pain in each. A single chain connected the two
    and he pulled on it. I moaned.   
 "Feel it?"   
 "Mmm Hmmm."   
 I knew he was pleased and I felt
    some satisfaction with that. The chair I sat in was a special one with stirrups
    set wide apart.   
I did
    what he ordered: I leaned back and placed my feet up in the stirrups, exposing
    my vulva. He bound my ankles, then restrained my wrists to shackles at the
    head of the chair. He disappeared from my view and returned with forceps
    in his hand, ready to pinch, squeeze and pull my most delicate body parts.
    I began to perspire.   
I cried
    out in agony while he put the little pliers to work. Tears moistened my eyes.   
"Who's
    your Master?" he asked, and unzipped my mouth slot.   
"You are,
    Sir."   
"Who?" He
    squeezed my  most   sensitive
    place and I shrieked.   
"You are,
    Sir! You're my Master!"   
"And who's
    my slave-bitch?"   
"I'm your
    slave-bitch, Sir."   
"Good." He
    took away the forceps to my relief. He replaced them with his stiff, sharp
    tongue, lapping at my clitoris and between my wet labia as if he was exploring
    the taste for the first time.   
He inserted
    a thick glass plug inside of me, stretching my interior uncomfortably. He
    lapped me a little more and pulled hard on the nipple chain. He was giving
    me a fusion of pain and ecstasy and I didn't know where one ended and the
    other began. I didn't moan out, though, afraid he'd stop if he knew how good
    it felt. Quickly, I climaxed hard and long-lasting.   
By the
    time I was coming down from it, he was unlacing and pulling my hood up halfway.
    He brought his face to mine and kissed my lips. He circled them with the
    tip of his tongue, and then went to free to my ankles.   
"Now&hellip; you
    know what I like," he said confidently.   
Just as
    cocksure, I kneeled down before him and looked up, seeing how erect he was.
    I leaned over and licked his boots and followed him loyally as he stepped
    away.   
He sat
    down and I kissed and licked over his chest and stomach. He took a handful
    of my shoulder-length hair and lifted his right arm up. I licked his armpit,
    smelling the faint remnants of his deodorant. He had no suntan; his skin
    was milky in comparison to my caramel complexion and because of it I felt
    his dominion over me even more despite myself.   
I took
    his hand and kissed it with much reverence then offered a meek smile, the
    type a nervous stewardess might give. "Are you ready, Sir?"   
He paused
    and said leisurely, "Not just yet."   
I went
    back to giving him a tongue bath for about ten minutes.   
"Now," he
    then replied.   
I retrieved
    his heavy, stiff penis and lapped the precum with a wide stiff tongue. My
    wet lips kissed the underside of the head then I slid the shaft in and out
    of my mouth with tight lips like it was a syrupy, melting Popsicle. I moved
    to lick the inside of his thighs then returned in between as my head bobbed
    and my arousal rekindled. The plug was still inside me and harnessed; my
    muscles contracted around it steadily.   
He grew
    larger in my mouth and my face burned with fatigue but if I stopped I'd be
    punished. He had complained about my blow jobs before. Not wanting to disappoint
    him, I sucked hard, making sure that my lips covered my teeth and that I
    ignored the gagging as he repeatedly slid down and back up my throat. My
    tongue massaged his cock and he grabbed my hair, beginning to ejaculate.   
I was
    filled with relief and pride as he filled me with cum. I tried to keep it
    all contained but stuck a cupped hand under my chin to catch what I knew
    would drip out. Sure enough about half of his salty sweet semen pooled into
    my palm, and after I swallowed what was in my mouth, I met his gaze.   
With an
    ached eyebrow he wore an expectant expression. I brought my hand up and licked
    and slurped it clean. His eyebrow lowered and I knew I was pleasing him,
    not just with my actions, but with my whole submission. I hoped I was becoming
    the obedient slut he had hoped for.   
*  
I crawled
    across the carpeted floor to retrieve a rubber ball he threw across the room.   
"That's
    right, girl, go fetch it," he encouraged.   
I took
    it between my teeth and brought it back. He was sitting in his easy chair
    with that arrogant look that warmed my senses. He tossed the ball again and
    I went for it.   
 "Faster this time&hellip; that's
    good&hellip; Now go bring your Master his favorite flogger."   
 I obeyed immediately, happy to
    be moving around since I had been motionless on my hands and knees for over
    an hour. He had been using me as a table and an ottoman, resting his ashtray
    and remote control on my back in addition to his heavy feet.   
 He took the flogger from me but
    didn't use it. His left hand was resting on his knee and I took the initiative
    to kiss it like the loving, loyal pet I was. I laid my head on his lap.   
 "Are you a good girl?" he asked.   
 I nodded and moaned for him. He
    stroked my hair and scratched my belly while I sunk to the floor and rolled
    onto my back. My eyes lowered contentedly and I tried my best not to burst
    into laughter; his fondling was tickling me. Then he scratched behind my
    right ear and that side of my upper body became alive with warm waves of
    goose pimples.   
 He smiled and brushed the flog
    tails along my body. "Go fetch my wallet."   
I brought
    it to him. I was clamping it between my lips. As I presented it to him, I
    gazed up demurely into his face. Though staring offended him, he hated when
    I avoided periodic eye contact with him.   
"We're
    going to go out for a nice walk tonight, to get some fresh air," he said
    enigmatically. "Does that sound nice?"   
"Yes,
    Sir."   
He went
    and composed an outfit for me to wear. I looked it over and wondered what
    he had in store for us so late that Saturday night.   
He drove
    out to the rough area of the city and we strolled around the blocks taking
    in the drug addicts, vagabonds, hookers, and venturous night owls shuffling
    pass us and loitering about. The midnight air was warm and electric; I was
    dazzled by the crude rainbow of red, yellow, green and white street and car
    lights enveloping us in the black atmosphere. Occasionally an automobile
    would blow its horn and whiz along the street or someone would cackle with
    laughter or bellow out to a person at the other end of the block. With night
    came a different world from the day; the rise of the moon meant the rise
    of an underworld subculture.   
 I held onto my Dom's arm while
    the tepid wind caressed my bare skin. Wearing a pair of shorts, sneakers
    without socks, and a thin, taut tee shirt I had on no underwear and my breasts
    jiggled and swayed beneath the meager fabric. We came to stop in front of
    a boarded up brownstone building. My Dom leaned against a column at the foot
    of the staircase and held me from behind.   
 "Look at that hooker," he said.   
 I visually scanned the street until
    I saw a heavyset woman with long teased red hair and a cheap dress of purple
    crushed velvet on. She had a tiny box-shaped purse on her shoulder as she
    sashayed around the corner.   
 "How do you know she's one?" I
    asked.   
 "It's obvious." He raked his fingers
    down my hair. "Do you think you're worth more than she is?"   
 "I don't know what she charges."   
 "No more than forty."   
 "But, your opinion is the only
    one that matters, Sir."   
 I knew that he was pleased with
    the response as I could sense his approval. I grinned some.   
 "Did I already mention that I'm
    getting too tame with you?"   
 "&hellip;Yes, Sir&hellip;" My smile
    faded a bit.   
As it
    did, a professional-looking man, probably leaving work after some overtime
    bookkeeping, walked down the sidewalk in a rumpled blue suit. My Dom exchanged
    greetings with him.   
 Then, to my horror, he took the
    hem of my shirt and lifted it up, exposing my breasts to the man.   
 "Doesn't this black meat look good?"   
 I don't know whose face got redder-
    mines or the man's! He kept walking past us, but turned his head back to
    gawk at us one last time. Then he was gone.   
 "Why did you do that, Sir?" I implored.   
 "Why not? You're a beautiful girl,
    and I want to show you off."   
 I was shocked speechless and overcome
    with nervous embarrassment. He took my hand and we began to walk once more.
    We stopped in front of a seedy bar and stood at a telephone booth. He was
    behind me again and I broke out into a sweat as my eyes darted. I wanted
    to object to what he had done but the words couldn't find their way out.   
 Another guy walked by us and my
    Dom lifted my shirt again.   
 "Hey, buddy&hellip; like what you
    see?"   
 The guy leered. "How much is she?"   
 "Five bucks."   
 The man broke into a dry laugh.
    I tried to keep my hot face from cracking.   
 His expression was skeptic. "Five
    bucks really?"   
 "Sure."   
 "  Ahhh&hellip;  " he
    balked with the wave of his hand and kept walking.   
 "Sir, this is kind of dangerous.
    We could&hellip; get arrested for soliciting or  some  thing."   
 He had lowered my shirt. He playfully
    squeezed on my tits like they were horns. "Relax, this is just good clean
    fun."   
 "Do you really think I'm worth
    just five dollars?"   
 "Tonight you are. Five dollars
    at the most. That'll be enough to get me some cigarettes."   
 The bar door swung open and bellowing
    Blues music escaped out of it as an inebriated patron stepped onto the sidewalk.   
 "How are you tonight?" my Dom asked
    him.   
 "Pretty good," he slurred with
    a dopey smile. He took a misstep and had to catch his footing.   
 "You want to see my bitch's rack?"   
 "Say what?"   
 "For a dollar you can see her tits."   
 The guy's smile broadened and his
    eyebrows arched high, as if he waited for the Candid Camera crew to spring
    out from behind us. Never-the-less, he dug into his pants pocket and peeled
    off a single.   
 His eyes glued to my exposed chest.
    My Dom took each tit in his hands and shook and squeezed them together.   
 The guy licked his lips and chuckled
    softly. Though I was mortified by the exposure, the knowledge that I was
    arousing him made my crotch tingle and itch with titillation. When the stranger
    was gone, I stroked myself in relief.   
 "  Slut  ." My
    Dom pushed me.   
 As he did, a patrol car rolled
    down the street and the two cops inside gave us a long stare at the stoplight.
    My Dom picked up the payphone's receiver and pretended that he was calling
    someone. I stood close to him so they wouldn't think we were up to no good.   
 
"You like being used and humiliated like a cheap, crude slut, don't you?" he
muttered to me.   
 I didn't know how to respond. I
    looked over to the patrol car again and noticed the officers had lost interest
    in us.   
 "Answer me, cunt."   
 "No, Sir."   
 "  Never   lie
    to me."   
 "It was&hellip; okay."   
 The police car rolled away and
    he slammed the receiver down. "Next time we come out here I'll have you in
    a miniskirt- got it?"   
 He continued to offer guys an eyeful
    and an occasional squeeze for a dollar, and after a while, had collected
    three more ones. He took us to a mini-mart. By then I could feel reluctant
    silky moisture on my inner thighs.   
 With the cash he bought himself
    three loose cigarettes, a Snickers bar, and some breath mints. I knew he
    had more than enough of his own money in his wallet to spend. I had the munchies
    and wished he would've bought me a snack cake or some potato chips but he
    didn't, and I was afraid to ask lest he reject me.   
 We took the long way back to his
    car. I was relieved to see that no one had stolen his hubcaps or broken in
    to get the CD player or something, especially since there was a group of
    homeless men gathered on the corner not far away.   
 We stood against the car for a
    while as he smoked and had some of his candy. Then he pulled me to him and
    began to grip my ass and writhe into my crotch in full view of the vagabonds.   
 "Please&hellip; I don't know about
    here," I said, feeling eyes on us.   
 He slapped me harshly on my backside,
    eliciting a whoop and some chortles from the crowd. "But you like being looked
    at, don't you, slut?"   
 His fingers dipped under the hem
    of my shorts and stroked my swollen lips, where there was still a little
    wetness. The discovery brought a satisfied grin to his face.   
 "Wear that black whore's pussy
    out!" was yelled to us.   
 My Dom didn't seem to have heard
    or cared about the comment. He unlocked the back door. "Get in, on your back&hellip; Now
    pull your shorts off and keep your legs up."   
 I obeyed and calmly watched him
    unzip his jeans and pull his dick out of his briefs. He had gotten hard at
    the sight of my hairy mahogany and pink vulva. He climbed into the car and
    slammed the door, locking it. Then he settled between my legs and pushed
    himself deep inside my canal on the first try.   
 As he fucked me the automobile
    began to rock and there were some more shouts from the derelict crowd.   
 "You like it, bitch?" he breathed
    out.   
 "Not with  them   out
    there."   
 My disclosure got him more passionate,
    and he began sticking his tongue into my ear and biting and sucking on my
    neck, while never losing the relentless rhythm of his hips. I could only
    enjoy it minimally, though. I stared up through the window praying that a
    cop wouldn't tap on it or shine a light through to arrest us.   
Sub*lime- Part III   
*   
My discomfort
    hadn't dissipated over the days. I silently soaped my Dom's back as he stood
    in the shower lathering his chest and stomach. The water splashed on my arms
    and face occasionally but I wasn't supposed to care about it, and didn't.
    I went to the medicine cabinet to retrieve a razor.   
I leaned
    over and began to shave his pubic hair some to make it look neater. Getting
    both sides even took a steady hand and concentration. I stepped back some
    to study my efforts, then look up to his face. "Are you pleased, Sir?"   
He looked
    down and inspected, then gazed at the full-length mirror on the opposite
    wall. He merely nodded.   
I rinsed
    the soap off of him with a spray nozzle, massaging my hand into his skin.
    I dried him with a fluffy beach towel, and slipped him into a terry cloth
    robe and slippers.   
We went
    into the bedroom and he sat back on the bed. I kneeled down before him to
    oil his body. I started at his toes, then went up to his shins and thighs
    with gentle strokes. I always took good care of him and his body. In addition
    to bathing and shaping his pubic hair, I always helped shave his face and
    had learned to comb his hair just the way he did.   
The time
    was quiet and was a perfect opportunity to voice my concern about what had
    taken place the Saturday before. I opened my mouth with glazed eyes.   
"Sir?"   
"Yes?"   
My lips
    were parted; I inhaled a bit and held my breath while struggling to speak.   
"What's
    wrong, slave?"   
"&hellip;W-when&hellip; when
    you&hellip;" I paused a second and thought deeply. "When did you first know
    that you were a Dom?"   
He grunted
    with amusement. "When I was ten years old."   
"Oh, yeah?"   
 "I tied
    up the little girl next door during a game of cops and robbers."   
"You did?"   
"I didn't
    want to untie her. She started crying. I started laughing."   
I ran
    my thumbs along his spine firmly, hoping it felt good to him.   
"That
    started it all," he said.   
"I see."   
"That's
    all you wanted to know?" he curiously asked.   
"Uh&hellip; yes,
    sir."   
I chickened
    out. I didn't want to anger or disappoint him. Our relationship was going
    sublimely since he first spanked me on his living room sofa and conflict
    would only jeopardize that. My goal was to please and not fail him. How I
    wished that I could just forever serve him the way I was doing right then.
    I really enjoyed it.   
He took
    a deep breath and let it out slowly, and I knew my actions were pleasing
    him.   
"Where's
    your collar?" he asked.   
I silently
    got up and offered it to him.   
"Put it
    on. You'll look good in it tonight." He smiled.   
I swallowed
    hard, and hesitated but complied. "We're going somewhere tonight, Sir?"   
"We'll
    take a little walk. Every bitch should have a collar on when she's being
    walked, don't you think?"   
"Um yes,
    Sir. But you know&hellip; I really don't feel like going out, if we're going
    to be doing&hellip; you know, what happened last weekend."   
He interlocked
    his fingers in a patronizing way. "Who asked what you felt like doing?"   
I stared
    at the floor and winced. "I'm just telling you how I feel. I don't think
    doing that type of thing is worth it. Please don't be mad at me for saying
    this," I almost whispered.   
"I'm not
    mad. Just insulted." He stood up. "I didn't think you were the smart-ass
    type."   
He grabbed
    my collar tight and yanked me to the floor.   
"Please,
    Sir, I'm not trying to be a-  ah  &hellip;."   
He shoved
    a neon green dildo into my mouth and strapped it stationary. My wrists were
    then tied to a beam.   
"Now you
    stay still until I decide whether or not to tear into your ass with my bullwhip."   
I breathed
    hard and uneven. My Dom didn't look too upset with me and I got the distinct
    feeling he thought we were playing a game. I yearned to talk to him, though,
    and moaned out pleadingly.   
"Get comfortable,
    meat, you'll be in that position for a long fucking time."   
I took
    a very deep, discouraged breath and went limp on exhale. The house was quiet.
    He left me in the room and I could hear him doing housework. Ironically he
    still liked such activities even with me around to order about. Constrained
    and gagged and laying back, I begin to get bored and sleepy after long minutes
    passed. My breathing slowed down and though the need to express myself was
    urgent, I drifted off to sleep.   
"  Wake
      up  ."   
I was
    slapped awake by him and untied. When I stood, joint stiffness made me limp
    behind him to the bed, where he had laid an outfit out for me. There was
    a black sequined tube top, a gold micro skirt, and black loafers on the floor.
    Again, socks and underwear weren't present.   
When we
    were ready to depart, I noticed he was wearing his knee high boots and stared
    down at them as I boldly asked, "Don't you think we stand out enough in public
    as it is?"   
He pursed
    his lips. "You're just deciding to have a field day aren't you?"   
He retrieved
    his biggest leather slapper and smacked it against the back of my thigh.
    Tears watered my eyes.   
"You disrespect
    me one more time and you won't be seeing me for at least a week."   
I gasped
    silently. The ultimate punishment, worst than any physical pain he could
    dream up for me. I lowered my head and obediently followed him though the
    front door.   
The night
    was electric as always and felt surreal. My stomach was starting to hurt,
    and I silently prayed that our trip would go as uneventful as a night of
    outside flashing and fucking could.   
"Right
    here is fine."   
We stopped
    at a green bench in front of a small park. The only other person in sight
    was inside its iron fence, a man who lurked about like a drug dealer.   
"Is that
    one of those Penny Savers?" My Dom asked while squinting towards a newsstand
    on the opposite corner. "I wouldn't mind flipping through one of those right
    now."   
Without
    needing further prompting, I stepped to head towards them but he stopped
    me. I curiously look into his face, then down at my tube top, which he took
    in his hands. He pulled down the garment.   
My mouth
    parted in horror. I threw a look to the newsstand and could've sworn that
    the distance between me and it had doubled. I squeezed together my sweaty,
    shaking palms.   
"Not one
    word," he advised me sternly. "You're going to reinforce your submission
    to me tonight."   
I didn't
    dare object. I knew he would make his earlier threat reality if I challenged
    his authority once more.  But
    what if someone saw me?   
"Don't
    fail, for your own sake," he said.   
I swallowed
    hard and turned around slowly. I launched myself forward and rushed towards
    the newspapers, which was a good thirty feet away. My knees buckled and shame
    drenched me as my tits were on display for anyone to see. And though no one
    was around to, I might as well have been walking across a soccer stadium
    crammed with ogling spectators.   
Then I
    gasped. A yellow cab darted along the intersection and I raised my arms,
    prepared to cover myself. Luckily the car was too far up to notice me. I
    resisted the temptation to look back at my Dom, wanting to appear confident
    in my willingness to please him. I was halfway to my destination.   
Then finally
    arriving there, I opened the glass door of the box and got out a paper with
    a fiercely trembling hand. I turned back around and quietly counted my footsteps
    to steady my mind. I kept my eyes on my Dom, who was glancing down at his
    shoes and examining their shine in the night glow. I was almost back, I thought
    in relief before noticing that I had caught the park lurker's attention.
    I lowered my head and continued on bravely. The sidewalk moved too slow for
    me. At last, I was staring My Dom's boots. Still looking down, I handed him
    the Penny Saver.   
"You did
    good."   
I put
    on a weak smile and waited impatiently for my top to be pulled back up.   
"  Hey,
      now  &hellip;" I heard
      a laughing voice say. I knew it was the guy in the park and his voice was
      nearer. I squeezed my eyes shut.   
"What
    do we have here?"   
"Do you
    like what you see?" My Dom asked.   
He paused
    and answered lively. "Yeah, as a matter of fact. Is she for sale?"   
My heart
    sank and jumped simultaneously when he said, "Yeah, for forty dollars. You
    can use my car up the street."   
"Sure
    thing, buddy. You're all right."   
"I know."   
 "Just
    one more thing, though&hellip;."   
I couldn't
    believe what was happening. Didn't my Dom respect my body enough not to just
    give it away carelessly to a stranger? Didn't he respect my mind enough to
    understand that I wasn't going to enjoy either the act nor the humiliation
    associated with it? I thought he at least cared for me enough to know that
    I had limitations and wanted them to be respected. I was about to be on the
    verge of tears, not knowing how the night could get worst. But then it did.   
The lurking
    stranger reached down into his shirt and pulled out a badge on a neck chain.   
"I'm a
    police officer. And you're both under arrest."   
Sub*lime- Final Part IV   
*   
"You're
    full of shit," my Dom spat skeptically.   
"No shitting," the
    cop assured.   
Then in
    a split second I was yanked forward as my Dom grabbed my wrist and decided
    to try and make a run for it.   
"  Halt!  " the
    cop barked, then said to backup, "  Guys,
    they're getting away!"   
I managed
    to pull my top back up and cradled my bouncing chest with my free arm as
    we ran for our lives.   
"I told
    you this was a  dumb   thing
    to do!" I cried.   
"  Shut
      the fuck up  ."   
My legs
    continued to pump as I heard car wheels screech behind me. An unmarked police
    car sped alongside us and its engine hummed aggressively. There was no way
    we'd get away, I miserably thought.   
"Stop
    and get on the ground," a megaphone told us.   
My Dom
    yanked me through a dark alleyway between a discount store and a Laundromat.
    We burst through on the other side and I threw a look back, seeing that detectives
    were pulling themselves out of the vehicle to run after us.   
We sprinted
    up a hill. My legs were burning and my lungs were ready to give up. I knew
    I wouldn't be able to go much longer. Images of being fingerprinted and locked
    behind a cage door flashed through my mind. And what for? All so that my
    Dom could get some cheap sleazy kicks.   
I knew
    he was exhausted, too, as we both involuntarily slowed down to a fast walk.
    We were nearing a red SUV parked on the curb. A guy was placing a large box
    inside.   
"Hey,
    where's the fire?" he called to us good-naturedly.   
He looked
    like a cross between a professional wrestler and a hippie. He had long, dry
    blond hair and a connecting beard and weighed at least 400lbs. An American
    flag-printed scarf was around his head, a leather vest on over a KISS T-shirt,
    and he wore beach trunks and dingy white sneakers.   
"We&hellip; we're
    in a hurry, to get&hellip; home," My Dom gasped, then struggled hard to swallow.
    I'm sure his throat was as bone-dry as mines.   
"You think&hellip; you
    could, give us, a lift?" He was already climbing into the back. I followed
    deep inside and doubled over, my body heaving. I wiped the sweat raining
    down my face. I was drenched in it.   
We both
    panted like dogs and coughed as the wrestler/hippie slid the door closed,
    to my sweet relief. I wondered why he was being so helpful to perfect strangers
    as he struggled to pull himself inside and plop his body behind the stirring
    wheel. When he succeeded he exhaled victoriously.   
"Hey,
    ya guys both sound parched. I got some cans of soda back there&hellip; watch
    out for the box, I got five pounds of live crabs in it."   
We gulped
    the hot, bubbly drinks down, sitting very low in the seat. It was easy to
    since we were both exhausted. The guy started his ignition and the air conditioner
    blasted us with frosty wind and I felt like I was being sanctified.   
We still
    gasped around ten minutes more. The guy was driving us down a two lane street,
    and the detective's car whizzed right by us without a clue. I took a deep
    breath, leaning my head back and resting my eyes. My hands still shook, but
    the terror and panic was departing my body.   
"So, where
    ya two headed?"   
"Home," my
    Dom replied and told him the street.   
"Sure
    thing, but first let me drop off these blue shells at my joint."   
"Thanks
    a lot, pal."   
"The name's
    Bubba Jack."   
"Wolfgang," my
    Dom lied. He didn't bother to offer a name for me, and neither did I.   
Bubba
    Jack rambled on about his motorcycle which was in the shop, then jumped around
    to the subjects of Star Trek, Stephen Hawkings, and the Illuminati ruling
    the planet.   
My Dom
    had relaxed and was participating in the conversation with amusement. I think
    he was actually giddy by the brush with the police and moreover that we had
    escaped. I rested my head in my hand, anxious to get back to the sanctum
    of home.   
But our
    new friend offered us inside his apartment for something colder to drink.
    When my Dom agreed, I prayed that he didn't have anything else outrageous
    in mind.   
"Does
    your companion talk?" Bubba Jack asked him.   
My Dom
    took a long gulp of his wine cooler. "When I tell her to."   
I sat
    next to him demurely on a red couch as dingy as Bubba's shoes. He smiled,
    speaking as if I wasn't even present.   
"So&hellip; are
    you her pimp?"   
"Master."   
Bubba
    leaned his head to the side curiously. I darted my eyes around his crummy
    little place, filled with magazines and dusty books. A tank was in the corner
    with fish that didn't move. I cut my gaze away from it.   
"Master?
    How's that?"   
"She's
    my property, my piece of meat. Isn't that right?"   
"Yes,
    Sir." I nodded.   
"No fooling?
    So- she does everything ya tell her to?"   
"Everything." He
    removed the leather slapper from his waistband.   
"Swallow?"   
"Swallow,
    rim, you name it."   
A look
    of wonder and awe swept over his pudgy pale face. "God, did ya take a time
    machine back a couple of centuries? Where do I find one of those?"   
My Dom
    only smiled and gulped more of his drink thirstily.   
"And,
    uh, you guys had to run from the cops because you were pimping her?"   
Still
    he didn't answer.   
"I mean
    it's okay if ya were," Bubba quickly said. His eyes then scanned over my
    flesh nervously, and the hot soda and wine cooler started to toss and churned
    around in my stomach.   
"She's
    not for sale," my Dom calmly explained, and my furrowed expression melted.
    I wanted to throw my arms around him and kiss his cheeks many times.   
"So what
    were your running from? You pull a scam on someone out there?"   
"We were
    in the wrong place at the wrong time."   
"Look,
    I have three hundred dollars." Bubba stood up as if he were going to search
    for it. "I just need a woman,  any   woman,
    I don't care. I don't have the guts to blow my horn at a streetwalker, much
    less talk to normal woman. I just need someone&hellip; Even for one night."   
Me and
    my Dom exchanged apprehensive stares. Bubba was turning out to be neurotic
    and weirder than I first thought. My Dom slid himself to the edge of his
    seat, preparing to stand.   
"Look,
    she's  my   property.
    And she doesn't fuck for money, only for me.  Me  ,
    and no other man."   
Bubba
    seemed to have retrieved the money.   
"I really
    hate that you said that."   
He pulled
    his hand out of a side table drawer but instead of green paper I found myself
    staring at silver metal. My jaw dropped when I realized he was aiming a gun
    at us.   
*   
"Oh, God," I
    moaned under my breath. What a nightmare this escapade was turning out to
    be.   
My Dom
    shot to his feet. "Just what do you want?"   
"Stay
    right where you are, Boots, and ya won't get hurt."   
"  Answer   my  fucking   question."   
"Okay.
    I want your piece of meat. I told ya," his voice was soft. "I'd pay. And
    I mean that."   
"You think
    I need your goddamn money?"   
"I don't
    know. But I need your girl. And that's what I'm going to have."   
My Dom
    looked disgusted. I glared at him, and had begun trembling again. I didn't
    know which one I despised more right then, that desperate, obese kook or "Wolfgang".   
"You use
    that thing on her?" Bubba eyed the slapper.   
"I own
    it, don't I? I use it."   
"Well&hellip; use
    it on her now, if you don't mind&hellip;"   
"Wolfgang" then
    gave me a look and saw my scowl aimed at him. He sadly lowered his eyes and,
    with the gun aimed at him, moved towards me.   
"Do what
    ya two normally do," Bubba said.   
Like my
    Dom, I had no choice but to comply. Standing to my feet, I turned away from
    him and he lifted my little skirt up and bent me over a little on the couch.
    He smacked my ass with the slapper without passion or enthusiasm, and I knew
    he was hating this as much as me.   
"It's
    unbelievable that people actually get off on this type of thing," Bubba marveled.   
My Dom
    took it upon himself to stop. He lowered my skirt soberly.   
"Hey,
    I'd like to try that. Tie her hands up. Here, there's some twine in the drawer."   
He reluctantly
    retrieved it and I placed my hands behind my back. He tied my wrists together
    then on Bubba's instructions I sat back down and "Wolfgang" started to secure
    my ankles together. Bubba intervened.   
"No, I
    forgot, that would be dumb, wouldn't it? No, you just put your hands behind
    your back so I can tie  you   up."   
My Dom
    did so, and Bubba waddled to grab more twine. It was horrible enough this
    guy was going to assault me; the thought of seeing my Dom being dominated-
    and by another guy at that- would be unbearable for me. Tears ran down my
    face.   
He said
    to Bubba, "This is really fucked up what you're trying to do."   
The guy
    blushed deeply. "I'm not a bad person, really. Try to understand. And don't
    worry, I'm not going to make you watch us&hellip;"   
Bubba
    stood behind him with the thin rope. Needing both his hands free to use it,
    he placed his gun in his waistband. The second after he did my Dom spun around
    and grabbed it. I screamed. Bubba tried to pry the weapon away and the two
    struggled together like bulls locked at the horns.   
I wriggled
    to pull myself loose and help, but damn Wolfgang, he tied an excellent knot.
    Bubba was gasping for breath and glistening with sweat, ready to collapse
    only after a minute. My Dom easily took control of the gun and walloped him
    across the face with it. Bubba shrieked like a schoolgirl cupped his nose.   
Then the
    detectives burst through the front door and began firing their weapons, spraying
    all three of us with large-caliber bullets. The pain of each tearing into
    my flesh was excruciating and I screamed and bawled until I was piercing
    my own eardrums with my voice.   
*   
I lurched
    upward with a cry and realized that I was no longer on the stranger's couch,
    or even in his living room. There was no blood oozing from wounds in my body.
    No cops in the door way or fallen bodies laying at my feet; no Bubba Jack.   
Finally
    realizing I had been dreaming the whole thing, I scanned my surroundings.
    My Dom was lying next to me lightly snoring. My garter stockings were twisted
    around on my legs, and my lacy red bra that unclasped from the front was
    strewn on his chair. Seeing that, stark disappointment struck me.   
None of
    it had really happened.  Everything   had
    been a dream since the night of our supper date; our entire relationship
    and all he had taught me through domination had just been a product of my
    hyper-sexual subconscious. I choked out a disappointed sob and resentful
    tears swelled in my eyes. I felt cheated.   
After
    a few moments of depression, I swallowed the huge lump in my throat and decided
    to lighten up. The date had gone very good, after all, and the sex was even
    better. It wasn't the end of the world. And maybe&hellip; just maybe my friend
    would be willing to explore my newfound desires with me. He  had   in
    fact pushed and bitten me, which was an interesting sign.  That   had
    been real.   
I sat
    up to go get my half-drank cappuccino from the living room.   
"Where
    are you going? I mean, like, you still owe me three hundred dollars worth
    of fucking."   
I shot
    a look towards the familiar voice and saw Bubba Jack's enormous silhouette
    standing at the foot of the bed, before the window.   
"  What-  " And
    I yelled out in horror.   
"Why do
    you keep screaming for?" My friend uttered with irritation, and tossed himself
    over, slapping his pillow.   
My eyes
    flung open, and I stayed perfectly still for about half a minute, until I
    was sure that I wasn't dreaming that time. Satisfied that I was awake, I
    was relieved to understand what was really going on. I wondered how long
    I had been tied to the beam asleep. My lips were chapped and abundant saliva
    had gathered in my mouth where the dildo was stuffed. My limbs had fallen
    asleep and my right buttock was numb. I called out to my Dom by moaning loudly
    in pain.   
He came
    into the room, wiping his hands on a dishtowel. He wore a smirk. "Learn your
    lesson?"   
"  Mmmmmm  &hellip; Mmmm  mmmm  ."   
He removed
    the gag. My jaw cracked and was sore as I spoke. "Sir, I can't go out with
    you tonight, please understand my feelings. I'm not being a smart ass. I'm
    talking to you as a person, not a sub, and I'm asking you to listen the same
    way. Please don't expose me anymore to strangers."   
He stood
    and frowned curiously. I could see that he was taking me seriously then. "What's
    wrong?"   
"I don't
    like it. It scares me a whole lot. We could get arrested, or run across some
    sexual sociopath, or offend someone who might try to put us in our place
    or something like that and I just feel if we can prevent things like that
    from happening to us we should." The words tumbled from my mouth and I had
    to take a deep breath when I was done.   
The nightmares
    I had awakened from had alarmed me a great deal, and I was still feeling
    the effects of them. It gave me the courage to speak my mind without caring
    about jeopardizing things with him.   
After
    a few moments of staring silence, he said to me, "Relax. If you get that
    stressed out about it, we won't do it anymore."   
"We won't?" My
    eyebrows arched high.   
"No, we
    won't."   
My mouth
    was parted as I continued to look at him. He must've known how hard I found
    his conceding because of what he said next.   
"Listen,
    I take pride in being a good Dom. A big part of that is respecting a sub's
    limitations. We tried something, you despise it, so we can move on and focus
    on the things we both can enjoy together. You got that?"   
I felt
    serenity then. "Yes, Sir."   
"Now&hellip; is
    there anything else?"   
"Yes,
    Sir. Do you know any men named Bubba?"   
He snickered. "I
    don't think I will  ever   know
    any man named Bubba."   
The energy
    between us became filled with mirth. He ushered me up and secured me in the
    bondage chair. He began to light small candles, and picked up his set of
    forceps, all for some great one-on-one play, in  private  .   
The End   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Girl


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





