BDSM Library - Fairytale: The Goose Girl




Fairytale: The Goose Girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: My version of the classic fairytale about a maid who subjugates and impersonates a princess. Focuses primarily on what drove the maid to do that.
The Goose Girl

	Once upon a time in a land far away, there lived a beautiful princess.
She was the most beautiful maiden in the land and the sweetest. Or so everyone
who ate her pussy said. Her mother, the queen, loved her so much that she
allowed the princess things usually forbidden to princesses back then. Sex was
one of these things. Now while the princess's pussy was kept virginal for her
future prince, that didn't mean she didn't get to enjoy cunnilingus and anal
sex. The queen herself had selected and trained the maidservant whose duty it
was to sexually service the princess.

	When the queen began to notice the lust-filled looks her daughter cast
at the muscular stable-boys, she knew something must be done before hormones
caused the princess to throw away her precious royal hymen. A girl as beautiful
as the princess couldn't be expected to remain unsatisfied until her marriage
years from now. Then the queen had a brilliant idea. Why not make sure the
princess had as many orgasms as she could want while keeping her pussy virgin?
Get someone to eat her pussy on a regular basis! Hmm, the marquis she'd fucked
last month was handsome, young and a good pussy-eater. But could a man, any man,
really be counted on not to fuck the princess's tight young pussy? Then the
queen had her second brilliant idea of the day. Get a woman to do it!

	Now, how could she find the right woman for the job? A servant would be
best, since she wouldn't try to get important favors out of the princess and she
could be there with the princess all day and night. But which servant? Obviously
a young and beautiful servant. Ah, the queen's new personal maid was completely
inept at being a lady's maid but perhaps she would be a better pussy-eater. The
queen went to her room, where her maid was preparing her outfit for tonight's
dinner. The queen locked the door. "You, girl, I have decided to reassign you!"
She barked at the timid young maid.

	"Your majesty, please, I'll be good. I'll get better, you'll see." The
maid begged for her job, which was the most prestigious job a palace servant
could have.

	"No, my mind is made up. Stop your whinning, girl. You are to be the
princess's new very personal maid but you will require retraining."

	"Oh, thank you, your majesty, thank you! Thank.." The maid bowed,
relieved at not being demoted that far down.

	"Stop babbling. I will personally train you for my daughter." The queen
sat at the edge of her bed and pulled up the layers of her petticoats and gown.
"Come here." The maid obeyed. The queen spread her legs. "Kneel." Puzzled, the
maid again obeyed her queen. "Now, girl, I want you to lick my pussy." The queen
commanded.

	The maid had been around the block quite a few times so she knew what
pussy-licking was. She'd never heard of woman licking another woman, but the
queen had issued a command and the queen must always be obeyed  - that was life
in an ancient fairy kingdom. So the maid wedged her head between the queen's
thighs and hesitantly began licking. The queen moaned and grabbed the maid's
long auburn hair.

	"Oooh, no, not the clit right away. Silly girl, nibble my pussy lips
first and stick your tongue in it. The clit comes last. Yes, yes, suck it. Take
my clit in your mouth and suck it like you'd suck a cock. I bet you've sucked a
thousand cocks, you dirty little slut, all you maids have." The queen shouted,
pulling and twisting the maid's hair. The maid couldn't reply but mentally she
protested - she'd only sucked twenty cocks, that was a far cry from a thousand!
At last the queen came. She shoved the maid's head deeper between her thighs and
smeared the maid's face in her pussy juices. Then she kicked the maid away and
got up. "Yes, well, that was a fairly decent job. But my daughter's pussy-eater
must be the best. Nothing but the best for my daughter! You'll practice everyday
until I deem you ready, of course. Practice makes perfect!"

	"Your majesty, must I do this everyday?" The maid asked, swiping her
face with the bottom of her plain gown.

	"This and much more. Now, take off your clothes." The queen began
removing her own clothes. The maid slowly stripped. The nude queen examined
every inch of the maid's body. She cupped and squeezed her breasts. She caressed
her belly and thighs. She ran a finger between her ass-cheeks then slapped her
pale ass to give it some color. She pushed the maid unto the bed. Without being
told, the maid spread her legs wide. The queen held her pussy lips apart, one in
each hand, and studied her pussy critically. The queen briefly wondered how it
would taste, but quickly decided that it would be unseemly for a queen to lick a
maid's pussy. Instead, she began to stroke the maid's clit with the same
constant motion until the maid approached orgasm and clamped her legs around the
queen. The queen was outraged!

	"You rude wench! How dare you!" The queen flew to her dresser to get her
hairbrush. "Turn over, stupid girl." The maid fearfully obeyed. The queen raised
the silver hairbrush and dropped it down onto the maid's plump ass with all her
strength. Luckily for the maid, the queen didn't do much all day and therefore
wasn't very strong. Still, it hurt and the maid cried aloud. The queen spanked
her five more strokes then ran the bristles of the brush across her sensitive
ass. Then more spanking and more scraping with the bristles. This continued
until the queen grew bored. She used her own expensive silk ribbons to tie the
maid spread-eagel to the bed. Then she resumed teasing the maid's clit. Again,
just as the maid was about to come, she stopped. Instead, she began playing with
the maid's ample breasts. She slapped them, squeezed them, and pinched them. She
thought about biting them but decided a maid's tit for not good enough for a
queen's mouth. She ran the bristles along the soft tit tissue, causing the maid
to squeal and whimper. Finally, she returned to stroking the maid's clit. This
time she inserted the handle of the hairbrush into the maid's pussy. Stroke then
thrust the handle in and out a few time. Then repeat. When the maid finally
came, she screamed loudly enough to be heard through the heavy wooden door of
the queen's room.

	From that day, the maid spent at least two hours each day servcing the
queen. The queen realized that the maid needed to eat more pussies than only
hers in order to become the best. So she summoned all the female servants to her
room, one per day, and made them submit their pussies to her maid's mouth.
Because it entertained her, she also forced the maid to suck the big cocks of
the stable boys then rode them without allowing the maid to get her pussy
fucked. Finally, the maid was ready to service her precious princess.

	The queen took the maid to her daughter's room when she knew the
princess would be bathing. "My dear, I have brought you a new personal maid. She
was trained specially to suit your needs."

	"Thank you, mother." The princess was young and horny all the time so
she had a dirty mind. Trained to suit my needs, indeed, the princess thought. If
only! Little did she know that her hope was about to be fulfilled.

	The queen sent the princess's old maid from the room. "Dear, the new
maid will help you bathe. I want to hear your evaluation of her performance
tomorrow."

	The queen's departure was the maid's cue to assist the princess. The
princess stood and stepped out of the tub. She waited for the maid to dry her
skin. The maid took the soft velvet towel and gently patted the princess's skin.
She paid special attention to the princess's breasts, moving the towel in small
circles, applying more pressure. She dropped to her knees and held the
princess's thighs in each hand. "I know this region is hard to clean, let me
help." With those words, she began to softly lick the princess's pussy just as
the queen had trained her to.

	"What are you doing?!" The princess's alarm quickly turned to pleasure
and lust. "Oh, it feels so good. Oh, don't stop. If you stop I'll have my mother
have you beheaded! Oh, yes, yes." The princess soon came and continued her
routine as if nothing had happened. But later that night, as the maid was
sleeping on a pallet on the floor next to the princess's bed, she was awakened
by the princess and commanded to "do that thing you did while drying my skin
today, that thing with your mouth and my pussy."

	"Eat your pussy, you mean? Of course, I will, your highness. In fact,
this is my real job." The maid said bitterly, not at all happy with her new job.
At least the queen used to get her off when it suited her. Here she would be,
pleasuring the princess's pussy all day without getting any herself.

	"Oh, is that what it's called? Yes, I can see why it's called that -
eating pussy. I've seen the stable boys eating the kitchen maids' pussies but I
never knew what it was called." The princess babbled on, liking to talk. "Nobody
ever tells me things like that." She added resentfully. "Well, at least my
mother gave me you. That's something."

	Weeks passed and the princess soon grew dissatisfied. One night, as the
maid worked on licking her pussy to bliss, the princess remarked, "This is quite
delightful but I think I am being deprived of something. I want a cock in me;
the maids I spy on seem to love it ever so much." The maid was startled and
worried - this was not good and the queen had to be told. Undoubtedly,the queen
would have a solution to this new problem. Most likely one that would not be to
the maid's liking. The maid was right. The next day, after she had faithfully
reported the princess's words, the queen thought for a few mintues then revealed
her plan to the maid.

	"Well, girl, isn't it obvious? My daughter must remain a virgin however
that does not preclude anal delights!" The queen, after training the maid for
her daughter, had realized that women were just as pleasureable as men in bed.
She then explored all manner of erotic entertainments with her female courtiers
and servants, including dildoes and ass-fucking.

	"Your majesty?! Such filth is not appropriate for a princess." The maid
protested, concerned because the queen would, no doubt, want to perform these
acts on her. She was right.

	"I will decide what is appropriate for my daughter." The queen said
quietly. A quiet queen was more dangerous than a loud, visibly angry one. The
maid knew her comment had crossed some line. So when the queen ordered her to
remove all her clothes, she obeyed without further protest.

	The queen took out three dildoes of varying size, a jar of thick, slimy
jelly, a leather harness, and a thin leather strap from the chest at the foot of
her bed. The maid bent over the side of the bed without being told. "Ah, the
naughty little slut knows it's time for her punishment." The queen commented,
cracking the strap in the air then on the maid's ass. The maid shrieked. The
queen continued whipping her until she stopped shrieking and began to sob
quietly. Then the queen started smearing the jelly onto and into her asshole.
The maid wriggled; the new sensation was not painful but it did feel strange -
almost ticklish. The queen spread jelly on the smallest dildo then slowly eased
it into the maid's ass. The maid groaned. When the dildo was all the way in, the
queen turned it around and around before pulling it out and then shoving it back
in. The maid's pussy became wet as the queen ass-fucked her with the little
dildo. The queen noticed it. She stuck two fingers into the maid's pussy and
drew them out quickly. "If you take the next dildo quietly, I'll fuck you
myself." 

	"I'll try, your majesty." The maid said, bravely.

	Laying aside the small dildo, the queen began to work the medium dildo
into the maid's ass-hole. This one didn't go in quite as easily. The maid bit
her lip to stifle her cries of pain. The queen reached around and used one hand
to play with the maid's clit while her other hand steadily forced the dildo into
the maid. Finally,the dildo went all the way inside. The queen strapped on the
third and largest dildo. She ran the dildo's head over and around the maid's
pussy, getting it wet with the maid's own juices. Then she pushed it into the
maid's pussy, all at once. The maid cried out wordlessly. The queen held onto
the maid's hips with both hands while furiously fucking her. As the maid came,
the queen stopped. With her strap-on dildo still buried inside the maid, she
began to work the other dildo out of the maid's ass-hole. Only to slam it right
back in. The maid was too busy enjoying her orgasm to notice. The queen
unbuckled the harness, freeing the larger dildo. Holding one dildo in each hand,
she set to work on the maid. She shoved the larger dildo deep into the maid's
pussy, then simultaneously, she pulled it back out as she shoved the smaller
dildo into the maid's ass-hole.

	"Aaahhh, oh God. Nooo, your majesty. Stop. Yes, yes, yes." The maid
wailed.

	The queen chuckled, "Silly girl, make up your mind."

	After working the maid to another orgasm, the queen gave her a jar of
jelly and another dildo that was the same size as the smallest dildo, with
instructions on how to introduce the princess to anal sex. "Make sure you
lubricate her delicate little ass-hole well, girl. If you hurt my daughter, I
will personally whip the skin from your back and make you lick the whip clean.
Work the dildo into her slowly and gently. Lick her clit while you do it so
she'll enjoy it."

	The maid nodded fearfully and scurried off to the princess's room. "Your
highness, your royal mother has found a solution to your problem. While your
pussy must remain empty until the day you marry a prince, perhaps you will be
satisfied with being ass-fucked."

	The princess, who had by now discovered that nobody would ever deny her
anything save a pussy pounding, looked up from where she was inspecting a
scullery maid's cum-filled pussy. Extracting her two fingers from the other
girl's pussy, she turned to face her maid while sucking her fingers clean. "I
have seen one of the gardeners ass-fucking, as you call it, the chimney boy. I
didn't know women could be ass-fucked as well. Which man shall have the pleasure
of fucking my royal ass?"

	The maid held up the dildo, "None, your highness. This dildo shall do
the deed."

	Snapping her fingers at the scullery maid, the princess sent her back to
her cleaning. She then pulled her gown up to her waist and got on her hands and
knees, presenting the maid with her ass. "Well, don't keep me waiting."

	The maid carefully spread half of the jar of jelly around and inside the
princess's ass-hole. Then she kissed the princess's pussy softly, sticking her
tongue into it before giving her clit a good tongue lashing. The princess moaned
and rocked back and forth on her knees, humping the air. Saying a silent prayer,
the maid very slowly eased the dildo into the princess's ass. "Ooooh" The
princess moaned. The maid, sweating nervously, slowly pulled the dildo half way
out then gently pushed it back in. She paused, thought for a second, then laid
down on her back with her head between the princess's legs. The princess
automatically lowered her pussy to the maid's face. Grinning evily to herself,
she rubbed her pussy all over the maid's face before sitting squarely onto of
it. Her pussy sank onto the maid's nose. Gasping the maid shoved the dildo into
her ass-hole hard enough to make her raise up a little. Luckily for the skin on
the maid's back, the princess liked it. "Yes, yes, do that again!" Between the
maid's tongue and the dildo, the princess quickly came.

	The sight of the jelly gave her another evil idea. "Raise you rags and
spread your legs." She commanded the maid. The maid apprehensively obeyed her.
The princess began to smear jelly inside the maid's pussy, using two fingers.
Then three fingers. Then four. The maid panted mindlessly, trying to fuck the
princess's fingers. But when the princess tried to work her thumb into the maid,
the maid realized what she was doing.

	"No! No, your highness, please! Ah God, stop!" The maid begged. The
princess bent her head to the maid's pussy and gave her clit a few licks. "Oooh,
yes, do that." The maid moaned. The princess finally worked her entire fist into
the maid's pussy and began fucking her while licking her pussy. Pausing, she
shoved the filthy dildo into the maid's ass. The maid groaned loudly. Despite
the pain and humiliation, the maid came.

	The princess smiled proudly, "You maids are such disgusting little
whores." She withdrew her fist. "I am aroused again. Eat my pussy." With these
words, the princess again sat on the maid's face.

	The next day, the queen summoned the maid to her room. There was a man
tied face-down on the queen's bed. One of the arch-dukes, if the maid remembered
him correctly. Ignoring him, the queen asked how her daughter's first anal fuck
had gone.

	"Quite well, your majesty. She enjoyed it immensely and even requested
to be fucked harder." The maid reported, wisely leaving out the fisting part of
the story.

	"Good to hear." The queen replied. She strapped on the large dildo.
"Today, you have to take the big dildo in your ass, girl. It's dirty with the
duke's shit but I doubt you mind.Now, bend over like yesterday."

	The maid minded very much but deemed it unwise to object. The duke
turned his head to watch. "Ah." The queen said, "Take off your clothes. I think
the duke will enjoy watching your tits bounce as I fuck you, and I do so want
his cock hard for my pleasure after I'm done with you." As the maid got into
position, the queen gave her ass three hard slaps. The maid jumped in surprise,
making her breasts jiggle. The duke leered and licked his lips. The queen spread
the jelly on the maid's ass-hole then shoved the dildo inside without warning.
The maid gasped in pain.

	"Fuck her harder, your majesty, harder." The duke encouraged.

	"Keep your mouth closed, sirrah, or I shall give you the task of
cleaning this dildo orally." The queen said harshly. Nevertheless, she fucked
the poor maid harder and harder. After many minutes, when it became clear that
the maid would not come under such treatment, the queen stopped. Pulling the
dildo free of the maid's tight ass, the queen slapped the back of the poor
maid's head. "Silly little slut. Imagine, to have the honor of being fucked by
the queen and not enjoying it." The queen gave the maid the medium-sized dildo
and sent her to service the princess.

	Several months later, as the maid began to despair of having to put up
with such mistreatment forever, an marriage to the recently widowed crown prince
of a neighboring kingdom was arranged for the princess. The eldest child
resulting from this marriage would inherit both kingdoms, which would then be
united as one. There was much celebrating in the kingdom, but the maid was the
happiest of them all. No more having to lick the princess's pussy! No more
getting fistfucked by her! No more being spanked and slapped and whipped by the
queen! Or so she thought.

	The queen sent for the maid the day before the princess was due to
leave. "Girl, consider yourself lucky. I am sending you as the princess's
escort. My dear daughter has requested you as her lifelong personal servant."
The maid was horrified. A lifetime of being abused by that stupid little royal
tramp! The queen laughed at the expression on the maid's face. She squeezed the
maid's breasts through her blouse. "I shall miss fucking you but that new milk
girl looks quite promising." She gave the maid a small leather bag, "I trust you
will discreetly keep this toy from my new in-laws."

	The next day, the princess and the maid set off. The princess was on
Falada, her mother's own magical talking white stallion. The queen had given her
daughter a silk handkerchief stained with three drops of her blood. Her blood
gave its bearer control over the magical horse. She also gave the princess many
expensive gowns and a golden cup. The maid trailed behind in a tattered dress,
on a semi-lame old horse. The kingdom was so safe and peaceful, there was no
need for guards to accompany the princess.

	After riding for half a day, the princess became thirsty. She threw her
cup at the maid, "Get me some water."

	Hot, tired and terribly unhappy at the prospect of spending her entire
life as this brat's slave, the maid caught the golden cup and flung it back at
the princess. "Get it yourself, bitch."

	The princess was stunned silent. Nobody had ever talked to her like that
before. Not in her entire life. "You wait until the queen learns of this."
Falada said to the maid, threateningly. "Princess, poor princess, suffering like
this. If only your mother knew, she would strip this maid naked and whip her all
day." The princess sniffed and patted the horse's head to thank him for his
sympathy.

	The maid got her own drink of water and ignored the princess. She
reclined against the side of her nag. "Well, your higness, we don't have all
day. Get your water or suffer your thirst."

	The princess stiffly got down from her horse and walked to the stream.
As she bent over to fill her cup, the handkerchief with her mother's blood,
which she had tucked loosely into the top of her gown, fluttered down into the
stream and was swept away by the current. "Oh no!" The princess cried.

	The maid knew this was the opportunity she'd been wishing for. She
dashed into the stream and fished out the handkerchief. "I've got it!" She
declared, triumphantly.

	"Oh, thank you ever so much." The princess reached for the handkerchief.

	"Not so fast, you stupid, mean little bitch." The maid batted the
princess's grasping hands away. "It's mine now. This means Falada is mine, and
you'd better give me your fine clothes or I'll make him trample you."

	"No!" The princess turned to Falada for help.

	"Sorry princess, poor princess. I cannot help you. I must obey the maid
now. If only your mother knew, she would cover this insolent maid with honey and
let the ants feast on her." Falada said.

	"Mouthy horse." The maid grumbled. "You heard him, your royal
sluttiness. Strip."

	Miserably, the princess obeyed. The maid glared at her with hatred. The
blonde bitch wasn't even that beautiful. Why, her ass was small and flat! Still
her lovely face would look even lovelier begging for mercy.

	The maid slapped the princess's face thrice. The princess began to cry.
But the maid knew how to deal with her. She thrust a hand between the princess's
legs and began to fondle her pussy. The princess soon forgot her tears. "Ummm."
She humped the maid's hand.

	"Lay down on the grass." The maid ordered the naked princess. The
princess eagerly obeyed. "Now, use you fingers to please your pussy." The maid
smirked, enjoying the sight of the princess masturbating on her command.  She
undressed and squated over the princess. "Remember this?" She asked as she
rubbed her pussy all over the princess's face. "Now eat me as you rub your own
clit." The princess obeyed, enjoying the taste and smell of the maid's pussy.
She wondered why she hadn't done this more often.

	The maid reached behind herself and took hold of the princess's breasts.
She twisted them and pulled them . She squeezed them and pinched them. And all
of this only made the princess hornier. As she came on the princess's face, the
maid had a vision of herself fucking the princess's pussy.

	"Today is the day you've been waiting for." She told the princess. "I'm
going to take your virginity."

	The princess almost came just at the thought. "Oh, yes, yes, do it now."
She screamed.

	The maid strapped on the large dildo that the queen had given her for
the princess's use. "Get on your knees and suck my new cock." The maid said. The
princess scrambled to her knees and crawled over to maid. She took the dildo
happily into her mouth and sucked it eagerly.The maid pulled her hair, "You're
such a slut. You should have been born to my station and I to yours. Now, get on
your hands and knees." The princess hastened to obey. The maid spanked her for
awhile before giving her what she craved. Almost a foot of stuffed leather in
her pussy. She cried out in pain as the dildo breeched her hymen but the maid
ignored her screams just as her mother had ignored the maid's screams while
ass-fucking her with this very dildo. The maid reached under her to slap her
tits and she soon began to enjoy the fucking. The maid fucked her until she
came.

	Then the maid unstrapped the dildo, leaving it buried inside her. The
maid threw her old rags at the princess. "Leave that dildo right where it is and
get dressed in these. Then get on my horse. I shall be the princess from now on:
wearing fine gowns, drinking from a golden cup, and riding Falada. If you are a
good little maid, your whorishness, I shall fuck your ass just the way you like
it tonight."

	The afternoon passed quickly, the princess coming many times from riding
with the dildo inside her. That night, the maid kept her promise, ass-fucking
the princess after a severe spanking. Over the next few days, the maid got her
revenge as she fistfucked the princess, beat her until her ass was red and her
tits were blue, and, most satisfying of all, refused to fuck her for three days.
During those three days, the princess begged incessantly to be fucked and orally
serviced the maid for hours when she wasn't begging. In return for finally being
fucked, she promised the maid not to tell another living soul who she really
was.

	At last, they reached their destination. The capital city of the
princess's fiance. The maid, pretending to be the princess, was greeted warmly.
She casually asked her father-in-law-to-be to find a job for the maid/real
princess. The old king sent the real princess to work as an assistant goose
girl. "That's a lusty looking one; Curken, the boy who tends the geese will be
very happy to see her, if you know what I mean." He said. The maid/false
princess laughed delightfully.

	"Oh, father dear" She said to the kind old king one day, "That horse I
rode here gave me much discomfort. I want him killed." The old king ordered it
done. The maid enjoyed being a princess: eating delicacies, dancing with
graceful noblemen, drinking fine wines toasted to her. And the prince was quite
a perk. Never before had a man put so much effort into convincing her to fuck
him. Flowers, candy, and jewels were just the beginning! The maid did have an
old trick planned for faking her virginity on her wedding night, which she
looked forward to immensely.

	As for the real princess, now the goose girl, she was getting the
fucking of a lifetime from Curken. Every day, after taking the geese to the
pasture, she would let down her long golden hair and take off her rags. Curken
would join her shortly, and depending on his mood, he would either stick his
thick cock down her throat and make her gag before fucking her, or he would
shove his cock into her pussy without preliminaries. Depraved slut that she was,
the goose girl came every day from this brutal treatment.

	One day, as she was going home, sore from Curken's cruel pounding of her
pussy, she noticed a man with Falada's dead body. She offered him her ass to
fuck in exchange for mounting Falada's head above the city gate. Every day, as
she walked the geese to the field, she would stop and look up at Falada sadly.
Falada, being a magical horse, would say to her "Princess, poor princess down
there. If your mother, the queen, only knew how brutally that Curken fucked you,
her heart would surely break in two."

	By chance, the old king happened to hear this little speech one day.
Having a council of advisors to run his kingdom and nothing else to do, he
followed the goose girl. He spied on her sucking Curken's cock and getting
fucked. After Curken left her, the old king accosted her. "Little goose girl, I
heard what the horse's head said. Tell me your story."

	"Oh, kind old king, I promised I would never tell another living soul."
The goose girl cried tearfully. Although she loved being Curken's fuck toy, she
hated having to wear rags and tend geese. She wished was the princess again.

	"Well," The old king looked around, "Tell it to that old stove over
there."

	So the goose girl went to the stove and poured out her whole sordid
story. The old king masturbated to an orgasm while he listened to the goose
girl, who liked talking dirty. Afterwards, the old king took the goose girl back
to the palace with him. He had his servants bathe her and dress her richly. With
a veil across her face, the false princess did not recognize her at dinner.
During the dinner conversation, the old king told a story about a servant who
subjugated and impersonated his master. He asked the false princess what the
servant's punishment should be.

	Too drunk to recognize the danger, she replied "He should be stripped
naked, put into a barrel studded with nails, and dragged through the streets."

	The old king then told everyone the goose girl's story, minus the sordid
details. The nobles were horrified that such a thing could have happened to one
of their own and horrified that they had treated a maid with such respect. As
they dragged the false princess/maid away to the dungeon, she gave the
astonished prince some advice. "The princess, your future wife, is a depraved
slut and treating her like one is the only way to make her happy. She's
especially fond of being ass-fucked." The prince took the maid's advice that
very night and found that she was right.

	It ended well for everyone except the maid. Fairy kingdoms were quite
brutal and the maid was indeed stripped, thrown into a barrel studded with nails
and dragged through the streets until she died.

~The End~




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jayne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





