BDSM Library - The Contest




The Contest
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young man is kidnapped and forced to enter a special contest.The Contest  
By  
Deputy Duffy  
Let the Contest begin.   That sentence rings in my head
  every morning I wake up. It's like waking from a dream. But this was no dream.  
It all started innocently enough, one Friday night, when I was walking home
  from the video store where I worked. (I was saving up my money for college.)
  I had just turned twenty and was looking forward to a weekend off. My parents
  had gone away camping and I had a bag of pornos, and the house all to myself.
  Yeah, looking back on it, it was pretty depressing, but since I was girlfriendless,
  that was the best I could come up with. I was hoping that college life would
  change all that.  
I was just about home when I saw a blonde across the street from my house.
  Instantly, I thought I recognized her.  
("Fuck, that can't be her! She moved away after high school," I thought.)  
I heard a male voice from behind me say my name. Before I could turn around,
  a large sack was put over my whole head and I was picked up off the ground,
  as I struggled in vain, and dumped unceremoniously into a vehicle. I could
  hear tires screeching and it sure felt like we where moving quickly. Someone
  began tying my hands behind my back, while someone was sitting on my feet.
  I was doing my best to fight them off, but at 5'10" and 175 pounds I wasn't
  fairing to well against my larger opponents. I was also trying to figure out
  what the fuck was going on. I kept asking, "Why would some one want to kidnap
  me?"  
The same voice that I heard say my name, was telling me to "relax and calm
  down", but for the next half-hour or so I don't think I ever did. The vehicle
  finally came to a stop and I was picked up and carried like a sack of potatoes
  for what seemed like miles. I was being as calm as I could be, trying to figure
  it out. Then I was forced to sit down in what felt like a chair. I felt my
  hands and feet being quickly tied to it.  
"Just fucking sit there and be fucking quiet!" I heard a strong booming voice
  yell into my ear, followed by a smack upside the head, as if I needed it.  
 I was starting to panic now, because I was hearing a lot of other voices
  around me. Not being able to see was driving me crazy. I could hear a couple
  of screams from time to time that would jar me, but somehow I managed not to
  pee my pants.  
After what seemed like forever, my sack was removed, and water was splashed
  in my face. It was cold and startling, but, none the less, refreshing. While
  blinking my eyes, a cold towel was used to dry my face and when my eyes regained
  their focus I saw her.  
("It was her," I thought.)  
"I see you recognize me," the blonde said, and then she moved behind me.  
Yes I did, it was Alice Marsh. Alice used to live down the street from me.
  You could say she was the girl of my dreams -- unfortunately my dreams, not
  hers. We were even the same exact age, amazingly sharing the same birthday.
  I tried my best to befriend her throughout the years, but to no avail.  
One amazing moment in history, cemented us together forever. It happened
  in our senior year, shortly after our 18th birthday, at a house party. The
  only reason I was there (not belonging to the "IN" crowd) was because it was
  being held at my best friend's house. (His brother was throwing the bash.)
  When asked repeatedly, we simply wouldn't leave. It was our payoff for not
  telling his parents about the party. Well, it was a drinking party and as the
  night went on the party picked up. All the good-looking girls were there dressed
  their best. But the fairest of them all was the one and only Alice Marsh.  
You could say she was hard to miss. She was about 5'7" maybe 110 pounds.
  On this night, she was dressed in tight blue jeans and a small pink half sweater,
  unbuttoned at the top and bottom. Her face, made up to make her look like a
  movie star, maybe an adult movie star. You could tell she wasn't wearing a
  bra, and with breasts like hers, I guess she didn't need one.  
Every guy in the place was all over her, but while she seemed to love the
  attention, none of them were her boyfriend. They seemingly had no luck with
  her either, as it was a known fact that she only dated older, tougher guys.  
I was so busy checking out her wicked body that I didn't notice that she
  had caught me undressing her with my eyes. She motioned for me to come over.
  It was all I could do to walk over to her, as she was surrounded by a large
  group of onlookers, most of whom were laughing up a storm.  
"What were you looking at?" She sneered. "What, you never seen a pair of
  tits before?"  
The group roared with laughter, after some time and much teasing, she finally
  held her hand up and the crowd fell silent. My face felt like it was on fire.  
"What, cat got your tongue?" She teased, as she pulled on her sweater, her
  left breast nearly falling out. "I bet you never even seen a pair of live breasts
  before?"  
What could I say? Because the fact was she was right. The only sex I'd had
  up to that point had been in my head, and the only naked women I'd seen were
  in the movies and magazines. And with the way she was teasing me, the English
  language was escaping me.  
"The only pussy -- your cat," Alice teased, standing right in front of me,
  blowing hot air against my lips, pressing her chest into mine. Honestly, I
  wanted to run away, but the group had circled around us. Plus her smell was
  intoxicating. I was staring into her sparkling green eyes, as her long blonde
  hair tickled my face. Since I had never actually been this close to her before,
  it felt like my head was going to exploded. I also lost all track of my environment.  
Suddenly she grabbed me, by both wrists, and slowly brought my hands up to
  her chest, pressing them slowly into her breasts. (Oh, how firm they were.)
  She also used her leg to rub my groin. Taking the bait, I was slowly applying
  more pressure, effectively feeling her up. When she let me slip my right hand
  into her sweater, I was in puppy heaven. I swear I felt her nipple harden under
  my touch. She pulled me closer. She began purring into my ear. The pressure
  increased. I had a feeling rushing through my body like I'd never felt before.
  My knees went weak. My body trembled. And it felt like all my blood had rushed
  into my groin area. She suddenly pulled my hands away, but kept a hold of my
  wrists. Simultaneously, someone from behind me pulled my baggy pants and briefs
  down, in one swift motion. I cried out in horror, as my erect penis sprung
  into the crowd's view -- cum still oozing from its head. Much to my surprise,
  it wasn't blood after all. The crowed roared with laughter. I quickly broke
  free, pulled my sweats up, and high-tailed it out of there.  
Back at school, I was the talk of the hallways. As you can probably imagine,
  it was pretty humiliating having an orgasm in front of a room full of people.
  Especially, just from a little leg rubbing and from feeling someone's tits.
  Even if they belonged to Alice Marsh. Everyone had their knick-name for me.
  They called me "The Minuteman" or "Quick-Draw" or my least favorite "The Sperminator",
  but as time wore on and we finally graduated, life got a little easier. I even
  made the favorite moments part of the yearbook, several times.  
Most of my friends would just come up to me and say, "I can't believe you
  got to feel up Alice Marsh!" or stuff like that. It was kind of cool, I guess.
  But honestly, getting a date after that night was pretty tough -- hence my
  pathetic social life. Alice moved away after graduation, at least I thought
  she did. But now a couple of years had passed, and here she was again, back
  in my life. But still, "why would she kidnap me?" So it was the first question
  that I asked.  
"She didn't kidnap you...we did!" A booming voice roared.  
 I was quickly spun around, and was now facing two rather large and imposing
  looking men. They were dressed in leather and covered in tattoos. I tried to
  ask another question, but someone came up from behind me and gagged me with
  a some cloth.  
The larger of the two men spoke first. He told me that I wasn't going to
  get hurt if I played along and did a good job. He had a powerful voice that
  sent shivers down my spine. He introduced his partner, Hack Saw.  
Hack Saw did most of the talking. He introduced the rest of the gang and
  I did the best I could to keep calm and listen to him, even though I was scared
  as hell. There were four guys and five women that I could see, but I knew there
  were many more around me. He introduced me to Tank, (he was the first man who
  spoke, and I must say he was built like one, too.) The other two were named
  Crazy Dave and Flash, but they didn't do or say much. They were busy fondling
  the large breasts of one of their (chicks) as they call them. The five girls
  or chicks, were Candy, Dippy, Dee Dee and Alice. Oh, the other one that the
  two other guys were working over, well, they just called her "our bitch."  
All the girls were dressed like the proverbial biker chick. Lots of leather
  and lots of skin. But again, Alice stuck out. She was still beautiful. Her
  hair was short, all most spiked and blonder than ever. She wore tight leather
  pants and a black silk like top that clung to her body. So clingy that you
  could see each of her nipples poking out. I felt my groin stir.  
("Oh no...not again," I thought.)  
Hack Saw grabbed me by the shoulder and slapped my face a little. "Listen
  up buddy, and I'll tell you why we picked you up today."  
He pulled up a stool next to me. "Listen and listen good, cuz we don't have
  much time. You have to believe what I'm about to tell you is true and is going
  to happen, as much as you're not going to believe it. We picked you up because
  we needed a guy to enter 'The Contest.' You see it's a contest against our
  brother bikers...we do this every year. There are five teams each has four
  or five brothers and four or five chicks...See...."  
He spun me around and for the first time I saw what was behind me. There
  were groups of bikers huddled around in small groups like we were. They were
  all different shapes and sizes. I also noticed that we were in some sort of
  old barn. There were two large beams. One with five ropes hanging off of it,
  which got my heart racing, and the other thing that got my heart rate up was
  what was hanging from the other. Dangling with her feet just touching the ground
  was a young blonde woman, dressed only in a small black bra and matching panties.
  Hack Saw spun me back around.  
"I see you saw what we are playing for. She is something else. She goes to
  the team that finishes first, with a shit load of cash. We need the cash and
  we want the girl, so listen up good," Hack Saw said, and so far he was right
  about me not believing my ears. "Here goes...like I said it a contest and Alice
  has specifically chosen you to represent us, because it has to be someone outside
  of the gang."  
("Why would Alice choose me?" I could only wonder, but didn't ask.)  
"You saw the ropes hanging down from the beam? Well, all five teams have
  one victim. Don't worry, we're not going to hang you or anything. But you will
  be hanging from your wrists. Your feet will just hit the ground...like hers.
  The pain in your wrists won't be that bad. Plus, you'll have something to take
  your mind off of it. You see it's a 'Blowjob Contest.'" Hack Saw finished with
  the first smile I saw. I just looked at him in disbelief.  
"I know...settle down...we aren't terribly inventive. It's some rich dudes
  idea of a little fun. Well, Alice told us of your little history together and
  we're hoping things haven't changed," he said, as he laughed.  
("Man, am I ever going to live that down?" I thought.)  
"You see it goes like this: the first team that can get their guy to blow
  his load wins. But, before you get all hot and bothered, let me tell you how
  it works. This is what makes it a little interesting," Hack Saw said, as he
  moved his stool even closer, so close that I could smell the cigarettes on
  his breath.  
"When all five of you are tied up and hanging from the beam, we will select
  one member from our team. She will be doing the blowing. Oh, before that, another
  will pull your pants down for yah. But anyways, now when the gun goes off,
  the chicks start blowing, it's that simple. But listen, there are rules, not
  that we like them, but for this we have to follow them. You can't have a hardon
  before we start or be leaking pre-cum. So stay calm beforehand and then when
  you finally cum, which we hear doesn't take you so long, you have to cum in
  her mouth, so she can turn around and show the judges. Oh yeah, nobody is allowed
  to talk once the contest starts.  
"Now stay with me here, there are five teams so there are five places. So
  if you notice one guy blow, stay with it, because it goes right down to the
  end. I guess I should tell you the prizes for each place just so you know,
  because right now it might sound real easy. I mean, who doesn't like a good
  fucking blowjob, and one thing our chicks can do it's suck a mean one."  
He paused to take the gag out of my mouth and give me a sip of beer, which
  was much needed, as I was overheating from his spiel so far.  
"Now, the first place team, they win the grand prize -- the cash and the
  girl. Don't worry about the girl now, no one hurts her, if she behaves. Plus
  you have more important things to think about. I'll tell you about second,
  third and fourth in a sec, but let me tell you about last place. The team that
  can't get their guy to spew, is fucked. I mean our chicks are all fucked. You
  see, the chicks on the last place team have to visit all the other team's clubhouses
  and do whatever their asked to do. Some of the clubs have fifty fucking members
  and they're into some hardcore shit. Let me tell yah, the chicks on the last
  place team are never the same again."  
I was looking at the girls as Hack Saw said this, and I could tell that they
  all had fear in their eyes.  
"If you limp out, I'll kill yah myself!" Candy, the toughest looking of the
  chicks, suddenly barked, as she ran her finger across her throat.  
"You mean," I managed, before being cut off by Tank.  
"If we lose our chicks...you lose your fucking head."  
I guess, I started to panic at this startling revelation, because I just
  remember being slapped across the face.  
"Ok, now you see the down side," Hack Saw said, after the slap.  
("Down side!" I inwardly screamed, as my stomach tossed and turned. It felt
  like I was about to be physically ill.)  
"And fourth place ain't no good either. Their chicks have to go around the
  barn tonight, buck naked, while offering a free blowjob to any guy who wants
  one, and we don't want to have our girls coming back with us covered in cum,
  unless it's our own. So for punishment we'll leave you hanging up there and
  after, the chicks can take their frustrations out on yah."  
I looked to Alice for help, but she just said to relax and try to put it
  out of my mind. (Yeah right...relax...while I was just informed that this could
  be my last night alive! You know that joke about, dying happy, well it's not
  so funny when you're starring it right in the face.)  
"And what about third?" I asked with a gulp.  
Well third ain't that good, and it ain't that bad. Our chicks are saved and
  we still get the free bj's from team four and we get the last place chicks
  for one night, if there is anything left after the first and second place teams
  get to them. That's where we finished last year, so we are looking to improve
  this year."  
"Second?"  
"If we finish second that's not that bad, but remember we want first. For
  second we get new sleds and we get first crack at the free bj's from the fourth
  place team and the second weekend with the last place team's chicks. Look,
  it's not like we want to fuck all of their chicks or anything, but there is
  something about fucking another club's chicks. Plus, there's some stuff we
  can do to them that we don't do to our own chicks, if you know what I mean."  
I really didn't at that point, but one could only imagine.  
"But remember that we want to be first, because it's a ton of cash and we
  get a smoking chick and you can never have to many hot babes."  
Hack Saw finished his speech, and lined up the five girls, who looked none
  to happy. "Now quickly, we have to decide who is going to do the blowing."  
Each of the girls looked at me and I could tell they were nervous and from
  the sound of the rules they had a lot riding on "The Contest" as well. As for
  me, I was shaking like a tree. Heck all's I had riding on it was my life.  
"Well, which one do you want to give the blowjob?" Hack Saw asked, this time
  with his hand on my shoulder.  
"You want me to pick?" I asked, surprised as hell that he would let me pick,
  and I could tell the girls were also surprised. He just snapped his fingers
  at them.  
"Yeah and hurry up, it's almost time, just pick the one that you think will
  make you shoot the fastest. I mean, they're all good cock-suckers, but it might
  be that little extra that helps."  
I looked over the girls, still stunned. They were all hot biker babes, but
  I couldn't get past Alice. Plus, the way she was looking at me, with pleading
  eyes, I knew she didn't want to be the one. Honestly, that turned me on. I
  guess even with my life on the line, I figured a little payback was in order.
  Plus, I have been dreaming of having Alice for years, just never dreaming it
  would happen like this.  
"I guess the b-b-blonde...Alice," I mumbled.  
"Fuck!" Alice snapped. "I found the fucking guy. Shouldn't that take me off
  the fucking hook?"  
"Shut your fucking hole!" Tank screamed. "If the guy wants your lips, then
  you're our best hope at winning."  
I was still sitting, tied into my chair, when Hack Saw grabbed Alice's arms
  and began tying them behind her back, as she was still protesting.  
"Oh, she can't use her hands," Hack Saw said.  
One of the other guys started untying me from the chair when Tank gave me
  a pat on the head and asked. "Is there any thing else you can think of that
  will help you along? I really want to win this year."  
I looked over at Alice, who had her hands tied behind her back, her little
  shirt riding up her breasts with every breath.  
"Well, I can think of one," I managed, without a smile.  
"I'm listening," Tank answered.  
"Well, it would help a lot if I could see her tits," I whispered, trying
  to not let Alice hear me.  
"Shit, that's all," Tank spat. "Heck, if we win, I'll even let you fuck the
  shit out of her...for one night she's all yours."  
"What!" Screamed Alice. "No fucking way! Bad enough I have to suck his cock."  
"You fucking heard me!" Tank said, grabbing Alice by the face. "You fucking
  do what I tell you and don't fucking forget it, Bitch. The fucking dudes been
  dreaming of your tits for years. Heck, he blew a load just touching them. So
  here's what we're going to do, right before the gun goes off at the start,
  I'll rip your top off. This ought to give us a head start. Fuck, there's nothing
  in the rules against it."  
Alice pouted, but Tank just made a fist and thrust it in front of her face,
  and her whining stopped.  
The next thing I knew I was being hung up by my wrists. I don't know why
  I didn't even think to try and get away. I guess I was a little turned on by
  the whole thing. I guess you could say I was risking my life to be with Alice.  
I had to stand on my toes to stop from swinging, while the rope was digging
  painfully into my wrists. I looked to my left. The other four guys were also
  in place. I noticed a couple of them were openly crying and a couple of them
  were still gagged. I was starting to get really nervous now. It didn't help
  that the guy next to me was panicking. He was screaming against his gag. It
  seemed to me that some of them were fearing for their lives as well. It also
  hit me that I was the youngest one of the group.  
I could hear rain drops hitting the barn's roof, as the barn door slid open.
  In walking a man dressed in a three-piece suit, along with two huge bodyguards
  carrying automatic weapons, one holding an umbrella. Following him were five
  men, pushing five black motorcycles, into the barn. The crowd roared. The well-dressed
  man climbed onto a wooden stage that was off to the side. He raised his hand
  into the air and the barn drew quiet, eerily quiet.  
The well-dressed man took off his suit jacket and addressed the crowd.  
"Welcome Bikers of the Northeast. I'm glad you could make it this year. I'm
  glad to see so many familiar faces once again. Looking around, I see that our
  contestants are in place and I know you saw the second place bikes roll in.
  Ah yes, I see our Grand Prize managed to make it as well. This year our prize
  is a special one. Her name is Allison. She's nineteen-years-old and still a
  virgin. Well, at least for now, but the best part is that her father is a well-known
  A.T.F agent."  
The crowd broke into applause. I noticed the girl squirming about, but she
  was just swaying back and forth. All eyes seemingly focused on the girl. I
  even watched with some reluctant excitement as a huge man approached the hanging
  girl and pulled a large knife out of his sheath, quickly cutting off her bra
  and panties, as the barn erupted with cheers. I noticed a gold chain connected
  to each of her nipples, and that she lacked pubic hair.  
A large women knelt down in front of the girl and seemed to lick in between
  her legs. "Yep, virgin pussy!" She cried out, and the barn erupted, again.  
It took a couple of minutes for the barn to quiet as they seemed to enjoy
  watching her naked body squirm about. She did have quite the body, yet I felt
  bad for her. I couldn't even imagine what they planed on doing to her or what
  she must have been thinking.  
One of the bodyguards fired a volley of shots into the air, which didn't
  help my nerves any, before the well-dressed man started again. "I also have
  the cash for the winning team," he said, holding up a shinny suitcase. "You'll
  find that I've been extra generous this year, having had a good run on Wall
  Street." More applause.  
The well-dressed man held up his arms to let the crowd calm.  
"LET THE CONTEST BEGIN!" He screamed out, and the crowd roared with approval.  
Looking to my left, some of the other guys were squirming around like fish
  out of water. I did notice, however, that the guy on the opposite end of the
  line was looking pretty calm about the whole thing, so I figured he was my
  main competition.  
Things were moving quickly. My team gathered in front of me and Alice was
  put into her place. She was kneeling about ten feet away from me. I looked
  down the line as the other four girls were also kneeling in front of their
  guys. The girl right next to Alice was huge. She must have been two bills easily,
  but looking at her crew behind her, she was the smallest one of the bunch.
  The girl next to her wore a bondage uniform, complete with spikes and shit.
  While the girl next to her was wearing a schoolgirl uniform and had her hair
  in pigtails. But she was no schoolgirl, she had to be in her forties.  
It was the last girl that I was worried about. She was stunning! She had
  long blonde hair that fell over her body, and what a body it was. She was wearing
  one of those super small bikinis that was really just three patches strung
  together. The last guy was watching her as a couple of other girls were oiling
  her up. I guess they had a plan, too. He suddenly looked at me with a smile
  when our eyes met.  
("Ah shit." I thought. "But common you have wanted Alice forever and in a
  couple of seconds she is going to have her lips wrapped around your dick."  
I suddenly felt my dick jump. "Ok, at-a-boy just stay focused, for once in
  your short life you can be happy that you're a quick shooter.")  
Candy caught my attention when she came over to me and pulled down my pants.
  My underwear quickly following. She tucked the bottom of my shirt into the
  top and pulled it through.  
"Just think of how long you have wanted this," she whispered into my ear.
  I quivered when she pulled my package out from in between my thighs. She went
  back over to the group, as I was trying to get over the embarrassment of being
  exposed to the group of strangers. I took some comfort in the fact that with
  all the abuse I took over my party incident, no one ever said I had a small
  dick or anything like that. I began to gaze into Alice's green eyes, trying
  to focus and block out what was going on around me.  
("Fuck, if it worked a couple of years ago," I thought, as my gaze shifted
  to her full red painted lips.)  
 I heard the well dressed man scream ready, and with that, Tank ripped off
  Alice's top, revealing her firm large breasts with shiny silver dollar nipples.
  They looked better than I ever imagined. The plan was working already as I
  felt my dick churning. I was worried about jumping the gun, but (bang) a loud
  gunshot was fired into the air, and with that the five girls scrambled, on
  their knees, forward.  
I watched as Alice's tits shook with every motion. I looked down and watched
  as her sexy mouth engulfed my twitching cock. She used her mouth for suction
  at first, like she was trying to swallow it. She was also swirling her tongue
  around it. I was relieved at how quickly my cock became hard. It helped that
  Alice really knew what she was doing. She pumped her head back and forth, as
  slurping sounds filled the barn. Even given the circumstances, I couldn't believe
  I was actually receiving my first blow job, from my dream girl. I could feel
  my body quiver, it felt better than I ever imagined it would, and in a few
  minutes, I was getting close. Alice could sense this, I think, because she
  clamped down hard with her lip-covered teeth, while quickly jerking back and
  forth. Her tongue was also hard at work. The feeling was erotically intense.  
I'll never forget Alice's green eyes looking up at me, as I fired a shot
  of cum into her mouth, about the same time I heard a voice scream "first." Alice
  spun around a split second later, the judge behind her holding two fingers
  up over her head. My head was still a little foggy, but my crew behind her
  seemed pleased. I was even surprised to see Tank give a quick smile. The other
  chicks were hugging each other. I looked down at Alice who had a relieved look
  on her face. And yet, I was little disappointed at how I just missed first,
  and my chance to fuck Alice, by one second. That feeling went away however
  when Alice's lips returned to cock. She lovingly milked the rest of cum from
  me, but mostly she just licked it or sucked the head in her mouth. I was startled
  when I heard a voice bark out "third." Lost in my own lust, I forgot the contest
  was still going on.  
Alice suddenly pulled away and looked down the line. I was a little disappointed,
  but I looked down the line as well, and boy was I surprised at what I saw.
  The judge standing behind the bondage girl had one finger raised in the air
  and the judge standing behind the heavy girl next to me was holding up three
  fingers in the air. It was down to the last two -- the schoolgirl and the gorgeous
  girl in the skimpy bikini. I glanced down at Alice at this point, some of my
  cum still dripping from her lips and chin, still not believing it.  
I turned my attention back to the contest. The guy in front of the schoolgirl
  had a look of panic on his face. He was by far the oldest one in the group
  of contestants. He had to be in his fifties, so I got the whole schoolgirl
  thing, but it just wasn't happing for him. The last guy in the row, who was
  so confident before the contest, was having his own problems. I could quickly
  see why. He was hung like a horse and the gorgeous girl, with her hands tied
  behind her back, was having trouble fitting and keeping his cock in her mouth.
  She was trying, but she could only get the head into her small mouth. I guess
  she wasn't a deep throat expert. She might have looked like a model, but they
  needed a porn star for this guy.  
I continued watching, until the older schoolgirl spun around, cum dripping
  from her lips. And since she had finished fourth, there was plenty more of
  that to come.  
The barn broke into bedlam, as the contest was deemed official. People were
  yelling and screaming, some where celebrating, some where crying. My crew gathered
  around Alice and me. The girls were thanking us for taking them off the hook
  and the guys were congratulating each other. Probably thinking of the bikes
  they had just won, and the fact that their chicks were spared.  
My chair was rolled back into place and I was thankful to finally be cut
  down. My wrists were just starting to bleed. My hands numb. As I crashed down
  in the chair, the guys sprayed me with beer. I just sat there with my head
  in my hands. A feeling of great relief running through my body. A few tears
  probably being shed, too.  
"Hey kid," Tank said, lifting my head up.  
"I hope you don't have any plans this weekend, 'cause you do now," he said,
  as he poured some beer down my throat.  
("Wow, what else could happen to me?" I thought, as more beer was poured
  over my head.)  
Candy suddenly sat on my lap, rubbing her tits in my face, promising to make
  me into a man.  
Hack Saw just looked at me and smiled. "I guess you won't need those porno
  flicks this weekend after all."  
"No, he'll be staring in one!" Candy said, and I felt my groin stir again.  
"Let's take him back to the clubhouse for the initiation," I heard Tank say,
  before Alice protested. "But you said only if we won."  
"But we won new rides, that aught to be worth one piece of pussy," Tank said,
  with growl. "Who says that he'll pick you?"  
"Hear that," Candy purred into my ear. "Your dream might not be over after
  all. But you have to do her in front of the whole gang!"  
I gulped.  
The End  
STAY TUNED FOR MORE ADVENTURES.  
Please send me your comments. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Deputy Duffy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





