BDSM Library - Belle Meets Master




Belle Meets Master
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A shy sub meets her online master for a weekend of depraved love.Belle Meets Master [part 1 of 2] 
  By: Belleerotique (belleerotique@wmconnect.com) 
   
  Belle was raised as a good little girl in a small southern town. She had always
  done as she was told to do, always been the "good girl". She had always felt
  out of place though. She had always had dark thoughts about sex and about what
  felt good. She never realized exactly what though until she met her Master.
  Belle was a tall girl, 5'10" and weighed in at about 165. She looked like
    a tall curvy amazon, but she never felt like one. She was never ferocious.
    She always tried to blend into the background. Her mother had always made
    her hide her body, especially her 40 DD breasts. Until she met her Master.
  Her Master was someone she met on line. When she met him she realized that
    her body was a gift not a curse. She also realized that she liked being dominated
    and told what to do. She really truly wanted to please others, especially
    her Master.
  At first it started in a chat room. He made her his slave. She performed
    for him doing whatever he wanted her to do. Nothing was too degrading for
    Belle. Finally, Master arranged for them to meet in person. Belle was excited
    and nervous. What if Master did not like her?
  Belle went to pick up Master at an airport about 1hour away from her home.
    She had arranged to stay in a local hotel for the weekend. She was wearing
    the collar master had sent her, along with a black mini skirt, red tank top
    and 4 inch heels, making her 6'2" now. People stared at her especially her
    collar and bouncing breasts under the tank top. Men fantasized about Belle,
    but she was oblivious to them. She had eyes only for her Master. Finally,
    she saw him and when he came to a stop in front of her, Belle started to
    get on her knees right in the airport terminal. People stared, but Belle
    did not care.
  Her Master stroked her hair, touched her collar and grazed her hard nipple
    with his hand. He then raised her chin so that their eyes met. He smiled
    at Belle. "You have pleased me Belle.You followed my instructions on what
    to wear and how to act. You are a good pet and slave. I will reward you well
    this weekend."He took Belle's hands and lifted her up. They left the building
    to go to the hotel. Belle shivered, thinking of all the things that lay ahead
    for the weekend.
  The hotel that Belle had found was an unusual one that catered to unusual
    sexual practices. There were slaves and masters, transvestites and many other
    sexually different fetishes represented.
  As they entered the hotel room Belle and Master Jon noted that there were
    restraints already attached to the headboard of the bed. In the bedside table
    were a selection of paddles, dildos, butt plugs and clamps. In the bathroom
    was an enema bag.
  Master Jon ordered, "Belle, put my clothes away now and then give yourself
    an enema and shower. Be quick about it my darling slave. I am getting impatient." 
  Belle hurried to do as her Master ordered, dropping one of his outfits on
    the floor. As she picked it up she heard her Master say, "Naughty, Belle.
    You will later be punished for your clumsiness." Belle hurried and finished
    unpacking. She went to the bathroom and stripped her clothes off, revealing
    her hairless pussy and the tattoo on her pubis, a new addition, that read,
    Master Jon's pet slave. Belle proceeded to give herself an enema and then
    showered using the sweetly scented gel that Master Jon had ordered her to
    bring with her. Drying off she entered the bedroom once again.
  Belle did not see her Master anywhere and then she felt him come up behind
    her and grab her. He rammed one finger up her ass quickly to check her anal
    vault and said as he turned her, "Very good my pet, you are clean for me.
    I see the tattoo also went well." With this he petted her still slightly
    sore pubic area. He pinched one of her hard nipples and pushed her towards
    the bed.
  Belle lay back on the bed and raised her arms for her Master to restrain.
    Master Jon quickly took care of her arms. He then pulled her nipples up off
    her chest. Belle gasped hard as it felt as if her Master were going to pull
    them off her chest. Master Jon let them fall back and he reached inside the
    drawer and removed a set of nipple clamps, placing them on Belles nipples,
    tigthening them to increase their pressure. Belle moaned loudly in both pleasure
    and pain.
  Master then picked up the bag that he had brought with him and picked up
    what looked like a cat of nine tails made of silk. "You see this my pet.
    This is silk and when silk is wet it causes severe pain when it lands, yet
    it does not break the skin. I will now wet this and beat your lucious breasts
    and pussy. You were clumsy and you must be punished. Please count the strokes
    my pet or it will only be repeated." 
    
  Master wet the silk whip and brought it down switftly over Belle's aching
    breasts. Belle moaned, "One Master." Again, it came down on Belle's other
    breast, "Two Master". This went on for a count of thirty before Master Jon
    moved to her pussy. "Start counting again my pet, you are doing well" Master
    Jon brought the silken whip down on Belle's clit and tender pussy lips, making
    her moan even louder. She started the count, yet again. After twenty lashes
    Master Jon put the whip to his nose and smelled the wetness that was no longer
    water, but Belle's cunt juices that had soaked the whip. "Well my darling,
    I see you enjoyed your punishment and you toleratred it well. Now we will
    reward you and please me........
  Master reached down and took the nipple clamps off of Belle's nipples. Belle
    groaned in pain as the blood began to flow once again into her nipples. Master
    bent down and took first one nipple in his mouth while caressing the other
    one with his fingers. He gently licked and sucked on the hard pink nipples,
    now slightly red from their torture. He reached down to caress her bare pubis,
    covered by the tattoo. He changed his mouth from one nipple to the other
    as he began to pinch Belle's clitoris. Belle gasped and pushed her breast
    even further into her master's mouth. "So you like that do you my pet?" Well,
    tonight is not for you. It is for me. This whole night I will get my pleasure
    and you will not cum until I permit it. If you do cum without my permission
    you shall be punished. Do you understand?" 
  Belle groaned and said in a shy voice, "Yes master I understand, but it
    will be difficult. I desire you so much." 
  Master reached down to pinch her nipples hard. Without preparation he rammed
    his hard 9 inch dick into Belle's pussy with one hard thrust. Belle had had
    other lovers but none as big as Master. Even with her wetness it hurt Belle.
    However, she began to move her hips to meet her Master's hard thrusts. He
    began to gnaw on her already raw nipples, giving a hard bite every time Belle
    started a slide into climax, stalling the sensation. Master's dick kept pounding
    Belle's pussy harder and harder. He reached down and flipped Belle's legs
    over his shoulders. His cock went even deeper into Belle battering her cervix
    and finally, with a pop, he entered her womb. Both Belle and Master groaned,
    Belle in pain and Master in ecstasy. Master began to pound deep into Belle's
    womb causing pain with every stroke as he kept breaking through her cervix.
    Finally, Master could not take it any longer and he began to pound harder
    and harder and Belle felt him swell even larger inside of her. Master bent
    his head again, taking Belle's nipple in his mouth and bit down hard as he
    emptied his boiling seed deep in Belle's womb. Never had Belle felt anything
    like it. Even though there was pain just the idea of her master's seed deep
    in her pussy, Belle felt her pussy spasm as she came deep and long.
  Belle felt her master pull our of her cum soaked pussy and lean over her
    face. She knew that she had both pleased and displeased him from the look
    on his face, but his words only verified it, as he said, "Well, my pet. that
    was wonderful. I never felt anyone so tight and hot and wet. But you disobeyed
    me pet. I did not tell you to cum. Now it is time for more punishment." 
  To Be Continued.....
Belle Meets Master Part 2 [part 2 of 2] 
  By: Belleerotique (belleerotique@wmconnect.com) 
   
  Belle felt her master move off the bed and heard him move over to the bedside
  table where they had earlier found the paddles, gags, clamps and other toys.
  Master Jon moved back over to the bed and released Belle's arms and then he
  flipped her over onto her belly and refastened the bonds.
  "Belle, you disappointed me. I told you that you could not cum until I told
    you to and you did so anyway. What is your excuse?" 
  Belle trembled and responded, "Master just feeling you cum so deep inside
    of me I could not help myself. It hurt from being so deep, but just the thoughts
    of you and your cum deep in my body sent me over the edge. I am so, so sorry
    Master. Please forgive me." 
  Master Jon bent over to pull Belle's hair aside so that he could see her
    face. His voice gentled and said, "Oh Belle, I understand. I also understand
    that you have to learn to control yourself and obey me no matter what. I
    have to punish my little pet slut now. Do you understand this Belle?" 
  "Yes, Master" was Belle's soft reply.
  Master Jon moved to the closet and removed a padded bolster that he placed
    under Belle's stomach and legs, lifting her ass high in the air, opening
    her ass and pussy for him to see. Belle's long legs and high round ass made
    him harder than before, if that was possible.
  Belle felt her master sit on the bed on his knees and then she felt his
    hand rub her ass lovingly. That was the last loving touch she felt for quite
    a while.
  Smack! Belle screamed out as she felt her ass being pummeled by a hard paddle
    in her master's hand. It was so unexpected after the soft caress that she
    could not stifle her scream.
  "Belle, do not scream again or I will whip you with a whip and gag you.
    Is that clear?" Master Jon said harshly.
  Belle answered, "Yes Master. I will not scream again." 
  Belle felt her Master rear back and hit her tender ass yet again, hard.
    This time she did not scream out and bit her lip to keep from screaming.
    This hard paddling kept on for about 5 minutes, sometimes slow and sometimes
    hard. Finally, she felt her master move again as he reached for something.
  Suddenly she felt something hard and rubbery placed at her virgin asshole.
    Belle had often fantasized about having her ass fucked, but she had only
    ever participated in a cyber world, never in real life. Her master knew this.
    She felt the tip of what she later found out was a small butt plug, enter
    her ass. Her master then reared back and brought the paddle down directly
    on top of the butt plug, sending it deep in Belle's ass. Only the edge of
    the plug stopped it from being lost in Belle's virgin ass.
  As Belle groaned loudly, her master started padding the direct middle of
    her ass. "Well, my pet slave slut, how does it feel to finally have something
    in your ass? You better get used to it my dear because before long I am going
    to rip your ass apart. Do you understand?" 
  Belle moaned as she answered, "Yes master. But oh how it hurts!" 
  Belle felt her master come down hard on her ass with the paddle ten more
    times. Her ass was red and swollen by now and stood out against the rest
    of her white skin.
  Finally, Belle heard her master throw the paddle down on the ground and
    felt him move up behind her and remove the butt plug. He reached down and
    felt the wetness between her legs. "Pain gets you going doesn't it my pet
    slut? You really get off on your master punishing you don't you? When I get
    through with your ass you will be sore and tired, but we won't be finished.
    You will suck me clean. Is that clear my pet? You will suck me clean of both
    our juices and your shit. Do you deserve that my pet?" 
  Belle heard her master's nasty words. She was feeling abused and used and
    totally degraded, yet she felt loved. It was a weird feeling. Belle heard
    herself saying, "Master, I deserve whatever you deem me deserving of. I am
    yours totally." 
  "Then I guess you deserve this, then my pet slut," said Master Jon as he
    rammed his hard dick into Belle's virgin ass, making it virgin no more.
    
  Belle felt her master's hard dick ram into her ass and she moaned loudly.
    He had not used any lubrication and it felt hard and hot and dry and it felt
    as if he were tearing her tender ass apart. Belle's ass started bleeding
    a little and as it did so it burnt yet the blood added some ease to her ass
    making master able to move in and out easier and faster.
  "Well, my pet, your ass is now mine. Mine to use whenever I want, however
    I want. I want you to cum with my cock in your ass Belle. Do you understand
    this?" Master Jon demanded to know.
  "Yes, sir," was Belle's reply. As strange as it sounded, with the pain in
    her ass, the idea of her Master cumming deep inside of her ass, his cum mixing
    with her feces and blood it caused her pleasure. As she felt her master ram
    deep in her ass he reached under to grab her hard nipples and twisted both
    hard.
  Belle erupted in orgasm, pain and pleasure mixing in an incredible mixture.
    Never had she cum so hard, that she could remember.
  Master Jon felt Belle's ass spasm around his cock, milking him, and as he
    started to cum he grew even larger and started filling Belle's tender ass
    with his cum. Her spasming ass milked him of every drop of his seed, making
    him weak. After resting on Belle's back for a few minutes, his limp cock
    slipped from Belle's ass covered with blood and semen and her own shit.
  "Suck it!" was Master Jon's order as he moved around to the head of the
    bed and placed his nasty dick in Belle's mouth.
  Belle raised her head and took his dick into her mouth, licking it clean.
    It tasted nasty, but in a way it tasted good. It was a mixture of herself
    and her master. She loving cleaned his dick.
  Finally, Master Jon removed his dick from her mouth. He reached down and
    released Belle's arms from their restraints and rolled her over onto her
    side as he started caressing her hot, ravaged rump.
  "Well, my love, how does it feel to not be an ass virgin anymore?" asked
    Master Jon.
  Belle looked lovingly into her master's eyes and said, "Wonderful Master.
    I feel like I belong to you totally now." 
  "You do my pet. I love you more for it. But our weekend is not over and
    you still have to prove that you will obey my every command. Do you think
    you can do that no matter what I ask? No matter with whom I ask it of?" Master
    Jon gently asked his new slave.
  "Yes, Master, no matter what or who," was Belle's certain, soft response.
  TO BE CONTINUED......

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Belleerotique


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





