BDSM Library - Jess Gets a Spanking




Jess Gets a Spanking
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jess is acting like a spoiled child so Eric gives her a spanking...Jess Gets a Spanking
Jess did not want to continue this
      argument with Eric anymore. She refused to say anything, as she climbed
    outta the car and walked in to the house with Eric on her heels, making his
    anger known by slamming the door, which seemed to shiver in the frame. The
    couple stormed into the living room.  
&quot;You would be the only one
    to care so much about it that you would not even consider your girl friend,
    you, you...&quot; she trailed off for a moment before starting up with a
    string of oaths, instinctively searching for the words that would hurt him.
    As she continued her tirade she advanced on him, ready to claw his eyes out.   
&quot;That sluttish tongue of yours
    will get you into nothing but trouble.&quot; he said grabbing her upraised
    hands with almost bone crushing strength.   
Startled by the strength by which
    he held her wrists, Jess backed up against the armrest of the nearby couch,
    managing to step on Eric's instep. Losing his balance, Eric pushed against
    Jess, causing them both to fall over the armrest. Jess landed on the couch,
    while Eric had no such luck. Trying not to land on the floor, Eric rolled
    to the left, crashing head first in the wall. Cursing loudly, Eric climbed
    to his feet, holding his head. Jess decided it would be best if she disappeared
    before he remembered her earlier flippancy over his now splitting headache.
    Wandering into the guest bathroom, she closed the door and turned the shower
    on. She could not remember what their argument had been about exactly, but
    she knew she had triggered it. They had been at Mike's house celebrating
    Mike's birthday, when she had started this whole thing. She had made Eric
    mad enough that he had decided he had enough. He had grabbed her by the elbow,
    with bruising strength, and led her to the car.   
They had yelled at each other all
    the way home. Pulling her dress over her head, Jess inspected her elbow.
    It had already started to bruise. Grimacing, Jess pulled her braw and panties
    off. Her skin chilled in the cool air. Jess released her long gold hair,
    letting it fall to the small of her back. That was when she realized there
    was no clean towel on the towel rack. Rolling her eyes she opened the door
    a crack, and not seeing Eric, slipped out to grab a towel from their closet.
    Wrapping the towel around herself, she headed back to the bathroom when she
    noticed a note on the door. She had not noticed it when she had gone to get
    the towel. Eric had said he was going back to the party. She felt like a
    bath now, not a shower. Jess wandered back in to the kitchen, after turning
    the shower off, and poured her self a glass of wine. After taking a long
    and languorous bath, Jess went to her and Eric's bedroom and stared at the
    empty bed. Jess imagined Eric in the arms of the beautiful girl with black
    hair back at Mike's party who had all but thrown herself at him. Eric had
    been all but drooling over her too, causing Jess to become sick with jealousy.
    He did not seem to realize the effect he had on other girls. Jess hated it,
    but after their fight, she could not help but feel like Eric might actually
    sleep with another girl. Grabbing a blanket, Jess headed to one of the guest
    rooms. She did not feel like sharing a bed with him tonight, when and if
    he came home reeking of another's girl's perfume.   
Slipping under the covers, Jess
    fell quickly to sleep, worn from all of the night's drama.   
 Mean while, across the city at
    Michael's, Eric decided to try something. He had been spending the last two
    hours talking to several of Mike's friends, including that one girl he had
    noticed earlier, before Jess had decided to pick a fight. Her name was Angela.
    She had long straight black hair that shined, and contrasting gray eyes.
    He knew they were contacts, but he could not seem to take his eyes away from
    hers'. They seemed to remind him of Jess's eyes. Maybe it was the emerald
    flecks that remind you of a warm and radiant spring day, which reminded him
    of Jess. He knew that Angela would be an easy girl, but her shallowness annoyed
    him no end. No one seemed to compare to Jess. Despite her behavior tonight,
    she was anything and everything he needed. As he was thinking Angela leaned
    towards him resting a hand on his knee, with her ample cleavage showcased
    by her daringly low cut blouse looking like it might fall out. He suddenly
    wanted Jess in his arms. Brushing Angela off, Eric climbed to his feet. The
    task made slightly difficult, being half drunk. Saying his good-byes, he
    made his way home.   
By the time he got home all the
    lights were out and it was well past 3:00 in the morning. Setting his keys
    down on the counter, Eric slipped his shoes off and headed to the fridge
    for some water. A chilled bottle of White Zin lay on its side. Pulling it
    out he realized that what once had been an unopened full bottle was now nearly
    empty. Sighing he headed to bathroom to brush his teeth and wash his face.
    Before he even turned the light in the bedroom on, he could sense that the
    bed would be empty. 'Damn her!', he thought. Pulling off his pants and shirt,
    he went to the other bedroom, knowing which one she would be in. His barely
    leashed anger made him sober slightly as he turned the light to the room
    on. Startled, Jess sat up in bed, the sheets slipping down her waist revealing
    her perky breasts and hardening nipples. His naked body revealed by the harsh
    light caused a lump in her throat. Taking in his expression, Jess swallowed
    and tried to protest his rudeness on waking her in such a fashion but quickly
    changed her mind. &quot;I thought you might want to be alone tonight, and
    I wanted to be too.&quot; she lied, she realized as she looked up at him.
    He knows, she thought to herself. His expression quickly darkened. She tried
    to cover herself with the sheet, suddenly self-conscience of her naked body.
    Snatching the sheet from her he threw it to the floor and yanked her out
    of the bed and against him. Her heated flesh seemed to burn him where they
    touched. She looked down at the ground, knowing what he wanted, and though
    she wanted it too, could not bring herself to give in just yet. She knew
    he would not cheat, he loved her too much. She was acting like a spoiled
    child. He felt her body, tense against his. Her breasts pressed against his
    chest. &quot;You are acting like a child.&quot;, he said, seeming to read
    her mind, &quot;Maybe you need to be taught a lesson?&quot; he finished,
    his voice quiet and rough. Grabbing her around the middle he swung her up
    and over onto his thighs as he sat on the end of the bed. Jess, if not fully
    awake and sober earlier, was now, and started to struggle, knowing what he
    intended to do to her bared ass. She laughed at first, thinking he might
    be joking... Then his right hand came down, pinning her on to his thighs.
    She had squirmed enough that his left knee was now pressed against her tingling
    clit, creating a delicious sensation. She felt his left hand touching her
    bare ass, massaging it for a moment, before it's presence disappeared. She
    heard the first blow before she felt it. Inhaling sharply, she bit her lip,
    trying not to whimper as she felt the sting. He had smacked her bottom before,
    but it was playful, and not nearly as hard as that first blow had been. Grabbing
    his legs as best she could she clung to him as he sent down several blows.
    At first she was pretty successful and only made little cries, but they quickly
    turned to small soft whimpers. And then suddenly he stopped, his hand now
    softly caressing her heated skin. &quot;Are you ok?&quot; he asked afraid
    for a second he might actually have hurt her. His voice was gentle and seemed
    to soothe her. She nodded. He could feel the heat from her pussy on his knee,
    and the slight moistness from it, making him hard as he smiled. &quot;Stand
    up.&quot; he ordered. She did so quickly, imagining her butt glowing a bright
    red in her mind, illuminating the room. He grabbed her shoulders, and turning
    out the light, guided her to their bedroom. Turning her around to face him,
    he backed her up against the bed and gave her a deep possessive kiss, before
    pushing her onto the bed. Her head fell back onto the pillow, and she was
    immediately reminded of her burning bottom as the cool cotton rubbed roughly
    against it. But when Eric climbed over her, she no longer felt the slight
    burning pain of her backside, but the flood of juices to her aching pussy.
    Opening her legs as he knelt between them, she raised her hips, inviting
    him. Angling his cock, he slipped slowly inside of her, then, pulled out
    till just the tip remained, he plunged back in. She cried out and dropped
    her head back against the pillow. Eric grabbed her hips and pulled her onto
    him as he thrust in and out. His cock was a hard thrusting thing that seemed
    to hit something deep inside her that sent little shocks of pleasure to race
    through her body, making her cry and whimper each time. He felt her first
    spasms as she clamped down on him as she came. Her back arched slightly and
    her nipples seemed to harden almost painfully as she felt her body tighten.
    She reached out her hands, letting them roam across his arms and chest, down
    his hard belly, and around to his tense back, feeling the muscles bunch and
    flex. She wanted to hold him still inside of her, for just a little bit,
    to feel him fill her, but he was relentless, trying to force himself in deeper,
    pulling her onto him, her cries and moans become more intense as she came
    again, coming really hard because she had had little time to recover from
    the first one. Finally, at the urging of her trying to pull him closer, he
    lied down on top of her, hugging her to him. She held him close to her, enjoying
    his weight upon her. They kissed with a passion that they had not had for
    a while, until she drew back from it. She pressed her lips to his neck and
    wrapped her left leg around his right and tried to roll, he knew what she
    was trying and went along, rolling to the right, till she was on top. She
    sat up, still holding him inside her, and looked down at him, a slight grin
    on her face. &quot;I think I should act like a spoiled child more often.&quot; she
    said, as he let his hands massage her breasts and tease her nipples, pinching
    them. She leaned forward and started to move up and down on him, teasing
    him by going slowly. Deciding he had enough of that, he moved his hands to
    her still tender bottom and started to knead not too gently, causing her
    to let out a startled little yelp followed by a little chuckle. &quot;Act
    like a spoiled child, and you shall be treated accordingly&quot;, he said
    trying to sound reprimanding, his voice had a touch of humor, but she could
    tell he was serious too. Pulling her off him, and before turning her over
    on her hands and knee's, sucked on her nipples, coming close to bringing
    a gasp of pleasure from her. Jess's stomach knotted in excitement as he grasped
    her hips, and drove into her, feeling her pussy tighten around him as he
    fucked her as hard and as fast as he could, until he came. Exhausted, they
    both fell onto the bed, her face turned into his shoulder. &quot;Sorry about
    my attitude earlier, I should not have been like that. It won't happen again&quot; Jess
    murmured after a long moment. In the dark, she could almost hear Eric smile. &quot;I
    was wondering how long it would take you to apologize&quot;, he said, feeling
    her frown before chuckling, &quot;I am sorry too.&quot; he finished pulling
    her closer as he drifted off to sleep.................   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Krystal Dreams


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





