BDSM Library - Silent Roses




Silent Roses
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Lovely one-shot short story... romantic bondage and the Master is the strong, silent type.Silent Roses
My entire body shuddered and shook as the tip of the rose slowly
    glided its way from my neck, between my quivering breasts, down my torso,
  stopping only to circle my belly button, then down further, pausing just above
  the dark, moist warmth that was screaming for attention. It then made its way
  back, following the same trail it had taken down, ending as it traces my lips.
  I gently kiss it, smelling the sweet, light scent, smiling at the dark, erotic
  red colour, the way the petals elegantly form the most beautiful shape. 
My eyes leave it only to look into His eyes. He smiles down me, a small gesture
  that sends tidal waves of anticipation right through my body. My toes curl
  slightly, my calves tighten and flex, my hips squirm against the softness of
  the bed, my fingers claw out then retract into a tight fist, my eyes plead
  for a touch&hellip; all this brought on by the slightest facial expression.
  He slowly, casually gathers the black silk scarf from the night table, and,
  lifting my head gently, places it over my eyes, tying the knot behind my head
  until the blindfold is secured.  
My heart automatically races, beads of sweat magically appearing on my forehead
  and chest. My senses become almost panicked, my ears straining almost painfully
  to hear the slightest sound. I even hold my breath, as the sound of it interferes
  with my intense search for the slightest sounds of my Beloved as He moves around
  the room. I know He is planning something, but I never know when the first
  sensation will come, or what it will feel like. The anticipation is unbearable,
  until suddenly, the hot, searing hisssss as hot wax hits the skin of my inner
  thigh is heard and felt. I jump, but the surprised shriek quickly turns to
  a low, soft moan, my limbs writhing to the limits of the rope that holds them
  tight to the bed.  
I jump again as the blinding cold and wet sensation jolts me as He runs an
  ice cube around my nipple&hellip; first my left then the right, and I find
  myself trying desperately to control my breathing. But the deep, ragged gasps
  continue, and soon I get frustrated with the ropes that hold me prisoner in
  one place on the bed. I long to squirm and thrash about, to give in to the
  sensations and let my body react as it should&hellip; but the ropes hold me
  still, allowing only my mind to react, only thoughts to thrash about and scream
  for mercy.  
Then I find myself moaning, softly at first, then louder, as a finger slowly
  trails between the lips of my pussy, stroking it, petting it, squeezing and
  teasing my clit. Then two fingers slip into the depths of my pussy, causing
  me to arch my back sharply, more moans escaping my throat. Slowly they stroke
  in and out of my pussy, my hips grinding against His arm, until soon a sheen
  of sweat covers my body and the moans increase in intensity and volume.  
Suddenly the fingers to heaven are snatched away, and I cry out in frustration,
  still grinding my hips, searching for another touch. I can hear Him moving,
  and sense that He's close and somewhere in front of me. I realize where exactly
  He is right before I feel the gates of heaven open as He thrusts His cock deep
  inside me, my screams silenced by the sensation of absolute bliss. He leans
  over and whispers into my ear things I can't hear, or hear but the words seem
  to join together into one soothing sound. I moan again as He thrusts hard and
  fast, and nearly scream and curse as He pulls out, His cock sliding out of
  my aching pussy.  
I feel the ropes loosen, then get pulled off. I move to take the blindfold
  off, but His hand stops me, telling me to hush and be patient. With His hands
  guiding me, I move to all fours, then He gently pushes my head until my forehead
  touches the bed, my ass still high in the air. There is a pause, and what lasts
  mere seconds, feels like an eternity. Suddenly, whack!!! The crop hisses down,
  striking the left side of my ass, then another quick and just as hard, on the
  other side. I shriek and moan, wiggling my hips, but keeping my forehead resting
  on the bed.  
Again, a pause, and this time, my senses refuse to become alert, my mind
  hazing over like a pillow of clouds. This time, I feel the hard plug teasing
  my ass. I wiggle my ass, trying to push it in, but the toy is removed from
  touching my skin, releasing another low growl from my mouth. I remain still,
  and the toy is brought back, this time, He pushes it in, and my back arches
  sharply once again. The plug is seated in deeply, and I once again worship
  the sensation of His cock inside my pussy. He wastes no time, thrusting deep
  inside of me&hellip; hard&hellip; fast&hellip; again and again until I know
  I wouldn't be able to see anything even if there was no blindfold. He grabs
  my hair and pulls back firmly, my attention returning to Him, and uses my hair
  as leverage for harder, faster thrusting. I fear entering a state of animalistic
  insanity, as my entire body grows an intense hunger for Him&hellip; and for
  Him to cum, to take the pleasure that is His to receive.  
Just as I feel His cock harden and tense up, I feel him lean forward and
  whisper those glorious words of permission into my ear. The waves if such intensity
  feel as if they rip straight through my body. Two become one, and I nearly
  faint as I feel the warm liquid of passion released from His cock, shooting
  deep into my pussy. I scream as my senses go numb, save for the flood of orgasm
  that I swore would tear my body in two. We collapse down to the mattress, His
  cock still inside me, His strong arms holding me tight against Him. He kisses
  the back of my neck and shoulders, telling me that I've been His good girl.
  I'm flying with joy as the words repeat themselves over and over in my mind.  
With His fingers trailing along my skin, stroking the muscles that occasionally
  tremble and shudder, I close my eyes. With my back against His stomach and
  His arms around my waist, I fall asleep, feeling the strength of love and the
  devotion of a slave to her Master, and a Master to His slave. At that moment,
  we feel like the only two people in the world.  
And we are the world, to each other.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  crimson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





