BDSM Library - Dr. Stanton and Miss Martin Find Each Other




Dr. Stanton and Miss Martin Find Each Other
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A matron with masochistic desires is hired at a girls' school were caning is freqent.  She persuadaes the headmaster to cane her and eventually, after one such caning, they have anal sex.DR. STANTON AND MISS MARTIN FIND EACH OTHER  
(Part of a series published elsewhere)  
 
  By Alex   
Dr.Stanton, on his appointment as headmaster at St. Swithin's School For
  Girls, made many changes in his staff in order to improve the school's performance
  and reputation. Some of these changes had a double purpose, however, being
  carefully planned to facilitate his private ambition in regards to the caning
  of his pupils. This punishment was already accepted as a proper way to maintain
  the discipline so necessary to excellent academic performance, but pursuing
  this activity to an unusual extent was a very distinctive part of his own satisfaction.
  Among the most important of these two-edged changes was his appointment of
  a new school matron, one whom he felt he could rely upon to accept without
  qualms the parade of striped bottoms that would inevitably result from extensive
  reliance upon the cane for the maintenance of high standards in all aspects
  of his pupils' activities. This was especially important because he believed
  that, if a caning was to be effective, it should be administered with appropriate
  severity across a bared bottom. Such a belief produced bottoms that were not
  merely striped by the cane, but often very colorfully marked and deeply corrugated.
  His own career had earlier suffered a temporary reversal when a school matron
  had protested at the frequency of painful results that were coming to her attention.
  This, he was determined, would not happen again.  
He had not trusted the matron who was already in place on his arrival at
  St. Swithin's and, after advertising the position anew, had selected Miss Martin
  from the applicants. She had most convincingly passed a test he had devised,
  conducting the applicants through his office while a cane was hanging in view
  and casually commenting that the matron would be required to attend canings
  as an observer. Miss Martin had accepted the notice almost enthusiastically
  and he had promptly appointed her. That she was young, only 30, with a remarkably
  fine figure and a bottom that, even obscured by her uniform, had immediately
  aroused in him thoughts of what a splendid target for the cane it might be,
  were only additional bonuses.  
She proved both effective and popular at the school. She had, further, exhibited
  no reluctance when, soon and sure enough, the first erring young lady had to
  report to Dr. Stanton's office for a severe caning. Dr. Stanton not only required
  that Miss Martin attend but also that the young lady first visit Miss Martin's
  office so that Miss Martin could ascertain whether the day appointed was an
  appropriate one according to the young lady's own personal calendar. Indeed
  it was and Miss Martin provided this information very readily. Dr. Stanton
  had her come to his study 10 minutes before the miscreant herself was due to
  arrive. This was early in his career as headmaster of St. Swithin's and he
  was still administering the cane in his official study, located on the second
  floor of his residence. He informed Miss Martin in as matter of fact a manner
  as possible that he would have the young lady remove her skirt and knickers
  and bend over the back of an armchair to receive 18 hard strokes. She did not
  seem in the least surprised at this and, when the pupil appeared, remained
  discretely in the background as Dr. Stanton gave his orders. She stayed there
  as the miscreant, face red with embarrassment, removed her skirt and knickers,
  placed them on the seat of the chair over which she was to bend, and then shuffled
  around to the back to bend over with very evident reluctance, placing her elbows
  on the seat and her head between them, helplessly sticking her bare bottom
  up above the back of the chair.  
During the caning itself, of course, Dr. Stanton had to concentrate on that
  bared bottom and the accurate delivery of his strokes, but he managed to steal
  an occasional glance at Miss Martin. If she was at all disconcerted, either
  by the sounds of the hissing cane, the thwacks of its impact across the proffered
  bottom, the gasps and yowls of protest, or by the sight of the young lady's
  rear jumping in response to the cane, the gyrating of her hips and the crimsoning
  tram-lines across her bottom cheeks, she certainly did not show it. Indeed,
  when the miscreant was finally sent sobbing on her way, clutching her bottom
  under her restored skirt, Miss Martin complimented him quietly on the effectiveness
  of the punishment. Dr. Stanton, seeing an opportunity to sound her out a little
  further, remarked that he hoped that she did not find this discipline too severe,
  and she responded, after a slight pause, "Oh, not all! Not at all! The female
  posterior is remarkably resilient and well capable of absorbing very severe
  chastisement in the cause of educating the brain, without any lasting damage
  to itself whatsoever!" Dr. Stanton congratulated himself anew on making such
  an admirable appointment.  
The future continued to confirm this judgment. Dr. Stanton realized even
  that he appreciated Ms. Martin's presence at the canings, which grew ever more
  frequent. Whether it was because he felt the appreciation of a kindred soul,
  or whether he felt that it was an insurance against criticism, he wasn't sure,
  but he regularly checked for her agreement. In general, however, it was her
  approval that he sought, rather than her advice. There was, however, a partial
  exception to this. As he established his practices, he also ordered the conversion
  into a second study of some space on his third floor that had formerly been
  servant's quarters. This study he used almost exclusively for discipline and
  there he installed a specially designed caning table with a padded hump at
  its business end, kept his extensive collection of canes and consulted his
  registers of corporal punishment. With the increasing number of canings and
  the elaboration of the accompanying rules, he thought it a good idea to introduce
  another level of approval. Thus, when a pupil was receiving a severe caning
  he would customarily consult with Miss Martin on the state of the young lady's
  bottom after 18 strokes (and again after 30, on the rare occasions when the
  punishment was to exceed that), continuing the punishment only if she declared
  it acceptable. At first, he would simply ask her to examine the bottom under
  the cane and inform him if he could go further but, after some discrete encouragement
  on her part, he allowed himself to join in the inspection. This, of course,
  allowed him two privileges that he had secretly desired: one was a careful
  and close-up look at the marks he had just inflicted, the other was a chance
  to peer into the intimate places within the cleft of the bottom and between
  the thighs. Miss Martin was surely aware that he made the most of these opportunities
  but she certainly did nothing to discourage him.  
Miss Martin, to consider her in her turn, had arrived at this situation by
  a long and complicated route. Her childhood had not been a happy one. Her father
  had died when she was four and her mother had remarried a man of very unpleasant
  disposition. He had treated the mother very strictly and had frequently beaten
  the child. Her mother's attitude had been somewhat ambiguous, for she had seemed
  to side with her husband in the administration of discipline but had also warmly
  comforted her child after it had been administered. Miss Martin had thus come
  to associate affection with chastisement. A particularly traumatic occasion
  had occurred when Miss Martin was twelve years old and was just discovering
  the pleasures of sexuality. Her stepfather had discovered her lying on her
  bed pleasuring herself and had responded with a rage, beating her mercilessly
  with a strap. Afterwards, in her bewilderment, the young Miss Martin had examined
  her severely bruised bottom in a mirror and, in further confusion, had finished
  masturbating, reaching her first orgasm.  
A further conflation of pleasure and pain had occurred when she was fifteen.
  She had been discovering that she was sexually attracted to both boys and girls
  and on this particular occasion her stepfather, whom she had supposed to be
  away at work, had walked into her room while she and another girl were naked
  on her bed, exploring each other enthusiastically. Her stepfather, enraged
  even more than before, had sent her friend running screaming from the house
  and had fetched a cane that, although kept in the house, had not been used
  on Miss Martin before. Her mother had joined him and had seemed to be as upset
  as her husband. Perhaps because of this, they had made the punishment unusually
  formal, bending her, still naked, over the back of a chair, and caning her
  until her bottom was black and blue. The pain had been excruciating, but Miss
  Martin had by now learnt to keep still and protest as little as possible, for
  protesting had always earned her more punishment. Afterwards, perversely perhaps,
  she had gone out with a boy her own age, who had asked to see her severely
  bruised bottom. She had showed him and, to her surprise, he had become very
  excited, asking urgently to have sex. Knowing at least something about the
  risks of becoming pregnant, Miss Martin had refused. The boy, however, was
  more experienced sexually than she was and, undeterred, had then persuaded
  her to try anal sex. He had been surprisingly careful and, sore though her
  bottom still was, she had actually enjoyed it. Thus, again, did particular
  kinds of pleasure and pain become even more strongly connected.  
It was not the last time her stepfather her punished her and from this point
  onwards he used the cane. These beatings were excruciatingly painful but, peculiarly
  enough, Miss Martin actually found that she preferred the cane to other implements
  he had formerly used. Perhaps it was because the immediate pain of the cane's
  impact was almost paralyzing and usually, by the time that it began to subside,
  she had gained control over herself. Perhaps also it was because every time
  she was caned she remembered that peculiarly pleasant feeling of the boy squeezing
  in and out of her bottom.  
The boy, unfortunately, had left the neighborhood almost immediately after
  the incident and she did not find a replacement for him, either male or female.
  Her stepfather had died about two years later, little lamented. Miss Martin
  had gone on to nursing school, for it seemed a good profession. Being a very
  intelligent young woman, she had done very well and continued on to a job in
  an excellent hospital. During this time, she had had a sequence of intimate
  friends, both male and female, but none of them had been able to make lasting
  sense of her peculiar blend of intelligence, warmth, neediness, and masochism.
  She had learnt to exercise a very high degree of self-control and had been
  both very friendly but peculiarly distant with most people. But she had grown
  into a distinctly beautiful, fair haired and fine-figured young woman. It had
  been clear at the hospital that several doctors had been extremely irritated
  at finding so attractive a nurse so unavailable,  
After acquiring an excellent training, she had accepted a job as nurse in
  a private girls' school, where she performed very well indeed. Having acquired
  such a high degree of self-control, she never threatened the morals of the
  older girls, even though she admitted to herself that she found some of them
  physically attractive. And neither did she form any attachments to adults,
  either male or female, for experience had taught her to recognize people who
  would be intimately compatible and she met no such person. Her excellent performance
  led to a more senior job at another school, and then to a position as head
  nurse in another, smaller school. At this last school, corporal punishment
  with a tawse was sometimes administered and, since girls who had suffered this
  indignity sometimes came to her afterwards, hoping for some relief, it was
  here that she finally saw the bottom of another person who had been chastised.
  In her actions she was entirely professional, suggesting nothing wrong about
  the punishment itself but offering comfort and some salve. But she was entirely
  fascinated by the bruising, characteristic of the tawse, with the long, dark-edged,
  rectangular red marks wrapping around the cheeks, and bluish patches on the
  right cheek where strokes overlapped. Long before, her stepfather had used
  the tawse on her but, at that time, she had seen the results only by twisting
  round to look in a mirror. Now she got to see them in detail, and on another
  bottom actually presented for her examination. It was also the case that rubbing
  salve into the bottom cheeks of a tearful sixth-former lying face down on her
  nurse's table was a very pleasant experience. As a nurse, of course, she had
  seen everything, male and female, and such experience had enabled her effectively
  to distance her feelings from the activity. But there was something rather
  more personal about this particular activity, partly because of her identification
  with the events that had led up to it.  
She had applied for the position of head school nurse at St. Swithin's as
  soon as she saw the advertisement, for the school was much larger and the salary
  correspondingly higher. A colleague had warned her that St. Swithin's had a
  reputation for its severe discipline (a reputation which, of course, was shortly
  to be much reinforced) but, not surprisingly, this did not deter Miss Martin
  from applying. On her visit for an interview, although she was a little dismayed
  at finding how remotely situated was the school, she had been very impressed
  with the quality of the education and the school's resources. The sight of
  the cane hanging on a chair in the headmaster's study and his seemingly casual
  mention of both his disciplinary practices and the attendance expected of her,
  intrigued rather than offended her, for the cane had played an important role
  in her own development and she had not seen one since. She was delighted when
  her application was successful.  
She soon settled into the school and was very popular with both pupils and
  staff for, despite the distance she privately maintained for herself, she was
  very friendly and helpful. When Dr. Stanton had first informed her that an
  offense deserving of the cane had been committed, her interest was intense.
  She knew, however, that she would have to maintain a cool and professional
  attitude, even as she might also let Dr. Stanton know that she was quite comfortable
  with the event. And so it was, for Dr. Stanton had not the faintest idea of
  what was going through her mind.  
When the young woman removed her skirt and knickers, as ordered, and presented
  her bared bottom over the back of the chair, and Dr. Stanton adopted his position
  to her left, raising his cane to measure his first stroke across the proffered
  target, it was as though Miss Martin was recovering the sense of identity that
  her childhood had imprinted on her some fifteen years earlier. She was almost
  mesmerized by the sight of the fully rounded, twinned cheeks presented to the
  cane as this implement bridged the dark cleft, and she felt not only the sudden
  stillness and silence in the room but also her own fear as she had been forced
  to present her own bottom in such a similar way so long before. But now she
  also realized that raising and rounding the female bottom in this way was singularly
  effective in maximizing its aesthetic and, equally, it was never one of the
  many views afforded during medical practice. She stared with dawning astonishment
  at this remarkable association of beauty and pain.  
Swish! Thwatt! Ooohoo Ow Oh! Ms. Martin almost jumped out her skin in sympathetic
  shock as the Headmaster, in a very well-practiced movement, suddenly released
  the first stroke and the unfortunate young lady bucked her bottom and howled
  in protest. Ms. Martin's shock, however, turned into fascination again, as
  she watched a momentary thin white line across the bare bottom turn red, then
  crimson and begin to swell in the formerly smooth skin . Her reliving of her
  own experience, now as a peculiarly detached observer, was oddly mixed with
  her expert medical knowledge of what was going on under the skin of the stricken
  cheeks to produce these colorful changes.  
Fortunately, neither the Headmaster, nor the young lady, were in a position
  to notice Miss Martin's initial reaction and, when the Headmaster stole a glance
  at her (of which she was well aware), she had entirely composed herself. She
  watched the entire punishment, all eighteen strokes of it (the miscreant's
  protests would normally have earned her extra strokes, but Dr. Stanton, uncertain
  of Miss Martin's reaction, decided to forgo this in the interests of maintaining
  her approval), with continuing fascination and, when the young lady finally
  pulled her knickers back on, over her quite vividly striped bottom, put her
  skirt on again and fled tearfully from the room after a brief admonition from
  the Headmaster, Miss Martin knew exactly what and how the sorry young woman
  was feeling.  
She recognized in the Headmaster's concluding questions to her that he was
  sounding out her attitude, so she tried to give him reassurance without revealing
  anything of her own emotions and then took her leave. Subsequently Miss Martin
  attended the canings of a great many of the school's pupils and was, indeed,
  peripherally involved with Dr. Stanton's planning and construction of a new
  room expressly for corporal punishment on the third floor of his residence.
  She maintained a remarkable balance in her professional attitude between cooperation
  with Dr. Stanton's policies and friendly advice and ministration for the pupils.
  Meanwhile, she was thinking long and carefully about the desires that were
  welling up inside her. It was not until almost a year and a half had passed
  that she finally decided to take what was admittedly a large risk and commit
  herself to satisfying her impulses. Having determined to do so, she made sure
  to move with extreme care and waited until an interesting but comparatively
  mild session of punishment was sent to her for approval. Three of the more
  innocent pupils were scheduled each to receive a classic caning of six strokes.
  She thought this would be a suitable occasion for her fateful move, since she
  did not want to make herself immediately vulnerable to the excitement that
  she often recognized in the Headmaster when he had finished a more severe caning.  
The three pupils were called into the study together, where the Headmaster
  briefly lectured them, having previously done so at greater length, and told
  them that they were each going to receive six with the cane, the one who was
  less culpable six good strokes and the other two six of the best. The latter
  two were then sent to wait outside the study door, which was carefully left
  ajar, and the first miscreant, remaining on that critical spot in the center
  of the study, was told to turn to her right, bend over with her feet together,
  and touch her toes. The Headmaster than folded her skirt up, pulled her knickers
  down to her knees, and administered six very smart wrist-strokes across her
  bottom, producing a neat pattern of six, closely spaced red lines. The girl
  was obviously both very startled and pained, but managed to maintain her position.
  Tears were oozing from her eyes, however, as she was ordered from the room.
  The next girl was called in and was told to remove her knickers and hold them
  in her hand, and then to face the right, place her feet apart and bend right
  over, all of which she did with a reddening face. The headmaster raised her
  skirt, folding it up carefully, stood back measuring his distance with the
  cane and delivered a hard half-stroke. The miscreant shrieked and jumped up
  clutching her bottom. Her punishment was finally completed, with an extra two
  strokes for bad behavior and, after desperately pulling up her knickers back
  over a bottom striped both more extensively and more scarlet than that of her
  predecessor, she almost ran from the room. The third pupil was called in and
  caned in the same manner as the second. She had looked rather rebellious so
  the Headmaster delivered the strokes a little harder and the crimson stripes
  across her bottom grew noticeably darker, but she managed to keep her position
  and received only six strokes.  
After the three miscreants were dispatched along the corridor and down the
  stairs, Dr. Stanton closed the study door. As he returned to the center of
  the room he suddenly found Miss Martin had made a very unusual move. She had
  come from behind the desk, from where she always observed the canings, and
  was now more or less where the three girls had stood before bending over, standing
  there with eyes downcast.  
Dr. Stanton, who had come to wonder about Miss Martin's distinctive attitude
  towards his disciplinary practices, had an immediately instinctive sense of
  what was about to happen, but nevertheless proceeded extremely carefully.  
"Well, Miss Martin, let us hope that those three have learnt an effective
  lesson, though certainly I wonder whether their punishment was sufficiently
  severe?"  
A pause, then, suddenly but quietly, "Headmaster, my own behavior has been
  equally dubious &hellip; I &hellip; I think it would be appropriate for you
  to give me six of the very best as well."  
So! The moment that Dr. Stanton had occasionally allowed himself to envision
  had quite unexpectedly materialized! But he continued, again, cautiously. He
  refrained from enquiring about her offense, which almost certainly was imagined
  and probably irrelevant.  
"Very well! It is unfortunate but, as you say, necessary. I will administer
  six-of-the-very-best &hellip; do you understand what that means?"  
"Yes, headmaster, I do.'  
He had asked because he always used deliberately specific terms and he knew
  that Miss Martin was aware of them. Six-of-the-very-best meant that he raised
  the cane above his shoulder and delivered a full, very hard stroke. It also
  normally required the miscreant to remove both skirt and knickers before bending
  over. Even more cautiously, however, he proceeded along this path.  
"Very well, again! Will you please remove your skirt and knickers accordingly,
  turn to face the wall on your right, and bend over."  
He was abbreviating his orders and leaving out some details, such as the
  request to cross the room to place discarded clothes on a chair by the door,
  a short walk that inevitably resulted in exposure of the body below the blouse,
  and the command to place legs apart before bending over. Truth be told, he
  was slightly flustered by this sudden development, but he also though it best
  to leave some choices to Miss Martin, who knew well enough what was normally
  expected. In fact, she made some choices and, rather than walking across the
  room, removed her skirt and panties (for they certainly were not regulation
  school knickers) were she was standing, letting them drop to the floor, before
  turning in the necessary direction and bending over, but with feet together.  
Dr. Stanton, at this moment, almost wished he could simply be an observer
  rather than an administrator, for here in front of him was suddenly revealed,
  completely bare, the bottom that he had secretly admired in its clothed privacy
  for nearly two years. Her long, elegant legs were together, and in her position,
  bending right over with fingers touching the floor, the conjunction of the
  cleft between the glorious spheres of her bottom with the creases where bottom
  met thigh, and the tantalizing disappearance of these folds of flesh up into
  the dark between her thighs, presented a view that he could have happily contemplated
  for some time. He would have loved to have done what he had often done with
  Miss Martin, rather than to her as would now have been the case, that is to
  bend forward himself and gaze into those intimate recesses between the thighs.
  Miss Martin, however, appeared to be offering him her bottom only, and not
  those inner secrets. He thus remained strictly upright, concentrating his attention
  on what was certainly the most desirable rear view of a female he had ever
  been granted. He had seen a great many female bottoms presented in this position,
  but he had become extremely efficient at separating his outward actions from
  his inner reactions. Now, however, they threatened to reconnect in an almost
  irresistible way. The striking perfection of Miss Martin's bottom was not distinguished
  from those he normally observed by its perfection alone, but also by the fact
  that she was wearing stockings and a suspender belt. The peculiar sight of
  her cleft cheeks framed by the suspenders seemed to make them even more desirable &ndash; and
  also more explicitly promised. But what if she were to abruptly change her
  mind, in which case she would probably leave and never be seen again?  
He decided he should proceed with care but also with dispatch, while she
  was still committed to this very peculiar choice. He was still holding the
  cane from the earlier punishment, so he took up his customary position to the
  left of Miss Martin's proffered bottom and raised his cane to measure its first
  stroke across that perfection of divided symmetry. He noticed that her eyes
  were wide open and that she was staring at the floor. She had confirmed that
  it was six-of-the-very-best that she was expecting, but he left out his usual
  warning about penalty strokes. He decided that his first stroke would be straight
  across the crown of this extraordinary target, took an unusually deep breath,
  settled his aim, paused a moment, and then Swisshh THWATT! He felt the impact
  of rattan on bottom cheeks as the cane blurred and bounced in its own reaction
  to the striking instant and his inner desires surged at the signal.  
Miss Martin's bottom gave a sudden jump as she uttered a loud gasp and her
  eyes squeezed shut. But she held her position and left Dr. Stanton contemplating
  the thin line that was crimsoning across the crown of her stilled bottom, stretching
  between the nearer and the farther suspenders. It was real. She had asked for
  the cane, he had administered the first stroke, she was still there, and the
  evidence of its impact was as clear as it could be. He paused but not for too
  long, about fifteen seconds, and raised his cane to administer the second stroke.
  And so he continued, for six crackingly hard strokes. Having completed the
  sixth stroke, however, he suddenly found himself himself stranded at a loss,
  not knowing how to proceed, quickly filling with fear that this remarkable
  opportunity might yet collapse. The view of her stockings and suspenders somehow
  now seemed to paralyze him.  
Miss Martin had not felt so unsure of herself for a very long time. Although
  she had thought carefully through her entire plan many times over, once she
  had taken the drastic step of initiating it she was consumed by anxiety and
  even fear. Before she could think much further, however, she already found
  herself ordered to remove skirt and panties. She was, in fact, too petrified
  to walk across the room, to the chair where miscreants were expected to perform
  this action, and simply dropped the garments to the floor beside her. Then,
  suddenly overwhelmed by a feeling of helplessness she had not known since her
  childhood, bent over to assume the fateful position. She tried to make her
  mind a blank, staring at the floor in front of her eyes as she sensed the Headmaster
  adopting the stance she had observed so often from behind the desk and felt,
  once again, that long, thin, threatening line of pressure across her bottom.
  At the last moment she remembered the advice she usually gave the girls who
  had been sent to her before their canings were scheduled &hellip; breathe deeply!
  She took several deep breaths and held the last. Swisssh THWATT! Her long experience
  allowed that awful sound to register clearly in her brain, even as the sharp
  line of fire suddenly leapt across her bottom. She heard herself gasp, squeezing
  her eyes shut with the quickly mounting pain and then letting out her breath
  as the pain began to ebb. She knew this so well, so very well. And so she kept
  to her chosen role, as the next five strokes seared her bottom, her feelings
  sinking back into her memory as they did. After the sixth stroke, however,
  her mind quickly reasserted itself, urgent with the knowledge that she had
  to take charge again. She stood up rather quickly, her face red and her eyes
  still wide, even as she completed her role.  
"Thank you sir. I will try to improve my behavior, thank you sir," and then
  she bent again to grab her panties and skirt, hurriedly pulled them on, and
  fled from the room, face and bottom burning.  
Dr. Stanton was somewhat taken aback by her abrupt departure, but also somewhat
  relieved at not having had to decide what to do next. The time was now just
  before supper, a little after the hour at which canings were usually scheduled.
  Miss Martin went directly to her bedroom and Dr. Stanton, without knowing where
  Miss Martin had gone, went to his. There, alone but consumed with each other
  in their separate bedrooms, they both stood for a while, looking in their mirrors,
  trying to collect their tumbled thoughts and then both, under the same impulse,
  moved to seek solitary release of their powerfully pent-up feelings. Their
  methods were comparable. The main difference, except for that of anatomy, was
  that Miss Martin knelt on all fours so that she could see her own bottom in
  a mirror, staring at the crimson marks that were imprinted so vividly on both
  her cheeks and her memory as she frantically fingered herself to climax, the
  pain in her bottom and her memory transformed in the hot crucible of her sex.
  Meanwhile, Dr. Stanton was feeling he might die of the pent-up tension, exploding
  with the astonishment of the events in his study.  
On the next day, as was usual, Dr. Stanton met Miss Martin in the course
  of their duties. For Dr. Stanton the occasion was a very peculiar one. He was,
  of course, well used to meeting pupils whom he had caned just previously and
  generally enjoyed these encounters. The pupils usually looked somewhat embarrassed
  and averted their eyes, but Dr. Stanton would greet them as though nothing
  untoward had happened, while privately imagining the state of their bottoms
  under their school skirts. Miss Martin, however, appeared completely oblivious
  of what had occurred the previous evening and continued in the following days
  to give him no clue as to her feelings, even when they met in his study for
  the next scheduled caning, which occurred less than a week later. At least,
  however, she had not resigned her position.  
It remained this way for several weeks and Dr. Stanton was beginning to believe
  he had imagined the entire episode. After one normally scheduled caning, however,
  she suddenly repeated the request for six-of-the-very-best and the first episodes
  was repeated in exactly the same manner. Afterwards, she still continued as
  though nothing had happened for several more weeks, but at least Dr. Stanton
  knew that he hadn't dreamt it.  
Then it happened again, but this time she asked for eight-of-the-very-best.
  Dr. Stanton, of course, obliged. Then there was another long interval before
  she suddenly asked again. This time, she not only asked for eight strokes but
  also, of her own accord, walked across the study to the designated chair to
  remove her skirt and panties. Dr. Stanton, naturally enough, took advantage
  of this to catch a glimpse of her mons veneris, made very noticeable by the
  patch of pubic hair that protected her slit, light-colored like the hair on
  her head but somewhat thicker than the pubic hair that he was used to seeing
  in his pupils. He was considerably excited by this glimpse but, unfortunately,
  in adopting her normal bent-over with legs together position, she still declined
  to reveal any of the intimacies between her thighs. The eight strokes, however,
  were perfectly delivered and deeply satisfying.  
Miss Martin was, characteristically, proceeding with great caution. She now
  felt that she could trust the headmaster to administer the cane with his normal
  professional standards, and she also felt confident with her own choice in
  returning to this center of her psyche. She finally decided to take the last
  major step and, accordingly, prepared carefully. She waited until a rather
  severe punishment had been scheduled. Three of the senior pupils had been caught
  playing truant and were to receive 24 very hard strokes each. This, she knew,
  would leave the Headmaster in a very excited state. Shortly before going to
  attend this punishment, she administered herself an enema, placed a small bottle
  of Vaseline in a small purse, composed herself, and went to the study.  
The punishment was indeed severe. The three young women were by now clearly
  terrified of the fate that they had brought upon themselves, and their discomfort
  was considerably increased when the Headmaster had them all remove all their
  clothes at the same time, except for their socks, while he prepared the caning
  table, and then ordered them to stand naked in a row in front of the desk.
  One by one, they were then ordered to bend over the table and present their
  bottoms, raised bythe hump at the end of the table, and perfectly positioned
  for the cane. As pupils who were inclined to misbehavior, they had all been
  caned before, but not this severely. One of them received three extra strokes
  for a total of twenty-seven and another received an extra six for a total of
  thirty, but they all managed to survive their punishments well enough to avoid
  being strapped to the table. Miss Martin, of course, had a wonderful view of
  all this, not only of the caning itself but of the purple-welted bottoms of
  the first two as they stood with their backs to her, hands on heir heads, after
  their own canings were concluded. In addition, naturally enough, she had joined
  the Headmaster to inspect each of their bottoms after twelve strokes, and again
  of two of them after twenty-four strokes, giving her approval for the completion
  of their punishment. While doing so, taking advantage of all the usual side
  benefits, her long acquaintance with the headmaster had enabled her to sense
  the rising excitement beneath his business-like exterior.  
When seventy-eight sizzling thwacks of the cane had echoed through the study,
  punctuated by many gasps and cries of pain, and the weeping young ladies had
  pulled their clothes back over their colorfully bruised bottoms and then hurried
  from the room, the atmosphere was indeed electric. When the Headmaster returned
  from seeing them down the stairs, he was not really surprised to find Miss
  Martin standing in the significant spot at the center of the room. She did
  surprise him this time, however, by requesting twelve strokes and stipulating
  that they should be over the table. She then delighted him by walking over
  to the chair and removing all her clothes, except for her stockings and suspender
  belt, before returning to bend over the table and offer her bottom to the cane.
  She delighted him yet more by parting her legs in the manner that was usually
  ordered for pupils bent over the table. She did not encourage him to bend low
  to inspect, but she knew that he could now at least glimpse the soft secrets
  between her thighs that she had so far denied him. Dr. Stanton, having suddenly
  and without warning been granted a view of Miss Martin entirely naked (except
  for her suspended belt and stockings), would, once again, have dearly liked
  to have simply stood there staring. But duty, in its very peculiar way, was
  calling.  
Miss Martin knew from frequent observation that the Headmaster always caned
  harder when the bottom was in a "bend-over-the-table" position rather than
  a "bend-over-and-touch-your-toes" position, even when the caning was meant
  to be of the same severity. She was, in fact, very nervous about the first
  stroke. She knew she must have excited him by taking off her clothes and she
  also knew that he usually made the first stroke especially hard. She had its
  seen its effect on a great many young women, as they jumped upright with a
  howl, clutching their seared bottom. But so far he had not exercised the penalty-stroke
  policy on her, and she did not wish him to. Neither did she want to spoil the
  rules of control by breaking from her position. She knew that an almost hypnotic
  effect of the caning usually set in after the second stroke and so she had
  make sure that she could stay in place at least for the first two. Fear and
  doubt began to assail her again, as they had when she had first presented herself
  to the Headmaster for a caning, but she knew she would go through with it.  
She slide her feet apart, having already decided that she would offer him
  this view, and bent over the table, as she had previously imagined herself
  doing while watching other unfortunate young ladies presenting themselves for
  their punishment. The table seemed at once strange, familiar and even comforting.
  She knew how the cushion at its end was pushing up her bottom, parting her
  cleft and rounding her full cheeks as a target for the cane that the Headmaster
  was holding. She sensed him moving around and at last felt the thin pressure
  of the cane across her bottom. This time she closed her eyes, took several
  deep breaths and clutched the edge of the table as tightly as she could &hellip;  
SwisshhTHWATT! Oh my God! It hurt so much! After a split second of an almost
  indescribable shock for a few moments the burning grew worse and worse, before
  slowly softening. But it left her knowing she could manage it. She also knew
  that hearing the sound of the cane hissing through the air and cracking across
  her cheeks was an essential part of her excitement. As the pain receded, she
  took several more deep breaths. Then her ears, her bottom and her whole being
  began to feel that fearful but urgent expectation of the next stroke, an expectation
  that always held her helplessly in place until a caning was finally over .  
The caning was indeed hard, so hard that she still had great difficulty in
  holding her position, but she gripped the table as tightly as she could while,
  twelve times, the cane hissed and thwacked, the shock exploded in her bottom
  and the fire streaked across it. Her gasps and stifled cries and the jumping
  and twisting of her hips became quite involuntary, as was the fact that these
  movements, with the inevitable squeezings and openings of her bottom cheeks,
  finally afforded Dr. Stanton not only clearer glimpses of her sex but also
  quite shamelessly revealed what he had so longed to see, namely the pale brown
  circle of her anus.  
When the twelfth stroke had been delivered, there the two of them were again,
  both of them panting, and with the Headmaster having no idea as to how to continue.
  But Miss Martin now knew what she wanted, and as the burning of the last stroke
  slowly faded she took charge of the by now almost breathless Headmaster. He
  was shortly to be even more breathless.  
"Pickup that purse I've left on the desk &hellip;. have you got it?"  
"Uh &hellip; yes &hellip;"  
"There's some Vaseline in it, get your finger covered with it and come and
  stick your finger in my anus &hellip; ." A fumbling pause and shuffling of
  feet (she could not see the look of momentary bewilderment on his face followed
  by faint comprehension), the sound of a metal lid being unscrewed. Then she
  felt his finger pressing into her cleft and finding her hole.  
"That's good, now work it around &hellip; that's right &hellip; now more
  Vaseline &hellip; good! Now put someone yourself and stick it in my anus!"  
She was now completely in charge and raised her head to look back along the
  table, watching with some concern as the Headmaster first of all seemed as
  though he did not understand her orders and then, finally grasping the point
  and regaining control of himself, began to fumble his trousers and underpants
  off, still looking as though he might be too confused to succeed in the task.
  It was obvious that he was, in fact, much less experienced sexually than was
  she. But he finally manage to remove both trousers and underpants, and she
  saw him move right behind her and felt the greasy pressure of his fingers and
  then his hardness, moving against her bottom cheeks. She reached back with
  both hands and pulled them apart, wincing as her fingers pressed into the welts
  left by the cane.  
"Now! Put it against the opening and push &hellip; slowly, not too hard &hellip; that's
  right! Now more &hellip; deeper &hellip; yes, right in&hellip;. now leave it
  there a moment!"  
At this moment the paths of Miss Martin and Dr. Stanton were finally converging,
  deep in the moist, secret, darkness of her rectum. Their convergence had been
  partly a happy coincidence, partly the result of Dr. Stanton's foresight (though
  this foresight had been focused on a different objective), and partly the outcome
  of Miss Martin's careful planning. Although Dr. Stanton had long been adept
  at carefully convoluted justification for the pleasure he took in having the
  female intimacies of his pupils presented to his eyes, in admiring what he
  considered to be the esthetic perfection of a female bottom bared and bent,
  and in his subsequent administration of the cane across its cheeks, he was
  also well aware that he used his position of higher authority repeatedly to
  gain sexual satisfaction for himself. Even when Miss Martin, somewhat but not
  entirely to his surprise, had begun to offer her own bottom to his cane, he
  had remained emotionally distant from Miss Martin herself. He had, of course,
  been delighted at the opportunity to observe at such close quarters a female
  bottom that he considered close to perfection in its pairing of fullness with
  youthful firmness. He had, equally, known that he longed for the privilege
  of peering even more closely between her thighs, something that he regularly
  permitted himself with his miscreant pupils, and he had thrilled to the exhilarating
  sound and feel of his cane's hiss and thwatt as he flashed it down across Miss
  Martin's smooth, round cheeks, watching with his customary satisfaction as
  the line of its impact whitened, reddened, purpled and then became a perfect
  imprint of the cane's form, slowly raising itself in the formerly smooth, white
  flesh. Though the reactions to all this were powerfully vivid within him, Miss
  Martin's bottom had still remained a curiously remote, even if deeply sensual
  object, one which that he stroked only with his eyes and his cane.  
On this occasion, however, as Miss Martin had, for the first time, chosen
  to undress and then bend over the caning bench to receive this rather severe
  punishment, he had realized that something was going to be different, even
  if he did not quite know what it would be. He had delivered the strokes with
  somewhat more strength than usual, feeling and watching with equivalently even
  more satisfaction than usual the thwack and marking of their impact, even as
  he worried that Miss Martin might suddenly leap up in an agonized reversal
  of her offering. And, after administering her twelfth stroke, finding himself
  suspended in a state of indecision, he was relieved once again by her sudden
  orders, which, although utterly surprising, were also so clear and so decided
  that he immediately began to follow them with almost no thought, even if with
  considerable awkwardness. He managed to find the jar of Vaseline in her handbag,
  to stagger out of his pants and underpants, to jam his fingers into the jar,
  and then turn hurriedly to the bottom that Miss Martin was still thrusting
  out for his unobstructed attention. He found himself pushing his vaselined
  fingers into her cleft and probing at the hard ring of her anus, now driven
  completely by desire, without even thinking that he had spent much of the past
  few weeks hoping for a privilege far less intimate than this. Instinctively,
  he maneuvered a finger against the ring of her anus, forcing it to open slightly
  and then feeling the softness inside, past the hardness and then, as Miss Martin
  reached back and pulled her bottom cheeks apart, stretching her sphincter so
  that a small opening darkened in its center, he grabbed the painful, pulsing
  hardness of his cock in the vaseline smeared fingers of his right hand, almost
  doubling over at the reflex that ran through his crotch even at the touch of
  his own hand, then desperately shuffling close to the backs of her thighs,
  bending over slightly and pushing his cock slightly downwards to bring it's
  head against the small, Vaseline smeared opening that she was stretching for
  him, finally pressing with irresistible urgency into that very center of personal
  privacy that Miss Martin was so irresistibly offering him.  
For a moment he struggled to keep control of himself as the head of his cock
  remained jammed against the resisting firmness of Miss Martin's anus and his
  shaft, rigid though it was, bent painfully in his grasp. Then, suddenly, miraculously,
  her anus began to stretch, its resistance dissolved, and he found himself sliding
  between her cheeks and into the center of her bottom, feeling the tightness
  of her sphincter squeezing its way along his shaft towards its root and his
  belly, while its head disappeared into the formless softness deep within her
  bottom. His knees trembled and threatened to buckle, as unbearably intense
  sensations erupted in the skin of his cock, shivered back along its shaft and
  flashed into his own belly.  
Miss Martin felt a twinge of pain as her anus suddenly gave way to the pressure
  and began to stretch itself around Dr. Stanton's cock. She gasped for a moment
  at this violation that she had so urgently invited, as she felt the long, smooth
  hardness sliding through her anus and the soft movements of an invasion deep
  within her bottom. For a moment she wondered at the mysteriously vague places
  moving within her, not really in her belly, more as though she was turning
  into a receptacle attached to her arsehole. Then tremors began to run through
  her pelvis and she gave in to the peculiarly satisfying sensations of the movements
  spreading out into her body from its center in her up-thrust bottom. It was
  so long, so long since she had felt these sensations invading her from outside
  her own body.  
Her mind fluttered wildly between surrender and the urge to control. Her
  mind reasserted itself and she deliberately waited until she felt herself relax.
  Then she began to move against him.  
"Now! In and out &hellip; slowly &hellip; good &hellip; now more!"  
She had reached back behind her to pull her bottom cleft
  apart and let him enter. Now she brought both hands forward, gripped the end
  of the bench with her left and reached back again under her stomach with her
  right, between her belly and the hump at the end of the caning bench. She found
  her clitoris, feeling his slippery hardness just beyond it, sliding to and
  fro past her fingers, sensing its pushing deep in her bottom. The vigorous
  thrusts of his hips against her bruised bottom were painful, but it was a pain
  now dissolving in the pulsing that seemed to fill her pelvis. She could tell
  from Dr. Stanton's panting and urgent movements that he was likely to come
  very soon, She did not want to be left behind, with him collapsing over her
  back and she began to rub herself furiously, fingers squeezing and slipping
  frantically around her Vaseline-covered clitoris. In one corner of her mind
  she realized she was grateful for the softness of the cushion that raised her
  hips, but most of her brain was dissolving into a compaction of sensations,
  the long cane searing her bottom and the headmaster's long hardness pumping
  into it. She was now barely aware of the headmaster's increasingly loud panting
  and the sudden squelching sounds as he came, a violent jerk that pushed her
  hard against the caning bench, an abrupt pause in his frantic thrusting, his
  cock spurting deep inside her and, after a moment's paralysis, a renewed thrusting
  violently in and out of her bottom in few last, desperate spasms.  
The end result was very messy, profoundly satisfying to
  both of them, though still in their different worlds, and leaving them spent
  on their separate paths. Dr. Stanton had become mindless, pumping like an animal
  against her until the abrupt explosion of his lust left him gasping, limp at
  the knees and somewhat dizzy. He half collapsed over her, grabbing her shoulders,
  twisting and jerking his hips against her in his last, semi-conscious efforts
  to milk some final pleasure from his cock, still buried deep in her rectum,.
  He had been barely aware of the frantic movements which had also convulsed
  the body he was now lying over, let alone of how the spasms of Miss Martin's
  sex and the jerking of her pelvis had so much intensified his own sensations.  
As his mental faculties slowly returned and some sense of
  his own person began to collect itself around the periphery of where his being
  had temporarily relocated its center, in his crotch, he realized that he was,
  in fact, the headmaster , that he had just caned three of his pupils, much
  against their will, had caned Miss Martin, at her own request, and that he
  was now lying on top of her, after having sex with her in a peculiarly intimate
  mode of engagement, of which he had previously barely dreamed. He forced himself
  to his feet and, as he did so, was granted a view that impressed itself so
  deeply on his memory, which for months after constantly threatened him with
  severe embarrassment. At its mere recollection his penis would stand bolt upright.
  For, as he now tried to stand up, he looked down, naturally enough, to where
  his cock, still rigid, slowly began to pull out of Miss Martin's anus. Suddenly,
  it emerged completely, with a very slight plop! For a moment, arsehole remained
  visibly open before it slowly tightened. It was rimmed by a froth of white,
  where his ejaculation had been pumped out by his thrusting shaft. A few thick
  driblets, also white (little did he guess why) were slowly oozing out of her
  anus and down the grove between her labia. Startling though this sight would
  have been in any case, it was made much more so by the fact that her cleft
  was a startling pale valley, edged by the now brilliantly hued corrugations
  of her caning, the swollen crimson welts touched by purple as they ran across
  the reddened cheeks, from the point at which the cane had first landed on her
  left cheek, bridging the pale cleft with its oozing sphincter, and stretching
  to where its tip had curled around her right cheek, the long fingers of its
  impacts splaying slightly outwards and bluish, swollen bumps marking its biting
  end in the soft flesh.  
For a moment, Dr. Stanton felt he finally understood his
  life, spiraling centrifugally, outwards in space and backwards in time, from
  the center of this extraordinary vision. Then he sought, desperately, for a
  way become again what he knew he was, the headmaster.  
For Miss Martin the psychological dynamics were reversed.
  As Dr. Stanton's cock had pumped furiously in and out of her bottom, her fingers
  had worked just as furiously in her slippery slit, with the result that she
  barely registered his explosive orgasm. She was overcome by the spasms within
  her own sex, as its convulsions of ecstacy leapt through her belly and filled
  her brain, before slowing into gentler ripples that continued to run through
  her mind, telling her that her patient plans had reached an entirely gratifying
  conclusion. Her past seemed to be converging centripetally in her belly, where
  her long obsession with the ability of a beating across her own bottom to transform
  pain into pleasure, and her parallel but rarely fulfilled desire to feel the
  thrusting of sex into the seat of this pleasure, had finally merged. When this
  last caning had started, for a few moments she had found it so painful that
  she had feared her plans had been delusional. But she had kept her position
  and her determination, and now she knew that she had been right.  
As a nurse, Miss Martin took an almost perverse delight
  in the messiness with which it had ended and, when she herself had managed
  to stand up again, with the obvious embarrassment that had overtaken Dr. Stanton
  as he realized that, this time, neither Miss Martin nor himself could simply
  walk out of the room. The study, fortunately, had a bathroom (girls who were
  being caned sometimes had to relieve themselves) and they both, with a peculiar
  formality, took turns in using it to clean up and get dressed again. Dr. Stanton
  even muttered something about "Ladies first!," with perhaps just a glimmer
  of irony. Having made themselves respectable again, after acknowledging in
  rather subdued tones that Dr. Stanton's latest caning of three pupils had been "rather
  satisfactory,' they proceeded to make tea and polite conversation, before finally
  going their separate ways.  
After such a momentous event, however, the relationship
  between Dr. Stanton and Miss Martin did become both mutual and explicit. They
  quite often discussed both the school's practice of caning and their own participation
  in these canings, and sometimes also their very private indulgence. Dr. Stanton
  was extremely careful not to allow any glimpse to others of this relationship,
  and Miss Martin continued her distinctive approach to those many young ladies
  who were ordered to the Headmaster's study. She always let them know that such
  discipline was proper and indeed essential to maintaining an excellent educational
  institution, but she also offered them advice and sympathy, including the availability
  of comforting measures after their caning, should they desire it. Not surprisingly,
  some pupils found her attitude somewhat ambiguous and, indeed, rumors sometimes
  circulated through the school. Such is the nature of boarding schools, however,
  that these rumors were never taken seriously.  
Despite the intimacy of their activities, and their discussions about what
  kind of punishment Miss Martin was herself prepared to suffer, they were not
  exactly affectionate with each other, even in private, and they were both perfectly
  content with this reservation. As for the private privileges Miss Martin continued
  to allow Dr. Stanton, they were always at her own choosing. She kept her subjection
  to the cane at intervals of months rather than weeks and never offered him
  a bottom on which signs of earlier encounters were still visible, and she never
  allowed him to administer more than eighteen strokes. She did not, in fact,
  like walking around feeling bruises on her bottom, for her main pleasures were
  confined to the experience of the caning itself and feeling the hot ache and
  the corrugations of the tramlines across her cheeks in the immediate aftermath.
  She did, however, continue to offer her bottom to him for that other purpose
  with rather greater frequency, even if not invariably on those occasions on
  which she had asked for the cane, and there were several occasions on which
  their excitement threatened to let his maid, at least, suspect their strange
  conjunctions in pain and pleasure.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Alex H


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





