BDSM Library - Confessions Of A Sadist




Confessions Of A Sadist
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Confessions of a sadistic man running a special prison for wayward girls. Anal training, whipping, and rough treatment of a new girl are the focus of the story.Confessions of a Sadist  
*MasterN*  
 There's no doubt about it&hellip;  
 &hellip;I've always fallen in love with sluts.  
 Most of the other trainers don't understand my proclivity for the "bad girls".
  Put off by wantonness, they would prefer what I call a "debasement of virtue"&hellip; seduction
  and use of innocents that find their way here.  
 But if I don't hurt the sluts, who will?  
 It's a very important role I fulfill, making a fallen girl's dark dreams
  come true. It's their prison, within the walls of this prison.  
 Most of my girls know right away who I am, and why I am standing at the
  end of their leash in such dark, unsettling territory. They give me that look
  through watery eyes that says, "I'm finally home."  
 Others have yet to figure this out. Sure&hellip;they know that tight shorts
  and tube tops are what got them here, but they are confused about why tied
  elbows and public nudity make their cunts wet. My job is to clear away those
  clouds of confusion, my mission to introduce them to themselves, and I am very
  passionate about it.  
 Our prison for women is just what you'd expect&hellip;dark, frightful and
  very secluded. Think of it as Roissey without room service.  
 &hellip;or polite invitations.  
 You'll find a military order to things here. We set new standards for discipline
  and cruelty every day. The ladies are brought in from all over&hellip;party
  colleges, spring break beaches, sometimes its even frustrated parents who bring
  their 18 year olds here, falling for our "Home for Wayward Women" front, hook
  and sinker. All of them need to be quickly processed and indoctrinated to our
  rules and expectations. We sort them by sexual capacity, rather than by age
  or physical characteristics. Virgins, for instance, go to block A. Somedays
  I will see them led in that direction with their blank, uncomprehending eyes.  
 * yawn *  
 Other types fill the remaining blocks&hellip;frigid school marms, gender
  bending athletes and pure lesbians. They all have a promising future as chattel
  for the slave markets. But if you ask me, it's a slut who makes the best servant.
  My coworker would agree; there are too many of these trollops for one boss
  to handle, so we have those evil processing bitches divide them into two groups.
  They use one simple rule: any girl with panties on gets them ripped and stuffed
  in their mouths (my partner gets these), while nymphs caught without come to
  me with bright red ball gags in place. You might think my partner gets most
  of the new clients based on this rule, but you'd be wrong. No matter&hellip;a
  ball filled mouth keeps my girls separate until they get their permanent numbers.  
 All kinds of girls find themselves here&hellip;shy lilting waifs or haughty,
  defiant hellcats. What they all have in common is a healthy, raging libido.
  I have my personal favorites among these as well. These are the troublesome
  ones, as if they came straight off the TV talk show stage. These "Girls Out
  of Control" are done cursing at booing crowds of morons. In me they will find
  their biggest fan, a true admirer of their libidinous ways. Truly, I love the
  power of their sexual confidence, and now I'm going to help them focus it in
  ways they'd only fantasized about.  
 First, we change the way they process physical sensations. Sexually, they've
  been working overtime, so we'll stroke, pinch, bite and whip every part of
  their bodies except   their slobbering cunts. Like a form
  of blindness, deprivation is great for heightening other sensations.  
 And it all becomes easier for them once they accept their fate. That seems
  to be the case with the latest arrival. She's a striking, curvy brunette with
  pendulous breasts and pouting red lips. She tries not to make eye contact with
  me. It's not that she doesn't want to&hellip;its that she fears what will be
  revealed if she does. If that makes sense to you, then you understand what
  kind of girl this is.  
 &hellip;gee, do you want a job here?  
 Her pretty green eyes are already pouring out their tears, painting her
  face with with beautiful black streaks.  
*sigh * I can already feel my blood starting to roil hot. Sometimes these
  little bitches know how to task a sadists self control&hellip;or perhaps it
  was involuntary?  
 They think I ignore their cries. After all, I hear little sluts bawling
  day and night. But to me, each one makes a unique sound. I recognize this one
  right away&hellip;and its different from the frantic choking type I often hear.
  Rather, hers are soft sobs of shame&hellip;. And something else&hellip;  
 &hellip;relief.  
 There comes a time in every tease's life when she confronts the truth about
  herself, when her own body betrays attempts at self-control. It often happens
  as they kneel before me on this cold hard floor, experiencing an erotic kind
  of epiphany. It leaves them more naked and open to life than the day they were
  born.  
 Eventually, her cries trail away, replaced by tender whimpers of acceptance.  
"Now, that's a good girl" I say, hanging up the single tail. "You aren't
  going to be any trouble for me, are you?"  
Soothing words&hellip;coming as a surprise to her. She closes her eyes as
  the answer comes&hellip;  
Her head turns slowly, first to one side..  
..then the other.  
 Ass training starts immediately. All of my girls become &quot;anal sluts&quot;,
  and will eventually have the ability to orgasm this way exclusively. The challenge
  they face, however, is their lack of experience in this area. I can't blame
  them for this shortcoming though. Think about it&hellip;would you  trust
  some young frightened, fumbling punk with this part of your anatomy? Of course
  not.  
 My current charge is much like the rest, having had nothing more than her
  own finger twisted up her winking hole. Therefore, I select a number two for
  the occasion (for those of you who think I'm referring to golf clubs, leave
  now), and lube it up for the journey. I always get an intense reaction from
  the girl when I press the tip against her opening. This one ushers in the plug
  with plaintive moans. Not the protesting kind, but low and controlled. If you
  listen carefully my fellow sadists, you can hear a smart slut negotiate her
  body into acceptance. I urge the plug in, carefully for my novice little tramp.
  Her moans peak as the wide part of the plug stretches her wide. As it passes
  the &quot;point of no return&quot; her ass greedily sucks the rest in. When
  it is seated firmly home, I give her a gentle pat on the head followed by a
  reassuring &quot;Good girl&quot;. She sighs, cuz she knows that she is safe.
  Well, as safe as she can be with a pervert like me.  
 Think I'm a son of a bitch do ya  
 Yeah&hellip;I get that a lot.  
 An evaluation of oral skill is next, since we all know every girl is different.
  Unlike anal, they've all had practice of some sort&hellip;whether it's been
  with cucumbers, their mom's dildo, or the real thing. They're being trained
  to serve a variety of men, so she gets it all: Brutal, choking mouth fucks,
  all the way to the tender, sliding tongue stuff. She might have to swallow
  cum in gulping mouthfuls, or take it served up on the tip of her pink little
  tongue. It's all part of training designed to make a superior sex slave.  
 ..I do have a reputation to uphold, you know.  
 The gag finally comes out, releasing her mouth just long enough to gasp &quot;Please&hellip;!&quot; before
  I replace it with a meaty cock.  
 Hmmm&hellip;what do you think she was trying to say? Please don't? Or please
  more? I have my own theory, but I won't spoil things by revealing too much
  now.  
 Ah yes&hellip;captive sluts. I almost pity them at times, the way they work
  so hard to satisfy me, to bring me to the peak of arousal with such genuine
  enthusiasm, only to have to suffer for it. I say almost,  of
  course, because I know its what they truly crave. It's a truth I have seen
  borne out time and time again in the twisted faces and piercing screams of
  these bad girls gone &quot;good&quot;, but a &quot;good&quot; that only a sadist
  can understand.  
 What's that&hellip;.&quot;sick bastard&quot; did you say?  
 Why thank you&hellip;I've been trained by the best.  
 I would explain all of these concepts to the new girl before me, but its
  nothing we both don't already know. Instead, I mutter something about sodomy,
  and am favored by the most delicious whimpers possible from a full, working
  mouth.  
 Reluctantly, I pull out of this warm moist refuge, leaving it open to hear
  the steady entreatments and pleas for &quot;mercy&quot; and &quot;gentleness&hellip;sounds
  that only make a bastard harder.  
 The plug has done it's job, and it comes out next, prolonging her beautiful
  cries.  
 &quot;Don't fret little one&quot; I soothe, &quot;you'll come to love this
  in time.&quot;  
 It may sound like a line from a bad movie, but I can say it with a straight
  face; especially when I've seen it as often as I have. What's more difficult
  is to describe to you what it feels like to violate a well-greased butt hole
  like hers. I am often unsure whether these tight passages are trying to expel
  me, or hold me fast. My squirming trainee isn't any surer of these things herself,
  only that my movements preclude an imminent orgasm. I share with her the graphic
  details of my &quot;gift&quot; to her, and that it will be something she can
  covet until our next session together.  
 No sooner have I disengaged from her than I hear a most earnest and sincere &quot;Thank
  you, Sir&quot;.  
 Goodness! Maybe I haven't seen everything after all!  
 I may have to keep this one for myself. Indeed, I've been considering retirement
  for some time. And while most of my contemporaries receive a gold watch for
  faithful service, a live in slut like this one would do nicely&hellip;especially
  if she is as winsome and responsive as this one.  
 I'll ponder that thought for awhile. In the meantime, I will hang on to
  this little angel face with the whore's body, keeping her close by. It's the
  only way to see just how much of an old pervert she can take.  
 Right now she is on hands and knees, nuzzling my leg like a week old kitten.
  Nice response, think I. I can't wait to see what a month's worth of undivided
  attention will bring out in her  
Yup&hellip;that's me alright&hellip;  
 &hellip;the brutal, cunning, twisted owner of the latest slave slut in training&hellip;  
 and I think we're falling in love already.  
&copy;slavenextdoor.com All rights reserved  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Master N


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





