BDSM Library - The Virtue of Patience




The Virtue of Patience
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Patience's boyfriend had a losing streak at the gambling tables in Las Vegas.  To cover his bet, he wagered his girlfriend.  He lost.The Virtue of Patience   
Chapter 1: Win Some, Lose Some  
Patience stomped her foot again as she fumed. She had been waiting in the
  hotel room for over an hour and, despite her given name, she had very little
  patience. She never had and many times she had silently cursed her parents
  for giving her this label.  
Patience Sudbury was the daughter of wealthy New England parents. Apparently,
  there was a Patience Sudbury in the family tree in the 1700s and her parents
  decided to name their daughter after some great, great, great, great aunt,
  although Patience knew that there were probably a few more "greats" in the
  title. "Why couldn't they have picked Anne or Jane or Mary?" she often wondered.
  Those names showed up in the family history also.  
To her friends, she was Pat. When she was younger, she was known as Patty.
  But once she moved out of the third grade in an exclusive Boston private school,
  she made it clear that she was Pat and not Patty. Now she was twenty one and
  a Junior at a prestigious college in North Carolina. For the past three years,
  the only time she had heard her full first name was on the first day of each
  semester when an occasional professor would read roll call. She would always
  correct the offending teacher who would quickly scribble "Pat" next to her
  name on the roster.  
Patience had long since lost her patience this evening. She had agreed to
  come to Las Vegas with Luke, her high school sweetheart. Even though she was
  going to college in North Carolina and he was in a college in Pennsylvania,
  they had remained close. And during the Summer and most breaks, they had resumed
  their romance. During this Spring break, Luke had invited her to join him in
  Las Vegas and she envisioned a week of steamy sex and lively entertainment.
  She even went on a shopping spree to make sure that her suitcase was filled
  with sexy lingerie and skimpy swimsuits.  
But now, she was standing alone in their hotel room. She and Luke were supposed
  to leave an hour earlier for dinner and then they were going to go to Cirque.
  She vowed that this would be the end of their relationship.  
It wasn't as if she didn't have options. The tall willowy blonde turned heads
  wherever she went. She had the combination of a beautiful, angelic face and
  a body that was designed to be in swimsuits. She received many invitations
  when she was at college and occasionally even accepted some of them. A lucky
  few even got to sample her wares, leading to two marriage proposals and a proposition
  to become a mistress. That last offer had been from a professor who wanted
  to buy her a house and pay her expenses as long as he could continue to enjoy
  her charms and as long as she promised to keep the affair a secret from his
  wife.  
Until this week, she had rejected any offers that involved permanency. She
  had her Luke. This week, however, had been straining. They argued frequently.
  He was inattentive. Their lovemaking was half-hearted. And now, she was being
  stood up! After this week, Luke would be history.  
Meanwhile, Luke was involved in a hot streak at the poker tables. All day
  long, he had won hand after hand and continuously upgraded to higher-stakes
  tables to make the most of his lucky day. As, unbeknownst to him, Patience
  stomped and fumed in their hotel room, Luke was being escorted into the high-roller
  suite where he could really strut his stuff.  
By the time she decided to act, it was too late for dinner and a show with
  her boyfriend. But, she decided, it's not too late for show and a dinner by
  herself. She angrily swept up the pair of tickets and headed for Cirque.  
The show had a calming effect on Patience. She was awed by what the performers
  could do and the dazzling props and costumes. After the show started, she didn't
  think once of Luke. Even after the show as she ate dinner by herself, she found
  it easy to brush him out of her mind whenever he crept into it.  
She made up her mind as she was finishing her coffee. She would pack her
  things, find Luke in the casino, say goodbye and then catch the first flight
  back to North Carolina. It was time to start a new chapter in her life. Once
  back at her room, she changed out of her evening attire and into more comfortable
  travel clothes. They may have been more comfortable, but they were no less
  flattering. Patience had one of those bodies that looked stunning in everything.
  People had commented that she would even look sexy in a burlap sack. It was
  probably because of what would be under the burlap sack, thought Patience.  
Between outfits, she paused to admire herself in front of the mirror. The
  image before her was as near to perfection as Patience could imagine. Her full
  breasts were her prides and joys. They were the desire of every male she knew
  and were the envy of every female she knew. Well, almost every female. There
  were some women who also desired her breasts, but Patience wasn't interested
  in that kind of relationship.  
She had beautiful, sparkling, deep blue eyes that were displayed like gemstones
  on her soft, angled, aristocratic face. A long, swanlike neck, slender arms
  and beautiful legs all accented her form. She had heard one of her art teachers
  describe her figure as luscious and svelte once when she was posing nude for
  her classmates for one of their projects. Each student had taken his or her
  turn as a nude model during the term but Patience seemed to be the only one
  who was totally at ease with the assignment. She was beautiful and she knew
  it.  
Dressed in stylish jeans, a white silk blouse, and a blue blazer, she toted
  her suitcase to the lobby and parked it with the concierge. Then she headed
  into the casino. She walked the entire floor twice before spotting him through
  a window to a private room off the main casino. Two men were just getting up
  from the table, leaving Luke alone with a woman as the cards were dealt again.  
She had been stood up for a deck of cards! She was starting to fume again
  as she barged in on the game to the surprise of both gamblers. Patience threw
  her room key across the table, watching it glide to a halt on top of Luke's
  hand. "Enjoy the rest of your week!"  
Luke kept his eyes down and placed his hand over the key, dragging it to
  the side of the table and slipping it into his pocket. Patience simply shook
  her head in disgust and turned to walk back out of the room.  
"Wait," said the female voice calmly but with a definite tone of authority.
  Patience turned back around to see the woman looking at her.  
"Is this your stake?" the woman asked as she turned toward Luke. Patience
  nodded as her boyfriend slowly nodded and saw his cheeks start to flush. Just
  then, however, her thoughts were interrupted as two large men rushed through
  the door.  
"We're sorry, Miss Cartwright," apologized one of the men. "I'm not sure
  how she got through. We'll escort her out now, though."  
"Let her stay," responded the authoritative woman.  
"Yes Ma'am," replied the self-appointed spokesman of the pair of large men. "Just
  ring for us if you need us again. We'll be more prompt next time." They turned
  to leave but were stopped in their tracks.  
"Stay," she commanded in a calm but determined voice. "I may need you."  
Patience was thoroughly irate at this point. She had been both delayed by
  this woman and ignored at the same time. It was time to catch a plane. She
  moved again toward the door but found her way blocked by the two recent arrivals.  
"It's impolite to leave while a hand is being played," said the spokesman.  
"And bad luck, too," said the second one who Patience had already written
  off as a mute. She reached for the doorknob but found a strong hand on each
  wrist as she was turned back to face the playing table.  
"Last card," said the woman as she flipped a card across the table to Luke. "Judgment
  time."  
"Oh god," cried Luke as he buried his head in his hands without even looking
  at his card. He sobbed openly, much to Pat's surprise, since she had never
  seen so much as the hint of a tear in her boyfriend's eyes before.  
"Double or nothing?" asked the woman.  
"What do you mean?" he asked in a pitiful voice.  
"Just what I said," explained the woman. If my hand wins, I get two. If your
  hand wins, I get none and you get all of your losings back."  
As the meaning of her words sank in, he started to shake his head. "No," he
  said as he slowly turned his cards over.  
Patience was both confused and irritated at this point. She thought she knew
  her boyfriend well and this shriveling behavior was not only unbecoming of
  someone who would be worthy of her, it was also unlike Luke. She was irritated
  for four reasons. First, Luke was behaving unlike Luke. Second, every minute
  that she spent here delayed the termination of her relationship with Luke.
  And she very much wanted to end that relationship. Third, the two goons at
  the door would not let her leave. And fourth, the woman across the table from
  Luke seemed to believe she could decide when she could leave. "It must be the
  mob atmosphere that gets to everyone around here," she thought.  
Patience looked at Luke's cards and thought that the hand must be good. She
  did not gamble but she knew enough about poker to know that high cards were
  good. Luke had a lot of face cards in his hand.  
She turned to see what the woman had but her hand was still face down. What
  she saw instead was the woman's eyes roaming up and down her body as if appraising
  her. The eyes stopped at Pat's chest and the woman tilted her head as if she
  would be able to discern what lay beneath the jacket and blouse if she got
  a better angle.  
The eyes moved slowly lower and Patience instinctively drew her jacket closed
  with her hands to protect herself from the prying eyes of the woman.  
Finally, the woman turned back to Luke. "Foolish boy," she said as she flipped
  her cards over. "Full house," she declared. Luke started sobbing again. Once,
  he glanced up at Patience and then buried his face in his hands again, never
  to look up at her again during this encounter.  
"What's going on?" asked Patience impatiently. God, how she hated her name!  
"Your boyfriend has been foolish," replied the woman as she stood up from
  the table. She crossed the room to stand before Patience. "He thought he could
  win forever."  
"Well I could have told you he was a loser," scoffed Patience. "I didn't
  need a silly game to prove that."  
"But apparently, he did," replied the woman as she reached up to stroke Patience's
  cheek. Patience swung her arm to swat the hand away from her face but it was
  caught by one of the goons.  
"Let go of me this instant!" she commanded. But the hand held her wrist tightly.
  The woman picked up a remote control device on the table and pressed a button.
  Patience heard a whirring sound and turned her head to see a blind being lowered
  over the windows, sealing off the room from prying eyes.  
"Your boyfriend was on a roll," the woman continued. "He thought this was
  his lucky day." Patience heard Luke whimpering in the background. "Get him
  out of here!" barked the woman. "He disgusts me!"  
"Yes Ma'am," replied the previous mute as he manhandled the former boyfriend
  out a back door. There was no resistance. There was no scuffle. There was no
  attempt on her boyfriend's part to rescue her from the grip of the goon. Luke
  simply let the other man grab his jacket and lift him out of his seat to toss
  him through the door. The man followed him and the door slammed shut behind
  him. Patience was left with the menacing woman and one very large man.  
"He was doing very well," the woman went on. "But then he got in over his
  head. He lost all of his money but continued to gamble. He threw a picture
  of his girlfriend into the pot, hoping it would work. I looked at the picture
  and covered his bet. But he lost again. The last hand was for you." She paused
  and Patience felt a chill snake down her spine. "I win."  
"What the hell does that mean?"  
"It means I own you," smiled the woman.  
Chapter 2: Prize Winnings  
Patience had had enough of this nonsense. "Own me?" she thought disgustedly. "We'll
  see about that!" Again, she reached for the door but, again, her exit was thwarted
  by the large man.  
"Get out of my way, you ape!" shouted Patience.  
Just then, the other large man came back into the room. "He has had a change
  of heart. He wants to renegotiate." The man chuckled. "He must be a new player.
  When I told him that the negotiations were over, he threatened to go to the
  police."  
The woman smiled. "And what did you tell him?"  
"That pretty much ended the conversation," the man responded. "He passed
  out after that. Must be blood pressure problems or something."  
The woman laughed. "Foolish boy. Find him a good home in a diamond mine or
  something else appropriate."  
"Yes Ma'am," he replied and left the room again.  
"Your boyfriend has been very stupid," the woman said as she turned back
  to Patience. "Now he'll spend the rest of his life in slavery like you. But
  his will not be as pleasant."  
Then the woman turned to the man blocking Patience's way. "Package her and
  deliver her to the plane."  
"Yes Ma'am," was the last thing Patience heard. She felt a pin-prick on her
  neck and then her world went black.  
Patience kept hearing a buzzing sound as she slowly awakened. Her vision
  was blurred as she opened her eyes and she shook her head to clear it. She
  reached for her face to rub the sleep out of her eyes but found that she could
  not move her arm. In fact, she could not move either arm or either leg.  
"Welcome back," a female voice said. Patience kept blinking her eyes until
  she saw the smiling face of the woman from the casino. "I hope you had a pleasant
  nap."  
"Where am I?" croaked Patience. Her throat was dry and her voice sounded
  brittle.  
"Let me get you some water," offered the woman generously. And then I'll
  answer all of your questions." The woman tilted Patience's head up and held
  a glass of water to her lips. Patience was horrified to see that her body was
  naked as she stared wide-eyed across her own nudity. She was very thankful
  for the cool liquid, however, and gulped the water down quickly.  
"Now isn't that better?" asked the woman as she laid Patience's head back
  down. "Of course it is. Now let me tell you a little bit about your situation
  and then you can ask any questions you want if I leave anything out."  
"My name is Katherine Cartwright. But everyone calls me KC. Currently, you
  are my guest on my private jet and we are heading toward my island home in
  the Caribbean. I suspect that we are somewhere over Texas at the moment."  
"Your status in life has changed recently," she continued. "I don't know
  if you remember or not, but I won you in a poker game. Your foolish boyfriend
  had a losing streak and did not know when to fold. But that was my good fortune.
  Now I own you."  
"You can't own me!" spat Patience indignantly.  
"Oh, but I can and do," replied KC resting her hand on Patience's left breast
  and squeezing it. Patience may have been paralyzed, but she still had all sensations
  and the uninvited intimacy infuriated her. She tried to swat the hand away
  but still could not lift her arm.  
"Why can't I move?"  
"Oh don't worry about that. You were given a drug that has temporarily paralyzed
  you from the neck down. It will wear off by tomorrow. I have found it so much
  easier to transport new assets this way. Less struggling and less of a chance
  for you to hurt yourself."  
"You can't do this!" shouted Patience. "This is illegal! It's kidnapping!"  
"Well, I would agree with you that it's illegal," replied KC. "Slavery is
  not tolerated in most places. But it certainly wasn't kidnapping. I won you
  fair and square. But your boyfriend was a fool. If he had wanted to get rid
  of you, he could have sold you." KC's fingers moved lightly around each nipple
  teasing them to stiffness. "Your picture was interesting enough for me to front
  him the money he needed. When you walked in the door of the high roller room,
  I knew my bet was covered well. Now that I have an unobstructed view, your
  boyfriend looks more and more stupid by the minute."  
"I would guess that he could have made a cool million by offering you at
  auction. Instead, he squandered this delicious body to cover a measly fifty
  thou gambling debt. Pathetic!"  
"What happened to Luke?" asked Patience as she lay exposed and vulnerable
  on the table.  
"Don't worry about him. He didn't deserve you," observed KC as her fingers
  danced lightly across Patience's belly. The woman from the casino smiled as
  she watched the prone girl's eyelids flutter in response. "By the way, this
  drug came out of one of my companies. It's not on the market, though. I much
  prefer to keep it for my own private use. It is derived from bee venom. It
  paralyzes a person's motor muscles from the neck down, but from the neck up,
  everything functions normally. And everything inside works fine too. And even
  though nothing works from the neck down, the person still feels everything.
  Can you feel this?" With that question, KC ran her fingers over Patience's
  labia. She wasn't surprised that the beautiful petals were dry. And she wasn't
  disappointed. She knew that she could change that over time.  
"Stop that!" shouted a mortified Patience.  
"You have a lot to learn, little one," advised KC. "You have to remember
  that this body belongs to me now."  
Patience whimpered as the finger kept rubbing over her most private parts.
  Again she tried to move to protect herself but her body did not cooperate.  
"What happened to Luke?" she finally asked to try to take the woman's mind
  off of playing with her body.  
"Oh, the boyfriend." KC sighed melodramatically. "He will have a difficult
  life. He is on a plane like you. But he will not be going to a Caribbean island.
  He will probably end up in South America chipping gemstones out of rocks in
  some godforsaken mine. Or he might end up in Africa trying to find diamonds
  in an equally godforsaken mine. It seems he made two big mistakes tonight.
  No wait! Three mistakes."  
"He threw you into the pot. That was his second mistake. His first mistake
  was to wager against me. His third and final mistake was to try to renege on
  the bet. That could have proven fatal." KC ran her finger over the delicate
  folds again and smiled as eh felt them starting to part and felt the moisture
  between them.  
"I could have sold him to less savory characters. Some of them harvest boys
  like him for body parts. But I had mercy. Instead, I sold him to a good master
  who will mostly use him for labor. Maybe occasionally for some sexual entertainment.
  I suspect that your Luke will enjoy the thrills of anal sex and the skills
  of blowjobs. But mostly, he will chip away at rocks underground for the rest
  of his days."  
"Oh god!" cried Patience.  
"Don't worry about him," KC said as her finger slipped a little deeper between
  the wet folds of the girl's sex. "As I said, he was not nearly worthy of you.
  You would have dumped him eventually. This way, he has someone to look after
  him and his puny brain. They will see that he is fed and cared for so that
  he can mine their precious jewels."  
Patience wanted to strike this revolting woman but was incapable of doing
  anything other than stare up at her helplessly. The finger kept stroking and
  probing and she felt her body responding involuntarily.  
The finger turned into two and they stretched her labia apart as they glided
  up and down the slick petals. The other hand kept itself busy and Patience
  felt as if she were being inspected. The fingers of that hand stroked a cheek
  and then tugged on her hair, stretching it over her head and gathering it together
  atop her head.  
The free hand then grasped one breast at a time at the base and then moved
  upward, letting the firm flesh slide between the fingers and thumb until it
  reached the nipples.  
All the while, the fingers at her sex kept moving and Patience was powerless
  to stop them. The fingers slid upward and tugged back the little hood to allow
  a third finger to start toying with her sensitive clitoris.  
"Oh god, oh god, oh god," she thought as she closed her eyes tightly. "This
  can't be happening to me!"  
"Magnificent," she heard the woman say as the one hand finished its inspection
  of her right breast. And then she heard the woman mutter, "change of plans" under
  her breath.  
Patience wondered what the first plan had been. And then she started to try
  to imagine what her change of plans might mean, but her orgasm wracked her
  body before she could spend any time thinking about it. She slept the rest
  of the way to the island.  
Chapter 3: Twin Torments  
Patience awoke with a start as she felt soft hands lifting her. Looking around,
  she saw four naked girls holding onto her lifeless limbs and carrying her out
  of the plan into the darkness. The air was warm and quite balmy, although a
  steady breeze across her naked body made it quite comfortable.  
"Where are you taking me?" Patience asked in a demanding voice.  
"Hush little one," said KC who suddenly appeared at her head, holding and
  lifting her head. Patience was able to look across the expanse of her limp,
  nude body and could only watch as the naked women loaded her onto the back
  of a cart. Even though she felt like a sack of potatoes, the girls were gentle
  and handled her like precious cargo. Unbelievably, Patience saw that two other
  naked girls were attached to the front of the cart.  
"Is this for Thursday's auction?" asked the woman in the driver's seat of
  the cart.  
"I don't think so," replied KC who sat in the back of the cart with Patience,
  stroking the helpless girl's cheek. "I'm thinking about keeping this one for
  myself."  
"Can't say that I blame you," responded the driver. "Prime meat. But that
  means we'll have to go find another one. We promised the buyers an even dozen."  
"Maybe," replied KC, leaning down to kiss her new pet. "Or we might just
  sell one out of inventory."  
Patience was shocked at the kiss. She wasn't into women at all. But the kiss
  was soft and caring and Patience decided that protesting would be useless without
  any means of defending herself. Besides, she rationalized, this woman had already
  taken worse liberties with her body. How bad could a kiss be after all of what
  she had already gone through?  
The conversation made her blood boil, though. Prime meat? Auction? Selling
  out of inventory? And now her kidnapper was announcing that she planned to
  keep her? It was as if they viewed others as property that could be bought
  and sold and appraised for value. It almost made her want to scream. But she
  bit her tongue and stayed quiet.  
The driver snapped her whip and one of the girls yipped. But Patience felt
  the cart starting to move. KC remained in the back of the cart and continued
  to caress the motionless naked body beside her.  
KC lifted Patience's head again. "Aren't the ponies pretty?" KC asked. Again
  Patience's head was swimming. Not only do they treat others like property,
  she thought, they even treat them as farm animals. This was all too much to
  fathom. Patience simply closed her eyes to shut out this strange world. Tomorrow,
  she would do something about it, but tonight she felt totally drained.  
As promised, Patience could move her arms and legs in the morning. At least,
  she would have been able to if she had not been bound. Some time during the
  night, someone had placed shackles on her ankles and cuffs on her wrists. Her
  arms were held behind her back and a chain ran from the cuffs to the shackles,
  effectively immobilizing her. She had to wait in bed until someone came to
  release her.  
That someone turned out to be two someones. A pair of radiant redheads came
  into the room, chattering away as if everything was normal. But nothing was
  normal about the scene as far as Patience was concerned. The two women were
  completely naked and did not seem to have a single hair on their bodies from
  the neck down. And they were walking in on a naked and bound woman. How could
  they not be shocked or at least surprised?  
"Hey!" shouted Patience. "Shut up and let me loose!"  
"Oh my," said the first redhead.  
"Yes, oh my," agreed the second. "You must be new around here."  
"Of course I'm new!" hissed an irate Patience. "I was kidnapped yesterday
  and brought here against my will last night! Now let me loose!" Patience wiggled
  her body to rattle her chains for effect.  
"Well that's what we're here for," said the first one. As they got closer,
  Patience realized that the two women were identical twins, and beautiful identical
  twins at that. Each had long auburn hair that was gathered into a ponytail
  and allowed to splash across their backs. Each had lovely green eyes that seemed
  to sparkle with every word that they spoke. And each had wonderful figures
  with a richness of curves that gave them ideal forms.  
"I'm Jan," said one of the girls. "And this is Jean. What's your name?"  
"Patience," she muttered. "Hurry up!"  
Both girls giggled. "Not very patient." They fiddled with the chains, much
  to Patience's relief. "It's very nice to meet you, Patience. There we go."  
Patience was stunned. The girls were finished but she was still bound. "What
  do you mean 'there we go'? I'm still all locked up!"  
"No, not all locked up," smiled Jean as she held up a length of chain for
  Patience to see. Patience groaned as she realized that only the chain funning
  from her wrists to her ankles was going to be removed. At least it was a start,
  she supposed.  
"Now we can help you get ready," said Jan. Then the two girls each grasped
  an arm and half-carried and half-dragged Patience to the bathroom. Patience
  objected to the way she was being handled but her complaints seemed to fall
  on deaf ears. The girls resumed their chattering and continued it after they
  had placed Patience on the toilet.  
"Time for pee pee," instructed Jean.  
"Release me this instant!" screamed Patience. "And then get out of here and
  give me some privacy!"  
"No can do," giggled Jan. "We have jobs to do and we're going to do them."  
These two were becoming extremely annoying. They appeared to be a few years
  older than Patience but they behaved more like children. One of the pair reached
  down to rub Patience's belly and the bound girl snapped her head forward to
  bit her assailant.  
"Hey, that's not nice," said the redhead as she jerked away from the girl
  on the toilet. Patience had lost track of which one was which by this point. "I
  was just trying to help. It always helps me to pee if someone rubs my tummy."  
"I don't need any help! I don't want any help! I want out of these chains!
  And I want some privacy!" stormed Patience. "And then I want a phone so I can
  call the police!"  
Both girls tittered at the brief little tantrum. "There aren't any phones
  here," said the first one.  
"And no police either," the second one chimed in. "Unless you consider Mistress
  Elke to be the police. She's kind of the enforcement around here."  
"But I don't think she'd be very sympathetic to your complaint."  
"Get out of here!" screamed Patience.  
Both girls sighed in unison. "We can't do that," said one of them. "We were
  sent to prepare you. We'd get in trouble if we didn't do that."  
"So we'd appreciate it if you cooperated," nodded the other one.  
"I'm not going to cooperate!" said Patience angrily.  
"Well that's okay too. We were given permission to punish you&hellip;"  
"Although neither one of us likes to do that," said the second one, finishing
  the sentence of her sister.  
"We also have permission to play with you&hellip;"  
"And we love to do that," giggled the second twin.  
"GET&hellip;. OUT&hellip;. NOW!" growled Patience.  
Again, both girls sighed. They had hoped that it would not come to this.
  But they moved efficiently and, very quickly, Patience found herself in a new
  predicament. A pair of rubber coated hooks were placed in her nostrils and
  pulled back. The chain attached to the hooks was attached to a hook on the
  wall, thus forcing Patience's head back cruelly. Patience screamed but quickly
  discovered a new indignity as a ball gag was forced into her mouth and the
  straps fastened behind her head.  
One of the auburn beauties leaned down and kissed Patience's cheek. "You
  really should learn to be more cooperative."  
"Yes," said the twin as she ran a finger around one of the upthrust nipples. "This
  place is so much better when you cooperate. Look Jan! These are really nice!"  
"Mmmphhh!" grunted Patience as she felt each twin grasp one of her defenseless
  breasts. The older girls seemed fascinated with them as they squeezed and pinched
  and stretched them. Patience was grunting louder now but dared not move too
  much for fear of ripping her nose off of her face. The women kept playing with
  the "nice" breasts, bringing their lips and tongues and teeth into play as
  they amused themselves with Patience's very stiff nipples.  
The redheads finally released the breasts to concentrate on the task ahead
  of them. Jan rubbed her palm lightly over Patience's taut belly in a soothing
  way, trying to help the bound girl to relax. Patience was anything but relaxed,
  however. She jumped and twitched with each motion of the hand.  
Jean was busy pressing inward on Patience's lower abdomen. She figured that,
  if she created enough pressure, she could help Patience to pee. Each girl kept
  listening and craning her head to check the progress. But nothing was seen
  and nothing was heard. They sighed in unison.  
"This calls for drastic measures."  
"The catheter," was the sister's response.  
"Mmmphhh" was the only comment from the victim.  
Jean went to a drawer and returned with a small package, which she tore open.
  She reached in and pulled out a menacing-looking tube causing Patience's eyes
  to open wide. When Jean knelt down, she moved out of the bound girl's vision
  but Patience could tell that her captors were hard at work as she felt fingers
  prying her labia apart.  
"Oh look!" said one of the twins in a singsong voice. "She must like this." Patience
  felt more fingers rubbing along her sex and felt her face burn with humiliation
  as she realized that they had discovered how wet she was. How could her body
  betray her like this? Why was she wet?  
Patience was getting desperate. She tightened her abdominal muscles and kept
  grunting, hoping to avoid the need for what she was sure would be a painful
  and even more humiliating indignation. Finally, she was rewarded with the sound
  of water and could feel herself peeing. A few minutes earlier, this act would
  have been the most humiliating of her life. Now, however, it was a welcome
  event to avoid an even more embarrassing act.  
The twins stood up and clapped gleefully. "We knew you could do it!" exclaimed
  one. "You're such a good girl," exclaimed the second. Thankfully, the catheter
  was discarded and Patience vowed never to refuse to pee again. When she was
  finished, one of the girls dabbed her dry as the other loosened and then removed
  the hooks from her nose. As soon as she could move her head again, Patience
  glared at the two girls and grumbled a long list of unintelligible expletives
  around the gag.  
The gag remained in place as the girls ran the bath water and then Patience
  was hoisted and placed in the hot water. The twins set about their task with
  one girl shampooing Patience while the other one washed her body. The one with
  the washcloth seemed to gloss over her limbs but paid particular attention
  to her breasts and sex.  
When they were finished, they lifted Patience out of the tub and stood her
  on the rug in the middle of the bathroom. There, they toweled her dry and then
  closed the toilet seat, moving patience to a sitting position again. Patience's
  feet were unshackled but then were spread wide. Her ankle cuffs were attached
  to rings that had been thoughtfully embedded in the floor.  
Patience's eyes flew wide again and she started to grunt and struggle as
  one of the redheads stepped between her legs with a can of shaving cream and
  a long razor.  
"We can't have her moving like that," the girl said.  
"I'll fix that," responded the other. Patience quickly found her head being
  yanked backward again and again she felt those horrible hooks digging into
  her nostrils. She was totally vulnerable and the pain in her nose took all
  of the fight out of her. She sat completely still as she felt fingers rubbing
  the shaving cream into her mound and then felt the razor scraping across her
  skin. The redhead was very thorough with her task. Labia were stretched and
  the razor scraped. They were even able to spread her bottom cheeks and scrape
  the razor through that hidden little valley. Eventually, oil was rubbed onto
  her mound and the nose hooks were removed. The twins stood the captive again
  and faced her toward the full length mirror.  
Patience was appalled by the image that looked back at her. Her sex was completely
  bare! "I look ridiculous!" she thought. "I look more like a teenager than a
  woman!"  
One of the twins ran her finger over the recently denuded flesh. "Good job!"  
"Thanks," grinned the other.  
Patience's heart sank when she studied the rest of her image. With her arms
  held behind her back, she looked like she was all breast. The gag did nothing
  to enhance her beauty, she thought, with much of the black ball showing between
  her parted lips. And with her hair still wet and disheveled, she thought she
  looked awful.  
The final step was to dry the hair. Jan and Jean worked together with combs,
  brushes and hair dryer. When they were finished, they turned Patience back
  toward the mirror again. Patience hardly recognized herself. She normally allowed
  her straight blonde tresses to flow freely over her shoulders and back. The
  two twins, however, had teased her hair into something akin to a lion's mane.
  It gave Patience a totally different look; a wild and untamed look.  
Finally, the two girls led her out of the room and down a hallway to a living
  room. Then, they had her kneel and one of them started fiddling with the leather
  strap that was fastened behind her head.  
"You'll behave, won't you?" asked Jen.  
"Otherwise, we'll gag you again," chirped Jean. Patience reluctantly nodded
  her head and the gag was pulled out with a popping sound. Patience flexed her
  jaws, thankful that the awful gag was gone and then looked up at the smiling
  twins.  
"Why are you doing this to me?"  
"Because we were told to," replied Jan.  
"On this island, you quickly learn to do what you are told," added Jean.  
"But why am I being treated this way? Why am I cuffed? Why was I shaved?"  
"Oh, that's just standard procedures for all new slaves," responded Jean.  
The word 'slave' shot through Patience like an arrow, piercing her entire
  being. "Slave?"  
"Yep," nodded Jan. "You're a slave. Probably for the rest of your life too.
  I don't know what kind of slave you'll be, but I do know that you are owned."  
Just then, KC walked through the door and both girls stood back and at attention. "Good
  morning, Mistress," they chimed together.  
"Good morning, pets," replied KC as she walked slowly around the kneeling
  girl. "You girls did very well. I'll see that you get a reward later."  
"Thank you, Mistress," they responded in unison.  
KC then crouched down in front of Patience so she could look her captive
  in the eyes. "Welcome to the first day of your new life. You look ravishing,
  by the way."  
"You should let me go," warned Patience. "The police have to be looking for
  me and it would go easier on you if you turn me over freely."  
KC laughed, causing her exposed breast to bounce and sway. She was wearing
  something akin to a toga. A short skirt gathered at her waist, showing off
  her shapely figure. Rising from the waist of the skirt was a swath of white
  cotton that swept over one shoulder and down her back, covering her left breast
  but leaving her right breast visible. "If they are looking for you, they would
  be looking in the wrong place. You and your honey were seen leaving on a flight
  to Hawaii last night. The records will show that the two of you were married
  and it will look like you extended your break for a honeymoon.  
"You can't do this!" screamed Patience.  
"It's already been done," replied KC as she reached out to cup the magnificent
  breasts before her, causing Patience to jerk backward. KC tightened her fingers
  around the breasts and squeezed hard, causing Patience to squeal at the pain. "You
  belong to me now. Get used to it, slave."  
"Never!" spat Patience.  
"Find an open pole for her," KC said as she arose. "We'll try again this
  evening." With that, she strode out of the room.  
Chapter 4: A Day in the Sun  
Jan and Jean led Patience outside and into a kind of village square. Patience
  looked around and saw a dozen or so homes as well as several larger structures.
  Scattered around the green were a number of upright poles. Jan and Jean walked
  her to each one, having her stand next to them until they found one that they
  liked. Then, each girl grabbed Patience around a thigh and lifted her, moving
  her over the pole.  
"Stop!" shouted Patience. "You can't do this to me!" Her pleas were ignored,
  however, and she soon felt the pole sliding into her sex. The post had a rounded
  head, which helped it to part her labia, although the twins managed to stretch
  them apart without dropping the helpless girl. Inch by inch, it slid deeper
  and eventually Jan and Jean lowered Patience's legs.  
"You'll need to stay on your toes," advised Jan.  
"It'll be painful if you get lazy," added Jean.  
Patience heeded their warning and stretched her toes out to support herself.
  Even with her feet fully extended, however, Patience could feel the tip of
  the post pressing uncomfortably against her cervix.  
"Please, please, please take me off," begged Patience. "I'll be good. I promise."  
"We can't do that," said Jean.  
"We'd end up riding poles, too," agreed Jan. "The mistress said to do this
  so we have to." Jean left and quickly returned with a bottle of suntan lotion.
  The twins spent the next five minutes coating every inch of Patience's body
  so she did not burn. Again, they seemed to spend an inordinate amount of time
  oiling up her breasts and they entertained themselves by gripping a nipple
  and stretching it as far as they could before the slippery little nubbins escaped
  from their grasp.  
"We'll try to return as often as we can to reapply the lotion," said Jan
  once they were finished.  
"We don't want this beautiful body to get all dry and burned," agreed Jean.
  Then the two girls walked off together, holding hands and leaving Patience
  to endure her ordeal alone.  
She was not alone for very long, though. About fifteen minutes later, a woman
  wearing the same kind of toga as KC walked by. Patience called out to her.  
"Please, can you help me?" begged Patience. Patience was horrified as the
  woman walked to a rack, selected a whip and then returned to the captive blonde.
  Three times, the whip whistled through the air biting at Patience's thighs.
  Patience became distracted by the pain and forgot to remain on her toes but
  quickly corrected that oversight when the post smashed harder into her sensitive
  cervix, threatening to punch into her womb.  
Two more times, over the next two hours, the scene repeated itself. Patience
  would beg for help. One time, a woman selected a paddle from the rack, lifted
  Patience's hands out of the way, and gave the skewered girl three hard spanks
  on her bottom. The third woman selected a crop and gave each unprotected breast
  three hard slaps, sending pain shooting through Patience's body.  
After three hours, Jan and Jean returned with their bottle of lotion. Again,
  they lathered up the captive as Patience gushed out the story of her morning. "Why
  are they doing that? Why do they want to hurt me? What did I ever do to deserve
  that?"  
"You spoke," answered Jean.  
"Slaves do not speak unless spoken to," agreed Jan.  
Patience was sure that permanent damage was being done to her poor defenseless
  body. Her calves burned from the strain of trying to stay on her toes. Numerous
  times over the next couple of hours, she had to lower her heels to the ground
  to rest her legs. She could only handle the resulting pain in her abdomen for
  so long, however, as the post felt like it was trying to shove through her
  entire body.  
She continued to get visitors. The first one was a woman in her mid-thirties
  who slowly walked around Patience, pinching and probing her flesh as if inspecting
  the girl. She even parted Patience's bottom cheeks and used a finger to probe
  the little rosebud. Patience wanted to scream when she felt the finger push
  past her little sphincter but had learned her lesson from the morning. She
  remained silent.  
The woman then moved in front of Patience and smiled at her. "Exquisite," she
  remarked.  
"Thank you," was all that Patience could say as she blushed deeply from the
  humiliation of having her bottom probed like that.  
Again, Patience watched in horror as the woman went to the rack and returned
  with a flogger. Five swings later and Patience's belly burned and glowed red. "What
  was that all about?" wondered Patience. "I didn't speak until spoken to!"  
Another woman came by after awhile. Patience thought that this fortyish woman
  must have been a dentist because she pried open the bound girl's mouth and
  inserted two fingers, running them slowly over the teeth and gums. She even
  grasped Patience's tongue and stretched it out of her mouth to inspect it.  
"Good breeding," she finally said. "Don't you agree?"  
Reluctantly, Patience answered, knowing she would probably be whipped again. "I
  suppose," she replied. Sure enough, the woman retrieved a whip and lashed it
  several times across the fronts of her thighs.  
The third visitor was a girl who could not have been over sixteen years old.
  She was very lovely, but she had not fully developed into the figure of a woman.
  But she wore the same kind of toga-dress as the others so Patience assumed
  that she was someone in a position of authority.  
The girl seemed fascinated by Patience's breasts. She lifted each of the
  full orbs in her hands as if she were weighing them and bounced them several
  times to test their firmness. Her fingers tickled and teased the nipples, finally
  stretching the breasts away from Patience's chest until she looked down and
  saw that her lovely mounds were pulled into long cone shapes. Her nipples ached
  from this abuse but she remained silent.  
"Magnificent," the girl remarked as she released the stretched nipples. "What's
  your name?"  
"Patience," replied the woman on the pole.  
"Lovely name," said the girl. But then, she too went to the rack. She returned
  with a small whip and streaked it numerous times across the breasts that she
  had been admiring only moments before.  
When Jan and Jean returned, they lifted Patience off the cruel post. Patience
  saw that the pole glistened with her juices and, once again, she was disgusted
  with the way that her body was betraying her.  
"What did I do wrong?" asked Patience after she explained her afternoon ordeals.  
"I can't for the life of me imagine why they did that," said Jan.  
"Me neither," agreed Jean. "Did you address them properly?"  
"What do you mean?" asked a bewildered captive.  
"Did you call them Mistress?"  
Patience had learned three valuable lessons so far this day. Lack of obedience
  would be dealt with severely. Slaves speak only when spoken to. And respect
  was expected. All infractions would be punished.  
Chapter 5: Hard Lessons  
Jan and Jean took the bound beauty back to the villa where they had started
  the day. Again, Patience was bathed but without all of the hysterics that accompanied
  the morning's visit to the bathroom. The girl complied with every request in
  order to avoid any further pain. She had learned that the humiliation that
  came from what was demanded of her was nothing compared with the humiliation
  that resulted from resisting.  
She had gotten slightly sunburned during the day, despite the copious amounts
  of suntan lotion, so the twins were gentle on her skin. She was lovingly bathed
  and tenderly dried before the girls led her to the living room. There, Patience
  learned some additional skills and behaviors expected of slaves. Patience paid
  close attention to her instructors, not wanting to suffer any additional punishments
  or indignities.  
She learned how to kneel appropriately. She learned to stand with her fingers
  laced behind her neck, her feet spread and her chest thrust forward. She learned
  appropriate responses when addressed or asked questions. And she learned that
  tomorrow, the twins would start to educate her sexually. This sent a dread
  through her as she realized what the next day would bring, but she remained
  silent. She had learned that much. The twins told her to kneel until her mistress
  arrived and then they started to depart.  
"Aren't you afraid that I'll try to escape?" asked Patience as she realized
  that she would be left alone with no shackles or cuffs.  
"Where would you go?" asked Jan. "We're on an island."  
"They would only catch you and punish you," added Jean. "But go ahead and
  try if you like that stuff." Patience remained where she was and waited for
  her new owner to arrive.  
Her knees were aching as the time wore on but she remained in the center
  of the room. She imagined ways in which she might escape from this crazy place
  but she remained on her knees. The sun went down, leaving her in darkness,
  but she remained obedient. Twenty four hours ago, she had been a free woman
  on a college break. Now, she was a naked slave awaiting her mistress.  
Eventually, the door opened and the lights went on. Patience blinked her
  eyes as she tried to adjust to the brightness, but she kept her posture erect
  and her hands tucked into the small of her back as she had been taught earlier.  
"There's my pretty pet," smiled KC as she walked up to the girl and scratched
  her lightly behind the ear.  
Patience was infuriated by this indignity but held her tongue. "Yes, Mistress," was
  all she said.  
"Are you hungry, little one?" asked KC.  
"Yes, Mistress," replied Patience. She had not eaten since that dinner alone
  in Las Vegas and she was famished. KC disappeared into the kitchen and, after
  thirty minutes or so, returned to fetch Patience. A collar was fastened around
  the new slave's neck and a leash was attached to the collar. Then KC led her
  pet into the kitchenette, forcing Patience to crawl on all fours.  
Again, Patience was confronted with a new indignity. KC sat at the table
  and tied the end of the leash to her chair. Three bowls were lined up on the
  floor beside the chair and, to the girl's horror, she saw that each one was
  labeled. The gleaming metal bowls each were engraved with an ornate "Patience".  
The slave knew that she could not win an argument and she had not yet devised
  an escape plan. So she resigned herself to eating out of the bowls. One bowl
  held steak, which KC had thoughtfully cut into bite-size pieces. The second
  bowl contained salad, although without any kind of dressing to liven it up.
  The third bowl held water. Patience quietly ate her meal and tried to shut
  out the humiliation of the scene.  
Occasionally, KC would reach down and stroke the girl's back or pat her rump.
  Several times, Patience was rewarded with a "good girl". Somehow, that made
  the situation worse for the reluctant slave. She found herself blushing constantly.
  Later that evening, KC explained more to Patience.  
"I'm sure that the last twenty four hours has been a blur to you," said KC.
  She was sitting in a chair with Patience kneeling in front of her as she had
  been taught earlier in the day. KC raised a foot and caressed the beautiful
  jutting breasts with her toes. "Let me tell you a little bit about this place."  
Patience learned that KC was independently wealthy. She had started with
  a sizeable inheritance and then parlayed that into a huge estate that included
  several well-known companies. Several years earlier, she had purchased this
  island. Even though it was technically part of one of the lesser Caribbean
  nations, it operated much as an independent state.  
Her design had been to create a place where mistresses and their slaves could
  create a society where their interests could be pursued without outside judgment
  and interference. There were over one hundred mistresses who were part of the
  society, although only twenty five or thirty were generally in residence at
  any one time. Each of the mistresses was highly successful and had careers
  that required their attention most of the time.  
There were currently about one hundred fifty slaves, all of which were female.
  Some were volunteers and some were bought. And then, of course, there was Patience
  who was won in a poker game. Patience wanted to debate that point and argue
  that she was kidnapped, but images of the post kept flashing before her eyes.  
Each slave was owned by an individual mistress, although each was available
  to anyone on the island. And when a mistress was away, the mistresses in residence
  tried to keep the girls entertained.  
The mistresses were an eclectic group. Some were into sex. Some simply enjoyed
  the feeling of dominating another. Others focused on intricate bondage. Some
  were into pony play, which Patience did not understand. And a few gained thrills
  by inflicting pain, although KC explained that the society had strict rules
  in the pain category.  
KC went on for over fifteen minutes before she paused. She smiled and looked
  at the kneeling girl. "I'm sure you have many questions. You may speak."  
"How long will I be kept here?" she asked.  
"I don't honestly know," replied KC.  
Patience gasped. "Well when can I expect to get my life back? School starts
  up again in a few days."  
KC sighed and reached out, stroking Patience's cheek. "You'll never get your
  life back, little one. It belongs to me now. I'm sorry. I misunderstood your
  question."  
"What?!?!?!?!" sputtered Patience with alarm. "Then what did you mean you
  didn't know how long I would be kept here?"  
"I meant just what I said. I might decide to move you to one of my other
  houses. The government could become unfriendly and we might have to find a
  new island somewhere else. Or I might decide to sell you to someone who would
  prefer to keep you somewhere else."  
"You can't do this to me!" shouted an outraged Patience as she rose to her
  feet. "It's illegal! It's immoral! It's unfair! I demand to be released this
  instant!"  
KC leaned back in her chair and sighed again. She reached to the table and
  pressed a button on what looked like a television remote control, although
  there was no television in the room. Moments later, Jan and Jean stepped into
  the room.  
"Cage her for the night," instructed the mistress. "In the morning, prepare
  her and then let her spend the day in the pillory. I'll try again tomorrow
  night."  
"Yes, Mistress," replied the twins as they each grasped one of Patience's
  elbows. Patience struggled for a moment but when she realized that she was
  outnumbered and it was useless, she stopped resisting. The twins led her from
  the room and stuffed her in a tiny cage. There was really no way for Patience
  to get comfortable in her horrid little home, so she spent a very sleepless
  night curled up in an exaggerated fetal position.  
The next morning, after enduring the attentions of the twins in the bathroom
  again, she was taken back out to the village green. Her neck and wrists were
  locked into the pillory, forcing her to bend at the waist. Her legs were spread
  wide and her ankles were bound to stakes in the ground. Before Jan and Jean
  left her, however, they thoughtfully oiled the new slave's body to protect
  it from the fierce sun.  
More people seemed to frequent the green on this day than on the first. And
  each frequenter seemed intent on abusing Patience in some way. Her back, bottom,
  thighs and calves were whipped. A crop sent her breasts swaying wildly beneath
  her chest and made the tender outer swells glow red. Clamps were attached to
  her sensitive nipples and weights were hung from those clamps, stretching the
  nipples cruelly. No visitor spoke a word and, therefore, neither did Patience.  
At around noon, Jan and Jean arrived with water for the prisoner and more
  suntan lotion. One redhead held the water to the captive's lips and Patience
  gulped down the welcome cool liquid. The other redhead coated her hands with
  lotion and spread it across the exposed flesh.  
"Why are they doing this to me?" asked Patience. "Why do they hate me?"  
"Birdie," said Jan.  
"They're selling Birdie next week," explained Jean. "When Mistress KC decided
  to keep you, they needed a slave to take your place. You were supposed to be
  sold at the auction."  
"And they couldn't agree which of us to sell instead of you," interrupted
  Jan. "So they held a lottery. And Birdie was selected. But she was always everyone's
  favorite. SO they're taking out on you, I guess."  
"It's really not your fault," reassured Jean. "You had nothing to do with
  the decision. But they're angry. I think you'll have a long afternoon."  
The afternoon was indeed long. The position she was in ensured that her entire
  body was exposed and available for use. Nothing was spared. Her sex was whipped
  shortly after the twins left. A little later, something huge was forced into
  her sex and held there by some kind of harness that was fastened around her
  waist. Patience did not know what was inside of her but she would have believed
  it if someone told her it was a watermelon. She felt stretched and full. In
  actuality, it was simply a very large dildo.  
Her bottom did not go unabused. It was whipped again by one mistress, sending
  pain through her entire body. Another mistress pushed something into her bottom.
  Thankfully, it was not nearly as thick as whatever was in her sex but it was
  extremely long and caused her to start cramping, sending more pain through
  her body.  
The teenage mistress showed up again and placed a stool in front of Patience.
  Then, the mistress perched herself on the stool, lifted the skirt of her toga,
  and inched forward until her slick petals were pressed against Patience's lips.
  The captive knew what was expected of her but refused to cooperate, keeping
  her lips pressed tightly shut. This earned her a new punishment. The angry
  teenager pulled Patience's tongue out and placed a large, cruel clamp on it.
  Throughout the afternoon, Patience never uttered a word, although she did her
  fair share of whimpering. In the end, she was very happy to see the twins return,
  signaling that her latest ordeal was over.  
Chapter 6: A Gift from a Gambler  
By the third day, Patience was completely compliant with KC's demands. The
  girl may have been seething beneath the surface, but she quickly learned to
  obey and to hide any signs of anger. And she never offered any resistance.  
By the third week, she had learned the routine enough to avoid most punishments.
  Birdie had been sold to a rich European and the mistresses eventually stopped
  taking out their anger on the new slave.  
Jan and Jean had given Patience her sex lessons. Despite being repulsed by
  the idea at first, she had become accustomed to it and was now servicing mistresses
  whenever they felt the need. After awhile, she even grew to enjoy it. It gave
  her a sense of power to be able to work another woman into a frenzy. And Patience
  knew that it was her tongue that determined when the other woman would reach
  her climax.  
Patience had just finished servicing KC. The mistress was leaning back in
  her chair as she recovered with her fingers idly combing through her pet's
  luxurious blonde mane. Patience was kneeling between her mistress' spread legs
  with her cheek resting on one thigh and her lips still pressed to KC's slick
  sex.  
"I have a present for you today, pet," the mistress announced. Patience wasn't
  sure if this was good news or bad and she remained silent as she had learned. "I
  have some new jewelry for you." KC then fastened Patience's wrists together
  behind her back, as was frequently the custom when she took her pet out. Slaves
  generally had their hands bound, either in front or behind their backs, when
  they were outside the home. The only exception tended to be when they had duties
  that required the use of their hands. When they were inside KC's home, however,
  Patience was usually left unbound unless she was being punished or KC just
  wanted her bound for entertainment.  
The two women crossed the village green where Patience had suffered so many
  indignations during the first few days. Today, thankfully, there were no naked
  bodies bound or impaled and all of the evil devices were empty.  
Patience felt a chill snake down her spine as they entered Elke's house.
  This woman had a reputation for cruelty and, even though Patience had not experienced
  it first hand, she had heard enough stories to believe them to be true. The
  tall Nordic woman was wearing only a loin cloth when she greeted the two women
  at the door.  
"Welcome, KC," she said giving the mistress a hug and a kiss. "And welcome
  to you too, little one," she went on, cupping Patience's breasts and giving
  her a kiss. Patience was always amazed at the sight of Mistress Elke. She had
  never known that beauty and strength could coexist so perfectly in a body.
  She knew that Elke could probably toss her across the room if she wanted. But
  Elke was also very beautiful, with a perfectly sculpted form.  
"Let me get my things," the tall blonde said as she disappeared into
    another room. She reappeared moments later carrying a small leather case. "Do
    you want her fastened down?" asked Elke. "Or maybe blindfolded?" 
    
"I don't think so," replied KC as she removed the cuffs. "I want her to enjoy
  the full experience. She knows that she will be punished if she raises a stink."  
"I prefer it that way too," smiled Elke as she set the case down and opened
  it. "Now just hop up here and kneel like a good girl for me." Patience obediently
  crawled onto the padded table and knelt, crossing her wrists behind her back
  and thrusting her chest forward.  
Elke stepped closer and reached out, feeling each breast one at a time. She
  manipulated and plumped them. Then she bounced each in her palm before grasping
  the nipples and rolling them back and forth. Patience watched as the woman
  did whatever she wanted to with her lovely mounds.  
"Are you sure about the nipples?" asked Elke. "I could use a larger one and
  place it farther back."  
"I know how you like that look," responded KC. "But just the nipples for
  today." Patience was not sure about what they were talking about but she was
  starting to get a pretty good idea. And she didn't like the sounds of it at
  all.  
Elke reached over to the case and picked up a bottle with clear liquid and
  a dish. She poured some of the liquid into the dish and then placed a long
  needle into the dish, confirming Patience's suspicions and fears. Her nipples
  were about to be pierced!  
The next fifteen minutes were almost surreal to Patience. Any normal person
  would have gotten up and run away. There was nothing constraining the girl
  and she could have done that. At least she could have tried. Instead, she watched
  as her left nipple was daubed with alcohol to disinfect it. Then, as the needle
  came closer and closer, it was as if the worlds had gone into slow motion.
  She felt KC's hand stroking her back to calm her as the shiny needle moved
  toward its target.  
Elke enjoyed this kind of treat. Long ago, she had discovered that she enjoyed
  inflicting pain on others and she wanted this moment to last. She could have
  quickly pushed the needle through, but she wanted to savor the experience.  
Patience watched in disbelief as the tip of the needle tented her sensitive
  nipple inward. The point was actually at her areola at the base of the nipple
  and the slave felt the pain increasing as the skin was dented more and more.
  Suddenly, the flesh gave way and the needle sank into the tender flesh. Patience
  felt its progress as she watched more and more of the needle disappear into
  her body. Finally, she saw the flesh on the other side bulging out slightly
  and, moments later, the tip of the needle reappeared.  
Patience held still throughout the ordeal and only once let out a soft whimper.
  Elke moved efficiently after that. The needle was replaced with a large gold
  ring. It was over an inch in diameter and was much larger than the nipple rings
  that she had seen in college. It could have been larger, however. She had seen
  one girl on the island with hoops that must have been four or five inches in
  diameter through her nipples. Once the ring had been sealed shut, Elke proceeded
  to the second nipple. Again, she moved agonizingly slowly during the piercing
  to maximize the pain that she inflicted but then moved quickly to set the ring.  
When Elke was finished, KC stepped in front of Patience, lifting the girl's
  breasts in her hands and kissing each ringed nipple. "Magnificent," said the
  mistress. "But I have something that will make them even more beautiful." With
  that, she clipped two gemstones to the rings, letting them dangle beneath the
  nipples. Then she helped Patience off the table and to the full-length mirror.  
"Thank you, Mistress," said Patience as she looked at the gemstones. They
  were beautiful amethysts and each was cut into a teardrop shape. They swayed
  seductively with each breath that the girl took and sparkled in the daylight
  streaming through the window.  
"You have Luke to thank for those," smiled KC. "His new master sent me those
  last week. Apparently, they were the first ones he mined in his new life."  
For the first time since her arrival, Patience sobbed as memories of her
  ex-boyfriend flooded back to her and visions of him spending the rest of his
  days in a South American mine flickered before her eyes.  
Chapter 7: Mistresses of Different Colors  
By the end of her third month, Patience rarely thought about her previous
  life and never thought about her ex-boyfriend who had gambled her life away
  in a Las Vegas poker game. It had been a painful reminder on the day when she
  received her amethyst nipple baubles but then she remembered that her current
  plight was caused by Luke's stupidity. The last time that she thought about
  him, it was to hope that a bunch of big, unclean miners raped him daily.  
At this point in her captivity, Patience had turned a golden brown. Her skin
  had turned to a shade of almond and her hair had bleached to almost platinum
  from being out in the sun so much. That was one of the benefits of being a
  slave, she supposed. Many women paid exorbitant sums to be able to bake their
  bodies in the Caribbean. She got to do it for free.  
The mistresses seemed to have totally forgotten about Birdie and now Patience
  was fully accepted into the small society, even though her status was still
  that of slave. She even seemed to be the favorites of several of the mistresses.
  When KC had to travel back to the mainland, one of those mistresses would adopt
  her and she did her best to serve.  
Patience had learned many new talents on the island. Early on, she had learned
  to use her lips and tongue and teeth to pleasure another woman. She was now
  considered to be one of the best in the collection of slaves. She learned serving
  etiquette and dancing. She was even learning to paint from one of the mistresses
  who was a professional artist.  
One of the things that she learned was prancing, although she did not have
  a particular fondness for it. It was very strenuous to do the high-stepping
  that was required of a ponygirl. The only thing more painful than the burning
  of the thighs when doing this was the bite of the whip on her exposed bottom
  when she did not raise her knees high enough.  
Each of the slaves rotated through the livery, so all of them took their
  turns pulling the carts across the island. The pony carts were the only form
  of transportation available on the island, so days in the livery tended to
  be quite busy.  
There was one mistress who Patience had grown fond of but, unfortunately,
  she was only on the island occasionally. Mistress Grace would arrive about
  once a month and bring her three slaves with her. Then she would disappear
  again for several more weeks.  
Mistress Grace's slaves could not have been more different. Alana, who everyone
  called Princess, was elegant and poised and graceful. Meredith was the island
  sex toy when she was in residence and was one of the favorites of most of the
  mistresses. Kelly was the wild child and nothing seemed to be too extreme for
  her. She spent most of her time with Mistress Elke. The only things that the
  three slaves had in common were that they were all the property of Mistress
  Grace and they were all exceptionally beautiful.  
Some of Patience's favorite moments were the evening runs. Even when she
  wasn't assigned to the stables, Mistress Grace would request her services.
  Then she would fasten Patience and Alana to a cart and drive them down to the
  beach, riding in the cart behind them. She used the whip, but only with a gentle
  caress to urge them on. Once down to the beach, she would get out of the cart
  and let the ponies pull the cart across the soft sand. Then, when they reached
  the hard packed sand at the water's edge, she would remount the cart and the
  three would take off on a wild journey down the beach with waves lapping at
  the feet of the naked girls and hair flying in the sea breeze.  
Usually, they would stop after awhile and relax in the warm sand where Grace
  would have the girls pleasure her or would have them pleasure each other while
  she watched. Patience truly enjoyed these intimate moments and grew to love
  both Mistress Grace and her slave, Alana.  
Once, on a bright moonlit night, they just kept traveling. The whip would
  caress a bottom and the girls would pick up their pace. The whip would stroke
  a back or reach around to tickle a breast and, once again, they would move
  faster. They circled the entire island that night and it was after midnight
  when they returned to the stables. Grace unhooked the two girls from the cart
  and removed their tack, hanging it to dry for the crew to wash in the morning.
  Then she took the two sweaty girls back to her bungalow where they bathed together
  and then spooned in bed as the two ponies quickly fell asleep.  
KC was away from the island during Grace's most recent visit. Patience was
  sad when the nice mistress herded her little flock onto the airplane and headed
  for home. She suddenly felt all alone despite the over one hundred slaves and
  thirty or so mistresses that were on the island. She knew that she would not
  be alone for long, however, when she learned that she was being summoned by
  Mistress Elke. She also knew that she was going to be in for a very long day.  
"I hear your boyfriend's pregnant," snapped Elke as Patience walked through
  the front door. "The only problem is they don't know who the father is. Seems
  he's been sleeping around quite a bit." Elke was in a particularly bad mood
  and Patience knew that this did not bode well for her.  
She knew that she should have run but she also knew it would only make things
  worse. Besides, she had cuffed her hands before making the walk over and she
  would be easily caught. Even with her hands free, she probably would have been
  easy prey for the big powerful Amazon.  
Patience remained silent and simply knelt at the mistress' feet. She could
  feel her heart pounding in her chest and only hoped that she did not appear
  as terrified as she truly was. She waited for the mistress to move or to give
  her some sort of command.  
She did not have long to wait. Elke reached down, entwined her fingers in
  Patience's hair and yanked the poor girl to her feet, causing Patience to shriek
  at the sudden pain. This provided Elke with the opportunity to push a gag into
  the open mouth and, efficiently, the mistress fastened the straps behind the
  slavegirl's head.  
Patience looked around in wide-eyed terror, looking for a way to escape.
  Elke, as if sensing what was going on in the girl's head, decided to thwart
  any plans the slave was making. Grasping the hair again and using it as a handle
  to hold Patience in place, she swung her arm back and then punched the slave
  in the stomach, knocking the wind out of her.  
Patience's knees were buckled as the pain exploded in her abdomen and she
  found herself being supported by her mane. Her entire body was a cacophony
  of agony and she started to black out. Elke was not done with her, however,
  and dragged Patience by the hair to a wooden horse. Patience's feet were spread
  and attached to the legs of the horse and then her body was draped backward
  over the object. When her wrists were uncuffed and attached to the legs on
  the other side and smelling salts were waved under her nose, new agony blossomed
  inside of her. The wooden bar dug cruelly into the flesh of her back and she
  was sure that her spine was getting ready to snap.  
"You think that soft, mealy-mouthed Grace is so wonderful," spat Elke in
  a rage. "I'll show you what a real mistress is like!"  
Elke spent the next three hours torturing the poor slave. Patience got to
  the point where the whip was almost a welcome instrument. The cane was far
  worse as it sliced across her belly leaving bright red welts. The rubber hose
  was equally bad. Patience had no idea what was inside the hose, but the heavy
  thuds that she heard when the hose struck her body were mind-numbing.  
Elke took a few breaks during the afternoon so that her arm could rest. Patience
  received no such breaks. During one intermission from the whip, Elke used the
  poor girl as a pincushion and Patience watched in horror as needle after needle
  skewered her proud breasts. During another break, Patience ended up with Elke's
  fist and most of her forearm jammed into her sex. Elke wasn't content with
  a mere fisting, however. She kept pushing until she had slid a finger through
  Patience's cervix and into her womb, causing excruciating pain to wrack her
  body.  
Eventually, Patience fainted and no amount of smelling salts would revive
  her. Elke was disgusted with the weakness of the slave and tossed her out the
  front door to lie in a crumpled heap until another mistress found her.  
Patience awoke three days later in the infirmary with KC gazing down at her
  with a concerned look on her face. "How do you feel, pet?"  
"Awful, Mistress," replied Patience honestly. Then she drifted off to sleep
  again. It was another week before Patience was released from the infirmary.
  She had suffered a concussion, a broken arm from being tossed through the front
  door and two fractured ribs from the rubber hose. The welts and other wounds
  had healed by then, but she had been totally covered from head to toe with
  injuries when she was first brought to the infirmary.  
"Elke will never bother you again, little one," KC told her as she walked
  her slavegirl home.  
"Thank you, Mistress," replied Patience. "Did you send her away?"  
"In a manner of speaking," nodded KC. Afterwards, Patience learned that Elke
  had been taken out to sea and fed to the sharks. She was too dangerous to keep
  on the island and it was believed that she was too dangerous to be allowed
  to leave. The hatred in her would have threatened the tiny society on the island.
  So she was disposed of. Patience had a hard time feeling any sorrow for the
  cruel mistress.  
Chapter 8: Deals People Make  
Three years after her arrival, Patience was still a prisoner and was still
  dreaming of ways to escape from the island. She had quickly recovered from
  the injuries inflicted on her body by the late Mistress Elke. Her mind was
  slower to heal but she felt that she was pretty much back to normal. She was
  at least as normal as any other girl who had lost over three years of her life
  and who was a slave.  
She enjoyed the times when Mistress Katherine was on the island. Ever since
  Patience's ordeal with Elke, KC seemed softer and kinder. She was not nearly
  as cold and distant as she had once been. She spent most of her time on the
  island with her pet these days instead of doing whatever she used to do. Patience
  enjoyed the change and the attention and the closeness that they were developing.  
But KC was spending less time on the island lately. And when she would show
  up, she frequently seemed distracted, although she always treated Patience
  with kindness. The rumor on the island was that KC's companies were not doing
  well and that she was falling victim to a ruthless competitor who was using
  government influence to try to ruin her.  
Patience always greeted her owner cheerfully when she arrived and always
  tried to create an atmosphere of warmth and love when KC was on the island.
  The days of sleeping in a cage were long past. Patience was always a bed-warmer
  for her mistress these days. And the bowls had been retired long ago. Patience
  might be totally naked at the dining room table, but at least she was seated
  at the table.  
One of the most noticeable changes was Patience's lack of cuffs. Slaves on
  the island were expected to be bound when they were not in their owner's houses.
  Patience had not been bound for everyday life in over a year.  
A change that Patience was not even aware of was that permission had to be
  sought for her use. Ever since the unfortunate incident with Elke, KC had required
  that people who wanted to enjoy her slave request permission first. She was
  not going to subject Patience again to the whimsical furies of another deranged
  mistress. It did not mean that Patience was less busy. It just meant that the
  long distance phone bill was much higher with the new rule.  
The only exception to this rule was Mistress Grace. When Grace was on the
  island, with or without her flock, she was granted all rights to slave Patience.  
"Alana wants you as a birthday present," Grace announced as Patience was
  spooned against her. Grace had one arm draped across the slave girl and was
  toying with one of the amethyst teardrops.  
"Alana wants a slave?" asked a bewildered Patience.  
Grace laughed. "I'm never sure with that girl," she replied. "She didn't
  say she wanted a slave. She said she wanted you."  
"Oh," pondered Patience. "Am I for sale?" Three years earlier, that kind
  of question would never have occurred to the girl. But in the years since her
  trip to Las Vegas, she had become accustomed to the fact that she was mere
  property.  
"Not that I am aware of," responded Grace, tugging on the amethyst and making
  the girl squirm a bit. "But would you mind if I asked KC for a price?"  
Patience was having difficulty concentrating. Grace's full breasts were pressed
  against her back and she could feel the hard nipples drilling into her flesh.
  And her nipple was sending signals to her sex and brain that were keeping her
  totally off balance. "It's not my position to mind, Mistress," she replied
  diplomatically.  
"Oh," said Grace with disappointment in her voice. She had been hoping for
  a more enthusiastic response. She thought that Patience and Princess got along
  very well. In fact, she thought she detected love between them. "Well, it was
  just a thought. Good night, little one."  
Patience laid there with her mind churning for over five minutes. She didn't
  know what to think of what to say. But finally she spoke. "Mistress?"  
"Yes, little one?" murmured Grace. It was obvious that she was starting to
  fall asleep.  
"I would love to belong to Alana."  
Grace gave Patience's breast a squeeze and pulled the girl close to her. "And
  I'm sure that she would love to own you. I will make it so."  
Several more minutes passed and Patience spoke again. "Will you still own
  Alana, Mistress?"  
"Of course I will," replied a half-asleep Grace. "I will always own her."  
By the end of the following day, Grace had spoken with KC and had come to
  an agreement with the other mistress. The two had drafted a contract and faxed
  it to one another for signatures. The visit to the island turned out to be
  a very productive shopping trip for Grace, but a strange one also. She never
  would have guessed that she would have bought another human being.  
On the way back to the mainland, Grace saw Patience shifting nervously and
  scratching. "Are you okay, girl?" she asked.  
"Yes, Mistress," replied Patience. "I'm fine. I guess it's just these clothes.
  I haven't worn any in three years and I guess it takes a little getting used
  to."  
Grace laughed. "Don't worry about that. Once we get home, I'm sure Alana
  will relieve you of those clothes. She never wears any around the house."  
Patience was curious about how much she had cost Grace and Alana. She had
  heard rumors about prices after each of the auctions and none of them had been
  less than seven figures. Jan and Jean had been sold three months earlier and
  it was rumored that they went for five million dollars. Patience recognized
  that both girls were included for that price but two and a half million dollars
  apiece still seemed very expensive.  
Grace relaxed on the flight and finally pulled the fidgeting slavegirl down
  on the padded bench so that Patience's head rested in the mistress' lap. Grace
  ran her fingers lovingly through the sun-bleached blonde mane as Patience reclined
  on the bench and soon fell asleep, leaving Grace to her own thoughts.  
The negotiations with KC had gone well. KC obviously did not want to part
  with her dear slavegirl but knew that her business commitments would keep her
  too distracted for the foreseeable future. She would not be able to properly
  tend to Patience.  
Still, KC had wanted to get value for one of her prime assets. She reasoned
  that, under the right scenario and with the right set of buyers, Patience would
  net her several million dollars at auction. But there were several problems.
  First, KC would likely never see her favorite pet again and she had grown very
  fond of the girl who she won in a poker game. Second, she was very particular
  about who could own Patience. The girl had gone through enough abuse at the
  hands of Elke and KC wanted to shelter her. Unfortunately, she couldn't guarantee
  that in an auction, so a private sale made more sense. The third problem was
  that Grace could not afford to pay several million dollars for the beautiful
  slave.  
A solution was negotiated that met with KC's approval. After some hesitation
  and much soul-searching, Grace also agreed, although it could not exactly be
  said that it met with her approval. The deal had two parts. The first was that
  Grace agreed to always have one of her girls in residence on the island. Since
  Grace would now have four female slaves, that would mean that each one would
  spend about three months each year in the Caribbean sun. There are far worse
  fates than that. KC made it clear, however, that only the female slaves were
  to be sent to the island. Grace also owned Ted, the husband of Meredith. He
  was to be kept at home.  
The second part of the agreement was what caused Grace to pause. In the end,
  however, she agreed that, for two weeks each year, she would become KC's slave.
  She would report to one of KC's other residences and serve KC in any way KC
  desired. The others in the island society would never learn of this arrangement,
  however, so that Grace's position in that society would not be affected. It
  was just an agreement between two mistresses.  
Grace leaned down and kissed the slumbering slavegirl's forehead. "You were
  an expensive one," she thought. "But you were worth whatever the cost."  
Grace may have thought the terms of the agreement were acceptable, but KC
  thought that they were exceptional. She had long thought that Grace would make
  a lovely slave, although she had to admit that the woman was also a wonderful
  mistress. But now she would have the beautiful woman all to herself for two
  weeks each year, to do anything that suited her fancy.  
KC's whole body tingled as she pictured Grace in her mind. She imagined the
  naked woman outdoors at her ranch, riding a horse alongside of her. She pictured
  Grace kneeling at her feet during quiet moments. She thought of ways in which
  she might bind and torment the other mistress for her entertainment. And she
  found herself getting very wet at the image of Grace servicing her with her
  tongue.  
In addition, she would still get to enjoy Patience. Plus she would get to
  sample the other three girls as well. It was going to be like a smorgasbord
  of beautiful feminine flesh. Alana had always been one of her favorites. She
  was by far the most mature and elegant of the three. She accepted her life
  as a slave and yet was so easy to embarrass. It was as if there was a constant
  struggle inside the girl's mind. Part of her was totally at ease with the knowledge
  that she was owned. The other part of her seemed to scream at that same knowledge.  
The other two were also tender little morsels to be enjoyed in upcoming months.
  She planed to have Meredith spend a lot of time between her legs. She wondered
  how many orgasms she could achieve before Meredith's tongue wore out. Then
  she laughed, realizing that she would pass out before Meredith got tired. That
  girl was like a sexual dynamo and never seemed to get enough. She wondered
  what Meredith's husband must be like. The poor man must walk around totally
  exhausted if Meredith were even half as sexually charged with him as she was
  with the mistresses on the island.  
And then there was Kelly. The twenty year old daughter of Grace was a wild
  thing. She was the same age that Patience had been when she was won by KC and
  maybe that was what drew KC to her. Or maybe it was knowing that she was the
  daughter of the woman she had wanted to enslave for the past two years. For
  some reason, KC found it highly erotic that a mother could own a daughter,
  especially now that she owned the mother herself, even if it was only for two
  weeks each year.  
The mistress always felt reinvigorated after spending time with Kelly, but
  the cute slavegirl could be exhausting at times. KC was convinced that Grace's
  daughter was a pain slut and, at times, it seemed that the girl misbehaved
  on purpose just to get the punishment. KC could only take Kelly in small doses,
  but it was still fun to vent her darkside from time to time and Kelly was her
  preferred pain toy.  
KC knew that she would be consumed for the next month with straightening
  out a mess at one of her companies. But after that, she wanted to get to the
  island as quickly as possible. Grace planned on sending Meredith to the Caribbean
  paradise first and KC knew that the slave's tongue would provide much needed
  enjoyment and relaxation when she was able to visit the island herself.  
Chapter 9: Reorganization  
Meredith was dispatched to the island the day after Grace's return home.
  Grace and the other girls assumed that Meredith was currently in orgasmic bliss
  and would adjust to this new routine very easily.  
Alana was caught totally off guard by the return of her mistress and the
  gift. Even though she had once commented to Grace that it would be nice to
  own Patience, she never dreamed that it could actually happen. She never even
  assumed that she would be given a chance to be a mistress.  
Alana and Patience hugged each other tightly after their squeals of delight
  died down. Grace chuckled at the scene, thinking that the two girls were acting
  more like teenagers than twenty somethings. Grace also chuckled as she noticed
  that the twenty seven year old junior mistress was naked and her twenty three
  year old slave was fully clothed. Grace knew that Alana would remedy that soon,
  however.  
"You kids have fun," Grace said as she started to leave. "I'll see you later."  
"Bye Mistress," called Alana. "and thank you."  
"Bye Mistress," echoed Patience. "and thank you."  
Grace decided to go next door to check up on her male slave. Grace really
  had to make a decision about Ted. She had been procrastinating for two years.
  But she honestly didn't know what to do with the man.  
She had given him a chance to be a master but he had blown it. He had totally
  ignored his responsibilities. He had totally ignored his wife who was exceptionally
  beautiful and loving. Instead, he had only focused on Alana and Kelly. Plus,
  his idea of being a master was fucking as much as possible. He had no concept
  of slavery and the discipline and care and feeding that went into creating
  good slaves.  
Grace was not sure why she treated Ted differently than the rest of her slaves.
  She was firm but loving with the girls. She felt that she bordered on cruel
  with her one male slave, though. And she found that she truly enjoyed tormenting
  him.  
Before leaving for the island, she had locked a leather harness around the
  base of his scrotum. It had the effect of stretching his balls away from his
  body, a look that she enjoyed. She imagined that he must have looked uncomfortable
  to his colleagues at work and wondered how the boy would be able to sit all
  day at his desk with his balls stretched the way that they were. Or how he
  was able to concentrate at all.  
She also wondered if his colleagues were noticing the subtle changes going
  on in Ted's body. For the past six months, he had been the receiving hormone
  injections demanded by Grace. His skin was becoming softer and more feminine
  looking. And he had started to grow breasts. If they hadn't been noticed by
  his fellow workers, they would be soon. Ted already sported B-cup-sized breasts
  and seemed destined to be a full C or D.  
Grace found her daughter, Kelly, when she entered the house. She had Ted
  bound spread-eagle to the four corners of a table and was kneeling above him,
  riding his cock. Kelly also enjoyed tormenting the man and Grace knew that
  her daughter was unlikely to allow Ted to climax. For the moment, the male
  slave was simply being used as a warm, lifelike dildo.  
"Don't mind me, kids," said Grace as she found a seat to watch the erotic
  scene. She noticed that someone had replaced the harness around Ted's scrotum
  in her absence. The new collar was much wider and stretched the man's balls
  several inches away from his body. The stretched skin of his sac glistened
  as it reflected the light in the room.  
Kelly had also invented a new torment. Two slender cords were attached to
  the sides of the scrotum cuff. Those cords went up Kelly's back, over her shoulders,
  and back down her front where they ended in alligator clamps attached to the
  male's nipples. Each time Kelly rode up on the cock, the cords would cause
  the nipples and balls to be stretched upward, causing Ted to grimace and grunt.  
Grace admired her daughter's lovely form. Princess Alana was originally going
  to be Kelly's slave, but Grace was concerned that Kelly was not ready for such
  responsibility at the time. Lately, however, she was demonstrating more and
  more dominance and Grace felt that maybe it was time to make a change.  
Kelly bounced up and down with her perspiration causing her body to glisten
  and glimmer. Her full, perfect breasts bounced with each stroke, showing off
  her youthful firmness. Grace very much admired the taut, sensitive nipples.
  They were long and constantly erect and they stiffened into perfect cylinders
  when she was aroused. Grace could tell that her daughter was very aroused at
  the moment.  
Grace arose from the chair and crossed the room to the table. She let one
  hand stroke Kelly's hair and then travel downward along the girl's back until
  she was cupping a firm, bouncing bottom cheek. With the other hand, she gave
  her daughter's slippery clitoris a few strokes and then slid her hand up the
  tight, firm belly until she cupped a breast and gave it a loving squeeze. Kelly
  leaned over and gave her mother a kiss, snaking out her tongue to let it dance
  with Grace's. "Welcome back, mom."  
Maybe Grace would give Ted to Kelly. Better yet, maybe Kelly should own both
  Meredith and Ted. Her daughter would be the mistress of the slave couple. That
  would surely simplify Grace's life.  
It might make things a little complicated on the island, though. With each
  girl having to spend three months in residence, that would mean that each mistress
  and slave would be separated for six months each year. Maybe she could send
  mistress and slave pairs there instead so they could be together. Or maybe
  Patience and Meredith would do all of the duty and Kelly and Alana could visit
  the island as mistresses to be with their slaves whenever they wanted. So many
  decisions!  
Grace gave her daughter's clit another few strokes and then gave the distended
  balls a hard whack, eliciting a squeal out of the partially feminized man.
  And then she left the two to their business to return to Alana's home. She
  fully expected to find her other two slaves coupling in the bedroom. What she
  found instead, however, was two beautiful naked women grunting and groaning
  as they used crowbars to try to peel the fireplace mantle away from the wall.
  Apparently, Alana needed additional labor for the job and a slave turned out
  to be just the ticket.  
Grace left the two sweaty, naked slaves to their task and went to her own
  home, next door to Alana's. She had three things to think about. The first
  was the status of each of her current slaves and how that would affect her
  commitment to slaves in residence. Second was their living arrangements. Currently,
  all of them lived in three adjacent houses on a quiet street in the suburbs.
  Since becoming the owner of the occupants of the two other houses, Grace had
  a privacy fence erected around the three yards so that people would not be
  easily shocked by naked bodies prancing around outdoors. But that was hardly
  an acceptable solution. The third thing that she needed to think about was
  her slavery to KC. In two weeks, she would start her first of two one-week
  periods of slavery to the other mistress. She would definitely need to mentally
  prepare for that.  
Grace started with the first issue. She decided that she would elevate Kelly
  to a mistress. She would send Kelly to the island as a slave after Kelly finished
  her sophomore year, however. She would have the girl serve as a slave for a
  few months and then bring her back to become a mistress before the start of
  her junior year of college.  
Other than the time spent by Kelly, the rest of the island duty would fall
  on the shoulders of Meredith and Patience. Alana's and Kelly's future visits
  to the island would be as mistresses. This probably meant that Grace needed
  to procure at least one more slave. She started to mentally review the other
  females in the neighborhood.  
She also decided that it was time to move. With the success of the architectural
  firm, the group would be able to buy a nice piece of property in the country
  and build whatever home or homes they would need on that property. She decided
  to consult with Alana about whether it should be a large mansion with separate
  wings for each mistress or separate homes.  
Grace would continue to own Alana and Kelly. She would treat them as equals
  except for when she summoned them for her pleasure. During those visits, they
  would be treated as slaves. She would not impose on their slaves unless the
  junior mistresses offered their slaves for her use.  
She decided that they definitely needed to add a slave. She wanted one to
  call her own. Plus they needed more for coverage of the island duties. She
  would start to look for prospects. She had never had to buy a slave before
  and she had no intention of starting that now.  
That brought her to her third concern. She had to prepare herself for a visit
  with KC. In a way, she had bought Patience. And Grace's body had been part
  of the price. Now, she needed to prepare to pay that price.  
Chapter 10: Fox Hunts in New England  
Another year later found the interior of the new home being finished as the
  landscaping was being started. Alana was overseeing the work and had sent Patience
  to the island since the young architect knew she was going to be too busy to
  tend to a slave.  
Even though she was now a mistress, Alana continued to supervise her construction
  projects as she always had. She did it naked. Well, almost naked. She wore
  a white hardhat and black leather safety boots. And lately, she had added a
  web belt that hung seductively around her waist and onto one hip. She kept
  a water bottle on the belt and it finally provided her with a place to carry
  her pencils and tape measure.  
Alana was the favorite of the workers on the site and she was able to get
  much more productivity out of her subcontractors than other contractors were.
  She had a way of creating goals and contests and always provided a coveted
  prize if the goals were met. If a foundation was finished ahead of schedule,
  she might provide blowjobs to the entire crew. If the wiring was done on time
  and under budget, she might let the electricians have Patience for a day.  
She was using a different reward for the landscaping crew. At this point,
  Ted was a full-fledged&hellip;. Well, she wasn't quite sure what he was. His
  chest was rivaling her own at this point, thanks to the hormone treatment.
  His figure had responded well also due both to the hormones and the corset
  training. His employer had fired him a few months earlier, citing sexual deviance
  in the exit interview. And now, he was a tool for Alana to use.  
At the beginning of each day, Alana would establish goals for the landscapers.
  Ted, or Edwina as he/she was being called these days, would be tethered in
  a section of the property being worked on by the crew. The rule was that the
  landscapers could do whatever they wanted with Edwina all day long but they
  could not fuck him unless they had achieved the day's goal.  
It was not uncommon for Edwina to give numerous blowjobs during the breaks
  each day. But each day, the workers strove to hit their targets. And at the
  end of each day, Ted would find a line of burly men waiting for their turn
  at his ass.  
Grace and Alana had decided on a complex of structures that joined in a common
  area. Each wing of the structure was its own mini-mansion, complete with living
  areas, kitchen, bedrooms and bathrooms. The common area included a pool, spa,
  exercise room and dungeon. Since Alana was now the designer of choice for dungeons
  and playrooms all around the globe, this dungeon had to be particularly spectacular.
  It was actually four dungeons in one. It was huge and was located beneath the
  party room. A secret staircase would allow partiers to move from one level
  to another if that kind of party was being held.  
The entire dungeon was open with no walls but each area was referred to as
  a room. The "Inquisition Room" came equipped with racks of two different designs
  for stretching victims. A cell could be used to lock up slaves awaiting punishment
  and torture and Alana had even found an old jail cell complete with rusted
  bars and door that she had disassembled and shipped to be reassembled in the
  dungeon. Getting the door to squeak and groan had been difficult, but she had
  managed it.  
The "Bondage Room" had rings embedded in the walls and floor copiously for
  attaching slaves. It even had an Iron Maiden and a cabinet with every type
  of shackle, straight-jacket, rope and chain imaginable.  
The "Modern Room" had the electrical equipment and sensory deprivation chamber.
  Subs and slaves could enjoy hours on end of voltage coursing through their
  nipples or penises or could be turned into temporary zombies in a pool where
  they could not see, hear or feel anything.  
The "Medical Room" still sent a chill up Alana's spine whenever she went
  into that area. She expected that its primary use was going to be for piercings
  and occasional needle play. But Grace did comment once that this was where
  Edwina would be made complete. She had images of a groaning Ted on the operating
  table looking at his testicles in a jar of formaldehyde.  
The center area held a whipping post, a trapeze and two types of crosses.
  This area would be for public punishments of selected slaves.  
Alana was alone at the new home at the moment. Kelly had taken both of her
  slaves to the old house this morning. Patience was in residence on the island.
  And Grace had left two days earlier for a week of vacation at KC's estate in
  Connecticut. She was glad that the two mistresses enjoyed each other's company
  so much but was puzzled why Grace never brought KC to visit them. It was always
  Grace who did the traveling. She knew that her jaw was going to become very
  tired if she was going to keep the landscapers on schedule. She might even
  have to grant them greater liberties with her body to keep her jaw from locking
  up on her.  
At the same moment that Alana was contemplating how to keep the landscapers
  productive, Grace was scrambling through the brush on KC's secluded estate.
  Limbs snapped at her tender naked flesh as she ran as quickly as she could.
  She wasn't really running toward anything because she did not know the area.
  But she knew what she was running away from. The constant yipping and barking
  of the dogs propelled her forward. She was terrified at the thought of what
  might happen if they caught up with her. She was on a New England fox hunt
  and she was the fox.  
If she could just keep moving, she could avoid humiliation and gain freedom
  at the same time. KC had told her that, if she evaded capture, she would be
  released from her contract. But if she were tracked down by the dogs&hellip; it
  was too horrible to even think about.  
Mud splattered on her calves as she ran along a creek trying to confuse the
  dogs. Her heavy breasts bounced uncontrollably with each step. And the sounds
  of the dogs drew nearer.  
Grace knew that KC was riding along behind the dogs. She had been decked
  out in her finest equestrian garb before the hunt, as were the three riders
  with her. A neighboring couple and their daughter joined KC for a spirited
  ride through the countryside.  
The dogs were not the normal selection for this type of event, if there really
  was anything normal about a full grown woman being hunted in New England. Usually,
  hounds were the order of the day. A normal fox would be chased by a pack of
  hounds until the fox escaped or the hounds trapped or killed it. The pack chasing
  Grace was made up of dogs larger than hounds. A German shepherd, two Labradors,
  a greyhound and a boxer were her enemies this day. And each knew her scent.
  KC had stood the naked Grace in the courtyard and used her finger to arouse
  the temporary slave. Then, she had led each dog, all of which were males, to
  the steaming sex for a sniff and an occasional lick. The whole scene had been
  humiliating for the former mistress but it was not nearly as humiliating as
  what would happen if the dogs caught up with her. This thought gave her the
  energy and determination to keep moving.  
Grace emerged from the woods into a field. She knew that open ground would
  work against her but she couldn't go back into the woods. The dogs were coming
  after her through that forest. She darted out into the field, hoping to make
  it into the woods on the other side.  
She was halfway across the field when she heard the dogs more clearly. She
  turned her head and saw the dogs loping across the pasture directly toward
  her, sending a chill down her spine. She quickened her pace but soon found
  herself surrounded by yipping dogs. She kicked out at one, hoping that it would
  send a message but another dog bowled into her from her blind side, sending
  her sprawling.  
Again, she lashed out with a leg and tried to punch another dog with a hand.
  Both blows missed their targets but her efforts created an opportunity for
  one of the Labs. The black-coated dog closed his teeth around Grace's neck
  giving her a deep-throated, menacing growl. Grace froze on her hands and knees
  as she felt the teeth holding onto her. The dog was not trying to kill her.
  It was simply telling her that the chase was ended.  
Grace stayed on her hands and knees for several minutes until she heard the
  clip clop of the riders approaching. "The fox loses again," chirped the daughter
  of the neighbors. "What happens now? Do we skin her?"  
"Hush, Felicity!" scolded the mother. "We don't do that in this country."  
"Your mother's right," agreed KC. "We let foxes live for future hunts. But
  the dogs should have a reward for such a noble hunt. Don't you agree, George?"  
"Indeed I do," said the father.  
Then KC clapped her hands. "On Jupiter!" The boxer immediately sprang into
  action and moved behind Grace, mounting her. Grace started to crawl away but
  the teeth and another deep-throated growl caused her to freeze in place. She
  felt her cheeks burning in shame as the dog moved his hips. She felt the unsheathed
  cock bouncing against her bottom and thighs until, with one successful thrust,
  the boxer buried his cock inside of her. The dog pumped frantically, holding
  his prey in place with its forearms, until it had spent itself inside of her.
  All four riders clapped in appreciation when the deed was done.  
One at a time, each of the five dogs mounted the slave, pumping their long
  cocks into the thirty nine year old woman. After the third dog, Grace collapsed
  onto the ground, too exhausted and too humiliated to go on. The snap of the
  whip on her naked bottom, however, reminded her that she was expected to provide
  more entertainment so she struggled back to her hands and knees.  
When the dogs were finished, Grace's hands were tied in front of her body
  and a rope was led to the saddle of the young girl. Grace was led back to the
  mansion like a prisoner or escaped slave, behind the horse of the neighbor's
  daughter.  
Chapter 11: Teutonic Demands  
Patience was having an easier time of it than Grace but had done every bit
  as much running as the older mistress. It was auction day and Patience was
  working the livery. She was paired with a beautiful Russian girl and the two
  of them hurried back and forth between the dock and the center of the compound
  where the auction was to take place, carrying visitors in their cart.  
The Russian was a new arrival and spoke very little English, making communication
  between the two ponies difficult. Communication would have already been nearly
  impossible, however, because of the bits in their mouths that held their tongues
  clamped tightly between two metal bars. All that the girls could do was grunt
  and make other sounds. Patience hated this kind of bit. Nothing was more undignified
  than having your tongue clamped. The only bit that she hated more was the star
  bit in which a jagged metal star sat in the corners of the girl's mouth making
  her very compliant with each gentle tug of the reins.  
Patience was depressed each time the two ponies arrived at the village green.
  A long cable had been run between two upright poles. Beneath the cable were
  the girls who were to be sold that day. Patience's heart went out to those
  poor slaves. Each had one hand high in the air, held there by a rope that connected
  to the cable. Each had a tight leather belt around her waist with her other
  hand attached to the back of the belt. This arrangement kept the girls in place
  and made them totally available for inspection.  
Each girl had a number painted on her left upper arm. This was their lot
  number, allowing buyers to easily keep track of who they wanted to purchase.
  Each girl had a clipboard dangling from a clamped nipple and Patience watched
  as buyers unclipped the clamps and read the information, only to clamp the
  nipple again when they were finished. Patience was not sure what information
  was provided but she assumed that it included things like measurements, background
  information, skills and medical history.  
She watched as the unfortunate slaves were inspected. Fingers were inserted
  front and back. Mouths were pried open so teeth could be examined. Flesh was
  pinched and slapped to test its firmness. Patience could not imagine a more
  dehumanizing experience and she was glad for the private sale that KC and Grace
  had worked out for her.  
This was an unusual auction. Normally, no men were ever allowed on the island.
  But men had been invited to this sale and represented about half of the thirty
  or so buyers. One of the men seemed to be fascinated by the two ponygirls.
  He slowly walked from side to side, observing them. Then, he tugged on Patience's
  tail, causing the pony to gasp as the butt plug attached to the tail moved
  inside of her.  
The Russian girl yelped and jumped slightly as the man forced a finger into
  the girl's sex and Patience hoped that the movement did not earn the pair of
  them any punishment. He continued with his assessment as he slipped a finger
  under a strap criss-crossing Patience's chest. He slid his finger up to where
  the straps connected between her breasts and then let both hands roam over
  her luscious mounds. He finished by flicking the gemstones dangling from her
  pierced nipples before turning to one of the mistresses.  
"How much for the pair?" he asked with a clipped German accent.  
"They're not for sale," replied the mistress.  
"Everything is for sale. It's just a matter of price," he responded arrogantly.
  Patience could tell that this man was used to getting his own way.  
"We have twelve lovely slaves being sold here today, Sir," the mistress continued.
  But Patience could tell that the woman was rattled. She only hoped that the
  mistress could retain enough composure so that she and the Russian could escape
  to make the next run to the dock for more arriving guests.  
"Enough!" he roared. "I bid on these two!"  
"What seems to be the trouble here?" asked a calm voice as a second mistress
  stepped between the irate master and the cowering mistress. Patience just shook
  her head. She knew that Alana would not have put up with this man's behavior.
  Grace would have had his balls removed.  
"I came to buy. I want to buy these two!" His voice was still several decibels
  higher than what would have been considered appropriate. The new mistress attempted
  to lower the noise level by again using a calm, soothing voice.  
"You are welcome to bid on these two," she said softly. She reached out and
  lifted one of Patience's breasts. "I too have wanted to buy this one many times.
  I'll tell you how it works."  
Patience was terrified. This mistress was going to sell her! She needed to
  call Alana or Grace for help. Bu that was impossible at the moment. She was
  bound to a cart and, even if someone held a phone to her face, the bit would
  make her pleas totally unintelligible.  
Patience listened in horror as the mistress explained that everything on
  the island could be bought for the right price. She reached out again and lifted
  both of Patience's breasts in her palms. "I could picture these being milked
  daily on your dairy farm, Sir." The man smiled and nodded and that sent a chill
  down Patience's spine.  
"But the way it works, Sir" the mistress continued, "is that there is open
  bidding only on the twelve girls out there." She gestured to point to the twelve
  girls tethered beneath the cable. "For anything else that you want to buy,
  whether it be slave or mistress, we handle that on a sealed-bid basis. You
  write out your offer and seal it in an envelope. We deliver it to the owner
  or the council for consideration. As I said, everything is for sale. We have
  even been known to sell mistresses."  
"Acchhhh!" he uttered. "Who owns this one?" Patience felt another chill of
  fear as he pointed at her.  
"She is owned by Princess Alana, Sir," replied the mistress calmly. "Alana
  is not on the island at the moment, but I will make sure that your offer is
  delivered to her."  
"Alana," he pondered. "I have heard about her. I want this one and Alana.
  Deliver this offer to whoever can agree to make them mine."  
Patience thought she would pass out as she watched the man scribble out something
  on a piece of paper. The mistress disappeared and quickly returned with an
  envelope. The man folded the paper, inserted it into the envelope and then
  sealed it. "Deliver this."  
Patience groaned as the mistress smiled and said that she would be sure to
  get the offer into the right hands. The man then clicked his heels, bowed his
  head and then turned and strutted away. Patience was visibly agitated at what
  she had just witnessed and the mistress tried to calm the pony by softly stroking
  her breasts and kissing her cheek.  
"There, there, little pony," the mistress cooed. "You know that your mistress
  would never sell you."  
"Aggghhhhh" Patience tried to convince the mistress to tear up the envelope
  but all that escaped past the gag was unintelligible garble. The mistress slipped
  the envelope inside her toga and then left the two ponies to their duties shuttling
  guests to the auction site. The Russian girl had been totally unfazed by the
  exchange but Patience figured that her fellow pony hadn't understood a single
  word.  
When Patience and the Russian returned to the green with the last of the
  visitors, she had time to relax. She and her teammate were unhitched from their
  cart and their bits were removed. All of their tack remained in place, however,
  in case anyone else needed a ride before the end of the auction. Another pair
  of ponygirls would be relieving them at some point and would be responsible
  for returning the guests to the dock.  
A slavegirl had been appointed to tend to the two ponies. She dutifully toweled
  off the sweaty, naked bodies and then led them to the water trough. The slave
  girl held the ponytails of the two ponies, since the ponies still had their
  hands tied behind their backs, so that their hair would not get wet. Then,
  she left them alone and untethered.  
Patience was allowed to roam around at this point. She would have preferred
  to return to the stables to lie down for a bit but knew that she might be needed
  at the green. So she just wandered about.  
She walked past the slaves who were to be sold. They were all still strung
  up in a line and many were still being inspected and appraised. She had never
  seen such forlorn faces before in her life. The inspection techniques varied
  greatly. She watched as one man used a series of increasingly large dildos
  on an Asian girl. Apparently, he was trying to measure the capacity of her
  cunt and, judging by the way the girl's eyes were bulging, he was close to
  finding her limit.  
Another man moved down the line from girl to girl. He would grasp a breast
  at the base with both hands and then draw them slowly toward the nipple in
  a milking motion. He would make a few notes on his pad of paper and then would
  move to the next girl to repeat the process. Patience had no idea what he was
  doing and imagined that he had a dairy farm filled with human cows.  
A woman seemed to be measuring sexual response. She too moved from girl to
  girl. With each girl, she would slowly run her hands over arms and breasts
  and belly, caressing them. Then her finger would start diddling the girl's
  clitoris. While she was doing this, she would constantly watch the girl's face
  for any signs of reaction. Then, she too would jot down some notes and move
  on to the next girl.  
A lavish banquet was spread out on tables on the lawn and many of the guests
  and mistresses had already started to help themselves to the buffet. Many naked
  slavegirls bustled about refilling platters, carving meats or refreshing drinks.
  Many more naked girls were being used as serving vessels of one form or another.  
Three girls were bound to poles that were hinged to another pole slightly
  more than halfway up their bodies. This allowed the girls to be swayed forward
  and backward. Each girl wore a light harness to which tubes were attached.
  When the girl was upright or leaned backward, nothing would happen. When the
  girl was leaned forward, however, whatever liquid was in the tube would pour
  out to allow someone to refill his or her glass.  
Several methods were used to quench a thirst. One man would insert a finger
  into the girl's unprotected sex and use this to gain the leverage he needed.
  As his finger pumped in and out, he would push forward, causing the girl's
  torso to swing forward. He got a fresh cup of coffee and a cheap thrill at
  the same time.  
A female guest preferred another method. She simply grasped a nipple and
  tugged. This stretched the girl's breast into a long cone but eventually her
  body would tilt and the woman was able to refill her wine glass.  
The third method that Patience witnessed seemed to be the most uncomfortable.
  A master pried open the last girl's mouth and gripped her tongue. His fingers
  slipped off several times but, eventually, he dried her tongue with a napkin
  and was able to pull her forward enough to get a fresh glass of water. The
  grunting and the wide eyes of the girl told Patience that this method was indeed
  hard on girls.  
Patience resumed her roaming. She would not be able to enjoy any of the meats
  since she did not have the use of her hands. But she found a table with two
  girls laid out as serving platters with fruits arranged decoratively on their
  bodies. Patience stopped and leaned over the table, nibbling berries and slices
  of orange off of one of the girls. She even accidentally sucked a nipple into
  her mouth when she was going for a berry. When she heard the moan of pleasure
  escaping from the girl's lips, she just continued suckling on the tasty little
  nubbin to keep the slave entertained for a bit.  
She was interrupted by a sudden slap to her rump. She jerked upright, hearing
  the savory nipple slide from her lips with a popping sound and turned to see
  her German admirer.  
"Hello again, pretty pony. I see that you like fruits," he smiled menacingly. "I
  will have to remember that."  
"Hello Sir," she said.  
"I am Herr Klausen," he introduced himself.  
"Hello, Herr Klausen," she replied. "My name is Patience."  
"Yes, I know. I have learned much about you. It's a shame that you are not
  listed on this today." He tapped the auction program in his pocket. "You would
  be going home with me tonight. Now I will have to wait a few more days before
  I own you and the Princess."  
"Yes Sir," the girl replied as she felt her skin crawl. Being back on the
  island didn't typically bother her. She had long ago gotten used to being owned
  and used to being a toy. The island was like a second home to her now. But,
  at the moment, she wanted to be anywhere but here.  
Fortunately, the auction was starting and it gave her a chance to escape
  from the oily master. Plus, she knew that he would be engrossed in the proceedings
  so she would be back in the stables by the time he was free to pursue her again.  
The plan was to sell a girl every twenty minutes. At the halfway point, she
  and her Russian partner would be relieved by the next pony crew. But that still
  meant that she had to endure two hours of watching girls who she knew being
  sold into a new, frightening life away from the island. And it meant that she
  would be vulnerable to another encroachment by Herr Klausen.  
Chapter 12: Kid in a Candy Shop  
At about the same time that Patience was being relieved of her pony duties
  on the island, Grace was walking behind a horse again. After her defilement
  by the dogs and the long walk back to the manor house, the mistress had been
  hosed off and then brought indoors with the four "hunters." KC and her guests
  sat at the table, enjoying lunch, while Grace knelt on the floor between KC
  and Felicity. The only food that she ate was whatever morsels the other mistress
  or the teenager hand fed her.  
"How did you enjoy your first fox hunt, dear?" asked the female guest.  
"Oh, it was thrilling, Mama!" exclaimed Felicity. "Can we do it again tomorrow?" Grace
  stiffened at the question and the thought of being raped by a pack of dogs
  a second time.  
"I don't think so, Felicity," said the mother. "We can't be imposing on Ms.
  Cartwright. Besides, you have a dentist appointment in the morning."  
Felicity groaned. "Oh Mama, we can always reschedule that."  
"And have your mouth full of cavities? I don't think so!"  
"Well can we at least get us a fox so I can practice for the next hunt?" asked
  an eager teenager.  
The mother laughed. "We'll see. Maybe if you learn to keep your room clean,
  Santa will bring you a fox." Felicity rolled her eyes and groaned again.  
"I have a thought," interjected KC. Grace knew that nothing good could come
  out of the other mistress' mouth. "Take my fox for the evening. That way, Felicity
  can practice all she wants."  
"Oh Mama!" cried the girl. "Can I, can I, can I?"  
"Oh I don't know, dear," replied the mother. "That would be an imposition
  also."  
Grace was mortified. She was being offered to someone who was less than half
  her age. Even the girl's mother was younger than Grace, even if it was only
  by a year. This was going too far! She turned to argue with KC but her eyes
  were immediately met with a stern look and the shake of a head. Grace's heart
  sank. It might have been an indignity but she had agreed to complete ownership.  
"It's no imposition at all," smiled KC graciously. "You take Grace with you
  and you can return her tomorrow on your way to the dentist."  
It had started to drizzle by the time that the guests made their departure.
  The parents and the daughter slipped into ponchos to keep themselves dry and
  mounted their horses. Grace's hands were once again tied in front of her and
  the rope was led up to the pommel on Felicity's saddle where it was tied off.  
KC gave Grace's bottom a pat. "Have fun!" Grace turned her head and glared
  at the mistress before feeling her hands jerked forward. Once again, she felt
  like an escaped convict being returned to prison only, this time, she was a
  wet convict.  
Even though it was a light mist that was falling, Grace was drenched by the
  time she reached the home of her new captors. Fortunately, they lived on property
  adjacent to KC's. Grace wondered what they would have done if they lived three
  doors down. Would they have walked the naked slave down the road? Probably,
  she concluded. Things were just weird enough these days for that to happen.  
Thankfully, the mother intervened when they got to the house. Felicity had
  wanted to play fox hunt with her new pet but the mother decided that would
  have to wait until the weather cleared. In the meantime, it would be indoor
  games only. Grace was allowed a bath to clean up and warm herself. Even that
  was embarrassing, however, with Felicity sitting on a stool in the bathroom
  watching her new toy.  
"What's it like being owned?" asked the girl while Grace was lying down in
  the tub.  
"Humiliating," replied the reclining woman, honestly.  
"I suppose it would be," nodded Felicity. "But I'll bet it's exciting at
  times too. I get a tingle whenever I think about what it must be like."  
"Maybe it is for some. I don't get that tingle."  
"How did you become a slave?"  
Grace thought for a moment. She wasn't sure that she wanted to get into all
  of the details. But, in the end, she figured that honesty was the best policy. "I
  made a trade," she replied. "KC gave me one of her slaves. And I agreed to
  be her slave for two weeks each year."  
"Wow! You must have really wanted that slave! Is she pretty?"  
"Patience is beautiful," responded Grace.  
"Is she as beautiful as you?" asked the teenager. Felicity slipped off the
  stool to kneel beside the tub. She had her forearms on the side of the tub
  and rested her chin on her crossed hands.  
"Thank you for thinking I'm pretty," smiled Grace. "But Patience is far more
  beautiful. She's like a goddess."  
Felicity reached forward and brushed her palm over the floating breasts. "I
  think you're like a goddess. You are very beautiful. And I love your titties.
  I hope mine get like yours when I'm older."  
"I'm sure your titties will get larger. But they're very nice already. They
  are nothing to be ashamed of."  
"But these are so much nicer." Felicity grasped the nipple closest to her
  and pulled upward, stretching most of the breast out of the water. She released
  it, letting it fall back to Grace's chest sending ripples of waves throughout
  the tub. Then she repeated it with the other lovely mound. "Doesn't it bother
  you when I touch you like that?"  
"It doesn't matter," replied Grace as she watched the impish girl return
  to the first breast to stretch it into the air. "I'm owned."  
"That's amazing," giggled Felicity. "And to think that, for tonight, I own
  you. You're the first person I've ever owned. I can't wait to tell my friends."  
Grace winced as she felt Felicity's fingernails accidentally dig into her
  tender nipple. "I wouldn't do that," advised the slave. "Slavery is illegal.
  You could get yourself and your parents into a lot of trouble if you told others."  
"Oh," sighed the girl. "I guess that's right. Besides, they'd just want to
  play with you too. And I want you all to myself." Felicity finally abandoned
  the glorious breasts and slipped her hand under the water. She ran her palm
  down Grace's tight belly until she got to the slave's mound.  
"Why don't you have any hair down here?" she asked, letting her fingers dance
  over the denuded flesh.  
"It wasn't my idea," shrugged Grace.  
"Oh." Felicity furrowed her brow as she considered the response. "Well I
  like the way it looks. It looks sexy. Do you think I should do that too?"  
Grace wanted to be annoyed but she found herself liking the girl. Felicity
  was the perfect combination of naivet&eacute;, curiosity, and youthful exuberance.
  The treatment may have been humiliating to Grace but she realized that was
  not Felicity's intent. She was just a kid in a candy shop. Grace just happened
  to be the candy.  
Felicity finally left Grace to finish her bath. Grace was to meet her downstairs
  when she was finished. When the older woman asked what she should wear, Felicity's
  response was short and simple. "Nothing, of course." That worked out well because
  Grace had no clothes anyways. As she was coming down the stairs, she heard
  a door close. When she reached the kitchen, she found Felicity sitting alone
  at the table.  
"They had to leave for awhile but they'll be back in time for dinner," the
  girl advised. "Mama said that I might want to check out your tongue. Do you
  know what that means?"  
"Yes," whispered Grace, feeling her cheeks burning with embarrassment.  
"Good," grinned the girl. "Because I had no idea what she was talking about
  but I didn't want to let on. So show me your tongue." This confused Grace but
  she obediently poked out her tongue.  
"What's so great about that?" asked a genuinely bewildered Felicity. "It's
  just a tongue."  
"I don't think that's what she meant," whispered Grace again.  
"What?" asked Felicity.  
Grace spoke a little louder this time. "I think that she meant that I should
  make love to you with my tongue."  
"Oooohhhh!" exclaimed Felicity with her own cheeks turning crimson this time. "Where
  should we do that?" she finally asked.  
"Your bedroom?"  
"Oh, right," nodded Felicity, trying to compose herself. "Bedroom. Right.
  That makes sense."  
Felicity led her charge back upstairs and into her bedroom. Stuffed animals
  adorned the bed and shelves and Grace realized she was definitely crossing
  a line. After today, she couldn't stoop any lower. She had sex with five dogs
  in the morning and was cradle-robbing in the afternoon.  
"So what do we do now?" asked Felicity.  
"Well," said Grace and then she paused for a moment. "You should at least
  take off your slacks. Or you could take off everything."  
"Right, right. That makes sense." Felicity kicked off her shoes and slid
  her slacks and panties down her legs. Then, with a what-the-heck shrug, she
  took off the rest of her clothes.  
Grace was very impressed with what she saw. She didn't know what to expect
  of Felicity's body, but it exceeded all of her wildest expectations. Under
  different circumstances, and a few more years on Felicity's age, Grace would
  have considered capturing her to become her own slave. But for now the roles
  were reversed. Felicity stood in the middle of the room for a moment and then
  moved to the bed, scooting over until she rested against the pillows.  
Here goes nothing, thought Grace as she moved to the bed to join her owner.
  She wasn't sure if she should just dive between the legs or make it a more
  erotic moment. Since she didn't know how sexually experienced the girl was,
  she opted for the erotic. After all, everyone deserved to have fond memories
  of their first, although she doubted that there were many women who remembered
  their first as being with someone twenty three or twenty four years their senior.  
Grace stood beside the bed and bent at the waist, lowering her face to Felicity's
  and kissing her. "May I pleasure you, Mistress?"  
"Mmmmm" murmured the girl, lifting her head for another kiss. "Please do."  
"Yes, Mistress," replied Grace. She placed her hands on the bed to steady
  herself and then started planting little kisses all over Felicity's face. The
  girl closed her eyes and sighed happily, enjoying the sensations that her slave
  was giving her. Grace's lips brushed over her mistress' chin and then down
  her throat to her chest.  
Grace decided to avoid the nipples for a bit but moved her lips around the
  base of each breast, circling each with kisses. She had to crawl up on the
  bed and now had one hand on the bed on either side of Felicity. The teenager
  was already squirming, but she managed to keep her hands to her sides to let
  the older woman pleasure her.  
Again, Grace marveled at the prone body. This girl had nothing to be ashamed
  of. Her figure was trim and perfect. Her skin was flawless and soft. The breasts,
  which were currently the subject of the slave's attention, were ideal. They
  probably would grow some more but Grace guessed that they already filled a
  C-cup bra. And they were amazingly firm. Grace had never experienced breasts
  on someone so young. She couldn't remember what hers were like at Felicity's
  age, but she wished she had paid more attention to them back then.  
Felicity's nipples were rock hard at this point and Grace had not even touched
  them yet. And they were long. Grace was bad at estimating sizes but she knew
  that each one had to be longer than a half inch. She paused to blow lightly
  over the little nubbins and smiled as she saw her mistress tremble. But the
  girl never moved.  
Grace repositioned herself on the bed. She knelt between Felicity's outstretched
  legs and lowered her head to the first breast. Lightly, she flicked her tongue
  once over the nipple. The girl stiffened and moaned. Grace did the same to
  the twin nipple and elicited the same response.  
Grace kissed between the breasts and then moved downward, leaving a trail
  of kisses behind. Felicity whimpered and Grace was not sure if it was because
  she had left the nipples behind or because she was moving toward another target.  
For the next sixty minutes, Grace played with the teenager's body and mind.
  At times, she would focus on the girl's sex, parting the delicate petals with
  her tongue or piercing between them to use her tongue to probe the girl deeply.
  She totally avoided the cute little clitoris for the first thirty minutes.  
Grace would spend a few minutes between Felicity's thighs and then slide
  her body up over the girl's. Sometimes, she would stop and spend time with
  the beautiful round breasts and their succulent nipples. Her attentions to
  those nipples were either flicking them with her tongue, suckling on them with
  her lips or nibbling on them with her teeth.  
Other times, she would bypass the breasts. Cradling Felicity's head in her
  hands, Grace would passionately kiss her mistress. Her tongue would explore
  the girl's mouth and dance with her tongue. When she started her journey back
  downward, the girl would be a whimpering, quivering mass.  
Several times, she simply gave the teenager a quick kiss and then kept moving
  upward. Grace would dangle her pendulous breasts over Felicity's lips for the
  girl to enjoy. Felicity was eager but relatively unskilled at first. She would
  suck a proffered nipple into her mouth and then simply suckle it as if she
  were a baby being breastfed. Grace would shift her chest back and forth, ensuring
  that the girl was treated to both breasts equally. After a couple of sessions
  with the large, wonderful breasts, however, Felicity started to be more creative
  and learned to enjoy the tender buds with lips, tongue and teeth as Grace had
  been doing with her.  
After awhile, Grace started to pay attention to the erect little clitoris.
  After scooping her tongue up between the slick petals, or plunging her tongue
  into Felicity's sex, or nibbling along the girl's labia, she would flutter
  her tongue over the sensitive little stalk. But she would stop as soon as she
  saw her mistress' belly quivering. Then, she would start another journey upward
  to the groans of a frustrated girl.  
Felicity's body became damp with perspiration and Grace enjoyed the feeling
  of the slickness as she would glide her body over the girl's. Her mistress'
  sex was very responsive and Grace ended up swallowing copious amounts of her
  juices each time she scooped her tongue up through the available sex.  
There was nonstop moaning after about an hour of this treatment and Grace
  decided that it was time to give the girl a release. On her last visit between
  her mistress' thighs, Grace spent a few minutes suckling on the engorged labia,
  letting her teeth scrape lightly over the slippery flesh. Then, as a grand
  finale, Grace wrapped her lips around the equally engorged clitoris and sucked
  it as deep into her mouth as she could. She clamped her teeth lightly around
  the base and then let the clit slowly slide from her mouth. She had planned
  on doing this several times until the girl climaxed but, before her teeth even
  reached the tip of the clitoris, Felicity's body tensed and the girl let out
  a long, deep groan.  
Felicity wanted to cuddle afterwards. The two females lay on the bed, facing
  one another. Each girl draped an arm over the other to hold them close and
  little kisses were exchanged. "That was awesome!" exclaimed Felicity. "Thank
  you."  
"Thank you for allowing me to pleasure you, Mistress."  
Felicity slid her body down so that her face was even with Grace's large
  breasts. She sucked a nipple into her mouth and just held it there. Within
  moments, Felicity was sound asleep, suckling contentedly on the breast of her
  first slave, a woman over twice her age.  
Chapter 13: Alpine Nightmare  
The project was finally completed. Thankfully, Kelly brought Meredith and
  Ted back to the estate after a couple of days at the old house. Alana was not
  sure how much sperm she had swallowed in their absence to keep the landscapers
  on schedule but she knew she had been on a very high protein diet. After Kelly's
  return, Alana was able to use Ted as the enticement and reward for the workers.
  And they seemed to enjoy playing with the she-male. It was a novelty to see
  a man with such beautiful breasts and they did not seem at all concerned that
  he had a cock and balls between his legs. His mouth and asshole worked just
  like a woman's.  
Grace returned to the estate a few days later. She seemed a little tired
  but was in very good spirits. Alana was sure that her mistress thoroughly enjoyed
  her getaways with her good friend KC.  
Grace was delighted as she saw the finishing touches being made. Meredith
  had been assigned the job of moving and, on a single day, all three homes were
  emptied and all of the belongings were moved to the new home.  
In the middle of all of this enjoyment and tranquility, Grace received a
  call from the island. She was informed that someone had placed a bid on Patience.
  She was surprised when she opened the envelope a couple of days later to find
  that the offer was actually for Alana and Patience. A Herman Klausen was offering
  her twenty million dollars for the pair. Once again, Grace was reminded of
  how lucrative it would be to just become a slaver. She seemed to have a knack
  for the profession. Grace decided not to share this information with her pet
  and her pet's pet.  
As the estate project wound down, Alana decided that she needed a break.
  After a lengthy lovemaking session with Grace, she asked her mistress for permission
  to go to the island for a bit. Grace readily agreed but was surprised when
  Alana said that she would send Patience back home after she arrived on the
  island. Grace asked Alana why she wouldn't be keeping her pet with her.  
"I just need some down time, Mistress," responded Alana. "This was a big
  project. And being a mistress is a lot of work. I just want a month or so of
  just being a slave again with no worries in the world."  
"Of course, pet," smiled Grace understandingly. "It will be a good opportunity
  for you to clear your mind. But you should think about keeping Patience with
  you. You can still be a slave with her and I'm sure that it won't change your
  relationship with her at all. But I can tell that she's been missing you. She
  would be heartbroken if you sent her away."  
"Yes Mistress," replied Alana. "You're probably right. I'll think about it." Then
  the two lovers drifted off to sleep in one another's arms.  
Several days later, Grace received another letter from the island. Herr Klausen
  had again contacted the island mistresses and repeated his offer for the two
  girls. Grace crumpled up the paper and threw it away. This man was proving
  to be an annoyance.  
Two weeks later, Grace received a phone call from KC who was currently on
  the island. Klausen had called again and KC was worried. She said that she
  had never met the man but he sounded menacing and could be dangerous. Grace
  asked KC if she should call her two pets home and KC indicated that might be
  wise. They agreed that Alana and Patience would be on the first boat out the
  next morning.  
In the morning, the inhabitants of the island were shocked to discover an
  empty bed. Patience and Alana had been allowed to share a bed, which was not
  usual for slaves. It was only allowed since Alana owned Patience. But since
  Alana was on the island as a slave, was shackled to her bed by her ankle just
  like all of the other slaves. What the residents found when they entered the
  room where the two girls were supposed to be sleeping were two chains dangling
  from the corners of the bed; no shackles, no girls. The chains had been cut
  and the girls had been stolen.  
Patience was the first one to awaken. She opened her eyes to total blackness
  in a cramped space. She could feel a warm soft body next to her and assumed
  that it was Alana's. She tried to move her arm but there wasn't enough open
  space to be able to budge. She did not think that she was bound in any way
  but she was totally immobile. She was terrified.  
"Mistress?" she whispered. There was no response. "Mistress?" she said louder,
  but still there was no response. She broke down into tearful sobs and cried
  herself back to sleep.  
Some time later, Alana awoke. She found exactly what Patience had discovered
  a little while earlier. It was completely dark. She could not move. There was
  another warm body stuffed in the box with her. And she could hear what sounded
  like airplane engines. She correctly assumed that she and her slavegirl had
  been kidnapped and were being transported somewhere.  
"Pet?" whispered Alana.  
"Oh Mistress, you're awake!" cried Patience. "I'm so afraid!"  
"Don't be frightened, little one. We're together," reassured the mistress. "We'll
  be fine." They could not move their arms or legs but they were able to press
  their bodies more closely together.  
"What happened?" asked Patience.  
"We must have been kidnapped," replied Alana.  
"Will they rescue us?"  
"I'm sure the will, pet," said Alana comfortingly, although she was not sure
  at all. She had no idea who had kidnapped them or where they were being taken.
  She was sure that Grace would have no idea either.  
"Klausen!" spat Grace as soon as KC told her that the girls were missing. "I'll
  kill that bastard!"  
"Don't do anything hasty," warned KC. "I agree that it must have been Klausen.
  I already have people finding out more about him. We'll get your girls back."  
Once the plane landed, the lid to the box was pried off and two blinking,
  naked girls were helped from the box. They never had a chance to resist or
  struggle. As they were adjusting to the bright light, strong hands gathered
  their arms behind them and bound them tightly at the wrist and elbow. Alana
  cried out at the pain of having her shoulders strained back so viciously. This
  earned her a gag to silence her as an old rag was stuffed into her mouth and
  her lips were covered with duct tape.  
"Make a noise and you'll receive the same," said a thickly accented voice.  
"Let go of my Mistr&hellip;" Patience had started to protest the treatment
  of Alana but her argument was cut off with another old rag and more duct tape.
  The two girls were then marched out of the plane.  
It was cold outside and a heavy snow was falling. The naked beauties shivered
  and gooseflesh quickly covered their bodies as they were roughly pushed forward.
  Fortunately, they didn't have to walk far. They reached a waiting truck and
  were unceremoniously lifted and dumped into the back of the truck. It wasn't
  much warmer in the vehicle, but at least snow was not falling on them and they
  could snuggle together to share their body heat. The truck started and the
  girls headed off on the next leg of their journey to an unknown destination.  
By the time the girls were unloaded from the truck thirty minutes later,
  they were shivering. With blue lips and rock-hard nipples, they were, once
  again, marched through the snow. With their elbows bound behind them, they
  had virtually no way to even provide a little protection from the cold. They
  couldn't cover themselves with their arms, rub their frigid flesh or even crouch
  forward to shelter themselves.  
They noticed that they were in the mountains. Under different circumstances,
  they would probably have marveled at the beauty of the majestic peaks, but
  this was the farthest thing from their minds. They were cold and that's all
  they could think about. Postcard scenery would have to wait for another day.  
After a short, frigid walk, they were escorted into a mansion where they
  were finally met with some warmth. The heat would work its way into them slowly,
  however. In the meantime, gooseflesh-covered bodies would continue to shiver
  uncontrollably.  
Their escorts left them in the hands of a man who appeared to be a butler
  or some other kind of servant. He grasped an elbow from each of the girls and
  guided them down a hallway and into a spacious living room. There, they were
  confronted with their captor.  
Herr Klausen was standing imperially in front of the fireplace with the same
  evil grin that had unnerved Patience on the island. Patience recognized the
  vile man immediately but Alana had no idea who he was. She just knew that she
  didn't like him.  
"I am Herr Klausen," he started. "You will address me as Master from now
  on. You are my property." Even his voice sounded evil, thought Alana. The man
  gestured to the servant who stepped in front of the two girls.  
"Your gags will be removed," Klausen said in a clipped tone. "You will not
  speak. If you speak, I will cut out the tongue of the other."  
The eyes of both girls went wide with terror at this threat. But both of
  the girls believed the man. The butler reached up and ripped off the tape from
  each beautiful face. Then he fished the rags out of their mouths and left.
  Neither girl uttered a word.  
"Your former owner was foolish," Klausen went on. "I offered to buy you but
  she refused. I was left with no choice." The man stepped forward and slowly
  circled the shivering girls. Behind them, he lifted their bound hands, raising
  their arms until they had to bend at the waist. Then he lowered them and continued
  his orbit around them.  
Standing in front of them, he grasped a breast from each girl, squeezing
  them. His face showed no emotion and no appreciation of the wonderfully firm
  breasts. He could just as easily have been comparing melons in a grocery store.
  He lifted the same breasts in his hands and bounced them, shifting his gaze
  back and forth to compare them. Then he released the luscious mounds. At no
  time, did he look at their faces. Their feelings and reactions were of no interest
  to him. He was inspecting assets.  
"Acceptable," he pronounced after his inspection tour was completed. Then
  he produced a knife and sliced through the ropes that were binding the arms
  so painfully. Herr Klausen took a seat in a comfortable wing-back chair but
  did not invite the girls to make themselves comfortable. So they remained standing.  
"You are here for a purpose," he started. "Two purposes to be more precise.
  You are here for my entertainment and I should warn you that I have very exotic
  interests."  
Images of fingernails being pulled out and surgical experiments being conducted
  on their bodies flashed through Alana's mind. This man seemed capable of anything
  cruel.  
"And you are here to further the cause," he continued. Both girls raised
  their eyebrows at that comment, wondering what they were expected to do for
  the cause and which cause it was. The reaction did not go unnoticed by Klausen. "What
  cause, you are wondering."  
Klausen went on to explain to the girls. He had been a young teenager during
  the "unlawful invasion" of his country in the last world war and had witnessed
  the humiliation of watching his country being defeated. He explained that the
  principles and values upon which that society had been built were valid and
  correct and true and that the defeat was simply due to the ineptitude of the
  leadership. He was going to rebuild using those same basic values and principles
  and he assured the girls that he was not inept. He was going to create a master
  race that would someday rule the world.  
He might not be inept, thought Alana, but he was certainly deranged. The
  danger of their situation became very clear at that point and she was suddenly
  very afraid.  
"You will bear my children," he announced. "But don't worry. You will not
  have to raise them. I have a staff of trained professionals to mold them. You
  will simply be my brood mares."  
Patience's mind was spinning. This was crazy! They were kidnapped by a crazy
  man and carted halfway around the world to wherever they were. And it was to
  make babies? Not only that, but those babies were supposed to rule the world?
  This sounded like the plot of a very bad B movie.  
"I would advise you to be compliant," he went on. "I have already given you
  one example of how the lack of obedience will be treated. And, as I said, I
  have very exotic tastes. I would enjoy slicing out a tongue. All that I need
  from you is your womb. Most other parts are dispensable. I would also enjoy
  amputating your arms and legs and it will not affect your usefulness to me.
  If I don't slice off your breasts, they will be useful in nursing your babies.
  But if you do not obey, they will make very stylish purses."  







Chapter 14:&nbsp; Human Brood Mares

Patience felt like some sort of human experiment.&nbsp; For the past three days, she and Alana spent each day in a laboratory.&nbsp; They were each strapped to benches that held them at a slight angle with their heads at the lowest point.&nbsp; 

Their arms were strapped to their sides and were essentially useless.&nbsp; Their legs were splayed widely and Patience felt the strain in her groin each morning as they were spread and bound.&nbsp; But by midday, the burn in her muscles died away.

A team of doctors and nurses and lab assistants attended to them.&nbsp; Or maybe the team worked on them.&nbsp; Patience couldn&#8217;t tell what they were doing.&nbsp; And she had trouble telling them apart.&nbsp; They all wore gowns, sanitary masks, hair nets and gloves.&nbsp; All that she could really see was their eyes and whether or not a pair of breasts tented the gown.

She had no idea what they were up to or why they were being kept in a clean room environment.&nbsp; They seemed to be constantly taking vital signs on the pair of captives with blood pressure, temperature and pulse readings and other measurements throughout the day.&nbsp; And several times each day, they took blood samples from each of the girls.

It didn&#8217;t bother her that she was displayed so lewdly.&nbsp; It didn&#8217;t even bother her when they would slide a thermometer into her pussy.&nbsp; She had grown accustomed to being exhibited and used over her three years of slavery.&nbsp; What did bother her, though, was Klausen&#8217;s daily visit.

Each morning at precisely nine o&#8217;clock he would arrive in their cell or lab or whatever it was.&nbsp; He always wore a decorative robe and a mask and latex gloves but he would shed the robe shortly after arriving.&nbsp; One of the nurses would kneel and give him a blowjob to get him hard and then she would bathe his cock with some sort of disinfectant after he was erect.&nbsp; Then he would fuck one of the bound girls until he released his seed into her womb.&nbsp; He would leave after that and would return punctually at eleven o&#8217;clock to repeat his actions, giving the other girl a load of his sperm.&nbsp; After he came inside one of them, one of the lab technicians would insert a plug or dildo into the recently seeded pussy and then that girl would spend the rest of her day with that object as a reminder of his visit.

&#8220;I don&#8217;t understand why they don&#8217;t climax,&#8221; Klausen said to the doctor after he had just climaxed into Alana.&nbsp; &#8220;They show no signs of arousal.&#8221;

&#8220;It makes no difference to the process, Herr Klausen,&#8221; the doctor replied.&nbsp; &#8220;It is only important that you climax inside of them.&nbsp; They need your sperm.&#8221;

&#8220;Yes, quite right,&#8221; Klausen agreed.&nbsp; &#8220;But it would be more enjoyable if they showed signs of arousal.&nbsp; I am used to that with my girls.&#8221;

&#8220;They are only here to reproduce,&#8221; said the doctor.

Alana was worried about Patience.&nbsp; Actually, she was worried about both of them.&nbsp; But she knew that she had been on birth control pills recently because of the construction project.&nbsp; She could not afford to get pregnant from the incentives that she provided to the construction crew.&nbsp; But she also knew that Patience was completely unprotected and had been for the past three years.

Each day, they lay on their backs as Klausen&#8217;s little swimmers tried to produce a baby inside of them.&nbsp; And each night, they were locked away in a cell for safekeeping.&nbsp; At least they were locked in the same cell so that allowed them the opportunity to console and comfort one another.

&#8220;I&#8217;m very proud of you, pet,&#8221; said Alana as she held Patience and stroked her hair.

&#8220;Thank you, Mistress,&#8221; sniffled Patience.&nbsp; &#8220;But it&#8217;s so awful!&nbsp; It&#8217;s very hard not to scream at him.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t want his disgusting babies!&#8221;

&#8220;I know, little one,&#8221; said Alana and she leaned down and kissed the top of her girl&#8217;s head.&nbsp; &#8220;I don&#8217;t want it either.&nbsp; But you are being very brave.&nbsp; It&#8217;s very important to me that he not hurt you.&nbsp; It&#8217;s very important that you not give him an excuse for hurting you.&nbsp; He&#8217;s a very evil man.&#8221;

Thousands of miles away, Grace and KC were meeting with the mercenaries that they had hired to rescue the two girls.

&#8220;We&#8217;re narrowing it down,&#8221; said the head mercenary.&nbsp; &#8220;We have a list of his holdings and we are checking each of them.&nbsp; But that takes time.&#8221;

&#8220;We don&#8217;t have time, Jim,&#8221; replied KC tersely.&nbsp; &#8220;I want those girls back and I want them now!&nbsp; I am tired of waiting.&#8221;

&#8220;I understand,&#8221; nodded Jim.&nbsp; &#8220;We are working as fast as is humanly possible.&nbsp; To move faster risks exposing ourselves and tipping our hand.&nbsp; If that happens, then he could move them again and we would have to start over.&#8221;

KC sighed.&nbsp; &#8220;I know.&nbsp; I know.&nbsp; It&#8217;s just so frustrating to have to wait.&nbsp; Do you need more money for more men?&nbsp; Money is not an object.&#8221;

&#8220;I would prefer to work with men I know and trust,&#8221; Jim responded.&nbsp; &#8220;I understand your frustration but I beg your patience.&nbsp; We&#8217;ll find them.&#8221;

Grace let out a little sob at the word patience and thought again about her stolen girls.&nbsp; She only hoped that they were not being mistreated.&nbsp; &#8220;Do we have any idea why he kidnapped them?&#8221;

Jim shrugged his shoulders.&nbsp; &#8220;I&#8217;m sorry.&nbsp; No, we don&#8217;t.&nbsp; But after seeing how beautiful they are from the pictures you gave me, I can understand why he would want them.&nbsp; Any man would.&nbsp; The only difference is that he is willing to resort to kidnapping whereas most men would never even consider that.&#8221;

Grace nodded and then slumped back in her chair.&nbsp; Meanwhile, who knew what was happening to her pets?

It was the evening of the fifth day of their captivity when the routine chanced for Alana and Patience.&nbsp; They had been put away in the cell for the night and were cuddling together.&nbsp; They were startled when two men entered the room that contained their cell.&nbsp; One of the men held a finger to his lips, indicating that they should remain quiet.

&#8220;Who are you?&#8221; whispered Alana.&nbsp; Patience just shook with fear.

&#8220;Grace sent us,&#8221; the man whispered back.&nbsp; &#8220;We&#8217;re here to take you home.&nbsp; Stand up and get dressed and we&#8217;ll leave.&nbsp; But be quiet.&#8221;

&#8220;We have no clothes,&#8221; Alana whispered.&nbsp; &#8220;But we&#8217;re ready to go.&#8221;

&#8220;It&#8217;s too cold out there.&nbsp; You need something.&#8221;&nbsp; He unlocked the door to the cell, letting the two naked beauties emerge.&nbsp; It took every ounce of discipline in his body to keep from whistling as the two perfect feminine forms walked out of the cell.&nbsp; They were unbelievable.&nbsp; &#8220;Take our coats.&#8221;

The men removed their jackets, revealing bullet proof vests and a virtual armory that had been hidden beneath moments before.&nbsp; Weapons of every kind seemed to be worn by the two rescuers and there were even things that neither of the girls recognized.

The girls hurriedly donned the jackets, much to the chagrin of the two men who had been admiring their nudity.&nbsp; Then they quietly followed the men out of the room.

Two bodies were in the outer room that guarded their prison.&nbsp; Both were slumped in their chairs with their throats slit.&nbsp; More bodies were seen as the foursome weaved through the hallways of the compound.

&#8216;Did you kill them all?&#8221; asked Patience quietly.

&#8220;Not yet,&#8221; one of the men whispered back.&nbsp; Then he looked down at his watch.&nbsp; &#8220;That will happen in three and a half minutes.&#8221;&nbsp; He spoke quickly into the microphone of the headpiece he was wearing and then turned back to the girls.

&#8220;In one minute, I&#8217;ll open the door and I want the two of you to run.&nbsp; It will be obvious where to run.&nbsp; We&#8217;ll be right behind you.&#8221;

They waited and soon they heard a thump, thump, thump noise from outside.&nbsp; The man opened the door, letting the frigid air blast its way into the warmth of the building and shouted.&nbsp; &#8220;Now!&#8221;

Both girls ran in the direction of the noise.&nbsp; A helicopter was descending into the middle of the compound and they moved as fast as they could toward it.&nbsp; The icy snow-covered ground was a shock to their feet but they did not let it slow them down.&nbsp; This was their chance to escape and a little pain would not deter them.

They heard a gun being fired several times and then heard pfft, pfft, pfft.&nbsp; After the little pfft sounds, the gun was silenced.&nbsp; Another gun fired from another direction and it too was quickly silenced.

Patience tripped and fell, sprawling in the snow, but was quickly picked up by one of the men.&nbsp; Instead of putting her back on her feet, he just carried her easily as if she was just a small child or doll.

&#8220;Nice ass you have there,&#8221; Patience heard a female voice say.&nbsp; She realized that the coat had ridden up when the male grabbed her and that her bottom was now exposed.&nbsp; She could feel the frigid air assaulting her butt.

&#8220;Thanks,&#8221; replied the male who was carrying her as he tossed Patience into the helicopter like she was a sack of potatoes.&nbsp; &#8220;I like it too.&#8221;

They tossed Alana into the helicopter and then clambered in behind.&nbsp; &#8220;Let&#8217;s get out of here and provide cover for the next bird!&#8221;

Quickly, the helicopter arose from the ground and Patience now saw another helicopter swooping in behind it.&nbsp; A dozen or so men ran across the compound and jumped into it, firing their weapons at anyone who was stupid enough to shoot at them.

Patience finally looked around the inside of the helicopter and saw the owner of the feminine voice.&nbsp; She looked to be about the same age as Patience and was quite attractive.&nbsp; But that&#8217;s where the similarity ended.&nbsp; She too was wearing a bullet proof vest and her body bristled with weapons.&nbsp; She looked toned and strong and she had a steely look in her face as she aimed her weapon out the door of the helicopter and shot.

&#8220;Second bird&#8217;s away,&#8221; they heard a male voice from the cockpit.&nbsp; &#8220;Brace for shock and let&#8217;s get out of here.&#8221;

The female warrior slammed the door of the helicopter closed and then knelt between the two girls with an arm around each one of them.&nbsp; &#8220;Hold on tight.&#8221;

Immediately, there was a flash of light and then the helicopter shuddered.&nbsp; Patience felt her heart in her throat as fear coursed through her body.&nbsp; An instant later, they heard the boom of the explosions and it kept on until it was a rolling thunder.&nbsp; Finally, it stopped and the female warrior released them.

&#8220;Now let&#8217;s see if we can find you something more comfortable to wear,&#8221; she said.&nbsp; She stood up and opened a locker that was bolted to the wall of the helicopter.&nbsp; She pulled out two jumpsuits and handed them to the girls.&nbsp; &#8220;They aren&#8217;t the most flattering for the figure, but they should keep you warm.&#8221;

&#8220;Thank you for rescuing us,&#8221; said a very appreciative Alana.&nbsp; &#8220;I don&#8217;t know how we can ever repay you.&#8221;

The two of them shrugged off their coats, eliciting a whistle from the female.&nbsp; &#8220;You might have just repaid me,&#8221; she smiled at them.&nbsp; &#8220;You two are quite a pair.&nbsp; And you each have quite an impressive pair.&#8221;

After being kept naked as a slave for so many years, Patience thought that she had lost the ability to blush.&nbsp; But the whistles and the comments turned her cheeks crimson.

&#8220;Maybe I&#8217;ll have to ask one of you out on a date when we get back,&#8221; the woman said.&nbsp; &#8220;That would be a great payment.&#8221;

Patience glanced at Alana and then back to the woman.&nbsp; &#8220;You&#8217;ll have to ask my mistress about that.&#8221;&nbsp; This caused all of the crew members to raise their eyebrows.

&#8220;Who is your mistress?&#8221; the woman asked.&nbsp; &#8220;I&#8217;ll be sure to ask.&#8221;

Alana finally spoke up.&nbsp; &#8220;I&#8217;m her mistress.&nbsp; And you are welcome to ask Patience out on a date.&#8221;&nbsp; Again, Patience blushed furiously.

&#8220;So this one is Patience.&nbsp; That must mean that you are Alana.&nbsp; It&#8217;s nice to meet you, Mistress Alana.&#8221;&nbsp; The woman held out her hand and Alana shook it.&nbsp; &#8220;I&#8217;ve never met a mistress before.&nbsp; You certainly have good taste in women.&nbsp; Patience is a doll.&nbsp; Actually you both are.&nbsp; I could easily picture both of you as perfect dates.&#8221;

&#8220;Thank you,&#8221; smiled Alana as she stepped into the jumpsuit and pulled it up her body.&nbsp; The woman sighed as the zipper was tugged up, enclosing the delicious body and concealing it but for the elegant curves that were still displayed.

&#8220;Actually, you fill out that jumpsuit nicely.&nbsp; I&#8217;m Caroline, by the way.&#8221;

&#8220;Thank you, Caroline,&#8221; smiled Alana.&nbsp; Then she turned to the male members of the rescue team.&nbsp; &#8220;Thank you, all of you.&#8221;

&#8220;Did you kill that awful man?&#8221; asked Patience as she tugged the zipper of her own jumpsuit up.&nbsp; Caroline sighed again as the cleavage was concealed by the actions of the zipper.

&#8220;If he was there,&#8221; replied Caroline, &#8220;then he&#8217;s dead.&nbsp; We blew up the entire complex.&nbsp; Nobody could have survived that explosion.&#8221;&nbsp; Patience nodded and then sat down to put on the sneakers that had been provided to her.&nbsp; Then she leaned back and closed her eyes to try to sort out the emotions that were racing through her traumatized body.&nbsp; They rode the rest of the way in silence.

The reunion was a joyous one.&nbsp; Both Grace and KC were there along with Kelly and Meredith.&nbsp; About forty of the mistresses attended and a hundred slave girls.&nbsp; Only Ted was missing.&nbsp; He had been left at home.

After a brief celebration, Alana and Patience were excused so that they could gather their thoughts and start to recover from the ordeal.&nbsp; Grace checked in on her two girls later that evening.

&#8220;How are you two doing?&nbsp; You had me worried.&#8221;

&#8220;I think we&#8217;ll be fine, Mistress,&#8221; said Alana.&nbsp; &#8220;We just need a little time to get over it.&nbsp; It was pretty troubling.&#8221;

&#8220;It was awful, Mistress!&#8221; exclaimed Patience.

Grace patted Patience on the head.&nbsp; &#8220;I&#8217;m sure it was, pet.&nbsp; You two can go home whenever you want.&nbsp; And you have been released from your obligation here at the island.&#8221;

&#8220;Mistress?&#8221; said Alana.&nbsp; &#8220;Would you mind if we stayed here for a bit?&nbsp; I think we would like to relax for a while and the island might be just what we need.&#8221;

&#8220;No, pet,&#8221; replied Grace, kissing Alana.&nbsp; &#8220;I wouldn&#8217;t mind at all.&nbsp; In fact, I had your outfits cleaned while you were away so you have everything ready for you here.&#8221;

&#8220;I think I just want to be a slave girl for a while, Mistress; just a slave sister to Patience.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll pick up as her mistress again someday but I&#8217;m not ready for that just yet.&#8221;

&#8220;Of course, pet,&#8221; smiled Grace.&nbsp; &#8220;Take as long as you need.&nbsp; I&#8217;m sure that the other mistresses will be delighted to have you back as a slave.&#8221;

Patience just beamed brightly at the news.&nbsp; Despite how awful the island had seemed at first to her, she had grown to love this place.&nbsp; And now she would be able to enjoy it with her re-enslaved, beautiful slave sister.


The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Captv8td


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





