BDSM Library - The Commune




The Commune
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story in set in England in the 1960's. Brenda sets off on a hitchhiking holiday and ends up in a hippie commune devoted to free love.This is a work of fiction,
    any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise is purely coincidental,
    etc. 
  Copyright 2004 
  The Commune 
  Last night, I dreamed of a black horse. Upon waking, I looked in the dictionary
  of dreams I keep in my bedside table, to see if there is any significance to
  this particular night time vision. It seems a dream of a black horse is a dream
  of passion. Considering all that has happened in the past weeks, I am not surprised.   
He did try and sorta warn
    me but I paid it no heed. I was on an adventure. School was over for six
    weeks and I wanted to tour England on my own. Disregarding my parent's objections,
    I set off from my Northumberland village home with a small rucsac and my
    credit and Youth Hostel cards and headed for the A1 southbound. Dressed eyecatchingly
    in shorts and my new, in-fashion, flowered blouse, I quickly got a lift to
    Scotch Corner and another to Doncaster with elderly truck drivers but then
    the rain came and I was forced to wear my drab waterproof cape. It was mid
    afternoon before the van pulled up. &quot;Where to?&quot; the hippie looking
    lad driving asked.  
&quot;South out of this rain.&quot; He grinned and wolf-whistled when I tossed
my cape and rucsac into the back of the van. 
  We chatted non-stop but he never mentioned where he lived until about six when
  he said, &quot;I turn off here and head into the wilds of Lincolnshire. I can
  drop you off in the village or you can come to the commune and stay there.&quot; With
  the windscreen wipers going full blast, there was no way I wanted to get out
  of the van but when I agreed to stay Mickey went on. &quot;I should warn you
  that it is a love cult commune Brenda. You'll need to drop your knickers and
  open your legs if you know my meaning.&quot; I knew he'd been eyeing my thighs
  all afternoon so I wasn't too concerned. In fact I rather fancied him. 
&quot;I'm sixteen and on the pill,&quot; I replied and daringly put my hand on
his crotch, &quot;I'm not a virgin.&quot; I wasn't very experienced then but
I certainly learned fast. 
&quot;You're sure. There will be others...&quot; I nodded, hearing the rain pounding
on the cab roof. 
  The commune turned out to be an ex-World War II RAF control tower on a disused
  airfield, now a farm. Mickey gripped my hand and led me into the ground floor
  room that served as a combined kitchen, dining room and lounge. A well built,
  bare breasted woman in her mid thirties cheerfully greeted us. &quot;You're
  late today Mickey, we've almost finished. Did the young lady hold you up?&quot; 
&quot;No ma'am, it was the weather. I think the storm followed us here. May I
introduce Brenda or Bren as she likes to be called. I picked her up earlier in
the afternoon. Bren, this is Lady Patricia. She's the head of our commune and
rules us with a rod of iron or should I say with a rubber paddle.&quot;  
&quot;And you'll be on the list for the paddle if you're not careful laddie.&quot; Lady
Patricia laughed and kissed me fully on the mouth and then hugged me so my face
was in her ample tits. &quot;Did he tell you what sort of commune this is Bren?&quot; she
asked. 
&quot;Not really, except it was a love cult and I would have to drop my knickers.&quot; 
&quot;Well if you are only staying one night, that is about all you'll need to
do but I guess more than Mickey will want to get their cock inside you, even
then you won't be raped. They like a fresh piece of cunt.&quot; I was a little
surprised at the crude language but she continued. &quot;However, if you find
you would like to stay then you'll have to work and be subject to the same rules
and discipline as the rest. I hope you'll stay, it'll even the numbers again.&quot; She
introduced me to the other ten young people sitting around the meal table. Everyone
made me welcome but almost immediately I forgot their names, distracted by their
dress. At first I only noticed the shirts. All were either completely unbuttoned
or nearly so to reveal manly chests and braless female bosoms. As they stood
to be introduced I was shocked to see the men and women wore shorts held up with
colourful braces, or suspenders as Lesley with her American accent, insisted
on calling them. Without braces the shorts would have fallen to the floor because
the top button and zips were undone. Several of the men proudly displayed their
erections. I know I blushed but I could also feel myself becoming a little wet.
I was greeted with more kisses and little feels between my legs until Lady Patricia
called a halt, &quot;Mickey show her where to wash and piss and then get yourselves
down here for some dinner.&quot; 
  The washroom was a relict from the men's wartime ablutions with door-less toilets
  and urinals at one end, a row of washbasins along a wall and open showers at
  the other end. Mickey immediately used the urinal and seeing me hesitate said, &quot;After
  a couple of days, you won't worry about anyone seeing you pee.&quot; I wasn't
  sure I would stay that long. Everyone seemed friendly, but I felt shy about
  the open display of body parts I normally kept covered. It all seemed very
  slutty. Mickey opened his shirt and flies before we returned to the kitchen
  and I guessed I would have to do the same if I stayed. 
  Our meal was simple but pleasing although they'd had to stretch it a little
  because they'd only saved enough for Mickey. Several remained sitting at the
  table and chatted mainly finding out where I came from and my plans. As if
  I had any at that time. Doreen unashamedly asked how often I had been fucked
  and when I blushed and stuttered one boy had sex with me three times, she laughed
  and said they would at least triple my score by morning. Mickey took me to
  the sink and asked me help him do out dishes. &quot;We all try and do our bit
  to make life easier for everyone,&quot; he said. &quot;It's not all sex.&quot; We
  finished and went to the lounge part. The lounge had six divan beds that served
  as couches, arranged in a hexagon around a central table. &quot;Looks like
  someone is to be disciplined tonight,&quot; Mickey whispered. Lady Patricia,
  I was told always to give her the full title although she wasn't really an
  aristocrat, stood in the centre. On the table lay what looked like a stout
  rubber fly swatter or a table tennis bat with a long handle. Two of the group
  stood to one side while most of the others had paired off and were openly cuddling
  and intimately fondling each other. We sat on a divan alongside Erica who was
  feeding a breast to Nigel. All activity stopped when Lady Patricia spoke. 
&quot;Boys and girls, as you know we have to have a few rules to keep this commune
running smoothly. When people break these rules or do not do their work properly
as Sally and David failed to do this morning, then we resort to good old-fashioned
punishment with the paddle. For our newcomer, I would point out that this is
not severe and their bums will only smart for a day or so but it does serve to
remind people of their obligations. Sally and David you will get three apiece
on each cheek in front of you all. Please assume the punishment position.&quot; 
  The miscreants dropped their shorts and bent over either end of the table and
  lying flat on the surface, tightly gripped each other's arms just above the
  elbow. I noticed David had an erection and Sally eyes were streaming tears
  as they lay with their arses over the ends, nicely positioned to receive the
  paddle. Mickey took my hand and put it around his prick and I felt his hand
  feel its way inside my shorts. &quot;One of the rules is for no underwear or
  bras,&quot; he whispered as his hand found my knickers. &quot;If you stay,
  remember that because that paddle hurts like hell as you will see.&quot; I
  could feel Mickey's prick stiffen in my hand and knew it was bigger than my
  ex-boyfriend's but I wasn't afraid and the atmosphere had already made me horny. 
  The sound of Lady Patricia bringing the paddle crashing down on Sally's bottom
  caught my attention. The poor girl tried to stifle a cry but couldn't and David
  had to hold her arms firmly to prevent her standing. It was then his bottom's
  turn to take a swat and he let out a groan. Sally's other bum cheek resounded
  to the next stroke and again she cried. I watched transfixed by what was happening
  and wondered how her ladyship could say this wasn't a severe punishment but
  kept quiet while she delivered the remaining strokes. Seeing the two naked
  bums being punished and feeling Mickey's fingers stroke my clit aroused me
  more than I had ever been in my life. Both victims yelled with each wallop
  and were sobbing at the finish. Lady Patricia cuddled each in turn and they
  thanked her and ceremonially kissed her tits. We all gave the pair a cuddle
  too before cream was applied to their tender flesh. &quot;Whatever they did
  wrong is now forgiven and forgotten,&quot; Mickey told me. 
  I was feeling very horny from hugging the two and from Mickey's earlier ministrations
  so didn't object when he pushed my shorts and knickers down and inserted his
  prick into my waiting cunt. Somehow my mind shut out the fact that I was being
  watched. &quot;Nice and tight and very juicy,&quot; Mickey laughed as he kissed
  me and fucked. His prick seemed to attack the inside of my vagina from all
  angles and soon I experienced the most massive climax of my life. Still he
  pumped away and I came a second time before her spurted in me. It was only
  when I cried out with pleasure that I noticed Nigel and Martin standing alongside
  watching and waiting for Mickey to finish. For a few moments Mickey's body
  covered my blushes but then he withdrew and licked my cunt clean before offering
  his prick to my mouth. His tongue had kept me aroused and I sensed I had to
  suck it, which I did. At the same time I felt Nigel enter my well-lubricated
  hole and start fucking me. By that time I was past caring that I was having
  sex in front of others and responded with abandon to his thrusts. Across from
  me I could see other couples copulating and Doreen and Sally sixty-nining.
  Before going to bed that night, I'd had four different cocks in me and tasted
  three of the girls, two of whose cunts had sperm in them. &quot;Had I become
  a slut in a very short space of time?&quot; I wondered. Through my erotic haze
  I thought, &quot;If this is love, count me in.&quot; My cunt was tender but
  I was happy when Mickey led me to the bedroom. It certainly promised to be
  a very different holiday to what I planned. 
  The bedroom was in the observation room at the top of the tower. Windows all
  round. No curtains but only helicopter pilots would be able to see in because
  the surrounding land was very flat and the nearest building half a mile away.
  Inside were four king-size divan beds. &quot;Four beds for thirteen people?&quot; I
  queried.  
&quot;Two couples get to sleep in their own bed,&quot; Mickey replied, &quot;And
four have to share. It's my turn to share tonight. Lady Patricia has her own
room on the floor below and usually takes one of the boys or girls in with her.&quot; I
was given a locker to put my stuff in and then went to the ablutions room for
a clean up. Almost all the others were there and no one seemed to worry about
seeing each other naked and performing natural body functions, and showering.
Mickey pulled me into a shower and we lovingly washed each other.  
  Doreen partnered us in bed as Jack, who would have been with her, was with
  Lady Patricia. She gave Mickey a cuddle and felt his cock, which made me a
  bit jealous. She saw this and gave me a hug. &quot;Don't be jealous Bren, I've
  known him far longer than you and had his cock in me many times. On this commune
  we all share. Even those with semi-permanent relationships give their partners
  to others. That's what free loving is all about. Everyone loves everyone else.
  I guess you're a bit sore and you've been fucked four times in a row so under
  our rules you can refuse him and anyone else until morning if you wish.&quot; I
  was still uncertain but when Mickey touched my slit I realised how sore I was
  and said nothing when he fucked Doreen. She cuddled and kissed me afterwards
  which I found most enjoyable and I responded by sucking her tits. &quot;You
  could have asked him to do it in your bum, you know Bren, but I don't know
  if you're ready for that yet.&quot; 
&quot;Now you tell me,&quot; I laughed, &quot;You've exhausted him.&quot; Again
I wondered how I could have become so much of a whore is so short a time. Maybe
I was all along and didn't know it. 
  In the next bed, I could see David and Sally shagging despite their sore arses.
  Next morning Sally told me when I asked, &quot;Yes the paddle hurts like hell
  when she hits us but it fades off a bit after a few hours and leaves us horny.
  We'll still feel it when we sit for a few days though. It's better than a long
  drawn out series of extra chores or verbal abuse. It's quick and when it's
  over no more is said about it.&quot; 
  Sometime in the night Doreen moved out and Nigel and Erica moved in. I pretended
  to be asleep and they only snogged for a bit until they fell asleep. I woke
  early unused to the bed and sleeping with others and because of the dawn light
  coming in through the huge windows. I remember standing and admiring the beauty
  of the red sun rising over the mist-covered farmland. I needed to pee and managed
  to get to the loo but on the way back Martin grabbed me and pulled me in alongside
  Lesley and waking her and John and Karen. &quot;How are ya'll enjoying our
  lifestyle?&quot; Lesley whispered.  
&quot;So far I've nothing against it but it's all so very new. One night might
be okay but I'm not sure how I'll feel if I stayed for a while.&quot; 
  I felt Martin's hard prick against my thighs as he opened my legs and I gave
  a little wince as it pushed its way inside. &quot;Sorry Bren,&quot; he murmured, &quot;I'll
  take it easy.&quot; He did and after the initial pain went I enjoyed it. Lesley
  didn't seem to mind and when she'd cleaned his cock, she asked to be allowed
  to clean me. As soon as her head was buried in my snatch, Martin swung her
  round so her shaved cunt was at my lips and I felt obliged to service her.
  It was my first real lesbian experience. 
  A bell rang loudly and I thought it was the rising bell but Erica said, &quot;That's
  for the breakfast workers. We get another half hour in bed but as most are
  now awake that's a half hour of loving.&quot; I was surprised when she turned
  and knelt with her bum in the air and pulled her cheeks apart. Nigel tongued
  her arsehole and then pushed his prick in. Erica groaned a bit but then seemed
  to relax. 
&quot;Doesn't that hurt?&quot; I asked. 
&quot;A little at first but it feels great now. I started my period and while
there is no taboo on fucking a menses cunt, it tends to make a mess on the sheets
so we avoid doing it in bed in deference to those on laundry duty. A girl's body
has to be available whether or not she is bleeding.&quot; I hadn't considered
that and my period was due in about a week.   
With nine of us trying to
    use the ablutions after the second bell went, there was a great deal of good
    humoured banter and pushing to claim a sink or a loo. All the 'good mornings'
    were accompanied by a naked body hug and a real kiss. I decided to conform
    to the dress code left off my bra and knickers. Karen said she had a spare
    pair of braces, which caused some merriment from the others and I soon found
    out why. They were fluorescent orange and caused the usual remarks about
    my supplying sunglasses but it was all in good humour. 
  Lady Patricia spoke to me at breakfast so all could hear. &quot;Your dress
  Brenda, would suggest that you have decided to join us.&quot; 
&quot;Yes, ma'am, if you'll have me.&quot; 
&quot;You should realise by now this isn't just a commune for sluts who want
sex and more sex. We are a loving community and that means much more than just
fucking. You have to give love as well as receive it. If you can make someone
happy by allowing a girl to make love to your boyfriend or by giving your body
to someone you are not keen on, then that is the essence of our love relationship.
You may have begun to get some feeling for that last night. Is that so.&quot; I
nodded. &quot;Once you finally decide to become one of us for however limited
a period, you will be subject to the work schedules and disciplines we feel are
necessary to keep our community solvent and running smoothly. You saw how we
discipline wayward members last night. That doesn't occur too often but if necessary
you will be dealt with in that way. Now I am going to ask you to assist Karen
with laundry duty but if in the next hour or so you decide to leave, one of us
will drive you to Houghton where you can get a bus to Grantham and back on to
the A1.&quot;  
&quot;I'd like to stay for a few days at least ma'am, maybe until the end of
my holiday, then I must return to go to college.&quot;  
  Gradually over the next few days I got more and more into the loving way of
  life. Not all the work was pleasant, some jobs like digging out the chicken
  shit from the hen house were unpleasant but these were balanced against flower
  arranging and a trip to Grantham to get supplies. Most of the money came from
  a packaging job for a local firm that Mickey then delivered. One day a week
  I was 'off duty' all day and went with him so I could send a postcard home
  from the delivery town to set my parents minds at rest. In the evenings I became
  quite adept at grabbing whichever boy I fancied and having him shag me. Mainly
  though I preferred Mickey and began to think of him as being my boyfriend but
  he wasn't always available so anyone performed. Usually I managed to get at
  least three good fucks in an evening. I soon found out why the boys could pleasure
  us so well. Lady Patricia tutored them, sometimes with her own body but often
  on one of the girls and in front of everyone.  
  I think it was my third evening there and Jack, one of the newer boys, was
  poking me quite nicely but it was nothing special by the standard of the others.
  When her ladyship came by she smacked his bum with her bare hand and proceeded
  to tutor him in ways of varying his angle and depth of thrust. I only partly
  took in what she was saying until she started instructing me on how to respond
  to him. After that I had a whale of a fuck. As they say, it takes two to tango. 
  My period came at the start of my second week and I wondered what it would
  be like to have my arse fucked. I had now seen Erica and Lesley take it that
  way and also Nigel and Martin would do it to each other. At first I was a little
  disgusted at seeing boys buggering each other but then I thought it wasn't
  much different to what I had done with other girls. Afterwards I was more concerned
  with the fact the boy's hard-ons were not being used to pleasure us girls but
  that was a selfish thought and not in keeping with the commune ideals. 
  Mickey saw the Tampon and asked, &quot;Do you want to do it on a towel or try
  it in your bum hole?&quot; I was unsure but he said he'd love to be the first
  to bum hole me so I let him after he promised to go gently and to use some
  lubrication. Perhaps Mickey wasn't the wisest choice for my first time as he
  had the biggest cock by a small margin but I loved and trusted him. He was
  as good as his word. Watched by most of the others, he put Vaseline in my hole
  and on his cock and then gradually worked it in. I cried out at first but Martin
  held my shoulders so I couldn't go far but once it had got past my sphincter
  muscles it became easier and towards the end I began to enjoy it. Martin took
  a turn and then Nigel and I was able to climax with both of them. Perhaps their
  homosexual activity helped. 
  The day came of course when the rebellious nature that had made me defy my
  family and go on holiday alone, came to the fore. In my third week at the commune
  I rebelled against a particularly irksome job. We had two large chicken houses
  and I had cleaned one on the Tuesday and Lesley was scheduled to do the other
  the following day. Unfortunately she slipped on the stairs and badly sprained
  her wrist and the hospital bandaged it and put her arm in a sling. Unluckily
  for me this coincided with the boys taking advantage of the fine weather to
  do some essential if slightly dangerous repairs to the control tower. Sally
  and Erica were helping too and Karen and Doreen were already cooking so Lady
  Patricia apologised and asked me to do the second chicken shed. I actually
  liked looking after the hens, feeding them, collecting the eggs and seeing
  they were securely shut in at night so the foxes didn't get them. Cleaning
  out the sheds was another matter especially in the heat wave. With fifteen
  birds to a shed, in a week they made a lot of mess and Tuesdays and Wednesdays
  they were cleaned by rota by one of six people. It was bad enough to do it
  once especially as the heat made the stench almost unbearable and you needed
  a long hot shower afterwards to get rid of the smell, but I was infuriated
  to have to do it two days running. Something inside of me flipped. &quot;Do
  it your bloody self,&quot; I shouted at Lady Patricia and threw the broom and
  hoe in her direction and ran off.  
  There was really nowhere to run or hide in the flat farmland and those working
  on the control tower roof could easily follow my progress to a clump of willows.
  I sat down in the shade and sobbed. Ten minutes later Mickey strolled up and
  cradled me in his arms. We must have sat like almost without speaking for the
  best part of an hour. Gradually his cuddling and kissing reduced my sobs and
  I began to enjoy the peace of the countryside and the trill of the lark above
  our heads. &quot;Sorry Mickey. I shouldn't have done that.&quot; 
&quot;I know Bren. You're not the first to flip like that. Lady Patricia knows
it too but I expect you'll feel the paddle tonight though. She'll want to keep
up her appearance as the strict but fair headmistress of the commune. It's nearly
lunchtime now, let's try and get into her good books again by missing lunch and
cleaning out the shit. I'll help. Perhaps she will reduce the number of swats
she gives you.&quot; 
&quot;Does she ever give more than six?&quot; That was the number I'd always
seen given. 
&quot;One boy had twenty for taking a swipe at her but several boys and girls
have had a dozen.&quot; Mickey must have read my thoughts, &quot;Don't think
of running away. You'd easily be caught and given more and then you might be
expelled. I'd hate to see you go.&quot; I shed more tears and her kissed and
fondled me affectionately but we never fucked. It didn't seem appropriate in
the idyllic surroundings. I began to realise how much I loved him and said so. &quot;I
love you too,&quot; he said and kissed me passionately. In the distance we heard
the bell for lunch. &quot;We'd better go to the shithouse,&quot; Mickey laughed. 
  With two of us, the work didn't take long and we had just about finished barrowing
  the smelly wood chips to the compost heap when Karen brought out two mugs of
  tea. &quot;I've made a couple of sandwiches as well but I guessed you'd want
  to clean up first.&quot; I was grateful that she had thought of us and she
  didn't mention my insubordinate behaviour. 
  My thoughts were on my impeding punishment during dinner. Nothing had been
  said and I was treated in the usual way but I knew with certainty I would be
  bending over the table shortly. I wondered if I could slip away but remembered
  I was on washing-up duty with David. In low tones he advised me, &quot;Try
  and relax your arse muscles. It'll hurt more if they are tense.&quot; I knew
  then everyone expected me to get the paddle and this was confirmed when I saw
  them sitting around the table.  
&quot;Remove your shorts please Brenda.&quot; Lady Patricia spoke quietly and
then more loudly to the others. &quot;Most of you saw Brenda's outburst and the
way she absconded for the whole of the morning. That in itself would warrant
punishment but it also meant that Mickey had to take the morning off to persuade
her to return. In her favour she did, with Mickey's assistance, do the job in
what should have been her free time. I know cleaning the hen house is a particularly
nasty task and I wouldn't have asked her to do it twice had circumstances prevented
it but not only did she refuse, she did so in the most offensive way. I propose
to give her eight on each cheek.&quot; I heard some of the others gasp. 
&quot;Oh no!&quot; I cried out, &quot;Not that many please.&quot; 
&quot;Mickey will you hold her please?&quot; 
&quot;Ma'am,&quot; Mickey spoke, &quot;It was my choice to go after Bren and
I could have just dragged her back but stayed and comforted her...&quot; 
&quot;Shagged her,&quot; Nigel laughed. 
&quot;No, comforted her. She was very upset and in keeping with the principals
of this commune of loving and caring for each other, I did what I could. I brought
her here and she is special to me. Ma'am I ask to receive half her punishment
please.&quot; 
&quot;No Mickey...it was not your fault...&quot;  
  Her ladyship stopped me. &quot;That is more than generous of you Mickey. I
  will of course agree.&quot; 
  Mickey dropped his shorts and threw his arms around me, &quot;Be brave. It'll
  be over quickly and then all is forgiven.&quot; I wanted to tell him not to
  take my punishment but couldn't get the words out. Shaking and crying I lay
  over the table and gripped Mickey's arms like I'd seen the others do. &quot;Yell
  as much as you like but don't curse,&quot; he hissed. The first stroke hit
  my right cheek and yes, I did yell. Never had I felt pain like it. My parents
  only scolded me or kept me home. Mickey struggled to hold me down and shouted, &quot;Relax
  Bren.&quot; Dave's words came back to me. At the time, I believed I was being
  hit unduly hard to make up for only have half the number of hits but managed
  to heed Mickey and did not scream insults. I heard the sound of hard rubber
  on flesh and felt Mickey jerk and grunt. Shortly after my left cheek received
  its first whack and I renewed my screams. How could loving people hurt others
  so badly? How could this be love? I sobbed and prayed and pleaded but the punishment
  went on. At each stroke I screamed until I was hoarse but it was over quickly
  and finally I was allowed up.  
  Ma'am kissed me, &quot;It's over now little one, the slate is wiped clean,&quot; she
  told me. Everyone kissed and hugged me and soon I was having cream put on my
  sore nates. 
  Later that evening as Mickey and I lay in a bed on our own, our arses still
  red and sore, I asked if he really meant it when he said he loved me. When
  he confirmed that he did, I asked, &quot;What will happen when in three weeks
  I go back to school?&quot; 
&quot;Maybe I'll head north for the winter. Find a job near your home. It won't
be like this though unless I can find a place where we can live together.&quot; 
&quot;My parents would never allow it. They'd go bananas if they find out about
this place.&quot; 
&quot;Maybe we can come back for Easter.&quot; We threw various impractical ideas
around but could only decide to live the next few weeks as fully as we could
with each other. I slept with him almost every night and only reluctantly allowed
one of the other girls a turn when they insisted. We hugged, kissed, sucked and
shagged with the exuberance of young lovers but as the days went by I became
more and more worried about leaving. I even considered not going to college and
staying with the commune but knew my parents would try and find me and there
would be a scandal that could close the commune down.  
  Two days before I had to leave I saw Mickey arguing with Lady Patricia but
  couldn't hear what was said. He had his own car, and last weekend, true to
  his word he drove me all the way home and tried to find himself a job but unemployment
  is very high in this area so he had to return to the commune. We promised to
  keep in touch and I was able to phone him last night. I spent a tearful few
  days, which caused mother a great deal of concern. I couldn't tell them how
  I spent my holiday but I know she guessed a boy was involved. 
  I thought of trying to tell my folks I was touring England but realised they
  knew more of the country than I so would quickly find me out. In the end I
  just said that I stayed at a farm camp but wouldn't give them details. I believe
  they think it was a nudist camp especially as mother caught me with my bra
  off and saw my tits were tanned all over. My relationship with them is pretty
  cool at the moment and I don't know how they will take to my having a southerner
  boyfriend. 
  Now though for a few days more, I have to get used to sleeping alone in my
  own bed in my own room but every night I have been plagued by these dreams
  and wake up with my cunt flowing with moisture. Using my fingers helps but
  it is not the same as being naked alongside a randy man and with another randy
  couple alongside. The dreams always involved horses, black ones, so I borrowed
  a book on dream interpretation from the library and kept it on the nightstand. 
  I frequently cried in my depression but yesterday I came to a decision. I would
  go to college in Grantham. That was close enough for me to stay in the commune
  or at least I could visit weekends. I knew others had jobs they did outside
  of the community and contributed funds and I hoped I could have a similar arrangement
  although I didn't know how I would earn the money. Father was adamant in his
  refusal to allow to go but mother finally persuaded him that it was better
  for me to go somewhere I wanted and be happy than to mope about here and cry
  all day long. &quot;She's in love father, like we were at her age. I hope she'll
  tell us more about the boy one day and what she actually did on this holiday
  but for now, let her go and give her the option to return.&quot; Eventually
  and reluctantly he agreed. I kissed and hugged them both which surprised them
  as we were never into showing physical affection. 
  Slowly I put the Dictionary of Dreams back and commented to myself, &quot;Perhaps
  chickens should be considered as symbols of passion too.&quot;   
 
  Finis   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





