BDSM Library - Lisa's Painful Lesson




Lisa's Painful Lesson
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Lisa should not have tried to throw her weight around at the office.LISA'S PAINFULL LESSON!  
By  
ANNE GRAY  
She was a very lovely blonde and had everything going for her. She was in
  her early twenties with a full time job at the same company I worked for and
  all the staff hated her!  
It was really very simple in that she was related to the owner and made sure
  everybody knew it. She was supposed to be "learning the ropes" before being
  promoted to management. But anytime there was a job to do that was in anyway
  difficult she dropped not so gentle hints that someone else should do it, and
  they usually did. I refused one day and she nearly got me in serious trouble.  
I don't know about the rest of the staff but sometimes I dreamt of ways and
  means to bring her down a peg or two. Then something strange happened.  
She went on vacation to England and on the first day she came back to the
  office it was raining. As she came through the door I couldn't help but stare.
  She was wearing a full-length raincoat and it was gorgeous. Being in the know
  I recognized a Sealwear product and envied her.  
Made from fairly heavy semi transparent PVC it was a very light orangey-red
  colour. She had it completely fastened down the front and the belt pulled very
  tightly around her narrow waist. The attached hood was up covering her hair
  and framing her face before being fastened with a drawstring and throat tab.  
Watching her as she walked towards the staff room I picked up my empty coffee
  mug and followed closely behind. I fiddled around with the coffee machine as
  I watched out of the corner of my eye while she took off the coat, selected
  a padded hanger and settled it on the rack. I saw her hand as she turned away
  do what can only be described as caress the material as if reluctant to leave
  it.  
She told one of the girls it had been at the seaside resort of Bournemouth
  when the weather turned nasty and she needed to get a coat. Friends had recommended
  the well known Sealwear company and that's where she went.  
Over the next few weeks if the forecast even threatened rain she wore the
  coat. If it wasn't yet raining she would arrive with it folded over her arm.
  One day I tried something to check my thinking.  
I was one of the lucky ones whose desk was near a window and around mid-afternoon
  it started to sprinkle rain. I made a point of going over to one of the girls
  near her and mentioned that it had started to rain. I watched as she heard
  me and she started smiling to herself and looked towards the staff room.  
I had her. That coat was almost like an obsession with her; she had a vinyl
  fetish although I doubt she knew it. But I know how to recognize a fetish;
  God knows I had enough of my own. Mine though included latex, leather and bondage
  besides vinyl. My dreams that night were around revenge and I started planning
  her comeuppance.  
It was several weeks later that everything fell in place. It was raining
  and she didn't come in until lunchtime because she was working late and alone
  that evening. She had to take her turn even though she had tried hard to get
  out of it.  
She had just locked the office and was walking towards the bus stop when
  I pulled up beside her, called her by name and offered a ride. I think she
  was enjoying the walk in the rain with the coat on but then decided my car
  would be better than the bus. As she climbed in the coat rustled deliciously
  and I was sorry when she loosened the hood and folded it back before she did
  up the seatbelt.  
   
I told her I was in the area to drop off a package but since her home was
  in the same direction it was no trouble to give her a ride. She looked down
  her nose at me as if to say I should be honoured with her accepting and then
  just stared out of the windshield.  
I pulled in the parking area of a closed shopping mall and told her I'd only
  be a minute. Getting out and going around I opened the back passenger door
  and reached for the sealed snap lock bag I had stashed on the seat. Pulling
  it open I took out the mask.  
It had come from a hospital supply house and was usually used for giving
  oxygen or humid misting to patients. On this one I had taped over the feed
  tube entrance and lined the inside with toweling that was then soaked with
  chloroform before sealing it in the bag.  
I had all the advantages as I reached my left arm around and forced her head
  back against the rest while my right hand clamped the mask over her nose and
  mouth. Hampered by the seat belt she put up a struggle but after about thirty
  seconds I lifted the mask away and, as she took in a huge breath, clamped it
  back down.  
Within moments her body started to relax and then it went limp. I kept the
  mask in place for another minute then slipped it back in the bag and moved
  to open the door beside her. Releasing the seat belt I pushed her forwards
  and locked a pair of cuffs on her wrists behind her back. A nice large ball
  gag needed a bit of force to get in her mouth and then straps locked at the
  back of her head.  
I didn't expect her to wake up anytime soon so this was just insurance. I
  pushed and pulled at her limp form until she slid off the seat and was bunched
  on the floor and hidden below the dashboard.  
Fifteen minutes later I had pulled the car in to my garage and ten minutes
  after that, with the help of the wheeled steno chair from my home office, she
  was on the couch in the living room; still fast asleep. Getting a good length
  of soft white cord I removed the handcuffs, crossed her wrists and bound them
  securely before pulling them partway up her back and using more of the cord
  around each arm above the elbow and knotting it off.  
Another length of cord went around her ankles, under the instep of her high
  heeled pumps and back to the leg of the couch. I taped over the ball gag until
  her face was covered from just under her nose to her chin. I straightened the
  coat that was still neatly buttoned and belted and let her body lean over until
  she was resting with her head on the padded arm. Then I went to change.  
I selected a two-piece black latex body suit, picked up a pair of matching
  gloves, made myself a congratulatory drink and returned to my victim who was
  making signs of recovering her senses.  
First the eyes opened and gradually focused as they looked around the room.
  Then, with a moan she struggled to sit up. I moved over beside her and pulled
  her in a sitting position. She gradually realized that not only were her arms
  not available to help they were completely useless, then she became aware of
  the gag packing her mouth and looked at me with as loud a moan as she could
  make.  
She obviously recognized me and her eyes questioned what I had done to her.
  Then she started to struggle against the ropes and try to scream at me around
  the gag; neither action did her any good and gradually she subsided and just
  stared at me. I guess my outfit was a bit strange to an amateur.  
Now we have that out of the way Lisa, I said, let me explain what's going
  on. First, I am in charge, you don't have any say what so ever in what happens
  to you from now on. Nobody knows you're here, nobody saw you getting in my
  car and the security cameras on the outside of our building were pointing at
  the front door. I know because I aimed them that way. All they will show is
  you leaving, locking the door and then, nothing!  
Now we are going to explore your little fetish. I know what mine are I said
  as I put my arm around her shoulders stroking the taunt PVC as I had wanted
  to do for weeks. I had not yet put on my gloves. Twisting her by the shoulders
  until she was facing me I reached behind her head and drew the hood up and,
  once it framed her face, pulled the drawstring tight.  
With my left arm around her again I used that hand to cup her chin as I pulled
  her close to me and let my right hand rove at will. She tried to pull away
  from my touch but had no leverage against my hold. Her beautiful breasts were
  straining against the plastic and I kneaded each one in turn while she struggled
  uselessly.  
I had dreamt of this for so long I took my time and cuddled her body to mine
  enjoying the scent of the fabric she wore. After a few minutes, with my left
  hand still cupping her chin, I pulled her hooded head up, looked into her eyes
  and said why don't we see what's under the coat you love so much.  
She started a new struggle that also failed and I used my free right hand
  to slowly pull at the knot of her belt until it fell away and then one fastener
  at a time undid the coat. Underneath she was wearing an A line knee length
  skirt with a bright red tailored blouse. Holding her easily I started on the
  buttons of the blouse then reached around her back and pulled down the zipper
  of the skirt.  
Folding the blouse to each side revealed her magnificent breasts cupped in
  an under wire bra. I reached around her again and unclipped the hooks. Pushing
  her away from me she watched as I took my time working the tight latex gloves
  on my hands and tucking them under the wristbands of my sleeves.  
That done I reached for her again and held her with my left arm as I used
  the right to again explore her, this time naked, breasts. The feeling is hard
  to describe as my latex covered hand cupped, squeezed and caressed those lovely
  orbs. I couldn't resist and held her head up as mine went down to gently tongue
  a nipple.  
And they reacted whether she wanted them to or not. They stiffened and as
  I continued her moans became almost continuous. Despite herself she was becoming
  aroused and when I judged the moment right I slid my hand down her stomach,
  under the waistbands of her skirt and panties and found her mound with my rubber
  covered fingers.  
She tried to clench her legs together but first one then two of my fingers,
  covered in the smooth latex, slid down and then without any foreplay I slid
  them inside!  
Now that got a reaction! She arched her body right up off the couch and I
  was able to ease her fall as she landed on her stomach on the floor with her
  ankles still tied to the couch leg. Luckily I had left some slack and no damage
  was done.  
I knelt across her, peeled back the hood of the coat and, grabbing a handful
  of hair, twisted her head around until she was looking up at me. Now you are
  down here, I told her, we'll move to the next step; enjoy!  
I rolled back the carpet in the middle of the room to reveal several threaded
  sockets embedded in the hardwood flooring. I selected three of them and screwed
  in heavy ringbolts. Grabbing the cord between her elbows I slid her across
  the floor and in position between the bolts. It was a simple matter to untie
  the cords around her elbows and wrists then stick a knee on one arm while I
  tied first one then the other to the bolts well out from her sides.  
I attached her ankles to the third ring. Kneeling again across her back I
  released one arm at a time and stripped off the coat, blouse and bra. With
  her ankles still tied together I pulled the skirt off and her panties and hose
  down to below her knees. Wrapping cord around her knees I then untied her ankles
  and got rid of the rest of her clothes before tying them back to the bolt.  
Now I had Lisa naked and helpless so I knelt beside her and returned to exploring
  her body with my latex covered hands. This time, since she was on her stomach,
  I slid my hand down between her ass cheeks and fingered her puckered rosebud.
  She thrashed around as much as her bonds would allow and I put a cushion under
  her head to stop her from hurting herself.  
To groans and squeals from the bound girl I pushed first one then two fingers
  in her ass while the thumb worked itself into her cunt. Reaching under her
  with my other hand I grabbed a handful of tit and squeezed both hands&ndash; hard.  
It was fun but after a few more minutes I decided to move on with my next
  planned move. Reversing the stripping process I soon had her dressed in a light,
  transparent, PVC two-piece rain suit. The jacket would be a bit tight when
  I fastened the front, it had a hood and elastic wrist cuffs. The pants were
  also elasticized at the ankle with a drawstring waist. I installed another
  ring bolt and spread her legs a couple of feet apart then reached for the boards
  I had ready. Each one was about two feet long and three inches wide. At the
  end they had a one inch hole drilled through them.  
Releasing her left leg I slid a plastic bag over it, tucked it in the ankle
  band of the pants and then held one board underneath the foot so about six
  inches was sticking out past her toes holding it in place with a couple of
  turns of tape around her ankle. Putting pressure on her heel I pressed down
  until the top of her foot was almost flat against the wood and wrapped more
  tape around it. Repeating the process with her other foot I had her feet trapped
  against the boards in a ballet en point mode.  
One at a time I bent her legs up at the knee and pushed down until the calves
  met her thighs slightly to the outside of the leg and used straps to hold them
  in place while I covered them in two or three layers of silvery duct tape.
  I installed a spreader bar between her knees forcing them well apart and locking
  them there.  
I told Lisa I was going to put some thin latex gloves on her hands and either
  she would co-operate or I would use the chloroform mask on her again. As I
  released her right arm and fitted the glove there was no opposition, I tucked
  the glove under the wristband of the jacket. Once it was in place I folded
  her thumb across her palm and taped the fingers in a point, and continued a
  tight covering of the tape up to her armpit, tied the wrist back down and did
  the other hand and arm.  
It was an easy matter to flip her over and reattach her wrists to the floor
  bolts. I retrieved some of the cord I had used earlier, put a slip knot in
  one end and settled it around the base of her right breast. One quick yank
  tightened it and I then wrapped the cord around her other tit as I grabbed
  a handful of flesh and pulled up. A few more turns and she had a very, very
  tight figure eight rope bra.  
I closed the front of the jacket over her slowly darkening breasts, flipped
  her over again and bent one arm up behind her back then wound tape around it
  until it was locked in a vicious hammerlock. The other arm followed suit and
  then I ran a strap around her elbows, pulled on it until they were touching
  and used another roll of duct tape to fashion an arm binder for them in the
  reverse prayer position.  
Ignoring her groans I dragged her over to the archway between the living
  and dining room. Using a step stool I first removed the hanging planter revealing
  a heavy hook that I had installed.  
It could take a great deal of weight. I hooked a pulley to it and fed a strong
  rope through the wheel and down to the spreader bar between her knees. Using
  a cleat on the side of the arch I gradually lifted her until her head was level
  with my waist and tied off the rope. Getting a few more rolls of tape I started
  to encase her upper torso from neck to stomach, except for those captured breasts
  straining against the plastic. I was being kind to her by dressing her in the
  rain suit before wrapping her in tape but I doubt she was thanking me.  
When I got to her waist I stopped and went for a pair of scissors to open
  the crotch of the PCV pants. I wheeled a fairly small table under her. It was
  only four feet long and two feet wide but I could raise it up or down and the
  surface tilted to what ever angle needed. I lowered her partially taped form
  down until it rested on the table; the holes in the ends of the foot-boards
  slipped over pegs on either side of her waist and I rolled her back into the
  living room.  
I needed a break; I stood beside her and stroked her hair out of her face.
  Before we go any further would you like a drink Lisa? She nodded as I wiped
  the tears from her eyes and I peeled the tape from over the ball gag. I expect
  she thought that the gag would come out but it had a plug through the middle
  that I unscrewed and fitted it with a funnel.  
Lifting her head I slowly poured in the contents of a water bottle; waited
  until she swallowed it and then replaced the plug and let her head fall back
  on the table. Her eyes were pleading with me but I was relentless in my task.  
Her doubled over and spread legs raised her butt and made both her lower
  orifices readily available to me. I lubed up a butt plug holding it in front
  of her face so she could see what she was about to experience.  
I wish the girls at the office could see this Lisa, they would make a good
  cheering section but we will just have to keep it between us. I scooped some
  more of the lubricant on my fingers and, parting the plastic I had cut over
  her crotch, I worked it inside her asshole.  
There was no way she could resist except to clench her muscles as I eased
  in the first inch or so of the plug. Twisting and pushing at the same time
  another inch disappeared. Holding the plug with my right hand I pinched one
  of her nipples through the tight plastic with the fingers of my left hand,
  squeezed and then suddenly twisted it. She moaned with pain and while I had
  her distracted I rammed the plug home until the base was tight against her
  skin and covered the now stretched opening.  
With another roll of tape I started encasing her upper thighs and the rest
  of her stomach. Winding the tape tightly between her legs I made sure the base
  of the plug was securely covered and that the tape just missed the lips of
  her vagina. When I was finished her cunt lips were spread wide and, except
  for her breasts and head, she was covered in two or three layers of the silvery
  tape.  
I took my time smoothing out any bubbles and creases before starting to work
  on her head. Now Lisa, you are absolutely helpless, almost completely covered
  in plastic and tape but we are not finished yet I said as I held up the clear
  plastic bag.  
I think she guessed where it was going because her eyes, all ready filled
  with tears now showed fear or even terror. I smiled down at her and told her
  she should have been nicer to her colleagues while I wiped away the drool bubbling
  around the ball gag and again sealed her mouth with several pieces of tape.  
The bag was a tight fit but I gradually worked it down over her head despite
  her futile attempts to shake me off. As soon as I covered her nose I moved
  faster and used a ready piece of tape to seal the bottom of the bag around
  her neck.  
There was hardly enough air in the bag for one breath before it was sucked
  tight against her face. Waiting just a few moments that must have felt like
  hours to Lisa, I used the points of the scissors to open a hole under each
  nostril.  
I had two hard rubber silver coloured tubes that I pushed in her nostrils.
  They extended about two inches out of her nose and I went to work with the
  tape again.  
I used the first piece to frame her face so that the bag could not move and
  possibly displace the life giving tubes then started encasing the rest of her
  head leaving only her eyes staring at me through the clear plastic.  
I removed the spreader bar and stood between her legs that were still held
  wide apart by the pegged footboards. There was a wide strap attached to the
  table and I cinched it tightly across her waist and tilted the table to raise
  her head and lower her crotch until it was level with mine.  
Moving closer I reached around her neck and pulled the tight hood of the
  rain suit up over her taped head, tightened the draw string so the plastic
  framed her face then covered it with yet another layer of tape. Now only her
  eyes and cunt were free of tape.  
I peeled off another strip of the tape and stuck it ready to hand on the
  edge of the table.  
Now then Lisa, there is one last thing to complete our first night. Tomorrow
  is Friday and I will go in the office at the usual time and be very surprised
  when you don't appear. I will know that you are right here very securely wrapped
  and waiting for our first weekend together but to every one else you will have
  dropped off the face of the earth. You should never have bought that coat,
  should you?  
That said let's complete our session shall we? I peeled down the pants of
  the latex body suit I was wearing releasing from its confinement my raging
  hard-on. It had been very patient but now I positioned it at the entrance to
  her warm nest and rammed it home.  
Two or three pumps and, while it was buried to the hilt, I used the last
  piece of tape across her eyes to close the package. Then, as the only man in
  our office, I proceeded to screw the hell out of my management trainee and
  new bondage pet!  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Anne Gray


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





