BDSM Library - A "Dream" of Passion




A "Dream" of Passion
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The heroine translates a life-long dream of passion into reality.A "Dream" of Passion   
Last night, I dreamed of a black horse. Upon waking, I looked
        in the dictionary of dreams I keep in my bedside table, to see if there
        is any significance to this particular night time vision. It seems a
        dream of a black horse is a dream of passion. Considering all that has
        happened in the past weeks, I am not surprised.   
But, the dream beast's eyes glowed crimson.  
And to call twenty years "past weeks" &hellip;hardly! From when I
    first began to realize who and what I was, dreams of passion in the forms
    of black horses, trains going through tunnels, soaring through the air, pumping
    pistons &ndash; whatever, engulfed my spirit and burned deep within my girly-girl
    soul. Those dreams brought me to where I am today: Okay maybe a slut, but
    a beautiful slut nonetheless. 
Men became fascinating creatures, but easy ones to use. In high school
    guys seemed to trip all over themselves as this Ugly Duckling fast became
    a hottie with big tits, honey blonde hair, sky blue eyes, killer legs and
    wasp waist. They were like kids in a candy store, and the jocks did not hesitate
    to fall all over themselves and choose me as their homecoming queen. Making
    the cheerleading squad proved a cinch, too, once the male supervisor was
    impressed. Even teachers cast the occasional wink my way, and getting good
    grades was never much of a problem. Grown men eagerly gave me jobs. Older
    ones lavished expensive gifts, limo rides, fine dining, and so forth. I hardly
    had to do anything except let Nature takes it's course, and lucky me that
    course all worked in my favor. None of them guessed, however, what I really
    felt inside&hellip; 
Baths were usually private times to be relished. Soaping my body,
    I felt every curve. When I had to, I used a razor in the bath to shave my
    legs and pits. Water and suds dripped off of each lovely limb as I raised
    it from the water and applied the blade. Vanilla scent from lit candles placed
    around the tub wafted over. Closing my eyes my hand would cup a tit and gently
    squeeze. It's fullness excited. Fingers still fondling the warm and soapy
    mass, my eyes opened. Dropping my chin toward the breast my full lips parted.
    I sucked on the nipple harder and harder and then bit. My hips shifted under
    the bath water. One thigh crossed over the other. Breathing got faster as
    I sucked. Senses swirled and flooded my brain. The entire bathroom steamed
    with differing hues. My eyes crunched shut again and I released the tit.
    Arching my back I cried out. And then shuddered as I slowly sunk back into
    the soapy water. Fingers carefully sought my pussy. The nails clawed and
    pulled the hairs. One finger entered me. Another thumbed my clit. From somewhere &ndash; I
    cared not from where &ndash; my voice cried out again, and again I slumped
    beneath the water, chest heaving.. 
He was the first one to come close to what I really felt inside. Tall
    with brown hair, a sweet smile and stunning hazel eyes, we both met on the
    job. Soon it was clear to both of us that we were attracted. I took him back
    to my apartment on the third day. Like all of the rest, he marveled at my
    exposed tits. His tongue licked each nipple and that was fine, until I told
    him to bite. Hard! Harder!!! 
That first time we fucked he was too afraid of hurting me. Gradually
    though, he got into the biting part. The more my nipples hurt, the more I
    got excited. I dug my nails into his back. Parallel lines made by my fingernails
    cross-hatched his back. We used oils, tore apart clothes. I stood still as
    he shaved my pussy bald. He wanted me to spank his ass to urge him on as
    we fucked sort of like spurring a horse and I, of course, thought of that
    black horse in my dreams. 
I did as he wanted and later suggested we do it doggy style. To me
    being down on hands and knees while being fucked made it all the more humiliating,
    and all the more exciting. I snarled, but loved it as he pulled on my hair,
    just like any animal. I later found out that this somewhat reluctant man
    with the nice eyes and sweet smile also had a much darker and delicious side
    about him that he was looking to share. Lucky me&hellip; 
He became my Captain, just like the character out of the "Beauty" books
    I read. I was bent over chairs and tables as we fucked. Once on a short trip
    I was positioned atop a round table, looking out through a bay window high
    above pedestrians, nude and used. In greeting him I kneeled naked, knees
    pointing outward, hands behind my head, eyes closed and called him "Master".
    Though my Master was frequently cruel, he seemed to like this greeting. He
    approved of it and my habit of avoiding any V.P.L., or visible panty line,
    when in public. He said that I was to continue this habit of not wearing
    any panties under my clothes. In cars and under restaurant tables he frequently
    grabbed me between my legs. 
This man made me wet as no other previously had. 
At his place I gasped as he ripped off the white shirt I wore. He
    then tied a blindfold around my eyes. I felt a dog collar placed around my
    neck. A leash was then attached, and jerked downward. I followed the pull
    and ended up again on hands and knees. The carpet underneath was soft as
    we covered some distance. The leash pulled me back to my feet. One arm was
    pulled out, and I felt cloth binding it to the lower portion of the loft.
    The other arm also was tied. I hung suspended, unable to see. Fire shot through
    my tit as the first clamp bit. Another pinched a nipple. Despite the pain,
    I was getting more and more hot. I wanted his caress, his cock, his kiss,
    anything! Instead, another fire erupted in my other tit. And another. And
    more. From my suspended, blindfolded position, my legs squirmed. My tongue
    rolled out and licked my lips. I panted. The feel of the braided leather
    across my chest almost made me pass out with desire. And then I heard it
    swish. Just before my torso shook. My gasp was a combination of shock, pain
    and orgasm. The leather snake struck again, and again. What previously had
    been a burning sensation now achingly throbbed with sweet pleasure. I cried
    out as the last cloth around my hips was ripped away and I felt his fingers
    plunge into me. The fingers twisted inside, and then swirled. A thumb rubbed
    my clit. I felt all hot and wet. Then something really big entered. Stronger
    and more rigid than his cock, it almost hurt. Nearly as soon as it entered,
    whatever it was began to pump. My hips undulated in rhythm. 
When I was released from hanging and the blindfold removed I saw him,
    and the clothespins and the marks. We made passionate love on his bed. With
    excruciating slowness, he pulled the clothespins from my flesh. Before he
    completed the task, I madly kissed him and wrapped my legs around his hips
    desperately wanting to suck in his cock. We rolled across the large bed,
    made love, and giddily drank chilled champagne. His kisses-rough or tender-were
    always cherished. He whispered that his slave had done well. We fucked throughout
    the afternoon and into the early evening. We lay spent and wallowed in our
    own passion. I locked my arms around my Captain and Master. 
I became so used to the collar and rag that was my blindfold that
    I savored the moments. One night I wore a simple lavender chemise as I brushed
    my blond hair and prepared for another fuck session. I saw him in the mirror
    as he entered. Without turning around, I stood as he blinded my eyes with
    the rag. My heart raced as he secured the collar. I then turned to be leashed
    and kneel when I felt him place something warm over my shoulders. I felt
    one of my coats being buttoned, and then feet put into heels. 
We were going out! Cuffs held my wrists behind my back. We went to
    the door and into the chill of the night The backseat upholstery's coolness
    made me shiver, along with my solitude and anticipation of our destination.
    The car started and we moved off. 
Club noises assaulted. It sounded as though hordes of both sexes filled
    the bass-pounding space. Being seen this way in public was shocking! I blindly
    turned for protection into his shoulder, but then felt his strong arms hold
    me away. The blindfold was removed. Strobes crashed the senses. All around
    stood strange-looking people partying amongst themselves and laughing at
    me. I stumbled in my heels. I shivered in fright. I turned to him and saw
    that he held the dog collar. I stood as it was wrapped around my neck. Too
    quickly the leash was attached making any thought of escape now that much
    harder. 
Lights flashed on the metal of a low mesh cage. One of the others
    opened a door at one end of the cage. He lead me by the leash toward it,
    then pulled me down to my knees. All around swarmed strange faces, laughing
    and pointing. My wrists were uncuffed as my head was pushed into the opening.
    The leash was attached to a bar running the top length of the rectangle.
    Someone pushed the rest of me inside the cage. I tried to run around in the
    small space just as the door was closed, locking me inside. I now was a caged
    animal! 
Heart pounding, I scampered on hands and knees to the far end of the
    cage, but there was no opening there. I felt and tug near my hip and looked
    back. A hand-I could not tell if it was male or female-reached in and was
    pulling at my chemise. There was just enough room to reverse my direction
    inside of the cage, but not before I felt the thin material tear. Another
    hand from another side of the cage reached in and grabbed part of my top.
    Reversing direction again, I sweated and cursed as more of the silky material
    was ripped. The cement floor scraped my knees, but I didn't care. I felt
    warm club air over my legs and ass. A shoe slipped off. Another ripping sound
    tore at my top. I crawled away as I felt the air rush over one swinging breast.
    The sounds of the people above blended in with the loud music and pounding
    in my head. On hands and knees I scampered as fast as I could, but soon I
    wore only the collar and the attached leash. 
He pulled me out by tugging on the leash, but his hand pressed down
    on the middle of my naked back. I saw only boots, heels, legs and pants gathered
    around. I followed the tug of the leash, crawling on all fours until stopping
    in front of a chair. Through tear-stained eyes I raised my head and saw the
    stocking legs of a woman seated in the chair. The legs parted. In front of
    me sat a dark triangle lightened only by flashes of strobes and a pink slit.
    I recoiled at the sight. Someone swacked my bare ass. I winced from the pain.
    The leash tugged me closer to the back of the chair cushion. I soon was between
    the two parted legs. I tried to turn my head and neck back to plead with
    him, but could not and saw only flashes upon the opened thighs of another
    and the yawning female sex.   
I did not want to, but felt compelled to crawl closer, and then the
    leash tugged me to heel. It pulled me back to my feet. I was turned around,
    looked straight into his eyes and then felt his hand press on my breastbone.
    Daily exercise helped me keep that high school flexibility and I bent backward
    until my shoulders and the back of my head rested on the seat cushion. I
    looked straight into the other. My tongue ventured out. I felt hands touching
    my exposed tits. The pungent taste mixed with heat radiating from the velvety
    folds excited. I licked more. Hands smoothed over my taut tummy. Other hands
    fondled and pinched. 
There was nothing to see, but my eyes widened nonetheless as a cock
    entered. It was not his-the one I was used to. I licked deeper and with more
    urgency, drinking in the other woman's flowing juices. My hips thrust upwards;
    my pussy sucked the strange new cock in more. The inner thighs on either
    side of my head closed, squeezing me. My tongue furiously worked. I felt
    the woman cum just as the stranger fucking me came. Glimpses of the club's
    flashing lights sparkled. The music and bodies throbbed. I sweated and throbbed
    along with them. 
I am not sure when it was that night when my clit and nipples were
    pierced. All I do remember is that my Master was at my side when the golden
    rings were fitted in place. My hand tightly gripped his, especially with
    the pain of the piercings. I do remember his tender kiss and sweet whisper
    that his slave had done well. That much I am sure of, and that is all that
    I needed to know. My eyes were moist with pleasure. 
Mornings from that night I awoke from my cushioned floor mat alongside
    his bed. The soreness from the piercings no longer bothered. I looked down
    at my body. The redness had diminished. Rustling the leash attaching me to
    the bed, I arose to my knees. He looked asleep. The rings on me were real,
    and so was he. None of it was a dream. I looked at what had become my &hellip;"black
    horse". 
Just then one of his eyes opened and looked at his awakened slave.
    It did glow crimson, but this was no dream beast. This was my Master. And
    in a way that in itself was a dream.   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Faibhar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





