BDSM Library - Wild Horses




Wild Horses
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A powerful friend helps make two sisters pay for teasing the boy one too many times.WILD HORSES  
By Hector  
M/f, F/f, incest, Torture, beastiality  
Two sisters are made to pay
  for teasing a boy one time too many.  
 The girl's screaming was finally beginning to get hoarse as her voice started
  to give out. It was surprising, really, that that she had lasted this long.
  She was a very petite girl, barely 5'3" and could be described as waifish if
  not for the too large (yet natural) breasts that hung from her chest. She was
  lying face down tied with her breasts hanging on each side of the thinly padded,
  two inch wide bar that supported her weight. Of course she was completely naked,
  arms and legs stretched taunt by leather shackles chained to the floor.  
So far she had been unwillingly fucked by three
  horses in succession without so much as a chance to catch her breath between
  them. The sleek black stallion that was currently stretching her previously
  virginal pussy gave a intense whiney and added its thick ropes of animal jizz
  to the two previous loads.  
The horse was given a moment to calm down and then
  was led away. The half-pound weights dangling from her alligator clipped nipples
  kept her massive tits swinging painfully. The horse semen was almost pouring
  out of her gaping hole.  
"Please&hellip;.." She begged her voice cracking.
  The lights were hot and along with the strain had coated her body with a sheen
  of sweat that made her glisten. A few strands of hair had managed to work free
  of the severe braid to hang limply in her face.  
"Just pitiful, if your friends could see you now&hellip;" Said
  a male voice from beyond the small ring of light that was her world.  
"no more&hellip;" it was amazing that she had any
  more tears to shed but still she cried.  
"Now, now Whore, you remember what you told Mathew.
  Don't you?" The voice came again as the gentleman speaking came into view. "Something
  about 'Wild horses'?"  
Of course she remembered it, they had beaten and
  electrocuted her while dropping vague hints for several hours before she remembered.  
"Wild horses couldn't drag a girl to your bed,
  Mathew." Is what she had said one day while once again picking on him for his
  terrible luck with girls. Her jokes on the subject had always made him mad
  but this time his face went literally crimson with rage. She had actually been
  a little afraid he would hit her but he suddenly calmed and walked away muttering
  something that sounded like 'we'll see'.  
"Yes&hellip;Wild horses&hellip;" she began, struggling
  for breath.  
"Quite right, much quicker this time. You certainly
  are learning." Said the man patting her head like he would a good dog. "I'll
  ask again, do you believe it's true? That wild horses would be unable to provide
  Matthew with a girl&hellip;I mean slut-whore&hellip;to be fucked at his whim?"  
He had asked her this four times now, once before
  the first horse had been brought in, and then again after each horse had dismounted.
  Her answers were (In order): "Hell yes, the fucking faggot!"(Already driven
  into a rage from the electrocution); "Please let me go!": "Nonono! It's not
  true!".  
He responded to each answer (again in order): "We
  shall see,"; "tsk! tsk! That's not an answer at all."; and "Now you're simply
  lying, you don't believe  it."  
This time she rasped, "I&hellip;I don't&hellip;know."  
"Ah! See Whore? You are getting nearer to the truth,
  such an improvement!" At this a vague thought wafted through the turmoil that
  was her mind, maybe he would let her go? That slim hope shattered to pieces
  however when she heard him continue. "Another few pony fucks, Whore and I think
  you'll finally be able to accept the truth."  
Then came the sound she had learned to fear, "Clipty-clop,
  clipty-clop&hellip;"A fourth horse was led in and paraded briefly before her
  as had been done with the others. This was the largest one yet. In fact, he
  appeared to be part Clydesdale as shone by his size and coat. (Nobody was sure
  what other breeds might be in his blood, apparently there had been a mix-up
  at the breeding ranch) All the crying girl knew was her certainty that she
  would be killed the instant that thing tried to mount her. This one's prick
  was only beginning to stiffen and already it was as large as the biggest of
  the three she had taken so far.  
Seeming to find new reserves of strength she began
  struggling to free herself again as the horse was led behind her. The gentleman
  who had been speaking to her forced the girls mouth open as he had done three
  previous times and gave her a few squirts of water from a sports bottle. She
  drank greedily but was allowed just barely enough to keep her from dying of
  dehydration under the intense spotlight. It also soothed her throat enough
  so that she would be able to let out one or two good screams as she was mounted.  
A large video screen was once again moved into
  position so that it occupied most of her vision and, due to the thick posture
  collar, she was unable to look anywhere else. The screen flickered to life
  showing her bound form and just behind her the giant horse.  
The gentleman smacked the horse firmly on the shoulder
  shouting, "Mount!"  
The horse did so, and with vigor began pounding
  away at the tiny girl's cunt-hole. The first thrust caused a jet of mixed horse
  cum to squirt out with a sick farting sound. The view on the screen split,
  to the left and occupying most of the screen was still the side view providing
  a crystal clear image of the woman/horse coupling. To the right side a somewhat
  smaller portion of the screen showed a tightly zoomed in view of her no longer
  tight snatch as it was drilled by the huge penis. Her voice finally gave out,
  leaving her to once again to watch herself be raped in total silence.  
She wasn't the only one watching and suffering
  however. To her side, the one without the video camera, another girl was bound.
  Mary looked a bit like her little sister, at least in the face. Both had pouty
  lips that were naturally a bright, healthy pink as well as a cute button nose
  and deep green eyes that glittered like jewels. That was about the end of the
  similarities.  
Where as her sister was petite with boobs almost
  the size of her head, Mary was tall and toned with gentle curves in all the
  right places including a firm but understated B-cup bust. When they were younger
  they had joked that there had been a screw-up the day boobs were being handed
  out that ended with them each receiving the other's mammaries.  
Mary wasn't thinking about that at the moment though.
  If there was any coherent thought in that mind that had been clouded with stimulants,
  lack of sleep, and a specially designed 'suggestibility' drug it was that it
  felt really good to watch her little sister playing with the horses. She shuddered
  with what was probably her tenth orgasm this hour completely oblivious to what
  was causing it.  
The bindings and equipment keeping Mary in place
  and in a state of near perpetual orgasm were much more intricate than her sisters.
  There was the sybian she straddled with legs strapped tightly heel to butt
  forcing all her weight down onto the dildo. The dildo itself was long enough
  to reach into her womb while filling her just beyond comfortable limits. But
  then it was turned on. It had a seemingly infinite range of motions, pumping
  in and out. Sometimes it was smooth, other times some how becoming ribbed,
  vibrating, pulsing with little bumpy nubs, and (just to drive her over the
  edge of ecstasy) coursing with just enough electricity to make her vaginal
  muscles seize. An identical dildo was working over her asshole, synchronized
  to perform the exact opposite actions of the pussy dildo. Then there was the
  vacuum tube that had firm hold of her clitoris. The level of suction was programmed
  to vary from 'gentle lover' to 'crazed industrial vacuum' at random while vibrating
  almost in time with the dildo. Both breasts were attached to similar tubes
  2 inches in diameter and matched the varying suction of the clit tube.  
She was also wearing headphones specifically designed
  not to block ambient sound (This way she could hear every shriek and whimper
  her sister made). The only other thing that could be heard was a barely audible
  female voice repeatedly chanting, "My sister is perfect. I want to be like
  my sister. Whore is my sister. I want to be like Whore. Whore lives to fuck.
  I love to fuck. Whore serves her master. I need a master. I must serve my master.
  I need a master. I love my whore sister." By the time the second stallion had
  mounted her sister Mary was dazedly chanting along with the recording, the
  drugs engraving the thoughts into her mind.  
Occasionally a very realistic rubber phallus forced
  itself between her lips, mercilessly fucked her throat, pumped almost a full
  pint of horse semen down her gullet, pulled out, sprayed human piss all over
  her and then retracted until the next time. Yet she never stopped repeating
  the chant.  
The half-breed Clydesdale finally came like a cannon
  into Whore's womb. Her body shuddered violently in pain but also a small climax
  of her own and then collapsed limply onto the narrow table.  
Without a word the gentleman reappeared, forced
  the tip of the sports bottle between her lips and force fed her its liquid
  contents until she nearly gagged. It wasn't water this time, what ever it was
  soothed her raw throat and would re-hydrate her but was drugged and designed
  to taste so bad that the person drinking it would willingly eat shit to cover
  its horrid flavor.  
The gentleman walked away, leaving Whore to watch
  a replay of her horse gang bang.  
He then went over to Mary, who had just cum for
  probably the 16 th  time. She was untied and sexual
  devices removed. As a result of the intense suction her nipples stood out nearly
  a half inch from their overly puffy areola. She knelt, staring glassy eyed
  at her sister, still mouthing the chant she had been listening to.  
The gentleman got to one knee to be level with
  her, "Mary?"  
No response.  
He flicked her still protruding clit hard with
  one finger, "Mary!"  
"Wha..?" She turned to look at him though it seemed
  to take a moment for her eyes to focus through the drugs.  
"Mary, do you know who that is over there?" He
  pointed over to Whore.  
"Uh-huh." She nodded her head, " 's my sis'er"  
"Very good Mary," He stroked her pussy gently,
  her whole body rocked in time with his hand. "What is her name?"  
Her face scrunched up cutely in concentration, "Sus&hellip;Whore.
  'er name'sss Whore."  
"That's right little Mary," he began to finger
  fuck her slowly while taking her hand in his, using it to massage one tit, "What
  is she good for?"  
Mary giggled drunkenly, continuing to play with
  her own boob even once he let go. "She's for fuckin'! Fuuuuck-in! fuckinfuckinfuckin!"  
He now had three fingers pumping into her pussy, "Do
  you like fucking, Mary?"  
She nodded vigorously, eyes earnest. "Love fuckin." She
  lied without knowing it (Before now no boy had ever been allowed past second
  base with her.)  
"You want to be like Whore don't you? You want
  to be  Whore."  
"Yeah!" she was riding his hand as though trying
  to devour it with her cunt.  
"Whore obeys her master. Do you have a master?"  
"N-n-no." She said pitifully beginning to cry when
  he removed his hand.  
He smiled as she clumsily tried to grab his retreating
  hand. "Need&hellip;" she begged.  
"You need what? You need a master?"  
She froze for a moment what she really needed was
  to cum. The drugs and subliminal messages hidden in the chant had seen to it
  that she was addicted to sexual climax. She needed  to
  cum but also knew she needed a master to be like Whore and in her current state
  her mind would only focus on one thing at a time.  
"Need master." She nodded.  
"You would serve him?"  
"Mmm-hmm" Her head bobbing.  
"You would obey him no matter what?"  
"Yesss."  
"Then I am your Master." Her eyes brightened, "Let's
  go tell you sister the good news!"  
Smiling Mary moved as if to stand.  
"Obedient slaves like Whore crawl without being
  told." He said off hand.  
Mary, whose mind was clearing slightly, took the
  hint and crawled behind him over to her sister.  
The screen in front of Whore moved aside letting
  her see the gentleman walking up to her. He seemed to be smiling. She couldn't
  think of why, it didn't sound like any more horses were coming to abuse her.
  Then he stepped to the side.  
"MARY?!?! You're here?" She was stunned "Hurry!
  Help me! We can get out of here!"  
Kneeling, Mary looked up at her master. He shook
  his head slightly. She turned back to her sister and said simply, "No."  
"What?!? Mary it's me Sus&hellip;" Whore started
  and was stunned to find she could not remember her name, "I'm your sister!
  Please&hellip;"  
"You know who she is don't you Mary?"  
"Yes master."  
"Tell her."  
"You are my sister. You're name is Whore. Whore
  lives to fuck, I do too. Whore serves her master." Mary beamed. "I have a master
  now too!"  
She wanted to protest, her name wasn't 'Whore'
  but it seemed right. 'Whore' just clicked right into the blank part of her
  memory where a name should be. Living to fuck though? Well, sex was all she
  seemed to be doing lately (admittedly, it was with horses&hellip;.)  
"Mary, put these on your sister," He handed her
  a headset like the one she had worn.  
Whore shook her head but to no avail, soon she
  was hearing a voice identical to her own telling her how great it was to suffer
  for her master, to do anything he commanded..  
"Mary, shit in your sister's face. You will then
  force it down her throat until she had eaten it all. Once she has swallowed
  it all you will wash her face with your piss."  
Mary obediently shoved her buttocks into her sister's
  face letting out a loose fart from her stretched sphincter followed by a wet
  turd. Several wet pieces of shit smeared across Whore's tightly closed lips
  before plopping to the ground. With a grunt Mary finished and wiped herself
  with her sister's hair.  
She knelt picking up several pieces of shit and
  held them up to her sisters mouth. Her lips remained tightly closed.  
"Master, she won't open her mouth."  
"What a bad little slave she is. Make her and make
  it hurt."  
"Yes Sir." She said, instantly grabbing a handful
  of her sister's hair and pulling her head back.  
Whore's mouth opened to scream and was quickly
  filled with handfuls of scat, one after another until it was so full that her
  cheeks were bulging. Mary pinched her sister's nose at her new master's command
  while covering her mouth with the other hand.  
"Swallow." He said.  
She had no choice, swallow or suffocate. One large
  gulp and her mouth was mostly empty. Mary's hands moved away and shoved another
  mouthful of shit in as her sister's mouth opened to retch.  
The process was repeated until there was nothing
  left. Whore didn't even need to be told to swallow the last time. Mary stood
  and relieved herself onto her sister's slack jawed face.  
 "Very good Mary. Now untie her."  
As soon as the bindings that held her in place
  were loosened Whore fell to the floor, aided by a swift kick to her rump. A
  hose was brought over by the mystery man. A harsh jet of cold water assaulted
  the girl's every crevice, flooding and flushing out her every whole.  
"Who are you?"  
"Master's Whore." She shivered.  
"I think you're ready to return to Mathew now."  
"Yes sir." Said the miserable heap of a girl lying
  naked on the floor. Totally broken she truly was  Whore
  now. No thought of refusing or arguing, she did not think much at all now except
  of disgust, humiliation and obedience.  
"Crawling, on hands and feet, heel." He tapped
  his thigh as if calling a dog.  
Every inch of her body aching, Whore struggled
  to obey. Twice her muscles gave out and she simply collapsed onto the hard
  floor.  
Finally they made it across the warehouse. A door
  opened into a room of mixed design. It looked as if the decorator had nearly
  finished an opulent bedroom but changed his mind at the last moment finishing
  it off as a dungeon.  
"Matt," The mystery man nodded, "Here she is as
  promised. Horse-fucked and totally broken."  
"Thanks man. How's Mary doing?"  
"Turning out quite satisfactorily." He tossed an
  envelope to the boy on the bed and left the room, "New I.D. house keys, bank
  info etc. Enjoy."  
"Been having a good time out there, Whore?"  
"No master."  
"Good. Come, get in bed." The girl crawled onto
  the cushion next to him and he grabbed her bare legs bending them knees to
  shoulder, "You're my little fuck toy now aren't you?"  
"Yes master!!" She squealed as he drove into her
  virgin anus.  
Though inexperienced, a complete virgin to this
  point, he pounded her with merciless enthusiasm until he exploded within her.  
Collapsing on top of her Mathew whispered, "See,
  Wild horses can get a girl into my bed. Even you, big sister. All it cost was
  our annoying little sister!"  
Whore said nothing, silent tears ran down her face.
  She could only hope the nightmare would end and she could go home.  
Epilogue:   
Whore's nightmare never ended. Their parents believed
  their three children were dead. Matt and Whore lived the rest of their lives
  on a large ranch/studio with over a dozen other couples where they helped film
  hundreds of extreme BDSM and bestiality movies. Whore became a favorite with
  the other Dom's due to the beautiful, reluctant way she suffered and served.
  She learned to obey quickly as that was the only way to avoid further sessions
  with the horses (Mathew had made that her special punishment).  
Several years later another man and woman arrived.
  Whore recognized the man immediately. It was the man that had broken her. She
  couldn't stop shaking, afraid she was going to be punished for something. No
  punishment ensued.  
She was simply made to do a series of movies with
  the man's slave. They were beaten, tortured, and fucked together then made
  to beat, torture and fuck each other. Through the whole time Whore never recognized
  the girl with green hair, permanently pierced eyebrows, and nose. She had three
  posts in her tongue, one through each nipple, two in her permanently erect
  (and hoodless) clit. A ring through the base of her areola, four in each labia.
  Several tattoos proclaimed things like "WHIP ME", "SLAVE", and "SEX TOY". All
  of that, made Mary completely unrecognizable to her sister.  
From the author: This is my first attempt at a post worthy story. Constructive
  comments welcome, in fact they're requested at impossiblecl@netscape.net.
  If there's enough response I'll write more. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Hector


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





