BDSM Library - The Arena Survivor




The Arena Survivor
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story that has a similar theme and historical setting to my earlier one, but a very different outcome.THE SURVIVOR  
Introduction  
Besides gladiator fights and races the Roman circus had another popular event
  - plays. Often these plays involving actresses mating with other species.In
  later Roman times, woman convicts took part in these exotic exhibitions as
  well. The women prisoners were usually made to perform sexually in the Colosseum
  with an impossible partner such as a giraffe, bull (popular), stallion or lion.  
Professor Kathleen Coleman says : &quot;At the opening of the Colosseum in
  A.D. 80, there was an engagement that replicated the encounter between Pasiphae,
  the Cretan queen, and a very handsome bull that she took a fancy to. In the
  myth, the palace handyman, Daedalus, designed a wooden heifer to further the
  queen's seductive ambitions; the union resulted in the Minotaur, the half-man,
  half-bull who was the terror of Crete. This encounter was replicated in the
  arena at the dedication of the Colosseum. Somehow, a bull was tricked into
  union with - presumbly - a condemned woman. But these super-spectacles were
  rare.&quot;  
Such sexual encounters, though billed as spectacular executions and using
  women condemned for adultery or murder, were not always fatal.  
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------  
One memorable show at the Colosseum was provided by Julia who had been convicted
  of adultery and attempted murder of her husband. She was given the choice of
  beheading or taking part in the colosseum`for the very risky and spectacular
  reenactment of the mating of Pasiphae and bull. Julia, who was to play Pasiphae
  was placed under house arrest at the house of Lepidus the theatre promoter.
  The night before her appearance, Lepidus took the woman to the courtyard of
  his house to prepare her for her remarkable mating.  
A curtain was hung across the arch and it parted to reveal two girls in transparent
  shifts with a magnificent white bull.  
&quot;Lovely girls. Who are they&quot;  
Lepidus replied: &quot;Selena and Valeria - girls who act in the pornographic
  theatre so popular today in Rome. They'll be your handmaidens in the arena.&quot;  
&quot;and the bull must be the one I'm going to be penetrated by in the Colosseum
  games ?&quot;  
&quot;Of course&quot;  
&quot;The seats are all taken there and there's a great market for magnifying
  crystals. The girls you're watching are used to being nude in public and they've
  had sex with most animals on stage.They'll give you a lot of help in the arena.&quot;  
At first the girls danced around the bull before removing their garment and
  dancing naked round the bull. One of the girls climbed on his back, slide along
  grasped his neck, spread her legs to the bull. The other girl sat below waiting
  till the extending length reached her outstreached tongue, before sliding the
  huge member between her thighs. She then invited her partner to join her sliding
  on the length as they kissed each other.  
Then the girls finished the show and came down to lounge naked. they said
  to Julia &quot; they wanted us to do the bull for then show at the Colosseum
  but we were too scared. When we've played Pasiphae we just shaken our bare
  buttocks to the bull, and let him rub his erection between our cheeks then
  sucked and chewed on his dick. We've done a lot of animals though - camels,
  horses,dogs, goat and zebra.A bull's bigger than a horse and has much more
  stamina.It'll be incredible if you can do it.&quot;  
Valeria said : At a private function for a senatorial family I noticed one
  young boy who was very red and excited when I did my initial nude dance, so
  when it was time to have sex with the horse I deliberately positioned it so
  that he could watch the penetration from just a foot away. As the horse slid
  in he openly played with himself so I opened his toga and sucked him while
  the horse fucked me.&quot;  
Julia said: &quot;In a strange way I'm looking forward to it - stripping
  naked before thousands of Romans, bending over to take the huge penis before
  a crowd of 60,000, making the myth of Pasiphae's intercourse with the bull  
reality. In spite of the danger, it's an enormous thrill to perform such
  an outrageous sex act in public &quot; She turned to Lepidus and said:&quot; Could
  I examine the bull more closely?&quot;  
She removed her dress and brought the bull to the table and grasped its penis &quot;magnificent&quot; she
  gasped, before heaping cream on it and licking it all off. Selena and Valeria
  fingered themselves as she sucked. Finally Julia spread her legs, bending in
  front of the bull: &quot;Tomorrow you'll enjoy my body&quot;  
Lepidus said:&quot; Good luck. I'm sure you'll manage to take it and not
  be 'executed by bull's penis'. If you stimulate the beast a lot I'm sure you
  can make it ejaculate in time. A good bull can last about 30 minutes, but your
  handmaidens will use all their many tricks to make him come before that. Get
  some sleep with them and they'll give you all sorts of tips about having sex
  with animals.&quot;  
The girls said as they all entwined in bed: &quot;A horse is good - much
  better than a man. A few days ago we appeared in a play Semiramis which opened
  with us being mounted in turn by a horse. In Rome a year ago, it was exciting
  to be nude in a play, but now all the audience wants is really big horses and
  women in mythological reenactments. Until two months ago we just had sex with
  small ponies, but audience simply demand mature horses with gigantic great
  cocks for performing the myths. It makes for a much more spectacular and memorable
  erotic display.There are so many myths with women and animals - Jupiter enjoyed
  Europa under the form of a bull, Asterie, he ravished as an eagle; fucked Leda
  rcourse while in the form of a swan. He changed himself into a serpent make
  love to Proserpine. As a goat, he impregnated Antiope.  
 Neptune, became a fierce bull to raped Canace. As a horse Neptune had sex
  with the goddess Ceres, who bore to him the steed Arion. He lay with Melantho,
  as a dolphin. Then Saturn had sex with Phillyra in the form of a horse. Phoebus
  changed into a lion to rape a nymph.  
All Romans think that watching the old myths is improving for young boys,
  and they're always a big part of the audience. The audience also like a bit
  of comedy, which gives better dramatic effect to the lustful, way-out sex.
  In Semiramis, Valeria played Semiramis. while I was her servant. I surprised
  her with the horse and just carried on dusting them as though they was vases
  or furniture. When Valeria had finished with the horse I took off my robe,brought
  a large goblet, milked the horse of all its cum, drank some then passed it
  to my mistress.&quot; &quot;Wow&quot; &quot;That's not all. I lay with my thighs
  and legs over the stage as I sucked the horse back to erection. A boy in the
  audience fingered and rubbed me as I sucked the horse.  
Then I was mounted by the horse who lasted much longer than before, grinding
  in slowly. The performance was at night, and numerous torches iluminated the
  mirrored stage as the great horse fucked me for 40 minutes. No wonder so many
  men and boys are addicted to the Roman sex theater - their wildest fantasies
  become reality every night &quot;  
You know, we were frightened when we saw the size of a horse - 30 inches
  - they had for us but we relaxed, used plenty of grease and had an enjoyable
  fuck twice a day for two weeks. The audience was great and we always added
  a different kinky twist and some participation with them. But the crowd always
  keep on demanding something even more erotic - they're never satisfied. We
  all knew that the next big spectacle had to be Pasiphae being mounted by the
  bull. A bull is 6 inches longer as well as thicker, so its more dangerous.
  In spite of the danger, we guarantee you'll have two orgasms within 5 minutes
  of penetration. We did with the horses - a magnificent specimen of cock.  
As the Empire expands more and animals are available for sexual encounters
  with women - giraffes, apes, zebras and so on.We don't really approve of the
  move to sentence women convicts to sex with animals. It's the result of the
  growing influence of horrid upper-class matrons. All the men want to see is
  a exotic sex show, but these women would like to watch an animal break a woman
  in the arena, even split her in two. Sadism is taking over from sex, and much
  wilder sex is in demand. You're lucky that this is a theatre-type performance
  with a bull. Soon the colosseum will use use hippos, rhinos and even elephants
  with women condemned for adultery and murder. An elephant has a dick between
  five and six feet long. Imagine that! An unbelievable sex spectacle - a woman
  prisoner might even enjoy the first few minutes of sex with such a partner,
  but there'd be no way she could survive full intercourse. A woman sentenced
  for some wild sexual crime like being caught by her husband being taken by
  three men at once - might not be worried about having sex with an animal, even
  in public.&quot;  
But I always think that chaining a woman up so she's completely at the mercy
  of the animal is bad, it's better - much sexier - when the woman is loose and
  can be willing partner to the beast. In the arena we'll just tie you up for
  the initial penetration then release you. Lions and tigers are going to feature
  in future Colosseum shows, penetrating sentenced women, nothing to worry about
  in terms of cock size, but they might eat you in a different way if you're
  unlucky! The show we're going to do with the bull is really tame if you compare
  it to some of the events the Colosseum showmakers have lined up in the future..  
&quot;Really, what are they going to do next.&quot;  
&quot;They're going to wait three weeks till they have enough condemned women,
  then do a mass event in the arena with many different animals penetrating thirty
  or more women at once. Only the most attractive and sexually lustful girls
  will participate, the animals will be the finest specimens of their kind, selected
  for the size and beauty of their dicks. Some actresses and prostitutes - who'll
  take on some of the the 'smaller' of the giant animal dicks on offer - will
  take part as well as condemned prisoners. There'll be girls from every province
  in the Empire --jet-black Nubians with zebras,camels, hippos, rhinos, antelopes
  and even young elephants, blond Germans with big black bulls, bison and horses,
  even Persians and Chinese being taken by wild asses from their own country.
  Some of the tall, broad Nubian girls are incredible: they look so beautiful
  when they spread their legs - the contrast of pink and black! Animal cum looks
  nice on their skin too. I saw one take a big camel as easily as an Italian
  girl would a dog, so maybe they can manage a rhino or elephant. Its going to
  be a fantastic spectacle, the only drawback will be there'll be so much going
  on it might be difficult to follow all the action. Gallons of animal cum and
  cunt juices flying everywhere. Moans of ecstasy mixed with squeals of pain.
  Variety is the spice of life!  
Selena continued - &quot; I saw the first performance of an elephant and
  woman just a week ago - not in Rome but in Naples. I heard about it from someone
  in the theater and decided I just had to see this astonishing spectacle even
  though I might not like the end. I thought it would be very exciting to see
  the first sexual responses of the girl and the young elephant. The promoter
  of this theaterical execution wanted to try out the incredible gaudy, erotic-sadistic
  spectacle on a smaller, more intimate audience before bringing on a similar
  show in the Colosseum. The condemned girl was quite cocky as she entered the
  arena naked, even flashing her body to the men, rubbing her crotch and spreading
  her bottom cheeks. Then two soldiers chained her to the block - the girl even
  gave fellatio to one of them. A small elephant then entered and began to rub
  her with its trunk,sucking her breasts and between her legs before mounting
  her. I heard her gasp with pleasure as it entered. But with a gigantic animal
  like an elephant she'd cum and pant for a while when just the tip of the giant
  erection was in. As the act proceeded, there'd be both pain and pleasure and
  finally the girl would literally be fucked to death in front of the spectators
  when the whole length of the excited animal slid fully inside. I enjoyed the
  early moments of this show,watching the pink tip make her wet but turned away
  later. However, when the elephant bellowed I looked up and saw the final moments
  - the elephant, its dick looking as long and hard as a marble column, rushed
  forward fast, catching the woman completely by surprise. All the Roman matrons
  applauded as she was raped to death. Due to the speed of the sudden final assault
  the execution by 5 foot long animal dick seemed farly quick, humane and painless,
  more than can be said for most Roman executions. I would have preferred to
  watch just the first part, which was very erotic, but if you have to execute
  women this seems the best way, since the girl got sexual pleasure at first
  and didn't seem to suffer too much. And there's always the possibility of escape
  if you can make the animal cum in time. Besides the exotic sex, that uncertainty
  is the biggest attraction of these theaterical beast sex executions. Another
  factor is that a lot of convict women don't realise the sheer size of dicks
  of the animals they use in the sex circus, so they participate without any
  fear. Ignorance is bliss as they say, that girl in Naples didn't realise about
  the size, so the promoter got the best out of her, because she was relaxed
  at the start and put on a nice erotic performance that the audience enjoyed.
  It was a pity that the exciting spectacle ended in her execution, but those
  cruel upper-class matrons loved it all,especially the final penetration.When
  the elephant rammed it in all the way, the high born Roman ladies went wild
  They stood up and chanted yes, yes, yes, break her split her in two  !  
&quot;I heard one noblewoman talking to the promotor after. She was obviously
  a connoiseur of the shows and said:&quot; It was quite good, very exotic of
  course but lasted far too short a time - barely five minutes. The elephant
  wasn't properly trained. The best shows last far longer, for half an hour or
  more. I like it best when the huge animal dick is around one and a half feet
  in, then slides a little bit further in and then out a little at that amount
  of penetration for a long time.  
 At that particular depth, the condemned girl feels both intense pleasure
  and intense pain. It's exquisite when that incredibly erotic moment is prolonged
  for twenty minutes or more. You can see the sweat pouring off her, her juices
  on the giant dick. I always love to watch her expression at this time.The naked
  body always looks beautiful as she takes a long and thick animal dick. It's
  wonderful to see a condemned girl being taken to the limits of endurance and
  then beyond. When the animal goes a little deeper the girl will obviously be
  getting more pain than pleasure but the pleasure will help to keep her going.  
 It's best if this stage lasts for about ten minutes. She'll scream and squeal
  and hopefully the animal will come inside her, giving the condemned girl a
  tremendous relief and saving her. If not the final fatal penetration should
  be done quickly, in one rapid overwhelming final push. I find the execution
  stroke most appealing when the bull withdraws nearly the whole length, has
  a short dramatic pause while the women of the audience admire the size and
  shape of his dick, then slides it back all the way in a quick but smooth movement.' &quot;  
Selena finally said - &quot; I think she might have been joking, but the
  noblewoman finished off saying she felt most sorry for the trained bull for
  having to control himself until very the end of the show!&quot;  
______________________________________________  
It was soon the morning of the spectacle.  
An ancient chronicler describes how lavish the scenery and costumes were
  with carpets and mock-up palace walls. Julia came out with two handmaidens
  in attendance dressed in a rich purple cloak, with coiffered hair and crown.
  The attendants removed the cloak to reveal her naked, though still wearing
  the crown, jewellery and silver shoes.  
Julia approached the Imperial box, bowing to the emperor while naked. The
  handmaidens stripped off their own clothing and led Julia to a table with bowls
  of oils and perfumes and a large goblet. Thay kissed her and covered her body
  in oil and perfumes, caressing her all over, as the audience watched. From
  the large bowl the handmaidens splashed oil all over their own bodies. Finally
  the handmaidens took liberal amounts of grease and applied it all round Julia's
  cunt, to aid entry of the bull. Now as the attendants laid Julia on a raised
  dais, her naked body glistening in the sunlight, she spread her legs wide scissoring
  them open many times as the crowd watched.  
Valeria whispered :&quot;Now we'll tie you -the crowd will love to see you
  helpless before the bull. As soon as he's entered you, we'll release the bonds.&quot; The
  took lengths of silk rope and tied her legs and arms wide apart attaching the
  ropes to brass rings on the dais. Unseen by Julia, Selena donned a headdress
  of bull horns and strapped on a thin but long leather dildo.  
Julia trembled with anticipation as she thought she was being penetrated
  by the great bull, but relaxed and laughed as she realised it was Selena sliding
  into her. She enjoyed the novel experience, and the crowd loved the bit of
  erotic comedy.Selena said &quot;I can do better than the bull&quot;, as she
  dipped the dildo in oil before gently putting it in Julia's anus.  
The tame white bull entered: it too had been washed, perfumed and garlanded.
  The naked handmaidens led the bull to Julia, grasping its great balls as they
  walked. Julia raised her head and flicked its balls with her mouth and tongue,before
  licking its gradually emerging 3 foot penis from top to bottom, and took the
  throbbing head in her mouth, licking the juices down. She fluttered her tongue
  dierctly in the hole of the beast's member.Though the audience cheered its
  approval Julia was actually being very crafty, knowing that the more she excited
  the bull the less likely she would be fatally speared by its immense dick.
  A large quantity of pre-cum dripped from the great member. The handmaidens
  collected it in the goblet, and put it to Julia's lips.  
Finally came the hazardous actual mating in the arena. Her handmaidens -
  knowing how much the Roman crowd enjoyed kinky sex licked Julia's exposed cunt
  and anus and applied a little more lubricant. The handmaidens entertained the
  crowd more by sliding fingers in, then licking their fingers clean. Finally
  they gave long licks to the bull's shaft as they guided it into Julia's hole.
  Valeria left Selena to hold the shaft while she got in to position applying
  licks to both Julia's cunt and the great penis: Valeria managed to get her
  wet cunt onto Julia lips. Meanwhile Selena jabbed the end of the bull's shaft
  against Julia's growing clit. When the penis was in, Selena changed position
  and kissed Julia on the mouth saying &quot;Enjoy the bull.&quot; As the bull
  begin to thrust both nude handmaidens released the bonds before lying down
  raising their bottoms up and down on the arena floor. Then they licked and
  grasped the bull's balls and shaft. Valeria got in front of the bull so he
  could lick her out with a large, wet, rough tongue while enjoying Julia.  
Julia took care only to allow a foot of the immense pole inside her, moving
  very fast on this greasy, wet black length and grasping it hard with her cunt
  muscles.Though had been taken from behind Julia amazed the Colosseum audience
  by twisting fully round in mid-air as she 'rode' the bull. The sweat poured
  off as they coupled, Julia amazed at the bull's endurance, wrapping her legs
  around the thick lower part of the bull's dick.  
The bull urged further trying to slide the entire length inside Julia's welcome
  wetness. But her handmaidens furiously licked and squeezed its balls, and Julia
  felt pints of cum rippling and pumping out till she was squirted with masses
  of the stuff till she was jerked forward by his twitchings to the amazement
  of the jaded Colosseum crowd. Who watched as more semen shot out in jerks all
  over her naked tanned body. Both handmaidens licked it all up, then raised
  the goblet to catch some more and gave it to Julia to drink. She left the Colosseum
  a free woman, after providing such an amazing erotic exhibition.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dave johns


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





