BDSM Library - Kryztal




Kryztal
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Caroline and Hal Blaine lived in a perfect world of Hollywood glamour and wealth until an enemy told Caroline about Hal's dirty little secret. Disgusted and intrigued, Caroline had to know more. And then, she met Kryztal.Kryztal Part 1 (of
      10 Parts)  
  Carmenica Diaz &copy; 2004   
Kryztal Part 1:     The
      lid to Pandora's box was ajar  .   
Caroline
    Blaine was beautiful, haughty and a perfect bitch.   
Perhaps
    this was why she was so successful as a lawyer. Caroline had the capability
    of going ruthlessly for the jugular while smiling sweetly at the judge. She
    had everything &ndash; beauty, career, a refined accent, and a handsome husband.   
Life,
    on a superficial level, was great but in those rare honest moments, Caroline
    admitted cautiously that, perhaps, there was something missing.   
Caroline
    was a rarity in Hollywood as she was truly a natural blonde. That hair, together
    with legs to her armpits, large breasts, honey coloured skin and a warm and
    sensuous smile, made her the stuff men dreamed of and women envied.   
Even
    though Caroline had lived in California for ten years, she scrupulously maintained
    her English accent; in fact she became more British as the years went on
    as it gave her a distinct and different image. Caroline hadn't been back
    to London for six years and sometimes wondered what her old school friends
    in Chelsea would think of her now.   
It
      was a different time, a different world  ,
      she would tell her self when old memories came back,  I
      was a different person to what I am now.   
The
    firm of lawyers that employed Caroline saw her as the perfect addition to
    their partner ranks - a beautiful young woman with a stylish English accent
    who was not ashamed to be a carnivore in the courtroom. Only in Hollywood
    could a lawyer look like a movie star while the movie stars looked and acted
    like lawyers.   
It
    also helped Caroline's image that her husband of almost ten months was also
    a successful Hollywood agent and as ruthless as he was handsome. Hal had
    been blessed with perfect teeth, dark brooding eyes and a crooked grin that
    seduced women and put men off guard before he crucified them with delight.
    It was said around Hollywood that nobody closed a deal like Hal Blaine, nobody
    could outwit or out-negotiate Hal Blaine.   
Originally
    from Georgia, he had spent several years in Boston before moving to California
    and his dress sense was impeccable. He favoured expensive American suits,
    crisp shirts with glittering cuff-links and, of course, always the perfect
    tie. In an industry where 'California Casual' was the fashion, he stood out
    as a man of style and a man that women always noticed when he walked into
    a restaurant.   
Caroline
    sometimes thought the suits were just a little ostentatious and a little
    shiny for her tastes, not subtle and refined like the English or Europeans
    but, she told herself, it  was   America
    and Hal was certainly one of the best dressed men in her circles.   
He
    also had a voracious but casual appetite for sex. Caroline accepted the sex
    although she never achieved a real connection to it. Sex was something men
    needed and she accepted her lot as one who gave when the mood suited her.   
On
    the surface, Hal and Caroline appeared to be remarkably suited to each other.   
And
    they were, but not truly until Kryztal came into the picture.   
Bea
    Rutledge was the most successful Madam in Hollywood and her girls only provided
    their special and discrete services to stars. Anybody that was making less
    than three point five million a movie could not get near one of Bea's girls;
    Bea's girls  were   special,
    and had specific tastes that would appeal to certain producers, directors
    and stars. A date with a  Bea
    Girl   was not a simple fuck,
    it was an event worth paying for, and paid they did, and then paid extra
    to remain anonymous.   
Bea
    was not the stereotypical owner of a high class escort service; if they made
    a movie about her she would, of course, be played by some blowsy blonde,
    addicted to cigarettes and cheap cracks &ndash; Hollywood producers love
    stereotypes. Instead, she was short and slight with dark hair cut in a pageboy
    style, and she dressed severely in men's clothes and always wore dark glasses.   
It
    was rumoured Bea preferred women and had told Julia, a famous actor, that,
    'Men think with their cocks, thank God! If they didn't, I'd be broke and
    I wouldn't have my lodge in Aspen. Women think with their hearts,' she had
    said softly, gently stroking the inside of Julia's wrist.   
It
    was also rumoured that Bea and Julia spent a week in a famous Hollywood hotel
    suite where they played many games that involved a dildo imported from Holland
    they had nicknamed Frederic. Apparently, so the story goes, when the epic
    week ended, Bea gave Frederic to Julia, who had it mounted on an polished
    stand and put it in her hall closet next to her Oscar.   
Unfortunately,
    the law enforcement officials didn't turn a blind eye to Bea's business activities.
    She always blamed the ultra conservative right wing of American politics,
    but not too loudly as a great deal of the conservative senators and congressmen
    were actually customers.   
Apparently,
    these conservative politicians enjoyed being flogged by a beautiful girl
    called Tanya dressed as a catholic schoolgirl. Tanya, who was twenty-four
    but appeared to be sixteen and specialised as  Bea's
    Schoolgirl  , always took
    to the flogging with relish and left her conservative clients gasping in
    pain. Sometimes, when she was watching television with her lover Sonja, she
    would giggle when she watched her customers secretly wince at press conferences
    or in interviews.   
 But,
    political hypocrisy and desperate image consultants prodded the law into
    action and, therefore, Bea had to spend a healthy amount each year to retain
    the services of an accomplished firm of L.A. lawyers.   
And
    that firm was where Caroline worked.   
From
    their first meeting, Bea and Caroline hated each other immediately and intensely.
    That meant, of course, that they were exceedingly polite to each other and
    smiled a lot. Men had no idea as to the extent of the mutual hatred between
    the women and sat in blissful ignorance in a minefield of hate. Women wished
    they could get out of the room before either Bea or Caroline produced a weapon
    of mass destruction from their Louis Vuitton handbags and dropped it on the
    polished conference room table.   
 'Prostitution
    is such a tawdry case,' Caroline had smiled sweetly at Bea, 'but I believe
    the current crack down will disappear soon and your hookers will be safe
    to walk the streets again.'   
Bea
    inwardly seethed. 'My girls don't walk the streets, as well you know. They
    offer services far more detailed and caring than a quick roll in the hay.
    I imagine a quick roll in the hay with the lights off is what you occasionally
    give that new husband of yours, poor dear.'   
'How
    dare you!' Caroline flushed deeply. 'Our sex life is very full, not that
    it's any of your business!'   
'But
    it  is   my
    business,' Bea smiled thinly, gathering her handbag, 'Hal has a standing
    appointment with my girls every week.'   
Caroline
    blinked and gaped as Bea opened the door. 'He comes for what he can't get
    at home,' was her parting shot. 'Call me if you want to know what he likes.
    It would appear that  I   know,
    but you don't!''   
That
    night, Caroline almost attacked Hal and was very aggressive in their lovemaking.
    Why, she even forced herself to suck his cock for a few minutes before sitting
    astride him and ramming him into herself. All the time she was mechanically
    fucking her husband with an obsessed vigour and energy, Bea's taunting words
    haunted her.   
She
    couldn't sleep and stared at Hal's sleeping face.  Bea
    was lying  , Caroline told
    herself,  she had to be! Why
    would Hal go to her girls? I let him fuck me regularly, don't I? He loves
    me, doesn't he?   
It
    became an obsession and, at last on Monday, she shamefully called Bea. 'Want
    to know what Hal likes?' Bea had mockingly asked in a voice laced with silken
    triumph.   
'Yes,'
    Caroline had admitted, face red and feeling like crying. 'Yes, I do.'   
Bea
    gave her an address. 'Be there at two-thirty on Wednesday. You'll get to
    see what floats Hal's boat.' Bea was laughing as she disconnected the call.   
Caroline
    showed up at the appointed time dressed in a simple business suit and waited.
    Bea entered, as usual wearing dark glasses and they air-kissed with restrained
    hatred. 'This is Caroline,' she said to the two women standing beside her
    in black Armani pants suits. 'She wants to see Hal in action.' The women
    nodded and Bea slid some papers across her desk. 'Sign this, it's just a
    standard disclaimer for entering these premises.'   
Caroline
    glanced at the papers but she was so upset at what was happening, so obsessed
    by it all, that she committed the number one sin of lawyers &ndash; she didn't
    read the documents before signing them.   
Bea
    smiled. 'Go with the girls and you will see what Hal likes.'   
The
    women led Caroline to a room with a large four-poster bed. 'I am Breanne,'
    one said, 'this is Zoe, take your clothes off.'   
'What?
    Are you kidding&hellip;'   
'Take
    them off or we will take them from you,' Breanne said calmly.   
'We'd
    much prefer if you struggled,' Zoe said with a cruel smile and Caroline suddenly
    felt frightened. 'We always enjoy a good struggle.'   
 'I
    don't&hellip;'   
Breanne
    stepped forward and slapped Caroline hard across the face, so hard the force
    of it sent her reeling across the bed. 'Get naked, slut, or there will be
    more!'   
'But&hellip;'   
Zoe
    gripped a handful of Caroline's hair and tugged it viscously before slapping
    her again. 'This isn't a courtroom, sister. We don't do debates!'   
Tears
    rolling down her wounded face, Caroline kicked off her shoes while she unbuttoned
    her coat. The two women stood with arms folded, smiling until Caroline was
    down to her coffee coloured lace bra and panties.   
'Please&hellip;'
    she began but Breanne wouldn't let her continue.   
'Naked,
    or I'll let Zoe take them off you!'   
Sobbing
    incoherently, hoping the nightmare would be over once they stole her clothes,
    Caroline unsnapped her bra, and shimmied out of her panties.   
Zoe
    calmly gathered the clothes and Caroline stood with one arm across her breasts,
    the other covering her crotch. 'I've seen it all before,' Breanne said wearily,
    'you've got nothing new and nothing special, baby.' Disdainfully, she offered
    a small drawstring bag. 'Jewellery &ndash; rings, watch, earrings, bracelets,
    put them all in here.'   
Woodenly,
    Caroline complied, dropping her various pieces of jewellery into the bag.
    'Hair clip,' Breanne prompted and Caroline removed it, her hair falling forward.   
Zoe
    returned without the clothes and then both of them advanced on Caroline.
    'What do you want&hellip;'   
Breanne
    slapped her again and Caroline fell on the bed. Suddenly, leather cuffs were
    wrapped around her wrists and then attached to ankle cuffs so she was locked
    in an uncomfortable position, wrists to ankles, knees bent and exposed, so
    exposed.   
The
    door opened and Bea entered, smoking a pink cigarette in an ebony holder,
    smiling. 'Now, that's much better. That has to go,' she said, gesturing at
    Caroline's pubic hair, 'he may recognise it.'   
'Please&hellip;'
    Caroline whimpered, trying to move, but whatever position she tried, her
    pussy was openly exposed, her large breasts rolling over her rib cage, nipples
    stirring.   
Breanne
    ignored her and the other woman held Caroline's legs apart as Breanne switched
    on the clippers she had suddenly produced. 'No&hellip;!' Caroline's head
    moved from side to side in her humiliation as the clippers ran roughly over
    her sensitive groin. Zoe winked at her, sprayed her crotch with shaving lather
    and proceeded to shave. 'Don't move,' she warned and Caroline tried to bury
    her head in the bedclothes to hide from her own shame and Bea's mocking eyes.
    It was done, so smooth, and Zoe calmly removed the shaving cream with a fluffy
    blue towel.   
Caroline
    had always privately referred to her vagina as her 'bits' and now her bits
    were so clearly visible. It was impossible for Caroline not to see her bald
    crotch; she stared down at it, her large intimate lips gleaming pinkly against
    the smooth skin.   
Breanne
    beckoned to Bea and pointed at Caroline's crotch. 'Look,' she said and Caroline
    turned her head away in shame as Bea leaned forward to look at her newly
    shaven groin.   
'It's
    a birthmark,' Bea announced and Caroline knew Bea had identified the small
    almond shaped birthmark on her inner left thigh, situated where her leg met
    her groin. 'He might recognise it, so cover it.'   
Zoe
    applied a thick coating of a flesh covered plastic skin over the birthmark
    and Bea smiled down at the red faced Caroline as they waited for it to dry.   
Breanne
    and Zoe approached Caroline, both carrying bottles of scented oil. Despite
    Caroline's protests and her horror at having two women intimately touch her,
    the women oiled every part of Caroline's body so she gleamed in the light
    and smelled of a musky exotic perfume. The oil, in Caroline's horrified eyes,
    made her large breasts look lewd and her now-bald bits, obscene.   
'Why
    are you doing this?' Caroline cried but the three women ignored her.   
'The
    hair,' Bea instructed, exhaling smoke and Breanne snapped a rubber cap over
    Caroline's hair, holding it close to her skull while she fitted a bright
    red wig on Caroline's head.   
'A
    redhead,' Bea said maliciously, 'Hal loves to fuck redheads!'   
'I'll
    sue you,' Caroline bawled. 'I'll see you in prison, you&hellip;'   
'I
    doubt it,' Bea said evenly, 'you signed a release, baby.'   
A
    leather hood was snapped on which covered her upper face to her nose, leaving
    her mouth and chin free, then closed around her throat. The ponytail of fake
    red hair emerged from a hole in the rear of the hood and Breanne locked it
    on with a gold lock.   
They
    pried her mouth open and inserted a ring gag so her mouth was forced to form
    an 'O' and she couldn't make intelligible sounds. She drooled, her eyes rolling
    in the eye slits of the hood as they also locked it shut.   
Breanne
    used the same blue towel to clean the make up from Caroline's lower face
    and then applied thick lipstick in a shade of orange Caroline would not be
    normally caught dead in.   
'Roll
    her over,' Bea said, stubbing her cigarette out in a large glass ashtray.
    Caroline tried to resist but found herself face down, her head turned to
    the side and her fleshy bottom pointing to the roof, knees bent and her entire
    crotch obscenely displayed.   
Suddenly,
    she felt hands around her waist and she was lifted up while an enormous round
    cylinder of a cushion was slid under her breasts. When she slumped down on
    it, she was bent with knees on the bed; her upper body hanging over the cushion
    so her breasts wobbled free and her head hung uselessly. All the time, Caroline
    knew her legs were forced apart and she was helplessly displayed.   
'Tattoo,'
    Bea snapped and Caroline tried to protest but her mouth could not form words,
    spittle rolling from her gaping mouth. 'Don't worry,' Bea laughed, 'it's
    not permanent.' A transfer was applied to Caroline's bottom on her left cheek
    and, in black, it said simply 'Pain Slut'.   
'Turn
    the lights down low,' Bea instructed the others, 'our friend here is probably
    only used to being fucked in the dark.' Bea knelt down so her face was close
    to Caroline's. 'The tattoo says Pain Slut,' she said softly, 'and that's
    what you're going to be because it's what Hal likes. I don't think he'll
    recognise you with the hair, bald cunt and the tattoo but, then,' she laughed,
    'he just might&hellip; you might have a highly individual cunt that he'll
    recognise it immediately.' She patted Caroline's arm. 'I doubt it though.
    Men are so unobservant and a cunt is a cunt when their dicks are hard.'   
The
    women left Caroline alone in that ignominious position, face down, wrists
    and ankles connected so her knees were bent and her wobbling bottom and bits
    would be the first thing that anybody entering the room would see. Then,
    they would see her breasts hanging like udders over the cushion. Stupidly,
    the vain part of her wondered why they didn't leave her in a more flattering
    position.   
She
    remained like that for ten minutes and then the door opened again. From the
    corner of her eyes, she saw Bea standing in the door way, her arm linked
    with Hal's as both looked in. 'This is Kryztal,' Bea said. 'She's new and
    she likes what you like. From opposite ends, of course,' she laughed.   
'She
    looks great,' Caroline heard her husband's voice. 'You've got her all ready
    for me?'   
'She's
    a submissive pain slut and we treat her that way. Of course, she loves it.'   
'Okay,
    thanks Bea,' and, to her horror, Caroline saw her husband kiss her enemy's
    cheek.   
'Oh,
    don't worry about condoms,' Bea said with a laugh, swinging the door shut
    behind her.   
'You
    sure?'   
'She
    loves bareback and she's clean.' The door shut and Caroline was alone with
    her husband.   
'Well,
    hello Kryztal,' Hal said, his fingers lightly tapping Caroline's oiled and
    gleaming bottom. Caroline gurgled in the gag and then cried out as Hal slapped
    her bottom hard. Then he slapped it again and again until it was covered
    with red marks and it was stinging. Caroline felt humiliated and used but,
    strangely, she also felt aroused.   
There's
      nothing I can do  , she
      told herself,  I'm helpless,
      go with the flow; Hal comes quickly so it will be over soon.   
She
    heard him undressing and then rummaging in the chest of drawers. 'Bea always
    leaves me some toys,' he suddenly said, and Caroline tried to turn her head
    to see what he was doing.   
His
    hand slapped her bottom again and she gurgled into the gag, then suddenly
    screamed as she felt him clamp something sharp over her nipples. 'I think
    nipple clamps are great, don't you, Kryztal?' Hal laughed as she wriggled
    and moved but it just made her breasts move all the more.   
'I'm
    going to have fun,' he said, suddenly close to her ear, fingers roughly kneading
    her breasts, 'and I don't give a fuck if you do. It's my dime and I'm having
    fun.   
Caroline
    yelped into the gag as two fingers pushed into her pussy, moving deep and
    searching. 'You  are   a
    pain slut,' he murmured, 'you're so wet.'   
I'm
      wet  , Caroline asked herself,  I'm
      enjoying this  ?   
Whistling,
    he removed something from the drawers and Caroline felt him buckle a wide
    strap around her waist, sliding it between her skin and the cushion, pulling
    it cruelly tight. A vibrator slipped into her pussy, moved in and out in
    a slow maddening rhythm and then was suddenly removed while fingers pushed
    something wet and cold on her bottom.  No  ,
    she silently screamed,  not
    that, please not that, not my bottom!   
The
    vibrator began its relentless journey into her anus while Caroline gurgled
    and spluttered into her gag, drool escaping from her desperate lips. Suddenly,
    she felt a second vibrator slipping easily into her pussy and she was so
    full, so violated. The vibrators hummed into life and Hal connected another
    strap to the belt around her waist, jerked it between her legs and fastened
    it back to the belt, keeping the two pulsing vibrators securely in place.   
Hal
    moved to the front, shoved his cock deep into her mouth that was held open
    by the gag and began to fuck her face. 'Make me happy, baby,' he said warningly,
    'or you'll regret it. Come on, lick and suck.'   
Tears
    were forming in her eyes. Her bits and bottom throbbed to the vibrators,
    her nipples painfully aware of the clamps, and Caroline desperately began
    to suck and lick her husband's cock with a vigour she had never before shown.   
'Pathetic,'
    he said succinctly, removing his cock and jerking the clamps from her nipples
    in one swift movement.   
The
    pain was enormous, worse than when he applied the clamps, and Caroline shrieked
    into the gag, her body rigid with the pain, her head turning from side to
    side while she tried to ignore the waves of agony.   
Blinking
    the tears from her eyes, she saw his cock was in front of her face. 'Try
    again, bitch,' he said softly.   
Caroline
    lunged for that cock, bringing her head over to it as quickly as she could
    before he did anything else to her. Hal slipped the cock into her mouth and
    smiled as she slavishly licked and sucked, trying to make him come so he
    would stop, leave her alone, anything!   
'You
    are the worst cock sucker I have ever met,' he said, removing his cock and
    walked to the drawers, ignoring Caroline's gurgling pleas.   
He
    returned with a strange device, a stubby handle that had many straps of leather
    attached to it and she stared at it, eyes wide, as he laughed quietly.   
For
    the next twenty minutes he relentlessly used the flogger over her ass and
    back while the vibrators churned within her. Her muffled screams of pain
    became pleas of desire as her skin glowed red.   
On
    and on, he flogged &ndash; her bottom, her thighs, her back, nowhere was
    safe, and Caroline felt as if she was just one moaning animal of lust, trying
    to move her clit against the leather of the belt that was tightly fastened
    over her crotch. For the first time, Caroline's entire body was alive with
    lust and connected to sex. The lid to Pandora's box was ajar.   
Hal
    dropped the flogger on the bed and surveyed his handiwork. The slut's skin
    was red hot and he unfastened the leather straps and laughed as the vibrator
    in her pussy immediately slipped out, lying glistening on the bed. With another
    laugh, he jerked the vibrator out of her bottom and Caroline moaned into
    the gag, the bedclothes wet from her saliva.   
Without
    any thought or concern for her, he fucked her and fucked her hard.  Touch
    my clit  , Caroline silently
    pleaded,  please  ,
    but Hal ignored her clit and focused on her cunt, ramming that large cock
    of his in and out.   
Almost
    casually, he pulled out, leaving her vacant and empty, wanting more and,
    walking around, pushed his cock into her mouth. 'Last chance,' he whispered
    and she desperately sucked, tasting herself on his cock.   
With
    a grunt, Hal came and his cum flooded her mouth while he forced her to continue,
    forced her to swallow until he finally pulled out, leaving her still face
    hanging down, his semen trickling through the hole in the gag, dripping on
    her dangling breasts   
In
    a daze, desperately wanting to cum herself and still tasting his cum, she
    heard Hal dress and then saw dollar bills flutter onto the bed next to her
    head. 'There you go, pain slut,' he laughed.   
Hal
    turned to go but then returned as if he had thought of something and Caroline
    felt his fingers on her bits, feeling something hard being forced inside
    her. It was bigger than the vibrator and filled her, making her want so much
    more.   
He
    was chuckling as he left and Caroline felt something light caress her thighs
    and ass.  He's inserted the
    handle of that whip thingy in me  ,
    she realised with horror and shame,  he's
    left it there for them to see  .   
At
    that point, Caroline really wanted to die. It was an intense contradiction
    that she also wanted desperately to cum, that she was vibrantly and sexually
    alive.   
A
    short time later, Breanne, accompanied by Zoe, entered and calmly unstrapped
    the gag from around Caroline's head. Gratefully, Caroline began to flex her
    jaws as the hood was unlocked and removed, as was the wig and skullcap.   
Breanne
    put the items on the chest of drawers while the other woman released Caroline's
    ankles and wrist. 'I'll let you get that out,' she said with a smile, pointing
    at the flogger that poked from Caroline.   
Face
    bright red, Caroline gently pulled it from her glistening wet bits and dropped
    it with disgust on the bed.   
Groaning
    and wincing with pain, Caroline shakily got to her feet as Breanne put her
    clothes on the bed. 'There's a bathroom there,' she said, pointing at a small
    door Caroline had not noticed before. 'Be quick, we have to get the room
    ready for the next client.'   
Caroline
    tottered into the bathroom. Her entire body was aching; her back, her bits
    and bottom and especially her nipples, which felt as if they were on fire.
    Her face felt as if the gag had mashed it and her bottom cheeks were burning.
    'Oh, no,' she murmured when she saw the red marks over her back and bottom,
    'how will I ever explain these?'   
Bea,
    flanked by the other two women, was waiting for her when she reluctantly
    emerged from the bathroom, hair wet from the shower and walking gingerly.   
Unable
    to look Bea in the eye, Caroline looked around for her handbag, saw it, and
    picked it up. 'I put his tip in your bag,' Bea smiled coldly, 'hookers always
    want their money.'   
'You
    bitch,' Caroline said quietly, eyes lowered, just wanting to get out of the
    room.   
'I
    wonder what Hal would think if he knew he had shoved the handle of a flogger
    into his wife's cunt after flogging her? Oh, don't worry,' Bea sneered when
    she saw Caroline's face go white at the thought, 'it will be our little secret.
    I imagine it would be difficult for you both to go on with your marriage
    when all your dirty secrets were out. How would you smile sweetly at each
    other over the breakfast table if you both knew? Pass the orange juice dear,
    and why did you push that flogger handle in my cunt last night?' Bea found
    that hilarious and laughed loudly.   
'Fuck
    you,' Caroline said, pushing past.   
'I
    think you were the one who got fucked,' Bea laughed, 'and I think you liked
    it.' The other women grinned when they saw Caroline's face flush. 'Give me
    a call if you want to come back, Kryztal,' Bea mocked, 'we've always got
    a slot on our roster for a pain slut!' Caroline slammed the door behind her.   
Resisting
    the urge to rub her smarting bottom through her skirt, she walked gingerly
    to the street, searching for a cab and wondering how she was going to hide
    the marks from Hal. She had no idea what would happen if Hal realised that
    Caroline knew of his activities and had even witnessed them first hand &ndash; really
    first hand.   
It
    was a hateful experience she had endured but despite all her faults, Caroline
    actually loved Hal and believed, no,  hoped  ,
    he still loved her.   
I
      never knew he was such a dominating man  ,
      she thought, searching the street for a cab,  so
      rough and powerful  .  It's
      a pity  , the thought slipped
      into her mind,  that he
      didn't let me cum  .   
'Taxi!'   
End Kryztal Part
      1 (of 10 Parts)  
  Carmenica Diaz &copy; 2004   
Kryztal Part 2 (of
      10 Parts)  
  Carmenica Diaz &copy; 2004   
Kryztal Part 2:   Kryztal
      is available  .   
Caroline
    didn't return to the office. Instead, after a long bath to totally remove
    the scent and feel of the oil on her body - something the quick shower hadn't
    been able to do - she wondered desperately how she would conceal the marks.   
Standing
    naked in the bathroom, Caroline examined herself carefully, particularly
    the red marks that covered her back and bottom.  He
    really walloped me  , she
    thought wonderingly,  really
    laid into me like he didn't care. Of course  ,
    she reminded herself,  he
    didn't care. In his mind, I was just a slut called Kryztal.   
Her
    nipples were sore, as were her bits and bottom. Her fingers hovered over
    her clit, and it would be so easy to lie on the bed and cum at last, to find
    sexual relief, but she didn't because she just didn't want to use her vibrator
    so soon after those  othe  r
    vibrators had been used on her. A small voice inside her also stated that
    if Caroline did masturbate, it would be completely unsatisfying alone.  Why
    did all that sick stuff make me so hot  ?   
It
    had taken some scrubbing to remove the fake tattoo and that in itself had
    hurt as the stiff bristles rubbed over her stinging bottom. Through gritted
    teeth, she stoically bore the pain as she removed the last piece of evidence
    that she had once been Kryztal.   
She
    lavished perfume on herself in an effort to remove the last lingering traces
    of the oil and then hunted through her drawers for an old pair of pyjamas
    she had received as a gift a few years ago. They were a little big and baggy
    in silver satin material covered with plump red hearts. Hal hated them, said
    they were frumpy and definitely not sexy, so she never wore them.   
Hopefully  ,
    Caroline thought as she adjusted her hair,  Hal
    wouldn't want sex tonight  .
    For a fleeting moment, she was jealous of Kryztal but she thrust the entire
    episode from her mind.  I
    just have to be a better wife,   Caroline
    told herself,  so he won't
    need to go to horrible places like that again.   
Hal
    was going to be late as he had a client meeting, or so he had told Caroline.
    Of course, she was now immediately suspicious of everything he had ever told
    her. Slipping into bed, snapping off the light the moment she heard his BMW
    pull in, Caroline pretended to be asleep while asking herself over and over
    again,  What's wrong with
    me? Why aren't I enough for my husband? How can he love me and go to a place
    like that? Perhaps,   a pervasive
    voice whispered in her mind  ,
    he doesn't love you and, honestly, do you really love him?   
Hal
    stood in the dark bedroom, silhouetted by the door and whispered, 'Are you
    awake, honey?' He was rewarded by silence and deep breathing and he silently
    closed the door, slipping into the living room for a drink, telling himself
    with a grin that Caroline must have had a hard day in court.   
Caroline
    heard the door close, wiped the soft tears from her eyes and tried to go
    to sleep, hoping to dream of a fluffy and safe world where she was still
    in control and people were nice to each other and  nobody   knew
    what a flogger was! And husbands and wives loved each other and dreamed of
    white picket fences.   
When
    her eyes flickered open as morning light filtered through the Roman blinds,
    Caroline heard Hal's deep breathing behind her, his body pressing against
    hers and she immediately felt his morning erection.  Well  ,
    she thought savagely as she pulled the covers back and ran to the bathroom,  he
    can fix that without me  !   
After
    going to the toilet, she tiptoed back in to select underwear including a
    full slip as well as a robe, and then locked the bathroom door behind her.  The
    marks are fading  , she tried
    to convince herself as she studied her bottom,  and
    they'll be gone soon  . Her
    bits were still sore, the thought of having sex made her wince and she flinched
    when she experimentally touched her nipples.   
He
      enjoys doing that stuff  ,
      Caroline wondered,  why
      does he  ? It was an obvious
      question, but Caroline ignored the more obvious one: why was she still
      brimming with unfulfilled sexual desire, why did constant images of what
      he had done to her flicker within her mind and continue to stimulate her?   
Hal
    was awake when she slipped back in fresh from her shower, smelling sweet,
    head down and holding the robe closed primly at her throat.   
He
    smiled and patted the bed. 'Come back to bed, honey,' he said, pulling the
    sheet back to display his rigid cock, 'I've got something for you.'   
God,
      he's an animal! If he thinks I'm going to let him after what he did to
      me!   But, he didn't know
      it was you an inner voice corrected her, did he?  I
      don't care  , Caroline
      argued silently with impeccable female logic,  he
      should have recognised me and rescued me!   But
      then, you wouldn't have been flogged, would you?  I
      don't wish to discuss that  !
      I think you liked it, I  know   you
      liked it!   
'I
    can't,' she mumbled, ducking into her walk-in wardrobe, looking through the
    rows and rows of dresses and suits, 'I have an early meeting,' she called
    out with what she hoped was a cheerful voice.   
Dressed
    in a charcoal skirt and jacket, peach blouse and dark stockings she emerged
    to find Hal still grinning, a cold glimmer within his eyes, and still with
    an erection. 'You sure, honey?'   
'Yes,'
    she said, dropping her heels onto the polished floor and carefully stepping
    into them.   
'Okay.'   
There
    was something in the way he said it that made Caroline look up. There was
    obvious disappointment evident in his voice but there was something else,
    something that made Caroline suspect that Hal was thinking of visiting Bea's.  God
    no! Not that bitch and her sluts  !   
It
    was a simple part of her character that Caroline didn't like to lose and
    her competitive streak took over.  There
    was no way he was going back there!   Caroline
    sat on the bed and smiled at her husband. 'Maybe I've got time to help,'
    she said softly, sliding her hand under the sheet and gently wrapping her
    fingers around his cock.   
Hal
    moaned softly as she slowly began to tug his cock, sliding the foreskin up
    and down. Jesus,' he said, lying back, the sheet falling to one side and
    Caroline looked at his naked body, the firm stomach and chiselled chest,
    strong arms and, of course, the rigid cock that pulsed in both her hands.   
He
    opened his eyes lazily to look at her and Caroline smiled and then pouted,
    'You don't like it?' Her fingers kept moving softly and he gasped.   
'I
    love it,' he said and his eyes widened as Caroline smiled, leaned over and
    took the head of his cock in her mouth, her glossy red lips closing over
    it, sucking. He stared at her, dressed in her formal business attire, legs
    sleek in nylon and so cool and professionally dressed and yet she was sucking
    his cock. It had been a fantasy of his for some time and now it was real.   
'Ooh,'
    he moaned and he came quickly, spurting in her mouth. To his surprise, she
    swallowed his cum and licked his cock. As he lay panting, she placed his
    cock gently on his thigh, demurely wiped her lips with a corner of the sheet
    and smiled at him. 'You've never done that before,' he whispered, 'Come here,'
    he said, reaching for her to kiss her and as he did, Caroline thought,  well,
    I actually have done it before but it was after you flogged me!   
As
    Caroline drove to the office, still tasting the mouthwash residue in her
    mouth, she admitted she felt rather sexy and sensual. More importantly, Caroline
    felt desired and that she had satisfied her man.  Perhaps
    he does love me,   she told
    herself,  maybe I'm imagining
    things  .   
After
    a few days, the red marks had disappeared sufficiently for Caroline to believe
    they would soon be gone. A few small bruises would remain visible for a few
    more days and she had no idea how to explain those. Also, her pubic hair
    would take a long time before it had grown enough for her to allow Hal to
    see her naked and make love - in the dark of course.  When
    it's long enough  , she planned,  I'll
    just tell him I trimmed it for a new swimsuit or something. That is,   she
    thought petulantly  , if he
    asks. Apparently, he doesn't notice anything about me!   
Caroline
    was obsessed with making sure she gave Hal a hand job or a blowjob every
    day. Hal frankly thought it was weird and a little mechanical of her, but
    accepted them gladly. When he suggested they make love, Caroline desperately
    claimed 'women's troubles' and he shrugged and allowed her to suck him again.
    At that point, Caroline actually did have her period but she continued with
    'women's troubles' after the 'visitor' had left. Caroline's objective, her
    obsession, was to get him to cum so he wouldn't call Bea. Perhaps also, it
    was a way of proving to herself that her doubts were false, that she did
    love him.   
 Of
    course, she didn't cum herself and was a bubbling inner sea of sexual discontent.
    And she had never bought so many bottles of mouthwash in her life and she
    had them scattered everywhere &ndash; in the car, in her office, in all the
    bathrooms and even carried a small one in her handbag.   
Walking
    down the corridor to her office, Caroline passed Royale and smiled hello.
    Royale was a softly spoken black woman from Baton Rouge and, although she
    and Caroline were friendly, they had never developed a deep friendship. It
    was never discussed by either of them but it was, Caroline felt, because
    Royale had kind of stepped into her shoes.   
Hal
    had engaged the legal firm Caroline worked for and she had begun to work
    with him, and that was when the attraction began. After they were married,
    the firm allocated a new lawyer, Royale, to work with Hal's company.   
 Jo,
    Caroline's secretary buzzed her and said 'Bea Rutledge is on line two, Mrs
    Blaine.'   
Steeling
    herself, Caroline picked the telephone up and said coldly, 'Yes?'   
'How's
    that handsome husband of yours, Caroline?' Bea asked nastily and Caroline
    could imagine her smiling as she said it.   
'He's
    been in New York for a week,' she answered coolly, 'he won't be back until
    next week.'   
'Apparently,
    he's arranged an interim flying visit,' Bea said smoothly, 'he called me
    to ask if Kryztal was available tomorrow.'   
'What?'
    Caroline's world collapsed, heart pounded loudly and the hand that now held
    the telephone as if it was a hissing serpent, trembled.   
'I
    think you heard. Well,' Bea snapped after a moment of leaden silence, 'is
    Kryztal available?'   
Caroline
    stared at that hateful telephone.  He
    was going back to Bea's  ,
    she thought miserably,  after
    all those hand jobs and blowjobs, he's still going back! One week away from
    me and he runs to Bea! I'm not enough for him! He doesn't love me!   
And,
    a tiny voice whispered,  he
    wants Kryztal! If you say no, Bea will set him up with some other slut, do
    you want him with another woman?   And
    then that tiny voice snickered and asked,   Don't
    you want to be Kryztal again? Do you remember what it felt like? And you
    do so need to cum.   
'Yes,'
    Caroline whispered, 'Kryztal is available.'   
'Tomorrow
    at two and it would be helpful if you shaved and didn't wear all the jewellery.
    I run a volume business and it takes time to get you ready, and time is money!'   
'I'll
    prepare,' she murmured, wondering if she was about to cry.   
Caroline
    hung up and called Jo in to rearrange all her appointments for the next day.
    'Is everything okay, Mrs Blaine?' Jo asked and Caroline tried a weak smile.   
'Yes,
    I'm just a little off colour.'   
She
    didn't sleep that well that night, tossing and turning with strange dreams.
    One of the dreams stayed with her when she woke, it had been so vivid. Caroline
    had been dragged naked and in chains to the centre of the colosseum in ancient
    Rome and it was full of jeering Romans in their togas as she was flogged
    by a huge muscular man with a metal mask and then given to the lions. Instead
    of eating her, the lions mounted her and fucked her to the applause of the
    crowd and thumbs up from the emperor.   
Caroline
    went to the office for the morning and then returned home to prepare. After
    removing her makeup and taking a long hot shower to remove all traces of
    her signature perfume, she sat on the toilet and gently lathered her pubic
    region. Carefully, Caroline shaved herself and stared at her bald crotch.  It
    will take ages to grow,   she
    moaned silently,  I'm right
    back where I started.   
Dressed
    in jeans, sneakers and jacket and wearing dark glasses, Caroline took a cab
    to Bea's. She had left all her jewellery at home, wound her hair close to
    her skull in a flat bun and wore no makeup.  No
    one,   she told herself,  would
    recognise me if they saw me like this  .
    That thought, and the thought of what she was doing, gave her an illicit
    and deep thrill.   
In
    the back of the cab, Caroline stared at the traffic sliding past, normal
    people going about their normal and mundane lives while she&hellip;well,
    what she was doing was definitely not normal. That made it all the more puzzling
    why she had been seized by a low throbbing sexual desire since she had agreed
    to be Kryztal once again.   
Breanne
    silently showed her to different room with some sort of pulley device attached
    to the ceiling, a ceiling that was also covered with a mirror. She looked
    around and couldn't see a bed, just the dreaded chest of drawers, and a door
    to what she guessed was the bathroom and a long black leather sofa.   
'I'm
    surprised to see you again,' Breanne said flatly, 'but I guess you know what
    you're doing. Do you want to get ready?'   
Caroline
    warily looked at Breanne, who studied her calmly, arms folded. Sighing, Caroline
    kicked her sneakers off, slipped her jeans, jacket and top off and dropped
    them on the sofa. Breanne scooped them up and waited for the plain white
    underwear Caroline had chosen. Somehow, wearing sensual lingerie to this
    event was tacky, almost dirty, and definitely absurd.   
Trying
    to be haughty and disdainful, which is rather difficult to achieve naked
    in front of someone who is fully clothed, Caroline tossed her bra and panties
    onto the sofa and watched as Breanne scooped them up.   
'The
    wig and other stuff is in the bottom drawer, Kryztal,' she said with a sad
    smile and left with the clothes.   
Caroline
    snapped the skullcap tightly over her head and then slid the bright red wig
    on. She had to grudgingly admit, it did kind of suit her in a brash way and
    she pulled it into a long ponytail. A tube of lip-gloss was also in the drawer,
    in that absurdly bright orange colour, Caroline noticed, that only sluts
    would wear. Shrugging her shoulders, she applied the lip-gloss and smacked
    her lips at her reflection.  Wish
    I had some eye shadow  ,
    she found herself thinking,  I
    could make my eyes slutty as well  .   
The
    flesh coloured plastic paste was also there and she bent over and smoothed
    it carefully over her birthmark. While it was drying, Caroline removed a
    leather hood from the drawer and put it on, leaving it undone at the back.  I
    look like catwoman  , she
    laughed at the reflection in the mirror spite of herself,  it's
    even got little ears! How could men find that sexy?   The
    hood enclosed her head with large holes for her eyes and mouth and smaller
    holes over her nostrils but left her mouth free and fastened around the throat.   
Breanne
    returned and nonchalantly tossed Caroline a bottle of the oil. 'I'll do your
    back,' she said, showing Caroline the other container she carried.   
Caroline
    rubbed the exotically perfumed oil on her breasts, legs, arms and stomach
    while Breanne smoothed it in on her back and bottom. 'You've still got a
    few marks from last time,' Breanne observed but Caroline icily ignored her.   
Gleaming
    in the light, Caroline inspected herself in the mirror while Breanne arranged
    her ponytail through the hole in the back of the hood and then locked it
    tight.   
Bea
    strode in and Caroline glared at her through the hood, hands on hips. 'Kryztal,'
    Bea said with a mocking smile, 'how nice of you to come.'   
Caroline
    turned back to the mirror, hoping Bea would take the hint. Breanne knelt
    and applied the tattoo transfer to her left bottom. 'Let me cut to the chase,
    Kryztal,' Bea snapped, 'it's forty percent for you and sixty for me, I cover
    all overheads. Last time, I kept it all, call it a tuition fee.'   
Caroline
    whirled on her angrily. 'Forty percent? What are you talking about? What
    do you think I am&hellip;'   
'I
    think we know what you are,' Bea said mildly, lighting one of her pink cigarettes.
    ' You get forty percent and any tip he leaves.'   
'Do
    you have to smoke that thing in here?' Caroline snapped. 'It smells like
    burning rubber!'   
Breanne
    grinned at that and then quickly formed a blank expression when Bea glared
    down at her. 'If you don't want the forty percent, fine!' Bea snapped.   
'Forty
    percent of what?' Caroline demanded.   
Bea
    slyly smiled. 'How much for an hour with Kryztal? Five.'   
'Five?
    Five what?'   
'Five
    thousand dollars.'   
Caroline
    suddenly felt weak and steadied herself with a hand to the chest of drawers.
    'Hal pays five thousand dollars?'   
'No,
    he gets a discount because he recommends so many of his clients. Hal only
    pays two and a half. It's a bargain,' Bea added maliciously as she swept
    out the door.   
Caroline
    was stunned and Breanne held up the ring gag. 'You don't want him to hear
    your voice, do you?' Caroline shook her head and meekly accepted the gag.
    Breanne locked it tight and then locked leather cuffs with large metal rings
    on Caroline's wrists and ankles.   
Breanne
    pressed a button and four chains with hooks on the end slowly lowered from
    the ceiling. Caroline looked desperately at Breanne, questions alive in her
    eyes, but Breanne ignored her, fastening one hook to each wrist and ankle.   
The
    chains smoothly retracted into the ceiling and in a matter of minutes, Caroline
    was suspended horizontally in mid air, staring up at her reflection in the
    mirror above her. The chains pulled her arms and legs out so she was in a
    star shape, her breasts falling to the side, head hanging back and her crotch
    exposed and open.   
'Have
    fun,' Breanne said sadly and turned down the lights before closing the door
    behind her.   
It
    was difficult for Kryztal to keep her head from falling back and utterly
    embarrassing when she looked up and saw her naked reflection in the ceiling
    mirror. The gag was beginning to hurt already and Kryztal wondered how long
    she would have to hang like this.   
She
    didn't have to wait long. The door opened and Hal stepped inside, nonchalantly
    dropping his coat over the back of the sofa like he was in his own place.   
His
    face was alive with a cold smile, one that Kryztal had never seen before,
    and his eyes glittered as he inspected her, examined her like she was a piece
    of meat he had just bought.  In
    a way  , Kryztal told herself,  he
    had,   and she tried to remain
    calm, to keep the fear that was surging within her under control.   
'Ah,'
    he said softly, bending over so his face filled the eyeholes of the hood,
    'Kryztal, I just couldn't get you out of my mind, thinking about what I would
    do to you if I got the opportunity again.' Hal laughed and walked to the
    control panel. 'I want you at the correct height,' he said. The pulleys whirred
    and Kryztal felt herself being lifted.   
Hal
    stood with his groin level with Kryztal's face. 'That's better,' he said,
    'now, let's check the other end.' Kryztal looked up at her reflection and
    saw Hal was standing between her legs, his groin inches from her pussy. 'Just
    right,' he said, looking up at the reflection on the ceiling and grinning.   
She
    heard him at the chest of drawers and her heart sank. Moments later he was
    leering down at her and Kryztal began to struggle and gurgle in the gag when
    she saw the nipple clamps in his hands.   
Laughing,
    he squeezed her left breast firmly and sucked hard on her nipple, his teeth
    dragging across it, teasing it until he let it go and snapped the clamp closed
    on it.   
He
    stood with his arms calmly folded, his Ralph Lauren tie loose at his collar
    while she bucked on the swing, eyes wide and spluttering in her gag. 'The
    other one looks lonely,' Hal laughed, walked around and the same procedure
    was applied to her right nipple.   
Tears
    were gathering in her eyes from the pain and she knew it would be worse,
    much worse, when he removed them. Her eyes bulged when she saw him in the
    reflection standing between her legs, fingers touching her lips with one
    hand and a clamp in the other.  No  ,
    she silently screamed,  no,
    please, please, not that  !
    But all Hal heard was a rising crescendo of unintelligible squeaks, which
    he completely ignored, and calmly pulled the sensitive skin of her pussy
    out to gain purchase between forefinger and thumb, and then snapped the clamp
    shut.   
The
    two intimate clamps were attached and Kryztal was writhing on the swing,
    rocking back and forth, tears flowing from her eyes, perspiration building
    under the hood and salt beginning to sting her eyes. Strangely, it didn't
    hurt as much as her nipples but at the back of her mind, she wondered what
    it would feel like when he removed them and the blood flowed back.   
As
    Kryztal rocked back and forth in her own world, Hal casually undressed and
    soon presented his hard cock to Kryztal's mouth, which was forcibly held
    open by the gag. He began to fuck her face and then stopped, positioning
    her and then rocking her back and forth on the suspension so she was sliding
    up and down his cock. 'I think I'll patent this,' he chuckled, 'the automatic
    face fuck.'   
He
    withdrew his cock and walked to the drawers. A moment later, Kryztal heard
    that now familiar whistling of the flogger and was blinded by white-hot pain
    as he whipped it over her bits. Sobbing into the gag, Kryztal rocked back
    and forth, trying to escape the small stings and he laughed. The clamps were
    suddenly removed and the rush of blood stung but, thankfully, didn't hurt
    as much as she knew the nipple clamps would when they were removed. The thought
    occurred to her that she was getting used to the pain, that she didn't feel
    it as sharply as the previous time.   
Hal
    adjusted the controls of the pulleys and Kryztal felt the chains holding
    her arms begin to rise while the ones connected to her ankles began to fall.
    In a matter of seconds, she was upright, swinging gently from her arms and
    her toes about six inches from the floor.   
'Beautiful,'
    Hal said, looking at her glistening body as it swung gently before him. Kryztal
    blinked furiously through the hood, trying to clear her eyes from the stinging
    perspiration and saw Hal was naked, his cock hard, and was tapping the flogger
    in one hand while he watched her.   
Standing
    behind her, he began to flog her and Kryztal writhed on the chains as he
    methodically flogged her bottom and back. Salvia dripped from her mouth as
    she futilely attempted to form words, to scream, to protest &ndash; anything!
    But still he flogged until his own body was glistening with perspiration
    in the amber light.   
Kryztal
    saw the flogger suddenly fly past her as Hal tossed it towards the sofa and
    she hung, head down, sobbing into the gag and trying to regain her breath.
    She was deep in a space she had never visited, the world had slowed down
    and her body was becoming numb while her clit throbbed with need, a need
    that was becoming desperate.   
 He
    stood in front of her again and her eyes bulged when she saw he had a long
    thin cane in his hand and a cruel smile on his face. 'I'm going to give you
    three strokes,' he said calmly. Kryztal wanted to scream at him, to beg,
    anything! 'These canes can break your skin and mark you badly,' he said in
    that southern accent Kryztal had once thought had sounded so soft and sexy.
    'I don't give a fuck if it does mark you, but you probably you do. Listen.'
    He swung the cane through the air and Kryztal heard the whistling sound it
    made. 'My advice is that when you hear that, you swing forward, to minimise
    the stroke.'   
No  ,
    Kryztal screamed in her gag,  please
    oh please, don't!   
Hal
    watched her and said, 'I don't know why they insist on locking that gag on
    you. Next time, I'll ask them not to, I'd like to hear your special little
    begging, baby.'   
He
    walked behind her and Kryztal listened intently and jerked forward frantically
    when she heard that awful whistling noise. The gag muffled most of her scream
    as the white-hot slash of pain cut across her bottom, but Hal smiled at the
    noises Kryztal was uttering. She danced frantically on the chains like a
    deranged puppet, trying to minimise the pain, but to her at that moment,
    everything in her world consisted of one agonising moment of a blistering,
    slicing pain.   
Sobbing,
    Kryztal tried to listen for the second.  It
    was the second, wasn't it? God, when was this torture going to be over? Don't
    hurt me, please don't hurt me!   
She
    managed to swing forward the moment the awful sound of the cane reached her
    ears and writhed in burning agony on the chains, rocking and sobbing incoherently,
    her breasts rising and falling as she gasped for air against the pain.   
The
    third stroke was fast in coming, she wasn't really prepared and it felt like
    someone had cut her skin with a knife that had been heated in a furnace.
    Tears were rolling freely out of the bottom of the hood and she didn't even
    realise that Hal had adjusted the chains and she was horizontal again.   
Looking
    up at her reflection, Hal standing casually between her legs, it took a moment
    to realise he was fucking her, casually using her while she hung there. It
    was a shock to realise she hadn't even felt him slide in, that he was using
    her as casually as a college boy jerks off before classes.   
Kryztal's
    eyes stared up at the reflection, wondering if she would see blood dripping
    from her slashed bottom. He smacked her stomach as he fucked her but it didn't
    hurt, it was really nothing compared to the caning.   
'You're
    so fucking wet. You really are a pain slut,' he murmured and Kryztal wondered
    if she heard an admiring tone within that devil's voice, perhaps even surprise.
    'There's something I want to try,' Hal said, smiling up at the reflection
    while snapping a latex glove over his hand. 'You see my hand? I want to get
    this into your juicy cunt, right up to here,' he said, tapping his wrist
    and Kryztal was horrified.   
'And
    you're going to help me,' Hal said as he coated the glove with lubricant.
    'If you don't,' he said coldly, 'I will give you ten strokes with the cane
    across your back. You'll be like a zebra for months.'   
The
    implications of what he said hit her like a ton of bricks.  I
    have to try, I have to,   Kryztal
    told herself,  women have
    babies, I can do it!   The
    thought of ten strokes with the cane made her shudder.   
Kryztal
    felt Hal's fingers inside her.  Was
    it two fingers  , she wondered,  he
    has such big hands, was it two  ?   
She
    squinted up at the reflection and saw he was moving his fingers in and out
    and  God, it felt good  !
    'Okay,' she heard him say as he bent low over her, 'that's four fingers.'   
Four
      fingers  , her mind screamed,  impossible!   But
      she felt full, felt owned.   
'Okay,
    slut,' he said calmly, 'start rocking and fucking my hand so I can get my
    thumb in. Or, maybe you want the cane?'   
Frantically,
    Kryztal began to rock, to move back and forth and she was fascinated by the
    lewd image in the mirror as it looked like she was fucking his hand. Back
    and forth, back and forth and deeper and deeper.  God  ,
    she moaned into the gag,  this
    feels wonderful, so full, so big  !   
Somewhere
    in the dark recesses of her mind, Kryztal heard Hal laugh in victory but
    she didn't care. Then, pain hit her nipples as he ripped the clamps from
    her and she bucked and rolled on his hand, eyes widening when she saw in
    the mirror he had his hand in her to his wrist.   
It
    hit her like a tidal wave and she was full of wet hot desire.  Please  ,
    she begged into the gag,  please
    let me cum  !   
But
    he didn't understand and probably didn't care as he slowly removed his hand,
    pulling her cunt open to allow air in so he could free that hand, that large
    hand. As he flexed his free fingers, he leaned forward and stared at her
    groin, frowned and then a thoughtful expression flickered across his face.   
Kryztal
    felt disappointed, felt empty and discarded, as she lay suspended, head back,
    fake red hair hanging in the space as Hal walked around her and thrust his
    cock into her mouth.   
Dully,
    she sucked him and dutifully accepted his cum. She was used to it now and
    just wanted to get it over with. Hal dressed in silence, spilled dollar notes
    on her stomach and left, the door slamming behind him.   
Breanne
    took her down and removed the cuffs, hood and gag while Caroline tried to
    flex her aching muscles. Gathering her courage, she turned to the mirror
    and examined her back. Three red stripes could be seen across her bottom
    while the rest of her skin was flushed from the flogger.   
How
      do I explain this  , she
      worried, head in her hands,  how
      do I  ?   
Caroline
    didn't bother with a shower and dressed in her clothes that were offered
    by Breanne. She wanted to get out of there as quickly as she could and didn't
    protest when Breanne pushed a wad of notes, plus the notes left by Hal, into
    her handbag.   
Her
    body hurt with every step she took towards the street and she hoped that
    Hal was sticking to his publicised itinerary of being in New York for another
    week. She wanted time alone, time to think this all through, time to make
    some decisions.   
As
    she rode home in the cab, her bottom and bits hurting every time she moved
    on the car seat, she wondered dismally what she was going to do.  This  ,
    she told herself,  can't go
    on. Kryztal has to go and we have to talk this through. If it ends in divorce  ,
    Caroline sighed,  so be it  .   
Caroline
    stared at the 'normal' world through her dark glasses and hoped she would
    get home before she began to cry.   
End Kryztal Part
      2 (of 10 Parts)  
  Carmenica Diaz &copy; 2004   
Kryztal Part 3 (of
      10 Parts)  
  Carmenica Diaz &copy; 2004   
Kryztal Part 3:     The
      genie has been let out of the bottle.      
Caroline
    gingerly undressed while she ran a hot bath. She felt confused; there was
    no doubt she hurt all over but, even though she tried to ignore it, the fact
    was she was also sexually alive.  The
    genie  , Caroline thought
    ruefully,  has been let out
    of the bottle  .  How
    were she and Hal  , she wondered,  going
    to get through this without a divorce? Maybe a divorce is the answer, we're
    both not happy, maybe it's the only solution  ?   
Staring
    at her face in the mirror, Caroline rehearsed what she would say to Hal.
    'Hal darling, I know you've been paying large amounts of money to flog, hurt
    and fuck other women. Honey, we have to talk.' It sounded too stupid for
    words. 'By the way honey, remember Kryztal, the one whom you put your whole
    hand into her thingy? Well, that was me.' Caroline blushed when she said
    it and turned away from the mirror.   
Her
    body still shone from the oil and Caroline took a hand mirror to fully examine
    her bits as she crouched on the tiled floor. Even squatting hurt like hell
    and she stared at her gaping bits.  Did
    he really get his whole hand in there  ,
    she wondered,  did I really
    fuck his entire hand  ? The
    thought of it, the memory, made her weak and she groaned as she stood up.   
Bending
    over, she tried to see what damage had been done to her bottom and gasped
    when she saw the three red stripes criss-crossing her cheeks.  How
    did he manage to hit me so well  ,
    she puzzled,  when I was moving
    so much  ? It was a shock
    like ice water thrown on her when she came to the conclusion that he had
    done it before, that he had practised on some other poor girl!   
It
    was then she noticed that one of the stripes had split the fake tattoo and
    half of 'Pain Slut' had vanished, leaving only the word 'Slut'. Her back
    was flushed with red marks from the flogging and she felt vaguely proud she
    had been able to withstand the onslaught; that, somehow, she had survived.  Maybe  ,
    Caroline guiltily mused,  maybe,
    I am a pain slut.   
The
    bath was heaven for her aching limbs and Caroline almost fell asleep. Again
    and again Caroline drained cool water out of the bath and added more hot,
    sighing every time she lay back, closing her eyes. Hours later, she emerged
    pink and wrinkled, wrapped herself in a large towel and slowly walked through
    the house as if Caroline was making sure it was all the same, that nothing
    in her  normal   life
    had changed.   
Wandering
    through the kitchen, Caroline briefly considering eating something but decided
    that, at that moment, she couldn't stand the thought of food. It was still
    early but she was exhausted.   
After
    rubbing some cream onto her poor bottom, Caroline retrieved her pyjamas with
    the plump red hearts and collapsed into bed, falling immediately into a deep
    but troubled sleep.   
Waking
    early, Caroline groaned as she moved but, gritting her teeth, managed to
    walk across the room to go to the bathroom. The stripes were still there
    - it hadn't been a bad dream, it was reality.   
Caroline
    sniffed her arm and thought she could still smell the oil so she had a long
    hot shower, groaning and sighing as the steamy water touched her back and
    bottom.   
As
    she dressed, there were twinges of pain and discomfort from her bits, bottom
    and back. The bra straps hurt and her panties and pantyhose felt very strange
    indeed over her bottom while her arms and legs felt like she had run a marathon.   
'Good
    morning, Mrs Blaine,' Jo called brightly as Caroline walked gingerly past
    her desk. Jo watched her and asked, 'Are you okay?'   
'Yes,'
    Caroline said through gritted teeth. 'I think I put my back out getting into
    my car,' she lied.   
Jo
    reached for the phone. 'Shall I make an appointment with Doctor Robinson?'   
'No!'
    Caroline said quickly, she couldn't let her doctor examine her! 'No, I'll
    be fine, it's just a twinge,' she said as cheerfully as she could and sighed
    when she collapsed into her chair.   
Somehow
    Caroline survived the day, and the next one after that. Hal didn't call,
    he was, supposedly, still away on his trip, and she didn't call him. Caroline
    didn't know what to say to him, she was still thinking that through, but
    knew she didn't want to discuss it on the telephone.   
'Mr
    Blaine called, Mrs Blaine,' Jo said when Caroline returned from court. 'He
    said he wouldn't be coming back from New York until next week.'   
'Oh,'
    Caroline said, heart pounding. 'Does he want me to call him back?'   
Jo
    shook her head. 'No, he said he'd be rushing to and from meetings all day.'   
'Oh,
    right then,' Caroline said, relieved.   
After
    a week alone, Caroline was feeling much better, almost recovered, and even
    imagined the red stripes on her bottom were beginning to fade.   
One
    evening, she dropped her handbag and keys on the antique dresser in the foyer
    and idly sorted the mail she had retrieved from the letterbox. Then, Caroline
    went straight into the bedroom, unsnapping her bra and sliding her arms through
    the shoulder straps as she walked, kicked her heels off and peeled her pantyhose
    down, tossing them into the hamper with her bra.   
Barefoot,
    Caroline walked into the living room and jumped in surprise when she saw
    Hal seated calmly in his favourite leather armchair, fingers together in
    a steeple as he smiled bleakly.   
'Hello,
    darling,' she said brightly, 'when did you get back?'   
He
    unwound his long frame from the chair and began removing his tie as he walked
    towards her. Dropping the tie on the sofa as he passed it, he said, 'This
    morning,' and then he slapped her.   
She
    reeled back in shock and saw that cold smile he had when he caned Kryztal
    filling his face. His fingers seized her hair and he led her, half dragged
    her, to the dining room.   
'Hal&hellip;'
    Caroline managed to whisper, her hand to her stinging cheek as she followed
    him in a half crouch, dragged by her long hair.   
'Shut
    up,' he said mildly, releasing her hair and pushing her so her bottom was
    pressed against the edge of the long mahogany dining table. Caroline shuddered
    at his smile and the coldness in his eyes as he examined her.   
In
    one quick movement, his large hand gripped the front of her blouse and pulled.
    The expensive cloth ripped, buttons popped, flying through the air as her
    large bra-less breasts swung free.   
Caroline
    opened her mouth - to protest, to scream, something - but didn't get a chance
    as he disdainfully slapped her again. Spinning her around, she was forced
    face down on the table, bent at the waist, and her breasts mashed against
    the polished mahogany.   
His
    fingers jerked her skirt up around her waist and Caroline heard her panties
    tearing as he brutally ripped them from her. She felt his fingers trace the
    remnants of the red stripes and then slid inside her with such urgency that
    Caroline gasped into the tabletop.   
'So
    wet,' he mocked, 'so fucking wet!'   
A
    rustle of clothing and then his cock slammed inside her, pushing her against
    the table, his hand on her back forcing her face down as he fucked her.   
Caroline
    moaned, eyes closed, saliva dribbling onto the polished timber.  God  ,
    she silently screamed,  this
    is so good, so good  !   
His
    cock became still, didn't move, just filled her, teased her and drove her
    crazy, so she tried to move against him, wriggling her bottom, but stopped
    immediately when he spanked it.   
He
    leaned over her, his cock moved slowly inside her, once, twice, and then
    stopped again as Hal's lips pressed against her ear. 'Does Kryztal want to
    cum?' he whispered mockingly and Caroline stiffened.   
He
      knows  , she screamed to
      herself,  he knows  !   
Hal
    moved inside her again, pushing Caroline hard against the tabletop and she
    moaned. 'I saw the birthmark and then I made Bea tell me,' he said softly.
    'We've wasted a lot of time, baby, but we can make up for it now that I know.'   
He
    spanked her bottom again and that coupled with his cock brutally slamming
    in and out made Caroline moan in ecstasy.   
Hal's
    lips were at her ear again. 'Does Kryztal want to come?' he teased. 'Does
    she?'   
'Yes,'
    Kryztal admitted in a low throaty voice, 'yes, please!'   
'Say
    it!'   
'Please
    Hal, let Kryztal&hellip;'   
He
    slapped her bottom hard and she groaned.   
'Not
    Hal &ndash; Sir! Say it!'   
'Please,
    Sir,' Kryztal moaned, 'please let Kryztal cum!'   
His
    large hands seized her hips and pulled her back slightly from the table.
    'Finger yourself, bitch,' he said as he began to fuck her. 'Play with yourself
    while I fuck you!'   
Kryztal
    didn't have to be told again and her fingers slipped between her legs, teasing
    and tweaking while Hal fucked her. She had been on sexual edge for some time
    and it didn't take long.   
Her
    eyes rolled in her head as her face slid back and forth over the polished
    timber and her fingers stroked her clit. 'God!' she screamed and then moaned
    and moaned as Kryztal finally came. The orgasm flooded through her in waves
    and she was so overtaken by it, she didn't even notice when Hal came.   
Kryztal
    lay happily on the table, still bent at the waist, face against the timber
    as Hal's fingers stroked her bottom gently. 'Good girl, Kryztal,' he murmured.   
'Thank
    you, Sir,' she whispered and sighed contentedly.   
Weeks
    later, Jo buzzed Caroline and said, 'Mr Blaine is on line two, Mrs Blaine.'   
'Hello,
    darling,' Caroline said.   
'Hello,
    baby,' his deep voice flooded down the line and Caroline smiled. 'I'm still
    thinking about this morning.'   
Caroline
    flushed. He had told her to kneel in front of him after she had dressed in
    her business suit and she had obeyed, hoping she wouldn't ladder her pantyhose,
    and then sucked him until he came, swallowing it all dutifully.   
He
    had then ordered her to pull her panties and pantyhose down, skirt up, squat
    and use her vibrator until she came nosily. Caroline remembered how he had
    calmly tied his tie as she had grunted and groaned at his feet, choosing
    his cufflinks for his crisp white shirt.   
He
    had ordered her to pull her panties and hose up after she had come, not allowing
    her to wipe herself, and Caroline had driven to work sticky and warm. Cruelly,
    he had also forbidden mouthwash until she arrived at her office so Caroline
    had tasted him all the way.   
Jo
    had looked at her strangely when she found Caroline gargling mouthwash in
    the bathroom. 'Sore throat,' she had guiltily explained and Jo had looked
    at her pointedly, prompting Caroline to wonder if she smelled of sex.   
'That
    dinner party we were supposed to go to has cancelled,' Hal said. 'We have
    the evening to ourselves.'   
'That's
    great. What will we do?'   
He
    paused and Caroline felt herself grow even more sticky when he said slyly,
    'I think Kryztal should come out to play. I have some new toys I'd like to
    try out. Do you think Kryztal wants to come out to play?'   
Caroline
    cleared her throat, thought of the new red wig in her wardrobe and whispered,
    'Yes, I think she does. I think Kryztal wants to play.'   
End Kryztal Part
      3 (of 10 Parts)  
  Carmenica Diaz &copy; 2004   
Kryztal Part 4 (of
      10 Parts)  
  Carmenica Diaz &copy; 2004   
Kryztal Part 4:   A
      small surprise for Kryztal.   
Caroline
    felt a rush of sexual excitement as she began the drive home to the beach.
    Tonight would be the first time that Kryztal appeared at their house, the
    first time that Kryztal would 'play' with 'Sir' at home. He had told her
    to be ready by seven and then he had added slyly, 'I have a small surprise
    for Kryztal that I'm sure she's going to love. Too bad if she doesn't,' he
    laughed and hung up.   
After
    that first night when Hal had forced Kryztal to reveal herself, after he
    had brutally and viciously fucked her on the dining room table, he had calmly
    opened a bottle of wine and poured two glasses while Kryztal had sighed in
    satisfaction, lost in a humid and sensual haze on the tabletop.   
'Caroline,'
    he said, 'time to talk, honey. Caroline!'   
His
    words had snapped her back from the warm space of sexual satisfaction and
    devotion. Groaning, she sat up and looked around for her ripped and discarded
    clothes as Hal watched her with amusement. 'Forget them, honey. Go wash your
    face and put your robe on,' he gently ordered and in a fog, Caroline stumbled
    to the bedroom.   
The
    cold water began to bring her back and Caroline blinked at herself in the
    mirror, the red mark from Hal's palm on her cheek clearly defined. 'I think,'
    she confessed to her reflection in a low voice, 'I've just had the best fuck
    of my life.'   
When
    she returned snug in her white robe, Hal had taken her hand and pulled her
    down to sit next to him on the sofa. He handed her a glass of red wine and
    Caroline pulled her bare feet up under her and leaned comfortably against
    him, listening as he spoke.   
He
    gently kissed her forehead and said, 'I love you baby, now more than ever.'   
'I
    love you, too,' she had smiled and kissed him.  Do
    I really?   she had wondered
    and had quickly dismissed that traitorous thought.   
'Kryztal
    is a submissive pain slut, isn't she?' he had suddenly asked and Caroline
    tried to look away. 'Isn't she?' he demanded softly.   
'Yes,'
    Caroline admitted in a soft shameful voice.   
'And
    I'm a Dominant with sadistic leanings. Kryztal and I are a perfect match,
    aren't we?'   
'I
    suppose so,' she said, trying to avoid his eyes.   
Hal
    turned Caroline's face around and smiled thinly. 'You know why I was so taken
    by Kryztal that first time? Do you?'   
Caroline
    lifted her eyes and looked at him, searching for a sign of love in his eyes
    but failed. 'No.'   
'Because
    she reminded me so much of you, I could do the things I had always wanted
    to do with you.' Hal laughed. 'It's ironic, isn't it?' He sipped his wine
    and took Caroline's hand. 'Now that I have Kryztal to play with, I'll never
    have to go to Bea's again.'   
Her
    eyes had lit up at that. 'You promise?'   
'I
    promise. I think I have all I need with Kryztal, don't you?'   
That
    night they had made love tenderly and he had called her Caroline when he
    came. It was then that Caroline realised that they both considered Kryztal
    to be a different person to her, an alter ego. Perhaps Kryztal was the body
    that Hal could use to gain the cruel satisfaction he needed and, luckily,
    Kryztal craved it too.   
There
    was a doubt in Caroline's mind that Hal loved her, but she didn't know if
    he loved or hated Kryztal.   
Caroline
    rushed to the bedroom, stripping clothes off as she went. The drive to the
    beach had taken longer than usual and now she was in a rush. She was surprised
    to see a package on the bed, carefully wrapped in a beautiful red paper with
    a silk ribbon and delicate bow around it.   
The
    card said simply, 'Kryztal' and Caroline immediately wondered who wrapped
    the package; Hal would not have had the patience. She was sure a woman had
    wrapped it, but who would have done it for him? Who knew about her?   
Inside
    were two items: a hood made from soft, supple leather and a pair of thong
    panties in white silk. Her eyes widened when she saw the panties were a size
    smaller than what she wore and wondered if he had made a mistake.  No  ,
    she told herself,  Hal doesn't
    make mistakes like that, he's planned it  .
    Immediately, she knew she was wet.   
There
    was no time for a long bath as Caroline had planned so she made do with a
    long hot shower after a quick touch up with the razor. She now accepted that
    she had to keep her pubic area bald and had even considered a complete waxing.
    A week ago, Caroline had purchased the wig, lip-gloss and even the body oil
    which she now began applying. When she attempted to massage the oil into
    her back, she smiled ruefully and said, 'Where's Breanne when you need her?'   
Caroline
    applied the orange lipgloss, made her eyes up in a heavy, dark fashion and
    slipped on the red wig. Fluffing the wig with her hands, she smiled in the
    mirror and whispered, 'Hello, Kryztal.'   
She
    glanced at the clock, saw she had just five minutes, tied the wig into a
    ponytail and slipped the hood on. It covered her face to her nose, leaving
    her mouth visible and clipped together at the back with a hole for her hair.
    Reluctantly, Kryztal pulled the panties up and saw how the white silk bit
    into her tightly. After looking in the mirror, she was dismayed to see that
    the outline of her bits was clearly visible.  If
    I get any wetter  , she thought,  these
    stupid panties will be transparent!   
The
    sound of Hal's BMW driving into the garage thrust a tremor of fear and excitement
    through her. Quickly Kryztal ran into the living room, her beautiful naked
    body gleaming with the oil, her large breasts wobbling with the exertion
    and the tiny white panties disappearing into her bottom and tightly cupping
    her groin.   
Standing
    in the centre of the living room, she bowed her head and stood with her hands
    hanging by her sides, waiting as the hunger for submission took control of
    her supplicant body.   
He
    was standing in the doorway, she knew it, she could hear his breathing, and
    Kryztal realised he was examining her, staring at her, and she hoped he approved.   
Hal
    walked past her, a flash of white shirt made her quiver, want him &ndash; wanted
    him to  do   things.   
Kryztal
    felt his fingers lightly caress her bottom, touch her almost lovingly. His
    fingernails scraping her flesh as he traced the thong made her weak, almost
    senseless with desire and submission.   
Suddenly
    Kryztal could feel his breath on the hot skin of her throat, his voice in
    her ear and that deep voice resonating within her as he simply instructed,
    'Open your mouth.'   
Willingly
    she did so and tasted the smooth roundness of the gag as he pushed it in.
    It was different, a solid ball, and Kryztal struggled to breath only through
    her nose. He waited while she overcame her panic and then buckled the gag
    tight, flicking the ponytail of shining red hair over the burnished silver
    buckle.   
He
    pushed her to the mirror, standing behind her and cupping her breasts in
    both of his large hard hands, teasing her nipples as they both stared at
    her reflection. The gag was a white ball and it pushed her orange-coated
    lips apart and her eyes flickered wildly through the eyeholes of the hood.   
'Beautiful,'
    Hal said softly and led her to the dining room. Gently, he took her left
    hand in his hands and fastened a wrist cuff with a D-ring around it and then,
    slowly and softly, the right hand.   
Kryztal
    was breathing heavily through her nose, her breasts with erect nipples rising
    and falling quickly and her eyes appeared almost hypnotised by his strengths.
    One thought kept reverberating within her as she watched him, saw that hard
    smile and those blue eyes flashing in the low light, just one thought over
    and over again &ndash;  Fuck
    me! Use me! Please  !   
Hal
    pushed her face down onto the dining table and Kryztal sighed as her breasts
    touched the polished mahogany.  He's
    going to fuck me  , she thought
    lazily,  he's going to use
    me on the table again  !   
Smiling
    languidly, Kryztal rested against the table while he used white cord to tie
    her arms to the corners of the table so she was stretched out, face down
    and vulnerable. Kryztal loved it, desired it and wallowed in it, her mind
    slowly slipping into depths of submission.   
Time
    stood still as he lashed her ankles to the legs of the table and Kryztal
    realised she was totally at his mercy, it was impossible to move, bent over
    the table top, and her bottom accentuated by those absurd panties.   
An
    electric shock rippled through her when he kissed her throat, his end of
    day stubble grazing her skin, telling her he was close, was in control, and
    so masculine and strong. A small moan was lost in the gag as his fingers
    pulled the crotch of those ridiculous panties aside and slipped inside her,
    moving, teasing and exploring. Kryztal opened willingly, let him do what
    he wanted to do, and wondered how many fingers were inside her.   
He
    stood and smiled down at her and Kryztal blinked up at him through the eyeholes
    of the hood, wondering why he wanted her to wear it at home.  Does
    he want  , she wondered,  to
    avoid my face, not look at me?   
The
    doorbell rang, the sound of it vibrating through the house and through Kryztal's
    heart. Hal smiled down at her when he saw the frantic movements as her head
    jerked towards the door and back to him.   
'Your
    surprise is on time,' Hal said, his blue eyes ice cold. 'We have company.
    Aren't you glad I insisted on those panties to preserve your modesty?'   
No  ,
    her mind screamed,  not like
    this  ! And she tried to
    close her legs but couldn't, she was trussed down, bent at the waist and
    her bottom, split by those wispy panties invitingly on display.   
 The
    front door opened and she heard Hal say, 'Right on time.'   
A
    woman's voice, curt and cold, said, 'This is cash, right? No questions asked?'   
'I've
    got the cash here,' Hal said and for some reason, Kryztal just knew he was
    smiling.   
'Show
    me.'   
There
    was a faint sound and Kryztal frantically looked around while her supportive
    inner voice consoled her with,  At
    least it's a woman, better than a gang of Hells Angels! But&hellip;was it?   
Footsteps,
    and they entered the room and Kryztal shrank, completely humiliated, as she
    knew she was an obscene sight, bent over, offering herself.   
The
    footsteps ceased and there was a short intake of breath. 'Well,' the woman
    said in a husky voice, 'that's appealing.'   
'She's
    beautiful, isn't she?'   
'Yeah,
    she certainly is. Is that your wife?'   
Kryztal's
    hooded head jerked around and saw a short woman with a shaven head and many
    face piercings staring at her with undisguised lust. She was dressed in a
    shapeless black dress to the calf and heavy workman's boots. Even though
    the leather hood covered her face, Kryztal knew her face was burning hot
    in embarrassment as this complete stranger devoured her bound body with her
    eyes.   
'No,'
    Hal said calmly, 'my wife is out of town. This is Kryztal, she's a slut for
    hire.'   
'Is
    she?' the woman said with interest. 'How much?'   
'Five
    thousand dollars, you can do what you like for that.'   
'Out
    of my league,' the woman said regretfully. 'Where do you want it?'   
Kryztal
    felt Hal's fingers linger high on the left cheek of her bottom and then prod
    into her flesh. 'Here.'   
'Okay.
    Can you get some of that oil off?'   
'Sure.'   
Kryztal
    spluttered in her gag as she felt Hal rubbing her bottom with a cloth. 'Are
    you sure she wants this?' the woman asked.   
'Of
    course, she just wants to be forced, that's all. She's a submissive bitch.'   
'Okay,'
    and Kryztal could imagine the woman behind her shrugging, 'whatever.'   
Hal's
    face suddenly loomed over her and Kryztal saw that wicked smile. 'I suggest
    you be very, very still,' he whispered. 'Any mistakes, any complaints from&hellip;'
    he turned back to the woman, 'what's your name?'   
'Sophie.'   
'&hellip;Any
    complaints from Sophie,' he whispered, 'will mean more strokes from the cane!'   
The
      cane! God no, not the cane again! I never thought he would use it on me
      when he knew it was me! Please no, I'll be still!   
Kryztal
    felt finger on her bottom and guessed they were Sophie's. 'She's pretty turned
    on by this, I can smell her,' Sophie observed and Kryztal just wanted to
    die.   
'She's
    a pain slut,' Hal said dismissively.   
A
    whirring sound filled the room and Kryztal felt the first pricks against
    her skin at the same time she realised what was happening &ndash;  she's
    tattooing me  ! Immediately
    with that realisation, Kryztal felt a mixture of relief and fear.  What
    was she tattooing me with  ,
    she wondered,  and how will
    I hide it  ? A secondary
    realisation was that she would have to discard her latest swimsuit as her
    first thought was the tattoo would show.  Damn,
    that white swimsuit cost five hundred and thirty five dollars!   
 'Have
    you made her do stuff with a girl?' Sophie asked after working for several
    minutes, the needle pricking and whirring. Kryztal's head swum at the thought
    of what might happen, what he would force her to do with this dreadful woman,
    this tattooist!   
'No.'   
'I
    thought it was every man's fantasy?'   
Hal
    laughed. 'Not mine. I have others.'   
Moments
    slipped away and became time that vanished, flickering thinly like distant
    music heard on the wind.   
'That's
    it,' Sophie said, packing her tools away. 'Here.'   
'What's
    this?'   
'Instructions
    how to care for the tattoo.'   
'Give
    it to her. Put it in her panties.'   
'Can
    I?' And Kryztal thought she heard Sophie's voice crack.   
'Sure,
    she has to care for the tattoo after all.'   
Kryztal
    felt the fingers slide around her skin and felt the paper being slipped into
    the front of her panties, a sly caress, and an intake of breath.   
'Five
    thousand dollars?' Sophie asked in a hoarse voice.   
'Yep,'
    Hal said.   
'Guess
    I'd better start a savings plan,' Sophie said reluctantly. 'Okay,' her voice
    becoming more business-like, 'cash?'   
'Right
    here.' They walked away and Kryztal heard them at the door. 'Count it if
    you like, but it's all there.' Silence and then the door opened.   
The
    front door closed and Hal was leering over her, fingers pushing the panties
    aside and then his big fingers were fucking her, moving in her, and Kryztal
    couldn't help herself and moved on his fingers, tried to suck them in deeper.   
Suddenly
    he was gone and she felt the first stroke of the flogger immediately. On
    and on he flogged her and a distant dull voice within her pointed out he
    didn't care about the tattoo, he just flogged and flogged.   
Her
    back and bottom sang!   
Oh,
    how it sang!   
Rough
    fingers pulled her panties to one side, the paper with instructions written
    on it bristled against her clit and Hal's cock sank in her, pushing, filling
    her and fucking her, just using her.  Yes,
    fuck me, please, use me!   
His
    lips were at her ear, hot and wet, and Kryztal moaned into the gag. 'It says
    'pain slut', that's what it says,' he said in a heavy voice as he fucked
    her from behind. 'When I first saw Kryztal, she had it. It was beautiful
    and now she's got it again.'   
Kryztal
    felt him unbuckle the gag and she gasped in relief when he pulled it from
    her mouth, tossing it to the floor and she tugged against her restraints,
    feeling them, worshipping them.   
He
    grew urgent, fucking her and the panties rubbed against her as he pushed
    them to one side. Suddenly, he grunted and spurted inside her and she wanted
    to scream,  Oh no, not now,
    please, I need to come  !   
'Does
    Kryztal want to come?' he said, pulling out of her, leaving her vacant.   
'Please,
    yes Sir, please?'   
 The
    restraints were unsnapped and Hal pulled Kryztal to her feet and led her
    to the mirror. Pulling her hands behind her back, imprisoning her wrists
    in his hand, he turned her so she could see the mark of the tattoo. Even
    though it was reversed in the reflection, Kryztal knew what it said, she
    was marked with 'Pain Slut' permanently. With a small sigh of relief, she
    hoped the tattoo was high enough to just be covered by a swimsuit.   
He
    nuzzled her neck and his other hand slipped into the tight silk panties,
    teasing her clit. 'Look,' he breathed in her ear and squeezed her wrists
    together with his hand while his other fingers danced on her clit. 'Look
    at the slut!'   
Kryztal
    stared at herself in the mirror as he savagely ripped the soaked silk thong
    down around her thighs and penetrated her with a large finger while his thumb
    massaged her clit. Her mouth hung opened as she felt the orgasm build, her
    breasts swaying and Kryztal admitted she did look like a slut, allowing herself
    to be casually and callously manipulated by him.  I
    can't stop him  , Kryztal
    realised,  I can't! He can
    do what he wants to me   and
    that thought sent her grunting and groaning into orgasm as he brutally fucked
    her with his finger.   
 As
    Kryztal recovered from the shattering orgasm, she felt him pull her panties
    up, snapping them around her flesh. Dully, she felt him slip the piece of
    paper back into her sodden panties. 'Don't forget the instructions, Kryztal,'
    he sniggered. 'I don't want any problems with that tattoo.'   
'No,
    Sir,' she said, taking the folded sheet of paper from her panties, noticing
    with shame that it was wet with her juices.   
Kryztal
    wanted to look at the tattoo closely, to see exactly what he had done to
    her, but didn't want to displease him, so she stood, head down, holding the
    single piece of paper in her hands.   
'Kryztal,'
    he said distantly, 'I'm going to have a drink. You can go to the bathroom
    and fix yourself. You might want to tell my wife to come out,' he said, looking
    out the window.   
'Yes,
    Sir,' Kryztal said and, turning, walked silently to the bathroom.   
Kryztal
    snatched the hood off and threw it into the basin, followed quickly by the
    wig. Angrily, she removed the orange lip-gloss and eye make up.   
Caroline
    used a hand mirror in conjunction with the wall mirror to closely examine
    the tattoo. It was in blue-black ink and spelled out clearly two simple words &ndash; Pain
    Slut. She felt weak.  How
    will I hide that when I go to the doctor? Can it be seen through my clothes?
    How could he do this to me, how could he if he loves me?   
She
    peeled the panties down and threw them at the hamper but missed and they
    fell on the floor. Caroline left them there and picked up the instructions
    for caring for the tattoo, read them and tried to throw them at the hamper
    as well.   
He's
      permanently marked me  ,
      Caroline told her reflection,  he
      doesn't care  !  No  ,
      the thought occurred to her,  he
      marked Kryztal, not you  .
      She turned around and looked over her shoulder at her back and, strangely,
      felt proud of the marks, proud that Kryztal had withstood that flogging.   
The
    tattoo instructions said to keep it dry for 48 hours.  How  ,
    Caroline angrily wondered,  am
    I  going to do that? Does
    he think I'm not going to have a shower?   
Under
    the shower, Caroline managed to avoid getting the tattoo completely wet and
    scrubbed the oil and the last remnants of Kryztal away, everything except
    the tattoo, which could never be scrubbed away. Ever.   
Hal
    had made one of his favourite sandwiches and had opened wine. Two glasses
    were on the kitchen table when Caroline came in dressed in her robe. Underneath
    she was wearing a dark blue lace baby doll and panties and was pleased because
    the panties covered the tattoo easily.   
'Honey,'
    Hal said with a big smile as he enveloped her in a hug and softly kissed
    her. 'I've made you a sandwich.'   
Caroline
    smiled and sat down carefully, conscious of the tattoo and the twinges in
    her back. 'I've closed that deal with Jude, he's got the role and I pick
    up fifteen percent.'   
'Congratulations,'
    Caroline said, cutting the sandwich into smaller bite-sized pieces.   
'We
    should celebrate, go to the Caribbean or something if our diaries connect.'   
'Sounds
    wonderful,' Caroline said automatically and looked at her husband. Hal smiled
    gently at her, his eyes dancing in the kitchen light and Caroline wondered
    if, deep inside, he hated Kryztal.   
End Kryztal Part
      4 (of 10 Parts)  
  Carmenica Diaz &copy; 2004   
Parts
        to follow are:   
Part
      5:   If Kryztal vanishes   
Part
      6  : I'm Caroline,
      Kryztal doesn't exist  .   
Part
      7:   We need to have
      a conversation.   
Part
      8:   Why am I doing
      this?   
Part
      9:   Did I get blood
      on your shirt?   
Part
      10:   The ultimate
      gift  .   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Carmenica Diaz


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





