BDSM Library - Fairytale: Rapunzel




Fairytale: Rapunzel
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: My version of the classic fairytale about a couple who trade their baby for a vegetable, and the baby who grows into a beautiful girl, with unnaturally long hair, locked in a tower.
Rapunzel

	Once upon a time, in a land far away, there lived a happy young couple
who were expecting their first child. They had only been married for less than
one year, but after fucking for hours every day, it was no wonder the wife was
already pregnant. Pregnancy caused her to develop strange cravings, such as the
taste of apple cider laced with her husband's semen. These cravings amused and
aroused her husband, but he was alarmed when she expressed a craving for
turnips.

	The only turnips for miles around belonged to their closest neighbor,
who was rumored to be a witch. Although, she'd never done anything to anyone as
far back as anyone in the village could remember, they were all deeply afraid of
her. An unmarried woman, with such rich lands, who kept to herself, must have
made a pact with the devil.

	"Woman, stop nagging me about damned turnips. There's none to be found."
The loving husband was growing quite impatient with his wife's obsession.

	"The witch next door has several rows of turnips ripening now. I saw
them when I peered over the fence." The wife persisted.

	"I told you not to look over there! It might curse the baby. And I'm not
having any dealings with any witch. Might as well sell my soul to the devil
myself!" The husband grumbled.

	"If you loved me, you'd get them for me." The wife whined.

	Her husband ignored her. Getting up from her place at the table, she
went to her husband's side and knelt there. She removed his cock from his pants
and began to kiss it. "Please, please, please." She mumbled between each kiss.
She took the head of his cock into her mouth and suckled at it as her baby would
soon suckle at her nipples.

	"That's not going to change my mind about not crossing that witch." The
husband replied, a little breathlessly, but his hands kept her head right where
it was.

	The wife pulled away, "If you get me some turnips, I'll take your entire
cock in my mouth."

	It was a tempting offer. Too tempting. "My big boy wouldn't all fit in
your little mouth." The husband said, mostly to convince himself not to be
seduced into dealing with a witch.

	The wife gave the underside of the head of his cock a few licks before
replying, "Some of it would go down my throat."

	This offer much too tantalizing for the husband to refuse. "I'll buy
some turnips from the witch." He said, rushing off to the witch's cottage.

	He banged excitedly on the witch's door, which was much heavier and
better carved than his. An old woman opened the door. "What do you want?" She
snapped.

	The husband extended a handful of copper coins, "I want to buy some
turnips."

	The old woman laughed scornfully, "I have a chest full of gold coins in
my cottage. I don't want your coppers. My turnips are not for sale."

	"Please," The husband begged, "My wife is pregnant and desperately
craves turnips."

	"Well, I don't want your coins but perhaps you can pay for the turnips
another way." The old woman said, gazing down.

	The husband followed her gaze to his cock, still long and hard, which
he'd forgotten to put back in his pants in his excitement. He was horrified.
Surely she couldn't mean what he thought she did!

	"I haven't felt a man's cock in my pussy for more years than I care to
remember." She said, licking her lips as she continued to stare at his cock,
"You lend me yours for a night and your wife gets all the turnips she wants."

	The husband's cock wilted under the old woman's gaze. "Nno, no." He
stammered before running back to his own smaller, shabbier cottage.

	

	He reported the witch's words to his wife while he frantically washed
his cock, trying to rid it of any curses the witch might have placed on it.

	"Couldn't you do it for me?" The wife pleaded, "It's just one night."

	Her husband glared at her, "Absolutely not!" He yelled.

	Once more, she dropped to her knees in front of him. She began to lick
his balls, pausing between each lick to say,
"Please...darling...I...want...turnips...so..badly...Please." She finished by
taking both of his balls into her mouth and looking up at him beseechingly.

	What the hell, the husband thought, I can just hop over the fence and
steal a few turnips tonight, the witch won't even know. He told his wife of his
intentions as he came and spurted his cum on her face.

	

	That moonless night, the husband climbed over the fence as quietly as he
could. He tiptoed to where he knew the rows of turnips were and bent to pull one
out. He pulled at the turnip so hard that he fell back. Onto something.
Something soft that smelled of fresh bread and clovers. Something that said,
"Thief, you must pay for what you've stolen." A hand grabbed hold of his hair
and tugged him into the old woman's cottage.

	There, he cowered in fear, certain he was about to turned into a toad.
He was still clutching the turnip.

	"Remove your clothes." The old woman ordered. The husband complied,
silently cursing his wife. The old woman stared his naked body. "You have a
strong and handsome body, you poor dimwit." She said. Then she began to remove
her own clothes. The poor man stared at the broom in the corner, at the black
cat curled up in front of the fireplace, at the cauldron hanging over the fire,
at anything except the old woman's naked body. "Come here." She commanded. He
slowly walked towards her, eyes on the floor. When he reached her, she held his
hands against her shriveled, sagging breasts. "Touch them, taste them" She said.
He obediently held one breast in one hand, his thumb flicking the nipple, as he
attached his mouth to the nipple of the other breast. He could feel the old
woman's hands on the back of his neck and in his hair. "Aaah, how I've missed
that." She said. His tried to think of his wife's big, full tits instead, but
every time his thoughts drifted in that direction, the old woman would say
something to jar him back to reality like "Yes, yes, suckle like a good boy" and
"I wouldn't mind if you put a little teeth into it, dearie."

	He stopped, "Please, my mouth is tired." Actually, he'd begun to imagine
that her breasts had an odd taste and perhaps a slight witchy discharge.

	"Well then, exercise your tongue now." The old woman said, sitting on
her bed with her legs spread to make her meaning clear. The husband silently
cursed his wife even more viciously. He knelt between the old woman's legs, his
hands on her wrinkled thighs, and lowered his face to her pussy with a look of
distaste. His lips curled at the acrid odor of her pussy. She slapped his
shoulder, "Well, thief, get to it." He closed his eyes, imagined his wife's
plump, red-haired pussy, and began licking. "That's more like it." The old woman
said, snapping him to reality. Each of the old woman's orgasms made him hope
this was the end, he could go home. But she kept him there, slaving away at her
pussy for what seemed like hours. Finally, she stopped him, "Lay on the bed, I'm
ready to ride again. They say it's like riding a horse, you never forget how."
She laughed at her own joke.

	"But I'm not hard." The husband protested.

	"Get on the bed." The old woman replied in an irritated tone that made
the husband hurry to obey. She went to a cupboard and and returned with a bowl.
She sat next to the terrified man and scooped a paste that smelled of at least
three different herbs from the bowl. She began to massage the mixture into his
cock. Much to his horror, he found his cock tingling and growing hard. It was no
longer under his control! The old woman mounted him and rocked back and forth.
"Ah, it's been such a long while." She began to ride him in earnest, hands
tugging at her own breasts. He covered his eyes with his hands, attempting to
block out the hag atop him. But her voice reached him, "Good stallion. Yes, good
boy. Good boy!" He knew he'd hate the word 'good' for the rest of his life. His
cock continued to tingle and it felt swollen, even the old woman came and
climbed off him. With an admonishment to stay there, she went to the cupboard
again and returned with five little bowls.

	"What are you doing?!" He cried out, terrified of what the witch might
do to his precious cock.

	"Be quiet, thief, you owe me." The old woman began to massage his cock
again. Then she lowered her mouth and sucked it. The husband closed his eyes and
reminded himself to beat his wife when he got home, if he ever got home. To his
surprise, his felt himself coming suddenly. The old woman caught his semen in a
bowl and set it aside. Then she rubbed more of the herb paste onto his cock. It
grew hard once more but she continued to rub her hands up and down his cock
until he came again. She filled a second bowl with his semen. The poor man
realized that she intended to fill all five of the bowls with his cum. The Lord
only knew what evil spell she would use it in. He was miserable, yet his could
not control his cock. As though she could hear his thoughts, she said "Just
three more to go, dearie."

	After the old woman had gotten her five bowlfulls of semen, she went out
to get him the turnips. As the husband dressed in front of the fire, he realized
that his cock had gotten significantly thicker and a little longer. He wasn't
quite unhappy with this discovery but he wondered what else the witch had done
to him. He took the basket of turnips from her and hurried home.

	The first thing he did was take a bath. He scrubbed at his mouth and
cock, vainly trying to erase the sensory memory of the old woman's pussy. Then
he got into bed next to his wife and fell asleep immediately.

	The next morning, he awoke to the smell of turnip soup. His wife was
eating at the table, enjoying her long awaited turnips. He was grumpy, the
memory of what he'd done to get those turnips had returned as soon as he woke
up. "Come here and suck my cock deep down to your throat like you promised." He
said to his wife.

	"Honneyyy" She whinned, "not now. I'm eating. Besides, I might choke and
it wouldn't be good for the baby." She stood to display her bulging belly, in
the hopes of sympathy.

	But her husband had none to spare after his night with the old woman.
"Listen bitch, I endured unspeakable things at the hands of that wicked witch to
get those damned turnips for you. You're going to suck my cock right now!"

	The wife sulkily made her way to her husband and knelt in front of him.
His cock was already half hard. He held his cock in one hand and the back of his
wife's head in the other. He rubbed his cock on her lips, on her chin, on her
cheeks, on her forehead and on her closed eyelids before sticking it into her
mouth. She dutifully began to suck but had to stop since he continued to work it
into her mouth. She noticed that it seemed to have gotten larger and began to
feel afraid. She tried to pull away but his hand on her head stopped her . She
tried to say 'stop' but the sound was muffled. She started to gag as her
husband's cock began to slid down her throat. Luckily for her, she had learned
to control her gag reflex after numerous bouts of morning sickness. Finally, all
of his cock was lodged in her mouth and down her throat. She couldn't breathe!
He pulled it almost entirely out and she took a deep breath. He slammed it all
the way in again. He was fucking her face! She was outraged but it had been her
idea. She figured out that she had to inhale as he withdrew and exhale as he
shoved it in. At last, he came with his cock brushing her tonsils, the cum
shooting right down her throat.

	She sobbed angrily afterwards and refused to fuck him for several days.
Until she began to crave radishes. At first, her husband just enjoyed fucking
her pussy and having his cock sucked. Then he realized she wanted something.
When he found out that she wanted radishes, which only the old woman next door
had, he was livid. "Not again! Haven't you learned your lesson, you silly twit?"
He grabbed her, pulled up her dress and whacked her ass but she was not
dissuaded. She tried everything to convince him to get her some radishes: she
pouted, she cried, she begged, she even let him fuck her throat again. But none
of it persuaded him to get the radishes.

	Then she tried offering something that he'd been curious about for a
long time. "If you get me radishes, I'll let you fuck me in my ass." At first he
resisted. But she persisted and her husband thought with his cock. "It must be
pretty tight back there. Don't you want to stick your cock in my ass?"

	"Oh, all right, I'll get you the radishes but I remember how you behaved
the last time. I want my reward now then you'll get your radishes."

	So strong was her craving for the taste of just one radish, that she
immediately raised her dress to her waist and bent over the table. Her husband's
cock sprang to life immediately. He spread her ass-cheeks with one hand and
tried to work his cock into her ass-hole with the other hand. He didn't make
much progress and his wife whimpered in discomfort. He thought and thought then
rubbed some butter on his cock and on his wife's ass-hole. Thanks to the butter,
he managed to get the head of his cock inside his wife's ass. He groaned with
pleasure at its unbelievable tightness while she squealed in pain. Bracing his
hands on her hips, he thrust with all his strength to drive the full length of
his cock into her. She screamed "Nooooo" while he screamed "Oh, yes!" Luckily
for her, it took only a few seconds for him to come.

	As he withdrew from her bruised and bleeding ass, she said angrily, "You
get those fucking radishes no matter what! I didn't just endure that for
nothing!"

	But when the husband went to see the old woman, she refused to give him
even a single radish. "I don't want your coins and I don't want your cock. Be
gone!"

	"Please," He begged, "my wife must have some radishes!"

	"No, leave. My price is too high for the likes of you."

	"I'll pay any price even if I have to sell myself into slavery to do so.
If I go home without radishes, my wife will kill me!"

	"Weellll." The old woman said slowly, "I will give you a basket of
radishes and a bag of gold coins in exchange for the baby your wife is
carrying."

	"Done!" Cried the desperate, dim-witted husband.

	"Swear on your soul." The old woman demanded.

	"I swear on my soul!"

	The husband went home with the radishes and the gold coins and did not
tell his wife about the deal. She assumed he'd fucked the old woman for the
radishes and he'd been so good that she'd thrown in the coins as well. All was
well for them until the day after their daughter's birth. The old woman came to
their cottage. "You sweared on your soul that this child is mine!" She
screeched.

	"Go away, witch!" The wife cried, but the husband remembered his
promise. Caring more for his soul than his daughter, he snatched her from her
mother's arms and gave her to the woman he thought to be a witch. The old woman
quickly left with the baby. The next day, she sold her property to a merchant,
packed a wagon with all of her belongings, and left the village, never to be
seen there again. The following week, while the husband was working in the
field, his wife took the remainder of the gold coins and left the village, also
never to be seen there again.

	The old woman went to the very end of the kingdom, and paid some
villagers there to build her a house at the very edge of the forest. The
villagers thought the old woman with the baby was very odd. And they thought
that the narrow, circular, three-story house they worked on was very, very odd.
But after completing the house and receiving their gold coins, they gave the old
woman and her tower no more thought. In this tower, in total isolation, the old
woman raised the baby, whom she'd named Rapunzel.

	Rapunzel was never allowed out of the tower. The tower had only one
door, the key to which was kept by the old woman at all times. Rapunzel yearned
to accompany the old woman, whom she called 'Mam,' out into the forest. But the
old woman always told her the same thing whenever she asked to be allowed into
the outside world, "You must not leave this tower." So Rapunzel had to be
content with watching the forest from the only window in the tower, on the third
floor. She spent her days brushing her long, long hair and singing nonsense to
herself. Now, Rapunzel's hair was abnormally long, thick and shiny on account of
the herbs her Mam used to condition it. So shiny was her hair, that it reflected
enough moonlight to read by. So long was her hair, that it touched the ground
when she leaned out of the window. So strong was her hair, that the old woman
would tie heavy packages to it and have Rapunzel haul them up rather than carry
them up the stairs.

	

	One day, after the witch had left the tower and gone deeper into the
forest, a handsome prince came riding by on a white horse. Being a prince, he
had absolutely nothing constructive to do all day. So, he rode around the
kingdom looking for pretty peasant women to fuck. When he saw the lone tower off
in the distance, he had to investigate it. As he drew near, he heard the
sweetest singing. He rode right up to the tower, and was amazed at the sight of
a beautiful girl. He'd been expecting a wizen old witch. He jumped off of his
horse and ran around the tower, looking for a door. He was determined to have
this girl. A beautiful girl in the middle of nowhere was his fantasy come
through. There was no where for the girl to hide and no nosy neighbors to
interrupt him. He found the door, stumbling into the nearby rose-bush in his
haste. He tried to open the door, but it would not budge. He frantically ran
back to the window. "How do I get in?" He called out.

	As for Rapunzel, she was struck speechless. This was not only the person
besides the old woman she'd ever seen, this was the first male. And what a
good-looking young man he was. Finally, she found her voice. "Mam locks me in
here but you can climb my hair and visit me."

	The prince wondered what kind of lunatic she was until she threw a long
braid of hair out of the window. It landed at his feet. After giving it a sharp
tug to make sure it wouldn't snap under his weight, he became to climb. After he
was inside the tower, they stood looking at each other. It was lust at first
sight. He kissed Rapunzel, and although she didn't even know what a kiss was,
she responded eagerly. Hmm, the prince thought to himself, that was pretty bad.
A girl like this is usually experienced. Virgins are tedious but this one is so
beauteous. He began to fondle her breasts through her thin dress. She didn't
stop kissing him, much less slap him so his continued. He moved his hands down
to squeeze her plump ass. Rapunzel rubbed her body against his, not knowing what
was happening but enjoying it nevertheless.

	

	

	The prince pulled away from her and began to undress. Rapunzel stared at
his body avidly. She found it to be a very, pleasant sight. It caused urges that
made her unconsciously run her hands along her breasts and down to her crotch.
The prince's cock was fully hard now. He practically tore her dress off, and
began to suck and bite her nipples. Rapunzel moaned and clutched his shoulders,
wanting him to never stop. She wrapped her legs around his waist. But the prince
freed himself from her embrace and lay on his stomach between her legs. Holding
her thighs wide apart, he studied the sight of her pussy. Surprisingly, it was
hairless. Maybe all the hair goes to her head, he thought. Just as well,
wouldn't want to have had to fight my away through a bush like the one on her
head. He tentatively probed her pussy with one finger. She whimpered. Slowly, he
began to lick her pussy. Then he sucked on her clit. When he began to gently
nibble on it, Rapunzel came in her first non-self-induced orgasm. Still,
something was missing. Rapunzel didn't know what it was but she felt somehow
empty. There was something more...

	Rapunzel found out what it was when the prince's cock entered her. There
was a quick pain but it subsided before she could complain. Then it became very
pleasureable. Rapunzel tried to lock her legs around the prince but he grabbed
her ankles and held them high in the air. "Tell me to fuck you." The prince
rasped out, although he was doing so already.

	"To fuck you?" Rapunzel replied, puzzled. She'd never heard that word
before.

	"Say these words: Fuck me." The prince said, panting loudly.

	"Fuck me!" Rapunzel cried out with conviction as the prince began to
fuck her harder. And harder still. She came again. Just in time too, since the
prince came soon after.

	As they laid entangled on the floor together, the prince asked Rapunzel
who she was. She replied that she was Rapunzel. The prince asked what she was
and why she was living in this tower. She didn't know how to answer this since
it seemed very obvious to her. "I'm Rapunzel, and I live in this tower with
Mam." It was a very frustrating conversation until the prince figured out that
she'd spent her entire in isolation and began to ask the right questions. She
told him about the old woman who went out to the forest everyday, leaving her
locked here. He told her about the outside world, and that he was a prince and
explained what that meant. It was all very strange to Rapunzel, but after what
had happened today, she could accept it. Then she noticed that the sun was
sinking low in the sky. "Oh no!" She cried, jumping up and putting back on her
dress. "Mam will be back soon." She knew instinctively that the old woman would
be angry if she found the prince in the tower.

	As for the prince, he was scared. The old woman sounded like a witch.
How else to explain Rapunzel's hair? He quickly got dressed, promising to visit
Rapunzel again as soon as he could. He climbed her hair down to the ground and
rode away as fast as he could. Not a moment too soon. For as soon as the prince
was out of Rapunzel's view, she saw the old woman emerge from the forest.
Although the old woman noticed a difference in Rapunzel, she never suspected
what had occurred. And Rapunzel had no intention of telling her. For the first
time in her life, Rapunzel began to hate the old woman. She now understood the
horror of what the old woman had done to her.

	Three days later, the prince returned. This time he brought a second
horse with him. He might never again find a woman whom he could guide into being
what he wanted her to be. He wasn't passing this opportunity up. "Rapunzel, let
down your hair." He yelled. Rapunzel let down her hair and the prince climbed
up. After they had fucked, the prince asked Rapunzel to go leave with him.
"Surely, you don't intend to spend the rest of your life in this tower. Wouldn't
you like to be my wife?"

	After the prince explained what a wife was, Rapunzel had to admit that
fucking him for the rest of her life sounded much better than singing in the
tower. But she was still scared. After all, the tower was all she knew. They
fucked again and the prince asked her to marry him again. But she was still too
scared. The sun was setting and the prince had to leave. But he swore to return
everyday until she left the tower with him.

	Later that evening, Rapunzel was the moodiest she'd ever been. The old
woman was quite concerned. She rested her hand against Rapunzel's forehead to
take her temperature. Carelessly, Rapunzel said "Your hand is so much colder and
bonier than the prince's." Instantly, the old woman understood what had been
happening. She flew into a rage and slapped Rapunzel. It was the first time
she'd ever hti Rapunzel and the girl was stunned.

	"You ungrateful little bitch! Haven't I taken care of you all your life?
Now you want to leave me?!! No, never. You're mine." The old woman ranted, "But
what did I expect, you coming from two such fine whores." The old woman raised
her hand threateningly and demanded to be told all that had transpired between
Rapunzel and the prince. Rapunzel, terrified, told her everything.

	Early the next morning, the old woman cut off Rapunzel's hair while the
girl was still asleep. Then she waked her and led her to the second floor, where
she locked her in a closet. The old woman returned to the window to wait for the
prince. And when she heard him call out "Rapunzel, let down your hair," she let
down the braid of hair. When the prince had climbed into the room, he met quite
an unpleasant surprise.

	"So, you're the little bastard who's come to steal my Rapunzel from me."
The old woman said, quietly. The prince turned back to the window, but the old
woman had the hair. "If you don't want to spend the rest of your life as a
toad," She continued, "I suggest you do as I say."

	"What do you want, witch?" The prince asked, trying not to quiver in
fear.

	"Accept your punishment and I will let you go free."

	"Free as a man?" The prince queried, suspiciously.

	"Yes, boy." The witch replied, "Do we have deal?"

	"Yes," The prince agreed.

	The old woman picked up a stick from the floor. It was the thin,
thorn-covered branch of a rose-bush. "Take off your clothes and bend over." She
said.

	The prince was horrified. But since the alternative was life as a toad,
he complied. His screams could be heard throughout the tower as the old woman
whipped his ass with the thorny branch. The bloodcurdling sounds reached
Rapunzel's ears. She'd cried herself asleep, but she awoke and began to cry for
her lover.

	Finally, the old woman tosses the bloodied whip aside. The prince had
fallen to his hands and knees sometime during the whipping. His back and ass was
torn with many small cuts, still bleeding. He was crying aloud, tears streaming
down his face. "Stop that mewling, boy!" The old woman said sharply, "Stop it at
once or you'll get more."

	The prince heard this threat clearly, despite his misery. He quieted and
slowly got to his feet. "May I go now?" He asked, in a strained voice.

	"Not yet. Get on the bed." The old woman replied, stripping off her
clothing. The prince laid on the bed, his mind too numb with trauma from the
whipping to comprehend the old woman's intentions. He'd never been physically
mistreated in all his life before this night. So, when the old woman straddled
him and began to handle his cock, his was totally surprised.

	"What are you doing???!!" He yelled.

	"What the hell does it look like I'm doing?" The old woman snapped back.
She tugged his cock a few times, seemingly testing whether it would detach or
not. The prince yelped and tried to protect his cock but she slapped his hands
away. "Damn, I don't have any of those herbs." She muttered to herself. She
began sucking the head of the prince's cock. This got no response so she licked
his balls. Nothing. "Get hard, boy!" She commanded.

	"I can't." The prince replied, fearfully.

	"I see." The old woman said bitterly, "I'm not to your liking, am I?"
The prince wisely remained silent. She maliciously cupped his balls and began to
squeeze. The prince screamed, his voice rising higher and higher. The old woman
squeezed as tightly as she could for a few seconds then let go. The prince
attempted to curl up in a ball but the old woman wouldn't let him. Surprisingly
strong, she pushed his shoulders back down and squatted above his face. "You
know what to do." She said. The prince half-heartedly began to lick her pussy.
It tasted unlike any other pussy he'd ever tasted in his short but promiscuous
life. It tasted the way sulfur smelled. He barely managed to control his gag
reflex and continue caressing that hell-pussy with his tongue.

	The old woman began to moan, she gripped his longish black hair with
hands and pulled. She moved up and down, and side to side, rubbing her pussy on
the poor prince's face. She came, spurting a small amount of juices. A few drops
of her juices rolled down the planes of the prince's cheekbones and splashed
into his eyes. It stung and he blinked to clear his eyes. He opened his eyes. Or
so he thought. He tried again. His eyes were open, but he could not see
anything.He screamed. The old woman cackled with laughter. "Well, boy, there's
only one thing that can restore your sight."

	"Tell me!" The prince cried.

	"It's in the forest." The old woman said. Although he couldn't see it,
the prince deduced that she was getting dressed from the rustle of coarse cloth.
Then the old woman dressed him. She helped him to stand and led him out down the
stairs and out of the tower. She led him deep into the forest. Then she stopped
and let go of his hand.

	"Are we there? Where is the cure?" The prince asked desperately.

	The old woman laughed cruelly. "Why would I tell you what the cure is?"

	"NOOOO!!!" The prince screamed, "You have to tell me!!" The old woman
continued to laugh and he could tell from the volume that she was leaving. He
tried to follow her but he stumbled into a tree and fell. He got up and again
tried to follow her but there was only silence now.

	The old woman returned to the tower and let Rapunzel out of the closet.
"Your prince is dead." She told her. Rapunzel had no more tears left to cry but
her heart broke. "We are leaving this tower and finding a new home where no-one,
prince or not, will disturb our peace." Rapunzel followed the old woman up the
third floor to get her belongings. As the old woman momentarily paused before
the window, a sudden vengeful impulse drove Rapunzel to reach out with both arms
and shove her out of the window. The old woman fell screaming, and landed with
only the sound of her body hitting the ground. Her neck was broken.

	As she stared down at the old woman's body, Rapunzel remembered that she
had the key. After a few minutes of intense panic due to fear of being trapped
in the tower forever (she didn't realize she'd starve long before forver), her
head cleared. She went down to the ground floor, seized the ax they used to chop
firewood, and began to hack at the door. It took her a few hours, but she
finally made a hole large enough for her to crawl through. She headed for the
forest, following the same path she'd watched the old woman take everyday of her
life.

	

	It took her many hours, but she finally found her prince. He'd collapsed
from emotional and physical exhaustion after stumbling around for hours. The sun
was beginning to rise when Rapunzel ran to him and sat next to him, cradling his
head in her lap. The prince awoke. "Rapunzel?" He asked hopefully.

	"Yes, it's me, darling." She began to cry. "She said you were dead."

	"I'm worse than dead," The prince said bleakly, "I'm blind." But as he
spoke these words, Rapunzel's tears fell into his eyes and his sight returned.

	As would be expected, they were both very happy. They fucked right there
in the forest before trying to find their way back to the tower. It took them a
day of wandering, but they finally reached the tower. The prince's horse was
still where he'd been tied. The prince helped Rapuzel up onto his horse, and
climbed up behind her. They rode off into the sunset without ever commenting on
the old woman's corpse.

	Since Rapunzel had had absolutely no socialization, her first few months
as a princess were quite difficult. She ended up in many situations that would
have caused great embarassment and/or trouble for ordinary people. But people
were willing to put with her blunders since she was married to the son of a
rather tyrannical king. As is usually the case in these kind of stories, she and
the prince lived happily ever after.

~The End~




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jayne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





