BDSM Library - The Hunt




The Hunt
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A group of swingers sponsor a contest in which the wommen try to get past the men to reach a prize.  Those captured in the effort are subjected to gang bang sex and B&D.The Hunt  
My wife Jenny is a tall slender blond with tight breasts about the size of
  small apples and long sexy legs. I have marveled ever since we met that such
  a beautiful woman would have interest in plain old me. When we met we had both
  been virgin and had remained such until after we had been engaged for six months.
  Even after marriage our sex life was so conservative that we normally made
  love in the man on top position with the light off. She rarely allowed me to
  see her naked and wouldn't ever consider any form of sex other than straight
  intercourse. This situation continued for almost a year after our vows and
  then began to gradually change. We slowly began to discover more of our sexuality
  and to my surprise, and delight, I found Jenny to have a kinky side concealed
  under her puritan exterior. I discovered that she liked to expose herself to
  me and others, that she enjoyed a small amount of pain inflicted to her nipples
  and/or clit just before climax, and most astounding of all she loved sex with
  multiple partners. This revelation did not happen suddenly, rather it was the
  result of a long hard campaign on my part to get her to open up and enjoy sex
  more. The change had begun with experimentation at enacting fantasies, this
  lead to swinging and group sex. We found that we both loved sex in any form.
  I loved to watch as well as participate and for me the sight of my wife climaxing
  while riding a strange cock was the ultimate experience. As for Jenny she enjoyed
  multiple male partners and if they got a little rough so much the better. She
  had pierced her clit and nipples mainly because this increased the sensations
  applied to her erotic areas during sex and made her cum harder. She would sometimes
  ask me to pull on her rings when she wanted to get really hot; she called the
  jewelry in her sensitive areas her cum buttons. We would joke that all I had
  to do to get her hot was push her buttons.  
We had been exploring our kinky side for about a year and been active swingers
  for about three months, when the events surrounding this story occurred. Our
  swinging group which required an annual test for HIV, met monthly and had a
  membership of about fifty couples; of these we were close friends with about
  a half a dozen couples that we sometimes met with outside of the club. Our
  group was joining up with several other groups from adjoining states to sponsor
  an annual event they called the Hunt. The Hunt had started as a game within
  our group and had expanded to include other nearby groups becoming larger each
  year. Our friends urged Jenny to participate as a contestant saying that if
  she won or lost she would enjoy the experience. She asked them about the event
  and was told that it was like the reality shows on T.V. except that you didn't
  have to live on a deserted island, just get away from a bunch of horny guys.
  She then asked what happens if you don't get away. Her friends just grinned.  
The hunt was scheduled to take place on the last weekend of the month at
  farm nearby. One of the members offered its use each year because it was mostly
  wooded and very remote. My wife, my friend Dave, and I drove out to meet Babs,
  Dave's wife, who was already there helping set things up. We arrived near the
  farm house early that morning and parked in a grassy field among many other
  cars. We could hear voices from the other side of the house so we walked in
  that direction. We found several hundred men standing around some picnic tables.
  Nearby were a smaller number of women some of whom we recognized from the club.
  One of our club members climbed up on to a table and called for attention.
  He explained the rules, each of the men had paid an "entrance" fee, (this got
  some chuckles from the men) of $250 dollars. All contestants, male and female,
  had been required to be tested for HIV and provide the results in order to
  enter the game. This money would be placed in bank deposit box with a token
  used to claim the key at the finish line. He pointed at a hand drawn map. This
  year this amounted to over $75,000. The men would be given a head start in
  order to move into the woods between the farm house and the finish line ten
  miles away. Then after thirty minutes the women could start. The boundaries
  were gravel roads on each side, the paved road which we had entered the farm
  on, with a river forming the finish line. The area started out narrow, about
  five miles, and widened toward the river to over ten. The speaker using the
  map, pointed at a trail which ran across the property a few miles north of
  the house. "This is the foul line. No man can be on this side of the trail
  when the ladies leave the farmstead. You can drive up the boundary roads and
  park when ever you choose or you can run across the fields so long as you are
  north of the trail by the start time. You have been given whistles to signal
  each other and a code sheet to use. If you catch one of the ladies she is yours
  to do with as you please for the remainder of the weekend. However you must
  let your captive go once she has satisfied your group to the point that no
  member of your group can produce an erection within five minutes. No permanent
  damage may be done to your captives but anything else is expected and considered
  part of the game. The ladies have all signed a wavier and know what to expect
  if caught. Once they get to the river you may not stop them, and if they get
  to the fishing shack which is about mid-way along the river, the money is theirs.
  The money is in a safe deposit box at the local bank so all they need to do
  is pick up the token in the shack then get the key for the box from me here.
  No men are allowed within 100 yards of the shack. There are observers located
  throughout the area and rules will be enforced strictly." He then asked if
  any of the ladies wanted to drop out, and got no takers. He indicated a table
  nearby and told the women that only the items on that table could be taken
  away from the farmstead. He turned to the men and announced that a consolation
  prize could be enjoyed in the barn for anyone who gave up the hunt. About two
  thirds of the women then moved to the barn. A dozen women remained. Jenny's
  friend Babs called over her shoulder to me, as she walked across the grass,
  saying that she would take care of me right now if I wanted to concede. The
  speaker sounded an air horn and started a timer. Some of the men ran for their
  cars others began to jog north toward a corn field bordering the farm house.  
I joined the joggers. Looking back I could see Jenny picking out her gear.
  There was not much to choose from. On the table lay twelve pairs of athletic
  shoes, bottles of water attached to wide belts, and wide brim hats. Women were
  doffing their clothing and picking up their gear as I turned back to make my
  way north. I noticed that most of the male runners had gear of their own. Everything
  from canteens to rope and even a few electric cattle prods could be seen. I
  wore a surplus army camouflage uniform and canteen with some energy bars in
  a pouch. I also had a pair of binoculars hanging from my neck. It was hard
  to jog with the binoculars so I found it necessary to hold them in one hand.
  I stuck with Dave, Bab's husband, as he had promised to show me a good spot
  from which to watch. We arrived at Dave's chosen spot in about fifteen minutes.
  It was a small wooded hill overlooking the trail. We could see down the trail
  for most of its length and could not easily be seen from where we were. Dave
  had pre-positioned some equipment here for us. He showed me a sort of blind
  which we could wait in and passed me some army grease paint. He colored his
  face and hands with the green and black grease stick and showed me how to cover
  my skin. We had just finished with our paint when the horn sounded. I flopped
  on my belly and began to scan the woods with my binoculars when he moved next
  to me. He cautioned me about allowing light to reflect from my lens and showed
  me how to shade them to prevent this. From time to time I was able to spot
  women sneaking through the brush, but none were close enough to start a pursuit.
  After about an hour I saw a small group of men moving back toward the barn.
  They had evidently succumbed to the lure of a sure thing and decided to start
  the consolation party.  
 Then off to my left I heard a short whistle blast which meant a hot pursuit.
  Shortly thereafter came two whistles which meant a catch. I looked that direction
  and saw a young brunette being herded into a clearing. Her captors were urging
  her on with a cattle prod and a jockey's whip. Once they had her tied spread
  out on her back one of the men blew his whistle two long blasts, which meant
  that they would share with other groups. Soon men were moving trough the trees
  in that direction. Returning to my search I was just in time to see a beautiful
  redhead cross the trail about 100 yards west of the hill. I pointed her out
  to Dave who expressed interest. We began to quietly move down the hill on an
  interception course. We had gone about fifty yards when he stopped and motioned
  me to hold. I could hear movement from our front left a short way off. Looking
  in that direction I saw our quarry. She was moving cautiously through the trees.
  She would stop and look right and then left before continuing a short way then
  scanning her front again. We had been fortunate in that she had missed us due
  to some brush blocking her line of sight. She was now crossing our path and
  we were to her left rear flank. She wasn't even looking our way anymore, concentrating
  on the area to her front. We began to move toward her and had closed to within
  ten yards when she either caught movement in the corner of her eye or heard
  something. She turned and looked Dave right in the eye, panicked and froze
  momentarily, then turned and bolted. I had charged the instant she turned and
  tackled her before she took two steps. Dave stood and blew one long blast which
  meant stay away this one is ours. I found myself lying on top of a lovely young
  woman. She was naked except for shoes and a belt with water bottle. She smiled
  at me and offered herself by spreading her legs. I was not long in taking advantage
  of this and soon was riding her with her legs wrapped behind my back. Dave
  knelt next to us and fondled her breasts. Before long he had his turn at her
  as I didn't last long. After they finished she arose and we led her back to
  our blind. Dave offered her some food from our stash and we sat and talked.
  She belonged to a swingers group from out of state and had traveled here with
  her husband the previous day. She provided us with a contact number which I
  wrote in a pocket notebook I had brought. We promised to get in touch later.
  She told us that several of the women contestants were prostitutes who thought
  this might be their big break and most of others were club members like herself.
  She explained that she was here for the adventure and didn't expect to win.
  Dave moved over to Red at this point and pulled her down beside him. She moved
  one leg over his body reached down and inserted his hard member into her body.
  She rode him hard sitting upright. Then she leaned over and kissed him while
  he played with her small tight breasts. I knelt behind her and fingered her
  anus. After loosening her up I inserted my cock and we had a nice double penetration.
  We all three climaxed at almost the same instant and lay intertwined enjoying
  the feeling of closeness for a time. She then asked me to move, which I did.
  She stood and indicated that it had been more than five minutes and she didn't
  see a hard-on. Dave cautioned her about the large group to our east and handed
  her his binoculars. The group in the clearing was easily visible though the
  staked out captive was hard to see with a group of about 30 men around her.
  Red, to my surprise did not head north. She turned toward the clearing and
  moved in that direction. She had moved to within 50 yards of the action without
  being spotted. She then deliberately trod on a large branch making a snapping
  sound and when several of the crowd turned toward her broke into flight. Soon
  we saw her being prodded into the clearing. I watched while she was staked
  out along side of the brunette.  
Dave and I decided to walk over and join the group in the clearing. As we
  approached several men called out to Dave and welcomed us. The brunette was
  a somewhat chunky gal of about thirty something. She was being fucked hard
  by a large man with an enormous cock. I recognized him as a bouncer at one
  of the clubs which Jenny and I had attended when we first began our adventures.
  I remembered that he was one of the security personnel for the hunt and wondered
  who was watching the store. Looking around I saw two more of the clubs bouncers
  watching from the woods. Red had two men using her and didn't seem to mind
  at all. In fact she was enjoying it thoroughly. One of the men had an electric
  prod which he waved about. When shifts were changing between fucks he would
  threaten to poke red with it. She finally told him that if that's what turned
  him on he should do a good job of it and be sure to hit her clit. I thought
  she was joking but was soon proved wrong when he placed the tip right on her
  engorged pussy and shot her a good jolt. She arched her back and screamed,
  but then made thrusting motions with her hips and encouraged the next lover
  to mount. She began to climax as soon as he did. The prod man then began to
  experiment with her tits, shocking her nipples until the guy on top of Red
  told him to bug off because he was getting some of the current.  
We moved on as I was interested in finding Jenny. Although, we followed several
  whistles to gangbangs, we did not locate her. We began patrolling the woods,
  and even though we managed to locate several more un-whistled groups we still
  couldn't locate Jenny. It was getting dark so we went back to my car and got
  Dave's night vision goggles. We then drove out to the river where we found
  Dave's car. Neither of us could understand how it got there but figured that
  Babs must have been the one who parked it there for some reason. We left the
  cars and moved toward the shack stopping about 500 yards away. Here we caught
  our second captive. She had almost made it to the shack when we grabbed her.
  She was very angry and fought us like a tiger. I loved it. Since we were both
  somewhat worn out at this point we blew the whistle after we each had a turn,
  and left her with the group of guys who showed up.  
We started back toward the cars then and noticed a large group near the river
  who had a fire going. On investigation we finally found Jenny. She was surrounded
  by over fifty men. She was enthusiastically participating, riding the guy on
  the bottom while offering her mouth to another. A third man was behind her
  buried deep in her anus and just hanging on. Her hips moved like a pendulum
  making his task difficult. As we watched the man receiving oral sex pulled
  out and shot onto Jenny's face. Another man moved to take his place. I pushed
  my way into the fire and knelt beside Jenny. She assured me that she was fine,
  or as she put it; "best ever". So I decided to help. Reaching under her I found
  her clit rod. She had pierced her clit vertically from top to bottom and wore
  a jeweled rod through it length. I pulled and twisted on the rod until her
  clit looked like a pretzel. She was ecstatic; a little pain in her clit always
  set her off. With my free hand I snagged a nipple ring and turned it twice
  around making her tit develop a spiral pattern. She came harder. I knew that
  once she started to climax she would cum all night so I withdrew from the fire
  and watched from the edge of the crowd. Jenny's lovers would shoot their loads
  into her body then roll aside to be replaced by the next man. By morning she
  had exhausted most of them and was still climaxing in a steady rhythm. I could
  tell she was sore and tired but didn't want to quit yet as she could still
  get her guys to make her cum a few more times. I found that I had recuperated
  enough to achieve an erection from watching. I got in line and when my turn
  came, slid into the slipperiest cunt I have ever felt. She smiled down at me
  and made an extra effort please me. I could feel the cock of her anal partner
  as he moved within her. Watching her eyes as she came yet again set me off.
  Finally the last dick was soft and I helped her to her feet and we moved toward
  the car. She was a mess, covered from head to foot with semen and absolute
  rivers of it running down her legs. There were scratches from branches on her
  body, and leaves matted with cum in her hair. We had walked about fifty yards
  when she turned to me and suggested we move to the river. Thinking she wanted
  to bathe I readily agreed. Then I saw her true meaning when she the said, "Too
  late. We didn't make in time." After enough sex Jenny eventually gets to the
  point where she can't cum any more and once that happens she loses interest.
  It had only happened once before after a massive gang bang one night at the
  club. I looked up and saw a group of five men moving toward us. Jenny lay down
  in the grass and said "make it quick I'm very sore." I started to say that
  she was my captive and they should look elsewhere, when I caught the look on
  Jenny's face. She wanted this last fuck for a sort of closing. I watched as
  she took them on and proved to herself that she still could. We then moved
  to the river where she swam into the cool water and washed most of the slime
  from her body. When we got to the cars she explained that she had waited at
  the barn with Babs until nightfall, and then moved along the shoulder of the
  boundary road to where Babs had left the car for her. This explained why it
  was left there. Right from the start she had figured that most of the guys
  would be patrolling the center at night. Turns out she was right. She made
  it to the river with little trouble after dark, having to hide and wait for
  passing guys only twice. Once at the river she moved along the safe area to
  the shack, got the money token and returned to the car. She was surprised to
  find our car there as well as Babs'. She then moved back into the hunting area
  leaving the token in the trunk. She had seen the fire and allowed herself to
  be captured. This had been when we found her.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  D Swanson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





