BDSM Library - Headmistress' Favorite Sport




Headmistress' Favorite Sport
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Dennis is turned into a sissy-slave by his twin sisters before being sent off to meet a truly evil "educator".Headmistress' favorite
    sport   
By 2NN   
Authors note:   
Be warned: This
    one is more than a little extreme.   
This story should
    not be shown to, or be read by, minors. It is strictly adult material.   
Prologue   
The twins Joanna
    and Jocelyn watched their older brother, Dennis, with contempt. They both
    thought that he was a complete wimp, a weak little sissy. Being related to
    the useless creep was embarrassing. Not only was he small and weak, his tiny
    hands and feet combined with his very fine features made him look more than
    a little feminine. Furthermore he wasn't exactly the sharpest tool in the
    shed. If he had been a girl he would have been called an airhead. He was
    their mother's favorite and she always pampered him at the expense of his
    kid sisters. Dennis was seventeen and the twins were sixteen but to the casual
    observer it would seem that the twins were at least nineteen and that Dennis
    was sixteen at the most. They were much more mature and physically well developed.
    Both the twins and Dennis went to high school, but whereas the Dennis had
    yet to have a sexual encounter with anyone but himself, the twins were already
    experienced man-eaters. Both had several sexual affairs behind them, but
    most people didn't know just how experienced they were. Not only had they
    slept with more than one boy, they had also slept with more than one girl.
    Neither had had anyone you would call either a boy- or a girlfriend, only
    torrid sexual encounters that left the ones they had had sex with dazed at
    the intensity of the sex. For that reason they didn't have a reputation for
    being loose. Whoever they had been in bed with always kept quiet about it.
    The most well kept secret, which not even Dennis or their mother suspected,
    the reason neither had a boy- or a girlfriend was that they were lovers.
    The twins had exactly the same taste in everything and their taste ran more
    to girls than boys and both thought the other was terribly sexy. So they
    were lovers. Whenever they were sure no one was looking they kissed or had
    sex if there was time. Joanna and Jocelyn were partners in everything.   
Dennis definitely
    didn't like the way his sisters were looking at him. They had that special
    smile on their faces, which told him that he was in for a hard time. Dennis
    knew that he wasn't the smartest guy in the world and that his sisters were
    both far superior in both physique and brains, but he was smart enough to
    recognize that look on Joanna's and Jocelyn's faces. They were up to no good.
    Dennis had felt inferior to his sisters for most of his life. They had almost
    always been smarter and stronger, but in recent years the difference had
    become bigger and bigger. Whereas the twins had grown into young adults,
    Dennis seemed to remain a teenager. Tiny hands and feet, thin wrists, almost
    feminine features, practically no facial hair and a very light voice; all
    branded him as a wimp. He was no good at sports and he struggled with even
    the simplest things in class. He had no friends and the only person who seemed
    to love him was his mother. She was terribly concerned at his lack of growth
    and wanted him to see a doctor about it. Dennis knew that he would go to
    the doctor eventually, even if he hated the idea, but he also knew that it
    wouldn't be right away. They were not terribly well off and a visit to the
    doctor would probably require his mother to ask her sister Rachel for money,
    and his mother hated that.   
Aunt Rachel was
    very rich. She had made her money first as a stockbroker and since as a venture
    capitalist and she had been enormously successful. Not even thirty-five she
    was already retired with enough money to last more than twenty lifetimes,
    even if she was lavish with it. Rachel had married Tony a huge black guy,
    much to the dismay of her parents. But now that they were dead no one cared
    if Tony was black, only that the man was very mysterious. No one but Rachel
    knew where he came from and more than a few suspected that he had married
    her for the money.   
His own mother,
    Susanna, was the older of the two. Susanna had had considerably less success.
    She was thirty-eight now. When she had been nineteen she had married Dennis'
    and twins' father, Tom. Tom had been a lot like Dennis, small and weak but
    the two had been happy, if not rich. Neither had any real education and worked
    odd jobs, Susanna as a waitress and Tom as a cab driver. When Dennis had
    been seven his father had disappeared. He had seemingly driven his cab to
    the buss station and taken the first buss out of town. Although no one could
    remember him buying a ticket or getting on the buss, there was no indication
    of foul play and everybody believed that he had just had enough and run out
    on his wife and three kids.   
With her husband
    gone Susanna had to work two jobs to make ends meet. Her younger sister had
    offered to take all of them in, but Susanna had refused. The two sisters
    weren't the best of friends and it was only after great persuasion that Rachel
    convinced Susanna to accept money to pay for the kid's education. The twins
    had been very disappointed that they weren't going to go live with their
    aunt. The twins were very fond of their aunt and spent many afternoons and
    weekends in her company.   
Dennis thought
    of this as he watched his sisters smile ominously at him. Things were not
    going his way, but he had no idea that things were soon about to get a lot
    worse. This was the reason for the twins' smiles. They had a pretty good
    idea of what was going to happen. They spent a lot of time at their aunt's
    house because they liked their aunt a great deal. She was the only one they
    knew who was as perverted as they were. Aunt Rachel knew all about their
    love affairs, including the one they had with each other. She regularly had
    sex with the twins and she treated them as her natural heirs. Aunt Rachel
    had hatched a truly evil plan, which would change all of their lives for
    good. Rachel despised her sister as a useless underachiever and had wanted
    to get to her for a long time. Rachel had found out just how desperate her
    sister was financially. If she lost one of her waitressing jobs, she would
    be unable to pay the rent. Times were hard and there were no other jobs to
    be found. Rachel had also found out that one of the places Susanna was working
    was about to go bankrupt.   
Rachel wanted the
    whole family to come live with her so that she could take control and the
    twins were in on the plan. To make sure that her sister would have no choice
    but to come live with her, Rachel pulled a few strings. This would result
    in Susanna losing her other job as well, making sure that she came to live
    with her sister. Once this happened Rachel would take charge. She had long
    had a fantasy about turning Susanna into her slave and soon she would do
    just that. She would turn her older sister into a groveling nymphomaniac
    slave.   
But the truly evil
    part of the plan had been hatched by the twins. The wanted to turn their
    brother into a real sissy, a shemale slave. They had already started the
    preparations and had for more than two years secretly been feeding him female
    hormones. This was the reason for his weak physique. He hadn't been given
    enough hormones to grow tits or other outright feminine features, but that
    was only a question of time. The hormones were very special, not pure female
    but rather a product that promoted certain feminine traits, while ensuring
    that some male traits remained or were even enhanced. Dennis for instance,
    could get an erection. Not only could he get an erection, but also the hormones
    made him terribly horny all the time. The twins had a camera in his room
    and reported with glee that he masturbated almost constantly. Dennis thought
    that the horniness was a normal part of growing up.  
Chapter 1   
When Susanna lost
    her second job only two days after losing her first; she had no choice but
    to accept her sister's kind invitation. Susanna had been loath to do so because
    of two things. Firstly there was pride. Although she had accepted Rachel's
    offer of help with paying for the children's school, she had taken pride
    in the fact that she could take care of her family even after her husband,
    Tom, ran of. Secondly there was the fact that she didn't really like her
    sister all that much. Although she couldn't put a finger on it, she distrusted
    her sister's generosity. There had to be a catch.   
But there seemed
    to be nothing. Susanna and her children were welcomed by Rachel, who had
    assigned each a room. The twins were of course delighted that they should
    live with their aunt, but Dennis looked even more depressed than usual. The
    first few days were actually a nice reprieve from all the hardship they had
    been through. The kids could concentrate on school while Susanna tried to
    find a new job. Rachel actually helped her quite a bit, but times were hard
    and there was nothing to come by. While Susanna tried to get a job, Dennis'
    struggles at school became worse. He was now so far behind, his grades so
    bad, that he was on the verge of being kicked out only two months before
    the summer vacation.   
Susanna was sitting
    one morning talking about this with Rachel. The kids were at school and Rachel
    had convinced Susanna to take a day off from the job search and just relax.
    And she was relaxing. Her relationship with her sister seemed warmer than
    it had ever been as they sat in the sofa sipping coffee. Susanna did most
    of the talking while Rachel sat nodding sympathetically. As Susanna talked
    Rachel moved gradually closer until she sat right next to Susanna. She began
    massaging Susanna's neck softly and gently. Susanna stopped talking and looked
    at her sister wonderingly. What was she doing? It wasn't normal for sisters
    to be so intimate with each other. Just as she opened her mouth to object,
    Rachel pounced. She grabbed Susanna's neck and held her head firmly as she
    kissed her sister deeply, her tongue exploring her older sister's mouth in
    detail. Susanna recoiled with a small scream: "What are you doing?" she shouted
    in a high-pitched voice as she stood up and backed away. Rachel also stood
    up and as she advanced on her Susanna noticed how much in control she seemed.
    Rachel was dressed in her usual fine, white silk shirt and wore a narrow,
    navy skirt ending just above the knee. She wore navy high-heeled shoes, with
    four-inch stilettos. As she advanced on Susanna she brandished a Taser as
    she spoke calmly to her victim: "I've dreamt about fucking you for a long
    time, about turning you into my bitch. Now I'm doing it." Susanna saw the
    Taser and tried to slip past Rachel but she was too slow. Rachel pushed the
    Taser into the soft flesh of Susanna's belly and pushed the button. Susanna
    screamed and twitched before collapsing on the floor.   
Susanna as not
    quite unconscious as Rachel undressed her, cutting away her worn-out jeans
    and ripping her old T-shirt and she could feel Rachel groping her breasts
    before cuffing her hands together behind her back and cuffing her feet together.
    Then, with surprising ease, she flung Susanna over her shoulder and carried
    her to the elevator. Rachel's house had three stories above ground and Susanna
    thought that it had one basement level. This proved to be wrong as Rachel
    produced a special key and inserted it into the control panel in the elevator
    and turned it. After a short ride the elevator doors opened to a secret basement
    level. Here Rachel carried Susanna through one of many doors to what could
    only be described as a dungeon. Susanna was gaining more and more control
    over her body, but she was still unable to stop Rachel from securing her
    spread eagle to a rubber-padded cross, or more correctly a rubber-padded
    X. Straps soon held her at the wrists, elbows, knees and ankles. The X was
    in an upright position, so it looked a little like Susanna was standing up.   
As Susanna started
    to object Rachel slapped her face hard: "Shut up, you useless piece of shit!" she
    shouted, "You are nothing but a slave, so you had better start behaving like
    one." Before Susanna could recover from the shock Rachel turned on her heel
    and left the room. Susanna tried to get loose but it was hopeless and she
    began to get very afraid. Was her own sister really going to beat her and
    rape her? Surely this had to be joke. It just couldn't be true.   
But when Rachel
    returned Susanna realized that it probably was. Rachel had changed into something
    more appropriate. She wore black, knee-high boots laced up the front. The
    boots had six-inch stilettos with shiny metal tips. Other than that all she
    wore was a black, leather corset and black, rubber opera gloves. The corset
    didn't really constrict her waist, it just accentuated her figure and ended
    just below her breasts, which Susanna couldn't help but think were perfect.
    In her right hand she held a riding crop. Her long, jet-black hair was gathered
    in a tight bun at the back of her head making her look very severe and sexy.   
Susanna was too
    stunned to speak and instead Rachel started informing her about what was
    going to happen: "Susanna, you useless slut, I'm going to turn you into my
    little fucktoy. I've always known that you were a useless little shit, only
    suited for dominating and fucking. Now I'm going to act on it. Over the next
    weeks and months I'm going to turn you into a completely compliant little
    slave-slut and I promise that you are going to love your new life. Eventually.
    While I deal with you, the twins are going to take care of that useless little
    son of yours. We have it from a reliable source that he is going to be kicked
    out of school today. Once this happens no one is going to miss him and the
    twins can effectuate their evil little plan. They are going to feminize him
    and turn him into a sissy-slave. God knows he doesn't deserve any better."   
At the mention
    of her son Susanna began to object again. This time her objections were met
    with a severe whipping from Rachel, who didn't stop until Susanna was screaming
    and crying, begging her to stop. "Never speak unless ordered to, slave." Rachel
    told her sister. Then she stepped closer and grabbed Susanna's hair, drew
    her close and kissed deeply and passionately. Susanna tried to draw away
    but Rachel held her too tight. Rachel dropped the riding crop she had held
    in the other hand and assaulted Susanna's pussy. It had been years since
    Susanna had had a lover and Rachel knew all the tricks. In seconds Susanna
    found herself responding against her will. Her juices began to flow and suddenly
    she found herself responding to the kisses. She knew it was wrong but she
    couldn't help it. Her sister was too strong, too knowledgeable and soon Susanna
    felt a fantastic orgasm approaching. She forgot all her objections as she
    screamed and thrashed as the orgasm ripped through her. But Rachel didn't
    let her rest. She kept up her manipulation of Susanna's cunt and clit and
    within minutes Susanna came again. And again. And again. When Rachel finally
    withdrew Susanna hung limply on the cross, covered in sweat and panting with
    the exertion. "See slut, you are a little nymphomaniac." Rachel gently told
    her sister: "Give in and accept your slave state now and save yourself a
    lot of pain." Susanna cried while she shook her head. "Very well," Rachel
    replied, "have it your way."   
Rachel fetched
    two dildos. While Susanna watched wide-eyed, she lubed both up. The largest
    she pushed up Susanna's already sopping wet cunt, making Susanna squirm with
    delight. While she was still concentrating on the pleasure the dildo in her
    cunt provided, Rachel shoved the other up her ass. She had never had anything
    up her ass before Rachel had caught her off guard as she had concentrated
    on the sensations from her pussy. The intruder in her ass was most unwelcome,
    but Rachel held both her dildos in place while she secured them properly.
    Before she had inserted either of the dildos, Rachel had tied a belt around
    Susanna's waist. From the back of this belt hung a strap. This strap Rachel
    now pulled through Susanna's legs and secured it to the front of the belt
    as she tightened it, making sure that it held both dildos. There was no way
    Susanna was getting rid of her two intruders without help.   
Rachel stepped
    back and regarded her handiwork. "I'll leave you with these two running so
    that you can realize for yourself just what a hopeless little slut you are.
    Enjoy." With that Rachel left the dungeon, but before she left she activated
    the two dildos via remote control. Even though Susanna hated the dildo in
    her ass, she found that its effect when combined with that of the other dildo
    drove her into a frenzy of sexual delight. She came like a cannon again and
    again, writhing and thrashing with ecstasy. She lost track of time as she
    unable to concentrate on anything but the pleasure between her legs.   
At school the twins
    were ecstatic with delight. Dennis had been kicked out of school because
    of his dismal performance. The twins had known for two days that it would
    happen today. One of their lovers was Miss Robinson, the school's secretary.
    Miss Robinson was a forty-six year old spinster. Not only had she proven
    herself to be a lesbian, she had also turned out to be more than a little
    submissive. A year ago the twins, whom nothing got past undetected, had noticed
    the way she looked at some of the prettier girls at school. Seemingly no
    one else noticed, but the twins thought that it looked like conclusive evidence:
    Miss Robinson was probably a repressed lesbian. Miss Robinson was actually
    quite pretty, even if she looked a little severe and a little old-fashioned,
    and the twins thought it would be a great idea to have someone on the inside.
    One night when the twins knew that Miss Robinson would be working late they
    made up a pretext to visit the office. Finding Miss Robinson alone they struck
    up a conversation with her. Miss Robinson had been just about to call it
    a night when Joanna and Jocelyn came and she was glad to drop her work to
    have a chat. They were very nice girls, very friendly and the twins had been
    absolutely right about her sexual orientation. Once this became quite clear
    the girls made their move: Joanna leaned in close and kissed Miss Robinson
    on the mouth. Miss Robinson was taken completely by surprise and before she
    could object, the twins switched places and Jocelyn now kissed her. Only
    Jocelyn really leaned into it and kissed Miss Robinson deeply, exploring
    her mouth with her tongue. After a second or two Miss Robinson finally managed
    to regain her composure and draw away. "Girls, " she said in an out of breath
    voice, "you have the wrong idea. I'm not a lesbian and besides its wrong
    for an employee of the school to be ... kissing the students." Miss Robinson
    actually managed too sound dignified and reasoned as she said it, but all
    her reason and composure was for nothing. The twins had her number. The looked
    at each other and giggled. Then they turned to Miss Robinson and spoke: "Really?" Jocelyn
    asked. "I think that you are lying, Miss Robinson." Joanna continued. "We
    think you love it,  "   they
    said in unison. "We think you want more." As they spoke they advanced on
    the sitting Miss Robinson, approaching her from both sides. Miss Robinson
    wanted to object, but the words stuck in her mouth as Jocelyn gently put
    her hand on Miss Robinson's right breast and began to massage it. She became
    completely breathless as Joanna put her hands on the inside of her thigh
    at the same time as she began kissing her again, only this time more passionately.
    Miss Robinson had only weak and garbled protests as the twins quickly, but
    gently undressed her and laid her down on the carpeted floor. Here they made
    passionate love to her, their hands and mouths finding her every erogenous
    zone, making her cum again and again until she was nothing but a panting
    and screaming wreck, lying on the floor covered in sweat. Having sex with
    another woman for the first time in her life had a dream come through, but
    being ravished by two gorgeous girls at the same time was something out of
    her sexual fantasies.   
Without stopping
    to explain the twins kissed her goodnight and left, leaving her a note. Miss
    Robinson was unable to even dress herself for the first ten minutes, but
    eventually she gained some measure of composure and got around to reading
    the note. It simply said: "Tomorrow at your place, 6 PM. Wear something sexy." The
    note made her shiver all over again. They would be coming back? She couldn't
    believe her luck. She scurried home and slept uneasily, her dreams haunted
    by the twins. When she woke up, she found that she was extremely horny, her
    inner thighs almost dripping. It was as if the twins had awoken her long
    dormant sexual desire again. But it had returned a monster.   
The whole next
    day Miss Robinson spent in a state of sexual tension. She fumbled everything
    that day, stammered every sentence. She didn't see the twins during the day
    and as it was time to go home a terrible thought struck her: what if they
    weren't coming? What if they were just playing with her? She couldn't bear
    the thought and she was almost crying when she got home. Once home she pulled
    herself together. She picked out her nicest dress, a nice, simple satin dress
    with spaghetti straps. The dress was red and so were her shoes, pretty pumps
    with modest three inch-heels. They were her only shoes with something like
    a high heel. Neither the dress nor the shoes had been worn outside her house.
    They had been bought one day when she had felt the need to spoil herself.   
She settled in
    to wait, mentally preparing herself for a disappointment. As it turned out
    she needn't have bothered. At precisely six PM the doorbell rang and with
    her heart pounding Miss Robinson ran to open the door. At the door were the
    twins, just as promised. Miss Robinson felt a surge of heat, starting in
    her crotch, spreading throughout her whole body as she saw them. They were
    dressed extremely sexily, thought Miss Robinson. Jocelyn wore black boots,
    ankle high with six-inch stilettos, white leather pants that left nothing
    to imagination, a black leather top and a small, white leather jacket. Her
    raven hair was gathered in a ponytail and she looked absolutely stunning.
    Joanna wore the same thing, but with the colors somewhat reversed: black
    boots, black pants, white top and a black jacket. Between them they carried
    a large duffel bag. As Miss Robinson opened the door, the twins looked her
    over knowingly. "Well, well." Jocelyn remarked, "Aren't we the sexy one?
    Very femme." Joanna nodded approvingly as they let themselves in. Miss Robinson
    had lost her capacity for speech when she had seen the twins looking her
    over like some sex object. For years she had longed for someone to look at
    her in that way, and now that it happened she was lost for words.   
Not that she needed
    any. After the twins had closed the door behind them and set down their bag,
    they embraced Miss Robinson in a three-way embrace. After kissing her gently
    Joanna spoke: "Helen" she said, speaking Miss Robinson's first name, "We
    think you are about ready to start a new life." Jocelyn took over: "We think
    that the whole repressed lesbian bit is getting tired. It never suited you
    so we are going to throw it aside." Helen was getting so excited that she
    could hardly think as Joanna continued: "We think that the part you are really
    cut out for is that of a sex object. A sex slave, if you will. Jocelyn, shall
    we start?" Helen's heart almost stopped. Surely she couldn't have heard her
    right? She hadn't really said "slave", had she? Only in her deepest, darkest
    fantasies would Helen Robinson admit to having a submissive side, but the
    twins had apparently spotted it right away.   
There was no more
    time to think. The twins once again began seducing her and within a couple
    of minutes Helen was on her bed screaming with ecstasy. When she had come
    down from her orgasms, the twins were standing at the bedside. They were
    holding some strange items. Jocelyn held what looked like a big, red leather
    pouch and Joanna held a collection of straps and what looked like a big,
    red rubber ball on a strap. "Time to go the whole nine yards, you useless
    cunt." Jocelyn said as they pounced. Not only were they quick, they were
    strong and soon Helen was tied up. The pouch proved to be an armbinder holding
    Helen's arms behind her, its straps criss-crossing her chest. The ball was
    a ball-gag filling her mouth completely, wrenching her jaws apart and the
    straps had been used to hold her legs tied, calf to thigh. As a finishing
    touch the twins put a new pair of shoes on Helen, a pair of white stilettos
    with five-inch heels, equipped with locking ankle straps. As Helen sat helplessly
    whining on the bed Joanna grabbed her hair and spat into her face: "You are
    a useless little whore, a slut who needs to learn her place. Fucking cunt!
    But not to worry, slave. You'll learn." With that the twins picked up riding
    crops and started Helen Robinson's education.   
When they left
    Helen she was their property. Whatever doubt there had been at the beginning
    of the evening had been erased. While hammering her state as a lowly slave
    into her head, they had whipped her mercilessly. Her whole body was covered
    in red welts; her hands and face the only place they had left free. She had
    been forced to lick their pussies and asses all night long and they had finished
    by strapping on giant dildos and fucking her absolutely senseless. Because
    no matter how hard she had tried to deny it, Helen Robinson had loved it.
    Every minute of it.   
Since that night
    she had belonged to the twins, obeying their every command. Every day she
    went to school with a hairless body, Ben-wa balls lodged in her pussy and
    a big, fat butt plug up her ass. She wore rubber panties so her juices wouldn't
    spill down her legs, because all though she had been commanded to go to the
    toilet and masturbate three times a day, she was not allowed to cum. Only
    the twins were allowed to make her cum and they rarely did. Her home had
    been changed in profound ways, even if these were not immediately obvious
    to the casual observer. All the rooms above ground, except for the kitchen
    were now unused, but always kept neat and clean, like a museum of her former
    life. Helen now lived in the basement. When the twins weren't there to dominate
    her, which they rarely were, she was ordered to watch endless porno movies,
    all of them with S&amp;M content. When it was time to go to bed Helen carefully
    backed into her cage, which stood in the center of the floor. Mounted in
    the back were two dildos, which she had to impale herself on before shutting
    the door. On the inside of the door was a short little dildo, which Helen
    had to gag herself with, thus effectively insuring that she could only stay
    in one position. The cage was on a time lock and in the morning the cage
    opened and let her out to new day of slavery.   
She had a primitive
    shower with only cold water since a worthless slave-slut like her wasn't
    good enough for hot water and she went to the toilet squatting over the drain
    in the basement floor. All her food, always the same vegetable stew, was
    consumed from a doggy bowl on the floor. Over a long period of time the twin
    had changed her outward appearance. She now wore much more revealing clothes,
    but the most significant difference was her shoes. Helen now never wore anything
    with less than five inches of stiletto heel. Even at home she was never bare-footed.
    When she came home she immediately changed into seven-inch stilettos and
    her dog collar. She wore nothing else unless commanded to.   
All though she
    had cut off what little social life she had had and now lived like a slave
    in her own home, Helen Robinson was happy. Every night lying plugged and
    gagged and so horny that she thought she might burst, Helen Robinson thanked
    the twins before falling into steamy dreams. She loved the twins absolutely
    and she loved what they had done to her.   
And so it was that
    the twins knew everything that went on at the school, including that Dennis
    would be expelled for his dismal academic record. They knew that their aunt
    would pounce on their mother that day and they planned to do the same thing
    to their brother. Everything was in place. When Dennis came home from school
    that afternoon he would cease to exist. Instead a new person would occupy
    his old room. The new person's name was of course Denise. The twins readily
    admitted that the name was dreadfully unoriginal, but they insisted on it
    because it fit the little wimp so perfectly. As far as the twins were concerned
    their brother Dennis had been born to be turned into Denise.   
Dennis was terribly
    depressed as he walked home. What would he do now? He really had no idea
    what would happen, except that his sisters would probably ridicule him forever
    over this. Aunt Rachel would probably be polite about it, thereby making
    it even worse. The only one he could count on for comfort and support would
    be his mother. Mom would make it all right.   
But as he walked
    into the living room he found neither his mom nor Aunt Rachel. Instead he
    found his sisters sitting on the couch with big old smirks on their faces,
    like they knew what had happened. That was strange in itself, but what really
    stuck out was their clothing. Joanna and Jocelyn were dressed as he had never
    seen them before. They both wore ultra short, black leather dresses, with
    more than enough cleavage. The dresses had large cutouts in the back, leaving
    plenty of skin out in the open. The sisters wore black stilettos with six-inch
    heels. In the room was also Aunt Rachel's husband, Tony. Dennis had always
    found him to be a rather ominous figure, a huge black man with a face that
    was usually totally impassive. What Dennis didn't know was that Tony was
    hardly a gold digger who had married Rachel for her money. Tony had made
    his own fortune before he and Rachel met and fell in love. They were both
    deeply perverted and the match was perfect.   
Tony had also slept
    with the twins and they were in his humble opinion the most perverted people
    he had ever met. He was full of admiration for them and like Rachel he wondered
    at what they would become. For now he had to admire the tandem plans for
    the enslavement of Susanna and her son. He agreed completely with the twins:
    Dennis was already a little sissy-boy. It was only right to take him all
    the way.   
Meanwhile Dennis
    had recovered his wits, such as they were, and asked the twins: "What's going
    on? Why are you dressed like that?" The twins giggled and Joanna answered
    him: "We know that you've been kicked out of school for being too stupid." Dennis
    started to object: "But they promised no one would know until tomorrow." Jocelyn
    smirked: "Never mind that, you useless little sissy, you have bigger worries
    than that." Dennis was taken aback. There had never exactly been warm feelings
    between him and his sisters, but this was way beyond what they had ever said
    before. He didn't have a chance to reply as both sisters got up and closed
    in on him. "You are in for a surprise, you little shit." Dennis started to
    call out for his mom as he felt Tony grabbing his arms from behind. Both
    the twins and Tony laughed heartily at this. Without further small-talk Tony
    carried Dennis to the elevator as the twins led the way. Dennis fought all
    the way but it was useless as Tony held him in a vice grip. He was going
    nowhere. In the elevator he, like his mother, found out that the house had
    another level. With the sisters leading the way he was carried into dungeon.
    Here no words were wasted as Tony cuffed his hands above his head. The cuffs
    hung from a chain and as Tony raised the chain further, Dennis' feet left
    the ground. The pain in his wrists was terrible and he began to cry for help.
    This ended as Jocelyn jammed a huge red ball-gag into his mouth and secured
    its strap behind his head. Meanwhile Joanna and Tony had grabbed his ankles
    and tied them wide apart with rubber straps. Dennis now hung about a foot
    off the floor with his legs spread wide apart, gagged and completely uncomprehending
    as to what was happening. As he tried to understand the twins stood before
    him. Jocelyn began: "Dennis as we told you, you are in for a surprise. We
    have decided that we are not happy with the way you are." Joanna took over: "So
    we are going to change you. We are going to feminize you and turn you into
    a little shemale. It'll be great: you'll get to wear pretty clothes, high
    heels and make-up. And best of all: you'll suck dick and be fucked up you
    tight little ass all day long!" Joanna sounded genuinely pleased as Jocelyn
    took over: "Of course after a while you little ass won't tight at all." All
    three laughed at this and Jocelyn continued: "But first we'll have to prepare
    you a little. We'll make sure that you never have any body or facial hair
    again &ndash; ever. Then we'll clean you out so that you can start your new
    life clean."   
Dennis understood
    nothing. This couldn't be happening! He tried to scream and thrash, but to
    no avail. He was helpless as the twins taped his eyes shut and hid his longish
    hair under a bathing cap. Then they taped his eyebrows over before they began
    lathering him up with the most disgusting goo he had ever smelled. It felt
    clammy and cold against his skin and after only a few seconds it began to
    burn. He cried and screamed but heard only derisive laughter. After fifteen
    minutes or so he felt an ice-cold spray of water hitting him. When all of
    the goo had been sprayed off he was shivering with cold. Although he didn't
    know it for sure, he would never grow a single hair on either his face or
    body again.   
Before he had time
    to recover he felt someone trying to spread his ass cheeks and begin to apply
    something that felt Vaseline to his sphincter. His struggles intensified
    as he felt something pressing against his ring, trying to get into his ass.
    As he clenched his ass as hard as he could he heard Joanna's voice: "Don't
    struggle, you little sissy-shit! You'll only make it worse for yourself." Dennis
    didn't think that things could get much worse, but he was soon proven wrong.
    A girl's hand grabbed his balls and squeezed them viciously, pulling them
    downward at the same time. He now heard Jocelyn's voice; "Never ever disobey
    us you worthless little slave shit!" With every word she pulled and squeezed
    and Dennis became completely panicky with pain and fear. When Jocelyn stopped
    Joanna said: "Are you going to be good little sissy-slut and take your enemas
    as you should?" In desperation Dennis nodded vigorously. He then felt the
    rubber tube slipping into his ass. Is was definitely uncomfortable, but not
    as much as when they inflated the balloon-like thing at its end. The balloon
    made sure that he couldn't expel the tube on his own.   
Then the real discomfort
    began. He felt his bowels fill up with warm water until he thought that he
    would burst. When he could take no more, his gagged screaming having reached
    a high-pitched whining quality, they pumped some more into his belly. He
    could feel the skin of his belly distending. In this condition he hung for
    several long minutes before the balloon was deflated and a stream of watery
    shit exploded from his ass. It felt incredibly good to let go, but the good
    feeling didn't last. When the last shit had left his ass the tube was reinserted
    and the ordeal started all over again. After three more enemas he hung limply,
    crying hopelessly. He was shocked out of this when the icy water hit him
    again.   
When the twins
    thought that he was clean enough, they toweled him dry with a nice warm and
    fluffy towel. The tape over his eyes and eyebrows was removed, as was his
    bathing cap. He saw that the twin had donned rubber gloves and were standing
    in front of him. Jocelyn had mischievous smile on her face as she gently
    stroked his thigh: "Well little sister; wasn't that nice? There are definite
    advantages to being a slave too, Denise. One is that your real purpose in
    life is sex." Joanna quipped in: "And you've had precious little of that,
    isn't that right you slut?" Dennis no idea what was expected of him. It turned
    out nothing was expected of him as things got a lot stranger.   
Joanna lubed up
    her fingers on one hand and pried a single digit up his ass. He tried to
    squirm away but achieved nothing. In fact the gentle probing was quite nice
    as Joanna used her other hand to gently stroke his body. Jocelyn joined in
    the stroking. Soon Dennis was feeling surprisingly nice and it only got better
    when Jocelyn used her free hand to gently stroke his member to life. At first
    he was able fight it. It was wrong. Perverse and wrong! But it was also very,
    very nice and soon his cock was fully erect, his whole body moving with the
    rhythm. He exploded in a fantastic orgasm, his jism spraying out over the
    floor. The sister giggled to each other as they came around to stand in front
    of him. Here they embraced and kissed each other passionately, their hands
    roaming each other's bodies. Finally they broke it off and faced Dennis again.
    He told himself that he really shouldn't be surprised anymore, but he was.
    No matter how perverted he had thought his sisters were; they still had more
    surprises for him.   
"Now Denise" Joanna
    said, "In a few months you are going to begin school again. A special school
    that specializes in making perfect little sissies." "Until then," Jocelyn
    said, "we are going to prepare you for your new school. Since you are a slave
    nothing is ever going to be easy for you, but the next few months are going
    to relatively easy." Joanna smiled wickedly before continuing: "All that's
    going to happen is that you are going to learn a little fashion sense, learn
    how to apply make-up, learn how to suck cock and take it up the ass. And
    of course your hormone therapy is going to get a notch up." Seeing Dennis'
    surprise Jocelyn mocked: "Oh, you didn't know? Well we've been feeding you
    hormones for the past two years. Now you're going to get the proper dosage.
    Enough to give you little girly tits." The twins laughed as Dennis fumed.
    So that was why he had never grown taller! The bitches had planned it all
    along. His rage almost made him forget his situation, but Jocelyn brought
    it home to him by taking a cattle prod and shocking him badly on his inner
    thigh. As he jerked and tried to scream Joanna said: "Don't forget what a
    useless little shit you are. We are in control, so always remember to obey
    the first time. It's just as humiliating but a lot less painful. Now let's
    get you dressed properly."   
The first item
    was a pair of shoes. They were a pair of pretty pink stilettos with five-inch
    heels and ankle straps with cute little heart-shaped padlocks on them. They
    were at least one size too small, but that seemed to be part of the idea.
    Dennis had trouble keeping his balance in them as he was lowered to the ground,
    but his mind soon turned to other concerns. Not only did Jocelyn have a cattle
    prod, there was also Tony to consider so Dennis gave up the fight before
    it began and quietly allowed himself to be dressed. He was given no panties,
    only a very feminine nightie. It only reached just below mid-thigh and it
    was make of a fine, pink see-through material with pink furry edges. It was
    really an ultra-feminine garment. His hands were encased in a pair of mittens,
    where they were held as fists. The material looked like pink cotton, but
    once inside Dennis found that it was virtually impossible to even move his
    fingers. His hands were the cuffed in front of him, and around his waist
    a broad belt made of pink leather was secured, before his cuffed hands were
    secured to this. Then came a pink leather collar with matching leash and
    as a finishing touch his gag was replaced with a pink ball on a pink strap.
    Stumbling in his unfamiliar footwear the twins led him to a stool in front
    of a mirror. Here they cut his hair in a very pretty and very feminine fashion.
    It was made all the more easy because of his longish hair. Finally they applied
    make-up to his face. When they were done Dennis was stunned. If he had had
    breasts no one would have doubted that he was a girl. Well, there was the
    matter of his penis, which to his eternal shame was growing hard from looking
    at his pretty mirror image. "Well, well, well." Jocelyn said derisively, "It
    looks like the little bitch likes her own looks." In the background Tony's
    laughter boomed across the room. Dennis wanted to crawl into a hole with
    shame, but his erection still didn't go away. Finally the twins stood him
    up and walked him to the center of the room. "Now Denise, never forget that
    you are the lowest slave-slut on the planet. Everyone is better than you." Jocelyn
    said. "But that is no excuse not to perform at your very best," Joanna continued, "on
    the contrary it is all the more reason to try to prove that you may have
    some value. You will never succeed in proving this, but we demand that you
    always try." "And we begin now, Denise," Jocelyn told Dennis, "by learning
    how to walk properly." The twins then instructed Dennis in how to walk in
    high heels: always making sure that you had that sexy swaying in the hips,
    moving your ass in that "come fuck me"-way. It was very hard, but the girls
    made sure that "Denise" learned. One led him by the leash while the other
    punished the smallest transgressions by lifting up his pretty nightie and
    whipping his ass and the back of his thighs. Soon he was emitting little
    feminine screams behind his gag while tears rolled down his face, ruining
    his make-up. But eventually he got the hang of it, his skinny ass moving
    as invitingly as a seasoned call girl's. The girls drilled him for hours
    before they were satisfied: "Better." said Jocelyn when they stopped, "Now
    would Denise, the useless little sissy-bitch, like to see her mommy?" Dennis
    had wondered where his mother was, but in all the sissy training he had completely
    forgot about her. Now he began to fear that something bad had happened to
    her. Clearly the twins couldn't be alone in this. The twins didn't wait for
    his reply, but led him by his leash out of one dungeon and into the next.   
In the next dungeon
    Dennis got the worst shock of his life. Bent over at the hips and strapped
    by her arms and legs to a padded table-like construction was his mother.
    She was wearing only a pair high heels, a collar and a huge ball-gag. She
    was covered in angry, red welt and her body glistened with sweat. Behind
    her was Aunt Rachel. She still wore high-heeled boots, a corset and gloves
    and in her pussy, strapped in place, was a giant double-ended dildo, which
    she used to fuck Dennis' mom. While she fucked her she struck her with a
    riding crop she held in her right hand. But what really threw Dennis off
    was the way his mother's head was thrown back in ecstasy. She writhed and
    squirmed, moaned and screamed, but it was clearly from pleasure, not pain.
    He stood completely stunned, unable to move from the shock, but the twins
    would have none of it. They dragged him until he stood only a few feet from
    Susanna's face. At first she didn't even notice him with her eyes closed
    in ecstasy, but suddenly she saw that someone was standing in front of her
    and her eyes widening in shock she recognized who it was. Her mind may have
    stopped, but her body was unable to. Even as she saw Dennis dressed as he
    was, she still was unable to hold back the extreme feelings of pleasure.
    She was rapidly turning into a complete nymphomaniac, loving her sister's
    every touch. She wanted to stop the fucking and help Dennis, but she was
    tied up, and even if she had been unbound her body would have kept her in
    the same position. She desperately needed to be fucked.   
As Dennis stood
    there crying for his mom, Joanna whispered in his ear: "Isn't she one hot
    slave-bitch? Aunt Rachel knew it from the start and now everything is falling
    into place." Jocelyn whispered in his other ear: "As you are turned into
    the sissy-slave you really want to be, Mom is being turned into Aunt Rachel's
    little slave-maid, her own little fuck-toy. It sure looks like she enjoys
    it, don't you think?" Dennis did think so, but would never have admitted
    it. The twins didn't seem to want an answer. Instead they started their own
    manipulation of him. This time Jocelyn had her fingers up his ass while Joanna
    gave him a hand-job. The result was the same. Like his mother he was unable
    to control his body and soon he jerked his hips, moaned and shot his load
    right into Susanna's face. Aunt Rachel laughed heartily with the others: "Apparently
    it's a bimbo thing. The pretty blondes can't control their lust." Whereas
    the twins and Aunt Rachel and Tony of course, had black hair, both Susanna
    and Dennis were blondes.   
Neither Dennis
    nor Susanna could meet each other's eyes any longer and looked away. "Well,
    Auntie," said Joanna, "I think we need to continue the worthless bitch's
    training." Jocelyn finished: "Have fun. The cunt sure looks hot enough." Dennis'
    leash was jerked as the twins led him back into the other dungeon. For a
    few hours they continued his walking training, quickly taking his mind of
    what had just happened by again punishing the slightest transgressions. Once
    in a while they stopped his walking to give him more mind-blowing orgasms.
    Finally he could take no more and they led him to his room. Except it didn't
    look like his room anymore. The room had been completely redecorated. Everything
    had been painted pink: the walls, the ceiling, and the closets. The window
    now had pink curtains with white lace edges. His bed had been replaced by
    a white four-poster bed with pink sheets and covers and was now filled with
    fluffy pink pillows with lacy edges. His desk and the computer, which had
    stood on it, had been replaced by a make-up table with a large sectioned
    mirror. Everywhere he looked things were pink and girly and he had no doubt
    that the closet held not his old clothes, but loads feminine clothes and
    shoe. And of course he was right.   
"Before we tuck
    you in for the night," Joanna said, "I think it's about time that you got
    something to eat." She removed his gag as Jocelyn pointed to a doggy bowl
    in the corner: "There is your dinner, you useless sissy-bitch." The bowl
    was filled with a nasty looking gruel, but as he got closer he saw that the
    nastiness didn't stop there: on top of the gruel was a whitish substance.
    Joanna smirked as she saw him notice: "Yes, my disgusting little sissy-slave,
    that's jism. Your own in fact. We scooped it off the floor." "We feel that
    a slave should always clean up after herself, Denise." Jocelyn quipped in, "And
    besides, it's good for you. Now eat up or else." Dennis saw no other option
    than to get on his knees, lean forward and eat the glop in the bowl. As his
    mouth reached the "food" Jocelyn held his head down, while Joanna injected
    the contents of a very large syringe in to his left ass cheek. Dennis yelped
    in surprise and pain, but after recovering he saw no other option than to
    begin eating. "In case you're wondering," Joanna said, "I think your dinner
    will go well with the hormones we just injected you with. Eat all the food
    or you will be punished even more." Dennis cried as he ate the disgusting
    dinner.   
After dinner the
    twin prepared him for bed. First they brushed his teeth. Then they removed
    his clothes and gave him a couple of enemas for good measure. Before putting
    him in his bedtime clothes, they gave him a very nice bath. He sat naked
    with his hands cuffed behind his back in a small bathtub as the twins bathed
    him. It was nice and gentle and to top it off Jocelyn gave him a hand-job,
    once again making him jerk and scream as the orgasm tore through him. Although
    he hated admitting it to himself, he had begun looking forward to his sisters'
    caresses with eager anticipation.   
His nighttime clothes
    turned out to be the same as his daytime clothes: pink see-through nightie
    and pink high-heeled shoes with cure little heart-shaped padlock on the ankle
    straps. Again his hands were put in cute little pink mittens and secured
    to a pink leather belt around his waist. He was sat down on the bed and his
    legs were strapped together at the knees and ankles with pink leather straps.
    The twins then forced him to lie back on a pink sheet, which they then proceeded
    to roll him into, turning him into a pink sausage with only his pretty pink
    high-heels sticking out at one end and his blonde bimbo head at the other.
    Then they gagged him using a pink penis gag on a pink strap, before cutting
    off his vision with a soft pink blindfold with white lace trimmings. Placing
    him in the middle of the bed they held him there with straps, coming from
    under the bed, holding him at the ankles, knees, hips, stomach and chest.
    On his ears were placed earphones and to both hold them and his head in place
    a strap went across his forehead. Dennis was going nowhere. Finally they
    covered him with a blanket (pink of course) and kissed him goodnight. Dennis
    was tied so tightly that he could hardly wriggle. It felt somewhat claustrophobic,
    but for the first time Dennis began to feel something else as well: He felt
    erotic. The overwhelming number of forced orgasms, the sexy clothing, the
    intimacy in the twins' touch and of course the influence from the hormones
    all conspired to make Dennis, if not happy with, then accept it as quite
    erotic and sexy. He had to admit that he liked a lot the things they had
    done to him. He had always loved high heels. He hadn't dreamed of wearing
    them, but now that he did he liked it a lot. He also liked the pretty pink
    clothes they had given and the nice haircut. He had hated it just a few hours
    ago so he couldn't quite understand what was happening to him, but it wasn't
    all bad. As he fell asleep soft voices spoke inn the earphones: "I am a useless
    little sissy. I am a slave. I love to please my mistresses. I must never
    speak unless spoken to. I would love to suck a big fat cock...." The voices
    spoke to his sub-consciousness, urging him to accept his position as a sissy
    slave and instructing him in how to behave.  
Chapter 2   
Over the next week
    the twins trained him further. He was taught how to apply make-up and how
    to behave in a properly feminine and submissive manner and they trained his
    movements to be properly feminine. So as not to wear the skin of his ass,
    the twins introduced a new punishment tool for these training sessions. It
    looked like a pair of pink rubber panties. Inside was a large metal dildo,
    which of course went up his ass. In the front it allowed his cock to stick
    out but held his balls inside. Apart from squeezing his balls it had one
    other very painful capacity: when the twins were unhappy with his performance
    they pressed a button on their remote control and the dildo and the metal
    mesh that held his balls delivered a very painful electric shock. What was
    left of his disobedience and rebellion was quickly eradicated and combined
    with the frequent hand-jobs the twins gave him; he quickly turned into a
    submissive little slut. Even his mind gave in. He thought of himself more
    and more as not "Dennis" but "Denise".   
After about two
    weeks of training the girls thought it appropriate that he learn how to suck
    a cock. Dennis was dressed in a pink satin dress with white lace trimmings.
    On his feet were pink boots, ankle high with six-inch spike heels. His arms
    were held behind his back in a pink leather armbinder and he was kneeling.
    The twins knelt on either side of him. Jocelyn was dressed in a full-body
    red rubber suit and wore red leather boots with six-inch heels. Joanna was
    her mirror image, except that her outfit was black. In front of the kneeling
    Denise stood Tony. He was dressed in a discrete black suit, but out of his
    fly his not quite so discrete cock hung. It was huge and in spite of having
    practiced on large rubber dildos, Denise wasn't at all sure she could even
    fit it into her mouth. But she had no choice. She started out by stalling
    a little by kissing it gently, but a warning slap on her butt by Joanna made
    her open her mouth and try to take the monster in. She wasn't all that sure
    that she liked sucking cock until the twins changed her mind for her. They
    started up the dildo in her ass, not giving her electric shocks, but vibrating
    pleasantly. Over the last weeks Denise had come to associate the sensation
    of having something up her ass with the frequent hand-jobs the girls gave
    her and now she instantly became hard. She also increased her effort to provide
    a good blowjob. When this had been going on for a while Jocelyn grabbed Denise's
    cock and began stroking it. She timed it perfectly and when Tony shot his
    load down Denise's throat Denise shot her load on the floor. After swallowing
    as much of Tony's cum as she could, Denise was forced to lick up the rest,
    just as she was forced to lick up the leftovers from her own orgasm.   
Over the next weeks
    Denise found out that she loved giving head. Lying at night in her pink sissy
    cocoon, listening to her conditioning, she found herself thinking more and
    more about Tony. She loved sucking his big, black cock, but more than that
    she was getting a definite crush on him. She would blush whenever he looked
    at her and when he passed by she tried to steal glances in his direction.   
Denise was shedding
    the Dennis persona completely. The hormones were a big factor. She was growing
    tits. They weren't big, but rather small, girlish bumps with hypersensitive
    nipples. Her body was changing in other ways. Her hips and ass were getting
    an extra layer of fat, becoming more round and invitingly feminine. Her voice
    was still Dennis' annoyingly thin pre-teen voice, but the twins and Aunt
    Rachel (whom Denise now thought of as Mistress Joanna, Mistress Jocelyn and
    Mistress Rachel) had promised that something would be done about that once
    she started sissy-school. In the meantime she was ordered to shut up unless
    given a direct order to speak.   
The twins also
    rubbed her with a special cream regularly. It made her skin softer and more
    feminine. They had also started Denise on corset training. She was hung by
    her wrists and put into a pink leather corset extending from her hips to
    just below her budding breasts. It had steel inserts and constricted her
    waist something awful. It was only removed once a day when she had her bath;
    she even slept with it on.   
Her Adams apple
    was another matter, which her mistresses had promised would be taken care
    of. Until that happened, Denise always wore a pretty, pink leather collar.   
Once they had made
    sure that Denise was a willing participant in her own transformation, the
    twins stepped up the training a notch. Denise was turning into even more
    of a horny a super-feminine slut than they had dared hope for, and her stay
    at the school hadn't even started yet! In the meantime Denise was tied up
    less, although she was never left completely untied. It was doubtful if she
    would have wanted it. She seemed to enjoy bondage a great deal: the tighter,
    the better. All the mistresses used this in her sex training. She shared
    the bed of the twins as well as Rachel and Tony's bed. Being fucked up the
    ass while licking pussy, while she at the same time was tied up tightly was
    rapidly turning into one of her favorite activities.   
One of the reasons
    for Denise's rapid transformation was surely that here was finally something
    she was good at, even if it was just being a filthy, useless sissy-slut.
    Making people cum made Denise feel good, but surprisingly, at least to herself,
    it also felt good to be humiliated and punished. Not the pain, more the feeling
    of being dominated, of having relinquished control.   
Susanna was also
    well on her way to becoming the slave-maid Rachel wanted. Her transformation
    had been far more painful as she had fought Rachel every step of the way,
    but now Rachel had almost broken her completely. Susanna was in constant
    need of punishment to keep her in line, but what was breaking her was another
    need she had. Susanna had, just as Rachel intended, become a complete nymphomaniac.
    Denial of orgasm was the most powerful way to keep her in her proper place
    and Rachel had just begun to wield that weapon as it should be.   
And so it was that
    Rachel and the twins decided it was time for little family get-together.
    Susanna and Denise were brought together in the same room for the first time
    in weeks and left alone. Denise was dressed only in her pink stiletto ankle
    boots with six-inch heels, her pink corset and her pink collar. Her blonde
    hair was held in pretty pigtails, tied using pink silk ribbons. Denise's
    hands were tied behind her back in a pink leather armbinder. Her crotch was
    left uncovered and her cock stood almost erect, as if unsure of what to do.
    She was ungagged and stood looking insecurely at her mother. Susanna was
    tied and dressed in the exact same way, though her outfit was white instead
    of pink and her hair wasn't in pigtails. She also stood looking a little
    insecurely at what had until recently been her son. Susanna was unsure what
    Dennis had become, but he certainly wasn't a boy anymore. Had it not been
    for the half erect cock, Susanna would have been sure that he was a girl.
    A girl, who for all the overdone little girl's stuff and the excessive use
    of pink, was actually quite sexy. Reluctantly Susanna admitted to herself
    that "Denise" was turning her on. Denise for her part thought that her mom
    looked very sexy, but although she had now had sex with both her aunt and
    her sisters and was rapidly becoming a little nymphomaniac slut, she still
    had inhibitions about having sex with her own mother. It was wrong and unnatural!   
Neither knew what
    to say to each other and for a long time they just stood looking at each
    other. Finally Susanna broke the silence: "Mistress Rachel says that you
    are going along with your...feminization, voluntarily. That you like being
    turned into a sissy-girl. That you like being a slave." Denise hesitated
    a little, then answered: "Its true, mom. I like being held captive, being
    tied up and forced to perform sex with others and I love what Mistress Joanna
    and Mistress Jocelyn are doing to me. They say that I'm becoming a sexy little
    bitch!" she finished proudly. Susanna replied with disgust: "That's sick!
    Twisted and perverted! You should be ashamed of yourself!" Denise was taken
    aback by the attack and began to cry. Sniveling she tried to explain and
    apologize, but Susanna would have none of it. Part of the reason for her
    attack had been an effort to fight of her own attraction to this "girl".
    Denise broke down completely and cried inconsolably and after a while Susanna
    began to feel sorry for her. After all she was just a slave like herself
    and she had no influence over what happened to her. Furthermore Denise was
    just a teenager and not as mentally strong as an adult. How could she be
    expected to withstand the pressure of Rachel and the evil twins? To comfort
    her Susanna stood close to her and tried to kiss her hair while she tried
    to talk gently to the crying sissy. At first Denise drew away but eventually
    she accepted the consolation and cried on her mothers shoulder.   
As they stood there
    so close that their bodies touched, Susanna's desire for Denise returned.
    She tried to fight it but she was still terribly attracted to her. As a means
    to comfort her Susanna kissed her gently, first on the hair and then on the
    cheek. When Susanna kissed her on the cheek Denise recoiled for a moment
    to see if the kiss really was what it felt like. Susanna reassured her gently: "Easy
    girl. I was just trying to comfort you. It was just a little kiss." Denise
    sniffled her last tears away and slowly laid her head back on Susanna's shoulder.
    Before she rested her head she gently kissed Susanna on the cheek too. They
    stood like that for a while until Susanna kissed Denise again. This time
    Denise lifted her head and brought her face close to Susanna's. Here Susanna
    hesitantly kissed Denise cautiously on the lips. It was a short, little kiss
    and when she withdrew Denise looked at with large, round eyes. "I know," Susanna
    whispered, "its wrong and we shouldn't. But I couldn't help it. I had to
    see what it felt like. I..." She stammered to a halt. After a very tense
    silence Denise asked in the tiniest of voices: "What did it feel like? Did
    it feel good?" She looked at her mother with large eyes. Susanna could hardly
    control herself as she replied: "It was very nice. Like this." She leaned
    forward and kissed Denise again, this time a little longer. Both withdrew
    very slowly this time. Denise's eyes were half-closed and she had obviously
    enjoyed it. In a dreamy little voice she said: "We shouldn't be doing this.
    Its not right." Susanna said the same thing and a few moments later they
    were kissing again, this time with their mouths open. It went like that for
    while. First the feeble attempts to stop, then a new round of kissing. With
    each cycle the kissing became stronger until they were kissing each other
    passionately, their tongues exploring each other's mouths. Susanna was almost
    dripping with excitement and she could feel Denise's rock hard erection against
    her abdomen. "Please Denise. I can't stop now. I know its wrong, but I have
    to have you." Susanna pleaded. Denise was so excited she could hardly find
    the voice to reply: "I know its wrong too, but I'm so horny. Please. Can
    we? Please?" Their excitement settled it. Denise had never had any other
    sex than hand sex and her aim was terrible. Luckily the slaves were the same
    height, so Denise just had to bend her knees a little to get her dick at
    the correct level. After many misses and with Susanna almost crying with
    frustration they finally succeeded. For the first time in her life Denise
    had sex with a woman. The penetration was pure heaven and she absolutely
    loved the soft warm feeling of being inside a woman. Denise whimpered with
    pure delight. For her part Susanna was in ecstasy. It was every bit as good
    as she had expected, she writhed with pleasure, moaning loudly. It was difficult
    having sex tottering on high heels with no hands to help them, but they didn't
    seem to notice this. Denise thrust her hips in little jerking movements,
    which Susanna tried to milk for all they were worth. And apparently she succeeded
    because she managed to cum twice before Denise came. Moments after Denise
    started spurting her cum Susanna came for the third time and screaming out
    their orgasm they collapsed together on the floor as Denise's legs buckled
    under her. They lay close together on the floor in a sweaty heap, trying
    to cuddle up to each other's bodies. After a short silence Denise cautiously
    said: "I'm sorry, Mom, but I couldn't help it. I was so horny and..." Susanna
    interrupted her: "No, I'm sorry. I couldn't help myself either." Both fell
    silent at this and after a few minutes Susanna asked Denise: "But it was
    nice wasn't it?" Denise babbled her agreement: "Oh yes! It was super-nice.
    I loved.." Susanna broke her off by once again kissing her passionately.
    Denise reacted promptly and kissed her back. They lay on the floor like that
    for a while until suddenly they were rudely pulled back to the real world
    when they were both kicked in the back. The twins did the kicking and Jocelyn
    scolded the slaves: "Having a family moment without us? How dare you?&quot; We'll
    not be left outside such fun and games." The twin looked great as always
    wearing nothing but black, six-inch stilettos and sporting truly enormous
    double-ended dildos from their pussies. Joanna grabbed Denise by the neck
    and said: "Clean up your filthy cum, you useless whore!" Denise actually
    needed very little prompting, as she rather liked cum, even if it was spilled
    on the cold cement floor. Meanwhile Jocelyn got Susanna to clean up her part
    of the mess. By that she meant the cum still sticking to Denise's cock. Susanna
    likewise needed little pressure to perform the task required of her. While
    Denise was still licking jism off the floor Susanna lay down on her back
    and scooted in under Denise and began sucking her cock. Denise almost screamed
    with pleasure as her mom's tongue caressed her cock.   
When the twins
    separated them they were ready to go at it again, their eyes glazed over
    with lust. This was good because it was exactly what the twins had in mind.
    They of course wanted part of the action so first they each used their respective
    dildos to penetrate the ass of a slave. Jocelyn butt-fucked Denise and Joanna
    butt-fucked Susanna. Then, lying on their side, they guided Denise's cock
    into Susanna's cunt. The result was an explosion of ecstasy. Everybody loved
    this combination and when Denise finally came, the others had already cum
    several times. Denise screamed as she had the best orgasm of her life. After
    cleaning the floor and the twin's pussies, the slaves were allowed to kiss
    each other goodnight before being led of the bed.   
As she lay in bed
    that night tied up tightly with the sound of her nightly conditioning tapes
    filling her ears, Denise was overwhelmed with conflicting emotions. On one
    hand there was no doubt that what they had done was wrong, but on the other
    hand there was also little doubt that right and wrong with regards to sex,
    was going to play an ever decreasing part in her life. It was not as if she
    had very much control over it. It could easily be argued that both she and
    her mother had very little control over their actions, even when they were
    alone. Both were being pumped full of chemicals designed to enhance their
    libido and every minute of their training was designed to turn them into
    hopeless little sexpots. On the other hand it was also clear that they had
    had a choice. No one had forced them, at least not the first time they had
    had sex, and they could have chosen not to. But the urge had been overwhelming.
    Neither had been able to resist. And it had been good. It had been fantastic.
    The feeling of a soft warm pussy surrounding her cock had been so fantastic
    that Denise's mind kept returning to it. She fell asleep thinking about the
    unstoppable sensation of her orgasm approaching.   
Susanne was thinking
    about it too and she was conflicted too. But then she also had Rachel to
    remind her. Ever since she had come back with that little post-orgasmic smile
    on her face, Rachel had been all over her assisted by Tony. "How does it
    feel to be an incestuous little nymphomaniac slave bitch?" she ridiculed
    Susanna. "Was fucking that useless little sissy son of yours good? Did it
    make you feel like a better mother?" Rachel went on and on and Susanna eventually
    replied angrily, which of course led to a furious punishment session for
    talking back too her mistress. The punishment session of course included
    plenty of taunting about her intercourse with Denise.   
Rachel for her
    part was delighted. She had found the final lever with which to crack Susanna's
    shell. She could see it already. In just a few days Susanna would break under
    the pressure and when she had broken completely, Rachel could build her up
    again; mould her into the slave-bitch she wanted Susanna to be. And the timing
    could hardly be more perfect. In just a few days Denise was going off to
    sissy-school. Of course the term "school" was a little rich for a place that
    turned out extremely well trained sex slaves, but what the hell? When you
    paid good money for something, where was the harm in using a better word
    for it? After all she would be footing the bill.   
Of course the slaves
    had had no chance. They were both so full of chemicals that they would have
    fucked anyone and anything thrown into that room. Calling it incest implied
    that at least one of the parties had free will in the matter and that was
    certainly not the case here. The game was rigged, the dice was loaded and
    neither slave had had a chance, nor would they ever get one. People like
    Rachel would always be around to make sure that slaves like Susanna and Denise
    were exposed to the most painful and humiliating treatment possible. And
    what could possibly be more humiliating to a mother than sleeping with her
    own son &ndash; against her will? It was perfect!   
Returning her attention
    to Susanna, Rachel thought that the breaking would be much more complete
    if she could get the two slave bitches to have sex once more. That would
    really put Susanna in a position were she would break down completely.   
The twins agreed
    and set up another private session between mother and "daughter". Denise
    was showing so few male traits now that it was difficult to thing of her
    as "Dennis" anymore. Rachel thought that if they could get Susanna to make
    the first move it would be best. That way she would be unable to deny in
    any way that she was the incestuous nymphomaniac bitch that Rachel claimed
    she was.   
So Susanna was
    left practically unbound. She wore only her collar and a pair of black, six-inch
    stilettos with locking ankle straps. Her hands were cuffed in front of her,
    but the chain between her hands was comparatively long, about two feet. She
    was pushed in to one of the smaller dungeon-like rooms. It was no more than
    ten by ten feet and one half of the room was occupied by a large, filthy
    old mattress. Denise was waiting inside. Unlike Susanna she was bound. Her
    arms were held, underarm to underarm, in a pink leather pouch in the small
    of her back. She had her pink leather collar on and on her feet were white
    ankle socks with lace trimmings along the edge and pink stiletto shoe with
    ankle straps. The straps were locked by little heart-shaped padlocks. Her
    hair was left hanging loosely down over her shoulders and Susanna thought
    she looked devastatingly sexy. If it weren't for the fact that it made her
    look damn cute, Susanna would have thought the whole pink thing a little
    much, but as it was it underlined the combination of innocence and sex that
    she exuded. It was quite unnerving for Susanna.   
Denise had clearly
    also been thinking about their previous sexual encounter because her face
    betrayed a whole range of conflicting emotions when Susanna was pushed into
    the cell. Part of her clearly wanted to kiss Susanna and part of her clearly
    felt guilty about the whole thing. As it was she stood with an insecure little
    smile on her face waiting for Susanna to take the lead. The cell was too
    small for them to stand very far apart and so they stood almost touching
    when Susanna tried to start a conversation. It was a feeble attempt to avoid
    an uncomfortable silence and soon it resulted in just that. Every time she
    was about to take up some topic, she would see the begging in Denise's eyes:
    the girl wanted to be held, not talked to. To make some of the awkwardness
    go away Susanna gently laid her hand on Denise's arm. The touch was clearly
    what she had hoped for. She sighed with relief and smiled at Susanna. The
    smile was murder on Susanna. It made her desire flare up, filling her with
    lust that wasn't supposed to be there. "We mustn't do this Denise,  "   she
    said. "I know Mom," she replied, "Its just that...Its just that it was so
    nice." She tried to hold back, but she couldn't and the words spilled out
    of her: "I can't help it Mom. I know its wrong but I keep dreaming about
    making love to you. I get hard just thinking about it..." Susanna could help
    herself no more. She had been fighting off the desire for a long time now,
    her juices were flowing like mad, and she had definitely noticed Denise's
    erection. Now she interrupted Denise by grabbing her head and kissing her
    with wild passion. Denise responded in kind and after a few minutes of frantic
    kissing Susanna pushed Denise down of the filthy mattress. She joined her,
    kissing and caressing her as Denise moaned and writhed helplessly. As Susanna
    grabbed Denise's member to guide it in to her sopping wet pussy, she was
    seized by sudden anger. This wasn't right! And with no one else around she
    took her anger out on Denise. As she rode Denise with brutal intensity, she
    screamed insults at her and slapped her face again and again. As she came,
    she looped the chain between her handcuffs around Denise's neck and began
    choking her. Denise had been just about to cum when this happened and it
    turned out to be just another fantastic turn-on. She had loved the brutal
    fucking and the furious name-calling and the feeling of choking as she was
    about to cum just added to the ecstasy. She came wordlessly, red in the face,
    with her tongue hanging out as the world turned black. It was a truly amazing
    orgasm, the sensation only heightened by the fear of death from choking.   
Tony had been standing
    by to intervene on Denise's behalf, but it turned out to be unnecessary as
    Susanna loosened to chain as Denise lost consciousness and she herself came
    like a cannon. The episode seemed to defuse the whole situation and after
    Denise, coughing and fighting for breath, regained consciousness, the slaves
    lay close, cuddling with Susanna crying quietly. Denise tried to console
    her mother but at first she succeeded only in making her cry harder. Denise
    then began crying in sympathy. After a while they were both down to sniffles
    and began kissing each other softly. It soon became clear that they had given
    up. Neither had the strength to fight their overwhelming lust and instead
    they seemed to accept it. The kissing turned into caressing, which turned
    into lovemaking.   
In the room where
    Rachel had the monitors for the surveillance cameras mounted all over the
    house there was jubilation. Their plan had succeeded. Rachel had gotten the
    last bit leverage to break Susanna completely and the twins were one step
    closer to turning Denise into a completely docile fucktoy. All things considered
    not a bad days work.   
In the small basement
    room the lovemaking continued. Neither the twins, Rachel nor Tony saw any
    reason to interrupt them since every caress, every kiss and every drop of
    cum spilled would push the slaves further in the direction they wanted them.
    So while Rachel and Tony went to their room to blow off some sexual steam,
    the twins went to see Helen Robinson. They needed someone one to lick their
    pussies and whom they could torture a little. Joanna thought it might be
    a good idea to step up her training a little. Making her eat shit and drink
    piss sounded like a fabulous idea to them both.   
When the twins
    returned in the early hours of the morning, both slaves were utterly spent.
    Denise hardly noticed it when she was wrapped up in her pink cocoon and strapped
    in. The twins, on the other hand, were in a brilliant mood. Their session
    with Miss Robinson had been most successful. After an unusually long and
    brutal torture session, they had reduced Helen to a completely incoherent
    shit-eating bitch. It had been most satisfactory, taking her down a notch
    more.   
Susanna also collapsed
    as she was thrown into the tiny cage that was now her home. Spent and satisfied,
    she was also wracked with guilt over what had happened. More and more she
    was coming to the conclusion that Rachel was right: she was a complete slut,
    a raving nymphomaniac. Maybe it was only right to submit to Rachel, who it
    seemed had been right all along. Mistress Rachel would take care of her.
    It was better if Mistress Rachel was in control, because it definitely wasn't
    a good idea if she herself was. She had just proven what a stupid, horny
    slut she was, how utterly low she was. She was better off admitting that
    she was a slave.  
Chapter 3   
There was no more
    time for Denise and Susanna to get over their chemically induced bout of
    incestuous activity as Denise was being sent to school. This was of course
    part of the plan. Slaves should always feel guilty about something and once
    their slave training was over, neither would be able to make an independent
    decision ever again. When their training was over all it would take for them
    to get it on, would be an order.   
The school, "The
    Kaltenbrunner Academy", had sent out a questionnaire about the future pupils.
    First the Mistresses and Masters were to supply the school with the exact
    measurements of the sissies. The same questionnaire asked about what special
    requests there were regarding the training of the sissies; about what special
    skills or bodily proportions the sissy in question should have after "graduating".
    When it was time to start school Mistress Rachel received Denise's uniform
    for the first day of school. Except calling it a uniform was a bit rich.
    It consisted of a pair of black stilettos, with seven-inch heels and locking
    ankle straps, a penis gag, a black, leather blindfold and a collection of
    straps making up a harness. Denise's hands were placed in mittens squeezing
    her hand into a cone-like shape. At the end of the cone was a D-ring and
    this was attached to the broad, black collar she had been equipped with,
    so that she now held her hands to her neck. Around her arms at the elbows
    were straps, again with D-rings on. From the collar, front and back, hung
    a strap going all the way to her groin. Other straps went around her body
    horizontally, thus holding the two long vertical straps close to her body.
    Her arms were secured to one of the horizontal straps using the D-ring, so
    that she now held her arms close to her body. The vertical strap running
    down her front broadened somewhat at her crotch. The twins took great delight
    in tucking Denise's genitals back between her legs before connecting the
    two straps and tightening them for all they were worth. The pressure on Denise's
    genitals made her scream in pain, which of course only added to the enjoyment
    of the girls. Finally Denise was blindfolded and gagged and leashed before
    being led out to the limousine taking them to the school. In the limousine
    Denise's legs were strapped together before she was made to kneel on the
    floor. She sat here during the whole ride, which took all day, occasionally
    being allowed to rest her head on Mistress Rachel's thigh.   
Although Denise
    couldn't see it, it was evening before they arrived at the academy. As she
    was stood up, her legs were released and she was walked into the school,
    she could hear the sound of mistresses and masters talking and the sound
    of many pairs of high heels on the stone floor of the building they had entered.
    It seemed that everybody was socializing a little before the sissies were
    properly inducted into the school and she heard many comments about herself
    and felt more than one pair of hands exploring her body, tweaking her small
    nipples, fondling her budding breasts and slapping her ass.   
She was desperately
    nervous and had no idea what was going to happen. Neither the twins nor Aunt
    Rachel had said anything about what was about to happen other than she was
    going to school. They hadn't mentioned for how long she would be going to
    school, what she was going to learn or what was expected of her.   
Her wait ended
    as she heard a woman's voice calling out: "Please everyone. Could I have
    your attention?" As the crowd fell silent, the voice continued: "Thank you.
    Thank you ladies and gentlemen for choosing The Kaltenbrunner Academy for
    training your sissies. We will do our very best to live up the tradition
    of excellence that is The Kaltenbrunner Academy." Polite clapping was heard
    from the crowd before the voice continued: "I am the headmistress. My name
    if Mistress Regina von Kaltenbrunner and I am the great granddaughter of
    the founder of this academy: Herbert von Kaltenbrunner. We have come a long
    way in the 130 years this academy has existed. When my great grandfather
    founded the academy in 1874 he had only corsets, crude surgery and severe
    punishments to turn useless little sissy-shits, like the ones you have brought
    here today, into perfect little slave-sissies. Corsets and severe punishments
    are still a vital part of our curriculum, but the surgery is no longer crude
    and we now have a host of other modern techniques for perfecting your sissies.
    We are supremely confident that you will be pleased with the result." The
    clapping was louder this time and lasted a little longer before the Headmistress
    continued: "Before we have dinner as promised it is time for the worthless
    sissy-sluts to start. So if you would be so kind as to remove their blindfolds
    and say whatever goodbyes are needed. Our second-year girls will then collect
    your sissies and get them started. For those of you who asked; the medical
    examination is not until tomorrow. But I can assure you that it will be handled
    by the very best. We have once again employed the services of the renowned
    Dr. Jacobsen, whose reputation I am sure you are all familiar with.&quot;" Appreciative
    murmurs were heard from the crow right before Denise's blindfold was removed.   
She was in a large
    hall. The floor was black and white marble in a chessboard pattern. The walls,
    ceiling and the pillars that held up the ceiling were bare stone, creating
    a very austere and dungeon-like atmosphere. Around her about what looked
    to be nineteen sissies and their mistresses and masters stood. The Headmistress
    stood against one wall on a stone dais. She was an extremely severe looking
    woman who looked to be about forty years old. Her hair was a graying shade
    of black and was pulled into a tight bun. Adding to her already very severe
    looks were her glasses, which were horn-rimmed with pointy edges, fifties
    style. She wore a very tight-fitting business suit made from thick, dark
    blue leather. The suit accentuated her very shapely body and from below the
    hem of her skirt, which ended just above the knee, a pair of very shapely
    legs ran down to her shoes, a pair of dark blue Oxfords with a seven-inch
    heel made from extremely thin, shiny metal. Under her suit she wore a high-collar
    white shirt, a large broche with a shiny black stone in the center holding
    the collar together. On her hands were fine black leather gloves that didn't
    even reach her wrists. She held a riding crop in her right hand, occasionally
    striking the palm of her left. She looked like the kind of woman one had
    better obey, or else. Denise felt a pang of fear mixed with lust course through
    her body.   
As she stood almost
    transfixed by the Headmistress, a second year sissy came to collect her.
    Seeing her made Denise feel completely useless and inadequate. She looked
    Asian, maybe Chinese and she was stunning. Her hair piled high on the head;
    perfectly coiffed and her skin looked completely smooth and clean. She had
    clear, dark eyes and her lips were full and invitingly red. She wore a pair
    of white Oxfords with seven-inch stilettos and her ankles were in steel cuffs,
    connected by a ten-inch chain. Her waist was compressed by a corset extending
    from just above her hips to just below her absolutely perfect breasts, which
    looked to be about size 36DD. It looked like her waist was no more than fifteen
    inches. She wore a chastity device, and although Denise couldn't really see
    it she would eventually get acquainted with the type: it consisted of a metal
    tube into which the cock was inserted. The head of the sissy's cock stuck
    out of one end, but was further restrained by two small and sharp edged metal
    bands crossing the head of the cock. At the end of the tube nearest the base
    of the cock a steel wire was welded to the tube and this wire connected to
    a cage holding the balls. The cage was a wire-mesh squeezing the scrotum
    painfully and a lock behind the scrotum pulling the wire-mesh together secured
    it. There was no way the sissy could get it off without the key. To the tip
    of her chastity device a wire was fixed and this was pulled between Suzy's
    legs and secured to the back of her corset, thus providing her with a smooth
    crotch. Around her neck was a broad, white leather collar from which a nametag
    hung. It read: "Suzy". Her hands were left free. As she came up to Mistress
    Rachel and Master Tony she knelt down, managing to do so very elegantly in
    spite of the chain, and kissed their shoes. After she had kissed their shoes
    she remained kneeling before them, waiting for their permission to rise.
    Rachel and Tony exchanged an approving glance before Rachel commanded her
    to rise. Denise was by now both envious and intimidated. Surely they didn't
    expect her to be able to perform so perfectly and to look so beautiful? But
    they certainly did: "Now, you silly bitch, I expect you to become the most
    perfect little slave-sissy. The Headmistress will report all transgressions
    back the owners and once you are finished with the first year and all the
    punishments the she has subjected you to, you'll get punished by us once
    you come home for the summer." Rachel finished her little speech by lifting
    up Denise's chin and looking her sternly in the eyes. Master Tony said goodbye
    by leaning in close and kissing Denise's chin gently and slowly. As Denise
    enjoyed this, he grabbed her sensitive nipples and twisted them viciously.
    Denise cried out with pain, but it turned no heads among the people gathered
    in the hall. Most were doing similar things to their sissies. A nod from
    Mistress Rachel to Suzy, the sissy-slave, ended the goodbye and Suzy took
    Denise's leash and led her out of the hall, joining the other sissies going
    the same way.   
As the mistresses
    and master were escorted to a small banquet, the sissies were also given
    something to eat. They were led into a corridor and down a long winding staircase.
    It was very difficult walking down unfamiliar staircases in high heels, tied
    up and dragged along but they had no choice. Once in the basement they were
    led into a strange sort of dining room. They were lined up with a handler
    each waiting their turn. When it was their turn they were made to kneel in
    front of a large dildo protruding from the wall. Their gag was removed and
    as their mouth was pushed onto the dildo they were admonished not to spill.
    No one dared, as overseeing the operation was a most severe looking mistress.
    She was dressed just like the Headmistress; it seemed to be the uniform of
    the teachers. But whereas the Headmistress had been a been a tall, slim woman
    of about six feet when standing flatfooted, this one was huge in every way.
    Even without the seven-inch heels of her Oxfords she must have been at least
    6'8" and she towered over everyone around her. And she was large in other
    ways as well, muscular going on outright fat. She had hair so blonde it was
    almost white and set in a Princess Leia-like haircut. On other people one
    might have thought it cute or funny, but here it underlined the severity
    of the mistress. She had a nametag on her left breast and it said " Elke
    Hoffmeyer". It sat right above what Denise surmised was the school crest.
    The crest was two crossed riding crops. In the four fields created by the
    crossed riding crops were the following items: a bullwhip, a pair of handcuffs,
    a corset and a pair of high-heeled shoes. As her head was pushed on to the
    feeding dildo and she strained to swallow everything the dildo spewed into
    her mouth, Denise began to think that coming here might not be the great
    and exiting adventure she had imagined it would be. As she was stood up after
    the feeding, re-gagged and put to wait together with her handler, she could
    see the other sissies casting nervous glances at Mistress Hoffmeyer. Their
    faces also betrayed misgivings about the whole thing. But it was too late
    now. Denise could see no way out of this.   
When the feeding
    was done they were all escorted to a room, which looked like to morgues you
    see on TV. It was covered in white tile and brightly lit. Taking up the back
    wall were little stainless steel doors. There were three tiers of doors and
    in each tier were eight doors and on each door was a nametag. Denise found
    her name on the second tier, third door from the right. On the left wall
    was coat rack also equipped with nametags. On the coat rack hung what looked
    like small leather sleeping bags. Denise could see that she wasn't the only
    one wondering what was going to happen. Her thoughts were interrupted by
    Mistress Hoffmeyer who had just closed the door behind them: "Listen up,
    you worthless little sissy shits! This will be your sleeping quarters at
    school for the next two years." Her voices boomed across the room and Denise
    noticed that even her handler Suzy cringed at the sound of her voice as she
    went on: "You are the most disgusting little sluts I have ever had the misfortune
    of laying my eyes on, but I promise you that once we are through with you,
    you will at least be well trained and behaved if not exactly valuable. You
    must understand that you are the lowest creatures on the planet and that
    everyone is better than you." Having delivered what was obviously a standard
    speech to scare the new sissies, she seemed to relax a little. The speech
    had obviously worked. Denise could see that she wasn't the only one who had
    been scared badly by the speech. A small black sissy, who looked absolutely
    adorable with huge, round eyes and very fine features all around, was actually
    crying.   
Mistress Hoffmeyer
    issued an order: "Sluts: get the useless newcomers tucked in. They are seeing
    the doctor tomorrow, so they'll need all the rest they can get." She chuckled
    a little as she said this. Denise's handler got busy preparing her for the
    night. First she positioned Denise as close to her door as she could. Then
    she strapped Denise's legs together at the knees and ankles. From the wall
    she got Denise's sleeping bag, for that was indeed what it was. It was a
    bag made from thick, black leather and it encased Denise from her ankles
    to just below her chin. First it was zipped up the front and then it was
    tightened with a mass of straps and buckles on the front. Once Denise was
    wrapped up Suzy opened the door and slid out the shelf Denise would be lying
    on out. The space in the locker was even smaller than Denise had imagined.
    If she would be able to move around once the door was closed, which Denise
    very much doubted, there wouldn't even be room enough for her to raise her
    head. Denise saw that the pretty black sissy she had seen crying was now
    crying almost hysterically. Returning her attention to what was about to
    happen to her, Denise saw that on the shelf Suzy had pulled out lay a helmet
    of sorts. From the helmet went a thick bunch of wires going underneath the
    shelf to an electronics box of some kind. Suzy got Denise, who was in no
    position to help, up on the shelf by using a small crane-like arrangement
    hanging from the ceiling. Using this she positioned Denise on the shelf with
    her feet pointing into the locker. Before removing Denise's gag so that she
    could get the helmet on, Suzy looked Denise in the eye and laid her finger
    across her lips, signaling that talking would be a bad idea. Denise nodded
    and kept quiet as her gag was removed. Just before her helmet went on she
    heard someone else speaking. It seemed to be the frightened sissy who had
    cried before: "Please don't put me in there. Please..." Her words became
    screams as Mistress Hoffmeyer descended on her and began whipping her: "You
    useless whore! Worthless little slut! How dare you speak without permission?" She
    abused the little sissy verbally as she whipped her bound form mercilessly.
    The sleeping bag may have softened the blow a great deal, but Mistress Hoffmeyer
    compensated by really leaning in to the blows. When the helmet was pulled
    over Denise's eyes and the world went dark and the sounds softened, she could
    still hear the blows falling. The helmet fit her head very snugly and Suzy
    had to force it on. When it was on Denise's mouth was uncovered, but that
    was fixed by the built-in gag, which was fixed to a flap hanging down the
    side. It filled her mouth completely and just for good measure it was pumped
    up until Denise thought that her jaw would be ripped off. Finally a strap
    going under her chin held the helmet in place, more in way of redundancy
    than necessity. The finishing touch was straps securing her to the shelf.
    A strap even held her head down and Denise was now unable to move on her
    own as she felt the shelf sliding her into her tomb-like locker and she felt
    the steel door slamming shut.   
As the door shut
    the helmet started up. It was a more advanced version of earphones Denise
    had worn at home and soon she heard voices admonishing her to be a good little
    sissy-slave, voices instructing her that she was the lowest scum in the world,
    voices informing her of her uselessness as a slave. The words were occasionally
    accompanied by blurry and swirling images inside the helmet and soon Denise
    was completely mesmerizes by the display. She fell asleep listening to the
    voices, feeling the need to prove that she was indeed a good little slave.   
Denise was awoken
    the next morning by loud noises and blinking white light. After a minute
    she remembered where she was, but her heart was still pounding from the shock
    as she felt the shelf sliding out and her hood was removed. Suzy was once
    again looking down on her and this time she immediately gave Denise her breakfast,
    a tube full of some foul tasting glop, which was squeezed into her mouth
    so quickly that she was out of breath once she had been fed. As soon as she
    had swallowed the last bite, Suzy gagged her before lifting her off the shelf
    and onto the floor. Here she removed the sleeping bag and Denise shivered
    as the cold air once again touched her skin. She felt dazed and confused
    as if she was still dreaming. Although she was not bright enough to realize
    it, Denise was feeling the aftershock from the brainwashing session she had
    been subjected to during the night. To Mistress Hoffmeyer, who once again
    oversaw the newly arrived sissies, this was always an amusing sight seeing
    the little bimbos stumbling around in a daze. They would be put through the
    brainwashing sessions every night during their two-year stay in the school,
    but she had yet to have bimbo who was able to put two and two together and
    figure out what really happened to them during the night. Their confused
    state in the mornings made them write the whole thing off as a bad dream
    and by the time they got their tiny wits about them, they had forgot about
    the whole thing. As for the sissies who helped them in the morning, and who
    were of course put through the same treatment, they invariably thought that
    the daze and confusion they saw in the sissies they woke up was because they
    were less experienced and therefore more affected by the confinement of the
    tiny cells.   
Now it was time
    to get the new students to the doctor. Their handlers led them to a waiting
    room and left them alone. A few minutes after they had been deposited in
    the room a man wearing doctor's whites stuck his head out of a door at the
    other end of the room. He called out a name: "Cindy!" It turned out to be
    the small black sissy who had cried yesterday. She still looked dazed and
    confused as she responded and went through the door. A long time went by
    before Cindy joined them and when she did join them, she was completely dissolved
    in tears and emitting a stream of small screams behind her gag. She looked
    at the doctor pushing her back into the room with absolute terror. He, however,
    paid no notice and called out the next name. Cindy's attire had changed a
    little. She still wore the same shoes and her hands were still in the same
    mittens, which were secured to her collar, but her harness had been removed.
    Instead both her cock and her balls had been put into an impossibly small,
    black rubber pouch, which now sat in her groin and looked like a small, black
    baseball about to burst. Protruding from Cindy's ass the hilt of a very large
    butt-plug could be seen. A small trickle of a whitish liquid mixed with blood
    ran down the inside of her right leg.   
The waiting room
    was not very big and the sissies practically rubbed against each other's
    bodies as they stood waiting, but still they all kept a distance to Cindy,
    who only very slowly seemed to calm down a little. Denise thought that it
    was probably because Cindy was a little high-strung that she reacted the
    way that she did. That is until the next unfortunate sissy was pushed back
    into the room in exactly the same state. This sissy was a brunette with delicate
    white skin and she too was crying hysterically and shying away from the doctor.
    She had also had a change of clothes and was bleeding from the ass.   
So when the doctor
    called out the next name there was some hesitation. No one wanted too come
    forward considering what had happened to the ones who had gone before. The
    doctor waited for a small beat and then said: "If Yvonne doesn't step forward
    this instant I will not only make sure that you are all punished for this,
    I will also insure that Yvonne will suffer like no other once she does come
    forward." That decided it. The sissies knew that they couldn't possibly win
    and rather than face even more severe punishment, Yvonne stepped forward.
    She was a fragile looking girly-boy, not quite as sissified as the others,
    with platinum blonde hair and very large frightened blue eyes.   
When Yvonne returned
    she was just as devastated as the other two had been and the mood in the
    room took one step closer to hysteria. When it was finally Denise's turn
    she was one of out of the three in the room who were not crying, and there
    were twenty sissies in the room. As Denise walked through the door she saw
    that is was very thick and probably soundproof, which explained why she hadn't
    heard any screams. The doctor had a nametag reading "Dr. Jacobsen" and in
    the room were also two nurses, if you could call them that. They looked a
    lot like slaves and Denise thought that they probably were, considering their
    frightened looks whenever the doctor looked in their direction or spoke to
    them. They both wore tiny nurse's uniforms made from tight, white rubber
    and they both wore the highest platform shoe Denise had ever seen. But what
    really, and literally, stuck out about the nurses were their tits. Their
    tits were enormous, at least size 96 DD. Denise had never seen tits like
    that before, but she didn't have much time to think about it as Dr. Jacobsen
    began undressing her. He removed only her harness before pushing her into
    a gynecologist's chair, strapping her legs into the stirrups. Denise was
    briefly relieved as her genitals were let free for the first time in twenty-four
    hours. The relief was short-lived as the doctor strapped her upper body to
    the chair and began his examination. First he removed her gag and examined
    her mouth, dictating his findings to one of the nurses. Then he subjected
    her to an eye- and then an ear-examination. From there he moved down her
    body, feeling and probing her rather roughly. Then it began to get painful.
    The doctor took two large syringes and injected their content into Denise's
    tits. The injection was painful in itself, but afterwards her tits began
    to feel hypersensitive and they also felt like they were swelling noticeably.
    While Denise concentrated on the pain in her tits, the doctor had donned
    rubber gloves and he now administered a number of extremely painful enemas
    to Denise. The enemas Denise had received at home had been unpleasant, but
    these were pure torture. Denise could see her stomach distending and still
    the doctor kept pumping. Her screams only seemed to entice him further. After
    the fifth enema Denise didn't think she could take anymore, but of course
    the doctor had no plans of letting her off easy. He lubed up his rubber gloves
    and began examining her ass. Only the "examination" bit seemed like an excuse
    to fist her. Because fisting her is exactly what he did. In seconds he had
    most of his underarm up her ass and Denise could see the hand moving around
    inside her. Denise's hysterical screaming only egged him on and he signaled
    to one of the nurses who quickly dropped to her knees in front of him, took
    out his erect member and began blowing him. He kept up the fisting until
    he came, and it took a long time before he did. After all it was late in
    the day and there had been seventeen other sissies strapped into the same
    chair before her, so Denise could hardly hope for the doctor to cum quickly.
    Denise was on the verge of collapse when the doctor finally came and withdrew
    his hand not long after. Denise now fully understood why the others had been
    so hysterical. Another minute with the doctor would surely drive her mad
    with fear and pain. He wasn't finished with that part of her anatomy, as
    he pushed a huge butt plug up her ass.   
And the doctor
    wasn't through with her yet. She realized this as he approached holding two
    more syringes. They were somewhat smaller than the jumbo shots she had received
    in her tits were, but they were enough to make Denise cry hysterically. There
    proved to be plenty to fear as Dr. Jacobsen began fondling her balls. While
    he did this one of the nurses put a piece of plastic over Denise's chest.
    As soon as the plastic was in place the doctor took one syringe and injected
    its contents into Denise's right testicle. He inserted the needle exquisite
    slowness to make sure that he caused the maximum amount of pain possible.
    Denise's crotch exploded with the worst pain she had ever experienced. Her
    scream stuck in her throat, the pain was so bad and after a short while she
    threw up from it, thus explaining the need for plastic on her chest. As he
    took her left testicle and the second syringe, she broke down in a fit of
    hysterical crying. It of course did nothing to help her as the evil doctor
    stuck the syringe in he other testicle and the process repeated itself. Afterwards
    Denise lay completely limp as he took her cock and bruised testicles and
    sealed them inside an impossibly small rubber pouch, squeezing them intolerably.
    After that he released her and stood her up. He stood very close to her and
    seizing her imprisoned genitals in his right hand he looked straight into
    the eyes of the terrified sissy and said: "I'll see you again tomorrow." He
    punctuated the words by squeezing her genitals hard, sending Denise into
    a bout of hysterical crying just as it had with the others. The examination
    was over and as he pushed the terrified sissy out into the waiting room with
    the others Denise looked just as hysterical as Cindy had had after her examination.   
When the last sissy
    had been examined Mistress Hoffmeyer opened the other door to the waiting
    room and yelled: "Get moving you useless shits! You worthless sluts are going
    to be tucked in and you had better get a move before I send you back to the
    doctor for an extra check-up." As expected this got the girls moving in a
    hurry. With Mistress Hoffmeyer leading the way they were marched back to
    their lockers. A number of second-year girls stood ready and soon Denise
    was sealed inside her helmet and sleeping bag. The brainwashing program brought
    a pleasant numbness to her body as she sunk into sleep.   
The next day she
    was again rudely awoken, but as her helmet was removed she was that she was
    the only one being taken out of her locker. In answer to her unspoken question
    the sissy helping her, whom she had never seen before, said: "You are being
    taken one by one to the doctor." Mention of the doctor brought made Denise
    start with fear. The other girl saw it and said. "Don't worry. You'll be
    sedated today as he fixes your voice and removes your Adams apple." Denise
    calmed down a bit but she still wasn't looking forward to meeting the doctor
    as she was being led to him. The other sissy had been right. One of the nurses
    injected something into her arm the minute she stepped into the room and
    with ten seconds her legs buckled under her and the world went dark as she
    collapsed into the arms of the nurses.   
She was awoken
    the same way she had been the other days, by loud noises and bright lights
    inside her helmet. She had been kept unconscious for three days while the
    most critical healing went on. Now it was time to start school in earnest.
    She no longer wore a collar, but there was something around her neck. Looking
    at the others she figured that it was a bandage like the one the others had.
    As she was released from her sleeping bag she saw that she was now unbound
    and ungagged. All she wore, besides the bandage, was a pair of Oxfords with
    seven-inch heels. Mistress Hoffmeyer spoke as the sissies were assembled: "Your
    Adams apples have been removed and your vocal cords have been operated to
    give you more feminine voices. This means that for the next two weeks you
    will be unable to make any sound. Do not try to make noise as you risk damaging
    your new vocal cords. Its time to start school now, you useless little sluts.
    Follow me." The twenty sissies followed her out of the basement and into
    what turned out to be a classroom of sorts. There was a table and a chair
    for the mistress or master who would be teaching the lesson and in front
    of this table, arranged in a horseshoe formation were twenty stools for the
    students. The stools were quite special. They were bolted to the floor and
    under the seat was a box containing various electronic devices. Protruding
    from the seats were some very long and very wide metal dildos. Denise swallowed
    involuntarily as she saw the stools. Mistress Hoffmeyer issued another command.
    Go to the cupboard on the left and fetch your dildo-poles." After some confusion
    as too what cupboard Mistress Hoffmeyer was referring to, the poles were
    found and distributed. The poles were about four feet high, about two inches
    in diameter and mounted on one end was a large and very lifelike dildo. Each
    sissy had her own pole and the dildos were clearly not the same. Denise recognized
    Master Tony's beautiful cock and noted with some satisfaction that only a
    few others had dildos that were bigger than Master Tony's likeness. The one
    who clearly had the largest dildo was Cindy. It was absolutely huge and you
    could see that she recognized its shape. Her face had a secret little smile
    as she took the pole. "Enough time wasted, useless little sissy-sluts!" Mistress
    Hoffmeyer shouted, "Find your place and mount the pole in the in front of
    your stool. Then sit down." Denise quickly found her seat and mounted the
    pole in its designated hole, but the thought of sitting down on a huge metal
    dildo that was not lubricated made her stop in her tracks. She noticed that
    all the others had stopped cold at the prospect of sitting down on the huge
    dildo mounted in front of them. The hesitation sent Mistress Hoffmeyer into
    a screaming fit if rage. After listening to Mistress Hoffmeyer for a few
    seconds Denise decided that she didn't want to be punished and started to
    ease herself down on the metal shaft mounted on the seat. Except there was
    no easing it into her ass. It hurt the whole way in and when Denise sat down
    she was feeling completely full and out of breath, wanting to moan in pain
    but having no voice with which to do so. When everybody was sitting down
    Mistress Hoffmeyer instructed them in how to put on the rest of what she
    referred to as the "teaching kit": First they were to secured their feet
    in the stocks mounted on the stool. Then a strap from the back of the stool
    held them down. There was a small metal pouch in which their balls were placed.
    Once inside the pouch it squeezed shut so that they couldn't get them out
    unless a signal was given by the mistress or master in charge. The same applied
    to all their restraints; once they had put them on only the one teaching
    the class could set them free. The final item was a sheath for their cocks.
    To put it on properly Mistress Hoffmeyer ordered them to masturbate until
    hard and then insert their erect member into the sheath, which was the secured
    by a wire coming from underneath the stool. They now sat locked to their
    stools, all squirming slightly from the manipulations of the cock-sheath,
    which pulsated gently, keeping them hard.   
"Well I suppose
    I should say a few words of introduction, since this is your first lesson." Mistress
    Hoffmeyer said, "Unless you are specifically instructed otherwise this is
    the were your lessons will be conducted. And unless instructed otherwise
    this is how I expect to find you at the start of every day, strapped in and
    ready to go. You will go here every morning after you are released from your
    nightly bindings and have eaten your breakfast, which you will learn how
    the eat tomorrow. You are all silent now making it easy, but when your voices
    return, remember that there is to be no talking unless you are ordered to
    speak. This means no small talk! Ever!" Denise found this both shocking and
    disappointing. She had hoped too hear how the others had gotten here. Mistress
    Hoffmeyer continued: "In this room when you are being punished, and you will
    be for the slightest error or mistake, it is done like this." She pressed
    a button and a very painful electric shock was administered from their dildos,
    testicle pouches and the sheaths holding their members. The twenty sissies
    all screamed silently, their arms flaying uselessly as the tried to escape
    the pain. When Mistress Hoffmeyer released the button they all sagged on
    their stool more than a few crying silently. Mistress Hoffmeyer wasn't finished
    however: "And when you are to be rewarded it will happen like this." She
    pushed another button and suddenly the sheath around their cocks came alive,
    pulsating in an extremely pleasurable fashion. In a matter of minutes it
    drove Denise over the edge and she came like a cannon, rocking as much as
    the dildo would allow, holding her head as she silently screamed with pleasure.
    The sheath had a little opening and her load shot out on the floor. The final
    words of introduction from Mistress Hoffmeyer were: "Some of you will undoubtedly
    think of escape during the first few weeks of your stay here. Forget about
    it. The place is impossible to escape from. If you should try, you will be
    caught. And believe me when I say that you will then find out that I am a
    nice lady compared to the Headmistress." Denise shivered as she imagined
    the cold and severe face of Headmistress von Kaltenbrunner as she had seen
    it the night she had arrived. She had no trouble believing Mistress Hoffmeyer.   
Mistress Hoffmeyer
    smiled overbearingly at the sissies now all with little post orgasmic smiles
    on their faces. It was part of her job to give the little bitches as many
    orgasms as possible, at least ten a day, in their first few months at the
    school. The strategy behind this seemingly lax attitude was diabolical. Nobody
    at the academy thought that slaves should be allowed to cum frivolously and
    certainly not without their owner's approval. In fact keeping a slave in
    a chastity device was in many ways the best option for controlling a slave
    while punishing him or her. But the key word in chastity devices is "denial".
    Denying the little bitches orgasms would work much more powerfully if they
    had first been made hopelessly addicted to sex. When the students were fitted
    with their chastity devices they all required sanitary napkins so as not
    to draw slime trails across the floor, their overexcited little, imprisoned
    cocks dripping pre-cum all the time. Holding out the prospect of an orgasm
    as a reward for that kind of slave insured her enthusiastic cooperation.
    Besides all the orgasms increased the enthusiasm in the sex training.   
Mistress Hoffmeyer
    proceeded to instruct her student slaves in the next drill: "The cock mounted
    in front of you is lifelike in more than one respect. It has sensors that
    can feel how well you are performing and once it is deemed that you have
    performed well enough it will shoot its load into your mouth. It goes without
    saying that spilled jism is punished most severely. You will now all take
    the handcuffs lying under your stool and cuff yourself behind your backs.
    Then you will lean forward and give your Master's cock the best blowjob you
    know how. When you have swallowed the first one I will give you instructions
    and the lesson will continue. A rule: once your lips have touched the cock
    they may not leave it until you have brought it to orgasm. If you should
    pull back before the cock has shot its load, your stool will automatically
    punish you. Begin your blowjobs, you worthless sissy-sluts." Denise, like
    the rest of the girls began giving head to their respective dildos once they
    had cuffed their hands behind their backs. Mistress Hoffmeyer watched them
    closely as they did it. It was quite clear that a couple of the students
    were ahead of the rest. There was Denise and a Hispanic looking sissy named
    Conchita who both made up for lack of technique by pure enthusiasm. Mistress
    Hoffmeyer was certain that both bitches would find satisfied owners. But
    there was one who stood out. Cindy, the little black sissy who had scared
    so easily, had clearly come to the school not because her owner had ordered
    her here. No it was quite clear that she had volunteered after her master
    had asked if she would consider going because it meant a lot to him. It was
    clearly evident from the way in which she sucked the cock. Her technique
    was quite good and so was her work effort, but what really stood out was
    her passion. She clearly loved the owner of the cock from which the model
    had been made. She was devoted to him and would do anything for him. Hoffmeyer
    thought it very sweet. And very stupid. She knew her master very well. His
    name was Rick and he was a man of quite special tastes. He was an absolutely
    huge black man, a body builder of almost seven feet. Usually he excelled
    in capturing fellow body builders and turning them into super muscular, super
    feminine and completely docile fucktoys. To Hoffmeyer's knowledge this had
    to be the first time he had captured a more "natural" sissy, one who had
    obviously gone with him of her own free will. Yesterday it had been quite
    clear that although she, like all the sissies that came to the academy, had
    some experience with bondage; she was clearly unprepared for what was about
    to happen to her. Furthermore Hoffmeyer had heard from Dr. Jacobsen that
    Rick had delivered yet another of his body builders to his clinic for feminization.
    Whatever it meant, it was trouble for Cindy. There could be little doubt
    that she was in for a life of slavery that she had clearly not volunteered
    for. Hoffmeyer's smile broadened as she made a mental note to call Rick and
    ask him about his plans for the bitch.   
The useless little
    bitches had finished their first blowjob on their mechanical friends. Some
    sat waiting anxiously for critique, while others, like Cindy, sat smiling.
    Two sissies had been lousy enough to let go of the cock after the blowjob
    had begun and had therefore been punished. The rest had performed OK, so
    in keeping with the desire to make the sissies sex-addicts Mistress Hoffmeyer
    pressed a button and instantly all twenty began to writhe soundlessly as
    their sheaths drove them towards orgasm. When they had all cum, Mistress
    Hoffmeyer gave some instructions on how to perform better and the girls were
    at it again. And so it went the whole day, blowjob after blowjob, orgasm
    after orgasm. The girls were of course unaware that the artificial cum they
    swallowed contained high doses of hormones. It was a practical way of filling
    them up with the medication required for growing them proper tits and filling
    out their asses in the desired manner. After countless orgasms, both for
    their imaginary master and themselves, the girls were exhausted. None of
    them had tried to give blowjobs almost nonstop for a whole day. Denise's
    jaw felt numb and ready to dislocate and her tongue felt raw and overworked.   
At the end of the
    day Mistress Hoffmeyer was quite horny herself and decided on who would give
    her relief. Her choice was of course Cindy. She went over to the girl and
    removed the pole in front of her, taking the position herself instead. With
    a quick move she loosened her belt and dropped her skirt and panties on the
    floor revealing that she was in fact a shemale, like themselves. Mistress
    Hoffmeyer had fat, white thighs and a big, blonde bush. Her cock was quite
    large and very pale. Released from its clothing it was standing straight
    out, pointing right at Cindy's face. "Suck it slave." The order from Mistress
    Hoffmeyer as quite clear but Cindy hesitated as if she had never expected
    to suck any other cock than her master's. It was as Hoffmeyer suspected:
    Cindy had never agreed to this. Since she didn't obey a direct order Mistress
    Hoffmeyer took great pleasure in punishing her. She pushed the button controlling
    only Cindy's stool and the sweet little sissy thrashed and tried to scream
    as the current ripped through her. She didn't hesitate the next time the
    order was given, but rather sucked Mistress Hoffmeyer's cock with great energy,
    if not exactly as lovingly as she had her master's likeness. This was the
    point on which Mistress Hoffmeyer pounced: "You worthless little shit! Do
    I deserve a blowjob that is any less passionate than that given to the rubber
    likeness of your master?" She underlined this question by giving Cindy a
    very long shock, leaving her thrashing and jerking. When she had recovered
    a little Mistress Hoffmeyer asked the same question again. This time Cindy
    shook her head vigorously in denial. "That's right, you stupid wannabe cunt!" Mistress
    Hoffmeyer said. Turning to address all the sissies she said: "Get it into
    your stupid little heads: You are the lowest slave-shits on the face of the
    planet! You OWE everybody else respect and servitude for allowing you to
    breathe the same air as the rest of us. That also means giving yourself 100%
    every time, in everything you are ordered to do." Turning to Cindy again,
    Hoffmeyer could see that her situation was finally sinking in. Tears were
    rolling down her face as she realized that she was just another slave. That
    her beloved master had sent her away to be turned into a common slave-slut,
    s slave-whore. As Mistress Hoffmeyer ordered Cindy to repeat the blowjob,
    only better, she thought that breaking Cindy was great fun, if a little too
    easy.   
This time Cindy
    was able to perform to Mistress Hoffmeyer's satisfaction and to end the day
    she gave them one more orgasm before releasing them. The last job of the
    day was to clean up their mess. Each had made a puddle of cum on the floor
    in front of them. It was now cold and half-congealed, but there was no way
    around it; they had to lick it up, every last drop. Then they were led off
    to their lockers and tucked in for the night.   
Chapter 4   
Over the next weeks
    Denise and the others settled into the routine, accepting their new life.
    Cindy did, as Mistress Hoffmeyer had predicted, break very easily and now
    she had been remolded as the slave-sissy her master wanted her to be, docile
    and obedient. Others needed more effort and others less. Most were like Denise
    already comfortable with their roles as slaves.   
The routine was
    usually the same every day: After being released from their leather sleeping
    bags by more experienced students, the sissies, still dazed from the nightly
    brainwashing, stumbled to a row of dildos sticking out of the wall. Each
    sissy had a dildo with her name on it, providing her with the special chemical
    cocktail she needed. First came what Denise thought of as the "food" it was
    a thick semen-like substance and it tasted that way too. After that came
    the "drink". This was a thin liquid with the same temperature and taste as
    strong morning urine. After breakfast they helped each other get dressed.
    Three items were worn constantly: collar, corset and high heels. There was
    a set for daytime activities and a set for nighttime activities, and apart
    from the color they were the same. In the morning they helped each other
    change from one set to the other. The nighttime set was black: broad black
    leather collar, black corset extending from just above the hips to just below
    the tits and finally a pair of Oxfords with seven-inch heels. The daytime
    pair was the same, only white. But before they could put on their "clothes" they
    had to clean up. First they brushed their teeth and then they gave each other
    a set of three enemas before showering. A mistress was always present to
    insure that the enemas were severe enough.   
Then classes started.
    The first few weeks it had been only sex training, but since their voices
    had returned lessons in speaking and behaving in a properly feminine manner
    had been added, as had the all-important lessons in proper slave behavior.
    Headmistress von Kaltenbrunner was the teacher in these classes and Denise
    thought that she must be the most naturally dominant person she had ever
    seen. Denise felt an instant desire to submit whenever Headmistress von Kaltenbrunner
    was present. She had the ability to humiliate people by raising an eyebrow
    and she had them all groveling at her feet, crying at her smallest rebuke.
    She really was in control. Denise hoped that one day Headmistress take her
    to her private quarters and dominate her. She desperately wanted to submit
    to that cruel woman.   
Apart from Mistress
    Hoffmeyer, who handled most of the raw sex training, they had a number of
    other teachers. There was Mistress Gibbons, a stunning black woman, her voice
    betraying her Jamaican roots, who handled feminine behavior and speech. Although
    the subject might have inspired some to have a feminine giggle and a little
    gossip, there was none of that in Mistress' Gibbons classes. They were all
    hard work and the sissies were, as always, punished for the tiniest of infractions.
    Although Denise and the others didn't know it, Mistress Gibbons' knick-name
    among the other teachers was "Voodoo". It was of course inspired by her ancestry,
    but did not come from a predilection for sticking needles into voodoo-dolls,
    rather from a love of sticking needles into slaves.   
Finally, teaching
    make-up and dressing was Mistress Erica. Erica was originally French and
    was a shemale like Mistress Hoffmeyer. She had been some kind of tranny model
    on the Internet before her fashion sense caught the eye of Headmistress von
    Kaltenbrunner. Whereas the others mistresses and masters in the academy,
    even the ones who didn't teach them, all exuded that special confidence that
    came with being a natural dominant, Mistress Erica had the air of a submissive
    forced to behave dominantly. She treated the students milder than all the
    others did, and she simply didn't have that air of natural dominance, which
    the others had. The way in which she had been recruited didn't take a lot
    of thinking to figure out. Headmistress von Kaltenbrunner had probably visited
    her and told her that her services were required. When she had questioned
    or refused Headmistress, she had been beaten into submission and turned into
    a slave.   
This was confirmed
    one day as Headmistress entered her class one day to give her a message.
    Mistress Erica had fallen to her knees instantly, kissing Headmistress Kaltenbrunner's
    shoes. The Headmistress had delivered her message and turned to leave when
    she thought the better of it and returned. She had then ordered Erica to
    drop her skirt and it was here that the class found out that she was shemale
    and why she had never asked any of them to perform any sexual favors for
    them. Underneath her dark blue leather skirt Erica's member was imprisoned
    in a chastity tube. They saw this as Headmistress released the strap that
    held her genitals up between her legs after removing her panties and the
    sopping wet sanitary napkin they held. First Headmistress whipped Erica's
    ass, demanding that she count out the blows and thanking her after each blow
    for: "Teaching such a useless sissy-shit proper posture and discipline." She
    finished the session by rolling up her sleeve, putting on a rubber glove,
    lubing up her hand and ramming as far up Mistress Erica's ass as it would
    go. And that was quite far, all the way up to Headmistress' elbow. While
    pumping it in and out of Erica's ass to the sound of her out of breath screams,
    Headmistress amused herself by squeezing Erica's balls viciously. After half
    an hour of this treatment Headmistress removed her arm and Erica collapsed
    on the floor, thanking Headmistress for the lesson. As Headmistress finished
    by letting Erica licking her arm clean from shit neither Denise and Yvonne
    could control themselves any longer and came both massaging their now quite
    respectable tits as they emitted little orgasmic screams. Their behavior
    eluded the spent Erica, but it did certainly not elude Headmistress von Kaltenbrunner.
    She looked sharply at the two oversexed sissies and said: "Send these two
    to my quarters after class Erica." Erica croaked: "Headmistress, yes, Headmistress." Headmistress
    von Kaltenbrunner looked at the sissy licking shit off her arm and spat: "Get
    cracking you useless turd! These slaves are in need of training and what
    do you do? You lie around loafing. Get your sorry ass in gear, or I'll have
    to administer some real punishment, not just gentle caresses." Erica replied
    with some panic in her voice: "Headmistress, yes, Headmistress. Headmistress,
    immediately, Headmistress." She finished licking her own shit off Headmistress
    von Kaltenbrunner's arm and got up quickly reattaching the wire holding her
    chastised member and thus insuring that her crotch was once again smooth.
    She threw out the old sanitary napkin, got a new one and pulled up her panties
    first and then her skirt. With trembling voice and hands she had to clasp
    in front of her to keep them from shaking, she resumed her lesson, trying
    to pretend nothing had happened. Of course it didn't work and she spent the
    rest of the lesson punishing the distracted sissies.   
After class she
    stopped Denise and Yvonne and called for a guard to take them to the Headmistress'
    quarters. A large burly guard came carrying two leashes, which he used to
    drag the two very nervous girls along with. After a long walk through parts
    of the school were Denise had never been before, they arrived at a huge door
    made of some sort of dark hardwood. A plague beside the door read: "Regina
    von Kaltenbrunner, Headmistress". The guard rang a bell and after a minute
    or so Headmistress von Kaltenbrunner opened the door. The guard pushed the
    sissies through the door and closed it behind them. They instantly fell to
    their knees before Headmistress von Kaltenbrunner as they had been taught.
    She had changed her clothes and had now assumed a more sexually charged dominatrix
    role. Her hair was still pulled back in that tight bun and she still wore
    those menacing fifties style glasses, somehow reminding Denise of the classic
    movie stereotype of the strict schoolteacher. Denise had never really imagined
    how strict. Headmistress von Kaltenbrunner now wore thigh-high black boots
    laced up the front. The boots had seven-inch stiletto heels made of shiny
    metal and thinner than any Denise had seen before. She wore black rubber
    opera gloves and nothing else. Her body was perfect and looked a lot more
    like the body of a woman of twenty than that of a woman in her forties. Her
    right hand held her trademark riding crop. "Well, well," she purred, "so
    you two are regular little sexpots, aren't you just?" Her voice, now much
    softer than the one she used in class, had a natural menacing quality that
    made Denise break out in goosebumps. Denise had no doubt that Headmistress
    von Kaltenbrunner was the most complete mistress she was ever going meet,
    so in control, so menacing and domineering, without even trying hard. She
    continued before Denise's train of thought could go any further: "So you
    two thought it was exciting seeing me dominate that useless shemale slave,
    did you?" Neither Denise nor Yvonne thought it was a question to be answered,
    but their misconception was immediately corrected: "Answer me, you worthless
    wannabe cunts!" she shouted and kicked Denise on the side of the head with
    her pointy boot so hard that Denise's vision blackened for minute and she
    fell over on her side. Yvonne was the first to answer in a tiny timid voice: "Headmistress,
    yes, Headmistress. Headmistress, this useless slave thought it was terribly
    sexy, Headmistress." Headmistress was just about to beat an answer out of
    Denise when she managed to say something along the same lines. Incredibly
    Headmistress laughed at this. She threw back her head and laughed heartily
    as the two stunned sissies cowered before her, more confused than ever. Headmistress'
    laugh died and she spoke, the laughter barely hidden in her voice: "Yes,
    you are right. It was sexy...FOR ME!" She shouted the last part out, making
    the sissies jump with surprise. "You two shits, you two little oversexed
    little sluts need to learn some discipline and respect. I will decide when
    it is okay for you two whores to have fun &ndash; if ever. So let's work
    on that, shall we?" Denise and Yvonne agreed with trembling voices that they
    needed to learn discipline.   
Headmistress moved
    quickly to cuff their hands behind their backs. Then she ordered them to
    lie down on their backs, legs spread wide. To raise their asses up as ordered,
    they placed their feet at their buttocks, folding their legs, and used them
    to stem their asses up. Headmistress dealt with Denise first. She knelt between
    Denise's legs with two short needles, both with wires at one end. She looked
    Denise in the eye and said: "You had better not move an inch, bitch." Denise
    swallowed in fear as Headmistress turned her attention to Denise's crotch
    again. Lifting up Denise's embarrassingly erect member and her balls, she
    inserted one of the needles right behind Denise's scrotum. The pain was unbearable
    and Denise and instinctively tried to jerk away. Headmistress von Kaltenbrunner
    had anticipated this and had a firm grip around Denise's genitals so that
    she was unable to get very far as the needle was pushed all the way in. "You
    will be punished for that, you stupid cow." Headmistress remarked coldly
    as she picked up the second needle. "Headmistress, yes, Headmistress. Headmistress,
    I am sorry, Headmistress." Denise cried. It was the same story with the second
    needle as it entered Denise right next to her asshole. Headmistress finished
    by connecting the wires to a small control box, before moving on to Yvonne,
    where the same thing repeated itself. Yvonne wasn't able to hold still as
    the needles entered her either, and now they could both look forward to further
    punishment.   
Headmistress ordered
    Denise to stand with her back to Yvonne, who was ordered to kneel, so that
    Denise now squatting over her head. "Now slave," Headmistress addressed Yvonne, "Open
    your mouth and hold it open. Don't you dare spill anything or puke." Yvonne
    now looked at Denise's ass only inches away, her mouth poised to take Denise's
    shit. Headmistress now pushed a button on the control connected to the needles
    in Denise. An electric shock, not big enough to cause real pain, surged through
    the needle near Denise's ass causing her to expel her stomach contents involuntarily,
    her insides convulsing with the shock. Yvonne was forced to eat it all and
    she managed to keep it down while Headmistress watched her. Tears of humiliation
    ran down her cheeks as Denise was ordered to turn around. Now it was time
    for Yvonne to swallow Denise's urine as Headmistress pushed the other button
    causing Denise to loose all bladder control, letting forth a stream of hot
    piss. When it was over Yvonne was crying quietly as she fought to keep the
    things she had swallowed down. To make sure that she did Headmistress gagged
    her using a big penis gag. This only made Yvonne cry harder. But now the
    roles were reversed and Denise had to kneel, as she was now the one to swallow
    shit and piss. When it was over she too was gagged and crying.   
Headmistress, however,
    wasn't finished with them. She removed the needles and led them to a spot
    where two large metal dildos stood straight out of the floor. Both had trained
    their agility, but sliding down on the dildos with their legs sticking straight
    out to either side until their crotches touched the ground, still put an
    awful strain on the crying little sissies. Once they were all the way down
    Headmistress von Kaltenbrunner secured them in that position by strapping
    their legs to the floor using eyebolts already there. She secured their cuffed
    hands the same way to an eyebolt behind them, forcing them to stick their
    chests out to keep their balance and not fall back on their hands. She left
    them sitting there straining and for while did nothing. Then there was a
    knock and Headmistress von Kaltenbrunner opened the door. Mistress Erica
    stood outside, nervously clasping her hands in front of her. She fell to
    her knees as Headmistress opened the door, kissing her boots. Headmistress'
    voice was all sweetness and kindness as she spoke to Erica: "Come in my dear.
    I have those two nasty little sluts in here and I am sure that you are just
    dying to punish them, aren't you?" Erica didn't look like she was dying to
    do anything but avoid further punishment from the hands of Headmistress so
    she replied in an unsteady voice: "Headmistress, yes I would love to, Headmistress.
    Headmistress, thank you, Headmistress." Letting Erica in Headmistress was
    still all sweetness: "Not all dear. The useless little shits certainly deserve
    it, don't they?" Erica's voice was still unsteady as she replied: "Headmistress,
    yes, they certainly do, Headmistress." Closing the door behind Erica Headmistress
    von Kaltenbrunner laid her arm around Erica's shoulders leading her towards
    the bound sissies. The touch made Erica jump, emitting a frightened little
    squeal. Headmistress pretended not to notice although her eyes sparkled with
    sadistic delight. She looked every bit the predator toying with her terrified
    prey. Erica certainly fit the part of prey as she trembled in Headmistress'
    embrace. Handing Erica her riding crop she instructed her: "Here you are.
    Now whip their tits hard. Let them know that they can't get away with that
    kind of behavior." Denise and Yvonne thought that Headmistress had already
    taught them that lesson and they squirmed and cried in fearful anticipation
    of the pain to come. But the whipping turned out to be light at worst. Erica
    looked terrified of hitting another person and her blows were woefully inadequate.
    She held the riding crop like a nun holds a sailor's dick; betraying that
    this was not within her. Every time the crop struck one of the bound sissies,
    she closed her eyes and emitted a small squeal. Denise and Yvonne looked
    at her in wonder as the crop failed to cause them any harm. Headmistress
    had of course set Erica up for the fall and now she pounced: "You useless
    cow!" she screamed into Erica's face. Erica dropped the crop and cowered
    before Headmistress as she hurled abuse at her: "You are not fit to be called
    mistress of anything. You can't even control your body, you useless, worthless
    slut. What are you doing to my floor?" Denise saw that Erica, who apparently
    was wearing neither panties nor sanitary napkin, had shit herself. A small
    brown turd was making its way down the inside of her leg together with a
    stream of yellow piss landing in a growing puddle at her feet. Erica cried
    hopelessly as Headmistress continued to abuse her: "I had hoped that I could
    teach you some proper behavior as mistress, you utterly worthless whore.
    But apparently I was wrong. I am beginning to feel more than a little disappointed." When
    Headmistress said this Erica began to cry hysterically, falling to her knees
    in her own shit, pleading and begging Headmistress to have mercy. Not only
    were her words tearful and garbled, hardly understandable, but they also
    fell on completely deaf ears. Headmistress would have none of it: "Get undressed,
    slut, and lick up your mess," she ordered in the coldest of voices. Still
    sobbing hysterically Erica removed all her clothes, leaving her shoes and
    the corset she been wearing underneath. Then she began eating her own shit
    and licking up her own piss. When the floor was completely spotless save
    for Erica's saliva, Headmistress was waiting for her. She put Erica's hands
    in mittens and folded up her arms so that upper and lower arms lay against
    each other and then she strapped them together. She did a similar thing with
    Erica's feet and soon Erica was standing on all fours, on her knees and elbows.
    Headmistress then put a collar and leash on her and led her over to Denise
    and Yvonne. Erica was still sobbing almost hysterically like she expected
    something terrible to happen to her. With Erica standing about five feet
    from the two sissies bound and straining, their muscles getting very tired,
    Headmistress addressed Erica: "Now, you hopeless little whore, I'm going
    to show you how a proper punishment is performed." Turning to Denise and
    Yvonne she said: "As for you two little cows, I'm going to teach you a little
    respect and discipline." She picked up the crop, which Erica had dropped
    and began whipping Denise and Yvonne mercilessly, the crop striking them
    on their tits and on the inside of their thighs. They screamed and thrashed,
    but there was no escape and no reprieve. Denise lost track of time as her
    front was gradually covered completely in thick, red welts. Her tits, which
    had grown to a respectable 32D, one of her most sensitive spots, were swelling
    under the intensity of the beating and causing her extreme pain. Just when
    she felt like she could take no more, the whipping stopped. Both she and
    Yvonne were sobbing hysterically, tears streaming down their faces. Headmistress
    bent down and brought her face close to Denise's, holding her chin in a vice
    grip and looking her straight into her eyes as she asked Denise: "I trust
    that you have learned your lesson? I trust that you will now treat teachers
    with the proper respect?" Denise tried to nod vigorously as she made sound
    of confirmation behind her gag. Headmistress looked at her again and said
    with an exaggerated sad look on her face: "I think not. I know sluts like
    you. You are always insincere and the lesson needs to be hammered home." Denise
    tried to shake her head, to plead for Headmistress please not to hurt her
    anymore, but that was of course out of the question. Headmistress stood up
    and with the toe of her right boot stepped down on Denise's left testicle,
    gradually increasing the pressure. Denise's world exploded in pain and she
    screamed; the tendons in her neck standing out as her head grew red and she
    ran out of air and her scream became silent. Then Headmistress took her foot
    away and after a little while Denise had caught her breath again as she sobbed
    in pain. As soon as Denise had gotten tiny measure of control over herself,
    Headmistress did the same thing to her right testicle. When Headmistress
    took her foot away Denise was just about to loose consciousness from the
    pain. Before leaving Denise to subject the absolutely terrified Yvonne to
    the same treatment, Headmistress had a parting shot. She stepped back and
    delivered a brutal kick with her pointy boot to Denise's crotch. Denise had
    no air to scream but she tried anyway before she tried to lean back on her
    hands and get a measure of rest while she cried. It turned out that Headmistress
    had made their bindings so that it wasn't possible. Leaning back to touch
    the ground put so great a strain on her hips by twisting them, that she had
    to try and maintain her "normal" strained position.   
Next to her Yvonne
    underwent the same brutal treatment: first the whipping, then Headmistress
    stepping on either testicle before finally finishing by kicking her in the
    groin. Yvonne did actually loose consciousness so that Headmistress had to
    grab her hair as she collapsed backwards, so as not to injure her hips. This
    did not improve Headmistress' mood and she had a little special punishment
    for Denise and Yvonne before turning her attention to Erica. Doing Denise
    first, she used her extremely thin and sharp heel to torture Denise's genitals.
    She used it to step several times on Denise's cock, causing her to thrash
    and scream. And then she used it on Denise's testicles, first left, then
    right. Denise felt the worst pain she had ever experienced as she with horror
    saw the heel sink in to her testicle until she was sure that her testicle
    would pop. Here Headmistress stopped applying more pressure, but rather held
    a steady pressure for what seemed like forever. When Denise felt that she
    had screamed herself out and she felt darkness creeping in the sides of her
    vision, as she was about to pass out, Headmistress slowly lifted the pressure.
    Denise was completely hysterical. She would do anything for Headmistress,
    anything at all. Headmistress waited for Denise to regain a small measure
    of composure before she did the same thing to her right testicle. Denise
    tried to plead and beg, her vision almost obscured by tears, but it did her
    no good. Once again she watched in horrified fascination as Headmistress
    heel sank deeper and deeper into her testicle and she again was convinced
    that it would pop. This time Headmistress held the pressure for far longer,
    slapping Denise's face occasionally to keep her conscious. When it was finally
    over Denise had been broken completely. She would do anything for Headmistress
    now; anything to please her and avoid punishment.   
Denise was hardly
    aware of Yvonne's punishment, but Headmistress noticed that Yvonne broke
    much more easily and seemed to enjoy the punishment far less. Others might
    have seen the punishments and seen only pain in the slaves, but Headmistress
    was not the Headmistress for nothing. All the sissies who came to the academy
    were submissive to some extent. A few were captured and sent here against
    their will, but before coming all had been conditioned to be submissives.
    Quite a few who came had actively consented to coming, and could as such
    be regarded as submissives, while others who might not have consented turned
    out to be natural submissives. And as such they all had a certain craving
    for punishment and humiliation, although the degree varied a great deal,
    from the true submissiveness Denise had displayed from the very beginning
    to the camouflaged vanilla that Erica displayed.   
All the other mistresses
    had noticed that Denise stood out with regards to submissiveness. She relished
    in being punished, in submitting. This was good news for her, because all
    the students were in for lives of brutal torture and absolute submission
    once they left the academy. If she could enjoy it to some extent, she was
    insured a happier life than most of the others.   
Many of the sissies
    who came voluntarily did it because their Sugardaddy had asked them. They
    had played a few S&amp;M games and liked to please their lovers so they said
    yes in the belief that once they came home they would be tied up once in
    a while and maybe spanked occasionally. This was of course a fatal misunderstanding.
    No one paid the very substantial fees that the academy took to have their
    slave run around in pretty underwear and say "Master" or "Mistress" once
    in a while. No, when you paid that kind of money you wanted an absolutely
    submissive fucktoy who could take any kind of torture, who would submit unconditionally.
    The sissies from the academy were all destined for a lifetime of harsh and
    demanding slavery. The mistresses and masters they were going home to after
    the academy would be perfectionists and as such the slaves would be expected
    to perform flawlessly all the time. When their mistresses and masters tired
    of them, they would do one of two things: Either they would kill them for
    the fun of it or they would sell them to others. Most would be sold and would
    eventually end up as whores of one kind or the others, their lives probably
    ending at the hands of a customer or in a snuff flick. No matter how positive
    you were there was no way any of the slaves graduating from the academy would
    make it to old age. Their lives would be too hard, too dangerous.   
Thinking about
    Denise's submissiveness while she tortured Yvonne eventually brought Headmistress
    attention back to Erica. Headmistress had "recruited" Erica as an experiment.
    She had noticed Erica's tranny-website and thought that some of the slutty
    behavior and dress exhibited by the tranny might not be a bad thing for the
    sissies to learn. They already learned some of it in the classes on feminine
    behavior, but teaching them outright sluttiness might not be a bad thing.
    She realized that it would require her to capture the tranny and turn her
    into a slave, before training her to be a mistress in her academy. But she
    didn't think that this should pose a problem. She had done something like
    it before after all. Elke Hoffmeyer had been a tranny prostitute when Regina
    von Kaltenbrunner had found her. Seeing both the challenge and the potential
    she had abducted Elke and turned her into a proper shemale, torturing her
    into shape. After her initial training they had both seen her potential as
    a mistress and Headmistress had trained her to be one, earning her eternal
    gratitude. Elke Hoffmeyer loved what Regina von Kaltenbrunner had turned
    her into and relished in her role as a dominant. From time to time she even
    knocked on Headmistress' door late in the night and begged to be tortured
    and humiliated. It was a most satisfying relationship and to Headmistress'
    knowledge she submitted to no one else. On the contrary she used her time
    off from the academy to play a dominatrix role many other places, sometimes
    for money, sometimes for sport.   
This brought home
    even more clearly the failure of Erica. A full year after completing her
    training and becoming a shemale, she had yet to exhibit any dominating traits
    at all. Headmistress had not expected her to become an outright dominatrix,
    that would have been too much to ask even for Headmistress, but Headmistress
    didn't think it was too much to ask of Erica to display just a tiny bit of
    authority. And Erica had displayed none of that. This was the reason Headmistress
    had turned up at her lesson, to tell her that her time was up and this was
    of course also the reason she had been so nervous when she turned up at Headmistress'
    door. She knew she was going to be turned into a regular slave again.   
Now, temporarily
    done with Denise and Yvonne, she turned her attention to Erica. Headmistress
    thought that it would be fun to plunge Erica all the way back to slavery
    with a good, long, merciless torture session. Not only would she derive great
    pleasure from it herself, it would do the job as far as Erica was concerned
    and finally it would be a great lesson for the two little sissies sitting
    there trying to recover. Keeping them here would also provide her with entertainment
    when Erica needed to rest in order to get the full benefit of the next installment
    of the torture session.   
As she turned towards
    Erica these thoughts, or at least the essence of them, were clearly visible
    on her face and Erica actually began to emit a high-pitched whine of pure
    fear. A little over two years ago Erica had been happy living as a transvestite,
    making a little money on her website and getting contacts for great sex via
    the site at the same time. Then one evening, as Erica (or Eric as he had
    called himself then) had been home alone this evil woman had turned up at
    her door asking if she could have a word. She was dressed in a most domineering
    fashion. She had worn black ankle high boots with seven-inch metal stilettos,
    an ultra short black, leather skirt and a short, black leather jacket with
    nothing underneath. Her hair had been pulled back and she had worn the same
    glasses he had come to know she always wore. Eric had swung both ways and
    although she looked quite domineering, she had also been very attractive;
    her face may have revealed her age, but her body sure didn't. Besides, she
    was alone so what could possibly go wrong? He thought about that two hours
    later as she led him down the stairs in the middle of the night. He was wearing
    only a pair of five-inch stilettos and he was gagged and bound. She had used
    only things from his apartment to tie him up with.   
It had started
    peacefully enough with her asking him if he would like to work for her teaching
    little sissies to dress up as complete sluts. When he had politely refused,
    she had brushed it off and instead come on strong to him. He had found himself
    unable to resist her and soon he was prancing around dressed only in a pair
    of five-inch heels as she kissed and fondled him until he was just about
    to cum. Then she had pounced on him, displaying surprising strength. He fought
    her but soon she had tied his hands behind his back and when he tried calling
    for help, she gagged him with a pair of his own dirty underwear, tying it
    in place with a piece of cloth from the kitchen. She had laid him across
    her knee and spanked him using a wooded spoon from the kitchen. She had continued
    taunting and teasing him, finally jerking him off until he shot his load
    on the kitchen floor. The night's games hadn't ended there as she continued
    to tease and abuse him, making him cum three more time on the kitchen floor.
    As he lay in puddle of his own cum he had told himself that it had been a
    strange but good night. That was when she had shattered that dream as she
    leaned in over him and said: "You are going to teach at my academy, whether
    you want to or not. I'm taking you with me and turning you into one of my
    little shemale bitches. After that we'll see if you have any dominating qualities
    in you. If you do, good. You'll have nice little life as a mistress then.
    If not, you are in for a lifetime of slavery and pain." As she led him from
    the apartment he waddled since his knees were tied together. A piece of string
    went from the string around his knees around his neck, forcing him to bend
    over as he walked. For a leash she had tied a clothesline around his genitals,
    making sure the knots were many and tight. But the worst bit was the rolling
    pin. She had taken his marble rolling pin and not the thin delicate one either,
    and shoved so far up his ass only a small part of the handle stuck out of
    him. Getting it up there had been extremely painful and he wanted so bad
    to expel it, but she had told him that if he expelled it before she gave
    the order, she would torture him so bad he wouldn't stop screaming for two
    days, and looking into her cold, gray eyes, he had believed her. He had kept
    the rolling pin in his ass as he was thrown into the trunk of her car, as
    he waddled on to her private jet to be flown away and the rolling pin had
    still been in his ass as he was unloaded in one of her dungeons. She had
    looked him in the eyes as she yanked it out and said: "Good. You can obey
    orders and that's always a start." Then his feminization and slave training
    began. The feminization bit was easy enough, him being already somewhat feminine,
    but the slave training had been harder, at least at first. Although he had
    never admitted it to himself, he had very strong submissive streak. And sure
    enough, Regina von Kaltenbrunner had found it. She had broken him quickly
    and completely, reducing him to a sissified wreck. Then she had reshaped
    him as a slave and he began to enjoy his submission, just as he began to
    feel more feminine and think of "herself", rather than "himself". For a time
    it was quite good. Eric became Erica and she enjoyed the sex training and
    she enjoyed submitting to Headmistress. But as the first part of her training
    came to an end and the part where she was supposed to assume some of the
    powers of a mistress, things went wrong. Erica found herself unable to dominate
    anyone and punishing someone was even harder. It didn't matter that Headmistress
    made it quite clear to her what her fate would be if she did not live up
    to expectation. She simply didn't have it in her. She had feared the moment
    for weeks when Headmistress had came to her class and told her. For weeks
    she had been paralyzed with fear, unable to do anything else than continue
    her teaching. At night she sat awake, dreading the day Headmistress would
    come and turn her back into a slave. She had no illusions as to her fate.
    She knew perfectly well what became of the ones graduating from the academy,
    and had no doubt that the same would happen to her. She would be sold into
    slavery and pain. But she was unable to help herself, paralyzed by fear and
    a feeling of inferiority as she was.   
So when Headmistress
    turned from Yvonne and looked at her with eyes gleaming with sadistic lust,
    she whined. She knew that the moment she had feared was now upon her, her
    nightmares staring her straight in the face. Headmistress caught her by the
    hair and flung her on to her back and removed her chastity device so that
    her genitals could be punished. She than fetched a real whip instead of a
    riding crop and began whipping Erica en earnest, the whip finding every spot
    on her body, snaking around limbs and into crevices, covering her in bleeding
    red welts. When Erica's front was completely covered, Headmistress turned
    her over and did the same to her other side until she collapsed. As Erica
    lay there on her stomach, Headmistress kicked her pointy boot up between
    her buttocks and began inserting her whole forefoot into Erica's ass, making
    her squirm and moan with pain and discomfort. Once the foot was al the way
    in, all the she had to do to cause even greater pain, was to lower her heel.
    When she did this her heel stepped directly on Erica's left ball. Erica screamed
    and tried to escape, but moving only increased her pain, so in the end she
    just lay still and screamed.   
After a while Headmistress
    withdrew her foot and turned to Denise and Yvonne, letting Erica recuperate.
    Again picking Denise first she knelt down in front of her and gently grabbed
    her cock in one hand and her balls in the other. Denise drew a sharp breath
    as she prepared the pain that was bound to come. Instead Headmistress began
    to stroke her cock gently, massaging her balls in the most pleasurable manner
    possible. In spite of the extreme torture she had been subjected to not long
    ago, her libido won and in a matter of minutes she could feel her orgasm
    building. Her whole body tensed in joyful anticipation as she threw back
    her head and closed her eyes. Just as the first squirt of sperm ejaculated
    from her cock Headmistress squeezed her balls with the full power of her
    hand. Even as what should have been a fantastic orgasm rolled over her, Denise
    experienced the worst pain she had ever felt. She didn't even have energy
    to scream as she thrashed and eventually passed out. Headmistress held the
    unconscious slut by the hair as she revived her using smelling salt.   
Regina von Kaltenbrunner's
    thighs were slick with her own juices as she tortured these sissies. Although
    she had only masturbated herself to an orgasm or two during the night, she
    had cum countless times. A good torture session always made her cum. But
    unlike others, who wanted to relax and enjoy the afterglow, Headmistress'
    orgasms only fuelled the need for more orgasms. So the wilder the torture,
    the better the orgasms, the more energy and hunger for more orgasms and the
    harder the torture. For Headmistress torture sessions were a self-fuelling
    cycle and she had to be careful not to spin out of control. But tonight she
    didn't give a damn about control. The two little sissies were not to be permanently
    damaged, but witnessing a really brutal torture session might shape them
    into more frightened and submissive bitches. As for Erica, Headmistress had
    decided that she was too old too be sold for any reasonable price and besides
    her skills as a slave were not exactly extraordinary. She had caught her
    herself and that hadn't cost too much. And finally it had been a long time
    since she had really given herself a treat. Now Erica was going to be that
    treat.   
But first it was
    time for the other little slut. When Denise regained her consciousness and
    began wailing in terror and pain, Headmistress let go of her hair and turned
    to Yvonne who cried as Headmistress approached. "What's the matter, honey?" she
    mocked Yvonne, "Afraid that Mommy's going to hurt you? Afraid that Mommy's
    going to fuck you and that it'll feel good in spite of the pain?" Denise
    felt a pang of guilt at the mention of the word "Mommy".   
Headmistress didn't
    seem to notice Denise's guilty looks as she began giving Yvonne the same
    treatment she had given Denise. When she had woken up Yvonne as well, she
    did something, which surprised Denise: she removed their gags. It was more
    than a little disturbing, especially as she added: "No screaming, no begging,
    no pleading from now on. I want to work undisturbed and if I hear a sound
    from either of you, you are going to spend the next two weeks screaming.
    Have I made myself clear?" Both Denise and Yvonne nodded eagerly. "Good," she
    said, "and now for the evenings main attraction." Then she turned to Erica.   
For the next several
    hours she tortured Erica without mercy: She fisted her with one arm, then
    the other and then she put chili oil on it before ramming it as far up as
    it would go. She stuck pins through Erica's tits before connecting the needles
    to electrical wires. Headmistress tied straps around Erica's folded up limbs
    and used them to tie her up spread-eagle on the floor. Here she whipped the
    exhausted slave once again for good measure. She allowed Erica to rest a
    little as she got herself a drink and masturbated while standing with her
    legs spread across Erica's face. She seemed to be finished with the hardcore
    torture as she knelt down between Erica's legs and gently grabbed Erica's
    bruised genitals. Using her sweet touch she brought her cock to life and
    stroked it until it was rock hard and Erica was moaning with pleasure for
    the first time. Then, to everyone's great surprise she slipped the cock inside
    her and began to ride Erica. Erica was ecstatic with delight, moaning and
    squirming with pleasure. Headmistress ordered her to hold it while she herself
    came several times, but finally Erica could hold it no more and Headmistress
    told her she could cum. And cum she did. Erica thrashed and screamed as she
    experienced one of the best orgasms of her life. Afterwards Headmistress
    sat on her face so that Erica could clean her pussy while she had few orgasms
    herself. As Headmistress got up, Erica thanked her profusely until Headmistress
    turned and said in an icy tone: "You didn't seriously think it would be that
    easy, now did you slut?" The words froze everyone in the room but Headmistress.
    Denise and Yvonne had just recovered from the worst shocks of the evening
    and their hopelessly oversexed bodies had reacted to the sex between Headmistress
    and Erica by making their bruised members hard again as the girls squirmed
    in the hope of release. Now they began to fear again. It was clearly the
    same with Erica. After having sex with Headmistress she had thought that
    the torture was over and that she would now just be sold. But now Headmistress
    returned to stand between her legs, looking down on her with utter contempt. "You
    think that the useless performance you just pulled off makes it alright?
    That you are now somehow in the clear?" she hissed down at Erica. Erica tried
    to excuse her poor performance, to explain that she had meant no disrespect,
    but the words stuck in her throat and became pitiful, little croaking sounds.
    Erica didn't think she could take another minute of torture. The prospect
    of more torture at the hands of this cruel woman filled her with absolute
    dread.   
Headmistress looked
    down on Erica with a cold, contemptuous stare: "You really are the most worthless
    piece of shit I have seen in good, long while. You won't even fetch a decent
    price if I sell you and you certainly have no marketable skills." As Headmistress
    said this Erica understood that she wasn't going to be sold after all; that
    all the pain and suffering she had feared would come after she had been sold,
    would come right now instead. She began to scream. A high-pitched scream
    of one who knows that she is doomed. Headmistress now placed her right boot-heel
    with the utmost care on Erica's right testicle and began to apply pressure.
    She pressed until it looked like the testicle was just about to pop. Then
    she did like she had done to Denise; she stopped applying more pressure but
    instead held the pressure constant. Erica screamed even more, thrashing in
    her bonds as she tried to escape. When she had held the heel there for good
    long time she withdrew it.   
She did the same
    thing to Erica's left testicle before taking a small break. During the break
    she squatted over Denise's face and made her swallow a stream of warm piss.
    When she had finished urinating she made Denise's lick her until she came
    before she returned her attention to Erica. Again she focused on her crotch,
    launching into a round of furious kicks with her pointed boot to Erica's
    testicles. When Erica fainted for the third time, Headmistress took a break
    and went to fetch something. She woke Erica up using smelling salts and when
    Erica was fully awake Headmistress showed her what she had fetched. When
    Erica recognized the nutcracker in Headmistress hand she screamed. She tried
    begging and pleading, babbling incoherently as she tried to make Headmistress
    stop, but nothing helped. Headmistress gently took one of Erica's testicles
    in her left hand. The testicles was already badly bruised and swollen, but
    that didn't stop Headmistress from placing the jaws of the nutcracker around
    it. Once this was accomplished she looked at Erica's face with a little smile.
    Erica's babbling had stopped as she stared completely paralyzed at her testicle.
    Then Headmistress slowly and deliberately closed the jaws of the nutcracker
    and Erica's screams increased in intensity before she vomited and passed
    out. Headmistress patiently woke up Erica, who was completely hysterical,
    and continued the torture. Using the nutcracker she made sure that the testicle
    was crushed by using it again an again. The process made Erica vomit and
    faint several time and after a while Headmistress got up to take a break
    before taking care of the other testicle.   
As she did, she
    checked on the two little sluts who had witnessed the whole thing. Both were
    conscious and both had their heads bowed in frightened submission as she
    looked their way. They had both thrown up and were quite pale.   
When Erica had
    calmed down a bit Headmistress dealt with her other testicle in the same
    way, using the nutcracker to make sure that it was completely crushed. She
    finished by saying to Erica: "Now that's taken care of you useless worm.
    You must realize that you had it coming. It was for the best, don't you agree?" The
    question was clearly seriously meant and demanded an answer. Erica was out
    of her mind with pain and hysteria, but she had enough presence of mind to
    realize that Headmistress could still cause her enormous amounts of pain.
    She knew that things could always get worse so she nodded while crying hysterically,
    words refusing to form in her mouth. Satisfied Headmistress stood up released
    Erica from the straps holding her spread eagle. Then she forced her to stand
    on all fours. This was extremely painful for Erica, but finally she managed
    and when she stood on all fours, crying completely inconsolably, Headmistress
    patted her on the head and said: "You certainly are my bitch now, aren't
    you?"   
From the two little
    sluts, sitting beside her where they could see everything, she had heard
    dry heaving several times, but noted with satisfaction that they had stifled
    their screams, turning them instead to subdued whimpers.   
Denise was absolutely
    terrified. She didn't think this kind of thing could happen, and it brought
    it home what she had become. As a slave herself she could be put through
    the same thing as Erica had or something even worse. It diminished what pleasure
    she had taken in her submission substantially. She would now never be able
    to shed herself of the image of Erica being castrated. Yvonne was even worse
    off. She sat mumbling to herself, shaking her head all the while.   
Although only Headmistress
    Kaltenbrunner knew, the torture had lasted all night and classes were scheduled
    to begin in just half-an-hour. So she calmly went to the phone and called
    Mistress Hoffmeyer: "Elke, I have two of your students here who are ready
    to begin the day's lesson, so get you fat ass up here and fetch them! And
    while you're at it bring Pauline with you to take care of Erica. She needs
    a little surgery before she can perform her new duties. Get moving!" Denise
    didn't feel tired after a long night of torture. Rather she felt so afraid
    that she thought she might never sleep again. Headmistress didn't look tired
    either. She looked as if she had never been more awake and alive. Indeed
    that was just how she felt. Regina von Kaltenbrunner had never felt better.
    It had been a truly satisfying session. Now all she had to do was to find
    out what to do with Erica. First she would have to have the crushed testicles
    removed, a piece of surgery Dr. Jacobsen would perform. Then Headmistress
    would have think of a use for her. She decided that until something more
    amusing came to mind, she would transform her into one of the rubber maids.
    The rubber maids did all the cleaning at the academy. They were slaves who
    had failed in some way and who couldn't be sold for a good enough price.
    They were severely corseted creatures, covered in rubber from head to toe,
    always wearing ballet toed boots, always chained hand and foot, even the
    eye openings of their suits had mirror lenses so that no one could see their
    eyes and all they ever did was clean, wash and sometimes help in the kitchen.
    There were never enough of them since they could be used freely by everyone
    at the academy, except by the other slaves. The plugs in their mouth, ass
    and pussy (if they had one) could be removed for fucking, but that was not
    their main attraction since the staff could also use any of the students
    for sexual purposes. No, the main attraction about the rubber maids was that
    they could be punished and tortured at will. This meant that they regularly
    turned up irreparably damaged or dead.   
Returning her attention
    to the present, Headmistress heard Mistress Hoffmeyer knocking on the door
    and she went to open it. When Mistress Hoffmeyer and Mistress Gibbons saw
    what had happened, they looked knowingly at each other and nodded. "Good
    session, Headmistress?" asked Mistress Pauline. "Very good, thank you." Headmistress
    replied, "Now get these two to class and get someone to clean up the mess.
    The bitch first needs surgery to remove the crushed balls. Then turn her
    into one of the rubber bitches." Mistress Hoffmeyer had cringed involuntarily
    as Headmistress spoke of Erica's crushed balls, but both thought that it
    was good that Headmistress had let off a little steam. Everyone who knew
    her, knew that she needed these brutal torture sessions once in a while,
    and this one had been long overdue.   
The two other mistresses
    set about carrying out Headmistress' orders. Denise and Yvonne were released
    from their bindings and helped to stand. At first their feet would not support
    them, but a warning glance from Headmistress insured that they could stand
    and walk no matter how bad the pain was or how numb their legs were. Mistress
    Hoffmeyer escorted them to class were they got in trouble right away since
    their genitals were so swollen from the night's abuse that they made trouble
    getting them into their restraints. The trouble was cured by a remark by
    Mistress Hoffmeyer: "Think of Erica and get to it!" The remark got Denise
    and Yvonne moving and in spite of the pain they squeezed their swollen genitals
    into their restraints so the day's lesson could begin. The day went very
    badly for the two scared sissies. They were too scared and shocked to concentrate
    properly and were consequently punished constantly. When it was time to put
    them back in their sleeping bags, both were barely able to stand, shaking
    all over from fear and pain. Although they didn't know it, Mistress Hoffmeyer
    made sure that they were given sleeping medicine and that their brainwashing
    session that night was especially soothing.   
Denise and Yvonne
    eventually recovered from the shock, but not without a permanent fear of
    disobeying or failing to live up expectations. Headmistress noted with some
    satisfaction that both little sluts turned into the most obedient slaves
    in the whole school. These two never hesitated in performing their orders
    no matter how painful or disgusting. Their attitude rubbed off on the others
    as well. There weren't many occasions were the sissies could speak to each
    other, but little by little the others got the story and it put the fear
    into them. Headmistress' commands were obeyed faster around these useless
    slave-sluts than anywhere else.   
As for Erica, Headmistress
    did think of a better use for her than to become just another throwaway rubber
    toy. Headmistress had tired of her old personal assistant a few weeks ago
    and had consequently sold her. She now forced Erica to take on the role.
    Denise saw the new personal assistant a few weeks later when Erica had healed
    enough to perform her new assignments. Erica was now wearing a shiny white
    rubber suit leaving only her head free. On her feet were shiny black plastic
    boots, ankle high. They had ballet pointed toe and pencil thin stiletto heels
    more than nine inches high. Her ankles were cuffed and connected by a chain
    no more than eight inches, forcing her to take tiny little steps. Around
    her waist was a brutal, black corset made from some shiny plastic material
    with steel supports built into it. As time went by Denise noticed that Erica's
    waist shrunk on a weekly basis until it had reached about twelve inches.
    Around her neck was a collar, or more precisely a neck corset, made from
    the same shiny plastic material her corset was made from and just as constrictive.
    It made sure that she could only hold her head in one position. And Erica's
    head had been shaved completely bald, even the eyebrows were gone. Headmistress
    had made certain that she would never again grow any hair at all. An integral
    part of the collar was her head- and gag harness. Her gag was of the penis
    type, the penis held in place by a big, black, rectangular piece of plastic.
    This was held in place by the straps of her head harness, which crisscrossed
    her bald head and face. From her nose hung a thick and wide steel ring. Her
    hands were encased in mittens made from the same black, shiny and hard plastic
    material as her corset and collar and they were squeezed into impossibly
    small cones, her wrists cuffed and connected by a chain of about ten inches.
    The chain between her wrists was connected to two other chains: one going
    around her waist and the other secured to a D-ring in her collar. She was
    thus prevented from bringing her hands below the level of her waist and above
    the level of her tits. From her ass the handle of a very large dildo protruded
    at least eight inches, preventing her from sitting down. But the thing that
    really caught Denise's attention was naturally her crotch. Her crotch was
    the only part of her hairless body, apart from her head, that was not covered
    in shiny rubber or plastic. Her lack of balls was immediately noticed and
    so was her small, limp dick. She had been pierced right through the head
    of her circumcised dick and in the hole hung a thick and wide steel ring.
    Headmistress used this ring for Erica's leash. Erica's eyes were constantly
    filled with fear and desperation as she struggled to keep up with her cruel
    mistress.   
What the precise
    function of the Headmistress' personal assistant was, apart from being severely
    bound, was far from clear. Erica carried different items for Headmistress
    as they were hung from her useless hands and sometimes she was used as a
    footrest or a stand to place objects on. She followed Headmistress wherever
    she went, but bound the way she was, she could perform very few useful functions.
    Except one: she was there to be tortured whenever Headmistress felt like
    it. Indeed that seemed to be her purpose. Erica's mind had all but shattered
    during the brutal torture session and she now believed that her purpose in
    life was to be punished by Headmistress. For Headmistress' part she just
    loved to yank Erica's leash, propelling her forward by pulling her now useless
    sex.  
Chapter 5   
A new part of the
    first year slaves training was introduced as part of the plan to make them
    hopelessly addicted to sex. Every evening when they finished class they would
    be escorted to a room covered in rubber on the inside. The sissies were ordered
    inside unbound and unescorted, dressed only in their white stilettos, collars
    and corsets. The corset training was shoving results, the widest waist about
    seventeen inches. The first time it happened and the girls stood waiting
    obediently to be told what to do and voice told them that they had one hour
    to themselves. They could do whatever they wanted. There were only two things
    they really could do: they could talk or they could fuck. Some feeble attempts
    at conversations were made and the girls did gossip between gasps, but with
    the training and conditioning combined with the chemicals, these sissies
    could do only one thing: fuck. The hour in the rubber room was one large
    fuckfest and most sissies managed at least five orgasms in that time. When
    they were informed that playtime was over, the floor and walls of the room
    had to be licked clean.   
The process of
    making the addicted to sex reached new absurd heights. The girls now had
    fifteen to twenty orgasm a day and the first thing they did in the morning
    now, was to do a sixty-nine together with the girl next to them, so that
    the pressure, which had built up during the night, could be relieved.   
The chemical and
    surgical part of their treatment was coming to an end. A few had had a little
    surgery to correct some imperfection, but none of them now had any remotely
    masculine traits. All looked super feminine. Denise's tits had grown to size
    36DD and she loved them. They were ever so sensitive and Denise never missed
    an opportunity to fondle them, bringing her nipples up to her tongue so that
    she could lick them.   
At Christmas time
    there was no training. The mistresses celebrated Christmas away from the
    sissies and it was the policy of the school that the slave owners should
    have as little trouble with sissies not fully trained. At the same time everyone
    knew that a little sensory deprivation training would be good for the silly
    bitches. So three days before Christmas they all stood outside their lockers
    looking strange and more than a little desperate. They wore only their usual
    black Oxfords with the seven-inch heel and a pair of black mittens. They
    had tubes coming out of every orifice in their bodies: breathing tubes hung
    out of their noses, feeding tubes, coming all the way from their stomachs,
    hung out of their mouths, catheter tubes for urine came from their cocks
    and tubes for forced enemas and waste removal came out of their asses. It
    had definitely not been pleasant having them put there and most had tears
    in their eyes as they were sealed inside new restrictive sleeping bags made
    from rubber. As her helmet was strapped on Denise found that she had just
    as little room to maneuver as in the old sleeping bag. This one did have
    a very nice addition. Her cock was encased in a sheath and it felt very nice
    holding her erect cock. Denise's cock was always at full mast these days
    and she was horny all the time. As both she and the others got better and
    better at performing sex, her orgasms got better and better and her sexual
    appetite grew. Sex was rarely off her mind. The only thing that was an even
    greater presence in her mind was the need to obey. Not only was it hammered
    home in all the lessons she had and in the nightly messages to her subconscious
    mind, the memory of Erica's fate was etched on her mind.   
As she was slid
    into her locker the messages began inside her helmet and suddenly the sheath
    around her cock came alive, giving her the first of a long row of magnificent
    orgasms. Denise and the others were sealed in their rubber cocoons for more
    than twelve days, until normal routines were resumed after Christmas. As
    they lay there the boundary between dream and reality blurred. Food, air
    and enemas were pumped into them, while urine, semen and shit was pumped
    out. They were unable to stop or help any of it. Time passed as series of
    images and words to condition them, punctuated by a series of pumping events:
    food, air, shit, urine and semen from fabulous orgasms.   
When they were
    removed from their cocoon all were completely disorientated, with stiff muscles
    and joints. But lessons started as before and the rules were the same: obey
    immediately or face the painful consequences and they quickly and painfully
    caught up.   
Their sex training
    was now quite advanced. They were able to bring both men and women to orgasms
    using most of their bodies &ndash; if not exactly their minds.   
It was time for
    the hopeless little sexpots to get some real life experience. The academy
    ran a whorehouse on the side and once the slaves passed a certain point,
    they spent most evenings and nights in this establishment earning money for
    the academy. This meant that they slept a great deal less now they were up
    most of the night entertaining guests. But this they had to able to cope
    with as well. It was expected of a slave to be able to perform her duties
    perfectly without sleep. At first it was dreadfully hard doing with only
    a few hours of sleep, but helped by ruthless punishment they soon got used
    to it. So their daily routine changed a little: first release, breakfast
    and morning enemas and baths, then lessons followed by an hour of breathless
    sex with the other first year sissies, followed in the evening by duty at
    the whorehouse.   
The whorehouse
    got many different kinds of customers. Most just wanted straight sex, usually
    blowjobs and cunt lappings. Denise had a very talented mouth and was quite
    popular among that category of customers. Most were intrigued by her penis,
    but usually only the women dared touch it. The men who paid for a shemale
    whore were usually more than a little insecure about their own sexuality
    and rarely had the courage to touch her cock. Another kind of customer was
    of course the sadists who took great pleasure in torturing and humiliating
    her. Again Denise was popular because of her extreme obedience and complete
    submissiveness. The torture at the whorehouse was invariably mild compared
    to what she was subjected to at the academy and bouncers always stood at
    the ready in case a customer went berserk.   
Denise for her
    part liked working as a whore. She felt (as she had been conditioned to feel)
    that she was a filthy whore and this was a fitting place for her to work
    in. Also she liked sex in all the forms it was performed in at the whorehouse.
    She was rarely allowed to cum while working. The customers were not interested
    in giving her orgasms and Denise knew better than to cum without permission,
    so she always left the whorehouse feeling terribly horny. This was usually
    taken care of just before she was sealed inside her locker, where the sissies
    were allowed to masturbate before being tied up.   
Denise had also
    become somewhat of a teacher's pet. Both Headmistress von Kaltenbrunner and
    Mistress Hoffmeyer frequently took her aside as entertainment for the night.
    Their ideas of entertainment were vastly different. Mistress Hoffmeyer was
    surprisingly vanilla in her private tastes. Sure she liked to see Denise
    grovel at her feet and she liked humiliating her, but mostly she just tied
    Denise up in some way and either fucked her ass or her face, even giving
    her reach-arounds when she fucked her ass. Denise soon developed warm feelings
    for Mistress Hoffmeyer and she in turn seemed to prefer Denise over most
    the other slaves, with the exception of Cindy. Cute little Cindy was everyone's
    favorite and the girl soon developed almost stress-like symptoms having to
    please so many people. But there was no mercy; she was slave and she had
    better perform.   
Headmistress von
    Kaltenbrunner seemed to prefer Denise even at Cindy's "expense". Her sessions
    with Denise were of a very different kind than those with Mistress Hoffmeyer.
    Regina von Kaltenbrunner did not have a single vanilla bone in her body.
    She enjoyed the pain and humiliation of others above all else and Denise
    saw her fair share of it. But the sessions were not without rewards for Denise
    and in fact she was almost always allowed to cum during them. But her orgasms
    with Headmistress were very different. With Headmistress she only came while
    screaming in pain and after a few weeks Denise reached the stage where pain
    and pleasure became inextricably linked. Every whipping fuelled her lust
    and every orgasm reminded her of intense pain. And always present with Headmistress
    was the unfortunate Erica. Often Headmistress would warm up with a bit of
    torment for Erica, a whipping or some needles stuck in her sensitive parts.
    While Headmistress warmed up on Erica, Denise would kneel with her hands
    clasped behind her back, her tits out and her head bowed, obediently waiting
    her turn. A favorite of Headmistress was using a riding crop to whip Denise's
    erect member to orgasm. Usually her balls had been mercilessly tortured first,
    but Denise was such a horny bitch that it mattered little for her ability
    to get hard. But every time Headmistress even looked at her balls Denise
    feared castration. It seemed like Headmistress could barely contain herself
    when she had testicles in her hand and it scared the shit out of Denise.
    An hour with Headmistress was an hour in constant fear of castration. At
    the same time there was no doubt that Headmistress was by far the most accomplished
    of the mistresses. She had an air dominance matched by none.   
The rest of the
    time went by in an endless stream of sex and submission. She was becoming
    such an accomplished little slave-slut that sometimes Denise wondered what
    the second and final year at the academy would be spent doing. She did, however,
    have no doubt that Headmistress had something planned. One thing that disturbed
    her the few times her bimbo mind actually worked and she had time to think,
    which was just as rare, was their incessant orgasms. Why were they being
    forced to cum all the time? Surely slaves rarely if ever came?   
At the end of spring
    teaching at the academy briefly halted as their mistresses and masters came
    to the academy for a celebration. A celebration for their owners and the
    staff that is. The slaves were the entertainment. At the party Denise saw
    not only Mistress Rachel, Mistress Joanna, Mistress Jocelyn and Master Tony.
    She was also thoroughly fucked by Cindy's owner, Master Rick. Master Rick
    was the biggest man Denise had ever met, a huge, black and enormously stylish
    and handsome. Denise had no trouble seeing why Cindy had fallen for him or
    his fabulous cock. It made Denise gasp for air as it filled her completely
    as he pounded it far up her ass. As she licked it clean afterwards she found
    herself thinking about Master Tony and how she would love to be fucked by
    him again. Of all the people back home she had missed him the most. She longed
    to be held tightly by him, kissed and fucked; to be allowed to show what
    a good, little slave she had become.   
The party also
    proved that Master Rick and Master Tony were not the only ones who had the
    killer combination of charm, good looks and a huge cock. Yvonne's owner was
    more than a match for either Master Rick or Master Tony. Master Richard was
    Yvonne's uncle. Yvonne's name had originally been Malcolm and when he had
    been eighteen his parents had died. He had no other relatives than his sister's
    brother Richard who had invited him to stay until the matter had been sorted
    out. Maloclm had always been a very small and lonesome kid without any friends.
    He had just finished high school and needed to find out what to do next.
    Uncle Richard had offered to let him stay while he did this. During this
    stay Uncle Richard had used the opportunity and enslaved Malcolm. Richard
    was a huge guy with slightly curly brown hair and blue eyes. He had a moustache
    and Malcolm was no match for him. With Malcolm crying and begging Richard
    threw out all Malcolm's boy's clothes and forced him to wear girl's clothes.
    He forced him to wear heels and make-up to and insisted he only speak in
    falsetto. Malcolm tried rebelling and running away, but Master Richard, as
    he now had to call him, never gave him a chance. Instead he punished Malcolm
    mercilessly and soon Malcolm was too scared to try. Master Richard now fed
    Malcolm large doses of hormones and gave Malcolm a new name: Yvonne. Malcolm
    hated it, but soon got used to referring to himself as Yvonne.   
In the beginning
    there had been no sexual advances from Master Richard, but as Yvonne developed
    feminine features these started as well. First it was only kissing. Master
    Richard spent hours kissing Yvonne, running his hands over her body. At first
    Yvonne didn't like it, but as the hormones began to work she gradually gave
    in and kissed back with increasing fervor. The turning point came one evening
    when Master Richard took Yvonne's cock in his hand. Yvonne was standing next
    to Master Richard's chair in the living room, dressed in a small white bra
    and a pair of tiny silk panties. On her feet were white mules with five-inch
    heels. Yvonne had her hands behind her head as Master Richard had ordered.
    He expressly forbade that Yvonne touch her genitals without his permission.
    Lately this was becoming a problem as Yvonne became more and more horny.
    She would wake up in the morning with a hard-on that just wouldn't go away
    and most days it wouldn't go away at all. All day Yvonne ran around with
    a huge hard-on in her pretty panties. Master Richard kept her chained by
    the neck to her bed at night, a baby's bed with bars and like babies Yvonne
    wore little mittens so she couldn't use her hands. Now she stood beside Master
    Richard's chair with her mittened hands behind her head as he took out her
    rock hard member. As he held it pre-cum spilled from its tip and Yvonne let
    out a little moan. He looked at Yvonne and asked: "Do you like that? Do you
    like your Master touching you like that, you filthy little slut?" In a breathless
    falsetto Yvonne answered. "Master, oh yes, Master, ohh, ohh." Yvonne could
    barely control herself as Master Richard masterfully kept her on the edge
    for long time before allowing her to cum. Yvonne came with girlish shriek,
    and she jerked and spasmed before her legs buckled under her and she almost
    fell.   
After that it had
    been easy. That same night she had moved in to his bed where he had taught
    her how to give him blowjobs. Motivated by the prospect of Master Richard
    touching her, Yvonne submitted to him. Soon he fucked her ass and when he
    told her that she was going to the academy, she didn't resist. As she left
    for the academy there had still been a remnant of Malcolm. The remnant of
    Malcolm had still wanted to escape but of course it had been too late. The
    remnant was eradicated and instead Yvonne found out that she was a very submissive
    girl. When she had seen Master Richard she had actually shrieked with pleasure.
    Like Denise she longed to show him what a good little slut she had become.   
Master Richard
    took an instant liking to Denise. As there seemed to be an unspoken agreement
    that the mistresses and master would not use their own slaves on this evening,
    he left Yvonne in the capable hands of Joanna and Jocelyn, and grabbed Denise
    by her throbbing cock and guided her to a chair in the corner of the room.
    Here he had Mistress Gibbons fist Denise while Denise deep throated him.
    Denise enjoyed it immensely as Master Richard's huge cock filled her throat
    while Mistress Gibbons' arm filled her ass. Headmistress made the experience
    perfect by joining the fun. She had Denise lift her leg so that she could
    whip Denise's throbbing member, thus providing her with yet another fantastic
    orgasm, where pain and pleasure blended until Denise had trouble separating
    the two.   
As the orgy wound
    to a close all the sissies were lined up along one wall of the room, their
    mistresses and masters watching them as Headmistress once more took center-stage.
    The sissies were all feeling very nice. Most had been allowed to cum and
    all had performed the duties for which they had been trained.   
As Headmistress
    spoke the mood changed, at least among the sissies: "Dear friends and colleagues",
    Headmistress began. "I hope you have all enjoyed the evening and that you
    are all satisfied with the progress your sluts have made?" A general murmur
    of agreement rose from the gathered mistresses and masters. "Today marks
    the final major transition for the useless, little bimbo's: the day when
    they get their chastity devices fitted." Denise, like all the others, was
    suddenly deprived of her good mood. As Headmistress finished the last sentence
    she pointed to a gynecologist's chair situated in the corner. By the side
    of the chair stood Mistress Hoffmeyer with a tray filled with what was unmistakably
    a collection of chastity tubes. As if to remind them of their situation Erica
    stood by the chair too, her now tiny and useless sex brutally constricted
    by a piece of steel wire with a four-pound weight hanging from it.   
The sissies began
    to cry, but none were undisciplined enough to beg or plead. All lined up
    in front of the chair and one by one they were fitted with the devices that
    most would wear more or less constantly for the rest of their lives. Denise
    cried inconsolably as Mistress Hoffmeyer placed an ice pack on her cock to
    make it shrink, after which she squeezed the small tube down over it, two
    small, sharp metal bands holding the head, which stuck out the end of the
    tube. Her balls were squeezed together by a steel wire mesh connected to
    the chastity tube itself by a steel wire. A small lock at the back of the
    tube secured the two parts to each other and insured the device could not
    be removed without the key. Once the device was on, yet another steel wire
    was secured to the tip of the tube. This was then pulled back between their
    legs and secured to the back of their corsets, leaving them with smooth crotches.   
Denise was miserable
    and desperately wanted to beg to have it removed, but one look at the twins
    convinced her that this would be a very bad idea. They had the look of someone
    just waiting for an excuse to punish her. Mistress Rachel and Master Tony
    looked at her expectantly too and Denise knew what was expected of her. She
    took her cue from the weeping Cindy who was on her knees kissing Master Rick's
    shoes as she thanked him for her new chastity device. Denise fell to her
    knees and began thanking everyone involved. First she crawled to her owners
    and thanked them all for teaching her how to be a better slave. Then she
    crawled over to Mistress Hoffmeyer to do the same. Finally she crawled over
    to Headmistress and thanked her as well. Denise was the first sissy to think
    of this and Headmistress noticed that Yvonne was hot on her heels. As Headmistress
    accepted their thanks, she considered the benefits of the castration session
    with Erica. It had certainly been a major factor in insuring the complete
    and total obedience of these two little sluts.   
It hadn't been
    the first castration Headmistress had performed, but the second. The first
    castration had been performed on that useless piece of shit she had married,
    several years ago. The marriage had produced two daughters, both of whom
    took after their mother. Both now worked as professional dominants and one
    of them, if not both, would take over running the academy after her. But
    her husband had been another story. He had actually been working as a dominant
    when Regina had met him, and at first he had seemed perfect for her, a man
    as domineering as herself, and they made a good couple. But after a while
    she had discovered that he was softer than her; less demanding of slaves
    and more likely to let them get off easy. The discovery made her despise
    him and when her daughters had been born and she had decided on not having
    any more children, she had finally had enough and had broken him. Catching
    him unawares, she had subjected him to a torture session lasting one whole
    day and night, where she let him know what she thought of him and his softness.
    The session had ended with her castrating him. She hadn't bothered feminizing
    him, but instead sold him to a bull queer as a slave. She knew from reliable
    sources that the man she had sold him to was cruel and sadistic enough to
    insure that the creep got what he deserved. A few years later she had heard
    that he had accidentally choked to death while being forced to deep throat
    his master. Regina thought it a fitting end to the useless asshole. As for
    her daughters, she had told them a lie when they were small, but when they
    reached adulthood she had told them the truth. Both had by then figured that
    the lies they had been fed as young had been just that, and neither was surprised
    at their mother's admission. Neither had been shocked or disturbed. They
    were both so dominant that they accepted their mother's way of handling the
    creep as the best solution.   
Regina von Kaltenbrunner
    considered this as she looked down on the succession of sissy bitches crawling
    past as they thanked her profusely. She had enjoyed the session with Erica
    and the effects on the slaves were magnificent. Maybe she should turn it
    into a tradition? She considered it some more she stood watching the owners
    saying goodbye to their property as they left the academy. When the last
    owner had left the sissies stood lined up along one wall, heads bowed, breasts
    out, waiting for orders. Before sending them off to sleep an hour or two
    before classes resumed the next day, she inspected them. Yes, they were definitely
    a useless bunch of little sluts, but at least they were turning into obedient
    little sluts. Headmistress stopped in front of Denise and calmly said for
    all to hear: "When your period of commercial usefulness is over, and if someone
    hasn't beaten me to it, I'm going to find you, buy you and castrate you." Denise's
    mind went blank with fear and she lost control over her bladder and bowels.
    And since she wasn't fitted with a butt-plug, she shit and pissed on the
    floor out of pure terror. She wanted to scream, but was unable to make a
    sound. Headmistress looked serenely pleased that she had scared Denise out
    of her mind and spoke to Mistress Hoffmeyer: "Make sure that she cleans it
    up before she is punished. Punish her until its time to start the lessons." Then
    she left the sissies in a state of shock. None were undisciplined enough
    to look at Denise, but all wanted to. Denise was certainly the teacher's
    pet &ndash; in the wrong way. Denise was so scared that she barely remembered
    eating her own shit of the floor or the severe punishment she received after
    that. She could see herself ending up as Erica and the prospect terrified
    her utterly. She knew she was just as worthless slave and that she wasn't
    worthy of the attention of such fine people as Headmistress. And Denise loved
    being a slave, loved having no control over her own life, submitting to everyone.
    She loved being an object, something others used for their own purposes and
    she knew now that her life as a slave would afford her very few, if any,
    orgasms and she accepted that. The feeling, the urge, the raw sexual need
    would still be there and would not only have to do, it was part of the thrill
    of being a slave. But being castrated and robbed of even the possibility
    of getting pleasure out of sex, would take away all pleasure in being a slave.
    Erica's situation was too extreme, too absolute. And Denise knew that Headmistress
    meant what she said. She would find her and castrate her if it was within
    her powers and there was nothing Denise could do about it. Her hope was the
    worst hope of all. If she was to avoid being castrated by Headmistress there
    were only so many options. There was the possibility that she would wind
    up with a mistress or master who would want to keep her for the rest of her
    life. Denise dreamed of this. She dreamed of being kept as a slave by Master
    Tony for the rest of her life. When her bimbo mind worked, she admitted to
    herself that this was unlikely. There was every indication that Mistress
    Rachel and Master Tony had had several slaves before her and would have more
    after her. Besides Mistress Rachel would probably see a slave who loved Master
    Tony as competition, insuring that the slave would move on quickly. Then
    there was the possibility that another mistress or master than Headmistress
    would castrate her. This was somehow a prospect that was even worse, because
    she couldn't imagine someone more suited to perform such a task. Finally
    there was the possibility that she would be killed, either on purpose or
    by accident, before Headmistress could get to her. All the options were terrible
    and brought home the harsh reality of being a slave. Denise thought of these
    things as Mistress Hoffmeyer released her from her bindings and led her to
    class after a long night of punishment. Denise was terribly depressed. It
    seemed like her whole life had just been robbed of all pleasure, that all
    she had to look forward to was pain and suffering. Thinking about this her
    conditioning kicked in. She was a slave. This was no more than she deserved.
    And besides, wasn't castration the ultimate in domination? Wasn't Erica's
    submission the most complete Denise had ever seen? Suddenly the prospect
    not only scared her, it turned her on as well. Denise was confused as Mistress
    Hoffmeyer pushed her into the classroom, but her submissive side was clearly
    taking over. She was literally scared shitless by the prospect of castration
    at the hands of Headmistress, but she was also beginning to accept it as
    her inevitable fate.   
The punishment
    only continued, as neither she nor any of the others were able to perform
    properly wearing their new chastity devices. Of course Denise had other things
    on her mind as well, but she too was unable to do her duties as well as ordered
    wearing her new chastity device. Her cock, used to more than fifteen orgasms
    a day, constantly tried to get hard and she was slick with pre-cum. Not only
    was it completely maddening, but it was also very painful.   
Their training
    took an entirely new dimension. Now they were not rewarded for good performance
    or behavior. The reward was the absence of punishment. Or rather the absence
    of further punishment, because now their chastity devices provided a constant
    punishment to them all. They were so used to having orgasms all the time
    that their cocks tried to escape their imprisonment all the time, a very
    painful process. Humiliating too, as their cocks let out a steady stream
    of pre-cum so that their thighs became wet with it. When the lessons did
    not require them to be impaled by a cock, dildo or other such things, they
    now wore panties holding sanitary napkins. These napkins had to be changed
    at least five times a day, soaking wet from pre-cum.   
The training continued
    along the same lines in some ways, with a lot of demanding sex and obedience
    training and they still served in the whorehouse at night. But new things
    were added to the training as well. The training began to include lesson,
    which imparted them with real skills other than sexual ones. They learned
    how to clean and cook and keep a proper house. They learned secretarial skills,
    like typing and taking dictation. All things, which could be useful to their
    mistresses or masters. The lessons of course all had that sexual slave twist.
    The cleaning and cooking had to be performed while wearing constrictive rubber
    suits and dictation was more "dick-tation" since they scribbled while kneeling
    between the legs of a mistress or master, giving blowjobs or eating pussy.
    And new items had been added to their daily uniforms: Firstly they now wore
    giant butt plugs. Secondly their ankles were now always connected by a ten-inch
    chain and finally their collars had now been fitted with their nametags.
    Their nights were still spent in the little meat locker being conditioned.   
Their first year
    at the Kaltenbrunner Academy wound to a close and as their mistresses and
    masters came to collect them for the summer holidays, there was yet another
    orgy. Denise and the others again were fucked and tormented for a full night,
    but unlike last time none were allowed to cum. As the party ended Denise
    was gagged and hooded, her arms tied in a backprayer and her legs strapped
    together and she was thrown in the trunk of Master Tony's limousine. She
    slept as they drove home, dreaming of being allowed to suck Master Tony's
    beautiful cock.  
Chapter 6   
At Mistress Rachel
    and Master Tony's house Denise was pushed into the role of maid along side
    her mother, Susanna. Susanna had been reshaped exactly as Mistress Rachel
    wanted it. She was now a devoted little nymphomaniac slave who loved her
    mistress and master and who would do anything for them. Like Denise she had
    been chastised, her pussy now residing behind a pair of panties made from
    a fine metal mesh. The mesh was stiff and around Susanna's pussy it was domed
    so that it was impossible to rub the panties against the pussy and get off
    that way.   
Susanna was both
    sad and very excited to see the sissy that had once been her son. Denise
    was now an amazingly sexy slut far more well-trained than herself. Susanna
    lusted after Denise from the moment she saw her again, her feeling of lust
    mixed with guilt over her incestuous feelings. Denise was filled with similar
    feelings, but both were too well trained to touch or kiss.   
Denise didn't even
    go near Master Tony's cock for the first week. When she wasn't performing
    her duties as a maid the twins used her. Joanna and Jocelyn simply loved
    torturing Denise, especially her balls. There were times when Denise thought
    that the twins would beat Headmistress in the race to castrate her, so severe
    was the torture. Most days her genitals were so swollen that the mesh holding
    her balls cut into the flesh pressing itself out between the wires. Every
    movement was pain and to make sure that the pain was maximized the twins
    connected her knees with a short chain insuring that she would be unable
    relieve some of the pain by spreading her legs.   
There were roughly
    two kinds of torture session with the twins. In the first kind all their
    attention would be directed at Denise's balls and it was in these sessions
    that she feared that she would be castrated. She would be tied up spread
    eagle and blindfolded. Usually the twins would warm up by whipping her legs
    and tits, perhaps sticking some needles in them. Then they would direct their
    attention to her balls. Denise was always blindfolded so she didn't know
    what was coming, but the twins both liked to play with her balls at the same
    time. Typically one would start by flicking her nail on one testicle while
    the other did the same on the other. Denise would already be crying and begging
    here and it only got worse. Needle play was popular with the girls, sticking
    needles slowly into Denise's testicle and withdrawing them just as slowly
    only to insert them in a new spot. Squeezing them and kicking them also turned
    the girls on and while Denise screamed in pain she could often hear the sounds
    of frantic lovemaking from the girls. One of their favorites was the soldering
    iron. They would touch her balls with briefly, just long enough to make a
    small and very painful burn but not long enough to cause permanent damage.
    They would also use it by holding it to Denise's chastity tube, heating it
    until it burned her whole penis. This drove Denise absolutely mad with pain
    and it drove the girls mad with lust.   
The second kind
    of session usually came right after the first kind. Here the exhausted Denise
    would stand on all fours, eating pussy on one twin while the other "took
    care of" her back or ass. Whipping Denise's ass was a favorite as was making
    Denise cum. Of course the twins made her cum in such a way she derived very
    little pleasure from it. While she licked one of the twins would insert a
    massive round pole in her ass and push it so far in that Denise thought it
    would soon come out of her mouth. When Denise was groaning in pain and discomfort,
    her breath labored from the intrusion in her ass, the pole would be twisted
    around. The pressure and the twisting usually ended with Denise's cock spraying
    its load in a manner, which provided Denise with very little pleasure. The
    process was also painful because the tube squeezed her cock so much that
    any fluid passing through her urinary tract caused her pain.   
The sessions were
    enormously demanding for Denise, leaving her completely exhausted. But of
    course she still had to perform her regular duties afterwards. She had been
    subjected to the same level of pain, and worse, at the hands of Headmistress,
    but Headmistress knew that she had let her slave rest between sessions to
    get the full benefit of the torture while not wearing the slave out. The
    twins were too eager and too inexperienced and had been waiting for a whole
    year for the opportunity to torture their onetime brother. Now they were
    about to wear Denise out. They tortured Denise in the morning and at night,
    doing it in the middle of the day also and Denise was so tired that she could
    barely stand, her whole body just one mass of pain. She barely had enough
    energy to scream properly, which only made the twins torture her harder.
    Finally Mistress Rachel stepped in and explained to the twins how to handle
    the situation. Joanna and Jocelyn looked at each other a little sheepishly
    as they realized the mistake they had been about to make. Denise was lying
    at their feet in a puddle of piss. The twins had pissed on her after she
    had collapsed after the last session. Realizing their mistake the twins set
    about correcting it and giving Denise the rest she needed. They washed the
    barely conscious Denise and changed her corset, collar and shoes before gagging
    her with a huge black ball-gag, cutting off her hearing with a pair of earplugs
    and hooding her with a thick, black rubber hood. Then they put her in a rubber
    bag where only her hooded head and her feet stuck out. Denise's arms were
    pressed against her body along her sides and she was unable to do anything
    but wriggle a little. This freedom of movement was taken away from her as
    the twins strapped her to a rubber-covered bench and left her to recuperate.
    They fed her through a hole in her gag and she was allowed to piss once a
    day when they opened a flap in the sleeping bag and took out her member and
    sucked the urine out of it. A most painful and humiliating experience.   
Denise surely needed
    to rest and at first it was nice to be left alone, but after two days her
    inability to move and the complete lack of impressions of any kind, other
    than feeding and urine extraction, began to get to her. After three days
    she was desperate and when they removed her from the cocoon after four days
    she crawled over to their feet and kissed their shoes while she thanked them.
    They in turn were so glad she had recuperated that they promptly subjected
    her to yet another furious torture session.   
But now it seemed
    that Mistress Rachel and Master Tony wanted a piece of the action as well.
    Finally Denise was allowed to give Master Tony the blowjob she had dreamed
    of giving for so long. When he deemed it "alright" her sissy heart swelled
    with pride and Mistress Rachel's arm pushed up her ass felt like a gentle
    caress in spite of the fact the fisting made her gasp for breath.   
Life settled into
    routine were Denise was used both as a maid and as pain toy without being
    worn out, but as the summer was almost over and the time when Denise would
    go back to school approached, Mistress Rachel and Master Tony had surprise
    for Denise and Susanna.   
One day, while
    cleaning the toilets (Denise licking the bowl while Susanna licked the floor)
    they were called into the living room. Here Mistresses Rachel, Joanna and
    Jocelyn were waiting together with Master Tony. The twins were dressed in
    full-body rubber suits, Joanna's red and Jocelyn's red, and both were wearing
    knee-high boots, laced up the front, with six-inch stilettos and in colors
    matching their respective suits. Mistress Rachel was wearing what looked
    like a very revealing rubber swimsuit made of black rubber and with a split
    crotch. She wore rubber opera gloves and thigh-high stiletto boots with seven-inch
    heels. On her head was an all black officers uniform cap and she looked very
    menacing as she idly tapped the riding crop she held in her right hand against
    her left palm. Master Tony stood behind Mistress Rachel looking at Denise
    and Susanna with an expectant little smile. He was dressed in black leather:
    black leather boots, black leather pants and a black leather jacket, which
    was open in the front so that you could see his bare, muscular chest.   
In the room was
    also a fifth person. She had platinum blonde hair and a killer body, wide
    in the hips and with tits at least size 46DD. She was dressed like a street
    hooker: white ankle-high stiletto boots with six inches heels, a white leather
    mini skirt, a leopard-skin top holding her giant tits and a short white leather
    jacket. She stood with her feet together, her chest out, hands behind her
    back, looking down like a slave. Denise thought that she looked strangely
    familiar. When Susanna saw her, she began to cry. Mistress Rachel got up
    from the couch with a big grin on her face. Both the twins and Master Tony
    were grinning as well. "Well Denise," she began, "now that you are home for
    the holidays, we all thought it would be appropriate with a little family
    get-together. So I want you to meet your father Tom." As Denise drew a sharp
    breath of shock as she recognized her father, the whore's head jerked up
    sharply to look at Denise. Mistress Rachel continued: "Of course she's called
    Tammy now and works as a whore for an associate of ours, Master Antwan. Show
    them your tiny little thing Tammy." Tammy had tears in her eyes as she recognized
    her son the sissy slave, but she instantly obeyed the order as she said: "Mistress,
    yes, Mistress." Her voice was a light soprano, not unlike Denise's. As she
    lifted up her mini skirt Denise saw that her member was imprisoned in the
    same way that her own was. She also noticed that Tammy, who was supposed
    to be her father, looked worn, as if she had worked for a long time as a
    whore. Her genitals and the skin on the inside of her thighs were scarred
    from years of abuse. She cried softly as she looked at what had become of
    her son. Mistress Rachel spoke again as the twins giggled in the background: "We
    always thought that Tom was a useless little wimp and Tony suspected that
    he might even be repressing gay tendencies. Sure enough when Tony came on
    to him, he responded. That was how we managed to lure him in to the city
    and abduct him. He thought he was meeting Tony for a date at the buss station.
    Instead Tony nabbed him and shipped him off to a good long stay with Dr.
    Jacobsen. When he returned we kept him as a slave in the basement for some
    time before we got bored with him and sold him to Antwan. Tammy has been
    working for Antwan as a whore for about eight years now. I understand that
    she still earns good money for Antwan. Isn't that right slut?" Tammy answered
    in a subdued voice, her tears clearly heard: "Mistress, yes Mistress." Master
    Tony took over: "We rent the bitch from time to time, mostly to let the girls
    have a bit of fun. They do love slapping the useless bitch around. Isn't
    that right ladies?" The twins laughed hard as they answered: "Yes Tony. She
    is not as much fun torturing as Denise, but she is still great fun fisting." Tammy
    blushed with shame as she heard her daughters. Susanna was crying hopelessly
    as she heard this. She hadn't believed that Tom would run out on her, but
    she had been forced to accept it when he had disappeared and no other plausible
    explanation was offered. Finding out that he had been about to cheat on her
    with Tony was bad enough, but finding out that he had been kept as slave
    right under her nose all these years was too much to bear. And to think that
    her own daughters were in on this too! The twins had really proven themselves
    to be the most vicious bitches she had ever come across. Susanna hadn't met
    Regina von Kaltenbrunner.   
Mistress Rachel
    spoke again: "As I've said, we think its time for a little family get-together.
    Into the dungeon bitches!" With this order Susanna, Tammy and Denise scampered
    into the elevator to be transported down to the dungeon. Here they were ordered
    to strip and soon Susanna and Denise stood wearing only corset and high heels.
    Tammy wore only her high-heeled boots. Like Susanna and Denise, she had been
    forced to wear stilettos for 24/7 and like Susanna and Denise she was now
    unable to stand flatfooted anymore. All three slaves were forced to wear
    high-heels all the time now. Denise noticed that Tammy very sexy body was
    scarred like her genitals. Her tits were marked by numerous cigarette burns
    and both her tits and ass bore scars obviously made by whips. Still Denise
    found Tammy very sexy. Denise didn't feel quite so guilty about this as she
    did about her desire for her mother. She supposed that it was because her
    father had disappeared long ago and this sexy shemale didn't really remind
    her that much of him. Beside Denise would have sex with anyone she was ordered
    to have sex with, so whether or not to feel guilty was really a moot point.
    When ordered there was nothing to do but obey.   
She received her
    orders. Her cock was freed from its prison for the first time in months and
    it instantly became rock hard. Susanna was ordered down on all fours and
    Denise was then ordered to kneel behind her. None of the slaves were tied
    in any way, but still there was no hesitation. They were too well trained
    by now, their capability to make independent decisions stripped away. As
    Denise took up position behind her mother she was overwhelmed with the desire
    to fuck Susanna as hard as she possibly could, guilt-feelings or no guilt-feelings.
    Susanna felt much the same. She hadn't had an orgasm in over a month and
    she desperately wanted Denise to penetrate her, to take her deep and hard.
    As she waited for the order, her need growing with every passing second,
    Joanna and Jocelyn knelt by her side: "Well, well Denise," Joanna started
    before Jocelyn took over: "We see that you are back to your old incestuous
    ways, you worthless slut." Denise blushed with shame, but her raging erection
    did not go away. Joanna laughed quietly as she spoke: "Now you are going
    to fuck your mother, you useless little slut." "But," Jocelyn continued, "if
    either of you two worthless sluts cum before we allow it, you are all going
    be screaming for rest of the night. Understood?" Both Susanna and Denise
    nodded eagerly. They were past the hesitation now and both just wanted to
    fuck. When Joanna gave the order Denise penetrated Susanna from behind. Both
    moaned with pleasure as Denise's cock slid effortlessly into Susanna's sopping
    wet cunt. Denise almost came right then and there but managed to hold it
    reminding herself of painful a session with the twins could be. It was not
    the best thing she could have thought of if she wanted to hold back an orgasm
    since Regina von Kaltenbrunner had made sure that pleasure and pain were
    inextricably linked in Denise's mind. Still, she managed to hold back her
    orgasm while pumping in and out of her mother. Susanna for her part had just
    as much trouble holding back her orgasm. Although Susanna would never admit
    it to herself, she had dreamed of this moment for almost a year now. Hard
    as it was to admit, the sex she had had with Denise the year before had been
    perhaps the best and most intense she had ever had. Now Denise had matured
    as a sissy and grown into a devastatingly sexy being. Her skills had improved
    vastly as well. There hadn't been many lessons at the academy in how to fuck
    someone using your own cock, but the few there had been were well remembered.
    At the same time Denise's hands found all Susanna's soft spots. Her hands
    worked without her even thinking about it, driving Susanna completely wild.
    It became increasingly hard for her to hold back her orgasm as Denise's caresses
    increased in intensity with her own mounting excitement. The onlookers were
    also finding it harder and harder to hide their excitement. The scene before
    them was simply too hot not to be affected. The twins were already fondling
    each other furiously and Rachel had her legs wrapped around Tony as they
    enjoyed a standing fuck. Tammy only succeeded in keeping her hands off her
    raging erection by thinking of the punishment she would receive if she masturbated.   
Denise was actually
    crying with unfulfilled lust when Mistress Rachel finally allowed them to
    cum. The words had barely left her mouth before Susanna's body was wracked
    by orgasmic spasms as she screamed out her orgasm. Soon after Denise emitted
    a high-pitched girlish shriek as her body jerked and she shot her load into
    her mother. Denise's orgasm seemed to go on forever and Susanna actually
    managed to cum once more while Denise was still shrieking with pleasure.
    Finally Denise collapsed, spent from what was surely the best orgasm of her
    life. Master Tony towered over her as he addressed her: "Now you dirty, little
    bimbo, its time to clean up your mess. First the floor, then your mother's
    pussy." Denise's face burned with shame, in spite of the fact that she was
    feeling extremely relaxed after her magnificent orgasm, but she got to work
    immediately. After licking up the jism, which had trickled out of Susanna's
    pussy and onto the floor, Denise lay down on her back as Susanna sat on her
    face. They both waited there a little while in breathless anticipation, but
    eventually the order came for Denise to lick up the remaining cum and then
    make Susanna cum until ordered to stop. Susanna screamed with joy as Denise
    used her talented and trained tongue to bring her to a series of thundering
    orgasms. Denise's cock now stood straight up, again twitching with need.
    So did Tammy's, but her's was now slick with pre-cum and she whimpered with
    need. Master Antwan had not let her cum in more than a year and being so
    close, her cock free for the first time in a year, and not being able to
    fuck was driving her completely mad. When they were finally ordered to stop,
    Denise's cock was also slick with pre-cum and Susanna was bleary-eyed from
    all the times she had cum.   
Master Tony pulled
    Susanna off Denise and tied her arms with an armbinder and left her kneeling
    in front of a chair. She looked completely spent. Then he turned to Denise
    and Tammy: "I think it is about time you two got acquainted. Hold each other
    and begin kissing and caressing each other. Only two rules: no touching your
    pathetic little dicks and no cuming. Now git!" Denise looked insecurely at
    Tammy and Tammy looked insecurely back. But there was no way around it. Not
    only had they been ordered to, but also both were much too horny not to.
    Tammy took the initiative and grabbed Denise's head and kissed long and hard.
    Denise kissed her back and soon the two sissies were kissing and caressing
    furiously, their hands expertly finding each other's erogenous zones. Their
    cocks rubbed against each other and soon they were moaning with urgent need.
    Still they were not allowed to cum. This went for quite a while and to make
    matters worse the twins took up position behind. Joanna whipped Denise's
    ass and Jocelyn whipped Tammy's ass. The whipping only fuelled Denise's lust,
    conditioned as she was, and judging from Tammy's moans she felt much the
    same. After whipping the sissies for good long while, the twins changed tactics
    and instead moved in close as both inserted a couple of fingers in the ass
    of the slave they had chosen. The need was now unbearable for both slave
    sluts as they cried with unfulfilled lust. Denise thought that she would
    loose her mind when Mistress Rachel intervened: "Do a 69 sluts and keep sucking
    until you are told to stop." Neither Denise nor Tammy needed any further
    encouragement. They dropped to the floor and since Tammy got there first
    she took up position under Denise as Denise took Tammy's member in her mouth
    and she positioned her own cock over Tammy's mouth and felt her warm mouth
    embrace it. It was pure heaven and Tammy came within a few seconds. She screamed
    and bucked, her mouth still enveloping Denise's cock as she sprayed a truly
    enormous load into Denise's mouth. Had Denise not been so well trained she
    would probably have spilled some of Tammy's load, but as it was she had to
    swallow hard and fast to keep up with the flow. Not long after swallowing
    the last drop she came herself, thrusting her pelvis down in Tammy's face
    as she did. Both sluts remained hard after cuming. They were oversexed and
    had been denied for so long that they wouldn't get soft before after a few
    orgasms. Denise's hands were again active, exploring Tammy's ass and caressing
    her balls. Her touch was that of a true expert and it seemed that Tammy came
    two times for every time Denise came. Not that Denise minded. She was getting
    off while doing what she did best and she loved every second of it. When
    Master Tony knelt down behind her, squatting over Tammy's face as he fucked
    Denise's ass, Denise almost cried with pleasure. Life as slave didn't get
    much better than this.   
Tammy thought exactly
    the same. She sometimes felt that she should hate Mistress Rachel and Master
    Tony for enslaving her, but she couldn't really bring herself to it. She
    had to admit that although being a chastised shemale whore had never been
    part of her fantasies, she had had submissive fantasies for a while before
    Master Tony had come on to her. The fact was that she had suppressed her
    desire for other men for so long before Master Tony came along. And while
    they had sold to a cruel man who thought only of her potential for making
    money, Mistress Rachel and Master Tony did rent her back from time to time
    and although a stay with them and the twins was bound to be painful, it was
    usually also rewarding. None of them were the type of dominant who gave nothing
    to their slaves. Her shock at seeing her son as a sissy slave was wearing
    off too. There was nothing she could do about it and besides it seemed like
    Denise was more or less a natural. Her sexual skills were far beyond Tammy's
    own.   
Tammy lived a dull,
    humiliating and painful life as Master Antwan's property. He was the biggest
    pimp in the city with numerous girls and boys working for him, both slaves
    and non-slaves. He had whorehouses and he had street girls and he catered
    to any perversion. He owned the hotels, which the whores used so that his
    enforcers were always around to protect his property. Tammy thought this
    was a good thing, since she had been saved from out of control customers
    more than once by these enforcers. Tammy belonged to the group of whores
    whom the customers could abuse in any way they liked, as long as they paid
    for it. Causing permanent damage or killing a whore like Tammy required only
    enough cash. Tammy was only allowed to cum when a customer wanted it, which
    very rarely happened. A the start of Tammy's career she had had guys with
    sort of a romantic inclination who had freed her cock and given her a reach-around
    as they fucked her, but this type of customer had all but disappeared as
    she grew older and her body became more scarred. As Tammy approached forty
    she knew that she didn't have more than five or perhaps ten years as a whore
    left in her. For now she earned good money and Master Antwan liked it that
    way, but Tammy remembered her friend Francine. Francine had also been a shemale
    whore and Master Antwan's property. The first man to enslave her had been
    a body builder as had Francine. The man, Master Rick had been his name, had
    broken her completely and removed her teeth in process. Even though it was
    years since Master Rick had sold Francine when Tammy met her, and she had
    been with more than one other master or mistress since then, Francine still
    spoke lovingly of Master Rick. She and Tammy used to sleep together when
    they were not out whoring, their imprisoned members rubbing uselessly against
    each other as they whispered to each other before sleeping. It was here that
    Francine told Tammy her story. Francine had been the most submissive creature
    Tammy had ever met and she had attracted the really nasty customers. As a
    consequence she had worn out very quickly and her earnings had started dropping.
    Then one day she disappeared. Of course no one informed the other slaves
    about what happened, but Francine had been fearing that something like that
    would happen to her and so Tammy was not unprepared for her friends disappearance.
    Tammy speculated that Master Antwan had given her to a particularly brutal
    customer and charged him a hefty price for doing away with Francine, but
    she had had no way of knowing. Some time after Francine disappeared, Tammy
    had found out what had happened to Francine. She had found out by pure accident.
    Tammy had been in the private dungeon of a customer, a particularly brutal
    woman. The woman had been almost out of control and Tammy feared that she
    herself would be permanently damaged or killed by the woman, who seemed to
    constantly restrain herself. It was extremely scary to see that the woman
    had to hold herself back all the time so as not to damage Tammy.   
The walls of the
    woman's dungeon were plastered with pictures of torture scenes and the woman
    took plenty of pictures of Tammy as well. At one point, while the woman was
    preparing for her next bit of sport, she allowed Tammy to rest a little.
    As she did, her eyes found a spot on one wall showing only dead slaves. There
    were nine pictures in all and all the slaves in them had been asphyxiated
    in some way. Some had bags over their head, while others had been strangled
    with rope. All were tied with barbed wire and all had been horribly tortured.
    In the center of the bottom row was a picture of Francine. Her whole body
    was a mass of red welts and burn marks. She had been tied with barbed wire
    like the others, her hands were in a back prayer position and looked broken.
    She was in a hogtie position, her legs tied off to her waist. Her cock and
    balls had been skewered by several knitting needles and around her throat
    was a tightly wound piece of rope. She was blue in the face, her tongue almost
    black as it hung out and her eyes looked ready to pop right out of her head.   
Tammy had been
    so scared and shocked that she almost lost control over her bladder and bowels,
    but the thought of what the woman would do to her when she saw the mess,
    enabled Tammy to hold on to her waste. When the woman returned she noticed
    Tammy's terrified looks and grinned broadly as she nodded towards the spot
    where the pictures of the dead slave hung: "So you've seen my little art
    collection. What do you think, you filthy shit?" Tammy's mouth was dry and
    her throat constricted as she stammered her reply: "Mistress, very nice,
    Mistress." The woman had leaned in close, her face almost touching Tammy's
    as she spoke slowly and deliberately: "Bullshit, slave. It bet you find it
    disgusting and sick, don't you, you worthless slave shit?" Tammy shook her
    head frantically as she became convinced that her picture would soon adorn
    the wall. She finally lost control over her bladder from fear and her piss
    fell onto the floor. This defused the situation as the woman began to laugh.
    Laughing she grabbed Tammy's balls viciously as she said: "Don't worry you
    little shit. I haven't paid for that kind of sport this time, so you're safe.
    For now." She leaned in and caressed Tammy's cheek with the other hand. Tammy
    wanted to scream but she was too paralyzed with fear and the woman could
    speak in a low voice: "Seeing how much you like the pictures maybe I should
    buy you for my next session?" This time Tammy did scream as the woman laughed
    at her fear and pain.   
She had been badly
    shocked when the woman released her and it wasn't until a few days later
    that it occurred to her that the woman probably loved to scare the shit out
    of the whores she brought home. If she just wanted to enjoy the pictures,
    a photo album would have been much more suitable. No, the reason they were
    on the wall was to scare her victims, which meant that she scared everyone
    this way and not just the one she ended up buying for her "special" sessions.
    Still, the possibility that she would end up like Francine scared her badly.
    Tammy had adjusted to her life as a slave and although she was not nearly
    as submissive as her son, she did enjoy some aspects of her life as a whore.
    Not immediately obvious as she was forced into this life, she had realized
    that she did in fact have some power. The power of her sex. Her ability to
    provide her customers with fabulous orgasms actually turned Tammy on. But
    mostly it was dull and humiliating with no rewards in sight. She had tried
    running away, but both times Master Antwan's enforcers had caught her before
    she could even step on a buss or take the subway. She got nowhere near anyone
    who could or would help her. Tammy had also tried pleading to one of her
    nicer customers to buy her, but that had gotten her into trouble as well.
    Now she was resigned to her life as slave, and although she feared it greatly,
    she also knew that she would probably end up in more or less the same way
    as Francine. Finding out that her son was destined for the same kind of fate
    was a bad blow, made all the more devastating by the fact that she was powerless
    to prevent it. The only thing that provided a little comfort was the obvious
    pleasure Denise took in her submission. It didn't change the fact that she
    would probably live a short and painful life, but at least she would derive
    some pleasure from it.   
For now life was
    good for Tammy and Denise. They had switched places so that Tammy was now
    on top being fucked by Master Tony while Denise lay on the floor, sucking
    Tammy's cock. In the corner Mistress Rachel and the twins were conducting
    a very brutal fisting experiment on Susanna. Rachel had her fist and most
    of her lower arm up Susanna's ass while Jocelyn had her fist and lower arm
    up Susanna's cunt. At the other end Joanna was pumping her fist in and out
    of Susanna's mouth and throat. Susanna, with her arms still held by the armbinder,
    was almost blue in the face with her eyes looking ready to pop out of their
    sockets. She was learning the hard way just how much she enjoyed being fisted
    and just how much she enjoyed being choked while she was being fucked. The
    fists and arms in her lower openings were providing her with the most fantastic
    combination of pleasure and pain she had ever experienced, while the choking
    heightened the whole thing, magnifying her pleasure many, many times. She
    had thought that the fuck she and Denise had just had was the best ever,
    but she had been wrong. This was beyond a shadow of doubt the best fuck of
    her life. Susanna had found her biggest turn on and she loved both the twins
    and Rachel for showing her.   
When everyone had
    finished fucking Susanna crawled over to Rachel's feet to thank her, but
    her voice didn't work. The fisting had rendered her temporarily speechless,
    but Rachel recognized that Susanna was displaying real gratitude and not
    just putting on the required display. Rachel found this very endearing and
    decided that the right way to reward such behavior would be to make Susanna's
    everyday life even harder and more painful. Dilation of all her opening would
    definitely be part of her further enslavement.   
The family reunion
    continued for two more days at the end of which everyone was ready to collapse.
    The orgy, with its mixture of fucking and torture had worn everyone out,
    but now it was time for daily life to resume. This meant that the twins were
    going back for their final year of high-school, that Denise would go back
    to the academy for her final year in slave training and that Tammy would
    go back to whoring on the street. Tammy cried and begged Mistress Rachel
    and Master Tony to buy her again. She would much rather be their slave than
    Master Antwan's, but as pleasant as the reunion had been there was no mercy
    for Tammy. Dressed in her street clothes she was escorted to the car Master
    Antwan had sent to pick her up. Tammy, Susanna and Denise all cried as she
    was driven off. As for Denise, she was put back in her school clothes, white
    Oxfords with seven-inch heels, white corset, white collar, white butt-plug
    and shackles on her ankles connected by a ten-inch chain. Her arms were put
    into a white, leather armbinder but before she was gagged and blindfolded,
    she was allowed to suck Master Tony's dick one more time. She enjoyed every
    lick of his beautiful cock and her face shone with affection as he gagged
    and blindfolded her before putting her in the trunk of the limousine.  
Chapter 7   
At the academy
    Denise and the others immediately resumed their old routines. The training
    for the second year slaves had started a few weeks before the new batch of
    sissies arrived at the academy. Not many new elements were introduced in
    the training as the second year was mostly about perfecting the skills they
    had already learned. As Headmistress pointed out when she spoke to the assembled
    slaves and owners before they began their second year: "In the coming months
    I will expect perfection in every pose, every gesture and every single movement
    that the useless little sissy-sluts make. Anything less than perfection will
    be severely punished. This is the year when we turn the horny little sluts
    into slaves that can be shown to your friends and associates without fear
    of embarrassment." Headmistress had been dressed in her usual outfit made
    of thick, dark blue leather and she wore her usual Oxfords with the seven-inch
    ultra-thin metal heels. As she slapped her riding crop against her left palm,
    she looked out through her severe fifties style glasses and her eyes lingered
    a moment at Denise as they sparkled with sadistic delight. Denise felt a
    chill of fear mixed with submissive lust as the eyes stripped her naked.
    She hadn't really known how much she feared and lusted after Regina von Kaltenbrunner
    until this moment, but now it became clear to her. Denise needed to be enslaved
    by the most uncompromising mistress or master available. It was a little
    surprising to herself that while she loved orgasms and would do almost anything
    to earn one, what she really craved, what she really longed for was domination
    of the harshest possible kind, to submit completely and totally to someone.
    As Denise heard Headmistress address the owners she was shocked to discover
    that while she cared deeply for Master Tony, her sister and Mistress Rachel,
    she actually loved Headmistress Regina von Kaltenbrunner. That she should
    harbor such strong feelings for a woman who would not only treat her more
    brutally than any other mistress or master she could find, but who had also
    promised to castrate her, boggled Denise's bimbo mind. She wanted to throw
    herself at Headmistress' feet and implore Headmistress to take her and turn
    her into her own personal shit-eating pain toy, but she knew that it was
    unacceptable behavior and hadn't Headmistress just said that she expected
    perfection in every aspect of their training? Denise was desperate not to
    disappoint Headmistress and resolved instead to wait for an appropriate moment
    before she revealed her feelings to Regina von Kaltenbrunner.   
Instead life resumed
    at the academy, but now Denise was infused with a new fervor. She and Yvonne
    had been the most submissive sluts before the summer holidays and that was
    still the case but with a difference. Now Denise savored her submission as
    never before at a level where Yvonne could not follow.   
Yvonne had of course
    been with Master Richard all summer. The summer had been both fulfilling
    and frustrating for Yvonne. Rewarding because Master Richard had treated
    her as the shemale had become, and done so in almost every way. As one of
    the few slaves Yvonne had spent most of the summer wearing ordinary, if very
    sexy, female clothing and she had only been tied and beaten during the nights.
    Master Richard had treated her as his girlfriend, taking her out to dinner
    at fancy restaurants, taking her to the movies and going to nightclubs with
    her. Of course there was always a slave twist; at the restaurant she had
    to blow the owner, at the movies she spent the film with her head in Master
    Richard's lap nursing his magnificent cock and at the nightclub she spent
    the evening being gang-banged in a backroom. But other than that he had treated
    her really nice except for one thing: he had not removed her chastity device
    a single time during the whole summer. She had begged and pleaded, but to
    no avail. Master Richard insisted that his slaves did not cum unless there
    was a very good reason for it. That Yvonne desperately needed to cum didn't
    even rank as a reason. So Yvonne was almost bursting with eagerness to please,
    in the hope that if she provided extra good service she would be rewarded
    with an orgasm.   
Cindy, the lovely
    little black slave whom everyone wanted to screw had spent the summer with
    her owner, Master Rick. It had definitely not been a happy experience for
    Cindy as she found out Master Rick's plans for her. Master Rick was a huge
    black body builder and had in fact been Francine's owner. He specialized
    in catching other body builders and turning them into muscle-bulging, super
    feminine and super submissive little sluts. The process involved a lot of
    brutal torture to turn the once proud body builders into submissive sluts
    and that was the way Master Rick liked it. Cindy had practically no muscle
    tone, she had been cross-dressing before she met him and she had submitted
    completely voluntarily too him. It had turned out that Master Rick had little
    or no interest in her sexually. Instead he had caught as part of a business
    plan. He had found out that there was a market found muscular, feminized
    sluts and had decided to fill that niche. Why not turn your private sport
    into business? He had caught Cindy only so that she could help train the
    new slaves in proper slave and feminine behavior. This was the reason she
    had been sent to the academy, so that she would become so well trained that
    she could train others.   
When Cindy had
    come home to Master Rick's apartment there had been a slave in the early
    stages of being broken and Cindy had been appointed trainer for the new sissy
    when Master Rick was not present. He had allowed her to blow him only once
    and hadn't even gone near her gorgeous little ass. When she wasn't training
    the new sissy, she was put into a straightjacket, gagged and hooded before
    being thrown into a closet. The only times she had received any sexual attention
    had been when Master Rick had thrown a party and the sexual attention had
    not come from Master Rick but from his guests. Cindy was miserable and now
    hoped only that someone would buy her from Master Rick, so that she would
    receive some attention, any kind of attention.   
When the new sissies
    arrived it was Denise and her group of sissies who received them. Denise
    now performed the function that Suzy had performed for her, for another "fortunate" sissy.
    It made Denise idly wonder what had become of that perfect Asian looking
    slave, but she never did find out. Probably it would not have pleased her
    to know that Suzy, after a couple of years with the couple who had initially
    enslaved her, was sold to a whorehouse in Columbia. Here she died when a
    customer she was deep throating, held her head so that she couldn't pull
    back and choked to death on his cock.   
Denise and Cindy
    were still the favorites. Denise was Headmistress' favorite and Cindy everyone
    else's, something she thoroughly enjoyed. As for Denise the moment when she
    was alone with Headmistress came one night when she was sent to Headmistress'
    quarter instead of the whorehouse as the others. The moment the door closed
    behind her Denise threw herself at Headmistress' feet and said: "Headmistress,
    please, Headmistress. Headmistress, may this useless sissy speak, Headmistress?" Headmistress
    cold voice came from somewhere above her head: "You will be punished for
    this transgression, you useless piece of slave meat, but now that you have
    done it, let's hear what you have to say." Denise's voice quavered as she
    spoke: "Headmistress, please, Headmistress. Headmistress, this useless slave
    wishes to give herself up to you Headmistress. Headmistress, could you please
    turn this worthless slut into your shit-eating pain toy, Headmistress?" Regina
    von Kaltenbrunner had been expecting something like this since she first
    laid eyes Denise after the summer holidays. The realization and the subsequent
    admission to herself that it was the harsh punishments from Headmistress
    she craved had been written all over her face, although Headmistress doubted
    anyone else had seen it. As it was, it was of course impossible. Much as
    she would love to, buying Denise right away was out of the question. Buying
    the students from their owners was not the right way to run her business.
    No, she would have to wait and hope that she could buy Denise in a couple
    of years. She still would love to castrate the little bitch and she had many
    other lovely ideas she would like to try out on her. But for now she would
    have to make do with the punishment Denise had coming for her unforgivable
    behavior. "How dare you? You worthless piece of shit! You can't give anything
    away, least of all yourself! You're already property! This one is going to
    hurt..." Denise whimpered in defeat and with frustration. She had thought
    that it would be like this, but she had hoped against hope that Headmistress
    could work something out. Instead she was going to get punished for her transgression.
    While not what she had hoped for it was at least something.   
It was indeed something.
    After whipping her body full of red welts and ramming a dildo, so large that
    Denise thought she was going to split in two, up her ass, she had subjected
    Denise to a lengthy session of asphyxiation torture. Denise's hands were
    tied behind her back and her legs were tied together as Headmistress sat
    on her chest. She then pulled a clear plastic bag down over Denise's head
    and used a piece of string to close it around Denise's throat. As Denise
    became increasingly panicky, thrashing beneath her Headmistress held the
    bag closed while she smiled down at Denise. Just before Denise lost consciousness
    Headmistress opened the bag just enough to allow Denise to breathe again.
    When Denise had caught her breath the process repeated itself. After more
    than an hour of this Denise was completely hysterical. She even thanked Headmistress
    profusely as she was allowed to eat her shit and wash it down with a stream
    of hot piss. She spent the night in the most painful hogtie she had ever
    experienced. Her hands were placed in a back prayer between her shoulderblades
    before her tied feet pulled were as far towards her neck as they could come.
    The effect was to turn her almost into an O-shape. She Headmistress placed
    Denise so that she rested on her knees and shoulders, her head held at a
    very strained angle to the body. Headmistress then freed Denise's cock and
    balls. She tied one end of a steel wire around Denise's cock and the other
    end around Denise's tongue, making sure there was no slack at all. The position
    of Denise's head insured that she could do nothing to relieve the stress
    on her tongue or her cock. Denise began whimpering and uttering little, wet,
    gurgling noises with pain. These reached almost at scream level as Headmistress
    added the final piece of punishment before leaving Denise for the night.
    She took another piece of steel wire, this one hanging from the ceiling,
    and tied it around Denise's scrotum. Then she removed all slack from this
    one as well, forcing Denise to strain her body upwards. When Denise's body
    was in a completely impossible arch and the strain on her balls was unbearable,
    Headmistress said good night, stepped on the wire connecting Denise's tongue
    and cock for good measure and left Denise in the darkness.   
When Headmistress
    returned in the morning Denise was completely hysterical with pain and exhaustion.
    As Headmistress released her from her bindings she collapsed in a heap, lying
    completely still. This was, however, not good enough for Headmistress. "Get
    up, you lazy shit!" she shouted at Denise, "Its time learn, so get cracking!" Denise
    had to be whipped to her feet and as she finally stood, she swayed uncertainly.
    Her whole body was covered in red welts and the dildo in her ass was so large
    that it forced her to stand with her legs apart. Her genitals were swelling
    to a painful size and there wasn't a single spot on her body that didn't
    hurt. "Before you go off for your nice relaxing classes, I think that it
    is only appropriate that everyone can see what a disobedient little sissy-shit
    you are." Headmistress then tied a short steel wire around Denise's scrotum,
    causing Denise to start sobbing. At the other end of the steel wire she secured
    a four-pound lead weight. Then she sent Denise off to class with strict instructions
    not to touch the wire or the weight. The weight swung back and forth like
    a pendulum as Denise walked awkwardly down the corridors. Not only was walking
    awkward and difficult, it was also very painful. She spent the rest of the
    day in daze of fatigue and pain as she got punished even more for failing
    to keep up with the rest. When she was sealed inside her rubber prison, her
    cock and balls sealed inside a little bag filled with soothing ointment,
    she almost instantly fell into a deep sleep. But not before thinking about
    how much she loved Headmistress and how much she loved the completely uncompromising
    domination and punishment she administered.   
The rest of their
    time at the academy was spent perfecting their skills and before long their
    time at the academy was over. Denise was amazed at how quickly time had gone
    by. The prospect at leaving the school filled her with very mixed emotions.
    On one hand she looked forward to sucking Master Tony's wonderful cock and
    the thought of being dominated by her sisters made her shiver with anticipation.
    The possibility of serving together with her mother and maybe even getting
    the opportunity to fuck her father, Tammy, filled her with joyful anticipation.
    But at the same time the thought of leaving Headmistress Regina von Kaltenbrunner
    filled her with great sadness. She was sure that she would never find a dominant
    so perfect again, and that her thirst for harsh punishment and intense humiliation
    could never be fully quelled by anyone else. The mere thought of not seeing
    Headmistress again made her cry.   
Their leaving the
    academy was, true to form, celebrated with a grand orgy. This one lasted
    a full day and night and afterwards everyone stayed one final night, resting
    for the final ceremony. Denise had been thoroughly fucked and beaten at the
    orgy, as had the others, but she still felt wide-awake as all the sissies
    lined up along one wall for the final ceremony. Headmistress walked on to
    the podium, her usual magnificent, dominant self and Denise almost cried
    seeing her. "Before we let the useless little sissy slaves return to your
    capable hands," she said to the assembled mistresses and masters, "we would
    like to leave our mark on the sluts. If any of you should have any objection
    to having your sissy branded, please speak up now." The sissies were too
    well trained by now to even move, but Denise heard a few suppressed gasps
    among her fellow sissies. She herself felt strangely calm. The mistresses
    and masters had of course been asked a long time ago and none objected. The
    speech was merely meant to rattle the slaves, which it succeeded admirably
    in doing.   
In corner once
    again stood the gynecologist's chair with Mistress Hoffmeyer beside it. There
    was also a large steel bucket filled with burning coals, from which extended
    the handles of the branding irons. Erica was standing there too, again as
    a reminder of their status. She looked worn out from long days of torture
    and desperation and Mistress Rachel thought that it wouldn't surprise her
    one bit if Erica disappeared after this ceremony. She looked ready to be
    discarded.   
One by one they
    were strapped into the chair, their legs spread wide. Then Headmistress took
    a branding iron and burned the school crest into the skin on the inside of
    their thighs. The branding iron was about two inches in diameter and it made
    the ungagged sissies emit high-pitched screams as Headmistress held it to
    their skin. The smell of burning skin soon filled the room. Denise stood
    in line just before the last one, which was Cindy. As Denise sat strapped
    in unable to move anything but her head, Headmistress approached with the
    red-hot branding iron. Just before she pressed it against Denise's skin,
    she looked Denise in the eyes and whispered: "I will find you and buy you.
    Then I'll castrate you and I'll torture you worse than any of the others
    before disposing of you. I promise that I'll be your last owner." Then she
    pressed the branding iron against the inside of Denise's thigh and Denise
    screamed as her world exploded with pain.   
After that there
    was only the sound of crying sissies as the owners said goodbye to the staff
    and prepared their property for the trip home. As usual Denise was gagged,
    hooded and bound before being thrown into the trunk. Denise cried most of
    the way home, partly from the pain and partly from being separated from Headmistress.
    She hoped very much that she would one day be bought by that cruel woman.   
Now slave life
    began in earnest for the sissies. Some were lucky enough to have owners who
    held on to them for a long time and who treated them well, but most were
    immediately forced into brutal slave duties wearing them down quickly. None
    of the owners had paid a lot of money for their training only to allow the
    little sluts to run around free, and sooner or later all were sold to others
    or simply died from the harsh life.   
For Cindy life
    as a trainer of Master Rick's muscular sissies began. It was a frustrating
    life without the promise of reward or even attention, no matter how cruel
    that attention might be. The only attention she got was when she misbehaved
    and she only misbehaved once. She had been craving attention since Master
    Rick hardly looked in her direction. She only performed her duties when he
    was not around, so she didn't even see him very much. The infraction had
    been minor but Master Rick had recognized it for the rebellion it had been.
    Someone who had been through training as rigorous as the one Cindy had been
    through, did not do such things. So Master Rick decided on showing the useless
    slut who was in charge once and for all, and he did so with one of his standard
    methods. He strapped Cindy to a dentist's chair and pulled out all her teeth
    with a pair of pliers. Cindy tried apologizing, begging and pleading but
    nothing helped. Soon she was toothless and her craving for attention from
    Master Rick had been cured.   
For a few years
    she worked hard as trainer of the sissies Master Rick brought home, her life
    lacking not only sexual release, but also basic human contact. Telling a
    severely bound and terrified new sissy how to walk and talk did constitute
    this.   
Then one day at
    a party hosted by Master Rick all that changed. Master Rick had a couple
    of guests from out of town, Mistress Shawna and her partner/husband Bryce.
    Mistress Shawna was an absolutely beautiful, black shemale mistress and Bryce
    was a hunk of a master. Cindy had almost given up hope of ever being sold
    when Shawna caught her eye. She became aware that both Shawna and Bryce were
    scrutinizing her. As the evening progress Master Bryce asked Master Rick
    if he could "try out the little bitch" as he called it. Master Rick agreed
    and to Cindy's absolute delight Bryce first used her mouth before turning
    her around and pounding his huge cock up her ass. Cindy loved it and used
    all she had learned to increase Master Bryce's pleasure. After he had shot
    his load up her ass, she licked his cock clean with affection as she thanked
    him. Acting as a footrest for Master Rick for the rest of the evening she
    overheard the others discussing her future. Mistress Shawna and Master Bryce
    had exchanged looks and nodded to each other before Mistress Shawna began: "Say
    Rick, how would you like to sell the little bitch to us?" Master Rick was
    not at all adverse to the idea, but he would like to know why they were interested?
    Master Bryce explained: "As you know we deal in slaves just as yourself,
    and like you we have access to all the slave meat we could want. However,
    just like you have your favorites, we have our personal slaves, ones we don't
    sell as soon as they finish training. Or rather Shawna has such a slave." Shawna
    took over: "For a couple of years I've had a personal slave, Debbie, who
    was actually an old friend before she became my property. Now we've been
    thinking that we should have one each. As you can see I'm black and Bryce
    is white. Debbie is white too, so we thought it would make for a nice piece
    of symmetry if Bryce's slave was black. And your bitch is approximately the
    same size and build as Debbie and she seems to have much the same skills.
    What do you say?" Master Rick looked down at Cindy and said: "You know I
    don't go for skinny sluts with no muscles tone. The only reason I bought
    this sissy slave was that she was so obvious feminine. That combined with
    the training at The Kaltenbrunner Academy made her ideal for training my
    new slaves. But I find her boring and now I have enough bitches that turn
    me on and who can actually train the others just as well. So yes. If we can
    agree on a price, you can have her." Cindy's heart pounded with excitement
    and hope. Finally a chance for a life as a real sex slave, not just an asexual
    existence! Shawna asked Rick: "The Kaltenbrunner Academy you say? I've heard
    good things about their training. Are the rumors true?" Rick chuckled a little
    as he answered: "I don't know what rumors you are referring to, but training
    is clearly first class. As for the place itself, I must say that their orgies
    were quite something. And the woman running that place is without a doubt
    the most cruel, evil and dominating bitch I have ever laid my eyes on. Man!
    She is something else." Cindy wanted to speak in agreement, but wisely kept
    quiet while her price was discussed. At the end of the evening she was put
    in a straightjacket, gagged and hooded before her legs were strapped together
    and slung over Bryce's shoulder and carried to their car. Master Rick didn't
    even offer a parting slap in the face.   
The drive to Shawna
    and Bryce's place was long, but Cindy lay in the trunk dreaming of being
    a sex object once again so time passed quickly. When her legs were untied
    and her hood was removed she was in a dungeon again. Over her stood Mistress
    Shawna and Master Bryce. They both smiled as they stood her up and led her
    to a figure sitting strapped to a gynecologist's chair her legs spread wide.
    Master Bryce whispered in her ear: "This is Debbie, your fellow slave. After
    surgery and training you will be just like her." Cindy screamed with terror,
    but could not plead as she was still gagged. The figure in the chair had
    no arms. Its head was completely encased in a thick, red rubber hood and
    the eyeholes looked like practically no light could enter. Her head was held
    completely rigid by a severe neck corset and her waist was constricted in
    a way Cindy had thought impossible. Both corsets were red. The waist was
    only nine inches and had a six-inch pipe stem. On top of that rested a pair
    truly monstrous tits, pierced through the nipples. The breasts were constricted
    with an intricate harness, which not only held them but tortured them in
    a small way as well. The nipple rings were connected to the neck corset with
    steel wire and together these acted as a kind of bra, holding up the monster
    tits. The cock was severely chastised in much the same way as Cindy's own.
    On Debbie's feet were red, ballet-toed boots with no heel, so small that
    Cindy scarcely thought it possible. Cindy wanted to run away, but was far
    too late now. Shawna whispered into her other ear: "Debbie here is allowed
    to cum, after a fashion, once in a while. We thought that you should be shown
    how." As Cindy watched Shawna then took a number of needles with electrical
    wires attached to one end. She freed Debbie cock and balls and inserted the
    needles into Debbie's cock, balls and behind her scrotum. Even strapped in
    as she was, Debbie managed to thrash a little. Oddly she emitted no sound.
    Bryce explained this as Shawna continued working: "Debbie can't scream since
    her gag goes all the way down her throat, past her vocal cords. She breathes
    through a tiny hole in the gag and she is fed through this as well. It only
    comes out when she gives head to someone. Like you she has no teeth and she
    has a very long tongue, as will you have. The special lenses that cover her
    eyes distort the view of the world so that she can't really see anything
    but vague shadows. The only thing she is really trained to see is Shawna.
    Her ears are of course plugged so she can't hear anything either. When Debbie
    is not sealed up in her own little cupboard, and trust me, it is tiny, she
    must follow Shawna around, always staying a few paces behind her. When Debbie's
    corset and hood is changed and she is washed, it takes places in a room full
    of flashing lights and loud noises so that she can never really see or hear
    anything." Cindy whimpered with fear, her eyes imploring Bryce no to do thins
    to her. Bryce saw the look and smiled even wider: "But of course I'm going
    to do this to you. You are just a worthless slave sissy. You should be pleased
    that someone takes and interest in you." Cindy began to cry. In the meantime
    Shawna had finished sticking needles into Debbie. She picked up the control
    box the wires were connected to and threw a switch. Debbie's whole body tried
    to shake and thrash, but the straps held her down and after a short while
    a quite amazing amount of semen spurted out of her cock. It did not look
    like it was an enjoyable experience. Cindy was absolutely paralyzed with
    fear. This was too harsh. It couldn't happen to her.   
But it did. A few
    months later Cindy had assumed her position as Bryce's personal slave. In
    all respects she was like Debbie: no arms, practically no waist, all her
    senses cut off and her mind filled with only one thought: please Master Bryce.
    Her mind, what little there was left after the brutal training and massive
    surgery, was broken when she had her first "orgasm". Having the needles inserted
    was painful enough, but when the current came on her whole being was filled
    with pain as the semen pumped out of her, without providing the slightest
    amount of pleasure or even a proper release. Her contact with the outside
    was limited to having sex and even here it was just her tongue making contact
    with a dick or a pussy or her ass being filled by something. Sometimes she
    felt other bodies against her own and she loved this, since it was her only
    real contact with the outside world. Cindy lived the rest of her life like
    this, and it was a long time. Neither Shawna nor Bryce was the type to discard
    slaves at a whim and both liked the pair of armless slaves. For Debbie and
    Cindy this meant a lifetime of sensory deprivation and an existence with
    only one purpose please their mistress and master.  
Chapter 8   
For Denise her
    life as a fully trained slave began with a stay at Mistress Rachel's house
    before joining the twins' household. Since it was their idea to turn her
    into the sissy she now was, it was agreed that she would be their slave.
    But as the twins were moving out of Mistress Rachel's house and into their
    own as Denise returned, she would have to stay with Mistress Rachel until
    they had settled in.   
The twins had just
    finished high school and were about to start college and they had just gotten
    a place of their own. Or perhaps calling it their own was a bit much although
    they would soon have the paperwork to prove it. While Denise had been perfecting
    her skills a slave, the twins had been perfecting their skills as mistresses.
    Because Rachel could afford it the twins went to a rather posh high school
    were most of the kids were quite rich. One of these rich kids was Miranda
    Richardson, although everyone called her Mandy. Mandy was a real beauty:
    tall, blonde with blue eyes and a killer body. She was also a lesbian. Now
    this should not have been a problem for her, but it was. Her father was dead,
    but her mother ruled the house with an iron fist and she would not tolerate
    any other future than the one she had in mind. The future she had in mind
    for Mandy was finding a husband, producing some kids and living out life
    as a mom in the rich suburbs. No matter how Mandy tried to suggest that she
    didn't really want this she failed. Her mother would brook no argument on
    the matter. As a consequence Mandy went through life timidly, afraid to make
    any female friends because she might fall for them and unwilling to make
    male friends because she loathed the idea of having sex with one. She was
    very alone and shunned others. But she couldn't hide either, since her mother
    insisted on her participating in various activities at school and she had
    forced Mandy to become a cheerleader. Her mother also insisted on Mandy looking
    her best all the time, so Mandy went through school with perfect clothes,
    perfect hair, perfect make-up and of course a perfect body. She was miserable.   
For the twins she
    was just a gorgeous piece of ass they had to have. With their usual persistence
    they finally managed to corner her in the locker rooms after cheerleader
    practice.   
It was late and
    the school practically deserted. They made sure that they would not be disturbed,
    by posting a guard at the door. Helen Robinson stood guard outside while
    the twins set about seducing Mandy. Helen's whole life now revolved around
    the twins and there seemed to be no depth she was unwilling to go to for
    them. She now lived in Mistress Rachel's basement, giving her entire salary
    to the twins just as she had given them her pension. They controlled her
    entire life and when during the weekend when she wasn't at work, the twins
    usually used her as a toilet.   
Inside the locker
    room Mandy was just about to get out of the shower when the twins entered.
    Mandy had noticed the twin eyeing her and she had had to work hard to control
    her own fantasies about them. Now they stood in the shower, barefooted and
    only wearing little summer dresses as Mandy herself tried to cover her gorgeous
    body in a bath towel. Jocelyn asked her: "Well Mandy. I think we all need
    a shower after such a warm day, don't you?" Mandy stammered as she saw Jocelyn
    beginning to undress: "I, I, I have already showered." Joanna took over: "Tish-tosh.
    You can never get clean enough. We think that you should take a shower with
    us. It might loosen you up a little." Both twins giggled as they dropped
    their clothes. Mandy stammered a few more protests before she gave up and
    joined the twins under the shower. At first it was actually almost innocent.
    The twins stood on either side and threw water at each other and Mandy, but
    pretty soon the twins stood so close that Mandy could feel their breath on
    her skin in spite of the water. Then to her surprise they leaned towards
    each other and kissed right in front of Mandy's face. When they finished
    kissing they turned towards Mandy with eyes burning with desire. Mandy had
    been completely transfixed by their kissing. It was like something out of
    her fantasies. That the twin now began kissing and caressing her was also
    part of her fantasies.   
Mandy had had a
    female lover before, but it had been a short relationship that broke apart
    because of Mandy's refusal to come out in the open. It had been a year ago
    and ever since then Mandy had tried to muster courage enough to confront
    her mother or at least start a relationship, which was not dominated by her
    fear of exposure. But now the twins were starting something, which Mandy
    neither could nor would stop.   
At first the twins
    were only interested in straight sex with Mandy and their relationship became
    a series of clandestine meetings, which all ended in steamy sex. The twins
    did not enslave everyone they met and enjoyed the odd bit of "straight tail" as
    they dubbed it. It was actually Mandy herself who introduced the bondage
    aspect in their relationship. They were in her bedroom chatting a little
    before the serious business of fucking began. This had become their habit
    and both twins actually liked Mandy a great deal. She was a sweet girl, if
    very repressed. She was visibly nervous and they figured she had something
    on her mind. Finally she mustered the courage to ask: "I..I.. I was wondering
    if you had any experience in..in tying up someone and then having sex with
    them?" Her face turned completely red and she looked down as she waited for
    the answer. Joanna and Jocelyn exchanged a look. This was promising. Joanna
    started cautiously: "If you mean bondage, we might know a little." Mandy
    looked expectantly at the twins as Jocelyn spoke: "It so happens that Joanna
    and I have tried a little bondage and even a little S&amp;M. Why?" Again
    Mandy had to muster the courage, but finally she removed a pair of cheap
    handcuffs from a gym bag at the foot of the bed and said in the tiniest of
    voices: "I was wondering if we could try? I mean you tying me up?" She looked
    up hopefully at the twins who both grinned broadly. "Oh, I think we can work
    something out," said Joanna, "But throw that cheap shit away." "There are
    better things to tie you up with right here in the bedroom." Jocelyn finished.
    Mandy looked completely surprised that the twins should be so knowledgeable,
    but her surprise didn't stop them from quickly tying her spread eagle on
    her own bed. They had used nylon stockings they found in her drawers. Then
    they began teasing her naked and defenseless body, bring her close to cuming
    only to pull away at the last second. The denial drove Mandy wild and she
    gladly ate both their pussies as they took turns sitting on her face. They
    stuffed a pair of her own used panties into her mouth and tied them in place
    using yet another nylon stocking and to top it off they pulled nylon stockings
    down over her head, three layers in all. This restricted her vision somewhat
    and made her breathing a bit labored. Both things turned out to turn Mandy
    on in a big way. The twins then brought her to a series of massive orgasms
    before continuing with the light torture. Each of the twins found a belt
    and began using them too whip Mandy slightly, first her thighs and then her
    tits. They alternated the whipping and caressing before bringing her to a
    final series of thundering orgasms. Mandy had aftershocks for several minutes
    as the twins lay against her on either side, gently caressing her breasts.
    Mandy had loved every second of and she felt a deep affection for the twins.
    She was definitely falling in love with them.   
After they released
    her, they snuggled up in bed on either side of her. Occasionally one of them
    would slip a couple of fingers into Mandy's pussy and make her cum and occasionally
    they would make love lying on top of her. She tried to move away but the
    twins wanted her there and held her there. Mandy knew that siblings shouldn't
    have sex with each other, but she found the twins' lovemaking enormously
    sexy.   
Their lust temporarily
    sated as the time of Mandy's mothers return and their departure approached,
    they talked as they dressed. Mandy stammered that she would like for them
    to do more things like this to her and that she didn't mind if they were
    much harsher. Joanna asked her if what she was talking about was sexual slavery?
    Mandy timidly said that it might be. Jocelyn said that they both liked her
    very much and that they would only make her their slave if she really wanted
    it, but she should know that slavery would involve intense pain, constant
    humiliation, forced chastity and complete loss of control over her own life.
    Mandy shivered at this. The thought of being kept as a slave by these two
    turned her on more than she would admit. For Mandy slavery had the attraction
    of not having to make decisions for herself. She had wanted to stand up to
    her mother all her life, but was too weak to do so. If someone else controlled
    her life she wouldn't have to make that kind of decisions. Joanna and Jocelyn
    kissed Mandy and said that next time they came around, they would give her
    a preview of what slavery would be like. It was perhaps best if they could
    do it over a weekend to make it as realistic as possible.   
A few weeks later
    the opportunity arose as Mandy's mother went away for the weekend. After
    school Mandy went home to await the arrival of the twins. She sat on the
    couch in the living room, dressed in her designer jeans, designer sneakers
    and designer sweater nervously looking at the front door. When at last the
    doorbell rang, she jumped up and ran to the door. As she opened it she saw
    the twins as she had never seen them before. Both wore black leather coats
    going all the way down to their ankles and on their feet were black, knee-high,
    high-heeled boots with seven-inch stilettos. The leather of the boots was
    shiny and clung tightly to their legs without a hint of laces or zipper.
    Underneath their coat they wore black, leather mini skirts and black, leather
    tops accentuating their perfect, little breasts. Their black hair was pulled
    back into tight ponytails and they wore dark make-up making them look even
    more menacing. They wore black, leather gloves and each carried a large black
    duffel bag. Mandy was speechless. This was far more sexy and serious than
    she had expected, but she got no more time to think about it. Joanna stepped
    forward and slapped Mandy so hard that she fell: "Is this how you greet your
    Mistresses? Useless slut! Greet us properly." Jocelyn added her part: "And
    why the hell are you dressed as a normal person? A whore should be dressed
    as one or at the very least be naked!" Mandy fumbled and stammered as she
    tried to figure out what the correct way of greeting them was while undressing
    at the same time. The twins "helped" her by brandishing riding crops and
    beginning to whip her. When she had her jeans around her ankles and had removed
    her sweater and T-shirt, her upper body only clad in her bra, they ordered
    her to crawl into the living room on all fours. Along the way they continued
    whipping her. It was terribly confusing, very humiliating and painful as
    well. It made Mandy wet. As they instructed her in how to worship their feet,
    they noticed that her nipples were fully erect and her breathing had become
    ragged. Just to test how excited the bitch was, Jocelyn rammed the handle
    of her whip up Mandy's pussy. Mandy moaned with desire and the handle of
    the whip was dripping with her juices. The twins smiled at each other. Mandy
    really was a natural. If this really was what she wanted, she had the potential
    for becoming their slave for a very long time. Both Joanna and Jocelyn found
    Mandy very sweet; not a person to enslave against her will, but if she would
    submit willingly she had fantastic potential. They would soon find out.   
More whipping of
    Mandy's bare ass only increased her excitement, so the twins moved on. They
    made her crawl to the upstairs bathroom, her jeans still around her ankles,
    and there they cuffed her hands together and secured them above her head
    in the shower stall. Informing her that slaves should be really naked, they
    shaved her pussy. Mandy offered feeble protests, but Jocelyn slapped her
    face until she shut up, her eyes overflowing with tears while at the same
    time burning with lust. She almost came when Joanna ran the razor over her
    skin the first time and when Joanna cupped her naked sex after the shave,
    not even rubbing against her skin, Mandy did cum. The twin decided to turn
    it up a notch and gave Mandy a series of brutal enemas, which made her plead
    for mercy and cry. After the enemas they washed her thoroughly, using only
    cold water and dragging it out. When they released her shivering form she
    crawled to their feet and thanked them, licking the soles of their shoes
    with fervor as she asked them for more.   
The twins did indeed
    give her more. Securing her hands above her head they dressed her in her
    first slave outfit: A wide, black leather collar, a brutally restrictive,
    black leather corset and a pair of black, stilettos with six-inch heels and
    locking ankle straps. Her arms were put into a black leather armbinder; its
    straps criss-crossing her chest. Mandy moaned with passion as she was pushed
    to her knees and forced to service the twins orally. Jocelyn secured a chain
    to the tip of Mandy's armbinder and looped the other end of the chain round
    a beam in the ceiling. As she pulled the chain Mandy was forced to bend over
    at the waist as her arms were pulled up. The twins then donned huge, black
    strap-ons. Jocelyn fucked Mandy's face, repeatedly making her deep throat
    the strap-on for so long that she almost panicked because of the lack of
    air. While Jocelyn fucked Mandy's ass, Joanna popped her anal cherry. Mandy
    had never had something shoved up her ass, but seeing how much of a masochistic
    slut she was, Joanna saw no reason to play it nice. She simply lubed up her
    strap-on and Mandy's ass before beginning to pound it with long, hard strokes.
    If Mandy had been able to scream she would have, but her throat was stuffed
    with Jocelyn's strap-on, preventing her from making any sound. As it was
    the pain only made her even more wet.   
Nothing the twins
    did to Mandy failed to turn her on. Not even when they shit on the floor
    and made her eat it, did she object. Rather she wallowed in her subjugation
    and by Sunday afternoon the twins knew that Mandy would be a slave for the
    rest of her life. It was only a matter of whose slave she would be, and since
    they liked her a lot, she might as well belong to them. For Mandy the matter
    was clear. From the moment she had first laid eyes on the two dominatrixes,
    she had known that she was a slave. Every single physical punishment and
    humiliation that followed only reinforced her knowledge that she was born
    to be a slave. And she longed to be enslaved by the twins. She found the
    shit she had to eat utterly disgusting, but savored every bite as a means
    of showing what a lowly slut she was and just how far she would go to please
    them.   
When they were
    done with her for the weekend, they untied her and washed her before tucking
    her into bed. Sitting on either side of her, trapping her arms beneath the
    blanket they gently caressed her face before Jocelyn spoke to her: "You belong
    to us now, you worthless slave-slut and from now on and for the rest of your
    life you will not make an independent decision." Mandy cried with relief
    and gratitude as Jocelyn announced this. "You will finish high-school before
    giving up your life completely," Joanna said and then addressed Mandy's greatest
    fear: "And don't worry about your mother. We'll take care of her." With that
    the twins accepted Mandy's thanks and left her to rest.   
Mandy's mother
    was a bit puzzled that her daughter had gone to bed several hours early,
    but didn't think too much about it.   
In the weeks that
    followed Mandy's life quietly became more and more controlled by the twins
    until she made no decisions for herself. The twins supplied her with a cream,
    which removed all of her body hair. They made sure that she never wore bras
    again and that a butt plug was always lodged in her ass, just as a couple
    of Ben-wa balls were always in her pussy. The stimulation Mandy sure that
    Mandy was incredibly horny all the time, but the twins also decreed that
    she could only cum when they permitted her to do so. They furthermore ordered
    her to masturbate at least three times while at school and at least four
    times while at home, without cuming of course. To make sure that their orders
    were obeyed, they gave Mandy a special watch. In the watch were pulse- and
    blood pressure monitors and a small computer. The twins had recorded the
    way in which Mandy's pulse and blood pressure behaved when she came, and
    the computer was set to recognize this pattern. If the computer recognized
    the pattern it sent an SMS to the twins cell phone alerting them of Mandy's
    breach of orders and swift and brutal punishment would follow.   
Mandy was kept
    on the edge for weeks and months without being allowed to cum. Constantly
    aroused her nipples now seemed to be erect all the time and she had to dry
    the insides of her thighs for juices several times a day. Had the twins not
    bossed her around, making her do her homework and behave like nothing had
    happened, she would have been unable to do anything but think about sex.
    Every time she saw the twins she would beg and plead to allowed to cum and
    every time the twins' reply would be "no" followed by some new punishment
    or humiliation.   
When the twins
    had removed the last remnant of independence from Mandy, they decided it
    was time to deal with her mother.   
Mandy's mother,
    Angela, had felt no desire to remarry after her husband's death. This was
    in spite of the fact that she was both physically and economically desirable.
    She simply preferred being the boss. Controlling Mandy was simple; the girl
    was sweet and Angela loved her daughter, but she had no taste, no flair and
    of course no spine. She had to be guided, as Angela liked to call her iron-fisted
    control of Mandy.   
So Angela was a
    not only surprised, but extremely dismayed by the sight that met her one
    Friday afternoon when she came back from a shopping trip to town. In her
    living room were two girls, whom she only after a couple of seconds recognized
    as the twins from Mandy's class. They looked very different now than they
    had in school. Both wore full body rubber suits; Jocelyn's red and Joanna's
    white. They wore knee-high, black, lace-up stiletto boots with six-inch heels
    and both wore black rubber gloves. Both sported a gigantic, black strap-on
    and both brandished riding crops. Mandy was the object of their attention.
    She was kneeling, her upper body bent over and tied to a low table. She wore
    only a pair of black, high-heeled shoes with locking ankle straps, a black
    corset and a black collar. From her ass protruded a very large dildo and
    the twins stood on either side of her whipping her ass, which was already
    a deep red color. Tears ran down her face as she cried out with each blow,
    but neither her facial expression nor the timbre of her voice betrayed pain.
    Rather she looked and sounded like she loved it. As the twins saw Angela
    they stopped their whipping and turned their attention to her. Mandy let
    out a sigh of disappointment as the whips left her bruised ass. Angela was
    too shocked to speak as the twin approached her, their strap-ons pointing
    aggressively at her. "Hello Angela, you dumb bitch." Joanna started. "We've
    been expecting you. Things are about to change around here." Jocelyn finished.
    With that they pounced on her. They were much too strong and much too fast
    for the shocked Angela and soon her hands were cuffed behind her back and
    a massive ball-gag kept her quiet. The twins cut away her clothes before
    leaving her on the floor as they moved towards Mandy. "Before we deal with
    you, we're going to show you what Mandy is really like." Jocelyn smirked. "You
    are going to do the same thing, whether you like it or not." Joanna added.
    Then they freed Mandy and told her that they needed to take a dump. Mandy
    obediently crawled over to Jocelyn's ass and Jocelyn squatted a little before
    dumping her load in Mandy's mouth. To Angela's horror and disgust her daughter
    ate the shit and went on to lick Jocelyn's ass clean before drinking her
    piss. After that she did the same thing for Joanna. Her task finished, she
    lowered her head to her mistresses' feet and thanked them. Joanna patted
    her on the head and told her to sit in the corner and play with herself until
    told otherwise, but that she was forbidden to cum. Mandy crawled to the corner,
    assumed a strained sitting position (the dildo in her ass made sitting normally
    impossible) and began to masturbate. Angela was absolutely horrified. These
    monsters had turned her daughter into a masochistic freak! And now they were
    coming for her. They were indeed coming for her. Over the next days they
    tortured her ruthlessly and subjected her to more pain than she had imagined
    existed. At the same time she was constantly and mercilessly humiliated.
    As Monday came and Mandy went to school, Angela lay tied up in her own bed.
    The twins tied her up in a straightjacket made of thick, black rubber. In
    her mouth was a huge black ball-gag and her head was encased in a thick,
    black rubber hood. Her ears were plugged so she couldn't hear a thing. On
    her feet were a pair of stiletto boots; ankle high with seven-inch heels
    and her legs were tied together with a tight, black rubber sheath. She was
    strapped to the bed itself and was unable to move, except to toss her head.
    In her ass and pussy were monster dildos and the twins had turned them on
    just before leaving her. Unlike Mandy, Angela was not a submissive and she
    had hated everything the twins had done to her. She was close to breaking
    and submitting to them out of sheer terror of the punishments they would
    otherwise inflict on her, but she wasn't quite there yet. But the dildos
    proved to be a devilish assault on her defenses. She was cut off from the
    rest of the world and the dildos were the only sensation in her rubber prison.
    Slowly her resistance faltered and she began to enjoy it, much against her
    will. When Mandy and the twin came to release her in the evening, she was
    screaming her orgasms against her gag, her whole body one mass of orgasmic
    slave flesh.   
The twins teased
    her relentlessly with what a slut she had proven to be as they continued
    their efforts to break her completely. They introduced her to the slave suit
    she would wear for the rest of her life. All her hair, including the hair
    on her head and her eyebrows were permanently removed. Then they put her
    in a black, rubber suit, which covered her whole body. Her waist was constricted
    by a brutal, black corset, as was her neck. Her hands were put into to stiff,
    cone-like mittens preventing her from picking anything up using only one
    hand. On her head was a thick, black rubber hood with a pair of special openings
    for her to see through. The eyepieces were metal tubes, about an inch long,
    with dark glass at the ends. They made her vision dark and tunnel-like. In
    her mouth and throat was a very long penis gag with a small hole through
    the center. The gag went all the way down her throat preventing her from
    making any sound and the hole was needed for Angela to breathe. On her feet
    were ballet-toed boots, without heels. In her ass was a huge butt plug held
    in place by a strap going through her crotch. This strap was secured to a
    belt around her waist and acted like a chastity belt also, since it prevented
    her, or anyone else, from touching her pussy. Her wrists were connected by
    an eight-inch chain, as were her ankles. The chain between her ankles was
    also connected to her chastity belt and the connecting chain was so short
    that she had to remain kneeling. For the rest of her life Angela crawled
    around scrubbing floor by hand, licking toilet bowls clean and, most importantly,
    acting as a toilet. Her daughter was ordered never to shit anywhere else
    but in her mother's mouth. Angela hated every second of it, but the twins
    had broken her after only two weeks of pain and humiliation.   
The final straw
    came one Saturday afternoon, when they left her alone in the hall to clean
    the floor. They had left the door open so that she could escape if she really
    wanted to. And she did want to. Since she was unable to get free from the
    slave suit, she crawled out the door and down the street. The house was huge
    and sat at the end of a small, secluded road. It had an enormous garden surrounded
    by high walls and the closest neighbor was more than half a mile away. It
    was a scorching hot day and Angela sweated like a pig in her restrictive
    rubber suit. Her restricted vision made finding her way extremely difficult
    and crawling on her hands and knees it took her almost an hour to crawl to
    the doorstep of her neighbor, Diane Sampson. Diane had been Angela's friend
    since Angela and Mandy had moved into the neighborhood. When Diane opened
    the door and saw the bound figure on her doorstep she looked shocked. She
    had responded to a knocking sound. Since Angela couldn't stand up she had
    knocked the door using her head. "Dear me." Diane exclaimed: "Who are you
    and why are you tied up like that?" Angela couldn't even mewl because of
    the penis gag in her throat, but she tried to communicate as she shook her
    head. Diane saw her gag and to Angela's great relief she removed it. Angela
    immediately spoke: "Diane, you have to help me. They are holding Mandy and
    me captive. They are doing unspeakable things to us. Please." Diane looked
    very concerned as she recognized the voice: "Dear God, is that you Angela?" she
    asked. "Yes Diane, you have to help us." Diane nodded: "Of course dear. Crawl
    in, so they can't see that you are here and I'll see what I can do." Angela
    thought that this was a strange non-committal answer, but obliged and crawled
    inside as Diane closed the door behind her. Instead of trying to free her
    Diane went to the phone immediately as Angela begged to be released: "Please
    Diane. Can't you free me from this suit?" Diane looked impatient as she dialed
    while she answered her: "In a moment dear, in a moment." She finished dialing
    and after a few seconds someone obviously replied as Diane spoke into the
    phone: "Hello dear. It's Diane. I'm afraid that the snooty little bitch has
    run away and is here now." Angela was shocked speechless at these words and
    it only became worse: "What Joanna? You let her escape so that I could have
    some fun with her? How delightful! Is it all right if I keep her for a few
    hours before returning her? Excellent! Thank you very much. It's so sweet
    of you. Bye now. See you later." Then she hung up and turned to Angela, who
    had begun crying. In a voice that was all sweetness and light Diane said: "Yes,
    you stupid cunt, I'm in on it too. I've wanted to see you reduced to your
    current state in quite a while. Those twins are really a very sweet pair.
    So good of them to lend you out for a few hours. Come along now bitch. Time
    to earn your keep." She fixed a leash to Angela's collar and dragged the
    sobbing slave into her living room.   
When the twins
    had decided that they would take care of Mandy's mom, they had also decided
    that her house would be a perfect place to settle. It fulfilled all the requirements
    of a slave training facility, such as the one they planned on having: it
    was outside town, secluded and private, the nearest neighbor far away. But
    still it was best if the neighbors were in on it, so they began checking
    them out. Or rather they began checking her out, because apart from Diane
    the nearest neighbor was over two miles away. Aunt Rachel helped them and
    she instantly recognized the name. Diane Sampson had been a professional
    dominatrix for years before retiring and Rachel knew her quite well. So they
    all went to see her and explained to her what they planned. Diane was delighted.
    She only pretended to like the intolerably snobbish Angela because the outwards
    appearance of friendship would keep her prying eyes away. And Diane did have
    something to hide.   
About a year before
    Angela moved in next-door Diane had married. She had been in her late fifties
    and he had been in his very early twenties. Diane was obviously rich and
    the guy had been a gold-digger, pure and simple. However, the poor guy had
    gotten much more than he bargained for and now he lived as a slave in Diane's
    basement whenever she had company. When there was no one around he acted
    as Diane's maid. She had enslaved him in the most brutal manner possible,
    using no special techniques to make him enjoy his position, but rather using
    brute force and raw pain to break him. Once he was broken she had surgery
    performed on him to make his face feminine, remove his Adam's apple, change
    his voice and make his hands and feet smaller. She made him ultra feminine,
    except for one thing: He got no breasts. His hips were full and wide and
    he had an inviting ass, but his chest was completely flat. She shipped him
    off to friends where he was gang-raped for days on end, used as a toilet
    and tortured until his voice broke. When his training was finished he was
    completely obedient and had even forgotten his original name. He/she now
    only answered to the name "Slut". Slut stood in the living room waiting for
    her mistress. She had beautiful brown hair, gathered in a ponytail and going
    all the way down to her gorgeous ass. Her full, red lips encircled a big,
    black ball-gag and a neck corset ensured that she held her head in the correct
    posture. She was severely corseted, her waist no more than fourteen inches,
    with a black, leather corset extending from just above her hips to just below
    her nipples, which were pierced with large steel rings. Her legs were clad
    in black rubber stockings held up with a mass of garters coming down from
    her corset and on her feet were black, ankle high boots, ballet-toed with
    nine-inch stilettos. Her wrists and ankles were connected by eight-inch chains
    and from her ass protruded one end of a very large butt plug. Her cock and
    balls were held in a small, black sphere made from thick, black rubber reinforced
    with a steel wire mesh and held in place by a steel wire tightened very tightly
    around the base of her cock, encircling the scrotum. Diane never allowed
    Slut to cum, preferring instead to whip Slut's genitals for sport. Slut had
    tried pleading for release, but Diane was unmoved; she didn't think the useless
    bastard should be allowed to cum, ever. Slut stood completely still, staring
    at the floor, looking very scared when Diane entered. Just the way Diane
    wanted it. Whenever Slut acquired some familiarity with her situation and
    began to adjust, Diane would plunge her to new depths, inflicting even more
    pain on her than before, just to keep her in a state of perpetual terror.
    She had succeeded completely with this tactic. Slut was terrified of her
    mistress every minute of every day.   
Now Slut stood
    by as Diane had a little sport with Angela. "I've wanted to hear you scream
    for a long time, you stuck up bitch," Diane said just before she turned Angela's
    tits into pincushions. Since she didn't take Angela's heavy rubber suit off
    first, she used thick, sharp needles, which she pressed through the rubber.
    When Angela's breasts looked just like overfilled pincushions and Angela
    was screaming and begging, Diane made her lick pussy. The sobbing Angela
    licked for a long time and when Diane told her to stop, it was only to take
    up position behind Angela to paddle her ass mercilessly. After a good, long
    session of this Angela was again ordered to eat Diane's pussy before finally
    being forced to drink her piss. While Angela cried and sobbed, Diane reinserted
    her gag and grabbed her leash to lead her back to the twins. Just before
    leading Angela out the door, Diane stopped and turned towards Slut. She dropped
    the leash and instead grabbed one of Slut's nipple rings with one hand and
    Slut's imprisoned member with the other and hissed: "When I get back I'm
    going to beat your useless, little cock until you pass out. Then I'm going
    to whip it some more. Get your worthless ass down in the dungeon, get my
    most sturdy riding crop and wait for me." With that she gave Slut's genitals
    a vicious squeeze, grabbed Angela's leash and led her out the door. Slut
    screamed behind her gag before scampering down into the dungeon as fast as
    she could. Slut had hoped that Mistress Diane would went most of her anger
    on Angela today and leave Slut in relative peace, but it seemed that the
    punishment session had had the exact opposite effect and Slut cried with
    fear as she got out the long and heavy riding crop. She took up position,
    holding out the crop before her for Mistress Diane to take and waited for
    her return.   
While Slut stood
    shaking with fear in her basement, Diane led Angela back to what was now
    effectively the twins' house. It took a good long while with Angela crawling
    back the way she had come, but Diane passed time by occasionally whipping
    Angela or making her cry even harder by commenting on what a complete and
    utter slave-slut she was. When she was led back into the house Angela was
    almost completely broken. She did break completely when the twins punished
    her for trying to escape. They first pulled out all her nails on both her
    hands and her feet. Then they each took a large hammer and smashed her left
    hand and her feet before finally squeezing them into new a mitten and new
    boots, which were much smaller than they had previously been. Inside the
    boots and the mitten her hand and her feet healed into the shape of the prison
    they had been inserted into, after which they were completely useless for
    anything but crawling around on the floor with.   
Eventually her
    right hand was smashed and shaped in the same way, but the twins needed Angela's
    right hand two days later when there was a meeting of the twins' lawyer and
    Angela's. Here documents were drawn up, which signed over everything Angela
    and Mandy owned to the twins. The lawyers got an extra-large fee for ignoring
    the fact that what they were doing was illegal and Angela's lawyer in particular
    got a kick out of seeing the stuck up bitch sitting obediently in the corner
    completely encased in rubber, waiting to sign away everything she owned,
    effectively her own life as well. When the paperwork had been dealt with
    Angela crawled out to the car and lying in the trunk she was driven back
    to what was no longer her house. Here the twins pulled out the nails of her
    right hand before smashing it like the left one. Angela lived out the rest
    of her life as a crawling floor scrubber and barely human toilet. She didn't
    even receive sexual release, as the twins didn't think she deserved it.   
As for Mandy, she
    also lived out the rest of her life as the twins' slave, but very differently
    than her mother. Mandy graduated from high school just as the twins had ordered
    her to, but whereas the twins attended the nearby college, Mandy took up
    her position as fulltime slave. She tried all the slave duties the twins
    could think of: maid, toilet, furniture, garbage can, ashtray and so forth,
    before she finally settled into what would be her role for the rest of her
    life: the role of pony girl. As their abilities evolved the twins specialized:
    Jocelyn specialized in producing pain slaves, slaves made exclusively to
    be tortured, while Joanna specialized in making pets; dogs, cats and ponies.   
Mandy responded
    very well to pony training and Joanna decided to keep her as one permanently.
    Her feet were put into special boots, like platform boots, but without the
    heel and the sole ending in a horseshoe. They forced Mandy to stand on her
    toes all the time. She was corseted, but not so severely that she had real
    trouble breathing when she ran, and she was of course collared. Her head
    was shaved except for a thin stripe, from which a braided Mohawk was made.
    Her nose and tits were of course ringed. Finally her arms were removed, since
    she no longer needed them and she looked much more like a pony with smooth,
    armless shoulders.   
Mandy loved the
    slave life, loved having to make no decisions at all and after some time
    the twins noticed a change in her. She effectively lost her human persona
    after a while. The twins had given her the name "Golden Fury" after an old
    pony girl story they read and soon she responded only to this name. She also
    gradually lost her ability to read. Joanna made an obstacle course for the
    pony and on the course were some signs with instructions for Golden Fury
    to read. Joanna noticed that it took Golden Fury longer and longer to read
    them until she seemed completely unable to. In the end she just ran past
    them and Joanna had to abandon giving her written instructions altogether.
    Joanna also had to simplify the language she used around her as her ability
    to understand longer sentences seemed to diminish over time until Joanna
    could only communicate with her with the simplest of instructions. Mandy
    happily lived out her life as Golden Fury, completely and joyfully abandoning
    her old life. Joanna decided that since horses didn't sleep lying down, neither
    should Golden Fury. In practice this meant that Golden Fury spent the rest
    of her lie standing. At night a pole rising out of the floor was rammed up
    her ass, forcing her to stand up all night. The twin denied her sexual release
    for months and years at a time and when they finally made her cum she cried
    with gratitude. Every morning when she took her daily dump, Angela crawled
    in under her to eat her shit but Golden Fury was too far-gone to even recognize
    her mother. In any case it was hard to see Angela as anything but a barely
    human rubber doll, so perhaps Golden Fury's lack of recognition was understandable.  
Chapter 9   
When Denise returned
    from the academy all this was taking place without her knowing about it.
    She started her new life as a maid in Mistress Rachel and Master Tony's house
    alongside her mother, Susanna.   
Susanna had in
    the meantime developed into a complete slave, craving punishment and humiliation
    constantly. The slightest bit of attention from Mistress Rachel made her
    heart leap with joy, even if the attention involved brutal punishment or
    ruthless humiliation. A daily highlight for Susanna was when Mistress Rachel
    squatted over her face in the morning and made her eat shit. Not that she
    liked shit as such, but the enormous humiliation of having to eat her sister's
    shit turned her on and it was a golden opportunity to show Mistress Rachel
    that she, Susanna, was nothing but a worthless shit-eating slave who loved
    being owned. One thing that turned Susanna on more than anything else was
    being filled to the bursting point. She was happiest when her ass, pussy
    and mouth were packed so full that she thought she was going burst. This
    in time meant some rather drastic changes in her body. All her teeth had
    been knocked out during one of these sessions, leaving her smooth-gummed.
    Her ass had been widened so much that she could no longer hold shit; her
    sphincter was broken. Her pussy had also become huge and flabby and the process
    had also damaged her urinary tract so she couldn't even hold her piss. The
    obvious solution would have been to plug her two nether orifices, but since
    she loved being filled to the bursting point, this was not a solution. Instead
    Mistress Rachel had opted for a more humiliating approach. Susanna was now
    constantly diapered. She always moved around wearing a diaper, the outer
    layer of which was white rubber. Since she couldn't hold anything back it
    was always full of a most disgusting mixture of urine and shit, and as a
    consequence she suffered from constant diaper rash. At the end of each day
    she had to eat the contents of her diaper.   
Susanna was assigned
    to do all the really dirty housework, but because she was so much around
    shit she was never allowed into the cleaner parts of the house, notably the
    kitchen and the living room. Her uniform was simple: black shoes with seven-inch
    heels and locking ankle straps, eight-inch chains connecting her ankles and
    wrists, a severe black corset and a collar. In her mouth was a large black
    ball-gag and of course she wore a diaper all the time. Her head had been
    shaved and she was now permanently bald.   
Neither Rachel
    nor Tony were really into scat and used it mostly as a means for humiliating
    Susanna. Combined with the fact that Susanna's openings became more and more
    flabby and less and less inviting, this meant that they began to loose interest
    in her. Actually it was a bit of a problem for them since the twins had given
    them Helen Robinson. Because Helen Robinson had developed the same way, into
    a shit-eating slut who craved being filled to the bursting point. Helen had
    quit school after the twins graduated and now she lived the exact same life
    as Susanna, as a slave eating her own shit out of her diaper. Rachel and
    Tony definitely did not find it very sexy and struggled for long time with
    what to do with them.   
After a year they
    finally turned them both into permanent toilets. This involved very extensive
    surgery. When the new toilets returned from Dr. Jacobsen they looked exactly
    the same: Both had had their arms and legs removed as well as their ears.
    Since no one would see them or use them for sexual purposes, they had also
    had their breasts removed. Their jaws had been wrenched apart, a steel ring
    inserted along the edge holding their mouths permanently open and their heads
    had been bent over backwards so that their mouths pointed straight up and
    had been fixed in that position using so rather drastic steel inserts. No
    one wanted a speaking toilet so their vocal cords had been removed and as
    they were going to spend the rest of their lives in darkness their eyes had
    also been removed. They were mounted inside a box with an opening surrounded
    by a seat, thus making up a toilet. Their mouths were directly beneath the
    opening, which had a funnel insuring that all the shit wound up in their
    mouths, ready to receive whatever came. Their tongues had been elongated
    so that they could lick the ass of the user clean after he or she had finished.
    In their noses were tubes connected to a hole right behind the seat so that
    they could breathe. Inside the box they were held in place by a number of
    brutal steel straps secured to the steel rods holding the box together and
    hoses were inserted into their nether orifices to remove their own waste.
    The only maintenance they required was a handful of vitamin- and nourishment
    pills flushed down with some clean water once a day so that they stayed alive,
    and once a week the sides of the box were removed and the toilets cleaned
    with a high-pressure hose. Although it seemed strange both slaves had been
    broken to an extent that they accepted this without question, feeling that
    it was natural that they should be treated thus since they were so lowly.   
After three years
    like that Susanna died when an especially fat Mistress sat down and blocked
    the breathing hole while at the same time taking a dump that went on forever.
    Susanna simply died from lack of air. Helen lived as a toilet for five more
    years after Susanna's death, her mind long since gone from the constant confinement
    and shit eating. She died when a not too bright Mistress threw a sanitary
    napkin into the toilet and Helen choked trying to swallow it.   
But when Denise
    arrived back from the academy both Susanna and Helen were just running around
    as bald, shit-eating slaves who were constantly diapered. Although they were
    not allowed to speak to each other, they had developed a strange affection
    for each other and constantly tried touch, an infraction that was punished
    daily.   
Denise assumed
    the role of maid in the household, if only temporarily. Mistress Rachel had
    discussed Denise with the twins and her maids uniform and her duties in Mistress
    Rachel's house would be essentially the same as they would be in the twins
    house once they got settled in. On her feet were white, lacey, ankle socks
    and her shoes were shiny, black plastic shoes with seven-inch stilettos and
    locking ankle straps. Her uniform was made from black satin with white lace
    edges and a small, white apron. It only just reached below her panty-line
    and if Denise bent over even slightly, her pretty, white silk panties were
    in plain view. The uniform had a cutout insuring that Denise's tits hung
    out in the open, framed prettily by a white, lace edge. Under the uniform
    she wore a severe corset, reducing her waist to fifteen inches with a four-inch
    pipe stem. Around her neck was a broad, shiny steel collar and on her hands
    were delicate, white lace gloves. Her wrists and ankles were shackled in
    shiny steel connected by chains no more than six inches long, insuring tiny
    mincing steps and finely choreographed movements from Denise whatever she
    did. She was gagged with a big penis gag extending almost into her throat,
    held in place by a broad, black leather strap. Naturally her member was chastised
    constantly and pulled back between her legs insuring a smooth crotch. In
    her ass resided a large butt plug and covering it all was a sanitary napkin,
    so that Denise's constant dribbling of pre-cum wouldn't soil the pretty panties
    holding everything in place.   
Apart from cleaning
    up the dirtier sections of the house, a task left to the two toilet bitches
    Susanna and Helen, Denise's job was to take care of everything else: cooking,
    cleaning, laundry, receiving guests properly and so forth. Of course she
    also had to make sure that everyone was provided with every conceivable service,
    sexual or otherwise. She rose more than two hours before everyone else and
    worked until Master Tony released her from her bindings and she crawled into
    the tiny cage at the bottom of a cupboard, where she lived. That is unless
    of course she was called upon to provide sexual service during the night,
    which was quite often. Not only were Mistress Rachel and Master Tony very
    sexually active, they were also very socially minded people who often had
    other mistresses and masters over for the night. The constant activity meant
    that Denise rarely got more than a few hours of rest before she had to get
    up, administer her own series of morning enemas, bathe in cold waster, make
    herself as pretty as possible, put on her uniform and bindings and start
    the day's work. Her member was only taken out if someone wanted to tease
    or torture it and she was not allowed release, but at least she got to suck
    Master Tony's cock, a task that filled her with gratitude every time.   
In the month she
    stayed with Mistress Rachel and Master Tony the times when she sucked Master
    Tony's cock were the only times she was rewarded. The rest was hard work.   
Denise had been
    utterly shocked when she saw her mother for the first time since returning
    from the academy. The extent of her degradation was stunning. She barely
    noticed Denise, her focus being solely on Mistress Rachel. The way in which
    she savored her role as diapered toilet slave was also a shock to Denise.
    While Denise had turned into a well-behaved and sexually very sophisticated
    sissy-slave who was trained to handle almost any slave duty, Susanna had
    turned into a filthy slut capable of only the simplest of tasks. The sexual
    tension, which had existed between the two was gone and the only time they
    had anything to do with each other was when Denise oversaw Susanna and Helen's
    morning toilette.   
After a month the
    twins were ready to receive Denise as their slave. The house, previously
    owned by Angela, had now been rebuilt to suit their needs as mistresses and
    they had had time to start their college educations. Since they used most
    of their efforts at school no major slave training activities went on at
    the house. That would come in time. For now Angela, Mandy and Denise were
    enough. For Denise the change was minimal. She performed the same duties
    as she had at Mistress Rachel's house, in the same uniform and with same
    relentless rules. The only difference was the amount of attention her cock
    received. The twins just loved to play with it. At night when Denise's chores
    were done, before she was locked in her cage, they would strip her, tie her
    up and play with her genitals. They freed them and her member always sprang
    into action instantly. It had been months since Denise had been allowed to
    cum, but the twins were not about to change that. No, all they wanted to
    do was to keep Denise right on the edge without allowing her to cum, while
    subjecting her cock and balls to harsh punishment. Kicking Denise in the
    groin or trampling her cock and balls with their stilettos were favorites
    of theirs, as was applying electricity to them. Often Denise's balls would
    be unbearably swollen when she woke up, but there was no mercy. She had to
    press them up between her legs so that she had smooth crotch.   
Mostly Denise was
    happy. She was performing the slave duties she was trained to do and the
    lack of sexual release only reflected that she was a worthless slut who didn't
    deserve such things. The only times she was unhappy was when she thought
    of Regina von Kaltenbrunner. The memory of Headmistress was never far from
    her mind and Denise both feared and longed for the day when Headmistress
    would find her and castrate her. She feared loosing her balls more than anything
    else, but at the same time the prospect of castration at the hands of Headmistress
    and the complete and uncompromising domination in that act, thrilled her
    more than she could say.   
For now she was
    the twins' slave and mostly it was as quiet as slave lives go. The twins
    were at school most of the time and college provided them with plenty of
    sexual partners, allowing them to try out many different things. They regularly
    brought people home to play with, but on these occasions Denise, Mandy and
    Angela would usually be confined to the basement since the twins didn't want
    the whole world to know them as fierce sexual predators. For now there was
    plenty of fun to be had with more or less straight sex. Occasionally they
    would bring someone home for S&amp;M games.   
One such person
    was Gina. Gina was on orphan who had gotten a scholarship through hard work.
    She was a beautiful, black girl, almost 6'3" high with a slender build and
    perfect breasts. Gina had attracted the twins attention and had been all
    for having sex with the girls. After a few weeks of steamy encounters in
    her small apartment the twins had invited her home. Both Joanna and Jocelyn
    liked her and they agreed that she would make a fine slave. Although their
    encounters had been ordinary sex only, both thought that there was something
    about Gina that said: "Punish me. Abuse me." So they decided to test her
    reactions before proceeding to the S&amp;M-games. They had invited her for
    dinner and Gina was very impressed by the house. How could they afford it?
    Did they have rich relatives, or what? The twins didn't have to answer any
    questions about how they had gotten the house as Denise came into the living
    room carrying a tray with drinks. Denise was in her usual maids uniform,
    chained and gagged as she minced towards Gina with tiny steps. Gina stopped
    talking in the middle of a sentence and her mouth hung open as she watched
    the sexy slave maid mince towards her. She was completely transfixed as Denise
    with great difficulty curtseyed before and offered her a drink from the tray. "Go
    ahead and take a drink, Gina." Jocelyn said. "We've made sure she doesn't
    bite," Joanna grinned with reference to Denise's gag. Gina stared at Denise,
    who looked submissively down, for a good long while before gathering her
    courage and taking a drink from the tray: "Thanks," she mumbled to Denise.
    Jocelyn quickly corrected her: "Don't thank the useless slut." "She's a slave.
    She should feel privileged that she is allowed to serve you." Joanna finished. "You
    are grateful, aren't you bitch?" Jocelyn asked Denise menacingly. Denise
    nodded vigorously as she minced towards the twins and dropped to her knees
    in front of them. She lowered her head to the ground while she held the tray
    up, so that her mistresses could take a drink without having to see her ugly
    face. Gina sat dumbfounded as she realized the amount of training Denise
    must have received to be able to perform her duties so gracefully. Her hands
    and feet were restricted with tiny chains and yet she had performed every
    movement perfectly and hadn't spilled a drop. Gina felt a surprising warmth
    spreading in her body. Watching Denise made her horny!   
The twins saw the
    look on her face as they dismissed Denise. They had decided to play it cool
    for as long as possible to draw out Gina; to force her to make the first
    move. Gina's eyes followed Denise as she took up position in the corner of
    the room: tray held out, chest out and head down. The twins made polite conversation,
    but Gina just stared at the gorgeous slave in the corner. Finally the twins
    called Denise over to stand in front of Gina. "Denise, drop your panties
    and show Gina what kind of a slut you are." Joanna said. Gina started to
    object that it really wasn't necessary, but the twins wouldn't have it and
    soon Denise's panties were on the ground together with her absolutely soaking
    sanitary napkin, as she held up her skirt. Gina gasped as she saw Denise's
    imprisoned member. Jocelyn explained: "This disgusting sissy-slut used to
    be our brother. She's still a useless worm, but at least now she's prettier
    now." Joanna asked Gina: "Would you like to play with her? Her tits are real,
    not fake and we all know how much you like tits, don't we?" Gina blushed
    as she answered: "No. Really..I. Really..its." "Bullshit." Jocelyn said. "You
    would just love to fondle those jugs. " "Come on." Joanna egged her on. "We'll
    remove her gag so you can kiss her while you play with them." Gina became
    completely mute with embarrassment and tried to look away, but in a matter
    of seconds Jocelyn had removed Denise's gag and ordered her to beg Gina to
    fondle her. "Mistress, please, Mistress," Denise begged. "Mistress, won't
    you please kiss and fondle this useless slave, Mistress." Gina stammered
    something about how what the twins were doing was incest and wrong, but there
    was no conviction in the words as Joanna helped her to her feet and guided
    her to stand in front of Denise. Gina had to bend down to kiss Denise and
    Denise turned her head up towards her and closed her eyes expectantly as
    Gina approached. It was a long time since anyone had kissed Denise and she
    kissed Gina passionately as the tall, black girl began to fondle her tits.
    Denise still held up her skirt. Not being ordered to do otherwise her hands
    stayed in the same position. Gina kissed Denise for long time, her hands
    roaming her body even fondling her member briefly. Her hand came away slick
    with Denise's juice and Gina had felt how Denise's cock strained against
    its cage. As Gina stepped away Denise sighed with disappointment. Gina stared
    at the sissy who looked at her with eyes filled with longing. The eyes begged
    Gina to fuck Denise. Gina finally managed to tear her gaze away and confront
    the twins who stood by laughing a little at Denise.   
The twins moved
    close to Gina. Although she was several inches taller than they were, there
    was no doubt that they were the ones in control. Joanna spoke first: "Gina,
    we think you would just love being a slave." Gina stammered her objections
    but the words were barely audible and her facial expression was not one of
    denial. "The way in which you responded to the filthy slut tells us that
    you are ready. No dominant would have just kissed her and a dominant certainly
    wouldn't have obeyed our order to kiss her without question." "No," Joanna
    continued, "its time you learned your place&hellip;slave." Gina recoiled
    at the word but seemed unable to offer any objections and offered no resistance
    when Jocelyn slapped her face and ordered her to strip. In seconds she stood
    naked before the twins, her head hung low as she sobbed quietly. Joanna ordered
    her to kneel and wait with her hands behind her head while Jocelyn gagged
    Denise and sent her down into the dungeon.   
Gina could not
    believe her own response. She had obeyed the twins without hesitation and
    she found herself completely unable to muster the will and just leave. Instead
    she remained kneeling start naked in the living room while the twins changed
    their clothes. After more than an hour, where they sat in another room watching
    Gina's response over CCTV while Mandy ate their pussies, they returned. Both
    were now dressed for the part of mistress and not college student. They wore
    black, thigh-high stiletto boots with seven-inch heels and black, rubber
    opera gloves and nothing else. They had strapped on their trademark double-ended
    dildos and both had a cat-o-nine-tails in their hand. Without saying a single
    word they began whipping Gina furiously. She screamed and cried but every
    time she tried to cover her front she was scolded an ordered to keep her
    hands behind her head. After almost half an hour she was covered in red welts
    and the twins ordered the sobbing and confused girl to crawl after them,
    down into the dungeon. During the night they whipped her and applied clothespins
    to her tits and labia, as well as a host of other punishments and humiliations.
    They made lick their pussies, their boots and their asses and the broke her
    ass in with their double-ended strap-ons. They didn't tie her up in any way,
    effectively proving to her what a slave-slut she really was. Finally, just
    before dawn, they fucked her pussy, bringing her to a series of glorious
    orgasms. They had made her theirs beyond any doubt. Gina had never felt like
    that before and knew she would never even want to escape the cruel sisters.   
The twins had no
    classes the next day, but Gina did. So they dressed her and sent her off
    to school. They shaved her pussy and inserted a butt plug in her ass and
    a pair of Ben-wa balls in her pussy, before making her wear a thin full-body
    suit made of black rubber. No one could see she was dressed in rubber when
    she wore her regular clothes over the suit, but Gina would feel it all day
    as she was constantly reminded of her new status.   
Within a month
    Gina dropped out. She, who had fought so hard to get a scholarship, lost
    her ability to concentrate on anything but her new status as a slave. Her
    every waking thought revolved around the twins and how to please them. She
    also lost the part-time job she had on the side and was finally evicted from
    her small apartment. Just as the twins had planned she wound up in their
    dungeon. Gina proved to have an immense capacity and craving for pain as
    well as a deep desire to be humiliated. This triggered Jocelyn in a big way
    and most nights Gina spent screaming in agony. Jocelyn used Gina to find
    out for how long she could keep someone in constant pain. She fitted her
    with all the needles and electrodes her body would hold and devised a strategy
    whereby the pain would constantly shift from one part of her body to the
    next, so that she would never grow accustomed to the pain. After five days
    Jocelyn shut off the machine when it looked like Gina would die from exhaustion
    and after that session Gina was reduced to tremors of fear mixed with lust
    whenever Jocelyn got near her. She ended up as a special kind dog girl. The
    twins found it very satisfying to have the tall girl crawl around on all
    fours and made her wear a special doggy suit all the time. The suit was made
    of pink rubber and left only her head free. Her arms and legs were doubled
    up leaving her to walk on elbows and knees. Her feet were put into ballet-toed
    boots with no heels and they pointed straight up when she crawled around.
    Her ass was of course stuffed with a huge dildo, which had a little tail
    attached to its end. She was shaved completely bald and her tongue was pierced,
    a steel grommet inserted into the hole and a very sturdy metal ring was inserted
    in the tongue. From the ring hung a round, two pound steel ball preventing
    her from pulling her tongue back into her mouth as well as talking. This
    also made her drool rather copiously. Joanna trained her and after training
    had finished she was made to follow Jocelyn around as her handy little pain
    puppy, always ready for a round of intense torture. Ever since the marathon
    session Gina's world had been completely dominated by Jocelyn and following
    her around was a constant trigger for both her libido and her fear. The combination
    drove her wild and in time also out of her mind. After a few years she became
    like Mandy, or Golden Fury as she was now called. She lost many of her human
    skills, like reading and understanding sentences more complicated than: "Bad
    dog." or "Fetch" or "Lick pussy." Jocelyn had not changed her name to something
    more "dog-like", but it lost all human meaning to Gina who just followed
    her owner around, no longer able to stand upright or use her arms and hands,
    her life now reduced to obedience and pain. Sexual satisfaction was only
    in the cards if there was a real dog in the house and it wanted to fuck her.
    One of the twins' friends had a very large Rottweiler, Brutus, which took
    a fancy to Gina. She was scared to death the first time, but she actually
    came as it entered her. From then on she looked forward to Brutus' coming
    with eager anticipation, as it was the only sex she ever got. Not only was
    it sex, it was also painful and very humiliating, the most exciting combination
    in the world for Gina.   
Denise missed one
    thing during her stay with the twins. She had hoped that she would get a
    chance to fuck Tammy, the sissy-whore who had once been her father. It never
    happened and the reason for this was that Tammy's earning had declined soon
    after Denise had been shipped off for her final year at the academy. She
    had begun looking too worn for most of the clients and the demand for her
    services dropped. It filled Tammy with panic, but there was nothing she could
    do about it. They clients she did have were increasingly brutal, further
    degrading her looks until interest in her all but disappeared. Finally one
    day she was escorted to a customer by one of Master Antwan's enforcers. As
    the door opened and she was pushed inside, she saw that the customer was
    the woman in whose dungeon she had seen the pictures of the dead slaves,
    a picture of Francine among them. Suddenly Tammy knew what was going to happen
    and she tried begging and pleading with the enforcer. But it was no use.
    He helped the woman tie Tammy up before leaving her with the evil woman,
    who obviously enjoyed that Tammy knew what was going to happen. After a two-day
    torture session Tammy had her picture taken and it was put on the wall together
    with Francine's. In the picture she looked much the same as Francine because
    many of the same things had been done to her.   
Over time it became
    more and more clear that the twins were primarily interested in female slaves
    and that Denise was an anomaly, and that she was kept as their slave only
    because she had once been their brother. She had been with the twins for
    more than a year and a half when the twins finally tired of her. In all that
    time Denise's daily routine hadn't changed and it very rarely varied even
    slightly. It had been more than two years since she had last been allowed
    to cum and even if the twins' desire to tease her cock without letting her
    cum had abated of late, she still spent her days in a state of permanent
    arousal, changing her soaking napkins four time a day now.   
One evening she
    was called into the dungeon where she found the twins waiting in the company
    of Mistress Rachel and Master Tony. Denise threw herself down and crawled
    over to kiss the feet of her Mistresses and Master. Jocelyn gave the order
    after releasing Denise from her chains: "Strip." A few moments later Denise
    stood clad only in her shoes, corset and collar. "We've grown tired of you
    Denise." Joanna said. "That pathetic little thing between your legs disgusts
    us." Jocelyn continued. "So we've decided to sell you while you'll still
    fetch a reasonable price." Joanna finished. Denise was completely shocked
    and soon began crying. She shouldn't have been the least bit surprised, but
    she was. All the signs had been there for her to read, but Denise's bimbo
    brain could only handle so much and her primary focus was obedience. She
    had been trained to obey any order given to her and leave the thinking to
    her mistress or master, so now the news that she was being sold took her
    completely by surprise.   
The end of her
    stay with her family was short and, for Denise at least, sad. As a parting
    gift the crying sissy-slave was allowed to eat her Mistresses' pussies and
    blow Master Tony. When she had swallowed Master Tony's jism, her remaining
    clothes were removed so that she now only wore her chastity device. This
    meant that she couldn't stand, since she could now only stand on her feet
    when wearing heel of six inches or higher as her Achilles tendon had shortened
    and her feet had been in high-heeled shoes day and night for so long that
    standing without shoes, even on her toes, was out of the question. She crawled
    over to a surprisingly small wooden crate standing in the corner of the room.
    Before being placed in it, she was readied for the trip. Joanna ordered her
    to drink a very large amount of some sweet tasting liquid before gagging
    her with a very long penis gag extending far down into her throat, allowing
    her to breathe only through a small hole running down its length. She was
    diapered and a long rubber tube was inserted in the hole in her gag and she
    was ordered to crawl onto a large piece of thick, black rubber. Here she
    was made to sit back on her heels before doubling over so that her head rested
    against her knees and her hands were behind her neck. Now that she had assumed
    this balled up position, the rubber was folded over her, creating a black,
    rubber ball from which only her breathing tube stuck out. No straps held
    the ball together, but none were needed as the twins took what was effectively
    industrial sized hairdryers and applied scorching hot air to the surface
    of the rubber. The inside of Denise's cocoon became unbearably hot as the
    rubber began to shrink and harden around her. Denise tried to scream as the
    almost burning hot rubber pulled together around her, sealing her inside
    a cocoon so small and hard that she barely had space to breathe, but no sound
    came as her gag blocked her vocal cords. After a few minutes she was picked
    up and laid down into the box. Her breathing tube was connected to a hole
    in the crate, which was then filled up with shock absorbing material and
    nailed shut. Denise could neither hear nor see and the only thing she felt
    was the ever-increasing discomfort of her cramped position. After a few hours
    she panicked and tried to scream and thrash, but she was able to do neither
    due to her gag and her cocoon. After trying to thrash for what seemed like
    forever, her strength ran out and she couldn't get enough air through the
    tube to continue fighting. She passed into a state somewhere between dream
    and reality, filled with nightmares about being buried alive or dying from
    asphyxiation with a plastic bag over her head. She had no idea for how long
    she stayed in the box. She had been given enough drink to last for a couple
    of days, but she stayed in the box long enough to begin feeling a terrible
    thirst. Her drink before being sealed in the box also meant that she soon
    filled her diaper with piss and that she could feel a terribly annoying diaper
    rash coming on without being able to do anything about it. Denise was so
    exhausted that when she was finally lifted out of the crate she thought that
    it was a dream. But it wasn't. She felt the rubber being cut away and cold,
    fresh air touching her skin, making her shiver from the cold. As her eyes
    adjusted to the light she saw her new owners standing over her: A huge man
    with curly brown hair, blue eyes and a moustache and a petite, platinum blonde
    woman. They looked familiar to Denise but she didn't have the energy to think
    about it and instead slipped into unconsciousness.  
Chapter 10   
When Denise came
    to she was lying in bed. She had been washed and she could no longer feel
    the annoying diaper rash. In fact she felt fine, clean and well rested. On
    her feet were what turned out to be black Oxfords with seven-inch heels.
    Her ankles were in steel cuffs and connected by a eight-inch chain as were
    her wrists and her waist was encircled by a corset, compressing it down to
    fifteen inches with a four-inch pipe stem and her neck was encircled by a
    steel collar, which was chained to the headboard of the bed she lay in. Had
    it not been for the comfortable bed Denise might as well have been at home
    with the twins. But she clearly wasn't. The room she lay in was tiny and
    had no windows and was illuminated by a naked light-bulb hanging down from
    the ceiling. The room had a heavy door, which Denise probably would have
    found to be locked, had she been able to get out of bed. The room was covered
    by no less than four video cameras. Since she couldn't get up she just lay
    back and waited to see what would happen. In any case she was too well conditioned
    to go exploring. Denise knew that she would have to wait for her new owners
    to take control.   
She didn't have
    to wait for very long before they turned up. The door opened and in came
    an absolutely beautiful platinum-blonde girl, who Denise recognized as Yvonne,
    her fellow slave from the academy. Yvonne was obviously happy to see her
    and ran over to sit on her bed. Yvonne definitely didn't look like a slave
    anymore. Her hair was long, flowing down over her shoulders, but had the
    look of having been cut at an expensive hairdresser. She wore a very sexy
    dress made from green silk, with a plunging neckline accentuating her perfect
    breasts. The dress was clearly a designer piece as were the matching green
    shoes with six-inch heels. Yvonne wore expensive jewelry: diamond earrings,
    a pearl necklace, a fine designer gold watch and on her fingers were several
    gold and diamond rings. It looked like Yvonne was no longer a slave. Following
    Yvonne into the cell came Master Richard. He looked just like Denise remembered
    him: A huge and desperately handsome man with curly brown hair, blue eyes
    and a moustache. He too was dressed in expensive designer clothes, a dark
    blue suit, white shirt and a discrete tie. Everything about the couple spelled
    wealth.   
Yvonne stroked
    Denise's hair as she excitedly said to Denise: "Oh, I'm so glad to see you
    Denise. You look wonderful. How are you?" Denise was unsure of how to address
    Yvonne, since she didn't know if Yvonne was a slave or not, but she decided
    that she had better play it safe. "Mistress, please, Mistress. Mistress,
    I'm fine, thank you very much, Mistress," she answered. Yvonne looked very
    pleased at being called Mistress and turned smiling to Master Richard and
    said: "See Richard? She is so well trained. Denise will be the perfect maid." Master
    Richard smiled down at Yvonne and patted her head as he said: "Of course
    she will, dear. Of course she will." Yvonne turned to Denise again and explained: "I'm
    Richard's lover now. He treats me ever so nice; just like a real lady. He
    never ties me up or beats me and he always gives me the nicest things. Like
    you! Richard has promised that you'll be my slave maid now. It'll be ever
    so nice, don't you think?" Denise did think that it sounded nice: "Mistress,
    yes, Mistress. Mistress, that sounds wonderful, Mistress. Master, thank you
    so much, Master," she said, directing her thanks at Master Richard. Master
    Richard acknowledged her thanks with a slight nod before speaking: "You will
    go through some changes as you assume your new role, but they will be relatively
    minor." Denise thanked them both again and her life with her new owners began.   
Several things
    turned out to be somewhat different than Denise had been told in the basement.
    First of all Yvonne's position was not quite the one she had told Denise.
    It was true that Master Richard treated her as a girlfriend or wife in most
    respects. He made sure she was always dressed in the finest and most feminine
    designer clothes and wore matching jewelry, that her hair was always perfectly
    coiffed. He took her out shopping at least once a week and Yvonne spent a
    great deal of time reading fashion and lifestyle magazines. Master Richard
    took her out dinner at expensive restaurants, took her to concerts, museums
    and even out dancing at the hottest nightspots. She was never tied up and
    never punished and he had straight sex with her at least once a day. But
    there was a catch. Yvonne was never-ever allowed to cum. Her member stayed
    inside its chastity tube and no matter how much she begged and pleaded, he
    wouldn't allow her to cum. Once a day he removed the tube so that her member
    could be cleaned. On these occasions Yvonne stood with her hands behind her
    head as he first cleaned her cock and then began to play with it. He could
    keep her on the edge for hours without letting her cum, reducing her to tears
    before putting her back in the tube. During the almost two years Yvonne had
    been with Master Richard she had not cum once. Furthermore Yvonne never had
    any cash on her and never had a credit card or keys to unlock any door in
    the house. When Denise assumed the role of Yvonne's slave, Yvonne didn't
    even have the keys to Denise's chains. Although she might fool herself and
    the casual observer, there was no getting around the fact that she was still
    just a slave.   
As for Denise,
    the "minor changes" she had to go through made her wonder what would constitute
    a major change for Master Richard. Denise's teeth were all removed so that
    she would be able to provide perfectly smooth blowjobs, and her lips were
    enlarged to make up for the lack of teeth. Her waist, already a very respectable
    fifteen inches with a four-inch pipe stem, was further compressed. When the
    compression was over, her waist was a mere twelve inches with seven-inch
    pipe stem. Finally her tits were enlarged. When the hormonal breast enlargement
    was over, Denise's had a pair 70EE tits with nipples almost an inch long.
    Her new tits and the fact that Master Richard insisted she walk in eight-inch
    heels meant that Denise almost had to learn how to walk anew.   
She was also dressed
    differently than before. On her feet were black plastic boots, ankle high
    with ultra-thin eight-inch heels. The boots were completely stiff and at
    least one size smaller than anything Denise had previously worn. Even for
    Denise, who was used to very restrictive footwear, the boots were pure murder
    on her feet and it took months before she got used to them. Her ankles were
    cuffed with shiny steel shackles and connected by a seven-inch steel chain,
    forcing her to take tiny little mincing steps. As always her ass was packed
    with a huge butt plug and her chastised member was pulled between her legs,
    covered with a sanitary napkin before being tucked away behind a pair of
    black, rubber panties. She had no real uniform, only a micro skirt made from
    black rubber, clinging tightly to her full ass and hips. It started just
    above her panty line and ended at her waist from where her corset stuck out
    of the micro skirt, ending just below her now enormous tits. To support the
    massive tits she wore a bra-like arrangement. Except it would have been more
    appropriate to call it a shelf. It was a ring made of black plastic encircling
    her body just below her breasts and on this ring were two plastic shelves,
    molded to support each of her massive udders. The shelves were connected
    between her tits and on the sides were rubber straps going over her shoulders
    to the back of the plastic ring, thus acting as a kind of bra. Denise's wrists
    were fitted with similar shackles to the ones on her feet and, like her feet,
    connected by a seven-inch chain. Encircling her neck was broad collar made
    of steel and in her mouth was a pump gag, its inflation ball always swinging
    from the eight-inch rubber tube connecting it to the gag itself. The inflation
    ball was special in that it had a small lock over the deflation valve, preventing
    anyone who didn't have the key from freeing Denise's mouth.   
Denise wore her
    outfit all day and all night. Only parts of it came off for a very short
    period each morning as the old outfit was removed and she was fitted with
    a new one just like it.   
As it had been
    when the twins had owned her and as it had been when Mistress Rachel had
    owned her, Denise's took care of almost everything in the house: cooking,
    cleaning, laundry and so forth. Denise slept in a small cupboard-like hole
    in the wall of the house's master bedroom. It was so small that she could
    only fit in there if she crawled in and curled into a ball and it took some
    time before even she, who was used to very cramped spaces, got used to sleeping
    in it. Not that she got much sleep. Her tiny cell opened both into the bedroom
    and into the hallway on the other side of the wall. If her services were
    required in the bedroom it was opened to that side, and in all other cases
    it opened to the hallway.   
Every morning Denise
    rose more than two hours before Master Richard and Yvonne. She went down
    into the basement, where her special bath- and dressing room was. It was
    only the size of a small closet, but it was just big enough to accommodate
    what went on inside it. Before entering Denise removed her micro skirt and
    her panties as well as the sanitary napkin and the butt plug. She then threw
    them in a hamper for her dirty clothes and entered the closet. Once inside
    Denise sat down and removed her boots. She had to sit down since her bare
    feet were no good for standing. By now they had assumed the shape of the
    boots she wore and her toes were no longer able to even wriggle properly.
    When she tried they only twitched a little. Standing on her knees with her
    ass over a depression in the floor she would give herself five enemas, each
    one big enough to make her gasp for breath. After the enemas she turned on
    the water and took a shower using only cold water; a useless slave like herself
    had no right to warm water. After toweling herself dry, she would crawl out
    of the closet and put on fresh clothes; clean boots, clean micro skirt, clean
    panties and a new sanitary napkin. Her outfit was now complete, except for
    her gag, which wasn't fitted until after breakfast. Denise now set about
    preparing this for her Master and Mistress.   
Her steel collar
    and shackles and her corset only came off once a week and for this she needed
    Master Richard's help.   
As she minced between
    the kitchen and the dining room she could usually hear Master Richard fucking
    Yvonne furiously right before breakfast time. Yvonne loved the ass-fuckings,
    but they frustrated her terribly as well. Yvonne loved every little touch
    by her Master and being fucked was not only a pleasure; it was an honor.
    But being fucked up the ass was also the closest she ever came to sexual
    release. Master Richard's magnificent cock would pound her in just the right
    way to make her shoot her load no matter if she wore her chastity device
    or not, but he always sensed when she was about to cum and pulled away, letting
    her suck his dick until he came.   
When Master Richard
    had gotten his morning fuck, they would both put on bathrobes and have breakfast
    in the dining room. Here Denise would wait obediently for them by the table,
    which was always set precisely according to Master Richard's instructions.
    Denise was never punished for performing her duties poorly. Performing her
    duties to the letter, no matter the cost or effort was a lesson she had learned
    long ago. Yvonne always ate her breakfast as quickly as she could, just as
    Master Richard had ordered her too. In any case she was always on a diet
    to keep her figure, so there was never much to eat. When she had finished
    she stood up right next to Master Richard's chair. Yvonne would then put
    her hands behind her head and keep them there until breakfast was over. She
    would be dressed in her sleeping boots only; a pair of white, leather ankle
    boots with six-inch heels. Like Denise, Yvonne was unable to stand or walk
    without high-heels. Master Richard would then release her member from the
    chastity tube and this always caused Yvonne to moan with desire as it instantly
    sprang to life, becoming rock-hard in a second.   
While Yvonne ate
    her breakfast, Denise performed another function for Master Richard. She
    leaned in over the table as far she could without falling over and he would
    fit suction cups to her massive tits. The suction cups covered most of her
    tits and were able to massage them. They were connected to a milking machine,
    which would start up and a combination of milking and massage would produce
    all the milk needed for Master Richard's breakfast and enough for a glass
    of milk he insisted Yvonne drink before taking up position. The milking was
    intensely pleasurable for Denise and it made her moan with pleasure as she
    stood swaying gently with closed eyes.   
When Yvonne assumed
    her position next to Master Richard's chair, the milking was over and Denise
    would take her place in the morning ritual. She would kneel down in front
    of Yvonne and after cleaning Yvonne's cock, she would use her fingers and
    her talented mouth she to keep Yvonne at the very edge of cuming for the
    next hour or so as Master Richard read his newspaper. In a matter of minutes
    Yvonne would begin begging and soon she would be crying and pleading, tears
    of frustration rolling down her cheeks. But there would be no release. Master
    Richard's orders to Denise were quite clear on this point: Yvonne was never-ever
    to cum. If Yvonne ever came at the hands of Denise, Denise should count herself
    lucky if she was only punished for a month without pause. Denise had believed
    him and was terrified of making Yvonne cum, but on the other hand he had
    been just as clear when he ordered that Yvonne be kept on the very edge.   
Master Richard
    seemed to regard the crying and pleading as sweet music and continued reading
    his paper. When he had finished his reading he would hand Denise and icepack
    and she would use it to shrink Yvonne's cock before fitting her with her
    chastity device. Then Yvonne was required to pay attention as Denise crawled
    between Master Richard's legs and gave him a blowjob. For Yvonne it was intensely
    humiliating to see another sissy have sex with her lover and master. Master
    Richard loved humiliating Yvonne. He had turned Yvonne into an elegant sissy,
    a very sexy and perfectly dressed, perfectly proportioned and perfectly well
    behaved lady. For the same reason he had turned Denise into what was in many
    ways the exact opposite of Yvonne. Her dress was slutty at best; her bodily
    proportions were grotesque, if very sexy, and her behavior was that of the
    lowest, if most obedient, sex slave. This made it all the more humiliating
    for Yvonne to watch when he had sex with Denise.   
Breakfast over
    Denise would be fitted with her gag, which would always be pumped up until
    she thought that her head would explode, before clearing the table and doing
    the dishes. Meanwhile Yvonne would help Master Richard with his morning toilette.
    Yvonne would assist him in every aspect of his morning toilette, even wiping
    his ass after he had used the toilet.   
The two slaves
    would then stand at attention at the door, seeing their master off. When
    Master Richard had left it was time for Yvonne's morning toilette, where
    she would take her frustration out on Denise.   
When Denise had
    originally arrived Yvonne had been thrilled. She was going to see her old
    friend again and not only that; she would keep her a slave. Yvonne thought
    that it would great fun and had envisioned something far less demanding for
    Denise; more like girlfriends giggling while one of them cleaned and cooked
    and the other occasionally punished her lightly for some imaginary infraction.
    Yvonne had also thought that Denise's arrival signaled that she, Yvonne,
    was being rewarded for being such a good girl and that she might now finally
    be allowed to cum once in a while.   
Instead the opposite
    had happened. Denise had been thrown into harsh and demanding slavery and
    was always gagged when they were alone so there was no chatting between the
    friends. Denise's arrival also signaled that Master Richard's constant denial
    of Yvonne's orgasms was stepped up further and Yvonne now was even more sexually
    frustrated than before, something she had sworn was impossible. As time went
    on Yvonne became more and more frustrated and she had to take it out on someone
    and that someone could only be Denise; there was no one else around. Every
    morning after Master Richard had left, Denise would help Yvonne bathe, do
    her hair and make-up and dress, and every morning all she got for it was
    a constant stream of abuse usually ending with Yvonne spanking her ass with
    a hairbrush.   
During the day
    Yvonne worked only to stay attractive to Master Richard. She would work out
    on the Stairmaster to keep her body in shape. She would sunbathe if the weather
    was fine, so she was nicely tanned. She would read fashion magazine and spend
    endless hours trying on her clothes and jewelry in new combinations, preening
    in front of the mirror. Yvonne's whole life consisted in looking good for
    Master Richard.   
Denise, on the
    other hand, worked hard all day at keeping the house nice and clean and insuring
    that everything was in perfect order. She would also make preparations for
    dinner, the menu having been determined in advance by Master Richard. A couple
    of time each day she would be interrupted by Yvonne, who would either spank
    her ass or tits or simply hurl abuse at her.   
Their relationship
    didn't improve as a result of the evening activities. Every evening, while
    Master Richard and Yvonne relaxed on the living room couch, Denise would
    perform a little ritual, as per Master Richard's instructions. First Master
    Richard would release Yvonne's cock, ordering her to keep her hands behind
    her head. Then Denise would kneel down between Yvonne's legs and do the same
    thing she did in the morning. She would keep Yvonne on the edge until Master
    Richard told her to stop. It was not unusual for Master Richard to watch
    an entire movie while Denise tortured Yvonne this way, and Yvonne would invariably
    be reduced to a tearful, begging wreck when Denise was finally ordered to
    halt and once more secure Yvonne's member inside her chastity tube.   
Then Denise would
    spread a little piece of plastic on the carpeted floor right in front of
    Yvonne. She would stand before Master Richard who would then release her
    own imprisoned member. Denise was always horny and her member became hard
    and throbbing in no time at all. Having had her member released, she would
    then mince over the piece of plastic she had spread out on the floor and
    kneel down on it. Master Richard would then hand her a whiskey glass and
    order her to begin, while checking that Yvonne was not looking away. Master
    Richard insisted that Yvonne and Denise kept eye contact the whole time during
    the next part. Denise would begin masturbating and soon she would be moaning
    with pleasure behind her gag, her eyes barely able to focus she came screaming
    with pleasure while trying to maintain eye contact with Yvonne. Denise would
    be very careful that her semen ended up in the whiskey glass. After cuming
    she would usually need a second before being able to continue. Then she would
    masturbate again, again making sure that her sperm ended up in the glass.
    She would continue like this until the glass was full. She was helped by
    the fact that the hormonal treatments she had received had increased her
    sperm production greatly, but it still took quite a few orgasms before the
    glass was filled. Yvonne was forced to watch it all, her face turning sick
    with envy. When the glass was filled Denise would hand it to Yvonne and Master
    Richard would watch as she drank, making sure that she drank every last drop
    of semen. Then he would lock Denise's now very tender member up again. Before
    going to sleep Master Richard would have a fuck or two. Sometimes with Yvonne,
    listening to her beg for the orgasm she would never receive and sometimes
    with Denise, Yvonne watching jealously. Either way it was always fantastic
    for Master Richard.   
Life went on like
    this in Master Richard's house for a little more than a year, with the two
    sissies quietly competing for their master's attention. It was hard to determine
    who was the more fortunate of the two, Yvonne or Denise. Yvonne had many
    of the privileges of a normal girl, but was constantly teased and denied
    even the smallest measure of sexual release, her life being spent in eternal
    frustration. Denise lived the harsh and demanding life of a sissy-slave with
    a grotesquely sexy body, but she was allowed to cum several times each day.
    Each wanted the other's privileges, but was unable to get them.   
After a year Master
    Richard decided that two sissy-slaves in the household was inadequate and
    that capturing training a new one would be fun. One evening Yvonne was told
    to bring Denise down in to the basement. Yvonne attached a leash to Denise's
    collar and dragged her down the stairs. Denise almost fell several times
    as she experienced great difficulty in keeping up, her steps being as tiny
    as they were. They entered the small basement room where Denise had woken
    up after arriving at Master Richard's over a year ago. Master Richard stood
    inside the cell, stooping over a large leather sack, which was moving, muffled
    sounds coming from the inside. He looked at Yvonne and Denise and said: "Meet
    your new fellow sissy-slave." He reached into the sack and pulled out the
    person inside. "This is Consuela." The person inside was a Hispanic looking
    boy of about nineteen. He was not very tall, very slight of build but looked
    only slightly feminine. He did look very scared. His hands were tied behind
    his back and his legs were tied together at the knees and ankles and he was
    gagged with a large, red ball-gag. Also a piece of rope had been tied around
    his genitals and tightened, so that his cock and balls were now swollen and
    bluish. Master Richard continued speaking to Yvonne and Denise: "You two
    will assist in training the slut both before and after her visit to Dr. Jacobsen." Both
    Yvonne and Denise shuddered involuntarily at the mention of the evil doctor.   
As the two trained
    sissies watched Master Richard prepared Consuela for her new life. Neither
    Yvonne nor Denise ever found out what her original name had been, since Consuela
    was kept securely gagged until her voice had been fixed and by then she was
    well on her way to becoming the same kind of sissy-slut as they were. Master
    Richard untied Consuela's hands and retied them in front of her body before
    securing them to a chain hanging down from the ceiling. Consuela fought against
    Master Richard, but his superior strength meant that her futile attempts
    just looked ridiculous. Soon she was hanging from the ceiling by her wrists.
    After freeing her legs and retying them far apart, Master Richard then rubbed
    her entire body and her face below the eyebrows in foul-smelling goo, which
    insured that she would never grow hair on those parts of her body again.
    He washed the goo off before administering a series of five enemas, which
    made the poor unwilling sissy cry with pain and humiliation and when it was
    over she hung limply in her bonds. Master Richard now called the two other
    sissies into action and instructed them to dress the bitch properly. Assisted
    by Denise, Yvonne dressed Consuela who was far from willing, but who stopped
    resisting when Master Richard threatened to give her another round of enemas
    if she didn't behave properly. When Yvonne had finished Consuela looked a
    lot more feminine. A red leather corset, extending from just above her hips
    to her armpits, constricted her waist. Her legs were clad in black, rubber
    stockings, squeezing her legs into a more feminine shape. On her feet were
    ankle-high, red leather boots with six-inch stilettos. A red leather collar
    encircled her neck. Her hair, which had been longish, was now cut in a quite
    feminine fashion and Yvonne had applied discrete, yet very feminine make-up
    to her face. All in all she looked quite sexy. Master Richard obviously thought
    so. He untied her arms and retied them in an armbinder made from red leather
    and removed her gag. Consuela started to plead in squeaky voice with a slight
    New York accent. The pleading stopped as Master Richard grabbed her and brought
    her face close to his own and kissed her deeply. The kissing went on for
    a long time as Master Richard's hands roamed Consuela's defenseless body.
    Consuela might not like being a captive, but she certainly wasn't averse
    to being kissed by another man. After a minute of kissing she started to
    kiss Master Richard back and gradually her cock became rock-hard. As they
    kissed Master Richard began to manipulate Consuela's member until her hips
    were doing thrusting movements and a needy whimpering was heard from her
    throat. Just as she was about to cum, he pulled his hand away and Consuela's
    whimpering increased in volume as her thrusting became more desperate. Consuela
    looked more disappointed than frightened as Master Richard pulled away from
    the kiss, forced a very large ring-gag into her mouth and pushed her down
    on her knees. Taking out his huge cock and grabbing her hair so she couldn't
    pull away he then forced Consuela to blow him. Yvonne and Denise watched
    enviously as Consuela struggled to swallow all of Master Richard's cum. She
    didn't quite manage and a stream of semen ran down her chin. Master Richard,
    however, did not pull away after cuming. Instead he made Consuela suck him
    gently until he was hard again. The he pulled her to her feet, took out a
    tube of jelly and lubed up her ass and his cock. Consuela had obviously enjoyed
    blowing him as her cock was still erect with a small amount of pre-cum on
    the tip, but the prospect of having Master Richard's huge cock rammed up
    her ass clearly scared her. She began to plead in a gurgling voice and as
    she realized that her protest wouldn't do any good, she began to cry. None
    of it helped as he turned her around and lifted her up and guided her down
    on his erect member. Her crying turned into gasping as she slid down on the
    cock and the gasping turned into breathless crying as she felt Master Richard's
    cock almost splitting her apart. When Master Richard's cock was all the way
    in, Consuela's high-heeled boots dangled almost a foot and a half above the
    floor. On her face was painted shock and pain, but her cock was still hard
    as he began to pump her up and down. As he fucked her, Master Richard held
    her with one hand around her body, while the other began stroking Consuela's
    member. Before long she was moaning with both pleasure and pain and after
    a few minutes she came with a girlish shriek, shooting her load on the floor.
    While still fucking Consuela, Master Richard ordered Yvonne to lick up Consuela's
    sperm from the floor. Yvonne was terribly envious and terribly humiliated
    to be treated in that way, but there was no hesitation as she obeyed his
    order and dropped to her knees and began licking the floor clean.   
A new routine was
    enforced in the household for the next couple of weeks. Denise would still
    handle all of her old duties, but now she also had to see to Consuela as
    well. Master Richard took care of all her training, administering punishment
    when Yvonne or Denise reported poor behavior or performance. Yvonne was required
    to take care of her dress and make-up, teaching her how to apply it along
    the way. Denise took care of giving Consuela her hormone shots and making
    sure she became addicted to sex. Three times during the day and once just
    before bedtime, Denise would enter Consuela's cell. Consuela was kept tied
    up, her hands in mittens, which were secured to her collar and she was gagged.
    She now wore a corset all the time and on her feet were always black, ankle-high
    leather boots with six-inch heels, but her member was left free and as she
    began to enjoy her position more and more the periods where her member was
    not erect gradually disappeared. Consuela went through a rapid transformation
    in her feelings towards Denise. The first few times Denise came to give her
    the four shots, one to each tit and one in each butt-cheek, she resisted,
    but this stopped after she was punished by Master Richard. After that she
    would stand obediently still as Denise performed her duties, her eyes silently
    hating Denise. Finally she would stand waiting eagerly for Denise, her eyes
    signaling love and lust for her. The reason for the change was not the hormone
    shots. The reason was what happened after Denise had administered the shots.
    When Denise had put away the syringes, she would tale Consuela's member in
    her hands and give her a series of not less than four hand-jobs. Consuela
    became completely addicted to Denise's touch, so much so that she moaned
    with pleasure even when Denise touched her to giver her the shots.   
Consuela soon began
    to grow small tits and her behavior became markedly feminine. After about
    five weeks Master Richard sent her off to Dr. Jacobsen's clinic to have her
    voice fixed, her Adam's apple removed and her hands and feet reduced in size.
    Two months later she returned. Her figure was now very feminine with full
    hips and a nice round ass. Her lips were red an inviting and her tits had
    grown to size 46DD. Consuela's voice had also become light and feminine.
    Not that it was heard very much because she was thrust into the same role
    as Denise as the almost permanently gagged slave-maid. Her outfit was the
    same as Denise's and her duties were the same and she slept in a closet-like
    cell right next to Denise's. In time her tits became just as enormous as
    Denise's. All traces of masculinity had been removed, except for her member,
    which was now held in a chastity tube just like Denise's.   
While Denise's
    duties became lighter now that they were two to perform the work, Yvonne's
    plight became harder. She now had two other sissies to compete with for Master
    Richard's affection and her enforced sexual abstinence, now into its fourth
    year without an orgasm, became harder to bear. At breakfast she now had two
    sissies to torment her and the evening ritual became completely unbearable.
    First the two others would keep her on the edge for as long as Master Richard
    commanded and then it was time for their orgasms. And here the ritual had
    changed for the worse, at least as far as Yvonne was concerned. Now Consuela
    and Denise would kneel side by side after having their members released,
    their hands clasped behind their necks, in front of Master Richard who would
    signal for Yvonne to start. She now two glasses to fill, first manipulating
    one sissy, then the other, until they came. The semen from the sissies was
    collected in their respective glasses, which Master Richard had made sure
    were now larger than before. Yvonne would still be required to keep eye contact
    as she jerked them off and after having filled the glasses to the rim, she
    would still have to drink all of the semen. It was both terribly frustrating
    and terribly humiliating. Yvonne hated it. Master Richard loved it. It had
    another, for Yvonne, unwanted side effect. The two sissies now became very
    affectionate towards her, always touching her gently, trying to be nice.
    They of course loved the orgasms and loved their mistress for them, and they
    tried to show it. This made it harder for Yvonne to hate them, making it
    harder for her to take her frustration out on them. Having no outlet for
    her anger and frustration anymore, she became even more frustrated and she
    entered a vicious circle. Some days she would now cry all day long and other
    days she would rub against everything as if trying to get off. Needless to
    say this just made Master Richard happier.   
Another year went
    by like this, Denise mostly satisfied with her position but still having
    dreams, or nightmares if you will, about Regina von Kaltenbrunner. After
    a year Master Richard decided that he needed one more sissy-slave and what
    had happened to Consuela repeated itself. The victim this time was turned
    into yet another big-titted sissy named Mary. Mary's skin was so dark that
    it was almost blue. Master Richard kept her bald unlike the other sissies
    and it was easy to understand why. Mary was very beautiful with almost regal
    features and her bald skull accentuated these features. Her arrival of course
    only worsened Yvonne's position, giving her more sissy-cock to milk at nighttime
    and increasing her frustration.   
For a time things
    settled into the usual routine, but soon Master Richard wanted yet another
    new sissy as he enjoyed the transformation process immensely. But having
    four sissy maids in his household was too much and one had to go. Since Denise
    had been the first maid to arrive, she was the first to go. Master Richard
    had a lot of connections and finding a buyer for a well trained and unspoiled
    sissy with a huge set of tits was no problem. Wearing only her high-heeled
    boots, her corset and her chastity device, Denise was gagged and hooded before
    being put into a straightjacket. A collar was put around her neck and a leash
    attached to it and without any fanfare or ceremony she was led out of the
    house, dumped in the trunk of a car and driven off to her new owners. Just
    before the hood shut off her sight, she glimpsed Yvonne looking at her, her
    face filled with misery both at loosing Denise and at her own predicament.   
Yvonne was Master
    Richard's little sissy "girlfriend" for another six years before he replaced
    her. By that time her face had acquired a permanently pained look due to
    her constant frustration and gray hairs had begun to show up in her beautiful
    platinum hair. Since Yvonne had originally been Master Richard's nephew and
    she had been his first real sissy-slave, he didn't just want to sell her.
    Instead he kept her as matron of the house. She was moved one rung down the
    ladder, but was not reduced to being one of the big-titted freaks he kept
    as maids, although she would probably have preferred to be as would have
    meant that she would be allowed to cum regularly. She was just as severely
    corseted as the maids, her ass was packed with a large butt-plug and she
    was made to wear the same brutally restrictive boots as the maids, but her
    tits were not enlarged. Instead her hair was pulled back in a tight bun and
    she was fitted with a rubber uniform with a decidedly old-fashioned cut.
    Made entirely from black rubber with lacy, white rubber edges, it consisted
    of a narrow skirt going all the way down to the ground and a high-necked
    and long-sleeved shirt. It made her look like a fetish edition of a Victorian
    matron. She didn't wear any chains, but her skirt was so narrow that her
    steps were just as restricted as those of the maids. While another pretty
    little sissy was sent of to The Kaltenbrunner Academy to come back to take
    her place, things changed surprisingly little for Yvonne, who was now referred
    to as "Matron". She was still forbidden to cum &ndash; ever. And each day
    she went through two frustrating and humiliating rituals were she was teased
    and kept at the very edge of cuming by the maids. Since there were now three
    maids in the house, there was also cum enough for both her and her replacement,
    so the nightly milking ritual remained unchanged for Yvonne. She lived out
    her life as Master Richard's slave, not cuming even once before dying prematurely
    of a stroke some twenty years after being demoted to matron, worn out by
    the constant sexual frustration of never being allowed to cum. By then Master
    Richard had shortened the cycle and was on the fourth replacement for Yvonne.  
Chapter 11   
Denise lay in the
    trunk of the car, her legs tied together with rubber straps waiting patiently
    to see what would become of her. She had long since relinquished all control
    over her own life and knowing that she was just useless sissy-slut made it
    easy to accept that whatever was done to her was probably just what she had
    deserved. She idly wondered when Regina von Kaltenbrunner would find and
    buy her.   
The drive took
    quite a while, Denise sleeping most of the way inside her rubber prison.
    Finally she was lifted out of the trunk by strong arms and carried some distance
    before being thrown rather unceremoniously on the floor. Her hood was removed
    and after adjusting to the light she could see her new owners. Her new owners
    were two women. The one closest to her, who turned out to be called Roxy,
    was an extremely muscular woman with dark, curly hair and a slightly dark
    complexion. She wore a tight, black top and a black leather mini skirt and
    on her feet were military style black boots. Her whole body bulged with muscles
    and she looked very menacing. Behind her stood her other mistress, Roxy's
    lover Vivian. She was tall, regal and somewhat severe looking woman with
    dark brown hair. She had a knockout figure; slender with perfect breasts
    and to Denise she looked oddly familiar. She wore a green skirt with a matching
    jacket and a white shirt underneath. On her feet were black shoes with five-inch
    heels. She looked like she belonged in boardroom; not a dungeon.   
Mistress Roxy started
    by slapping Denise around while she informed her of what a useless piece
    of shit like Denise would do for her new owners. Again Denise was thrust
    into the role of maid for the two lovers.   
Mistress Roxy and
    Mistress Vivian had only just moved in together, but as they both were dominant
    they quickly agreed on getting a slave. Denise wondered how two so dominant
    people, who had no slaves before moving together, got along.   
Denise's role as
    maid was the same as it had been for the last few years. She took care of
    everything around the house, while mincing around in a sexy outfit, ready
    to be used by anyone around. Her new outfit still had the same brutally constrictive
    corset. Not only did her new mistresses like it; it would also have been
    almost impossible to take it off or make it less constrictive as the muscles
    in Denise's back were now dependent on the support of the corset and her
    digestive system had adjusted to the constriction as well. Her boots were
    now a pair of ballet-toed boots with heels more than nine-inches high and
    the chain between her ankles was reduced to six inches in length, as was
    the one between her wrists. Her new steel collar was much broader than the
    one she had previously worn. Her new owners saw no real need for a costume
    so Denise only wore panties to insure that her crotch was smooth and that
    there was something to hold her sanitary napkin in place. Denise didn't wear
    the bra-like shelf she had worn at Master Richard's anymore. Instead her
    tits now swung freely and as a consequence Denise had learn how to walk with
    the large weight swinging from her chest. Like before she was kept constantly
    gagged, this time with a large ring gag with a removable penis insert to
    shut her up.   
Neither Mistress
    Roxy nor Mistress Vivian had any interest in allowing Denise to cum and soon
    Denise began to realize just how fortunate she had been at Master Richard's&hellip;and
    just how unfortunate Yvonne had been. Denise had to work hard to control
    herself now. She felt a constant need to rub against something or someone,
    trying to get off.   
The two mistresses
    turned out to be very different types, with only one thing in common: they
    both loved to fill Denise's ass to the breaking point. Mistress Roxy often
    had most of her lower arm inside Denise, while Mistress Vivian packed Denise's
    ass with enormous object or filled her with enemas containing fluids, which
    made her insides burn.   
Ultimately the
    fixation on Denise's ass resulted in the ruining of her sphincter. After
    being owned by the two mistresses a few weeks Denise was strapped to a table,
    her legs doubled up and tied so that her ass cheeks were spread to the maximum.
    Mistress Roxy, who was dressed in her usual tight, black leather top and
    mini skirt and military boots, had been fisting Denise for hours and Denise
    was nearing hysteria from the pain. Ever since her waist had been so brutally
    constricted fisting had become an even more painful ordeal since whatever
    was being shoved up her ass now forced her already compressed insides up
    under the corset, where there was absolutely no room to spare, resulting
    in more excruciating pain. It wasn't the only thing that was painful that
    day. Mistress Vivian, who was dressed in a crotchless, full-body, black rubber
    suit and who had black, leather boots with seven-inch stilettos on her feet,
    had used thin rubber straps to constrict Denise's enormous tits, so that
    there was a strap for every inch of tit. After constricting Denise's tits
    in this manner, Mistress Vivian had whipped them soundly and they were now
    covered in red welts. As a little extra touch to make the fisting even more
    painful Mistress Vivian had also tied a strap around Denise's throat insuring
    that she had to fight for every breath. When Mistress Roxy finally withdrew
    her arm Denise issued a rattling sigh of relief. It turned out that this
    was too soon as Mistress Vivian came into her field of vision. Mistress Vivian
    looked down at Denise, who had a puffy, bluish look on her face as she gasped
    for breath, and said with a broad smile: "There, there, you worthless piece
    of sissy-trash. The warm-up is over and the real torture can begin." Denise
    didn't have enough air for a real scream, but rather issued a strangled gurgling
    scream of fear as Mistress Vivian started on her ass. The first thing she
    did to Denise was to give her an enema with chili oil. The oil made Denise's
    inside burn with a pain so bad she passed out twice before Mistress Vivian
    allowed her to expel it. The she shoved a champagne bottle up Denise's ass&hellip;bottom
    end first. Getting it in was an ordeal, which made Denise almost sick with
    pain and it only got worse as it was forced further in. Mistress Vivian left
    the bottle in as she climbed on to Denise's face and ordered her to eat pussy.
    While Denise ate her she used her nails to scratch Denise's sensitive tits,
    further increasing the already considerable pain she was in. Having Mistress
    Vivian sitting on her face did nothing to improve Denise's already troubled
    breathing. Mistress Roxy, who had been standing idly by for the last hour,
    now used the opportunity to grab Denise's balls and squeeze them viciously.
    Denise screamed and passed out as she ran out of air. She continued licking
    after coming to, but passed out as Mistress Roxy squeezed her balls again.
    This happened several times before Mistress Vivian climbed down and continued
    the torture. Denise's sighs of relief as Mistress Vivian pulled the bottle
    out of her ass were replaced by breathless screaming as she was given another
    chili oil enema. After the enema came another bottle, only bigger than the
    last one and so the cycle repeated itself until Denise lay limply, unable
    to even cry out. She had been strapped to the table for the better part of
    a day now and her resources had been exhausted. She didn't think she had
    a single scream left in her. Mistress Vivian proved her wrong on that count
    as she performed the final bit of torture on Denise. The final item Mistress
    Vivian produced was a metal dildo with a diameter larger than that of the
    biggest bottle, which had been up Denise's ass. Not only that, it was also
    covered in sharp ridges and knobs and as a final touch Mistress Vivian had
    covered it with chili oil. Denise cried when she was shown the dildo and
    she screamed until she passed out when it was shoved up her ass. When that
    happened Mistress Vivian stopped pushing and woke Denise up with smelling
    salt before continuing. When it was all the way in, Denise thought that she
    would split in half. She could hardly breathe as it was, but now her breaths
    were so short that she was almost hyperventilating. Mistress Vivian smiled
    wickedly down at the panicky slave as she attached some wires to the dildo
    and sent a sharp current running through it. The pain was unbelievable and
    Denise thrashed soundlessly before passing out. Mistress Vivian patiently
    woke her up before continuing the torture. After an hour Denise was spent
    and had entered an almost comatose state from which it took her two days
    to recover from.   
When she had recovered
    a bit she crawled before Mistress Vivian to declare her complete submission
    to her. The brutality of the torture had made Denise fall hopelessly in love
    with Mistress Vivian. Her ass was still too tender for a butt plug and as
    she crawled across the dungeon floor her shit began to fall out onto the
    floor, Denise powerless to stop it. Denise was mortified and began to apologize: "Mistress,
    please, Mistress. Mistress, I'm sorry, Mistress. Mistress, I can't control.." Mistress
    Vivian cut her off with a sharp hand movement as she said: "Of course you
    can't you useless piece of slave shit. Your already pathetic ass has been
    broken. Now finish taking a shit and then eat it." Humiliated in the extreme
    over not being able to hold her own shit anymore, Denise finished taking
    a dump on the floor before eating her warm and disgusting shit. The humiliation
    of having to do this in front of Mistress Vivian (Mistress Roxy was not present)
    only increased her love for the stern mistress. Having her ass broken like
    that meant that she now had to wear a butt plug constantly. This was not
    really a problem since she already wore a butt plug constantly, but it underlined
    what a disgusting little slave-shit she really was.   
Other than their
    fixation with Denise's ass the two mistresses were very different. Mistress
    Roxy was extremely brutal, but had no finesse at all. She loved beating Denise
    up, pummeling her with her fists so that Denise always had black eyes and
    was covered in bruises. Denise feared her very much, but felt more intimidated
    than dominated by her.   
Mistress Vivian
    was of a completely different type. She was a much more refined and accomplished
    mistress in every way. Not only would her punishments make Denise scream
    in pain, but also she was able to humiliate the sissy-slave with single word
    or a mere glance. Her mere presence made Denise giddy with submissive lust.
    Denise hadn't felt like that since she had left the academy.   
It was the same
    thing when it came to the "straight" sex. Mistress Roxy would force Denise
    to just lick for hours on end, never varying the theme. Mistress Vivian used
    Denise in a number of different ways for sex: licking, with dildos attached
    all manner of places both on herself and on Denise, feet and so forth. Mistress
    Vivian's imagination was a great as her cruelty. Denise fell in love with
    her, while secretly beginning to despise Mistress Roxy. She hadn't been very
    long with the two mistresses before she began to suspect than Mistress Vivian
    was also beginning to despise Mistress Roxy. When Mistress Roxy beat up Denise,
    Mistress Vivian would look on with an expression of disgust on her face.   
One day after having
    been with Mistress Vivian and Mistress Roxy for three months, Mistress Vivian
    called Denise in to the living room. To Denise's great surprise Mistress
    Roxy lay prone on the floor, the remains of a spilled drink on the table
    in front of her. Mistress Vivian called to Denise: "Get your butt over here
    slave and help me get this useless piece of crap down to the dungeon." Denise
    was very surprised at this, but of course she instantly complied and with
    great difficulty helped Mistress Vivian drag the unconscious, but very heavy,
    Mistress Roxy into the dungeon. Here she helped Mistress Vivian place her
    in a chair in front of a heavy table. "Stand in the corner and watch, useless
    sissy-cow," Mistress Vivian spat at Denise as she started to tie Roxy up.
    Denise stood back and watched. First Mistress Vivian secured Roxy to the
    chair after removing her clothes. She strapped her legs to the chair's legs
    with plastic straps and removed Roxy's boots. Her arms and hands were secured
    to the armrests in the same way and finally a large number of leather straps
    insured that Roxy would hardly be able to budge when she woke up. Mistress
    Vivian then produced two large vices, which she placed on the floor at Roxy's
    feet. Then she placed Roxy's feet in the vices. Having finished at Roxy's
    feet, she then pushed the table up to the chair so that the tabletop was
    almost an extension of the armrests. Mistress Vivian then secured two more
    vices to the table in front of Roxy before putting Roxy's hands into them.
    Finally she gagged Roxy and sat down on the table to wait for her to wake
    up.   
It was less than
    half an hour later when Roxy shrugged the last of the tranquilizer she had
    received off. When she realized her situation she tried to shout at Mistress
    Vivian through the gag, while staring angrily at her. Mistress Vivian just
    smiled and let Roxy glower for a little while before she spoke: "Roxy, you
    stupid piece of slave flesh, I have something to tell you." Roxy stopped
    trying to yell the second Mistress Vivian had addressed her as "slave". Mistress
    Vivian laughed a little at this before continuing: "The minute I met you,
    I knew that this moment would come. Sure, you can be fun in bed, but in the
    long run you are just a boring piece of shit, a useless slave-cow. As a mistress
    you have no talent, no finesse. Just look at Denise over there." Mistress
    Vivian pointed at Denise. "A slave like that requires real domination, not
    just unbridled brutality. She should be marked by whips, needles, burns or
    the like, not by black eyes and simple bruises. Pain slaves should used the
    right way, not carelessly like you do." Mistress Vivian paused a little before
    continuing: "I have therefore decided to turn you into my slave, a conclusion
    I suspected I would arrive at after the first time we tortured a slave together.
    You may scream if you like. Begging is fun too." With that Mistress Vivian
    removed Roxy's gag. Roxy immediately started to shout: "Set me free you bitch!
    This is not funny! I'll break you in two, you little shit, if you don't set
    me free this instant!" Mistress Vivian paid no attention as she approached
    with the first thing with which to torture Roxy, a collection of thin, leather
    strings, which had been soaked in water. Roxy continued to demand release
    as Vivian started tying up her breasts with the leather strings, but her
    tone got a pained quality as her tits were constricted every inch or so and
    when Mistress Vivian had finished Roxy was begging instead of demanding: "Please
    Vivian, you can't do this. Please, I promise to be a better mistress, please
    Vivian. Please let me loose." Mistress Vivian stroked Roxy's hair as she
    said: "There will be no release for you Roxy. You are a filthy, little slave-slut
    now." Roxy tried to move the chair by rocking it, but it was bolted to the
    floor. While she rocked Mistress Vivian informed her of what would happened
    next: "Slave, I want you to see the vices I have placed your hands and feet
    in." Roxy suddenly became absolutely still as she realized what was about
    to happen and Mistress Vivian continued: "I have decided that I don't need
    a shit like you to have functioning hands and feet, so they'll be crushed
    now." Roxy's now tearful pleading reached new heights as she tried to removed
    her hands and feet from the vices. However, they had too high sides for her
    to be able to remove them and instead Mistress Vivian could start without
    disturbance. She started with Roxy's right foot. Closing the vice ever so
    slowly she crushed Roxy's right foot. Roxy screamed and eventually vomited
    and passed out from the pain. When this happened Mistress Vivian stopped
    and woke Roxy up using smelling salt before continuing. When Roxy's right
    foot had been reduced to a bloody pulp, she was completely hysterical, crying
    as she pleaded and begged. Mistress Vivian just patted her on the cheek and
    said: "There, there. Now there is only three to go." Before moving on to
    Roxy's right hand, Mistress Vivian took a clear plastic bag and pulled it
    over Roxy's head for a bit of breath play. This did not calm Roxy down, but
    rather increased her hysteria. Mistress Vivian methodically crushed Roxy's
    hands and feet, stopping to play a little asphyxiation game with Roxy once
    in a while. When she was done Roxy had been completely broken, her cries
    had turned into hopeless little gasps and her eyes staring wildly, always
    searching for her mistress. The process had taken quite a while and in the
    meantime the leather strips around Roxy's tits had dried out somewhat, so
    that her tits were now grotesquely misshapen adding to her pain. Before ending
    the session Roxy had sworn that she would do anything for Mistress Vivian,
    absolutely anything. "Good, Roxy, good," Mistress Vivian said: "Its good
    that you know your place now. Then you will of course gladly beg me to remove
    all your teeth, won't you?" Roxy began to cry hopelessly as she realized
    that she had no choice and after some time she managed to beg Mistress Vivian
    to remove her teeth. Mistress Vivian wasted no time and took a pair of pliers
    and pulled all of Roxy's teeth out. As Roxy sat crying hysterically, her
    gums bleeding, Mistress Vivian produced two long, black, plastic tubes ending
    in rounded off cones. These she pushed onto Roxy's mangled hands, a process
    causing Roxy even more pain as her crushed hands were squeezed into the tips
    of the cones. When Roxy's hands were all the way in, Mistress Vivian secured
    the cones in place with sturdy straps. On Roxy's feet she put ballet-toed
    boots, like the ones Denise wore, requiring a lot of pushing and causing
    Roxy even more pain. In the end she slumped lifelessly in her bindings and
    Mistress Vivian had Denise help her lay Roxy down in a corner of the dungeon,
    where she was chained to the wall and left to recover. The torture session
    had triggered Mistress Vivian's libido in a big way and Denise spent a considerable
    amount of time in her bed, satisfying her need.   
The next few weeks
    Denise spent performing her maid duties and satisfying Mistress Vivian as
    she transformed Roxy into the slave she wanted. When she was finished Roxy
    was a lot worse off than Denise. All her hair had been removed, leaving her
    bald and without eyebrows and on her forehead the words "toilet slave" had
    been tattooed. Her mouth was now held permanently open by a steel ring inserted
    in her lips, anchored in her jaw so it wasn't merely a matter of getting
    it out of the flesh in order to remove it. She had been corseted and in time
    her waist shrunk down to the same size as Denise's. Her tits were now receiving
    the same treatment as Denise's and would in time become even bigger. Mistress
    Vivian made sure that they were always constricted in some way and her nipples
    were ringed with large, heavy steel rings. Her hands never got out of the
    plastic tubes, reducing her usefulness to that of a coat rack or a toilet.
    Her hands were also connected by a steel rod of no more than three inches
    and she was required to hold her arms perpendicular to her body at all times,
    unless instructed otherwise. On her feet were now always her ballet-toed
    boots holding her mangled feet. Both her hands and her feet healed so that
    they became completely inflexible and took on the shape of their confinement.
    Separating Roxy's legs was a six-inch steel rod between her ankles and an
    eight-inch steel rod between her knees. The purpose of this was to expose
    her pussy and open it so that it was always ready for punishment. The rods
    turned her walking into a strange and ridiculous mincing waddle, much to
    the amusement of Mistress Vivian, thus further humiliating the already broken
    slave-girl.   
Roxy's labia had
    been pierced six times through each lip and rings had been inserted in the
    holes. The rings had wires in them, which pulled her lips apart, the wires
    being pulled around her ass and secured to the truly monstrous dildo protruding
    from her ass. Like Denise's, Roxy' ass was now broken, unable to hold shit
    without the help of a plug. Roxy's pussy was now permanently open and showed
    off the final bit of torture and humiliation, which Mistress Vivian had employed
    in Roxy's everyday outfit. Roxy clit, which had been large to begin with,
    had been pulled and tugged until it was now almost an inch long. Around it
    Mistress Vivian had secured a steel band almost as broad as the clit was
    long. The band constricted Roxy's clit terribly causing her constant pain,
    but it didn't end there. Mistress Vivian had also pierced Roxy's clit so
    that a steel ring now ran through both the steel band holding it and the
    clit itself. Whenever Roxy was led around it was not by the stiff neck corset
    she wore, but by the ring through her clit.   
While Denise's
    duties were that of a maid, Roxy's were that of a pain slave and portable
    toilet. She constantly followed Mistress Vivian around like a dog, always
    hoping that she pleased her mistress so that she wouldn't punish her, not
    fully understanding that the only way in which she pleased Mistress Vivian
    was when she was screaming in pain. Roxy even began to enjoy her position
    as toilet, since it was the least painful thing she did and she looked almost
    happy when Mistress Vivian squatted over upturned face.   
A further humiliation
    came when she was allowed to cum for the first time. Roxy came when Mistress
    Vivian whipped her clit while she pulled the leash taut. The long hours spent
    being tortured had turned her into a real pain slut and she cried when she
    realized this. Mistress Vivian laughed at her slave, pushed her to her knee
    and took a dump in the crying slaves mouth.   
After being Mistress
    Vivian's slave for about six months and when Roxy had fully assumed her role
    as pain slave, Denise was called into the living room. Roxy stood next to
    the couch on which Mistress Vivian sat and Roxy was emitting low, little
    screams, her tits being covered completely by needles. "Kneel," Mistress
    Vivian commanded and Denise instantly complied. "Your time with me is up
    Denise, you worthless sissy-shit." Denise felt great sadness as she loved
    the cruel mistress, but she just bowed her head in submission and sobbed
    a little. "However," Mistress Vivian continued, "I do think that you'll love
    your new mistress." Denise wondered at this. It was the first time anyone
    seemingly had expressed any kind of concern for how she felt. There had to
    be a catch. And there was a catch as Mistress Vivian finished: "I believe
    you met before, slave. Look up." Denise looked up and in the door stood Headmistress
    Regina von Kaltenbrunner. Denise's heart almost stopped from the shock as
    a mixture of lust and pure terror washed over her. This was it then, the
    end of the line. Not only had Headmistress promised that she would castrate
    Denise, she had also promised that she would be Denise's last owner. Denise
    wanted to throw herself at Headmistress' feet, but it would have been poor
    form and it would have disappointed her. Instead she looked at her with eyes
    filled with lust. Headmistress looked just as dominant as ever. She looked
    as severe and dominant as ever. Her hair had grayed a bit more, but her body
    was still hot. She wore the academy uniform: a business suit made of thick,
    blue leather and a pair of Oxfords with a seven-inch heel. Her hair was,
    as always, pulled into a tight bun and she wore her usual pointy horn-rimmed
    glasses. She wore leather gloves and held a riding crop in her right hand,
    slapping it idly against her left palm and her eyes gleamed with sadistic
    lust. "So Denise, you useless sissy-slave," she purred as she approached,
    idly whipping Roxy's clit once as she passed her, "Soon it will be time for
    you to lose those pathetic, little nuts of yours." Denise shivered with fear
    and lustful anticipation. On one hand she definitely didn't want to be castrated,
    but on the other hand she couldn't think of a greater turn-on than being
    castrated by this cruel woman whom she loved so much. In the background Roxy's
    screams had died out as she realized what had just been said. Roxy froze
    in terror as she tried to avoid attention from this the cruelest of mistresses.   
As Denise was being
    scrutinized by Headmistress, she realized why Mistress Vivian had seemed
    to familiar when Denise had first become her property. There was a strong
    resemblance between the two women and Denise's suspicion was confirmed when
    Mistress Vivian asked: "So Mom, I assume you would want to castrate the useless
    bitch back at the school? Can I watch by the way?" Headmistress turned towards
    her daughter and replied: "Of course you and your sister can watch! And yes,
    I will take her nuts back at the school. Thank you so much Vivian. This really
    is a marvelous birthday present!" As mother and daughter embraced Denise
    was feeling honored that she, as gift, would please Headmistress so much.
    Her heart was racing and her mind in turmoil, unable to resolve her conflicting
    emotions over the prospect of being castrated by Regina von Kaltenbrunner.
    In the end she just had to settle for the fact that she didn't have any control
    over her life anyway, so she might as well give in to her terrified feelings
    of lust.   
Denise was allowed
    to serve the two mistresses for two more days while Headmistress stayed with
    her daughter. In that time she only acted as a maid and was not tortured.
    It seemed that Headmistress wanted her to be fresh when she returned home.
    Instead the attention of the mistresses was focused on Roxy. For almost two
    days straight Roxy screamed as mother and daughter competed in cruelty towards
    slaves. The last time Denise saw Roxy, she was lying barely conscious in
    a pool of vomit, piss and shit. Then Denise was gagged and hooded, sealed
    inside a heavy, rubber bag, thrown into the trunk of Headmistress' limousine
    and driven of to her new and final owner.   
Chapter 12   
At the academy
    little had changed. As Denise was being led through the hallways, bound and
    gagged with a leash attached to her chastity device, she saw new sissies
    in training hurrying to class, eager to please the mistresses and to avoid
    punishment. The new sissies tried not to stare at Denise, but most failed.
    Denise's giant tits, her brutally constricted waist, her ballet-toed boots
    and the leash attached to her chastity tube made it hard for the sissies,
    who had just been feminized, to take their eyes off her. Headmistress, stopping
    when she saw them gawking at Denise said: "Inform Mistress Gibbons that you
    are all to be punished for stopping to stare without permission to do so." The
    whole flock o sissies in training whimpered in unison before replying: "Headmistress,
    yes, Headmistress." As the other sissies dispersed, Headmistress led Denise
    to her private quarters.   
Inside her current "personal
    assistant" was waiting. Just as it had been with Erica when Denise had been
    at the academy, the function of Headmistress' personal assistant was primarily
    that of a handy pain slave, but Denise was in for a surprise. As the personal
    assistant scurried over to greet her mistress, Denise recognized her: it
    was Elke Hoffmeyer, former mistress at the academy. Although she was almost
    as severely corseted as Denise, she was still overweight, with a huge ass
    and great big, meaty thighs. Except for her head and her crotch, her entire
    body was covered in shiny, white rubber. On her feet were black, ballet-toed
    boots with nine-inch stilettos made from shiny, hard plastic. Her hands were
    held in similar hard and shiny plastic cones, rendering them useless. A six-inch
    chain connected her wrists and short chains to her neck corset and to her
    waist insured that she always held her hands straight out from the body,
    unable to bring them either up nor down. Her ankles were connected by a six-inch
    chain, forcing her to take tiny mincing steps. Her neck corset was made from
    hard, shiny, black plastic and allowed her practically no head movement.
    Elke had been shaved completely bald and even her eyebrows had been removed.
    In her mouth was a huge penis gag, held in place by an intricate harness
    criss-crossing her head. Finally her tits, encased in white rubber like the
    rest of her body, were constricted by a number of straps giving them a longish,
    sausage-like shape. Her now tiny and useless sex had been pierced and a large
    steel ring hung from it. Where her balls had been was now an absolutely smooth
    patch of skin. Elke Hoffmeyer's eyes were desperate, full of eagerness to
    please. Headmistress greeted her slave by slapping her face hard and saying: "Elke,
    you useless, sexless cow, meet your replacement." As Elke understood her
    facial expression changed. Although she now knew that she had come to the
    end of the line, she looked more relieved than scared.   
Elke Hoffmeyer
    had continued her duties as mistress at the academy after Denise had left,
    perfectly content with punishing fresh, little sissies. However, Headmistress
    had changed the routine of the academy a little after seeing the beneficial
    effect Erica's castration had had on Denise and Yvonne. It was now an annual
    tradition to let the all the sissies in training watch Headmistress torture
    and castrate some poor, defenseless sissy. All the patrons of the academy
    who had sent several sissies to the school to be trained, agreed that it
    had improved the already impressive willingness to do anything at all, which
    sissies trained at the Kaltenbrunner Academy displayed. As for Headmistress,
    she enjoyed the castrations more than any other activity at the school, so
    the castration session became an event.   
This made Elke
    Hoffmeyer more than a little nervous, as she was the only shemale mistress
    at the academy. She still occasionally turned up at Headmistress' door late
    at night to be punished, as she had done ever since Headmistress had brought
    her to the academy, but the pleasure of submitting to Headmistress was now
    mixed with fear of castration, which Elke didn't find the least bit arousing.
    But Headmistress made no move to harm Elke permanently, preferring instead
    to go out and hunt for fresh shemales to castrate.   
But of course one
    evening Headmistress had decided that Elke would make a fine victim for the
    event. After a comparatively light session with Headmistress, Elke had been
    kneeling in front of her. Elke had been dressed only in her high-heeled Oxfords,
    her hands tied in an armbinder and her erect and throbbing member had been
    resting on a wooden block. Headmistress used the sole of her shoe to step
    on Elke's cock, rubbing it against the wood, and the friction finally made
    Elke cum, her body thrashing as she moaned loudly and shot her load out over
    the floor. As her cock became flaccid Headmistress stepped on it hard, pinning
    it to the block and addressed her: "Elke, you worthless cow, I have decided
    to castrate you. You are no longer of value to the academy and frankly, you
    are starting to bore me." Elke's reaction was to scream with fear. This was
    what she had feared for years and she found herself unable to even plead.
    Headmistress gagged her and called for an attendant to take Elke away, locking
    her up before the big event.   
All the sissies
    were tied up so that they were forced to watch the event and after several
    hours of cruel and brutal torture of Elke, the main event finally arrived.
    Many of the sissies looked very pale and several would vomit as they watched
    the castration. Elke didn't notice, as she was too busy screaming in pain.
    She was standing on all fours; her hands and legs were secured in stocks,
    firmly bolted to the floor. She knelt about four feet from the wall and from
    the wall protruded a telescopic rod, at the end of which was a dildo. The
    dildo, which had very broad base, was shoved up Elke's ass and as the telescopic
    rod had been fixed in position, it made sure that Elke couldn't move her
    ass any farther back. Mounted on the wall was also a small winch. For the
    castration itself, Headmistress had tied a steel wire around one of Elke's
    testicles and now used the winch to pull it off ever so slowly, tightening
    the winch little by little. Elke was screaming her head off and when the
    wire tore off the first of her testicles, she vomited and passed out. Headmistress
    made sure to wake up Elke before stopping the bleeding and proceeding to
    pull the other testicle off.   
After a visit to
    Dr. Jacobsen to patch up her wounds, Elke returned as Headmistess' personal
    assistant. With Denise's arrival her stint as Headmistress' personal pain
    toy was over, as was her "career" as a slave.   
Of course Denise
    knew nothing of this, but she did manage to learn that the public castrations
    had become an annual event. When night came she was chained to a wall in
    Headmistress' quarters together with Elke. They were of course unable to
    talk, but the wall opposite them was covered with pictures from these sessions.
    The pictures were arranged in columns; one column for each slave, five pictures
    to a column: one before the castration session, three during and one after.
    Elke' row was complete, all five pictures hanging on the wall but so far
    Denise's column had only one. Denise spent all night staring at the pictures
    and the horrific torture scenes depicted in them. Headmistress had known
    what effect the pictures would have on Denise and had made sure she wore
    a diaper, which was a good thing as she quickly lost bladder control from
    the fear.   
Denise was still
    filled with powerful, mixed emotions. She was scared almost out of her mind
    at the prospect of being castrated, but at the same time it thrilled her
    to think about it and filled her with lust. The thought of submission so
    ultimate made her heart beat faster with lust and the fact that it would
    be Headmistress performing the castration only fuelled her submissive fantasies.   
When the time came,
    she was almost mad with fear and lust. Regina von Kaltenbrunner also thought
    that the castration of Denise would be quite special. By now she had performed
    quite a few of them and it was the biggest turn on she could think of. This
    time, however, there was a crucial difference from the "usual" castrations.
    All of her other victims had been unwilling; worthless little sissy-shits
    captured for just that one purpose. It was different with Denise. Headmistress
    only had to look at Denise once to know that she was so in love with her
    mistress, that she regarded it as an honor and a turn-on to be castrated
    by her. Denise was by far the most pain loving submissive Regina von Kaltenbrunner
    had ever come across, so she had decided to grant Denise an extra measure
    of freedom. The obvious thing to do would have been to allow Denise to cum
    before removing her nuts in the most painful manner possible, but that would
    have been boring and devoid of style. No, Denise would not be allowed to
    cum one last time. Instead Headmistress knelt down beside Denise, who was
    shaking with fear and lust, and explained her what she expected of her.   
And so it was that
    when all the fresh sissies had been tied up and were ready to watch the spectacle,
    Denise came crawling behind Headmistress into the room, without bonds of
    any kind. Denise wore only her corset, since her back would break if it was
    removed. She wore no shoes, so she had to crawl, and she wore no collar,
    no cuffs and no gag. Even her member was without its chastity device and
    stood rock-hard and throbbing, begging for release. Both the other mistresses
    and the sissies watched in amazement as Denise crawled before Headmistress
    and kissed her shoes with great passion and asked: "Headmistress, please,
    Headmistress. Headmistress, would you please accept this worthless sissy-slave's
    balls, so that this useless sissy may express her gratitude at being your
    slave, Headmistress?" Headmistress thought about this for a while, as everybody
    in the room held their breath and answered: "All-right slave, but you will
    of course have be punished for your presumptuousness." Denise bowed her head
    in submission before Headmistress. Headmistress looked fantastic. Her hair
    was in its usual tight bun and she wore her usual severe looking glasses.
    She was naked except for black, rubber opera gloves and thigh-high, black
    boots made from thin, black rubber. The boots had seven-inch metal heels,
    the thinnest and sharpest Denise had ever seen.   
With Denise's show
    of submission the torture began. First Denise was whipped thoroughly as she
    stood untied on all fours. Then she was tied spread eagle on the floor before
    her front side was whipped just as soundly as her backside. When the whipping
    was over Denise was crying and whimpering; her whole body covered in angry,
    red welts. Throughout all this her member remained erect and her lust for
    Headmistress only increased with every blow. Next her tits were the focus
    of attention. Using very thin rope Headmistress constricted them at one-inch
    intervals all the way from the base to the tip, before starting the needle
    torture. When her tits were covered with needles, and Denise was emitting
    a constant stream of little screams, Headmistress connected some of them
    to electrical wires and sent live current through Denise's tits, sending
    her into a renewed fit of screaming and thrashing. Even after Headmistress
    had finished this part of the torture, and she had taken her time, Denise's
    cock remained rock-hard. Headmistress decided to test Denise's devotion as
    she took hold of her member. She looked down at Denise and said: "Slave,
    I want you to show me how much you love me. I'm going to give you a hand-job
    now and if you are unable to restrain yourself and do cum, I will take as
    sign that you are sufficiently devoted to me and that you do not deserve
    to be castrated by me." Denise saw that she was being offered a way out,
    but she also saw how disappointed Headmistress would be if she took it. Even
    though castration was still her worst nightmare, she could not disappoint
    Headmistress. She had to show her devotion to her and the only way to do
    this was not to cum and be castrated by Headmistress. Denise sobbed as she
    spoke: "Headmistress, please Headmistress. Headmistress, allow this filthy
    slave to show her devotion to you, Headmistress." Regina saw in Denise's
    eyes that she would indeed hold back her orgasm and allow Headmistress to
    castrate her.   
Headmistress' hands
    were the most skilled Denise had ever encountered and it was by now several
    months since she had cum, but still she managed to hold back her orgasm and
    show Headmistress how much she loved her. She thrashed and squirmed as she
    cried and screamed but she did not cum. When Headmistress stopped manipulating
    Denise's member after more than half an hour, the room was dead silent except
    for Denise's crying.   
The torture began
    again. Vices were placed on Denise's hands and feet and ever so slowly they
    were crushed. Denise passed out several times, but every time Headmistress
    used smelling salt to wake her up before continuing. When Denise's hands
    and feet were completely crushed Headmistress allowed Denise to recover a
    little. She stood over Denise's face and pissed into Denise's open mouth.
    Then she tied a piece of string loosely around Denise's balls, pulled them
    away from her crotch and waited for Denise to recover a bit more.   
Denise knew that
    the final phase of the session had arrived. She was almost hysterical with
    pain and she desperately wanted to just pass out from the pain, but she knew
    that this wasn't an option. She must remain conscious for Headmistress and
    the castration to come.   
Headmistress started
    by kicking her in the groin several times. The pain took Denise's breath
    away and when she recovered enough to groan Headmistress stepped on her testicles
    with the sole of her boots, making Denise pass out from the pain. Headmistress
    patiently woke Denise up before beginning again.   
Headmistress now
    placed her right boot-heel with the utmost care on Denise's right testicle
    and began to apply pressure. She pressed until it looked like the testicle
    was just about to pop and Denise screamed hysterically. Then she stopped
    applying more pressure but instead held the pressure constant. Denise screamed
    even more, thrashing in her bonds as she tried to escape. When she had held
    the heel there for good long time she withdrew it a little, easing the pressure
    somewhat. As Denise's scream lost some of its intensity; Headmistress reversed
    and instead put all her weight on the heel. As the extremely thin heel penetrated
    the testicle sack, blood squirted out and Denise's scream reached a peak
    before running out of air. She thrashed helplessly as her right testicle
    punctured, her face turning first red, then white as she vomited from the
    pain. Headmistress meanwhile, was taking her time with Denise's testicle
    as she used Denise's thrashing combined with her own footwork to tear a long
    gash in the testicle sack so that she could use her heel to pry out the testicle
    itself. When Denise saw her testicle skewered on Headmistress' boot-heel
    like a canap&eacute; at a cocktail-party, she passed out. Headmistress calmly
    scraped Denise's testicle of her heel and went to fetch a first aid kit.
    The destroyed testicle sack was bleeding quite badly.   
Before she started
    to repair some of the damage to the testicle sack, she woke up Denise using
    smelling salts. As Denise came to, she began to cry hysterically. Meanwhile
    Headmistress cleaned the wound. She did it by rubbing some kind of white
    powder into the wound. As the powder came into contact with the wound it
    created a great deal of foam, as well as a great deal of pain and Denise's
    screams began again.   
Headmistress put
    the first aid kit away and stood up between Denise's legs. She repeated the
    process on Denise's left testicle and after a while there were two crushed
    testicles lying in a pool of blood between Denise's legs. This time Denise
    had somehow not fainted and had watched the whole thing, screaming and dry-retching.
    As Denise screamed and cried Headmistress fetched her first aid kit and began
    cleaning the wounds once again causing Denise to scream even more.   
Denise was at the
    brink of collapse and just wanted to sink into unconsciousness now that her
    greatest nightmare and her greatest sexual fantasy had come through at the
    same time. She had shown her complete and utter devotion to the mistress
    she loved above all others and she felt like her life as a slave was effectively
    over. But Headmistress had one more thing she wanted Denise to do; one more
    humiliation she wanted to put her through. She knelt down beside Denise and
    slapped her face to get her attention. The room was dead quiet as Headmistress
    spoke: "Slave, there is one more thing for you to do." Denise blinked uncertainly
    at Headmistress and tried to answer but only weak croaking sounds came out.
    Headmistress didn't really need or want a reply as she told Denise what she
    wanted her to do: "I want you to clean up your mess. Here, get rid of these." Headmistress
    held out her right hand and in it was Denise mangled testicles, dripping
    a little bit of blood on Denise's face. When Denise understood what Headmistress
    had commanded her to do, she began to cry again. Not only was it disgusting,
    it was also terribly humiliating. Of course she had no choice but to obey
    and so she opened her mouth. Headmistress wore a condescending little smile
    as she put the mangled testicles into Denise's mouth and watched as the slave
    swallowed them. When Denise had swallowed her own testicles Headmistress
    slapped her face and stood up. The show was over and she turned to look at
    the others in the room. All the other little sissies had vomited and a few
    had passed out. The rest looked at her with a look of absolute fear. Her
    daughters stood off to one side and both were clapping at the performance.
    Vivian had brought Roxy who trembled in fear at the mere sight of Headmistress.
    Her other daughter, Miriam, had brought her own slave, a freshly caught sissy
    who was busy eating her own shit, as she had lost bladder- and sphincter
    control during the torture session. The sissy whined with fear as Headmistress
    approached her daughters to thank them for the birthday present.   
Meanwhile Denise
    had finally been allowed to pass out as she was released and sent off to
    Dr. Jacobsen to be patched up.   
A month later Denise
    assumed the last slave role she would ever have. Elke had disappeared and
    Denise was now Headmistress' "personal assistant" or pain toy. Her head had
    been shaved, including her eyebrows and she was now completely hairless.
    Like her predecessors she was dressed in shiny white rubber and the only
    skin that was exposed was her bald head and her crotch. Her crushed feet
    had been forced into ballet-toed boots with an extremely pointed toe and
    no heels, her feet effectively forming an extension of her leg. Balancing
    was hard, but the firm hand of Headmistress insured that she learned quickly.
    A four-inch chain, making her steps impossibly small, connected her ankles.
    Her crushed hands had been amputated and on the stumps were now little, black
    plastic covers with D-rings, making it easier to tie up her arms or hang
    things on the end of Denise's arms. Her arms were connected by a four-inch
    chain, just like her ankles, and chains to her neck corset and to the corset
    around her waist insured that she always held them perpendicular to her body.
    She was still severely corseted and her new neck corset allowed no head movement
    at all. Her tits were constricted using an intricate harness, painfully pressing
    the tits into tortuous shapes. Large steel rings pierced her nipples and
    chains from these rings to her neck corset held her breasts up so that they
    pointed straight ahead. Her gag was held in place by a single, broad rubber
    strap. The gag itself was a foot-long dildo going all the way down her throat,
    cutting off all sound. Denise drew breath through a tiny little hole running
    down the center of the dildo. The hole was so narrow that Denise had to work
    hard for every breath. An even bigger dildo was rammed up her ass.   
Her crotch was
    now of course smooth and her dick was now a tiny, useless little appendage.
    It was pierced no less than five times; four thick, steel studs through the
    shaft and one thick and heavy steel ring through the head. A leash was attached
    to the ring and Headmistress used it to lead Denise around.   
The heavy doses
    of hormones she still received had the effect of still making Denise slightly
    horny and sometimes there was even a slight stirring from her damaged sex,
    but it was rare and it was an unpleasant reminder of the passionate and sexy
    creature she had been before the castration. Now her world had been reduced
    to pain and obedience without any possibility of even the slightest reward.
    The only thought in Denise's damaged mind was to please Headmistress. The
    mere presence of Headmistress filled Denise with the desire to submit, the
    only thing beside pain she had left to enjoy. Although Denise couldn't see
    it herself, it was fortunate that she enjoyed being tortured by Headmistress,
    since her life otherwise would have been completely devoid of even the slightest
    pleasure. She spent her days scampering after Headmistress in an attempt
    to please her beloved mistress.  
Epilogue   
Denise had been
    Headmistress' "personal assistant" for almost three years, far longer than
    any other castrated little sissy had ever been before. Denise had that special
    something, which triggered Headmistress desire to inflict pain and to humiliate
    like no other slave had ever done before.   
After the castration
    almost everybody, including Denise, had thought that she would just be subjected
    to the "usual" torture delivered by Headmistress for a year or so before
    she was discarded like her predecessors had been. That had proven not to
    be the case. Not only had Headmistress kept her for longer than any other
    slave she had ever had, she also tortured Denise more often and harsher than
    any other. Sometimes Denise was kept in intense pain for days at a time and
    several times she had been sent to Dr. Jacobsen to be "repaired". A few of
    the other mistresses at the academy had thought that Headmistress' affection
    for Denise would result in her not performing the annual castration and in
    her not taking another personal assistant. In this they were mistaken, just
    as they were mistaken when they thought that the presence of Denise would
    mean that these unfortunate victims would be treated less harshly after their
    castration, since Denise was now around to take the heat. The opposite proved
    to be the case as Denise's presence seemed to motivate Headmistress to be
    even harsher to every slave around. The already strict regimen at the academy
    was tightened further and the quality of the sissy-slaves produced became
    even better.   
Now, however, Headmistress
    had to admit to herself that Denise had finally come to the end of the line.
    Over the last two years one of Headmistress' favorite ways of torturing Denise
    had been breath play. She would plug the tiny hole through which Denise breathed
    and watch as Denise became more and more panicked, thrashing on the floor
    before she finally passed out. Only then would Headmistress removed the plug
    and allow her to breathe. Every time Denise thought that she was going to
    die and panicked when Headmistress showed her the plug. Over the years this
    kind of torture, combined with other forms of torture inflicting extreme
    pain, had caused permanent damage to Denise's brain. She gradually lost many
    basic abilities; reading, understanding long sentences, remembering simple
    things and things like that. Now she had lost all control over her basic
    bodily function and food and water had to be pumped directly in to her stomach,
    as she was unable to understand what to do if food was placed before her.
    The only person in the world she was able to recognize was Headmistress and
    her mere presence made the damaged sissy-slave tremble with fear and lust.
    As of late she was having trouble controlling her limbs and Headmistress
    recognized that this marked the end for Denise. She was sad to loose such
    a fine pain slave, but on the other hand she had had a good run.   
Also, Headmistress
    had gotten the opportunity to acquire a sissy, which had been "educated" at
    the academy some years earlier. This sissy reminded Headmistress very much
    of Denise and the little sissy had even shown the same tendencies as Denise
    had. Maybe it was time to get a fresh piece of slave meat.   
2NN  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  2nn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





