BDSM Library - Cheerleader Slut




Cheerleader Slut
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story is about a new girl on the team. You could tell Kim to do anything no matter how humiliating, and she'd do it happily. Cheerleader slut  
 My name is Suzie, I go to Reagan Middle School and I'm captain of the cheerleading
  squad. This story is about a new girl on the team. You could tell Kim to do
  anything no matter how humiliating, and she'd do it happily.  
 It was the first day of cheerleading practice. I was talking to my friends,
  when a new girl walked up to me.  
 "Excuse me, is this where the cheerleaders practice." She said to the group
  of us, with a timed demeanor.  
 I'm the bossy type, so I decided to have some fun with the new girl. "Yes
  it is, but first you have to tryout. Now sit down and put your ankles behind
  your neck."  
 I was the only girl on the team that could do this. If she argued I'd tell
  her it was an important move that she had to do to make the team. She sat on
  the ground put one leg behind her neck rolled over on her back and did the
  same with the other leg. The other girls giggled at the humiliating display.  
 The cheerleading coach walked over and said "that's enough Suzie. Everyone
  this is Kim she's a sixth grader new to the school. Since we're short handed
  this year everyone makes the team." The coach handed Kim a uniform.  
 "Thanks Mrs. Presscott." She said with a grin.  
 Why did she let me humiliate her if she knew she was already on the team.
  I decided to see how far I could go. When we were in the shower after practice
  I saw an opportunity to humiliate Kim again. I walked over to her in the huge
  shower grabbed her arm spun her around and said "look everybody, Kim has a
  hard on." Pointing to the girls inch long clit. Everyone gathered around and
  giggled and pointed. Kim looked down embarrassed, but still had a smile. She
  surprised me by reaching down to pull on her pussy lips to give everyone a
  better look. When we were changing I walked up to her and asked if she would
  like to come to my house after school. I thought she would tell me to fuck
  off after what I'd done.  
 "Sure I'd love to." She said with a chipper smile tying her shoe.  
 Dam it nothing bothers this girl I thought. I'll get her when she comes
  over after school.  
 My brother was a pervert, always jacking off in his room. I caught him on
  several occasions peeking in on me while I changed. He would be part of my
  plan to see how far I could push little Kim. When she showed up at my house
  she wore a tube top and tight little shorts, kind of slutty I thought. We went
  strait to my room and talked a little. I learned she was an only child and
  just moved to town. I asked her if she liked girls, trying to shock her. She
  bent her head down smiling and said, she did. The year before I experimented
  with a girl friend, so I knew I was bisexual. I tried to shock her again by
  telling her to stand up and remove her clothes. Unshaken she began doing what
  I said with a smile. After she was undressed she stood waiting for my next
  order. I told her to lay on the bed and stroke her big clit. She did what I
  asked with enthusiasm.  
 "Keep stroking, I'll be back in a second." I said leaving the door to my
  room wide open as I went to get my brother.  
 Kim stopped when I walked in with Tom, but I told her to keep going. They
  both stared at each other while Kim played with herself. I took control of
  the situation.  
 "Take off your clothes so you can fuck her Tom." I said with a smirk. Leaning
  in close to Kim I asked; "have you ever been fucked before."  
 "Yes were I used to live I got fucked all the time." She said shocking me
  again.  
 Trying to look unshaken by her slutty comments I said; "good, because I
  want to see you fucked my little slut." She smiled when I talked to her like
  a whore. I began to realize that she was submissive, and would probably do
  what ever I said.  
 She had sucked my brothers dick, fucked him in every position. After he
  came a third time all over her face I could tell he was finished. I whispered
  something in his ear. He told me it was a great idea and left the room naked
  and sweaty. I walked to my dresser and pulled out some scarves turned and looked
  at Kim sprawled out, cum on her face and small tits. She looked at me with
  love in her eyes. I liked my new toy and was going to use her to fulfill all
  my kinky desires. I tied her wrists to the head board and her ankles to the
  base board. She never asked what I was doing, she just excepted it as fate.
  As I tied the last scarf around her eyes I told her Tom was on the phone inviting
  some friends over. She began breathing hard and finally questioned me.  
 "How many." She said with excitement.  
 I decided to have a little fun with her. "The entire high school football
  team." I whispered. She began moving her hips and breathing harder, so I kept
  going. "And the baseball team too." She began moving faster, and breathing
  harder, would nothing shock this girl. "And after a hundred guys fuck you we're
  going to tie you in the back yard and let the dogs have you." She began bucking
  her hips wildly in orgasm. "And then we're going to take turns fist fucking
  you." She was moaning, and cumming hard, and I haven't even touched her.  
 "OOOOHHHH PLEASE TOUCH MY CUNT!!!!" Kim screamed at the top of her lungs.  
 "Just wait a little longer slut you'll get all you can handle."  
 Ten minutes latter three of my brothers friends came in the room. One look
  at Kim tied down moving her hips, and moaning Toms friends new he wasn't lying.
  They stripped off their clothes and pushed each other to see who was going
  to be first. I stepped in and took charge guiding one cock in her slippery
  cunt and telling the other two who were jacking there big dicks to move toward
  her mouth. After these guys used her cunt they flipped her over and gave her
  ass a ride. Calling her slut and slapping her ass only made her want more.
  After these high school punks finished fucking my new slut I had a little talk
  with her. I told Kim that she was now my slut and had to do whatever I told
  her. She shook her head agreeing to do what ever I said. She was going to love
  her new life I could tell.  
 Two years later and Kim is the biggest slut this town has ever known. We
  go to parties all the time with Kim as the entertainment. She will show up
  warring the slut clothes I tell her too. After walking around getting felt
  up, and called names, I'll take her upstairs telling the guys to fallow. She
  gets fucked in all of her slut holes. she is into double penetration also.
  Last summer we went to spring break and after parading her ass around in the
  crowded street for an hour. We had a line of guys follow us to our room where
  she fucked and sucked for hours. She must have had five hundred loads of cum
  splattered on her after that trip. After the spring break trip I knew there
  was nothing this slut wouldn't do. I loved humiliating her but I was finding
  it harder to come up with new ideas. I was online looking for something the
  slut and I could get into when it hit me. I would take her into the adult bookstore
  downtown and make her suck and fuck threw a glory-hole, she'd love it.  
 Six months later and I'm on my way to pick up Kim at work. The owner of
  the Adult bookstore pays young Kim one hundred dollars a day to whore her body
  to his customers (witch I get half of). So every day after school I drop My
  bitch off in her little booth and take all her clothes. The booth is so small
  she can press her ass against one hole while sucking at another, and jacking
  two dicks with her hands at one of the other two holes. She is locked naked
  in the three by three cubical for two hours everyday after school. We are saving
  money to get her a tattoo that says Suzie's Slut.  I love
  humiliating Kim as much as she loves being humiliated so we will be together
  for a while. I'm looking into doing some B/D movies with the little slut next.
  I wander if that will shock her. Probably not.  
 Send comments and ideas.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ric


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





