BDSM Library - Night Vision




Night Vision
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A romantic one on one encounter spiced with mild d/s. One for the ladies...Night Vision 
She looked like a spectre to me at first. It was partly due to light and
  shadows. She was coming out of the shadows, or perhaps turning light into the
  shadow. In any case she was mystery and scent of something unknown to me.  
I can see the moonlight glistening on her bare skin right this moment, a
  thin film of sweat reflecting silver beams of ghostly light. She is breathing
  heavily. She can not see, but I can. And what I see is a strange and beautiful
  confusion of black, white and silver. I can smell her.  
We spoke in soft voices and she smiled shyly, lowering her eyes every so
  often. Most of the evening it was my lips dancing around her ear, hungry to
  bite and suck and eat, but patience had to be exercised. She needed to be lured
  and baited and that was just as well with me. The rhythm she moved and spoke
  in fit me perfectly as I whispered into her ear, as I painted pictures in air
  and dressed my lies in shiny holiday outfits.  
I can hear her moan, like an animal in pain. I smile with my eyes. I know
  that what she is experiencing can not be called pain. It's so much more after
  all. I can smell her.  
She wore silk and latex, black and elegant, looking slightly arrogant and
  cold in her spike-heeled, high boots. Her hair embracing her head like secret
  fire, making her ivory-pale skin all the more white. Her eyes blue and deep
  and lips painted in the colour of blood. She seemed to be radiating powerful
  erotic light and I wanted to drink from the source since the second I laid
  my eyes upon her. There were other men and women in there too. She was all
  on her own it seemed and I knew I had to get closer.  
I knew a glass of red wine was what it takes.  
Her voice was smooth and seductive, her body looked to me as if it was trembling
  slightly, trembling with anticipation, desire, lust, fear? I had no idea, I
  was attracted to the mystery she was, to the look in those eyes that wouldn't
  rest on mine for more than a fraction of a second, before they turned down
  again, eyes deep and dark and beautiful. I was attracted to her because I could
  smell her, just like a wolf can trace down its wounded prey. I spoke into her
  ear, used my fingers to move her burning hair out of the way, I looked down
  at her breasts, trapped in her tight, black, shiny corset, I breathed heat
  down her neck and she shivered, the pale angel of darkness.  
Wine on her skin. Wine on silk and skin.  
She begged me to stop as she was ashamed. There were too many people around
  and we have barely met. I laughed quietly and moved my head back a few inches,
  but took her hand in mine. She didn't pull it back. You win some and you lose
  some. I used my fingers to slowly caress hers, feeling her silver rings and
  long, black fingernails. In spite of her supposed shame she didn't make a gesture
  to move away from me, she accepted me. And when I used my other hand to gently
  lift her skirt up and start touching her behind her back, she closed her eyes
  and a very soft &quot;No , please don't&quot; escaped her crimson lips. I looked
  at her eyelids covered with heavy make-up and felt the soft silk of her panties
  at the tips of my fingers. &quot;But you are wet already, aren't you?&quot; I
  whispered into her ear. I could feel the fabric of her delicate panties was
  already damp. I touched her with slow, long movements. &quot;Please&quot;,
  she repeated but in an even lower voice, the word almost indistinguishable
  from a deep sigh of pleasure. Slowly, I pulled my hand from beneath her skirt,
  and pulled her even closer. &quot;You owe me&quot; I said and placed my lips
  against hers.  
I can feel her shiver. Restrained and mine.  
Like biting a live wire, her mouth hot and wet and sensual, a stream of heat
  and a sting of ice as the silver piercing in her tongue made me almost shout
  with surprise. She sucked my tongue and I sucked hers. I could feel her breathing
  go heavy as I pulled her closer, crushing her breasts against my ribcage. She
  made a small sound of pain and lust as her tits rubbed against me. I grabbed
  her hair with one hand and placed the other hand on her back side, lifting
  her skirt up once again. She was wearing sexy black thigh high stockings and
  I grabbed the bare skin on her arse, squeezed and heard another of her muffled
  yelps that I sucked in into my throat. I parted my lips from hers and started
  kissing her neck, sliding my fingers under her panties. She begged me to stop,
  all the while moving her hips in small circles, her body letting me know how
  horny she is, how bad she needed to be taken and fucked.  
And only mine.  
I did. I stopped. And I made her promise that she will come to my place.
  She bowed her head down and bit her lip. She looked down and whispered and
  I just stood there until she promised she will come. Then I left.  
I see fear in her eyes as she looks around the room that is lit only by several
  black candles. The music is considerably softer then in the place where we
  met. I greet her with a smile and she enters. I can see she has refreshed her
  make-up. When she takes a seat and crosses her long legs, I can see there is
  another thing she did. She has no panties on any more.  
More wine, as I move closer to her. More whispers and smiles as I speak and
  make my eyes travel across her body. I can feel her heat as I sit myself next
  to her. She pulls back but I am right there and there is no way for her to
  avoid our bodies touching. I am slow and slower and slower, but there is no
  way she can escape now. She sips at her wine and I can feel how hot her body
  is. I need to touch it. But I am slow, my movements last for the eternity.  
The smoke fills her eyes with tears and for a second I can see stars in them,
  reflecting the light of candles. Her lungs inhale hot smoke, her lips sucking
  it in eagerly. The music covers us like a heavy dark blanket.  
Her eyes are closed and she seems to be breathing in the dark light of the
  room, the dark sound of music, the white smoke clouds that float around us
  like ghosts. I approach her face very slowly. I carefully study her skin, her
  lips, her eyebrows. Very slowly, I place my lips on hers. She tries to back
  off from me but she is slow and I am determined. I just touch her lips with
  mine before I slide on, towards her neck and there I leave wet trail. She moans
  and whispers. I can hear her say &quot;Please, stop, please, I barely know
  you&quot;. Her scent makes me drunk as I kiss her neck and grab her wrists
  with my one hand. I use the other to remove the hair from her neck as I start
  kissing her more passionately. I am still slow, but like a fire that spreads
  through forest, I can not be stopped. I kiss her ear, tracing complex trajectories
  of her lobe. I can feel her skin react as tiny hairs on her neck and shoulder
  stand on end. I leave a trail of silver saliva on her shoulder and collarbone
  and then I bite her neck, slowly, but without hesitation.  
She lets out a small scream, but I hold her hands firmly, my other hand holding
  her hair, ensuring she can not move away from me. I use my tongue to caress
  her skin trapped between my teeth and it is only seconds until it becomes very
  sensitive and I can feel her body twitch and hear her sighs. I suck as much
  of it in as I can and that makes her scream in pleasure and fear. After I release,
  I can see a dark red spot on her neck, filled with blood that will turn blue
  by tomorrow morning. I lick my lips and start kissing her face, slowly at first,
  until I stick my tongue into her mouth, find hers and lock it between my lips
  and teeth. I suck and drink her saliva as she struggles to break free from
  my grasp. But even now, I can hear her sigh with pleasure, her delicate nostrils
  widening to provide air.  
We kiss passionately and it lasts long, as I bite her lips and suck her tongue
  and as she struggles to remain free. I decide I have to move to the next stage.  
Gently, but without any hesitation, I pull her up and turn her around. I
  make her kneel down on the sofa as her auburn hair falls over her face. Her
  hands are placed on her back and I bind her wrists together with thick hemp
  rope. She turns her head to look at me and I can see her eyes, scared and passionate
  at the same time, her lips parted, silver in her tongue shining like a star. &quot;Please...
  don't...&quot; she whispers.  
I turn her around and rip at her corset. Her breasts spill out. Her nipples
  are hard and erect and I touch them with my fingers. Just lightly at first,
  enjoying the expressions on her face. Then I take them between my fingers and
  squeeze, slowly increasing the pressure. I can feel her whole body twitch as
  her beautiful eyes go up, as her lips part and she moans.  
Her nipples are wet and salty as I suck on them. Whenever I bite on a nipple
  she screams and sighs, letting me know that my love hurts her and when I look
  into her eyes she says nothing but I can see into her and when I lower my head
  to suck a nipple in again, she closes her eyes and throws her head back.  
Now is the time to move on. Her corset comes off first. Then her skirt. She
  has no panties and her shaven pussy glistens with lust when hit with stray
  rays of light. I untie her boots' straps and leave only her black stockings
  on. With her hands tied on her back, her long legs spread on the sofa, she
  is painfully beautiful and I feel the desire in my lower belly raging.  
I can smell her. She needs it. She wants it. She yearns for it. I will make
  her beg for it.  
But first. I take my clothes off and I see her eyes focus on my cock. It
  is well hard and as I look at her spread beneath me, I slowly pull my foreskin
  back to expose the swollen dark head, small drops of pre-cum on it. I can see
  her eyes following the movements of the head as I slowly stroke my member.  
I am above her, and she knows what I have in stock for her. I take her by
  her hair and bring her head to the level. She closes her eyes and the expression
  on her face is so beautiful right this moment I want to take her in my arms
  and kiss her. But there are roles to be played and I start rubbing my cock
  against her face, touching her eyes, lips and cheeks. It is like touching silk. &quot;No&quot;,
  she begs, but I know what she means. And I put it into her mouth, barely suppressing
  the moan of immense pleasure. This is like diving into a pool of hot tar, I
  feel convulsions in my belly as I slowly move in her mouth. &quot;You are so
  hot&quot;, I can't stop myself from saying this. This is like waking into a
  dream you always suspected was there. My cock becomes so hard I am afraid it
  will burst. The rush of blood, the increased sensitivity.  
And then she begins using her tongue, skilfully, masterfully, she strokes
  my cock, embracing the head with her tongue, running the silver streak in it
  up and down my slit. She sucks and moves her head back and forth. And I can
  not stop myself from letting out loud sighs of pleasure. She sucks my cock
  with dedication and I stroke her hair, because I can see she wants to pleasure
  me. And I love her for that.  
When I take my cock out of her mouth I can see an expression of disappointment
  on her face but only for a second as I bring forth my heavy, shaven balls and
  I can't suppress a yelp as she sucks one in and starts licking it. I rub my
  hot member against her face as she sucks my balls and then I put it in her
  mouth again and can feel her again doing her thing. And I know I can't last
  any more.  
So I pull out and groan with pleasure, feeling my stomach muscles contract.
  I shoot silver and white all over her face and her red hair. She can not avoid
  it and I see my semen fall on her eyelids, on her crimson, wet lips, I shoot
  my sperm on her neck and over her breasts.  
When there is no more, I rub my cock against her tongue as she obediently
  sticks it out and collects precious drops of my cum.  
She looks like an angel right now, bathed in my sperm. I have to kiss her
  and I do. Long, slow, passionate kisses and I hear her sigh. I want to tell
  her that she has given me more than I hoped for, more that I dared dream of
  but it is too early. So I just slowly make my way down her face and neck, kissing
  her, licking her, collecting her sweat and some of my own semen along the way.
  Her body is my altar now and I worship it. I kiss all her curves and I lick
  her skin. I feel her twitch when I start kissing her hips and her thighs. Her
  black, slutty stockings drive me insane and I let my spit fall on them before
  I suck it back in. She is hot and she moans with pleasure when I approach her
  wet, open pussy. I know that she wants it, I know she needs her pussy kissed
  and licked and stroked, but I am in no hurry and I bite her thighs, lick her
  stockings. She rolls her hips as she tries to make me eat her, but she is tied
  down and can not do much. I make my way down her legs, licking the fabric of
  the stockings, going all the way down to her feet. I can feel my cock reacting
  again as I start kissing her beautiful feet. I kiss them and suck her toes,
  through the thin, wet fabric of her stockings. Her breathing becomes sighs
  and her sighs become little moans of pleasure as my cock grows back to its
  full size again. I stroke myself kissing her feet as my erection becomes painful.  
Then I bury my face in her crotch and the scent almost makes me faint. She
  is so wet and open for me. I pull my foreskin back and forth as I use fingers
  of my other hand to spread her pussy and expose the burning red inside to my
  inquiring tongue. Her voice rises to a scream as I start lashing at her clit
  with my tongue. I suck her labia and I shove my tongue down her well lubricated
  cunt. &quot;Oh, God, oh, yes, oh, God, yes, yes&quot; is all she can say as
  I revel in her juices. Her body rocks on the sofa and I now use both my hands
  to take her ankles and spread her legs as far apart as they would go. She is
  completely open and lustful in front of me. And I drink her juices, listening
  to her scream. I know she is nearing the orgasm and I make sure I take her
  ever nearer with every twist of my tongue, always making sure I stop before
  she reaches it. Whenever I feel her hips thrust forward in an effort to push
  herself over the top, I stop sucking her pussy and slowly kiss her thighs,
  her belly, her breasts.  
&quot;Please&quot; she pants, &quot;Please, don't tease me. I need it, please&quot;.
  She is so beautiful and feminine right this moment. I need to give it to her.
  But it has to be on my terms.  
I rise and see the hunger in her eyes as she sees my cock painfully erect,
  ready to take her to her own paradise.  
&quot;Come on, you bastard, fuck me, fuck me now&quot; she orders, her voice
  gravid with lust and need to be pleasured. I reach behind the sofa to take
  what I had prepared even before she came.  
A delicate silk scarf, black and thin. I use it to blindfold her. She is
  trying to move her head away. But she is torn between her fear and her lust.
  She knows she wants to be fucked more than anything, she just doesn't want
  me to know. A funny thing, but that makes her a lady she is. But I know. I
  can smell her.  
Now, she is blindfolded and I turn her around so that she kneels on the sofa,
  her legs apart, her head resting on the pillow. She is open, wet and helpless,
  she is ready to be taken and fucked as I please. Her pussy is so hot. I take
  another bottle of wine and start gently touching her arse and her pussy with
  its neck. The glass is cold and it makes her jump in surprise, but then she
  lets me stroke her and even waves her ass so she can rub her hot pussy crack
  along the bottleneck and press her clit against the glass. Then I open the
  bottle and slowly pour cold wine all over her back and her tied arms and her
  arse and her hot, boiling pussy. She moans aloud as the cold liquid touches
  her burning skin. And then I bow down and start drinking the wine from her
  body. Getting drunk on her.  
As she sighs and rocks her hips to make me eat her all the way to orgasm,
  I reach back and take a candle.  
I make her suck on it and she does. She sucks the candle as if it was a big
  black cock and I know she will do anything, just to reach the orgasm she desires
  so much. So I fuck her in the mouth with a candle and at the same time, I rub
  my own erect member against her thighs, still dressed in sexy black stockings.
  I rub it against her ass and against her wet slit and she moans, muffled by
  the big black candle in her mouth. So I take it out and start rubbing it against
  her pussy as well and she is on the edge. Blindfolded and wet from sweat and
  wine, she is trembling as she needs to be pleasured right now.  
&quot;Please&quot;, her voice cracking from tension &quot;Please, fuck me,
  fuck me, I can't take it any more.&quot; And I laugh aloud so she can hear
  me. &quot;You want me? Are you sure? Tell me you want me&quot; and she moans &quot;Please,
  I need you to fuck me, I need your cock in my pussy, please, fuck me now.&quot; And
  that does it, my cock is bursting with blood and I part her butt-cheeks with
  my hands and shove my throbbing member deep into her.  
She is so wet that I penetrate her deep with extreme ease. I can hear her
  scream as my cock impales her and as I start thrusting into her convulsing
  pussy. She can take it all in, I can sense it and I don't have to be too careful,
  so I grab her hips and pull her onto my cock every time I push my hips forwards.
  My balls slap against her arse every time I stick it into her and she screams
  like a witch being punished.  
&quot;Oh, God, oh, yes, oh, fuck me hard, baby, yes, make me cum please!!&quot; Her
  voice alone would make me do anything she wants to her and looking at her beautiful
  body beneath me, her wrists tied tightly together, her hair falling over one
  shoulder, her back with a tattooed pentagram covered with sweat, the white
  skin of her ass contrasting with the black of her slutty stockings, I know
  why she had to be mine.  
But it has to be my way. And I pull out of her. My cock is covered with her
  juices and I replace it with a candle, still wet from her spit. It fits her
  open, cracked pussy and I pull at her hair, shoving my cock deep into her crimson
  mouth. I want her to taste her own juices, want her to suck the cock that fucked
  her boiling cunt. She is so far in out that she doesn't mind being treated
  like this at all. I see her contracting her pussy muscles around the candle
  in an effort to fuck herself to orgasm with it. And she sucks on my cock as
  if her life depended on it. She is so special.  
I pour more wine all over her face and she drinks it from my cock. Her hair
  is wet from sweat and wine. I know I have to take her over the edge right now.  
So I get behind her again and I take hold of the candle. I start fucking
  her with it faster than she could expect and she is moaning. But then I need
  to get my final pleasure and I steady her hips for a moment, and I violently
  shove my cock deep into her tight ass. Her scream is a scream of surprise,
  a scream of pain, but, I know, also a scream of pleasure. I know, I feel it,
  she fucks me. Even as I move my hips to fuck her slutty tight ass, she rocks
  her bottom and fucks me back in return, screaming without stopping &quot;Oh,
  God, oh, my God, no, oh, you are fucking my ass, oh, baby, it hurts, oh, my
  God, don't stop please!!&quot;. I know she is so close to the orgasm that she
  would take anything I could come up with. And her little asshole chews on my
  cock with such ferocious energy that I realise I won't be able to hold back
  much more. But I have to make her come first, she needs it much more than me,
  she needs release and she deserves the pleasure.  
So I start massaging her little, sensitive clit with my fingers, still shoving
  the candle deep into her cunt. With my cock still pounding her ass, I grab
  her tits and start pinching her rock-hard nipples. And that is when she can't
  take no more. And that is when her body releases a tidal wave.  
I watch her crash and burn beneath me as she screams like a trapped animal,
  as her hips rock up and down, as she fucks my cock and the candle, extracting
  pleasure to the last drop, as her tight anus contracts and releases in spasms
  almost making me come myself, as her nipples become even harder. Her orgasm
  is one of the most beautiful and scary things I have ever seen. And as she
  collapses on the sofa I take her blindfold off and lie beside her kissing her
  gently on the face and lightly stroking her hair with one hand. Her eyes are
  closed and her expression is the one of exquisite pain or pleasure, who could
  say which one? And as I kiss and fondle her, I stroke my cock lightly and it
  only takes several seconds before I shoot my semen once again, this time on
  her stockings, on her thighs and on her pussy. I never stop kissing her and
  telling her how beautiful she is and how wonderful she was. Her kisses are
  passionate, almost desperate. There is so much energy in her, despite what
  she has been through and I wonder, if the roles were different, what might
  have happened...  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dee Driscoll


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





