BDSM Library - Avatar, Book 1:  Establishment




Avatar, Book 1:  Establishment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story is about a man who becomes an Avatar for a sex goddess.
Avatar
Part 1

 	"Beautiful, isn't she?"

	Ken almost jumped out of his skin, all thoughts of the teen he'd just
been eyeing jolted from his head.

	"Jesus!"  he said as his head whipped around, "Where the hell..."  That
was as far as he got - he was  simply too stunned to speak further.  Too many
things converged on his brain at once.

	First and foremost was the woman herself.  Visually, she was the most
perfect woman that he'd ever laid  eyes on.  Her face was delicate, sensuous,
her eyes the purest green and her hair the most beautiful shade of  copper
imaginable.  Since she was sitting across from him, at his table, he could only
see her upper body.  It was  absolutely perfect.  Her breasts were not large,
but looked quite full.  Her nipples easily seen through the thin, elegant tank
top she wore.  Her skin was pale, but not a gross white.   Also bombarding his
sensations was her perfume.  Ken's rapidly clouding brain was unable to describe
it, other than to compare it to the most perfect sex he'd ever had.  Slightly
musky, slightly spicy, clean and completely natural.  Her voice too, was almost
heart stopping.  A bit husky, promising any delight one could wish for, while at
the same time seeming almost innocent of any sexual knowledge.

	Far, far in the back of his brain was a small voice wondering where she
had come from, what she was  doing at his table, and just how the hell she'd
gotten this close and been able to sit down with out him noticing  her.

	She smiled, and Ken felt his world starting to fade.  "What you really
mean,"  came that incredible voice  again, " was how did I get to your table
with out you seeing me, yes?"

	Suddenly, everything snapped back to normal.  Ken could breath again,
and, aside from a very large,  almost painfully erect penis, he felt just as
he'd been before she sat down.  She was still the most beautiful  woman he'd
ever seen, but not nearly as overwhelming.

	His heart beat returning to something resembling normal he said, "Uh,
yeah.  I guess I wasn't paying  attention.  Did you need to sit here?"

	Ken looked around the food court.  It was pretty full, but there were
lot's of other places she could have  sat.

	"It isn't where I came from but why I'm here that you should wonder
about."  Her voice wasn't as  overwhelming as before, but it was still warm,
welcoming and incredibly sexy.

	"I see,"  said Ken, trying to shift to ease position of his still hard
cock.  He was nervous now, aroused  and somewhat annoyed.  One of the reasons
that he liked to come to the mall for lunch was to watch women.   Ken absolutely
loved to watch women.  He didn't leer at them, or approach them and they rarely
caught him  staring at them.  Lunch here was a break from his very unpleasant
job.  Since he was actually pretty much a  loner, it was really one of the more
bright spots in his life.

	It wasn't that he had no friends.  He had plenty of them to pal around
with.  He'd had several girlfriends  in his past as he was neither socially
inept nor unattractive.  But he'd never found one that he'd wanted to stay  with
for a long time.  He never cheated, but every woman he dated had noted, and
mostly disapproved of, his  very roving eye and he enjoyed looking at women too
much to stop.  

	The age of said woman didn't matter - with in limits of course.  If they
were physically pleasing to look  upon, Ken would find himself wondering what
they were like in bed.  What sexual acts they'd tried or would  like to try. 
What things they would admit to a lover that they enjoyed - what secret
fantasies they had.  If they  were very young - twelve or thirteen, he would
wonder if they'd had their first orgasm yet, what sexual  experiences they'd had
or wanted to have.  With older women he wondered what they'd done to please a
lover,  or what their lovers had done to please them.   What fantasies they'd
lived out and what ones they longed for but  felt they could never have.

	"So,"  he continued, "why did you sit here."

	"Because I would like to offer you a deal.  I believe that we can help
each other."

	Ken was now very suspicious.  Strangers offering deals were usually con
artists.  A 'deal' was more  often a euphemism for 'just give me your money'.

	"What sort of 'deal'?"

	"You are suspicious." A look of sadness shown for an instant in those
startling eyes.  It was gone almost  before he registered it. "I know what you
were doing when I arrived.  The beautiful girl you were admiring, you  were
wondering if she'd ever had an orgasm."

	That was, in fact exactly what he'd been wondering.  The sexual
attractiveness of the woman had  returned and he was unable to look away from
her as she continued.

	"Yes, she has had many. She is thirteen and has been having them since
she was ten.  One night, after  her parents thought she was asleep, she snuck
out of her bedroom.  Her parents were watching a pornographic  movie and the
woman on the TV screen was masturbating and obviously enjoying it.  From her
hidden position,  she could see her mother with her legs spread wide being
orally pleasured by her father.  Her pussy began to  swell and when she heard
her mother groaning like the woman on the screen her small nipples began to
ache.   The woman on the screen orgasmed in a loud voice and her mother was not
far behind.  Melissa - that is the  girl's name - snuck upstairs.  She removed
her pajama bottoms and tried to repeat what she'd seen the woman on  the screen
doing.  She pulled her small nipples and rubbed her slick sex feeling the
pleasure spread in her body.   She achieved orgasm not long after.

	"Melissa is a very sexual person.  She is also very frustrated. Because
she is so young she is sometimes  scared of sex and the pleasure it brings. 
This does not stop her from masturbating daily."

	During this recitation, Ken had been mesmerized by those deep green
eyes.  It was almost as if he could  actually see the scene that she'd been
describing, almost as if he'd been there himself, watching the preteen  pleasure
herself for the first time.  His cock was throbbing with pleasure and unreleased
sexual tension.  He  could feel the precum soaking into his underwear.  When she
stopped speaking, it took a moment for him to get  himself back under control.

	"You tell a good story.  There's no way you could know that."

	"Shall I call her over?"  asked the woman with a wide smile.  "I can
have her describe it herself."

	Ken had panicked visions of police arresting them both for child
molestation, and the girl screaming for  her mother.

	Again, there was that flash of sadness in her eyes.  She sighed.  "Your
people are so... strange.  You  deny your own sexuality, yet use it for
currency.  You deny sexuality to those who are below some artificially  created
age, yet exploit them in secret, subtle ways while longing for the youth that
they have and you do not."

	Ken looked at her.  He had to admit that he'd often thought the same
things himself - not that it would be  anything but a jail term to outwardly
express those feelings.

	"I can see that a demonstration is the only thing I can give that will
convince you that what I offer is  real."

	Offer?  What the hell was she talking about?  "Um... what offer? Your
deal?"

	"Yes," she replied.  "Choose.  Choose a female from this crowd and I
will give you a demonstration of  what I am offering."

	Ken wanted to refuse.  The last thing he needed was a scene in the mall. 
He had no desire to be arrested  and if this woman accosted someone it would
take a long time to convince the police that he wasn't involved in  whatever she
was about to do.  Hell, he didn't even know her name!   Ken started to get up.

	"Choose one now."

	Ken froze.  For a second he was unable to take his eyes from the woman. 
She was achingly beautiful  and overwhelmingly desirable.  At that point, he
would do anything for her.  He scanned the crowd and the  pressure to obey her
eased.  The girl they had spoken of earlier was just finishing her meal and
getting up to go.   He could have chosen her, but decided not to.  If he did,
how would he ever know if this had been a put up job?

	He started looking for another woman.  It was a hot day and this was a
popular mall, so there were many  women with very little clothing to hide their
charms.  He picked one at random, a hot blond with a cropped shirt  and small
breasts who was heading toward a table with her tray.  She had long, tan legs
with very short shorts  on and tennis shoes with low sports socks on.  Ken
turned to tell the woman of his choice and when he did, she  only smiled at him
and nodded for him to look back over his shoulder.

	He did and saw the blond stop for a moment, the continue, this time
heading straight for their table.  She  had a relaxed, sexy smile on her face
and said not a word to Ken as she sat down at their table.  Her eyes were  glued
to the woman.

	"Tell us your name, sweetheart," said the woman.  The sound of her voice
alone was almost enough to  make him cum. 

	The girl shivered and goose bumps appeared on her arms.  The points of
her nipples were easily visible  beneath her top.

	"Connie."

	"Hello Connie.  You can call me Lea and this is Kenneth"

	"Hi Lea."  Connie's voice was soft, and somewhat tentative.  Her skin
was starting to get flushed and her  breathing increased.  Ken wasn't in much
better shape.  Idly he wondered how Lea had known his name.

	Lea smiled, and if Ken could have cum right there, he would have. 
Connie gave a soft moan and closed  her eyes for a second.

	"There are so many things you'd like to do, wouldn't you Connie.  But
you are afraid - afraid that if you  were found out, no one would like you.  But
you're wrong.  You can tell us what you'd like."

	Connie actually whimpered this time as Lea leaned close to her.  "It's
OK Connie.  Tell us.  Tell us a  little about yourself, then tell us what you
would like to do to me.  Because I will let you do it, and I will not  make fun
of you.  I will enjoy every second of what you wish to give me."

	Connie was panting now and sweat had formed on her chest.  "I'm nineteen
and I like sports and all the  normal stuff I guess.  I know it's in style for
girls to be bi-sexual and all, but while almost all the girls I know  *say* they
would sleep with another girl, I can tell that they're too afraid to actually do
it.  My problem is I  really want to.  But I want, need, to have the other woman
control me, make me experience her and tell me to  do whatever she wants me to
do."

	"But you want her to make you do certain things, don't you Connie?"
asked Lea.

	"Yes."  Connie's reply was almost a whisper, but it was full of sexual
need.

	The noise of the food court had faded away.  It seemed as if only the
three of them were there.  Lea's  voice was a low purr of erotic sound. "Tell me
Connie, what things do you want me to make you do?"

	"You should make me strip in front of you.  Make me masturbate while
begging you to let me eat you.  Make me show you how wet my panties are, tell me
to smell and taste them .  Don't let me cum though.  I want  to feel your
orgasm, I want you to squirt cum in my mouth, when I give you an orgasm. 
Completely fill it with  your cum - more than I could swallow.  Finally, when I
can take no more, I want you to make me push my  tongue deep into your asshole
while you whip my clit.  Then you let me have my orgasm."


	"You see Ken?  Does that sound nice to you?"

	Of course it did.  Sex between two women was one of Ken's top interests. 
He nodded, almost as  enthralled as Connie was.

	"Good, I thought it might."  Her voice now took on a more commanding
air.  Not overbearing, just calm,  confident and very, very sexy.  "Connie,
stand up and remove everything but your panties, socks and shoes."

	Connie stood and Ken's eyes bulged.  On the one hand, he was more
aroused then he'd ever been in his  life.  On the other hand, some small voice
in the back of his mind was screaming that they were in the middle of  a public
place.  He couldn't move though, couldn't utter a word.  The panic was there,
but over road by the  deepest lust he'd ever felt in his life.

	Connie smiled a sexy little smile.  Her movements showed that she was
somewhat shy about her body  (Shy! his mind screamed, we're in the middle of a
fucking mall!!), but that she was going to do as she had been  told.  She
reached for the bottom of her crop top and pulled it over her head.  Her bra was
thin and white.  She  unsnapped it and slowly removed it, exposing white breasts
with small but very erect, pink nipples.  She put her  clothes on the chair
behind her and reached for her shorts.  She unsnapped them and wiggled out of
them.   When she bent to pick them up, Ken almost groaned.  Her ass was SO hot,
and the tiny pair of black panties did  nothing to hide it.

	"Put your hands behind your head and let us look at your Connie."

	The girl complied and the position lifted up her breasts and displayed
them very well.  Ken admired her  flat stomach with the small ring in her belly
button.  Why hadn't he noticed that before?

	Lea spoke to him.  "You notice the belly button ring?  It was not there
before, but Connie has wanted  one for years.  Her mother has told her no, but
for this fantasy, I thought it would be nice for her to have it.

	"Now Connie, I know you want to eat my pussy, don't you?"

	"Yes... please, I really do."  Connie's voice was almost a whisper, but
Ken had no trouble hearing her.

	"You'll have to prove it to me though.  You are so beautiful.  Play with
yourself.  Play with your tits and  cunt and show me what a little slut you are. 
If I believe you are enjoying it enough, I'll allow you to eat me."

	The crude words coming from Lea's mouth sort of shocked Ken.  But
looking at Connie, he could  somehow tell that they were a part of her fantasy.

	"Yes ma'am."  She said as she turned and moved her food tray out of the
way.   She lay back on the table  with her pussy pointing toward Lea and her
legs widely spread.  With one hand she rubbed her cloth covered  pussy and with
the other she started pinching and pulling her nipples.  Lea motioned for Ken to
join her on her  side of the table and pushed her chair back from it.  For a
moment, Ken was completely distracted by seeing the  rest of Lea.

	She was absolutely the most perfect woman he'd ever seen.  Her legs,
well displayed by an extremely  short skirt, where long and lean.  The high
heeled sandals she wore graced a beautiful pair of feet.  He was  unable to tell
more since she was sitting down, and his appreciation of her was interrupted by
a groan from the  teen now writhing on the table.

	"Please mistress, please.  Oh, let me eat you, please, god please sit on
my face and use my mouth."

	Lea smiled as she rose from her chair and Ken was completely captivated
by her looks.  A very slim  waist and hips that flared just perfectly and made
him want to put his hands around her and bend her over.... 	 	"Later
Ken.  Perhaps.  This is Connie's fantasy and there are no men in it."

	She turned to the girl on the table and Ken eyes were drawn to her
sweating form.

	"Pull off those panties.  Show me how much you want me.  And Connie,
it's 'Goddess' not 'God'."

	In a flash, Connie lifted her hips and slid off her panties.  She sat up
on the table, her legs spread with  the panties in one hand offering them to
Lea.

	"Show me, turn them inside out.  Show me your wetness."

	Connie blushed, but complied and Ken's eye's drifted between her legs. 
Her pussy was quite beautiful  and she obviously kept it neatly trimmed.  There
was a strip of dark blond hair on her mons and each outer lip  also had neatly
trimmed hair on it.  Those swollen lips were open and the inner lips appeared to
be stuck  together from her wetness.  The area was red from her rubbing.

	"Show me your arousal.  Put your panties to your nose and inhale your
scent."  Connie complied, lifting  the cloth to her face and inhaling.  "Does
your scent arouse you?"

	"Yes Lea.  It is very sexy.  Please, I'd like to smell your scent. 
Please, will you let me?"

	"Soon,"  Lea smiled.  "It's almost time for that.  But first, it will
turn me on if I see you taste yourself.  If  you do that, if you taste yourself
from your panties, I will let you eat me."

	Connie seemed to be loosing her shyness.  With a coy look on her face,
she lifted the wet pad of her  panties to her face.  Her pink tongue emerged
from her lips and she slowly licked it, making a show of tasting  her lubricant.

	"Thank you Connie.  Now lay down so that I may use you for my pleasure."

	Ken didn't think he could get any more aroused, but he was wrong.  Lea
got on the table and squatted  over Connie's face while pulling up her skirt. 
Ken was mesmerized by the most perfect pussy he'd ever seen.   He could smell
her aroused scent, and it started to make him crazy.  He couldn't move, which
was the only thing  keeping him from taking out is cock and relieving himself
with his hand or better yet, plunging it into Connie's  soaked cunt.

	Connie was going wild, licking and slurping Lea's wet sex and moaning. 
Her hips were gyrating in the  air and her inner lips and opened.  Ken could
easily see her cream oozing from her small cunt hole.  But he only  glanced at
that.  He was really riveted to the junction of Lea's legs and the incredible
view of Connie pushing  her face as deep into that wonderful pussy as she could. 
Lea's hips were starting to rock and it appeared that her  orgasm was near.

	"This is Connie's fantasy, Ken," said Lea.  "Remember that all fantasies
are not realistic, or they  wouldn't be fantasies.   Connie wanted her mouth
filled with my cum and women don't produce that much fluid.   But I will.  For
her, I will fill her mouth to overflowing because that is what she wants."

	With that comment, Lea began to shudder.  She grabbed Connie's nipples
in her fingers and pulled the  small nubs far from her breasts.  Connie
squealed, but Ken could see thick fluid beginning to run down her  cheeks.  He
could see her throat working as she swallowed Lea's cum.  Still, he couldn't
move and his desire  rose almost to the point of madness.

	Lea ceased her shuddering and spoke while lifting her sex slightly off
Connie's mouth.  "That was  excellent Connie.  You're a very good little cunt
licker.  But that's not all I want and you know it."

	"Oh please mistress.  Don't make me do that.  Please, it's so degrading. 
Tell me you'll just let me cum."

	Ken remembered, through his sexual haze, that Connie had asked to be
made to tongue fuck Lea's ass.   He wondered how Lea was going to make that come
true.  He didn't wonder long as he saw a pair of nipple  camps and a crop in
Lea's hands.

	"Remember Ken - it's a fantasy.  She wants this."  Lea, still squatting
over Connie's face as she attached  the clamps to the girl's small nipples. 
Connie squeaked each time, panting through her nose.  A large drop of  Lea's
cunt juice slid off one perfect lip to land on Connie's mouth.  Lea then took
the crop and slapped it on  Connie's open sex.  The girl groaned, but didn't
even try to close her legs.

	The crop fell again and Lea started pulling on the chain between the
nipple clamps.  "Beg me.  You need  it and you know it.  Beg to eat my ass, to
slide your tongue into it."

	But Connie resisted, and her nipples were pulled even harder and the
crop fell between her legs with a  rather loud splat.  Ken was beyond arousal
now, he had never before experienced the feelings running through  him.  The
mall was completely forgotten and he was as captivated as Connie was by what was
happening.  The  crop fell again and he almost groaned out loud.  BDSM was his
top sexual interest and this was almost too  much for him to take.  Connie's
hips were jerking with each fall of the crop and Lea was now cruelly pulling on 
the nipple chain.

	"She loves this - it's been one of her darkest fantasies for years.  To
have someone 'make' her do these  things," said Lea looking at Ken.  She
returned her attention to the girl beneath her.  "Beg me slut.  I won't stop 
until you do."  The crop slapped down harder and Connie yelped.  But her hips
were rising to meet the crop.

	"Please, PLEASE, let me do it.  I'll tongue fuck your asshole, but don't
stop!"

	Lea pushed her asshole over Connie's mouth, and Ken saw the teen's
tongue start to lick over the  sensitive hole.  Lea's cunt was really leaking
and juice was dribbling down onto Connie's chin and throat.  It  didn't take
long for Connie to spear Lea's asshole with her tongue and push deep.  Lea
didn't let up on the girl  either.  She ground her ass onto the teen's face and
continued to pull her nipples and whip her cunt with the  crop.

	Soon, Ken could hear the muffled shrieks of the girl as she came.  Her
whole body stiffened and her  chest flushed a deep red as the crop smacked her
sex again and again.  Finally, exhausted, the teen stopped  moving and Lea got
off the table.  The crop and nipple clamps were nowhere to be seen.  Nor was
Connie's  bellybutton ring.  Ken's arousal, however, had diminished not at all.

	Lea pulled down her skirt and sat in the chair next to Ken.  She wasn't
flushed at all, but looked very  smug.  The only real evidence of what she'd
done was the strong scent of sex surrounding her and a sort of  glowing deep in
her eyes.

	They watched as Connie got off the table and leaned over to kiss Lea. 
Lea returned the kiss while  running her hands over the girl's body.

	"Get dressed now lover,"  said Lea.

	Ken watched the girl get dressed and sit down on the chair, her eyes
never leaving Lea.  She looked  peaceful and very content, but there was no
other evidence that anything had happened .  Ken was anything but.   His lust
was not diminished at all.

	"Would you like me to relieve you Ken?  If you sit on the table, I will
ease your lust."

	Ken found he could move again.  Somehow, the fact that they were in the
crowded food court still didn't  impinge directly on his consciousness.  He
quickly sat on the table, and Lea opened his pants and freed his  cock.

	She bent her lips to it, and breathed on it slightly.  Ken's hips jerked
in response.  He could never  remember a time when he'd been this sensitive.  If
she put her mouth on it, he was sure that he'd only last about  a second.

	Lea slid her lips over his cock and took him right down to the root. 
The feeling was incredible - no  blowjob he'd ever had, had felt like her mouth
closing on his flesh.  Ken's penis wasn't overly long, but it was  very thick. 
He'd never had  a woman able to take that much of it, never mind take it with
such ease.  The  resulting explosion of cum that he expected, however, did not
occur.  Pleasure like he'd never known flowed  through his body as she expertly
milked his organ with her tongue.

	He was now getting a little wild.  She was almost overloading him with
pleasure with just her mouth.   His frantic humping motions produced no gagging
or recoil from Lea, she simply and easily accepted his cock,  raising and
lowering his pleasure, playing him in ways he'd never thought were possible. 
When he finally  came, long after he'd thought he would, he almost passed out. 
He literally saw stars as he pumped load after  load into Lea's eager mouth.

	She knew just when to stop the friction, just how long to hold him in
her mouth and just when to release  him.  He'd had good sex before, or at least
he thought that he had.  This was something beyond any experience  he'd ever
had.

	When he finally regained enough strength, he put his cock back into his
pants and looked at the woman  who had just so thoroughly pleased two lovers. 
She was still the sexiest woman he'd ever seen and the glow  had returned to her
eyes.  He wondered if he should offer to please her.  He wondered if he even
could.  Ken felt  contentment and peace suffuse his body and mind in a way that
he'd never felt before.

	When he got off the table, after zipping up his pants, the sounds and
smells of the food court returned.   He looked around somewhat confused, then
realized that considerable time had passed.  There was so much to  ask and
figure out and he had to be back at that fucking job!

	"Sit Ken," said Lea.  "Now that the edge is off, perhaps it is time to
speak of our deal."  She smiled and  looked at Connie.  "My dear, you have been
wonderful.  But perhaps you should finish your lunch at another  table, hmm?"

	"Oh, yes.  Umm, I'm sorry, it just looked like there was nowhere else to
sit.  I'm sorry to have disturbed
you."

	"Oh it was no problem, dear," replied Lea.  "Perhaps we'll see each
other again."

	"I'd like that, " said Connie with a small smile.  She had a bit more
sway to her hips as she walked to an
empty table, and she glanced over to look back at Lea once.

	Ken was quite alarmed, now that he could think clearly again.  What the
hell had just gone on?  Surely,
that had to have been a hallucination!  People didn't just fuck unnoticed in the
middle of a  mall with no one
commenting on it!

	But the dampness of his cock in it's still slightly thickened state
attested to the fact that something had
happened. 

	"You are confused," said Lea. "There is no need to be confused or
alarmed.   No one noted what
happened, any more than they would note the details of a persons daydream.  Look
at your watch."

	Ken did and felt the blood drain from his face.  There was no way,
absolutely no WAY that only five
minutes had passed since Lea had walked over here.

	"What the fuck is going on?  Who ... what are you?"  Ken would have
started to rise, but those eyes held
him to his chair.

	"As I have said, there is nothing for you to be worried about.  So,
shall we speak of my deal?"

	Ken found he was still quite afraid, but he couldn't leave.  Licking dry
lips he said, "OK, so what is this
deal?"

	"Would you like the power to do what I just did?  To know the fantasies
of a woman, to grant them,
experience them for yourself?"

	"You're kidding, right?  I'm not even sure *I* believe what just
happened.  This is a lot to think through,
to accept, "  replied Ken.

	"Yes, it is.  But I will tell you that my offer is real.  I can, and
will if you so desire, give you that power."

	"But why?  I mean, let's just say that I can get my brain around all
this and believe that it happened. 
Why would you give that power to me?"

	Lea leaned back in her chair.  "When you have come to believe that I can
give you this power, I will tell
you.  It is important that you understand why I would grant it to you before you
accept it."  She slid something
across the table to him.  It was a ring sitting on a piece of paper.

	"What's this?" he asked, not daring to touch it.

	Lea smiled.  "Once you leave here, you will begin to doubt that this
ever happened.  You will convince
yourself that you were daydreaming.  So.  Take the ring and wear it - it goes on
your right forefinger.  You will
know then that this did happen and what I offer you is real.  When you finally
decide, speak my name and we
will talk again."

	Ken looked at the ring.  The metal was the same copper color as her
hair, and the oval stone was the
same green as her eyes.  He looked up to ask another question but saw she was
gone.  Ken half stood and
looked around, but there was no sign of her in the crowd.


End part 1




Avatar

Part 2

    	Ken looked at the ring.  He picked it up.  It felt heavy and slightly
warm.  Almost without thinking, he  slipped it onto his right forefinger.  The
fit was perfect and it felt... right.  Comfortable.  Glancing down at the  paper
he saw there were numbers on it.  How odd, he thought as he read the six
numbers. Shrugging,  he put the paper in his pocket and started to work his way
out of the food court.

    	Had that all happened?  Now that Lea was no longer there, it felt almost
like a dream.  As she had said, without the solid evidence of the ring on his
finger, he would have already dismissed the encounter as a day dream.  Just as
he was about to enter the mall proper, he looked over at the table where Connie
was sitting.  He started toward her, then stopped.  What the hell would he say
to her?  Would she remember him?  Would she be embarrassed?

    	Steeling himself, he walked to her table.  He put a smile on his face
and stepped into her line of vision.   She looked up from her meal.

    	"Hi," she said with a smile.  "Can I... help you?"

    	"I'm sorry,"  he replied, "I don't mean to disturb you.  Is your name
Connie?"

    	She frowned slightly.  "Yes.  Do I know you from somewhere?"  Her tone
was just slightly colder now.   Now what was he going to say?

    	"No, no we don't know each other.  But you aren't the um... same Connie. 
I know it sounds lame, but a friend of mine described someone who looked a bit
like you and said her name was Connie.  She said that I should pass on a hello."

    	"Oh,"  the frown disappeared.  "Who was it?"

    	"Her name was Lea."

    	Connie wrinkled her forehead in thought.  "I don't think I know anyone
by that name."

    	"Ah... well, I'm sorry to have disturbed you.  Have a nice day."  Ken
turned and left before the girl could  say anything else.  This was confusing. 
He knew the girl's name, but she didn't know, or at least claimed not to know,
either him or Lea.  Ken turned and started for the mall entrance.  It was time
to go back to work.

    	On his way out, he started to pass by a little kiosk that sold gum,
candy, magazines and such.  He stopped to pick up a pack of gum and looked up at
the lotto board.  It was up to 80 million.  He smiled.  Assuming that the
average was two tickets to a person, that made 40 million fools.  Ken didn't see
the  difference between buying lottery tickets and tossing your money into a
trashcan. 

    	When he pulled the money out of his pocket for the gum, a piece of paper
fluttered to the ground.  He bent to pick it up and saw it was the one that Lea
had left him.  The one with six numbers on it.

    	You gotta be kidding, he thought.  OK fine, I'll play your little game.

    	Ken bought two tickets, one of which used the numbers on the paper and
walked away thinking, Well,  there's 40 million and one fools now.

    	Back in the office he sat in his cube.  Truthfully, he thought of it as
more of a cell.  There was nothing of himself in it; no pictures, no comics, no
plants.  Only his briefcase and a coffee cup that required cleaning.  He logged
onto his computer and brought up the latest architecture schematics that he was
working on.  Once, he'd enjoyed what he did.  But in the last 15 years  the work
culture that corporations had fostered had sucked all the joy from creating
anything.  Nothing mattered but the bottom line.

    	As he tried to work, he found his attention wandering more and more
often to his encounter in the mall.   After almost an hour of trying to get
something done, he sat back and sighed.  His cock was hard once again and his
mind remembered the utter contentment he'd felt after the blowjob that Lea had
given him.  Usually, the intensity of an experience faded with time, but this
had not.  Plus, he remembered every second of her actions  with Connie.

    	Ken gave up and went to get a Pepsi.  Of course, he had to rearrange his
cock, since visions of Lea and  Connie together were still in the forefront of
his brain.

    	Some of his co-workers were chatting by the soda machine.  The usual
greetings were exchanged.  Ken  was unsurprised by the small gathering.   After
all, the two new girls were there.

    	Fresh out of collage, the company loved these kids.  They had no idea
how fucked up the corporation  really was and were eager to get experience. 
Plus, they were willing to work at the low wages offered and had  all the latest
knowledge.  Ken involved himself in the congenial conversation while eyeing one
of the two girls. 

    	They were both quite attractive, but Genie was definitely the hotter of
the two and always had a flock of  guys sniffing around her.  Ken was not one of
them.  Hooking up with women from the office was never a good idea.  Still, that
didn't stop him from appreciating what the women looked like.

    	He surreptitiously eyed her as he drank his Pepsi and hovered on the
fringe of the group.  She was quite  cute, with short brown hair, brown eyes, a
very nice ass and what he thought were C cup breasts.  He continued  to stare at
her, thinking of her breasts and wondering what they'd feel like in his hands.

    	Firm, he thought, and her dark, sensitive nipples would respond to the
slightest touch.  He knew that  when she became aroused she loved to have them
squeezed, almost to the point of pain.  This morning, as she  lay in her bed
masturbating, she had one hand rubbing in a circular motion over her aroused sex
and the other  pulling on the hard nipple of her left breast.  She moaned,
wishing for a lover, and slid one slim finger into her  core.  This finger soon
found its way into her mouth, and she longed for a hard cock to slide into her
depths, fuck her to orgasm, then finish in her mouth so that she could taste
their cum.

    	"... really kinda sucks.  Isn't that right Ken?" asked Jimmy.

    	Ken was startled.  What the hell had happened?  What had Jimmy just
said?  Oh yeah, something about  the health plan.

    	"Yeah, it did used to be better," replied Ken, relieved that his little
lapse into fantasy had gone  unnoticed. "But costs continue to rise, unlike our
pay,"  everyone laughed, "and someone's gotta foot the bill.   You didn't think
the company was going to do that, did you?"

    	There was general agreement from people, and Ken made an excuse and went
back to his cube.  He sat  in his chair and tried to ignore the throbbing in his
pants.  This was really strange.  He would have been willing  to bet anything he
owned that Genie's breasts really did have dark, sensitive nipples and that she
really had been  masturbating that morning, exactly as he'd imagined.

    	The memory was clear.  He could hear her quiet moans, smell her arousal
and taste the salty fluid on her  finger as it slid into her mouth.  He shook
his head again, his cock harder than ever.   He wished that there was  some way
that he could relieve himself.  Maybe that would get these thoughts out of his
head.

    	The rest of the afternoon went slowly and Ken had a great amount of
difficulty concentrating and he  actually left a bit early.  He hadn't intended
to, but shortly after the incident with Genie, she appeared in his cube.  She
had some reason to speak to him that he knew with absolute certainty was a
thinly veiled excuse to see him.  That was very strange as, aside from casual,
friendly conversation, she had never sought him out for any reason.  As they
stood there talking, images began to flood his brain.

    	Genie's first orgasm, the first time she had sex, what she liked in bed,
what she fantasized about and  those things that she'd never admit to being
excited by.  She loved the thought of a man taking her in her cunt,  then ass,
then mouth.  Feeling helpless as he pounded into her, reveling in the freedom
that having no choice in  the matter gave her.  She fantasized about bondage,
but was too shy to mention it to a lover and somehow Ken  knew that unless
something changed, she'd go the rest of her life denied that experience.

    	She was wet right now, he knew.  When she left here, she planned to go
back to her cube and masturbate.  She wouldn't allow herself to cum, but would
just tease herself.  Tonight, when she got home, her  cunt would be all hot and
sticky and she'd hold her soiled panties to her face, breathing in her musk as
she  frigged herself to orgasm.  It would be wonderful, but like so many other
times, she would lie there afterward  and wish for a lover to be her Master.

    	Ken pulled himself together, forcing these thoughts from his mind.  He
focused on Genie, hoping that  she hadn't noticed his lapse.  She was standing
there with a dreamy look on her face, saying absolutely nothing.    Ken watched
for a moment, fascinated by her stillness.

    	"Well,"  she said as if she hadn't just been standing there almost like
a statue, "I'll talk to you later.  I  need to get back to my cube." She colored
a pretty shade of red as she said that, almost as if she knew that he  knew
exactly what she would do when she got back there.

    	Ken shook his head.  What the hell was up with him?  First the thing
with Lea, and now this.  He stood,  once again having to rearrange his very
erect cock.  Ken was beginning to get frightened and somewhat  frustrated.  He
was also quite aroused and there was no way to relieve it.  Certainly sitting in
this fucking cube  wasn't going to help.

    	He decided that stretching his legs was in order and exited the cube. 
He wandered down the hall, then  headed outside for a moment.  As he leaned
against the wall, drinking in the bright sunshine, he tried to calm  himself. 
Surely, this was all his imagination.   Lea had said that she could give him the
power to do exactly  what he was experiencing but only if he accepted her deal. 
He hadn't.  Had she decided to do it anyway?

    	He shook his head.  This was absolute crazy.  Things like this didn't
happen, they were impossible.  He  looked at the beautiful ring on his hand.  It
was also impossible for what had occurred at the mall to happen, but  he was
sure it had.  To doubt that was to doubt his own sanity.

    	"Ken, how are you?"  Ken looked up as his boss hailed him.  She was all
right as bosses went.  Neither  good nor bad.  She had to have been closing on
fifty, with iron gray hair, a thick body and a no nonsense attitude.  She'd go
to bat for you - as long as it wouldn't put her in jeopardy.

    	Suddenly Ken didn't know what to say.  If he started talking to her,
would he be able to read her as he  had Genie?  Christ that was the absolute
LAST thing he wanted!

    	The short conversation they held went without incident.  Ken had no
flashes into her inner sexual world  (thank god) and she was quite effective in
dampening his arousal.  Ken returned to his cube deep in thought.

    	What was going on here?  Had Lea been just giving him a taste of what
things would be like with this  power?  Would he be a slave to other people's
fantasies?  That thought was not particularly appealing since, by  nature, he
was quite dominant.  But he'd picked up nothing from his boss, so perhaps Lea
had only been giving him a taste of what it would be like.  Ken shook his head. 
He was acting as if what had happened was all real.  He decided to see what
would happen if he talked to someone else.

    	Slipping Lea's ring off and putting it into his pocket, Ken left his
cube to go see Jane.  He really liked her and they worked quite well together. 
She'd had someone in her life since he'd known her or he would have been tempted
to break his no office dating rule.

    	In addition to being one of the few competent people around, she was
very attractive.  She was about five eight,  had shoulder length, curly brown
hair and a beautiful figure.  Her very narrow waist flowed into hips just the
right width, and long, strong legs that she would show off in mid thigh skirts. 
Her breasts seemed firm and heavy and he'd occasionally seen the outline of her
nipples through one of her silk shirts.  Once, he even thought he'd seen a
nipple ring, but he couldn't be sure.  She had a wonderful smile, blue eyes and
always smelled very sexy in a subtle sort of way.  She also loved to flirt - and
they'd flirted enough for him to guess that she wouldn't be adverse to the kinds
of sexual activates that interested him.

    	He walked into her cube, "Hey, Jane, how ya doin'?"

    	She spun in her chair, giving him a wide grin.  "Fine.  What brings your
exalted presence here?"

    	"Oh, just thought I'd stop by and see how the little people were doing."

    	"Yeah," she relied.  "I noticed one of the 'little people' hanging out
in your cube.  One of the very cute,  very available little people."          	
"What are you talking about?"

    	Her smile grew wider as she replied. "I saw Genie in your cube chatting
you up.  I almost went over to  save her from the wolf, but it seems she escaped
intact."

    	"Wolf?  Me?  You wound me!  Surely you don't think that I'd take
advantage of a sweet young thing like  that.  Hell, just think of all the hours
it'd take to train her."

    	Suddenly, Jane's whole demeanor changed as she leaned forward, a smoky
sort of fire in her eyes.   "Some of us train up better than other, you know. 
If fact," she continued, licking her lips, "some of us are  already very well
trained."

    	She wasn't kidding, Ken knew.  Jane thought she was gay until she was
twenty.  She liked women, but was very shy and other than one girl that she'd
been with in High School, she'd had sex with no one.  When she was almost 20,
Jane already knew what kind of sex she liked.  But she needed to know if she
liked men.  Eddie, the guy who took her cherry, was quite forceful with her. 
They'd both gotten a little drunk and, as the old story goes, one thing had led
to another.  Eddie was a nice guy and after making absolutely sure that she
wanted to lose her virginity, he'd actually had to hold her down to take it. 
While vocal protestation had never occurred to her,  she'd struggled physically. 
The first time she struggled, he'd backed off, to her annoyance, and she made it
plain that if he wanted it, he'd better take it now, otherwise the deal, so to
speak, was off.

    	Eddie had a bit of a Dom streak in him, or so it seemed to Ken as he
watched the scene unfold, and  easily held the lighter woman under him.  Jane
already knew she was submissive.  Sliding into her cunt had been ecstasy for him
and quite painful for her.  If he'd known how much he was hurting her, he'd have
stopped, but she never told him.  The pain rolled through her belly accompanied
by cramps and a tearing sensation when he slid into her.  But she was soaking
wet, and the pleasure she got from the pain drove her wild. 

    	She'd stopped fighting him as soon as he had a firm grip on her.  Her
tightness and heat drove him to  wildly slam his cock into her sex.  He wasn't
particularly large, which, Ken knew, was a good thing since Jane  wouldn't have
stopped him even if he really had been hurting her.  She was too deep into
something that, years later, she would come to know as subspace.

    	He knew he could sample any of the times she had had sex, or any of her
fantasies.  It was easy to do.  One memory caught his attention - had it been
fantasy or real?  She was on her knees in front of her roommate in the college
dorm, eagerly sucking the remains of Annie's boyfriend's cum from her wet sex
while he sprawled on the floor watching, his cock still wet from it's recent
withdrawal.  Jane's own boyfriend, a different one from her first time, was
slamming into her asshole with his rock hard cock.  It hurt, and it was
humiliating to have her hands tied while being used like this, but she'd had so
many orgasms that she could barely count them.  Yup- that had happened.

    	He could see her history, she was a committed submissive, a completely
bisexual masochist, who would  do almost anything for the right Master or
Mistress.  At the moment, she was owned by a woman, which was  why her current
fantasy involved two men.  Her mistress didn't like men very much so Jane never
got to have  sex with one.  Jane knew that, as much as she enjoyed her time with
the woman, if that didn't change, she'd have to leave her service. 

    	Her current fantasy had two men using her.  She imagined that she was
tied and suspended in Japanese  rope bondage.  Her hands were tied to her elbows
behind her back and her ankles were tied to her thighs.   Thick, tight ropes
suspended her in the air, cutting into her belly, upper arms and thighs.  The
base of each breast had been tightly wrapped with scratchy hemp until her heavy
tits were swollen and throbbing.   Her nipple rings had been replaced by bars
and vicious clamps had been clamped over each nipple.  This had the effect of
crushing her nipples from the inside and outside, since the clamps had been
carefully placed over each bar.  Heavy weights swung from each clamp.

    	Her legs were pulled wide apart, completely exposing her sex to the
mercies of one of the men.  But  there was no mercy.  He was forcefully shoving
her huge cock into her only slightly lubricated asshole, fucking  her ruthlessly
while her cunt slime literally dripped from her sex.  He also had a crop that he
used to welt her ass  with when he felt like it.

    	At her other end, a dental gag had been applied.  Saliva drooled freely
from her mouth, pooling on the  floor as the other man fucked her throat.  He
was too big for her to take without gagging and choking, but that turned her on
all the more.  He had a short whip in his hands and was using it to hit the
sides of her swollen breasts.  One man called a switch and they both pulled out. 
She watched through dazed eyes as the other cock, stained from her asshole,
approached her mouth.

    	Ken blinked and drew in a breath.  His cock was a solid rock, aching
with the need for release  Jane sat  there looking like she was daydreaming,
with smile on her face.  Both nipples were swollen and he could easily  see the
outline of the bars through them.  He knew, somehow, that it took a high level
of arousal for them to  show like this.  Her scent reached him, light sweat
mixed with her perfume and he knew that he absolutely had  to get out of there. 

    	He fled.  Almost ran to his cube, gathered up his things and bolted for
the parking lot.  Fortunately, he  passed on no one the way out.

    	The drive home was just a blur and the next thing he knew, he was at his
small house.  He went inside, dropped off his things and stood in the living
room trying to sort through what had happened.   It was simple to reach the only
two conclusions.

    	1) He was going insane and had started to hallucinate.

    	2)  Lea had somehow given him the power to read women's fantasies.

    	Since he was looking at the ring she'd given him, it seemed that,
however unlikely, the second possibility was the correct answer.  Perhaps, he
mused, now calm in his own house, it wasn't him.  Perhaps it was the ring that
had somehow given him this power.  Wait, he frowned to himself, that wasn't
right.  He'd taken it off before the incident with Jane.  Of course, he'd still
had it with him.  Perhaps if the ring wasn't in contact with him?                	
Well, that was easily tested, he thought, and pulled it off, setting it on the
coffee table.  Now all he had to do was find a woman.  Ken left his house to
walk to the corner store which was only a few blocks away.  He never made it. 

      	He walked down the sidewalk, determined to find a woman and see if the
ring was somehow causing all this.  At the corner, there were some people
waiting for the light to change.  He didn't pay too much attention to them since
his goal was the 7-11.  He figured that there might be someone there who was
female.  He finally noticed two teen girls who were also waiting at the light. 
One gave him a sidelong glance and their eyes met.  Time slowed.

    	Judy had beautiful eyes.  It was the first thing he noticed.  She wasn't
happy with her body though - she thought her breasts were too small.  She was
fourteen and just that morning...

    	Ken lost contact when a horn beeped.  The girls went their way and he
just stood there.  Slowly he turned and walked back to his house.  As he sat on
his couch, Ken knew that he could have gotten that girl's complete sexual
history, her wants, needs and desires and that somehow, he could also fulfill
them.  Sort of.  The ring lay gleaming on the table, the stone glowing as the
afternoon light lanced through it.  

    	He didn't know how long he sat, lost in thought.  It was dark by the
time he roused himself and he immediately noticed two things.  First, he was
hungry.  And second, the sexual energy that seemed to have been  building up in
him since the encounter with Genie had not abated and he was very, very horny.

    	First things first, he thought and went into the kitchen to prepare a
meal.  It was later then he'd thought.   Eight pm!  No wonder he was ravenous. 
Ken demolished his food while watching a little TV.  He knew of a sub that he
could call who would most likely be free tonight.  The thought scared him
though.  What would happen if she got here and this weirdness struck again? 
Well, it looked like it would be masturbation and some porn for tonight.  He
grinned wryly to himself knowing that he was lucky to have a lover who would
most likely be able to share the night on short notice.  She had other lovers,
but had told him she didn't want to be tied down.  He respected that.

    	Ken pulled out one of his favorite S&M flicks and jerked off to it.  It
seemed to relieve the pressure  somewhat and he thought that he'd be able to get
some sleep.  However, after tossing and turning in bed for a  half hour, he
realized that he was still very aroused.  His cock was starting to ache from
being hard.  After  finishing himself off a second time, he found he was *still*
horny, but sleep reluctantly came.   That's when  more trouble started.

    	He opened his eyes.  He was in a living room, but not his own.  It was
beautiful, warm, sunny and the  clearest dream he'd ever had.

    	"That, Kenneth, is because this is not exactly a dream."

    	It was Lea, of course.  Good god she was heart stoppingly beautiful. 
Now she was barefoot, wearing a  green, mostly see through wraparound skirt. 
Like something you'd wear over a bikini bottom.  Only she had  nothing on
underneath it.  On top she was wearing a very small tank top - white and not
quite as see through as the skirt.  Her beautiful hair was slightly wild and her
green eyes glowed with welcome.

    	Ken wasn't sure what to say.

    	"You are finding your new power disturbing, I know.  It's because you
don't accept that it can happen.   But it is real - until you tell me you don't
want it.  I hope you won't do that - you haven't even experienced the  full
power of what I've given you."

    	"What, exactly is that?"  Ken asked through dry lips.

    	Lea walked over to a wet bar and poured a glass of something. 

    	"Juice?" She said handing it to him.

    	He took it and nodded his thanks.  Being this close to her was
maddening.  His lust was back, in full  force, as if he hadn't already cum three
times that day.  Her scent, how she looked, how she moved and his  memory of the
most fantastic blowjob he'd ever experienced was making it difficult to think.

    	"Several times today, you used a small amount of the capability I've
given you.  You find that you now  have enormous sexual energy.  But, as
unsatisfied and aroused as you are, both of the women that you touched are in
incredible need from what you did."

    	"What *I* did?  I didn't do anything."

    	"That's almost true,"  she said with a mischievous smile," you really
have very little control at the  moment.  But I wanted to introduce you to the
pleasure that you can give and receive.  Before we continue our  conversation, I
believe that it is important for you to finish what you started with those
women.  Else they will  find little sleep and no release from their arousal this
night.  Or, in fact, the next several."

    	Ken found both his lust and his anxiety rising at that statement.

    	"What, exactly do you mean?"          	She paused then said, "You
should not have aroused their lusts if you were not going to satisfy them, 
Kenneth."

    	Ken felt vaguely guilty at that but then said, "And I was supposed to
know this how?"

    	Lea smiled again. "Sometimes, it is best to learn by doing.  Your...
activation, if you will, of their  fantasies has fired their blood as it has
your own.  You must either complete their fantasies or experience new ones with
them.  You will all get relief that way.  And, I promise, it will be a great
deal of fun. 

    	"Don't worry.  I will be there to guide you, if there is need.  And
remember - these will be fantasies.   There are no limits, save that which you
would impose.  There is no safety, physical safety anyway, that needs  be
considered.  You will be able to do what they want, what they need.  And in
doing so, you will be able to  satisfy your own needs and lust."          	
Lea smiled and said, "Genie, I think will be first."

    	The room shifted and changed...

    	... and Ken found himself in a bedroom that was not his own.  It looked
slightly familiar though.  Genie  was sitting on the bed, naked except for a
pair of bikini panties.  She was breathing deeply and he could clearly  see the
lust in her eyes.  He looked around and saw that they were alone.  Hearing a
sound, he turned back to the  bed.  Genie had slid off and was now kneeling on
the floor, hands behind her head with her knees spread.

    	"Master, how may I serve you?"

    	Ken just looked at her and she waited.

    	"Go on Kenneth.  You are a Dominant.  Surely this situation is familiar
to you?"  Lea had appeared at  his side.

    	"I can't do this," he said.  "I work with this girl!  Not only that, but
she's ten years younger than I am"

    	"None of that matters.  You are in a fantasy.  This is not real.  You
can combine your needs and wants  with hers.  The result will be quite
satisfying, I assure you."

    	Ken looked back at the girl on the floor.  He could feel his arousal,
and, oddly, hers as well.  He knew  that he would have no trouble creating a
scene on the fly that they'd both enjoy.  Besides, he was still home in  bed. 
What could it hurt?

    	Ken remembered some of the things that Genie wanted, plus he knew that
any other information he might need was at his fingertips, so to speak.  He
walked over and gently took a fistful of her hair and bent her head back.

    	"Is my little slave horny tonight?"

   	"Yes Master," she replied. 

    	He could easily smell her arousal, a combination of her sweat and musk
from between her legs.  He bent  and ran a hand up her thigh.  She shuddered
when he reached her panties.  The heat was incredible and they  were literally
dripping wet.  He ran his fingers over the soaked cloth and gathered some of her
lubricant on his  finger.  Bending close to her face, so that they could both
smell her scent, he slowly licked it clean.  His cock  was hard.  She tasted
very good and he wanted to plunge into her depths.  But he knew that wouldn't be
enough  for either of them. 

    	He pulled her to her feet.

    	"Remove those panties."

    	She swiftly complied, leaving them on the floor.  He lay her on the bed
and, taking the restraints in her  bed stand, began to tie her.  Her arms were
pulled over her head and fastened to the wall.  Her legs were pulled  up and
tied to the same spot as her wrists.  She was spread open quite nicely.

    	Her sex was slick, oozing lubrication and he slowly started licking her
clit, just touching it with the tip of his tongue.  She groaned and pushed her
hips toward it, but he was content to just tease her.  Slowly, he  opened her
with his tongue, enjoying the tangy taste, pushing into her pussy as she moaned
and pleaded for him  to allow her to cum.

    	"You're a very hot slut tonight, aren't you?"

    	"Yes Master, please, your slut needs to cum."

    	Ken was fully into the scene now.  "I'm sure you do dear, but it'll be a
while."  He touched her clit again  with his tongue while using her copious
lubrication to slide a finger into her asshole.  She was very tight and  clamped
down on it while moaning.

    	He reached into the drawer again and pulled out a set of nipple clamps. 
They were adjustable and he  fastened them tightly to each erect nipple.  She
was quite sensitive and he knew that they were a little too tight  for her
comfort.  He also knew that as her arousal grew they'd feel just fine.  Plus,
she wasn't in control and fully  expected him to use her as he wished.  That was
what she wanted. Each clamp was tied to her big toe with a  string.  Any
movements that she made tugged on her nipples, causing pain which was rapidly
turning to pleasure.  He teased her clit some more until she was almost sobbing
with need.  Then he took out a belt.

    	"Shall I use this on you?  Would you like that?"

    	"If... Master wishes."

    	She was afraid of the belt, but also lusted after it.  The fear and
arousal warred in her body.  But she was  tied and had no choice but to submit. 
A strong Master would take her however he wanted.  The very thought  almost made
her orgasm as she realized that he *was* taking her however he wanted.  And
right now, he  wanted to use the belt on her.

    	Her ass was a perfect target and Ken didn't hit her very hard.  He'd had
years of practice, so gently  increasing how hard the strokes were was simple. 
Through their odd connection, he could feel the heat rise in  her belly as it
rose in her reddening ass.  She jerked and moaned, pulling on her nipples,
causing painful  sensations to spread through her chest.  But it all turned to
lust.  She wanted this, needed it.  To surrender and  just feel, knowing that
her Master would not make fun of her wants.  Knowing too that he would use her
as he  saw fit.

    	Ken started to work the belt over her inner thighs.  Genie's body jumped
at each strike.  He wasn't hitting  her hard, just enough to sting a little. 
After every few hits he'd run his fingers over her sopping cunt, dipping  into
it and using the juice to frig her clit.  It didn't take long for her to start
begging for an orgasm

    	"You know," Ken said conversationally, "those panties of yours were
sopping wet.  I bet you'd love to  taste them, wouldn't you."

    	Genie's stomach clenched.  If she were alone, she would have already had
them in her mouth, but how  had her Master known that was what she wanted?

    	"Yes Master, if you want me to."

    	Close, he thought, but not close enough.  "I asked if you wanted to
taste them, not if you thought I  wanted you to."  The belt hit her ass again,
this time much harder than it had before.

    	"Ahh.  Yes!  I... I want to taste them, to taste my cunt juice.  It's
all I could think about today.  I wanted  to be played with and to clean my wet
panties with my tongue."

    	He picked them up and rubbed the wet cloth through her dripping slit. 
Her smell, her willingness, her  arousal and desire to submit to him were
driving him very crazy.  He knew that soon, he'd be sliding his hard  cock
inside her body.  As aroused as he was, he hoped that he could continue her
fantasy and not blow his wad the second he entered her.

    	After allowing her panties to soak up even more juice from her aroused
cunt, he held them over her  mouth while gently rubbing her clit.  She groaned
and made little mewing sounds, begging to taste them.  Her  own scent filled her
nose and she was wild with the need to cum.  He dipped them within reach of her
tongue  and she shuddered as she tasted herself, reaching even further to get
more.

    	"You want more, don't you?"

    	"Yes, please Master.  Please, I need it."

    	He pulled the panties out of her reach again and she whined.  He rubbed
her clit harder and the whine  turned into a moan.  "Ask me to use the belt on
your cunt. "

    	This was a very private fantasy of hers.  The pain caused by the belt
scared her, but would her arousal be enough to over come it?  She needed to
know, she needed her Master to give her no choice, to make her admit her desire.

    	"If it pleases you Master."          	The belt slapped hard into her
ass again.  "That's not the truth.  Tell me the truth - do you want to feel  the
belt?  Do you want to cum from the belt?  Yes or no?"

    	His fingers started to gently pinch her clit, causing her body to jerk. 
Her nipples were getting more  painful, but somehow her body needed that, to
know her Master had decided that they would be clamped and  that was that.

    	"Yes, please Master.  I... I want to feel the belt, to know that I can
cum from it."          	He dipped the panties down close enough for her to suck
on them.  She groaned as her taste spread  through her mouth.  Then the first
strike of the belt came. 

    	Ken knew exactly how hard to hit her.  He started by just tapping the
leather against her wet cunt, until  her whole body was jerking with each tap. 
Then he slowly increased how hard he used it until the strokes were  making a
loud slapping sound in the room.  She was going nuts and finally came as he
stuffed the last of her  panties into her mouth, grunting and thrashing as 
pleasure washed through her body.

    	She had barely come down from her first orgasm when she realized that he
had out his cock and was  going to enter her.  Her wetness made it easy and she
eagerly watched her body slowly swallow his organ, felt  herself stretch to take
his width.  Slowly he began to pump into her and she knew it wouldn't take long
for her to  cum again.

    	Ken reveled  in her wet heat, the worry that he might cum too soon
pushed to the back of his mind.  In  and out he road her, feeling her body
respond to each stroke.  He knew what she wanted and he fully intended to  give
it to her.  She was just on the verge of orgasm when he pulled out.

    	She groaned, unable to plead for him to continue because of the panties
that still gagged her.  Her eyes  widened as she felt him start to push at the
tight ring of her ass.  He was big.  Not long, but very thick and she  feared
she would be unable to take him.  It didn't matter, she realized, she couldn't
stop him, and she almost  came from the thought.  She knew he was going to fuck
her ass until she orgasmed, then fuck her mouth until he  came.

    	Ken wondered if he'd be able to fit into Genie.  There'd been very few
women that could accommodate  him.  But somehow he knew that she could.  Even as
he knew that in real life, she'd be in a lot of pain.  Still he  knew she
thought that wouldn't matter to her as long as her Master was enjoying her body. 
Enjoying her.  That  was what really got her off.

    	The tight ring gave and he slid partially into her asshole.  Her cunt
provided more than enough lubrication and it took little time for him to sink
fully into her body.  It hurt her, he knew, although not as much as it should
have, and he started rubbing her clit.  It didn't take long before she was
wracked with spasms, sweating and moaning as she shook in orgasm.  He was close
himself, her scent and the sight of her shuddering as she came almost pushing
him over the edge.

    	When she finished, she found her body still buzzing with lust, still
needing.  He pulled out of her ass and  reached for her mouth.  Genie's heart
started to pound as she realized that he was going to make her give him a 
blowjob.  It was the dirtiest act she could think of, considering where his cock
had just been, and it made her  blood boil knowing that she would do it. 
Willingly.  Her helplessness in his ropes was still her choice, her  submission
her willing gift for them both to enjoy. 

    	Ken finally came, pumping jet after jet of seamen into Genie's sucking
mouth.  She'd shown no  hesitation as he pulled her panties from her mouth and
replaced it with his cock.  She'd closed her eyes and  groaned, her tongue
eagerly finding every sensitive spot on his cock, trying her best to give him
pleasure.  She  smiled, knowing she'd succeeded because he came in less than
three minutes.  She eagerly swallowed, but there  was too much and it spilled
from the sides of her mouth.  She held his softening cock, loving licking and 
cleaning it as he breathed heavily above her and smiled.

    	The scene dimmed and Ken looked around to find himself back in the house
with Lea.

    	"Very good Kenneth.  You learn as rapidly as I'd hoped."

    	Ken was feeling very odd.  He felt both sated and aroused at the same
time.

    	"What just happened?"

    	Lea smiled.  "You've created a very satisfied woman.  And you gave her
the impetus to truly seek what  she wants in a man.  Someone who will love her,
but also be her Master.  Those desires that would have died  within her,
unrealized, never having been flamed to true life.  Her sex life, which would
have been merely adequate for the rest of her life, now has the potential to be
outstanding."

    	"I'm not sure I understand all that."  Ken was frowning in confusion.

    	"We will talk later.  Now, you have another woman to see to.  Jane will
be a very different experience.   She is not so young and inexperienced in her
desires as Genie."  Lea smiled.  "Jane is different from any slave  you've had. 
Her brain is wired differently.  Pain, to her, is a very sexual stimulus.  But
she is an intelligent  woman, and knows that it is only in her fantasies - or
with a very perceptive Master, would she be able to let  herself go.  She has
never found a Master that she trusts enough, so her fantasies can be quite
extreme.  The  question this time will be - can you satisfy your desires?  Will
you be able to use Jane's fantasy to  fulfill desires that you have hidden?  It
is very important that you know and accept yourself."

    	"Wait, I thought you said that I'd be granting their fantasy?"

    	Lea smiled and blew him a kiss.  Everything dimmed and the scene changed
again.  Ken blinked, his  mind having a hard time believing what he was seeing.

End part 2




Avatar
Part 3


	The room was dim and quite hot.  Ken was naked to the waist and had a
short, whippy cane in his hand.  He also had on a pair of the softest, most
comfortable leather pants he'd ever worn.  Although, he thought as he looked
down at them, they were the only pair of leather pants he'd ever worn.

	The room he was in was a dungeon - a very well equipped dungeon.  The
only other occupant was Jane, her body bound in an extreme hog tie and hung from
a rope.  He knew that she'd been there for about twenty minutes and was in
serious pain.  Her body had not gone numb, but had retained all its sensations -
something that would not happen in real life, and those sensations were driving
her mad with desire.

	Ken waked forward to examine the beautiful woman.  He saw that she'd
been bound with rough, untreated hemp.  There was blood on her skin from where
it had chafed as she hung from the hook.  Several coils were constricting her
waist by at least two inches.  Each large breast was bound excruciatingly
tightly at its base, her long, thick, brown nipples were swollen with blood. 
From each nipple bar hung a heavy weight, pulling the sensitive nubs and
increasing her torment whenever she shifted in her bondage.

	He continued to walk around her.  She could see him, but the large ring
gag in her mouth made anything she might say more or less unintelligible.  He
admired the rope bondage that allowed her suspension - it was beautifully done
and she was well, if uncomfortably, supported.  The ropes around her waist,
chest and through her crotch supported her weight.  Other ropes acted as
stabilizers so that she wouldn't spin around or tilt to one side or the other. 
Her hair was gathered in a pony tail and tied to her elbows, pulling her head
back.  Not coincidentally, this put her, if she were lowered a bit, at the right
height to mouth fuck.  Even as Ken thought that, her body was lowered.  He
smiled at the expression on her face.  Pained and eager.  Trickles of sweat were
running down her straining body.  As he looked between her legs, he saw her
juices had soaked the rough hemp that was splitting her sex.

	He whipped the thin cane back and forth through the air.  Jane's body
jerked as she heard it.  Because of her position, there were few places that the
cane could land that he wanted to hit.  She jumped and grunted when the first
stroke hit the side of her ass.  It was more from surprise, than anything else. 
However, several strokes later welts were being raised and she was groaning
loudly.  Ken could feel the sting soak through her body as she grew more and
more aroused with each strike.  As Lea had said, Jane was a true masochist.  The
tip of the cane curved around her ass cheek, raising a number of welts.  He
switched to her inner thighs, then the bottoms of her feet, which were exposed
because each big toe had a string attached to it pulling her foot back.  He
would often stop for a minute to let her breathing slow, then start on another
body part, flicks of his wrist curving the end of the cane around her ribs,
thighs and portions of her mons.  Finally he stood in front of her and opened
his pants. 

	Jane was whining with need.  The cane had inflamed her, raising her
arousal but not satisfying it.  The rough crotch rope harshly stimulated her
sex, but not enough for her to cum.  She was beginning to lose herself totally
in all the sensations.  There was little left of the thinking, analyzing being
that she usually was.  Ken's cock sliding deep into her mouth felt like
completion to her.  To him it felt indescribable.  She couldn't close her mouth,
but her tongue massaged and licked and her throat opened to welcome him.  Now,
as he slid in and out of her throat, the cane began to strike her hard breasts,
creating a deliberate lattice of welts across the swollen skin.  Again, while it
was enough to inflame her further, it was not enough to make her cum.  She would
have begged, but knew, in her heart, it would do her no good.  There was no safe
word, no control, and no out for her.  There were only her Master's wishes.

	Ken didn't want to cum in her mouth and thought of another position he'd
like her to be in.  It took little time, in this fantasy, for her position to be
changed.  Gone was the suspension rig and now Jane found herself bound to a
cross with both and upper and lower cross pieces.  Each wrist was spread wide
and attached to the upper cross piece, and each knee also spread wide and tied
to the lower cross piece.  She looked at Ken, her eyes wide, staring at the
harsh, three stranded whip he had in his hand.  She could not speak because as
much as she wanted to beg him to use the whip, a thick phallus gag kept her
silent.  Each of her breasts were still tightly bound at the base causing them
to bulge out, hard and sensitive.  She feared the whip as she had feared the
cane.  Feared it, and desired it.  Needed it.  Her body was on fire, the marks
from the ropes and earlier caning had not disappeared.  In places, her skin was
raw, and the same rough ropes had been used to tie her wrists and knees, chafing
even more.  The base of each breast burned, spreading the pain across her chest. 
Jane's senses drank it all in, embracing it and turning it to arousal.  Her
pussy, so harshly tied before, was now free of the crotch rope and clear fluid
was slowly oozing from its reddened depths.

	Ken ran his fingers over her naked sex - for she was completely shaved,
her skin as smooth as if she'd never had hair.  She groaned and thrust her hips
into his fingers, but to no avail.  He lifted them to his nose, inhaling her
scent with obvious pleasure.  Then he wiped his fingers under her nose, coating
the area with her scent.  She watched his face avidly and felt his fingers slide
through her sex again, moaning as he put them to his own lips to clean off her
salty liquid.  Then he stepped back raising the whip and, even as her breath
quickened in fear, her body flushed with arousal. 

	The first flick of the whip kissed her skin and she convulsed,
desperately trying not to cum.  She hadn't been given permission and as well
trained as she was, she could hold back.  For a while, anyway.  But getting
intense sexual pleasure from this type of treatment was how she was wired and
she couldn't last forever.  More blows fell and as they landed harder and
harder, sometimes actually cutting her, she began to lose the battle to keep
from cuming.

	Ken knew all this.  He could see, and in a distant way feel, the lust
riding her body, pushing away all thought and leaving only sensation in its
wake.  He thought it likely she would pass out before she'd allow herself an
orgasm and knew for sure that, at this stage, if she did have one, she would
pass out anyway.  Another lash fell across her taut lower belly raising a welt. 
Jane was almost at her limit and Ken started to talk to her.  He wasn't sure
she'd hear him, but he wanted to try.

	The whip stopped and Jane felt a hand gliding across her wet, fevered
skin.  "You'd like to cum, wouldn't you love?" came her Master's voice.

	Eyes closed, she nodded.  It wouldn't take much.  Just a few lashes to
her swollen sex and she'd be there.  Fingers invaded her, sliding in easily. 
She was open and wet.

	"You are so beautiful.  You love the whip, don't you?"

	Jane nodded.

	"Your skin is welted," SNAP, the whip snaked around her thigh. "And
you're bleeding.  Still, you want this.  Need it.  Don't you?"

	The nod was very emphatic.
	
	SNAP! Jane froze, straining against the bonds and her body's desire to
cum as the whip opened a welt on her swollen breast.  Her head bent as the pain
flowed to her core and she panted, desperate for control.  Desperate to obey and
please her Master.  But desperate for more of the whip.

	SNAP, the other breast was struck and Jane began to float in a sea of
red sensations.  Her hearing started to dim.  Her eyes were already closed.

	"Cum for me love.  Cum for your Master, and remember who gave you this
orgasm."

	Despite being almost completely out of it, Jane heard him.  The whip
slashed into her sex, bruising it, slapping her hard clit and Jane started to
cum.  For five more minutes, Ken played the whip over her body, drawing blood on
her ass, belly, and even her mons.  Slashing into her sex, bruising her large
clit and snapping the strands into her open sex and over her asshole.  There was
no violence in his actions.  Only the deliberate controlled aiming of the lash
at her body.  Jane came with every stroke until she finally fainted.

	The next transition was somewhat jarring for Ken.  One minute he was
deep into the scene where Jane had just passed out, and the next she was lying
on a platform with her arms tied above her, tight ropes around her middle and
her widely spread thighs tied to her ankles.  Her knees were pulled painfully
back and to her sides.  She was open and ready for anything else he might
desire.  As things shifted, she was just coming to.

	He knew she could feel every lash mark he had left on her.  Each welt
was throbbing in time with her heart beat.  Rather than diminishing her lust,
each throb fanned it just a bit.  She looked up at him knowing that her cunt and
asshole, positioned right at the edge of the platform, were completely open for
his use.  She was once again gagged with the ring gag and was wondering if he
would beat her with the crop he now had in his hand.  There was nothing she
could do to stop him, and at that thought, her pussy clenched in an orgasmic
aftershock, squeezing out more cream.  Her body ached; she wanted more.  But she
wanted him to cum.  Ken could feel her desire for it.  She wanted to feel him
use her body and get pleasure from it.  She needed to know she could please her
Master.  Her pussy was small and she would have a hard time with his width, but
she needed to feel him inside her.  Ken was happy to oblige as he slid his cock
into her.  Her tight, wet heat enveloped him and he realized that in real life,
she really was this tight.  Good thing she was a masochist because unless the
guy was pretty small, vaginal and, he knew, anal, sex really hurt.  Being wired
the way she was made this a good thing.

	He slid in and out of her body while she groaned, ooo'd and ahh'd.  The
crop fell on her breasts, adding to the welts already there.  He found her
nipples were now especially sensitive after her tits had been bound for so long. 
They became a special target, and the thick swollen nubs stood out well over an
inch.  He leaned up and removed the gag.

	"God your cunt feels good."

	She moaned in response.

	"Do you like having me inside you?"

	"Yes Master, your slave wants to please you."  She jerked as the crop
fell squarely on a nipple.

	Normally, not that things had ever gotten this extreme in a scene, Ken
would ask if he should stop or if there was something else she wanted.  There
was no need for that.  He knew her desires and she wanted to be pushed to the
edge and beyond.  Needed the pain flaring through her, needed to feel the
pounding of his cock.

	"You may cum when I do."

	"Yes Master," she panted, then cried out as the crop opened another welt
on her breast.  Never before had she felt anything like this.  Never had her
fantasies been so fulfilling, so real.  She knew how she wanted this one to end.

	Ken had never felt anything like this either - with the single exception
of the blowjob from Lea.  He had perfect control, knew exactly what to do and
knew exactly how his slave was feeling.  And now it was time to cum.  He thrust
harder, the crop raining blows to Jane's ribs and breasts and when he came she
remained conscious long enough to feel it and have a mind blowing orgasm of her
own before passing into a red haze of feeling.

	She came back in his arms, free of ropes for the first time in hours. 
But she was still a slave and still wore her collar and now, steel cuffs on her
wrists and ankles.  Fingers played with her super sensitive sex, tapping her
clit and spreading the wetness of their joining.

	"We are finished for now slave.  I'm tired and would like to sleep. 
It's time to return to your cage."

	"Yes Master."  Jane knew that the cage, just big enough for her to sit
with her knees drawn to her chin, would torture her for hours until her Master
rose to let her out.  She shuddered in apprehension.  Also in anticipation.  In
her fantasies, she had cum just from being left in that cramped space, often
with a thick dildo in her ass, unable to remove it.  Her piss would burn her raw
sex and the welts on her thighs and ass, since she would not be allowed to use
the bathroom before being locked up.  Her shoulders would ache from her arms
being pulled behind her, outside the cage, and locked in steel, keeping her
completely helpless.  She wondered if he'd use the metal brank on her tonight,
then knew he would.  Fire burned in her belly and slick oil oozed from her cunt
as she contemplated how she'd spend the next eight hours.

	The scene faded and Ken found himself back in the living room with Lea. 
Again, the transition took him by surprise.  Lea was staring at him with a wide
smile on her face.

	"So, you are back, Kenneth.  I see you enjoyed your time with her."

	Ken was still a little dazed.  Despite having cum twice in the last...
however long it had been, not to mention three times earlier in the day, he
found himself still aroused.  All this sexual energy was blazing through his
body.  Lea nodded as if she could read his thoughts.  For all he knew, she
could.

	"I know how you feel, Kenneth.  I will help you with that," she said
moving toward him, "and then we can talk."

	Even after all the intense sex he'd just experienced, Ken suddenly found
himself too aroused to do anything but watch as she knelt in front of him and
took him deep into her mouth.  It never occurred to him to wonder where his
clothes went.  While it didn't last as long as the first one she gave him, this
blowjob was just as amazing.  He cried out loudly as he came, spurting almost
painfully into her eager mouth, then relaxing, his body and mind finally at
peace while she gently cleaned his cock with her mouth.
	
      	Lea moved next to him on the couch, laying her head on his shoulder with
one hand stroking his chest.
     
     	"So Kenneth, what do you think?  If you take what I offer, then you may
have these experiences whenever you like."  He looked at her and she smiled with
a radiance that made him begin to fall into her presence and lose all sensation.
     
      	Slowly, that feeling dimmed and Ken's brain began to work again.  It was
becoming obvious that either he was nuts, or this was really happening.  If he
was nuts, well then, it wasn't like he could do anything about it.  He didn't
feel crazy though, he felt... at peace.  Happy in a way that he couldn't ever
remember feeling.  However peaceful he felt though, Ken wasn't going to accept
this 'gift' with out knowing more about what it entailed.
     
      	Lea smiled, "I see you want the details."
     
      	Ken shook his head, and, although he was loath to, straightened up and
moved a bit away from her.  Her physical presence was very powerful.
     
      	"I wish you'd stop doing that."
     
      	"Doing what? " she asked, a serious expression on her face, but a
twinkle in her deep green eyes.
     
      	"Answering my questions before I can ask them."
     
      	She sat straight on the couch, looking completely serious, but still
with a gleam in her eye.  "Please, ask your questions."
     
      	Ken was sure that she was still laughing inside, but it wasn't a cruel
laugh.  More like a shared joke.  He sighed and tried to marshal his thoughts. 
Rising, he walked over to the window which looked out onto a beautiful, sunny
beach.  Facing Lea was not conducive to critical thinking.
     
      	"Explain to me, please, what this gift is and why you'd want me to have
it."
     
      	"Of course.  I will tell you, but I think that you will not believe all
of it.   Yet.  My... people live on certain kinds of energy.  Once, we were
many, but over time we have faded in numbers."
     
      	Ken faced her.  Her people?  Just what did that mean?
     
      	"We need the energy that humans create to live.  At one time it worked
well for us and was a good symbiosis, since most of the energy created by human
emotion is wasted.  It sustains us.  When we were many, we began to specialize
in the type of energy we could absorb.  Each became more powerful by focusing on
a specific type.  But as our numbers began to grow smaller,  we found that we
couldn't re-adapt - we couldn't broaden the types of energy that we needed.  And
so we died."
     
      	She looked sad.  Ken could feel her unhappiness.  Still, he realized
that she wasn't telling him the entire story.  Of course, what she was saying
was fantastic enough.  Perhaps, as she'd already mentioned, she thought he
wouldn't believe the whole truth.
     
      	"Over time, we became fewer and fewer.  The one who became the most
powerful became... jealous.  He found ways to cut many of us off from what we
needed.  I went into hiding, almost fading myself until perhaps 40 years ago. 
Slowly, I began to regain some of my strength.  But it wasn't until now that I
had enough to manifest myself to you.  You have given me more energy than I've
had in a very long time."
     
      	Ken's head was whirling.  Surely, this couldn't be true.  But, looking
at her, he knew that she wasn't lying.  She wasn't telling him everything, but
she wasn't lying.

	"What are you?  An alien or something?"

	She smiled.  "Or something."  It was clear that he wasn't going to get
more information on that subject.
     
     	"So, what is this deal?"
    
     	Lea smiled again, "You are an interesting combination of complex,
rational thinking, and pure lust.  I like that."  She paused.  "I will give you
the power to do what I did today, in the mall.  Your actions will seem like a
daydream to those you interact with, a very strong daydream, that really
happens.  No harm is done to the person and any physical marks disappear at the
end of the day dream.  Provided that you want them to.
    
     	The fear you experienced earlier is not something to worry about.  You
will not be at the mercy of others.  While you will be able to 'read' anyone -
man or woman - you will only be drawn to those who either share your interests,
or have the potential to.  In time you will have no problem controlling this
power or the others that come with it.  You will have what you wanted -
virtually unlimited access to anyone's sexuality.  And you would become my
Avatar."
    
     	That was interesting.  Of course, sated as he was at the moment, he had
other questions.  But the fact that she'd satisfied him before telling him all
this showed that she had good intensions.  If she'd offered this to him earlier,
he'd never have been able to think clearly and would have taken her deal no
matter what the consequences.  Speaking of which.
    
     	"So what's the down side?"
    
     	"You will build up the energy from your encounters and that energy must
be passed on to me.  Much as you did tonight.  Under most circumstances, you
could not be kept from me.  If you could not release the energy though, and it
continued to build up, you would die.  Also, if I were to die, you will die as
well.  You will be bound to me for life."
    
     	"What happens if I die?"
    
     	"You would be released from those bonds. "

      	Ken stood in silence.  He was being offered the answer to his every
sexual prayer.  But he knew there was more to life than just sex.  "What if I
wanted to marry, to have children?  Would they be bound to you as well?"
     
      	"No.  But it is unlikely that you would marry a woman who wouldn't be my
priestess.  It would be too uncomfortable for you both.  Plus, any marriage
would need my blessing."
     
      	"You mean if you didn't like who I wanted to marry, I couldn't marry
her?"
     
      	"Not precisely.  I mean that if she were say, Jewish, you couldn't have
a Jewish marriage ceremony."
     
      	He frowned.  "Why not?"
     
      	"Because emotional energy is what I live on.  Her emotions would be
turned away from me and, to some extent, you, to worship her God.  Therefore it
would put a strain on our bond.  Ultimately, your union with her would fail."
     
      	"And children?"
     
      	"Children are always free to choose.  Yours would be as well."

	He stood there looking out onto the beach and wondering if this were
real or a 'day dream'.  Ken wasn't a particularly religious man.  He'd been
Catholic growing up and hated every minute of it.   He frowned.  He kept
thinking of Lea as a, well, a Goddess.  She hadn't said she was, but all this
talk of Avatars and Priestess' made him think of religion.

	Truth be told, he just wasn't that interested in his present life. 
Neither work nor his personal life had the spark that he thought they should
have for a 35 year old man.  He thought about his life and realized that the one
thing he'd loved to do, he'd given up years ago, and the company had stolen the
joy from his work.  Other interests were fading and his life seemed to become
grayer each year.  Something inside him yearned for this.  True, he wanted,
needed a change in his life, but this seemed to be calling to him.  Loudly. 
When he turned, Lea was watching him with those pure green eyes.  Eyes that he
could fall into forever.  He wasn't though and he knew that she was throttling
back her presence to keep that from happening.

	"So," he said, "What do I have to do to accept your 'gift'"

	She rose and came to him, walking until she was only inches from his
face.

	"There is no going back.  Release from my service means death."

	This was the first time he'd seen her absolutely serious.  Not even her
eyes showed their normal, good natured humor.

	"It seems... right," he almost whispered, "like something I've always
wanted."

	She moved even closer.  He could feel her breath on his cheek, smell her
arousing scent and feel the heat coming from her body.  "Then kiss me."

	They moved closer and everything but her face faded from his view.  Her
lips touched his and never had he felt so complete, so peaceful.  The kiss went
on until everything dissolved into light but the green of her eyes, the flame of
her hair and the touch of her lips on his.
     
End Part3




Avatar

Part 4

    	Ken awoke to the dim light of early morning.  Glancing at the clock, he
saw it was 6 o'clock.  A little  early, but not too bad.  He got up and walked
into the bathroom. 

While running the razor over his face, he glanced in the mirror and saw the
reflection of the digital clock on the shelf behind him.  He finished shaving,
frowned and turned around.  The clock said six o'clock.  PM.  Ken grabbed a
towel, left the bathroom and went into the living room.  The clocks in there
agreed with the time in the bathroom and a quick glance showed that the dim
light was that of the setting sun, not the rising sun.

    	The previous night's activates came rushing back to him.  He stood stock
still as the feelings and thoughts of last night - not only the time with Lea,
but the time spent with Genie and Jane played through his brain.

    	Ken walked over to the couch and sat down.  This was all a bit
overwhelming and he wasn't sure he  believed his memories.  Of course, all he
had to do is look down at his finger and see Her ring.  It was there -  copper
and green, Her colors.  Finally, Ken's stomach started to growl and as he stood
and headed for the kitchen, the phone rang.  He detoured and picked it up.

    	"Hello?"

    	"Hi," came a cheery voice from the other end.  "Missed you at work
today."  It was Jane.  Ken found  himself uncharacteristically shy.  While he
was sure she didn't remembered anything, his new found knowledge  of her true
sexual nature made him feel awkward.

    	"Um yeah.  Something came up last night, and I got in too late to come
to work."

    	Jane gave a throaty little purr.  "Mmmm.   I wonder what it was that
came up?  I had all sorts of  interesting dreams last night.  You were even in
them."

   	 Ken paled.  No way!  Lea assured him that Jane wouldn't remember a
thing!  In a corner of his brain, he  heard Lea's light laughter and the words,
"That's not exactly what I said."

    	"Uh, Ken?  You still with me?"

    	"Yeah, I'm sorry.  I just got up and haven't gotten my shower or food or
anything,  I'm a little out of  it.," he admitted.  That was an understatement.

    	"My, my.  Must have been some night.  Why don't you tell me about it
over dinner?"

    	Ken had no intention of going to dinner with Jane.  They were coworkers
after all, and after last night, he needed a little time before facing her.  She
was quite persuasive though, and he found himself agreeing to meet her in half
an hour at a restaurant near by.

    	He showered, dressed and left, still in a bit of a fog.  It lifted
rapidly as he drove to the restaurant and he realized he felt good.  No, he felt
great.  He wondered though, what he should do about this dinner thing.  It
wasn't too late to back out - he could call her cell phone.  But he had the
feeling that it would be a big mistake to do that.  He couldn't quite define
what sort of a mistake, but a mistake none the less.  He liked Jane, more than a
little.               	Ken knew that he needed some time to come to grips with
the changes in his life.  He knew with complete certainty that last night had
not been a dream and that his life had changed in some very fundamental, and
mostly unknown, ways.  Well, he'd call in sick tomorrow as well.  Take the day. 
Spend it on the beach or something.  True, it would be a Mental Health day, but
fuck it.  One didn't meet a Goddess every day.  It occurred to him that he
didn't know how to contact Lea.  Perhaps she could only come to him in dreams? 
No, that wasn't right.  She'd be there in person at the mall.

      	He was still thinking about it when he pulled into the parking lot.  The
restaurant was dim and, unfortunately, the bar was right near the front - which
meant that the air was filled with cigarette smoke.  Ken was not into smoking
and the smell made him wrinkle his nose as he scanned the area for Jane.  He
spotted her, there was a guy with her at the bar. She saw him, smiled and waved
him over.              	Ken was surprised to see her with someone.  She hadn't
told him that there would be three for dinner, plus he knew that she was
currently seeing a woman.  The man frowned as Ken approached and Jane stood
giving him a hug.  This was sort of a surprise, but her body was warm and firm
and he hugged her back.  Her scent brought back memories of last night, which
started to have an effect on his cock.              	"Ahem," came the noise
of the man clearing his throat.  "The lady and I were having a conversation."              	
Jane release Ken and turned toward the man, "You were having a conversation.  I
was waiting for someone - which I made very clear."              	The man
stood, looking somewhat put out, "Hey, I bought you a drink."              	
"Which," she replied, "you'll note I didn't touch."  She turned more fully
toward him, clasping Ken's hand in hers, and said, "Perhaps next time you'll ask
before buying someone something.  Thank you anyway."              	They
left the man, who was looking even more disgruntled, and Jane told the hostess
she they were ready for their table.  Ken was surprise that they were led right
to a table since the place was very crowded.              	He took a good
look at Jane as he held her chair for her.  No wonder the guy was pissed.  She
looked very hot.  Skin tight jeans molded to her long legs and outlined her
beautiful ass, and her high heels only accentuated her slim form.  Her cream
colored top outlined her breasts, cupping the bottoms and showing quite a bit of
the tops.  Just a hint of her large nipples were poking through her lace bra -
which he could see easily from the top as she sat down and he pushed her chair
in.  He caught another whiff of her perfume and realized that it wasn't actually
perfume.  It was her natural scent, something he wouldn't have known if they
hadn't spent so much 'time' together last night.              	"Thank you Ken,"
she smiled as he sat.              	"You're welcome.  I hope that that guy
wasn't giving you too hard a time?"             	"Ooo,"  she said leaning
forward and giving him a beautiful view down the front of her top, "are you
going to defend my honor?"              	Ken chuckled.  "Not hardly.  My
martial arts days are long over."              	She blinked and looked at him,
"I didn't know you were into Karate."              	"Not Karate," he said
picking up his menu, "and it was a long time ago."              	"Why did
you stop?"              	"Oh you know, people get older, the joints and
stuff start to go."              	She smiled, "You're not that old. 
C'mon, why did you stop?"              	This was not a subject Ken wanted to get
into.  "I guess I just got bored with it," he lied.               	Jane
apparently sensed that he wasn't going to say anything else about it and dropped
the subject.  They were quiet for a minute, until their waitress came to the
table.  Ken did a double take.              	"Hi.  How you folks doing
tonight?" asked the girl.  Ken looked at her.  No way she was eighteen.  In
fact, as he looked at her, he knew she wasn't eighteen - she had just turned
seventeen.  But her interest in...              	Ken abruptly cut the
forming connection between them.  He was somewhat startled out of it, in fact, 
not having realized that he could stop reading someone.  And gods knew he wanted
to read her.  Just over five feet tall, she had pale skin, a pixy like face
framed by beautiful red hair.  She was very, very slim, and had small breasts. 
A cups that she was quite happy with, thank you, and small pink, very sensitive
nipples... Ken blinked.  Shit.  He was doing it again.  Jane was looking at him
with an odd expression on her face.  The waitress was just sort of standing
there looking at Ken, her green eyes almost glowing and a red flush spreading
over her pale skin.              	"Um, do you two know each other?" asked
Jane.              	"Huh?" said Ken.  "No, no, I'm sorry.  I was just
distracted."                	"I bet," smirked Jane.              	Ally,
which was the waitresses name, seemed to come back to herself - not even
realizing she'd stopped in mid spiel.              	"So - is there something
I can get for you?  Appetizers?"              	Jane looked at the girl, giving
her a serious once over.  Ken could actually feel her arousal, her need to get
on her knees and push Ally's short dress up and...                 	This has
got to stop, thought Ken.  I need more control or I'm going to go crazy.  Jane's
arousal was actually pretty high, and Ken realized that it wasn't just the fact
that she was attracted to the girl.  She was really attracted to him and that
was having an effect on her.  The waitress just added to it.              	
They ordered some appetizers and Ally glided off into the restaurant to put in
the orders.              	Jane looked at Ken and smiled, a lazy, sexy
smile.  Ken was at a loss.  Maybe she remembered more of the dream than he'd
thought.              	Dinner was a comfortable affair, especially considering
how things had started.  They talked about many things, and aside from the
incident with Ally, no other strangeness occurred.  With one exception.  Jane
spotted his ring while speaking to him, stammered and completely lost her train
of thought.  She recovered and Ken wondered what that was about.  There was also
a low level of sexual tension between them and Ally.  She seemed very interested
in both of them.  Jane, he knew, found her attractive, as did he.  Not that
there was anything that would be done about it.              	They were eating
dessert when Jane dropped her bombshell.              	"I remember, you know,"
she said.              	"Remember what?"              	"That you are now my
Master."              	What??  Ken hadn't said that during the dream.   "That's
not what I said..."  he stopped short realizing his mistake.  She'd been playing
with him all night.  Subtly flirting, making sexual innuendos in the quiet,
intimate way that only lovers can.  She'd lulled him and set him up and he'd
fallen right into her trap.  But how could she know?  Had Lea told her? He was
very confused.              	Jane leaned forward, her eyes burning into his. 
"I knew it,"  she said.  Naturally the waitress picked that moment to approach
their table.  Without even looking at her, Jane said, "Come back later."  Ally
stopped, looked at the two of them and backed away.              	"Tell me
Ken.  How did you do it?"              	He couldn't tell her the truth, of
course.  She'd think he was nuts.  But then again,  what she was suggesting was
nuts.                	"Do what?  Jane, what are you talking about?  And what's
with the Master thing?"              	She sat back with a smirk on her face. 
"Don't play games."              	He said nothing.              	"OK,
fine.  We'll do it the hard way."              	"Jane, I have no idea what
you're talking about."              	"Nice try.  You might have even gotten
away with it if you hadn't given it away with your response."              	
"Jane..."              	She forestalled him with a raised hand.  "Please Ken. 
This is too important to me."  She paused.  "Last night I had the most intense
experience of my life.  You came to me in a dream and we had sex.  You did
things to me that I'd been longing for for years."              	Now he
was on firmer ground.  She'd admitted it was a dream and he could deny all
knowledge of it.             	"Jane, I'm flattered that you had a dream about
me, but..."              	"Ken, please.  This is really important to me. 
Yesterday you came to my cube and we talked.  I remember looking at your hands. 
I love hands, they can be so erotic."  She actually blushed when she said that. 
"Then, last night in my dream, I was looking at them again.  And you were
wearing a ring.  The ring you have on now.  I thought it was just a dream
because I'd have noticed your ring yesterday.  When you came here tonight and I
saw it, as crazy as it sounds, I knew that last night was no ordinary dream. 
You used me as no man, or woman, ever has and fulfilled me in ways I can't even
describe.  And you told me, 'Cum for your Master, and remember who gave you this
orgasm.'  I remember.  Please, please tell me that I'm not crazy."              	
Ken looked at her and wondered how he'd fucked up.  Apparently, his order, which
he had no idea why he'd given, had followed her out of the dream.  Lea had
assured him that wasn't possible.  Then, he could feel her presence, a light
touch on his mind, and knew she'd caused it to happen on purpose.  He wondered
why.              	Looking at Jane, he couldn't lie to her.  He knew he
should, since she'd think he was nuts.  She already thought there was something
strange going on, so maybe she'd be predisposed to believe him.   But if he
lied, she'd be very hurt, and the same feeling he'd had when he wanted to cancel
dinner, told him to tell her the truth.  But that wasn't going to happen here.              	
"OK, you're not crazy."              	Jane crossed her arms, which did
interesting things to her breasts.  Ken tried to keep his mind on what was going
on.  "I have to know you're not just humoring me," she said.  "Tell me something
that happened in the dream.  Something specific."              	Ken closed his
eyes.  He remembered every second of the experience, and as he thought about it
he began to get aroused.  Hmmm, let's see...                	"I whipped you,"
he said in a quiet voice. "I told you to remember who gave you your orgasm  as I
gave you permission to cum, and I whipped you.  You came until you passed out. 
At the end of the dream, I left you in a cage wearing a brank."              	
Jane closed her eyes and shuddered.  "Oh my god,"  she whispered.  When they
opened again, her eyes pinned him with a gaze that was filled with sexual heat. 
"How?  How did you do it?"                    	He sighed and leaned back in his
chair.  "Look.  This is going to be a long conversation and not one that I want
to have here.  We should go somewhere else, OK?"             	"Fine.  But you
promise you'll tell me everything, right?"              	Ken chuckled. 
"For such a little subby you can be real pushy."              	Jane laughed and
they agreed to return to his place.  Ally was motioned over to give them the
check.  They left the money and as they stood, she pressed something into Ken's
hand.              	"If there's any way I can serve you again, please let me
know.  I like to think that I can be very pleasing," she said stressing the
words serve and pleasing.                	The glace into her eyes was a
mistake.  Ken was assaulted by an inferno of sexual energy, more than he would
have thought someone so small could produce.  Her scent, her presence, her
willingness to get on her knees and suck either one of them overwhelmed him for
a second.  He knew her nipples and sex were swollen and she was soaking wet,
despite the several times she'd had to use the bathroom to wipe herself..  She
didn't know why she was so attracted to them, but she wanted - needed to serve
them both.              	It was a real effort to break the contact.  It
seemed as if no time had passed.  He smiled as he took the paper with her
contact information and put it away.               	As they went through the
front of the restaurant, Ken suddenly felt a bit uneasy.  He ignored the
feeling; it brought back too many memories.  He turned to Jane and even though
he knew that she'd be happy to ride with him, indicated that she should follow
him in her car.

	"Since it's such a nice night out, would you like to go to a park that's
near where I live?" he asked. 	"Sure, that would be nice.  A romantic evening
out," she grinned.              	It was a very warm evening, and as he
drove to the park Ken felt anticipation rising.  Would he have sex with Jane
tonight?  If he did, after what they'd experienced last night, would it be a let
down?  What would be the best tack to take?  As he sat at a light, he wondered
if he could get Lea to appear to Jane.  He had no idea how to get in touch, so
to speak, with Lea.  It wasn't like he could pick up the phone and call her.  He
remembered what it was like to be in her presence - the warmth that he felt, her
scent, how she looked and suddenly, it felt like he was looking in her eyes.  He
could tell she was smiling.  She approved of what he was doing and would approve
even more if he and Jane had sex.  Then the light changed and someone beeped -
which broke his concentration.              	Ken looked around the mostly
empty parking lot as he pulled a blanket out of his trunk and put it in a gym
bag.  The park was a nice place but not many people came here after dark.  It
was beautiful though, and walking next to Jane made it even better.  She was so
sexy and her scent was driving him crazy with lust.  He knew she was aroused as
well; he could sense it flowing through her body, languidly filling her breasts
and belly.  Finally they came to a place where they could sit and he pulled out
the blanket.

      	When they sat, Jane removed her heels and curled up on the blanket,
looking at him expectantly.  Not only was he taken with her beauty and the
feelings of arousal - both his and hers, but Ken still had no idea how to start.              	
She smiled, tilted her head and said, "Give.  I want to know what happened."              	
"Look Jane, this is going to seem crazy.  I have no proof of what I'm going to
tell you."  He paused and chuckled, saying, "I guess it's good that you brought
your own car.  That way, you won't have to worry about driving home with a crazy
person."              	She returned his smile.  "Well, if you're crazy, then I
am too.  Last night was no dream, no matter that it happened when I was asleep."              	
"Actually," he said, his grin getting wider, "it was a dream."              	
She listened carefully as he recounted meeting Lea in the mall, and made him go
over what had happened with Connie in enough detail to embarrass him.  She took
in everything, her eyes glowing when he described the 'dream' with Genie.  There
were several parts of that she made him go over as well.                	
Ken hesitated to name himself an Avatar of a Goddess.  It sounded insane. 
Instead he said that the woman had this strange power and that she would share
it with him if he agreed to return the energy to her.  That sounded almost as
nuts, but at least there were no religious connotations.              	"So I
guess it goes without saying that I can't meet this woman."              	
"Well, it's not like I can call her or anything.  Trust me, I'd love for you to
meet her.  That way, I'd know I wasn't crazy either."

	Jane grinned.  "So you say that you can reach into my sexual past and
pull out parts of it.  Why don't you do that?  Describe something that happened
to me - something that you couldn't make up, and tell me about it.  That,
combined with the dream last night, is all the proof  I'll need."

	Ken stared at her for a second.  "OK.  But I have no idea what will
happen."  He paused.  "Well, I have some idea, but I don't have a lot of
experience with how this works.  Lea didn't give me any instructions, you know."

	"You're a smart guy.  I'm sure she thought you'd figure it out."

	Suddenly he felt hesitant to do this. "But what if I come across
something that you don't want me to know?"

	She leaned forward, her scent and closeness sending more arousal through
him.  "Baby, there's nothing about my sexual past that I want to hide - if
you're the man, the Master, I've been looking for."

	Ken looked at her for a second.  Then another.  A smile formed on his
face and Jane frowned.  "So are we going to do this or what?"

	He smiled, remembering what he'd encountered.  "I've already done it."

	"What?"  She said.  "No way!  You just glanced at me."

	"For you, it was a glance, for me it was something else entirely."

	Jane was getting ready for a shower.  She was nervous.  Now-a-days
showers at school always made her nervous because she was finding it hard to
keep her eyes off the other girls.  She knew she liked boys, but other girls
were beginning to get her attention as well.  She wondered if she was sick.  She
knew that if the other girls in her class found out she liked looking, they'd
brand her a lezbo and ridicule her.  For some strange reason, the thought of
being embarrassed by her classmates and made to perform sexual acts on them,
made her even more horny, and lately, she didn't need any encouragement in that
direction.  She already masturbated several times a day.

	Fortunately she was alone in the locker room.  She'd decided to do a
little work on a tumbling routine and gotten kind of carried away, so now it was
kind of late.  She wondered how much longer she was going to be able to keep up
with it since her breasts were finally starting to grow.  She was no longer a
flat little girl.  Her breasts were coming in and she knew that they would soon
be getting in her way.  She was already a B cup.

	She didn't bother wrapping the towel around her since she was the only
one there and she didn't want to get the towel all sweaty.  She headed toward
the shower, turned the corner and almost walked smack into somebody.  Two
somebodys, actually.  And they were kissing.  Her breath caught and she backed
away.  The girls separated and, unlike Jane, they were not in the least
embarrassed.

	"Hi Jane," said Cindy. 

	"Cin, love, I should go.  See you tonight?"  asked the other girl, who's
name Jane did not know, and who appreciatively looked at the nude fourteen year
old.   She smiled.  "But maybe not.  Just let me know."

	"'kay," said Cindy.

	Cindy was a senior this year. She was one of the most sought after girls
in the school and dated regularly.  She was one of Jane's foremost bits of
fantasy material as well.  And now she was standing here, in panties and a sweat
soaked t-shirt.

	Jane could feel her nipples - those sensitive, thick, brown nubs,
filling with blood.  She knew her cunt was starting to get wet as well and she
was having a hard time thinking. 

	"Uh, sorry.  Um.  I was just heading for the shower."

	Cindy came a little closer to the girl, almost backing Jane into the
lockers.  She had a friendly smile on her lips and a hungry look in her eyes. 
"Mmmm.  Me too."

	Jane tried to raise the towel to cover her body, but Cindy's hand - oh
so warm on her own, stopped her.  "Sorry, Jane.  I hope you weren't offended by
Missy and I."

	"Nnno.  I'm cool," replied Jane.

	"So I see," said Cindy, glancing at the betraying evidence on Jane's
chest.  She leaned closer and Jane almost swooned from her scent.  Sweat and a
deep musky smell of sex combined in a way that made Jane's knees weak and her
head spin.  One long finger ran its way across Jane's damp skin from her
collarbone to just above where her breast started.  "I've seen you watching me
Jane.  Do you like what you see?"

	The finger dipped lower and Jane did nothing to stop it.  Her breath was
coming so fast, she was starting to feel dizzy.  When Cindy saw that the teen
would not stop her, she let her finger drift lower, under the soft, firm breast,
lightly scraping the underside, then up to the hard nipple.  Jane was lost.  She
groaned and Cindy smiled.  Keeping her eyes on the younger girl, she moved her
face closer and closer until their lips were almost touching.  Jane's lips
parted and she eagerly accepted the older girl's tongue in her mouth.  Meanwhile
Cindy's fingers lightly pinched Jane's nipple.  Her breathing caught, then she
moaned again as Cindy got a much firmer grip.

	Cindy broke the kiss and began to lick her way down Jane's body.  The
teen was shaking and was now leaning against the locker, completely at the mercy
of the older girl.  She avoided Jane's breasts, but licked the sweat soaked skin
between them.  When it became clear that Jane couldn't stand, Cindy placed the
towel on one of the narrow benches and lay the girl down.  She had a good eye
for submissive girls, and Cindy could see that Jane was totally submissive. 
Cindy continued to work on her, grasping her wrists in one of her hands and
holding them above her head.  She licked, teased, nipped and sucked Jane's body,
making the girl incoherent with arousal.  But she avoided all the really
sensitive places, like her nipples and her actual sex.

	Finally, Jane was begging for release.  Hearing the sweet voice of this
girl, so gone in her arousal that she'd beg for an orgasm, turned Cindy on
something fierce.

	"You wanna cum?"  she asked.

	"God yes!  Please, I'm on fire."

	"I'll let you cum, but not until you do something for me."

	"Anything, please.  I'll do anything."

	Cindy pulled Jane to a sitting position and stood in front of her. 
"First, I want you to undress me."

	Jane didn't really know what to do.  Where should she start?  It wasn't
that Cindy was wearing a lot, but she didn't know what to remove first.

	"Start with my top, hon."

	Jane stood and grasped the damp top, pulling it over the beautiful
blonde's head.  Her large breasts were encased in a thin sports bra that was
almost see through because it was so damp.  Jane removed that too, then bent to
remove the panties.  When she pulled them down, Cindy's well trimmed pussy was
right at face level and Jane was mesmerized by the puffy lips that were swollen
with arousal.  The fragrance emanating from between her legs made Jane's 
stomach clench and her pussy spasm.  Slowly she moved her face forward as Cindy
opened her legs more.  Jane was just about to lick that soft, slick flesh, when
Cindy grabbed her hair and pulled her to her feet, forcing their lips together.

	She broke the kiss and said, "You start at the top, lover."  and made
Jane work her way down her firm body, licking and sucking, getting used to the
taste and texture of another woman's body.  Finally, Cindy lay her down on the
bench again, spread her slippery lips open with her fingers and smeared her
juice all over Jane's face.  Jane was lost in the musky scent and taste of
Cindy.  She continued licking and sucking, not even realizing at first that
Cindy had a firm grip on her nipples and was pulling so hard that her tits were
like small cones.  It hurt, but the pain fired her blood in a way that nothing
else ever had.  Cindy drove her nails deep into Jane's nipples as she came, and
Jane almost came her self.  Exhausted, dripping sweat, Cindy climbed off her
face.  Jane looked at her from her prone position.

	"Please.  You said I could cum."

	"And you said you'd do whatever I wanted.  Are you still willing?"

	Jane replied without hesitation.  "Yes, I'll do anything you want."

	Cindy smiled.  She was going to have a lot of fun with this one.  Too
bad she'd found her at the end of the school year rather than in the beginning.

	"What time do you have to be home?"

	"I could call and say I'm studying here in the library.  I wouldn't have
to be home until 9."

	"Fine.  I want you to get dressed and wait for me.  I'm just going to
jump into the shower."

	Jane, still very aroused, never the less wanted one too.  And she wanted
more of Cindy's intoxicating body.  "I should probably take a shower too."

	"No dear.  I like how you smell and taste just as you are.  Get dressed,
and come home with me.  I promise you'll get your orgasm then."

	Jane turned red from the comment about her smell and taste, but she did
as she was told.  An hour later, her hands bound behind her and her knees bound
to the bed posts, Cindy brought her to several screaming climaxes.  They would
have been much louder if Cindy hadn't gagged her with both sets of panties that
they'd been wearing earlier.

	Ken relayed the highlights of what he'd learned and Jane's eyes grew
wide from the telling.  Needless to say, he was wildly aroused.        They were
silent for a moment.               	"I spoke to Elaine this morning."              	
"Elaine?" he asked.  Who the hell was Elaine and what did she have to do with
anything?       	       	"My Mistress.  Former Mistress, now."  She
sighed.  "It wasn't working.  I am bisexual, as you know.  Very bi.  She was
adamantly against me having sex with a man, despite the fact that she often let
other women use me.  I don't mind being denied certain kinds of pleasures.  I
like it, in fact.  The anticipation, the fear that this time I will have to
forego an orgasm - or when the cock that I need so badly has been withheld at my
Master's whim.  It makes me feel more owned, more used.  But I couldn't deal
with a life without men.  A lifetime of denial.              	Tell me Ken, if
I were your slave, would you deny me women?  Would you let others use me? or
keep me for just yourself?"             	The temperature in the area
jumped several degrees.  Ken could feel how hot it was getting.  He supposed
that the sweat on his body could just be a reaction to Jane, to reliving her
first time with a woman.  Or it could be a reaction to feeling her excitement
blaze into life - almost as high as it had been last night.           	"Well,"
he temporized, "you're not my slave, so the question is a bit academic."               	
She leaned forward, and now he could easily smell her arousal, feel the heat she
was giving off on his skin.  "I could be your slave.  Tonight.  Right now, in
fact, I could give myself to you.  Shall I undress right here?  Would you like
to use your belt on my ass or breasts? make me beg you to fuck me?"              	
His breath caught and he could feel the link with Lea strengthen.  She approved,
he knew.   Approved a great deal of what Jane was proposing.              	
"But you have to tell me, would you share me with others?"              	
Ken tried to regain control of his senses, but Jane and Lea were both flooding
him with lust and it was very hard to think.  Would he share Jane?  Hell yes! 
He'd love to see her with another woman.  He wasn't as sure about giving her to
another man, but who knew?  Perhaps if it was the right guy.              	
"If you mean," he said trying to control his voice, "would I let you play with
other women, most definitely.  Perhaps other men too, provided the situation
were right."              	She smiled.  "Do you want me?  Give the word,
Sir and I am yours.  Tie me to a tree, make me crawl behind you, naked, back to
the car, I'll do it."  She leaned closer.  "Do you have the courage to take me? 
I know you want to.  Can you do it?"              	She was taunting him,
and he knew it.  She was very submissive, but only to a strong Master or
Mistress.   She liked to be controlled and wasn't interested in someone who only
talked a good game.              	The time for talk, thought Ken, was
over.

End Part 4




Avatar
Part 5

      	Ken leaned back from Jane to try and clear his head a bit.  His body was
soaring with lust, despite all the sex he'd had over the last few days.  He
didn't question it, just rode the wave. 
     
      	Ken stood and when Jane began to stand also he said, "Stay on your
knees, and remove your clothing."
     
      	His tone was deceptively mild, but Jane actually jumped at the sound of
the order and knelt there looking at him.  Her lips were parted and he could see
her nipples clearly through her top.
     
      	"Do I have to repeat myself?" She shook her head.  "Well, looks like
you've earned your first punishment with me.  Now strip.'
     
    	Jane moaned and began removing her clothing.  The jeans were the hardest
to get off,  and went last.  First, she removed her top, then her bra, freeing
her large breasts.  As large breasts do, they had some sag to them, but not a
lot.  The gold bars through each large nipple glinted in the dim light and by
the time she was naked, her skin shone in the bright light of the moon.  Ken
looked down as she knelt, her back erect, her knees spread wide and her hands
resting on her thighs.
     
      	He squatted next to her and cupped his hand under her chin, tilting her
head up.  Her eyes remained on the ground.
     
      "I want you to look at me, Jane.  You don't need to do that eyes down
thing unless you really get off on it."
     
      Her bright blue eyes locked with his and he felt ... something, jump
between the two of them.  His lust intensified, and her breath caught.
     
      "Would you," he said, pulling her face closer to his,  "care to serve me
tonight?  If so, you should know that, I'll punish you for not obeying me."
     
      "May I call you Master?"  her voice was trembling.
     
      "Yes," he said as their lips came together.  As kisses went it was the
best he'd ever experienced, save the one with Lea.  But he wasn't thinking about
that now, and the fire of lust burned along his nerves as their tongues danced
in each other's mouths.  She tasted hot and sweet and gave herself to the kiss
as no one that he'd ever kissed had before.  He didn't touch her with anything
else, and her hands stayed on her thighs.  But he almost came from just that
contact and he could feel her trembling with need.  After an eternity, they
separated.
     
      "Now, cup your hands under your breasts and offer them to me for
punishment."  Ken was astonished that his voice was steady.  In fact, despite
the flow of hormones raging through his body, he felt completely in control of
himself.  Jane complied, lifting her large breasts in her hands as an offering. 
He bent and pulled the thin belt from her jeans and wrapped it around one hand
so that there was just about a foot dangling from his fist.  Each breast
received ten very firm strokes with the belt.  Jane didn't move, but she did
moan a lot, thanking him after he finished.  He told her to put her hands behind
her back.
     
      She complied, then asked, "Master, my your slave beg to cum?"
     
      	He squatted in front of her and, looking down, noted that she'd made a
large wet patch on the blanket between her legs.  Even as he watched, another
thick drop of oil leaked from her sex.  He could smell her musk and her sweat,
and they made his cock leak.
     
      	"I think you'll have to wait for that."  Her eyes flashed with
excitement.  Ken saw being denied an orgasm just excited her more.  He ran a
hand between her swollen lips.  She was hot and very slippery and her fluids
coated his finger.  She watched every movement as he raised the finger to his
mouth and tasted her.  Her taste was amazing; dark and smoky, sweet and salty
was the only way to describe it. He wanted to plunge his tongue into her core
and listen to her scream her orgasm, coating his lips with her cum.  That would
come later.  He looked at her breasts and noted that they were very red where
the belt had struck them.  Her nipples stood out, inch long, thick nubs that he
couldn't wait to play with.  Wait he would - but not for everything.  He stood,
unzipped his pants and freed his thick cock.
     
      	He grabbed a fist full of her dark hair, but she was already moving her
head to his organ.  Her lips opened and they both groaned as he speared her
mouth. 
     
      	She was very accomplished in the oral arts, working her tongue under the
crown of his dick and applying just the right amount of suction as he slid in
and out of her mouth.  He wasn't rough, but he wasn't gentle either.  Saliva
dripped down her chin and onto her breasts as he neared orgasm, his hand tightly
entwined in her hair.  Finally, he began to spurt into her greedy mouth, the
first few eruptions coating her tongue.  The last several he sprayed on her face
and breasts, groaning as he gripped his cock.
     
      	The release of sexual energy he'd come to associate with sex, did not
occur.  He was satisfied, but could still feel the energy zipping through his
body and knew that he'd have no trouble 'getting it up' again in just minutes. 
Plus, as he examined her front, he was surprised to see just how much he'd cum
all over her.  More than usual, that was for sure, and that didn't count what
he'd spurted into her mouth.
     
      	Stepping off the blanket and putting his cock back in his pants he
looked at the kneeling woman.  She was so sexy!  Her cunt was swollen, as were
her breasts and nipples.  She was dripping with excitement and his cum.
     
      	"Are you coming with me to my house?"
     
     	 "If you wish, Master."
     
      	"Fold your clothes and the blanket.  Put on your shoes and we'll head
back."
     
      	She followed his directions and he made her walk back to the car, nude,
her arms bent 90 degrees, palms up with the blanket and her clothes in them.  It
was a tiring position, especially since he was in no hurry on the way to the
cars.
     
      	Once they got back to the lot, they saw it wasn't empty.  There was a
couple making out on one of the wooden picnic tables near the lot.  Despite the
fact that Jane could be clearly seen (the moon was very bright), she never
hesitated - even when they started to walk right past the two.
     
     	"Holy shit," said the guy, breaking the kiss.  He'd been kissing the
girl, who's back was to them.
     
      	She looked at him, then looked in the direction of his gaze.  "Whoa,"
she said, her eyes traveling up and down Jane's nude body.  It was obvious that
Jane had been engaged in some sexual activity, since the cum still hadn't
completely dried.
     
      	"Good evening folks," smiled Ken.
     
      	"I guess!" said the guy, his eyes also on Jane.  The came to rest on her
pierced and redened breasts.
     
      	Ken looked at the cute girl sitting on the table and information began
to flood his brain.  She was nineteen and at the moment, very aroused.  She was
an exhibitionist, and enjoyed flashing guys whenever she could but she was too
shy to go all the way and do anything that was too public. She really wanted to
though.  She had a nice body too - a little plump, but very fine. 
     
      	"Do you like what she's wearing?" Ken asked.  He could feel Jane's
embarrassment and soaring arousal.  When he looked between her legs, it was just
in time to see a large drop of liquid ooze off her pussy onto her thigh.  She
felt it and it embarrassed - and aroused her - even more.  It would take little
to make her cum.
     
      	"Oh, yeah," said the guy.
     
      	Ken knew that this was the perfect time to suggest that Beth, Dave's
girlfriend, try a little public nudity of her own.   "Why don't you give it a
try?" he said looking at Beth.  "I'm sure that Jane here would like to have
company."
     
      	Beth jumped and he knew it was because excitement had just flooded her
body.  She could.  She really could strip off.  There was no one here but them,
and the other woman was already nude...
     
      	"Yeah Beth," taunted her lover, "Why don't you?"
     
      	"Fine," she said, jumping off the table.  Dave stared amazed as he
watched the girl who he thought was his shy girlfriend, pull off her top and
bra, then drop her skirt and panties.  She smiled at him the entire time and,
for the first time, Ken could feel sexual arousal from another male.  It was ...
different.  It didn't add to his own arousal, but instead joined with the rest
of the energy zipping through his nerves.
     
      	Beth was close to cuming she was so excited.  She was nervous,
embarrassed and oh so aroused and hoped that Dave wouldn't think she was a
freak.
     
      	"Well Dave," said Ken, "looks like you have a very willing young lady
here."  He paused, but Dave was unable to pull his eyes from his girlfriend, who
was now playing with her small, dark nipples.  "You guys have fun."
     
      	Beth flashed him a grin, but Dave never even noticed them leave as he
moved forward off the table.  Beth put one leg up on the seat and Dave knelt in
the grass and began licking her pussy.  She shuddered and came, before Ken even
made it to his car.  He could feel her energy, felt it being pulled to him and
added to his own.
     
      	When they got to the cars, Ken looked at Jane's car seats.
     
      	"Leather?" he asked.
     
      	"Yup," she grinned.
     
      	He gave her her cell phone, wallet and her keys, but took everything
else and put it in his car.  Then he gave her his address.
     
      	"Follow me there.  And don't get lost, OK?"
     
      	She laughed.  "Yes Sir.  I guess it would be rather awkward if I had to
get out to ask directions.  Oh and Sir," she said, reaching into the car and
retrieving a black overnight bag, "Perhaps you should take this too."

	"What's in here?"

	"It's some extra clothing I had in case... um, in case I didn't make it
home tonight."

	Ken gently laughed and kissed her.  Then they got into their cars and
off they went.  He could have chosen a more direct route to his house, but he
didn't.  Some of the streets he drove down were quite well lit and he made sure
to stop at all the yellow lights.  It wouldn't do to get a ticket now would it?
     
      	When they finally got to his small house, he pulled into he driveway. 
It was only big enough for one car and he didn't have a garage, so Jane was
forced to park in the street.  He could have let her pull in the driveway, but
what would be the fun in that?
     
      	Jane showed no hesitation meeting him at the front door.  She just got
out of the car holding her keys, wallet and phone, like walking around nude in
public was something she did everyday.    Ken hadn't even realized how connected
he was into her sexual thoughts until she joined him at the front door.  He
could feel that she was so aroused that she thought she might cum just from how
he was treating her.  She didn't want to do that because she knew she needed his
permission.
     
      	They entered his small house and he turned on some lights.  Ken directed
Jane to kneel in the middle of the living room floor, then bent down to claim a
kiss.  She moaned, but didn't move.  It was a very good kiss.  Ken could see a
light sheen of sweat on her body and could smell that and her arousal so clearly
that for a second all he could think of was pushing her down and sliding his
cock in her. 
     
      	Controlling himself, he left her there and went to the kitchen where he
got two glasses of water.  He set them on the coffee table as he passed back
through the living room on the way to his bedroom.  There, he grabbed his 'toy
bag' and a spreader bar and walked back to the living room.  Her scent reached
him immediately and he realized that his sense of smell was either getting very
good, or her scent was very strong.  He couldn't tell which, but the way she
excited his senses was making him a bit faint.
     
      	Ken sat down in front of Jane and said, "Jane, this is serious.  I don't
know where my life is going from this point on.  This... thing that Lea gave me. 
I don't know what effect it's going to have.  I want you.  I want you as my
slave and my lover, but you need to know what you're getting into."
     
      	He stopped talking and looked at her, waiting.  "Ken," she said, "If you
will have me, I would be your slave and your lover.  Will you take me?"
     
      	Ken felt strange.  There seemed to be more to this conversation than he
was realizing.  He was missing something here, but couldn't put a finger on what
it was.
     
      	He leaned forward, looking into her beautiful blue eyes, whispered,
"Yes," and kissed her.  The kiss was amazing and something inside him - them,
since he knew she could feel it as well, clicked.
     
      	When they parted, he gently pushed her to the floor, positioning her
underneath him.  She spread her legs wide, welcoming his cock into her body. 
Despite how wet she was, sliding into her cunt was a little difficult.  She had
the tightest pussy he'e ever been in and he was quite a bit thicker than
average.  Her slick warmth sent sparks down his shaft and into his brain, and
somehow he could feel what she felt as well.  She was used to the stretching
pain she felt when she was entered and it was an intense turnon for her.  His
extra thickness pushed all her pain loving, submissive buttons and as soon as he
gave her permission, she exploded in an orgasm.  Their coupling was swift and
very intense, and she climaxed again shortly after her first one, powerful
muscles clamping down on his cock, milking it and trying to pull out his cum as
her legs wrapped around him.  He could feel that the thinking, rational Jane he
knew was gone, she was living completely in the moment.  He was able to control
himself and something in the back of his mind marveled at that.  He knew he
should have cum within seconds of her orgasm.  Instead he drove them both to a
final, even more powerful one, both of them moaning, her husky voice urging him
to thrust harder, while she pulled him closer to her with her arms and legs.
     
      	Finally he rolled off her, since his elbows were getting sore from
supporting his weight.  She gave a little moan as his cock withdrew, followed by
a gush of their juices.  Jane quickly squeezed her thighs together, trying to
keep his cum in her.
     
      	They headed for the bathroom and got into the shower stall.  Ken didn't
have a bath tub, and the stall was a bit too small for comfort, but they didn't
care.  Both were quite exhausted and they went into his bedroom, dropped into
bed and were asleep in minutes.
	
 	Ken knew he was dreaming, just like he had last night.  He was with Lea,
but the dream wasn't as focused and clear as it had been before.  The only clear
thing, in fact, was Lea.  He tried to speak to her, but she put her fingers on
his lips, then drew him into a kiss.  He could feel the energy that he'd
accumulated being absorbed into her and her surroundings became a little
clearer, not that it mattered.  Nothing but her existed for him while they
kissed.

	When they finally split, an eternity later, she looked very happy.

	"You have questions, I know.  But there is no time now.  I will tell you
three things.  One:  I have left you some of the energy you've absorbed - use it
as you wish.  Two:  Not only are you are my Avatar, you are also my High Priest. 
Soon, I think, Jane will be offered the opportunity to dedicate herself as my
High Priestess.  She won't be an Avatar because there can only be one.  However,
all those who dedicate themselves to me will have some of the same abilities
that you do - I will give her a little taste of that."  Lea had a mischievous
glint in her eye when she said that.  Their connection began to fade back to the
level it had been at since last night.  Ken felt distressed as the warmth of her
presence receded.  Just before it faded to its normal level, she said, "Oh, and
you might start thinking about getting a larger dwelling.  Soon."

	Ken's eyes opened into darkness of his bedroom.  He could feel Jane
lying next to him, hear her breathing.  She snuggled close to him and the
emptiness that he'd felt after Lea had disappeared was eased.
     
      	The light was dim in his room when he opened his eyes to the feeling of
warm, wet suction on his cock.  Looking down, he saw Jane sucking on him.  After
all the activity yesterday, he would have thought that he'd be petered out - so
to speak.  He wasn't.  However, his bladder was very full and he knew he
wouldn't be able to cum if he didn't empty it first.
     
      	"Good morning Master," said Jane, pulling her mouth off him, while
stroking his rod with her hand.
     
      	"'Morning, slave,"  he replied.  She bent back to her ministrations and,
despite the bladder thing, he thought she might be able to make him cum after
all.  Still, "Jane, my beautiful little slave, I need to use the bathroom."
     
      	"Oh?" she said removing his cock from her mouth.
     
      	"Yes dear, I need to pee."
     
      	Her hand continued to stroke and tease while she looked at him.  "Go
ahead.  Sure wouldn't be the first time."  She covered his glands again with her
mouth, jacking his shaft.
     
      	Ken blinked in surprise.  It wasn't that he'd never heard of water
sports before, but he'd never had a lover or a slave that was into it.  And he
knew he wouldn't even want to try it unless his partner was into it.   He sat
up, pulling her mouth off him.  She made a sad little sound and looked at him.
     
      	"Well, that was unexpected", he said.
     
      	She colored and looked a little confused for a second, as if she'd felt
sure he be into it.  "I'm sorry Master.  I... I didn't mean to gross you out or
anything.  I just thought that... never mind"
     
      	"You didn't dear," he said and she looked up.  "I do want to try that,
for sure, I want to.  But we both should get ready for work."  He grimaced, "Not
that I want to go."
     
      	She smiled, "Me neither.  Why don't you take another day?  It's not like
anyone's gonna say anything to you - you're almost never sick.  I'd cut out
myself, but I have a meeting today that I have to be at."  She gave a little
snort, sensuously stretching as he got out of bed, "Nothing like an idiot who
insists on a meeting on Friday afternoon."
     
      	She rose and sauntered into the bathroom.  He tried to pee while she
rubbed her ass on his and grabbed his toothbrush.  He finally softened enough to
let loose, and began emptying his bladder, sighing in relief when he finished. 
     
      	Turning, he cupped her under her breasts, squeezing them gently while
she sighed and continued to brush.  He smiled and said, "Gee, I *was* going to
offer you my toothbrush."
     
      	She rinsed her mouth and grinned in the mirror at him, "No need Sir." 
Her butt wiggled against his rapidly rising cock.  "Mmmm.  Would Master like to
use his slave before she has to go to work?"
     
      	For an answer, he pulled her back into the bedroom and bent her over so
she could lean on the bed.  She was very wet, but still increadibly tight.  He
slid into her, pulling her nipples by the nipple bars and fucking her rather
roughly until they both had orgasms that left them gasping for breath.  When he
slid out of her, she spun around and knelt, taking his cock into his mouth to
clean off their juices.
     
      	"Oh, I wish I could stay here today Sir.  Please tell me though, you'll
call out today, right?  I think you should."
     
      	"Yeah, I'll call out."
     
      	She jumped to her feet, happy and said, "Good!  I'll just jump into the
shower, and get on the road."
     
      	He grabbed her arm before she could and he looked at her.  "Hmm.  I
think it would be good for you to just get dressed and go.  That way, you'll be
thinking of me today."
     
      	She gave him a little look of surprise, but smiled and said, "As you
wish.  But I've noticed that men seem to know the smell of a well fucked woman. 
They might come on to me."
     
      	"Well, you're mine unless I decide to lend you out.  So don't go
sleeping with any of them."
     
      	"How about the women?"
     
      	For some reason, Genie flashed into his mind, and he smiled.  "Well, you
can have sex with Genie, if you'd like."
     
     	"Oh, thanks!" said Jane as she wandered into the living room to retrieve
her overnight bag.  "She'd probably freak out if I came on to her."
     
      	Ken didn't think so, despite the fact that, from what he recalled, Genie
was pretty much into men.
     
      	"Well, until you get home, it's Genie or no one. And no cuming without
my permission."
     
      	Jane spun and looked at him with a smug little grin on her face.  "Home? 
Are you asking me to move in?"
     
      	Ken blinked.  Wow.  It had only been one night, and he felt so
comfortable with her that he realized that he'd already started thinking of her
as a permenent partner.  The idea had definite appeal.  She saw his hesitation,
frowned for a second, then said, "I'm sorry Master, I didn't mean..."
     
      	"No."  He smiled, "No, it's not that at all."  He paused, then said, "I
think we have a lot of talking to do.  You gonna be busy this weekend?"
     
      	"Sir, I am at your complete disposal.  Anything you want, I'll do."
      	
      	He grinned, "That remains to be seen.  I suspect that I can be a pretty
demanding Master.  When do you expect to be finished at work?"
      	
      	"I'd guess around five," she said pulling out a clean pair of panties. 
Goddess she looked good, thought Ken.  He could still smell her scent, which
portrayed her readiness for sex.
      	
	"I don't think you should wear those," he said.  "After all, you'll just
get them all dirty won't you?"

	"If you wish Sir," she said, smiling.  She retrieved the panties from
last night and held them up.  He nodded and she put them on, then continued
getting dressed.   Her top was just thick enough that he decided she should to
with out a bra as well.

      	Oddly, he felt shy asking the next question.   He didn't let it stop him
though.  "Would you like to spend the weekend here?"
      	
      	She moved close and gave him a hug, "I'd like to spend the weekend with
you, wherever that is."
      	
      	"I'd like that very much," he replied, hugging her back.  Her body felt
so good against him and he could feel the energy from their earlier cupling
zipping though his body.  He didn't want to let her go, but she had to leave. 
Jane walked to the door and picked up her purse.
      	
      	"May I stop at my apartment for some things?"
      	
      	"Sure."
      	
      	"Is there any clothing that I should bring?  Or should I expect to spend
the weekend naked?"
      	
      	His cock began to inflate at that thought - something that was easy for
her to notice since he was naked.
      	
      	He smiled and said, "Well, use your best judgment.  This place is too
small for us to spend the entire weekend inside."
      	
      	"Yes Master," she said, and with one last smile, was gone.
      	
      	Ken looked around the living room noting the toys that he'd had every
intention of using on Jane last night.  Somehow, he'd never gotten around to it. 
He'd wanted to, but after he kissed her, one thing had led to another and he'd
never used them.  He picked up the two glasses of water, dumped them out and
headed for the shower.
      	
      It was a long, leasurly shower, and he steadfastly ignoring the fact that
he'd have to return to work on Monday.  Hell, it was three days away.
 
      End Part 5




Avatar
Part 6

      	After drying off and changing into jeans and a t-shirt, Ken grabbed some
food and turned on the TV.  He quickly flipped past the latest news shows to the
weather channel.  He really didn't want to listen to political bull shit and
since it was an election year, it was hard to escape.  Some of what he'd been
hearing lately about various laws was making him worry.  But truthfully, he'd
been so wrapped up in disinterest that he hadn't been paying that much
attention.
     
      	The weather was supposed to be nice today - clear and in the 80s.  A
perfect day to head to the beach, which was one of his favorite places.  He
didn't swim much since the Pacific was so damned cold, but he loved to walk
along the paths and listen to the ocean.  The pretty girls he got to see was an
added incentive.  Even more so now, since he was ready to for some
experimentation with his powers. 
     
      	He wondered what Lea had meant when she said that he could use the
energy that she'd left him? 
     
      	Dropping the dishes in the sink, he got into his car and took off.  The
traffic was pretty light, even for the middle of a Friday and he made great
time.  The smell of the salt air and the feel of the sun on his skin revived his
sense of well being.  He walked along the path, eyes scanning everything from
behind his sun glasses.  There weren't many people here, but then it was still
early in the day.  Ken suspected that after noon, things would get a little more
crowded.

	At one point he removed his sandals and walked out onto the sand.  He
stood for a long time at the ocean's edge, just listening to the waves, feeling
the salt air on his skin.  He couldn't remember the last time he'd felt this
good.  He wanted to actually put his feet in the water, but he really hated the
cold - and in April, this water was cold.  Finally, he turned and walked back to
the path.  There were a few stores open and he ducked into one to grab a soda. 
Eventually, he settled onto a bench that faced the ocean and relaxed, letting
the sun sink into his body.  It was amazing, he thought, how a small thing like
this could make him feel so good.

	His mind drifted as a light breeze blew over him.  He thought about what
he'd done with his life since... well, he didn't want to think about that
incident.  He realized though, that he hadn't even been on a bicycle in years. 
Why had he given it up?  He'd loved to road ride and it had complimented the
marshal arts training so well.  For the first time in years his body yearned to
get on a bike and just ride.  Even more, his bones and muscles ached to hit the
tatami mats again.  He could almost smell the mats, feel the fluid movements his
body used to perform.

	Ken sat up abruptly, pulling his thoughts from that direction.  He
removed his sunglasses and put his head in one hand.  He couldn't go back to
that.  It had cost too much last time.  Who knew what would happen this time? 
He pushed those thoughts away, slipped on the glasses and looked around.  As he
did, two girls sat on the bench opposite his.

	He leaned back, stretched his arms over the back of his bench and eyed
them.  They were both very, very cute.  And also, pretty young.  Brit, as she
liked to be called, was 16 and Tanya was 15.  The knowledge sank into his brain
and he decided that this was as good a time as any to begin his experimentation.

	They were noticing him as well, which was odd, he thought.  Brit nudged
her friend, then leaned over and whispered something into her ear.  Tanya
colored a bit, and elbowed her while they both dissolved into giggles.  Ken
examined the girls with out using any of his abilities at all.  Brit had dark
hair, already had a tan and nice sized breasts.  Tanya, her friend, was a
typical California blond - except that her breasts were very small.  Her skin
was also beginning to sport a nice tan.  Both girls were wearing small bikini
tops, small nylon shorts and had been inline skating down the path.  Their skin
shown with a bit of sweat.  Ken pushed a bit.

	Brit was horny - but then, she was almost always horny.  She loved the
out doors, loved the sun and loved the fact that the warm day was allowing her
to skate.  And show off her new bikini top.  She was wondering, in fact, if Ken
had noticed her.  She knew her tits were nice because guys were always staring
at them.  That made her self conscious, but it also got her wet as hell.  Her
small thong was currently soaked from the excitement generated by the stares
she'd been getting.  Tanya was also enjoying the day, but she was embarrassed
for two reasons.  First, she hated the fact that her tits were all nipple. 
Sensitive nipple, that insisted on poking out whenever it would be most
humiliating for her.  Second, she'd forgotten to put on deodorant.  She still
wasn't used to using the stuff, since she'd just started needing it, and Brit
had talked her into going skating before she'd had time to begin her day.  So
she could smell her sweat and it... disturbed her.  Brit could smell her too,
and liked it.  She had often seen her friend naked, but had never gotten to do
anything with her.  She'd fooled around with a few girls and liked it a lot. 
She liked boys too, but girls couldn't get her pregnant.  She'd been wondering
for almost a year if Tanya would like to fool around a little.  They were good
friends though, and she didn't want Tanya to hate her.  Tanya, for her part, had
never thought of another girl in a sexual way.  Ken saw that it wouldn't take
much for her to start though.  Tanya was a very sexual person, just very private
about her thoughts and feelings.  He felt a lurch and time seemed to telescope. 
It only lasted a second, but during that time, he realized that the combination
of being very private and shy and having a strong sex drive would not be a good
thing for her.  She would either spend a lot of time frustrated, or end up in an
abusive relationship with someone who gave her great sex, but treated her like
shit.

	Ken wondered what would happen if the two of them had sex.  He thought
that if it went well, Tanya would be a lot better for it.  He started wondering
if he could make that happen.  He was sure that Lea could.  But he didn't have
the power - not yet anyway, to set up a situation where sex between them would
be inevitable.  Still, how would they react to a shared fantasy?

	He continued to concentrate on the girls, absorbing the energy that Brit
was throwing off.  Absorbing it, then feeding it into the fantasy that he was
beginning to spin for the two teens.

	Brit looked over at Tanya.  Tanya looked up as an unaccustomed wave of
arousal seeped into her belly.  She found herself wondering what it would be
like to kiss her friend, then blushed.  She couldn't turn away, though she
tried.

	"What's wrong Tanya?"

	"Nothing," she replied.
     
	Brit was horny.  Somehow, she knew that if she were to push, just a
little, Tanya would let her kiss her.  They were together in her bedroom -
they'd just gotten back from skating and the rest of the house was empty.  She
leaned close and Tanya's aroma reached her.  Her wide blue eyes were staring
into her dark brown ones.  Beads of sweat had broken out on her upper lip. 
Brit's hormones were moving into overdrive, and Tanya had no idea how to cope
with the sudden onset of sexual desire for her friend.  Brit continued to move
closer until their lips touched.  Tanya let out a little moan, her nipples
hardening against the damp bikini top.  Brit probed further with her tongue and
Tanya opened her mouth.  They both tasted the juice they'd been drinking and
Brit thought it was the sexiest thing in the world.  Her thong was drenched and
she could see Tanya's nipples poking through her top.  God how she'd love to
take one in her mouth.

	They continued to kiss, and Brit gently stroked Tanya's arm, causing the
girl to shiver.  More stroking created a little moan and they were lying back on
the bed.  Brit's hand drifted to Tanya's slightly damp stomach, stroking the
flat, bare area the way she herself liked to be touched.  Tanya just moaned and
kissed her harder.  Brit pulled away from the kiss, letting her fingers run up
the center of Tanya's torso, between her small breasts and to her throat as she
ran her tongue down to Tanya's neck and ear.  Tanya's hands were clenching and
opening.  She didn't know what to do, but she knew that she didn't want her
friend to stop.        	

	Tanya lay there as Brit kissed her throat, then down to her chest.  Her
nervousness at having such small tits disappeared as Brit's tongue and teeth
teased the skin of her upper chest. 

	"Take off your top," whispered Brit.

	Tanya's pupils were dilated as she looked at her friend.  Shifting, she
pulled the strings and removed her top.  Nervousness returned as she bared her
breasts to the other girl.  What if Brit thought she was too small and laughed
at her?

	Brit moaned, the scent of Tanya's skin and the sight of her beautiful
body causing her belly to clench and her pussy to spasm, forcing out more of her
thick juices.  She ran her tongue over the damp, salty skin, nipping with her
teeth just under the dark pink, erect nipple.  Tanya groaned as Brit whispered
how beautiful she was, then took the nipple into her mouth.  Tanya actually came
from that.  Brit almost came herself, feeling the hard nub expanding even more
in her sucking mouth.  Her hand worked the other nipple, rhythmically squeezing
and tugging it, working Tanya back up the curve toward orgasm.

	She let go of the nipple under her fingers and worked her hand
underneath the damp shorts, her fingers gliding over the soaked panel of cotton
that guarded her friend's treasure.  Tanya pushed her sex into the delicate
fingers that were sliding over her covered lips and pleasure spread through her. 
Brit moved up to kiss her again, while trying to get her out of her pants. 
Tanya had no qualms about helping, and soon Brit was kissing her way down
Tanya's belly, heading toward the lightly haired slit with her tongue.  She
teased them both, kissing Tanya's upper thighs, licking close, but not on, the
puffy outer lips, then nipping her way down the thigh to the girl's knee.  She
wanted so badly to plunge her tongue into the sweet smelling pussy, but wanted
to draw out this first time for them both.  She kissed her way back up to the
junction, then held her head above the drooling slit, inhaling Tanya's musk and
looking at her. 

	Tanya's eyes were glazed and she really wanted Brit to let her orgasm
again.  She was so close!  Tanya looked down at the other girl, and smiling,
Brit slowly dipped her tongue into the blonde's sex, opening the lips and
releasing a small flood of pent up juices.  They were delicious  - tangy, salty,
musky -Brit had never tasted better.  Not even her own, which she'd sampled many
a time.  Tanya stiffened and came when Brit's tongue speared her sex and slid
inside.  It took only seconds for her to come again while the other girl worried
her clit, sucking while lashing it with her tongue, then slid a finger inside
her.  She came so many times that it seemed like she never left the peak. 
Finally Brit backed off when Tanya started getting very wild.  She crawled up
and cradled the sweat soaked girl in her arms and kissed her as she came down
off her high.  Tanya could taste herself and she liked it just fine.  She gazed
at her lover and knew that Brit would taste just as good.  Tanya just had to get
the strength up to remove Brit's clothes.

	Ken shook his head.  Wow.  That had been intense.  He looked up at the
girls.  They were sitting there panting and sweating as if they'd been, well,
like they'd been having sex.  He thought he could detect a wet spot in Brit's
crotch and the nipples on both girls were very evident.  They looked at each
other, rose off the bench and, holding hands, skated away. He could feel the
warm glow of  energy that the fantasy had created and knew that those two were
off to seek someplace more private.  They both had the same thing on their
minds, even though Tanya was still going to be very shy.

	He, however, wasn't going anywhere - especially with his cock rock hard. 
It would be noticed.  Looking at his watch confirmed that only a few seconds had
passed instead of the half hour or so it had seemed.  He could feel the energy
in his body, zipping along his nerves.  He felt alive.  He felt incredibly good. 
And he felt incredibly horny.  He wanted Jane.  Badly.  But he'd have to wait,
which meant that if he still felt this way when she got to his place, she was in
for a rough evening.

	It took a while for things to die down a bit, but eventually he was able
to get up.  As he walked along he continued to think about his life.  The days
before Lea now seemed so gray, so lifeless, and he felt like he was being
reborn.  Ken wondered what else he should do today and was surprised that he
really wanted to get on a bike.  Well, he thought, he had some money.  He wasn't
rich, but he sure as hell hadn't been spending much in the last five or so
years.  He had enough to get a new bike, and he knew of a store near his home
that sold them.  Ken liked to support local business when he could.
   
    	Off he went, back toward his house.  He spent some time wondering about
the energy that he was collecting.  Was there anyway to create a sustained feed? 
What happened to the people he touched with this power if he kept contacting
them?  If Lea was a Goddess who lived off this energy, then shouldn't he start a
church or something?  He was both horrified and amused at the thought.  Ken
considered organized religion to be one of the most destructive forces on the
planet.  On the other hand, it would be a blast to create a church that was
built around sexual pleasure, rather than sin, control and the creation of
wealth for the few.  He was sure that such an endeavor would be shut down before
it ever became powerful enough to protect its self.  Americans, as Lea had
pointed out, were completely hypocritical about sex.  The current administration
was full of people who didn't understand separation of church and state.  They
were happy to let people worship anyway they wanted to - as long as it aligned
with their beliefs.
   
    	Ken pulled into the parking lot of the bike store and entered.  He
wandered around for a few minutes looking at all the bikes.  Shit - they sure
had come a long way since the last time he rode.  They had road bikes, but they
also had mountain bikes and something called hybrids.  He found himself
fascinated by the mountain bikes.  Not only did they have more gears than he
thought anyone would need in a life time, but they had shocks - front and rear
and even disk brakes!  This was way out of his league. 
   
    	"Hi, can I help you?" asked a bright, cheery voice.  He turned around to
see that it belonged to a bright, cheery looking young woman.  A very fit,
bright, cheery, attractive young woman.  He felt his ability start to reach out
to her, and reigned it back in.  There would be time for that later.  Right now,
he wanted a bike.  Still, she exuded a level of sexuality that only those women
who were very fit seemed to have.
   
    	"Yes.  I'd like to buy a bike."
   
    	She grinned, obviously used to the effect she had on men - women too,
she knew.  She enjoyed flirting with cute guys and cute girls.  Nothing got her
off more than a nice hard ride on a bike, directly followed by a nice hard ride
with the partner of her choice.  The sweat slicked skin, the salty taste of her
partner, the musky taste of a hot cock or cunt....
   
    	Damn!  he thought.  Ken broke contact and got things back under control. 
Controlling himself was going to be harder than he thought. This girl loved sex,
and he knew that she'd love a little time in some ropes being pounded with a
hard cock or a thick strap-on.  Well, Lea had said he'd be most attracted to
those women that had compatible interests.
   
      	"Well, you've come to the right place," she said with out missing a
beat.  Her nipples though, were visible beneath her shirt.  She loved to have
them roughly twisted, pulled, bitten and god DAMN it concentrate!  "We've got
stuff for every level of rider and can even put together a custom bike for you. 
Of course, that would take some time and it's a little more expensive.  What did
you have in mind?"
     
      	How about you come back with me, I tie you up and fuck the shit out of
you, thought Ken.  Uh, oh.  Her eyes dilated and she stepped toward him. 
Quickly he broke contact again, but he thought he could hear the tinkle of Lea's
light laughter in his head.  She stopped and blushed a bit, but gamely tried to
cover herself by pointing to the nearest bikes.
     
      	"These are nice mountain bikes and they'll get you though some pretty
radical trails."  She looked back at him, "Do you ride a lot?"
     
      	"Actually, I used to road ride, but I haven't been on a bike for more
about ten years."
     
      	"Oh," she said with a big grin, "Well, I gotta tell ya, I'll help you
pick out a road bike - no prob, but mountain biking is where it's at."
     
      	"Hmm," he replied with a big grin, "and I'm sure that's a very unbiased
opinion?"
     
      	She snorted, "Not hardly.  I mean, I do road ride when it's too wet to
do anything else, but there's nothing like being on a trail."  She turned and
started heading for the road bikes,  "We have some great road bikes too, right
over here."
     
      	"Wait a second," said Ken.  "Tell me more about this mountain biking
thing."
     
      	She turned and smiled, "OK."
     
      	Rather than launch into a sales pitch for a bike, she started telling
him about trail riding.  When she saw he wasn't put off by descriptions of
dropping off ledges, riding over logs and through streams, she really warmed to
the subject.  Ken was intrigued.  He could actually feel her interest in the
subject because, for some reason, the best trail rides she'd had were very
sensual experiences for her.  Especially the ones that had ended with someone
between her legs. 
     
      	Consequently, he decided that maybe he should buy a mountain bike.  When
all was said and done, it was close to one o'clock when they finished and he'd
purchased a fairly expensive bike.  A Specialized Enduro Expert, with
suspension, front and rear, twenty seven gears and even hydraulic disk brakes. 
Then she began to tell him all the other things he'd need, starting with a
helmet.
     
      	Initially, Ken didn't see the point of a helmet, but Sandy, that was her
name, quickly disabused him of that point of view.
     
      	"You don't ride without a helmet - it's stupid and dangerous.  When we
do shop rides, we won't even allow someone to come with us without one," she
said.  Then, "Here, take a look at this."
     
      	It was a video of some radical mountain bikers.  It was a ten minute
loop of things that Ken had never thought you could do on a bike - or anything
else for that matter.  There were also some spectacular crashes which more than
convinced Ken that a helmet would be a good idea.  Not that he thought, even for
a second,  that he'd be crazy enough to do anything like what was on the video.
     
      	He mentioned that and Sandy just smiled and said, "That's what they all
say.  Then it gets in your blood and all you can think about is the next climb
or the next log stack or ledge."
     
      	Before he made it out the door, Ken spent just over three thousand
dollars.  It was a whopping chunk of cash, but he could cover it.  It wasn't
like he planned on spending this kind of money every day.  It seemed that just
the bike wasn't enough.  There were shoes, clothes, a rack for his car, a pump,
a Camelback hydro pack.  He wasn't even sure he'd be able to ride with the damn
shoes - they clipped right into the peddles.  Sandy suggested that he find a
nice, grassy spot to get used to them.
     
      	"You know," said Sandy after ringing him up, "we have shop rides almost
every weekend.  I'm running one on Sunday and I'd love to see you there."
     
      	What she'd love to see, Ken knew, was his cock slamming into her pussy
after a nice, hard ride.  She could almost feel his hands pulling on her small,
firm breasts, his cock coated with her juices as he took her from behind.  Ken
would like that too, but had no idea, oddly enough, what Jane would think of it. 
He wondered if she would find Sandy attractive?
     
     	Thinking of Jane caused his perspective to shift.  It was almost like he
was hooked into her nervous system.  She was incredibly aroused.  She was
doing... something.  It felt like sex, but she was supposed to be at work.  In
fact, it was sex - and with a woman.  Interesting.
     
      	His focus snapped back to Sandy, but she hadn't noticed a lapse.
     
      	"Also, I ride on other days.  My number's on the card and if you'd like
to ride..." me, came her unspoken thought, "... just call and I'll let you know
when." Now would be good.  She couldn't believe how horny she was.  Why this guy
was getting to her, she had no idea.  What if he had a girlfriend?  Hmmm, that
could be interesting.  She'd had girls, and she'd had guys, but never one of
each at the same time.
     
      	Ken, once again, pulled his thoughts from her fantasies.  "Thanks.  I'm
sure that I'll want to practice before I start in with the hard core riders."
     
      	"Hey, we have people of all skill levels.  We're all there to learn and
have fun, so don't let that stop you!"
     
      	They continued to talk as he put his bike on his newly purchased roof
rack and she gave him some more pointers, reminded him to call her about riding
and went inside.  Ken drove off looking for some place to eat lunch.

	Going to the mall was out.  If he couldn't even handle being around one
girl, being around dozens was going to be a problem.  He decided to stop at a
the deli.  The younger girls who worked there should still be in school, and
Mrs. Schumacher, while a nice lady, had to be closing on 80 and was a serious,
no nonsense battle ax.  Things went as planned, for once, and he escaped with a
nice lunch.  And the normal questions from Mrs. Schumacher about when he was
going to get married, why he was so thin, and when was he going to find a good
woman to take care of him.

	He went home to eat and when he was finished, contemplated relieving
himself from some of the sexual tension he'd been building up.  He was beginning
to be able to separate the energy that he received from others and his own
sexual drives.  Still all that energy certainly had the effect of greatly
increasing his own sex drive.  He decided to wait until Jane returned tonight to
do anything about it.  However, since she wouldn't be back for a few hours,
perhaps it was time to take his new bike for a spin.

	When he finally did get back, Jane's car was in the front of the house. 
He grinned as he pulled into the driveway.  He was willing to bet that she
hadn't walked to his house naked this time.   Ken got out, groaning from the
ache in his muscles and the rather large scrape on his leg, and began taking the
bike off the roof rack,

	It was considerably less clean then it had been a few hours ago.  So was
he, for that matter, but he'd had an incredibly good time on the ride.  The book
of trails that Sandy sold him, plus her verbal instructions had allowed him to
find a nice spot for his first ride.  He made a mental note to get some kind of
odometer because a lot of the trails in the book had directions that depended on
knowing how far it was from point A to point B.  Still, he'd really had a blast
just messing around on some of the easier trails.  Getting used to having his
shoes clipped into the pedals was a little strange, but not too much worse than
when he used to have cages over his feet.  Fortunately, the one time he did
forget to clip out, no one had been around.  He'd felt pretty foolish laying
there on his side in the grass, still attached to the bike.

	The only thing that had given him trouble was when he'd tried to ride
over a fallen log.  It was pretty chewed up, so he figured lot's of people had
done it.  He gotten over it too, just not the way he'd hoped.  As the log came
up, he pulled a wheelie, and guided the front tire most of the way over it.  The
shocks absorbed the impact with no problem.  However, he hadn't accounted for
how the rear shocks were going to act and he got literally bounced end over end
and went right over the handle bars.  He tucked and rolled, so the landing,
while ignominious, was mostly undamaging.  However, his left shin had nailed
something on the way over and was scraped rather badly.  He wheeled the bike to
the utility room at the back of the house, then removed the rest of his gear
from the car.  He wanted something to drink, a shower and food.  And Jane, if
she was interested. 

	When he opened the door though, he stopped in shock.  There was Jane,
kneeling with her head to the floor, arms out in front of her.  Her ass was
slightly raised and her long, dark hair was pulled to one side.  She was
completely naked.

	Before he could even say anything, she spoke.  "Master your slave asks
for punishment for disobeying your orders."

	Well, he thought, this certainly wasn't what he'd expected to see when
he got home.


End part 6




Avatar
Part 7

    	Ken was surprised, to say the least, by the sight that confronted him. 
After all, it wasn't every day that a beautiful, nude woman was found kneeling
in his living room asking to be punished.  He had to admit that it held a
certain attraction for him.  His cock was all for it, that was for sure.  Not
being exactly sure what to say, he walked over and put his stuff on the floor
next to the couch.  He noted that the coffee table had a flogger, a cat-o-nine
tails, a crop and a thin cane on it.  None of them where his.  In fact, he
didn't even have a cane, since they really caused a lot of pain and most subs
avoided them like the plague. 

    	Ken dropped into Master Mode and picked up the flogger, giving it
several swishes in the air.  It had a very nice balance to it and was much
better made than the one he owned.  Jane didn't move at all, nor did she say
anything.

    	"What order of mine did you disobey?" he asked.  Ken, as much as he
loved BDSM, had never had the opportunity to live the lifestyle.  He'd had
slaves, but they weren't working at the same level that Jane was.  They were
bedroom slaves, the kind that would follow orders if it got them off.  They
liked a light flogging and nice tight some bondage.  Well, most of them were
like that.  His on-again, off-again lover/slave Jill got into slightly more
intense play and he'd played at a local club when he could find a partner.

    	"Sir, you ordered me not to cum, but I did anyway," replied the woman,
who still hadn't changed her position.  Ken picked up the cat and swung that
around.  Cuming only with permission was one of the things that he wanted his
slaves to strive for.  Of course, depending on the situation, they couldn't stop
themselves.  He was surprised that Jane had failed at this.  He remembered her
iron will from when they played together in the dream and he thought that it
would take a hell of a lot of stimulation to make her cum if she was trying not
to. 

    	"I see," he said.  "Would you like to tell me what happened before or
after I punish you?"

    	"After Sir,"  she paused.

    	"Why?" he asked.

    	"Sir, I expect that after I tell you what happened, you'll want to use
your slave.  I would like to make sure you get your pleasure from me without
having to worry about disciplining me afterwards."

    	"Very considerate of you.  Which of these lovely toys that you brought
me do you think I should use?"

    	"Any or all Sir.  My punishment is completely at your discretion."

    	Ken had no idea what her limits were.  In the dream, they'd been
stratospheric, but he knew in real life that she'd like to be able to walk
tomorrow.  Besides, he had no intention of damaging this beautiful woman.  That
being said, there was a lot he could do to her without causing damage.  He
decided to start with the flogger.

    	The first stroke came down on her ass.  She didn't even wiggle and just
said, "Sir, should I count?"

    	"Nope.  I'll stop when I feel you've had enough."  His cock was a piece
of iron and he longed to plunge it into her body.  He could, he knew.  He could
even not punish her.  But that would be breaking the agreement between them. 
She was a slave, and he her Master.  If she broke his rules, she was punished. 
If he didn't follow though, what kind of Master would he be to her?  "Do you
have a safe word you'd like to use?"

    	"No Sir.  I'm sure you'll know when I've had enough."

    	The second stroke fell, then a third.  The link he shared with Lea
seemed to deepen.  Through it he could feel Jane's arousal, and he knew she was
right.  He'd know if she needed him to stop.  Each stroke of the whip caused
pain that soaked right into her pleasure centers.  Her pussy swelled and began
to ooze moisture, her nipples became thick nubs and her clit started poking from
its hood.  By the tenth stroke, her ass was bright red, and she was moaning in
pain.  And pleasure.  He wondered what he could do, if she got off on this
treatment, to actually punish her.

    	Ken switched to the cane and Jane ended up with ten welts crossing each
ass cheek.  The sharp sting stoked her fires and she was literally dripping cunt
juice on the floor.  He stopped after the second stroke of the cane and put a
saucer under her cunt, then continued with another ten strokes.  None of the
welts were bleeding, but she wouldn't be sitting very comfortably for a day or
so. 

    	Finally, Ken picked up the cat.  He knew that he could make her cum with
this.  Their link was so tight now that he knew to the millimeter just how far
he could take her.  He began on her cunt, rotating the cat so the strands
slapped against her sex.  She moaned, opened her legs wider and archer her back
to give him better access to her slick cunt.  Ken stopped just before she came. 
She sobbed, her hips rotating, tears dripping on the floor.  But she didn't beg
to cum.

    	For his part, he was wildly aroused.  He couldn't wait to do this to her
when he could make her cum.  He had no idea why he enjoyed making a woman cum
using pain, but he did.  He guessed that, just the way her brain was hardwired
to accept pain and get pleasure from it, his was wired to give it.

    	Ken left her there, then went into his bedroom and grabbed the toy bag. 
When he returned, he removed a large but plug - no time like the present to
start stretching her enough to take his cock, and a pair of nipple clamps.  The
plug he lubed simply by running it through her cunt lips.  She gritted her teeth
trying to keep from cuming, and moaned loudly when he sunk the plug home.

    	He removed his clothes, and sat on the couch saying, "You left a mess on
the plate on the floor.  You should clean that up."

    	Jane knew he didn't mean that she should get a paper towel and wipe her
cunt juice off the plate.  She shifted back, bent further and licked the plate
clean.

    	"OK Jane, now you can come over here and tell me what happened today."

    	Jane got to her hands and knees and crawled toward him.  Her arousal was
so high he couldn't believe she wasn't cuming.  The energy she was giving off
felt like a flame thrower - he could almost see her glowing.  When she got to
his feet she knelt, her heels on her ass, and winced from the pain.  Then she
saw his leg.

    	"Master, what happened to you?"  Jane appeared quite distressed.

    	He looked down and saw the large bloody spot on his leg.  Jane had
completely distracted him and he'd forgotten the injury.  The amount of sexual
energy she was flooding him with pretty much overrode any pain he was feeling. 
His thick cock was standing high and hard.

    	"Nothing big.  I'll tell you later.  Now, I'd like you to have a seat
and tell me what happened.  And if you cum while you're telling me, I'll put you
in a chastity belt for a month."

    	She looked a little confused, and he pointed to his cock.  He felt her
heart leap as she realized what was required of her.  She was going to have to
sit on his cock while she told the story of what happened to her and still keep
from cuming.

    	"You are a cruel Master.  How am I going to keep from cuming?"

    	"I have faith in you.  Now sit down."

    	She eased herself over his rod.  The thickness and length of it, with
the addition of the plug in her ass, really stretched her wide.  Considering
that she was normally incredibly tight, it was extra painful when he entered
her.  She groaned and panted, rotating her hips and finally slid down to the
base, then started to rise, but Ken held her hips.

    	"Just stay there.  You can practice squeezing me while you tell the
story."

    	Jane sighed in relief.  Perhaps she wouldn't cum after all.  Ken reached
up and twisted her long nipples, hooking his fingers behind the nipple bars and
pulling.  The brown nubs were engorged with blood and he felt her cunt twinge
around his cock as he squeezed and pulled.  He let them go and began screwing on
a clamp.  Because of the bars, it was very painful since her nipples were
squeezed both from the outside and the inside and he didn't stop until each
nipple was very flat.  Her cunt twitched hard while he tightened the screws and
he knew that all he had to do was give her permission and she'd have a major
orgasm.  She wasn't going to get permission though and she knew it.

    	Ken grabbed the crop and shifted, causing his slave to wince from the
pain in her ass and the pleasure in her pussy.  "Begin," he said.  "I'm sure you
won't mind me using this on you from time to time."

    	"No Master.  I am yours," she replied in an unsteady voice.  Her eyes
were glowing with lust.

    	"I left here," she began, "and went right to work.  I usually wear a
bra, but even though the shirt was pretty thick, it was kind of hard for me to
hid the fact that I wasn't wearing one.  Unsurprisingly, I got a number of
stares, but people know I'm in a relationship, so no one came on to me."  She
stopped and grinned, "Of course, none of them know what kind of relationship, or
with who.   Anyway, things were fairly normal until I needed to get some coffee. 
It was a little weird walking around because I could still feel your cum in my
pussy - as you intended - and it was making me really hot.  So, I go into the
coffee room and things that's when things start to get strange.  Genie was in
there along with Brenda and the usual crowd." 

    	Jane paused a minute, her eyes going a bit glassy, "It was the weirdest
thing.  I could almost feel the sex in the air.  Two of the guys hadn't been
laid in over a month, and they were really hot for either of the girls.  But as
soon as I showed, up, I found all four of them talking to me.  It was driving me
nuts!  I could feel how aroused the guys were.  Even Brenda - she's on her
period which is a big turn off for her, was getting aroused.  Ron and Bill,
they're dicks were hard and I knew that I could have them in an instant.  It was
Genie who drew me though.  She was so aroused.  She hid it well, but I could
smell it - which is odd, since I don't have a really great sense of smell.  I
mean, I could feel how horny she was and it made me want to drop to my knees and
serve her."

    	Jane closed her eyes at this point, trying to get some control over
herself.  Ken didn't help things by striking her flanks with the crop.  She
shuddered, the strong muscles in her cunt pulsing, but kept from cuming.  For
her, this was truly torture.  To not be able to give herself to the sweet pain
emanating from her ass and nipples, to not grind her clit on his pubic bone and
feel his cock rotate inside her, this was torture.  Ken knew that it was
punishing her as the whip never could.

    	"Continue slave," he commanded.

    	Jane caught her breath, "Yes Master.  Anyway, how they felt was almost
overwhelming me.  Especially coming right from here and being already all worked
up.  I managed to get out of there, but each one made a visit to my cube, even
Brenda, who had started to get horny.  It was as if I could almost feel their
lust sinking into me.  I got rid of each one as fast as I could, but I was
getting into a state where I couldn't concentrate.  I considered calling you and
begging for permission to cum, but I didn't want to seem weak.

    	"Just before lunch, Genie came in again.  I started to lose it then. 
She was so aroused and I felt like I knew all this stuff about her.  I knew,
somehow, that she'd masturbated last night.  And this morning, and again in the
stall in the bathroom after we met earlier.  She was going nuts and somehow,
she'd focused on me as her object of lust.  When I looked into her eyes, I just
snapped.  I stood up and walked toward her.  She was frightened, but out of her
mind with lust.   She'd never had any fantasies about women, always men.  She
always considered herself straight - not even bi.  She knew what I was going to
do, though and she wasn't going to stop me.  She's as submissive, like I am,
just with very different tastes.  How I knew all this, I have no idea.  But I
knew I could kiss her.  So I did."

    	Jane's body shuddered.  Ken slapped the crop hard against her breasts
causing her to cry out and almost cum - but she held on.  Barely.  The cruelty
he was displaying was turning her on as much as everything else.  Ken knew - he
was following her emotions with ease now.

    	"She melted into me.  She moaned, and opened her mouth and let my tongue
slide deep inside.  It was kind of funny, actually.  We are both submissive, so
it seemed like no one would take the lead.  But I have the advantage of
experience;  I know what to do and she does not.  So, I told her to follow me
and we headed for the third floor."

    	The third floor of their building was closed for renovations, but the
company paying for them had run out of money.  Currently, there was no work
being done up there.

    	"We found a small office.  There was no furniture, just the rug, and I
closed and locked the door.  I told her to strip, and she did.  I took my
clothes off as well, but left on my panties.  They were pretty messy by now,
especially since I'd had them on yesterday as well.  I grabbed her head and
forced it between my legs and she moaned and started licking them.  Finally,
when they were totally soaked, I pulled them off to let her get at the real
thing.  She really had no idea what to do, but I gave her instructions.  I knew,
somehow, that she wouldn't like it if I humiliated her.  So I was forceful, but
I didn't degrade her.  She's a fast learner and I was cuming in no time.  I also
knew that if I told her she was eating a man's cum out of my pussy it would make
her cum.  I was right.  When I told her, she came on the spot.

    	"When she finished eating me, I pushed her down and sat on her face. 
Then I got to work on her pussy.  Genie, as it turns out, is a very anal girl. 
She had her tongue as far in my asshole as she could get it while her fingers
worked my pussy.  I came again.  I sucked her, somehow knowing exactly how to
make her cum.  She almost passed out she came so many times - especially after I
shoved two fingers up her ass.

    	"When we finished, I made her lick my fingers clean, which made the
little slut cum yet again, then I got dressed, we kissed and I left.  I didn't
see her the rest of the day.   I was still horny as hell, but it seemed more
controllable.  It felt like I had all this sexual energy zipping around in me. 
I knew that almost anyone I wanted could be mine.  It's very strange for a
submissive to feel that kind of power."

    	Jane finished her story.  She was in agony from the being denied an
orgasm.  Relating what had happened also made her a bit confused about what had
been going on the entire day.  Ken wasn't confused.  He knew now that she hadn't
had a chance of fully following his orders.

    	"Jane my lovely slave, I feel as if I punished you under false
pretenses," said Ken.

    	"I don't understand," she replied.  "I mean, you can punish me when ever
and how ever you like, so how can it be under false pretenses?"

    	"You'll have to take my word for it - for the moment at least.  But you
couldn't have followed my order not to cum no matter how hard you tried, so I
will make you an offer.  If you'd like, I'll end your punishment and you can
come right now.  It's up to you."

    	As soon as he said it, he knew she wasn't going to take him up on his
offer.  Not only did she feel that she'd failed him, but she was quite familiar
with Doms who gave impossible orders to their subs so that they had an excuse to
punish them.  While she knew that she'd be unhappy if it happened all the time,
she loved it on occasion.  It pushed all her submissive buttons.

    	"No Sir.  Thank you, but I failed you and I deserve punishment."

      	"As you wish.  I, however, fully intend to cum in this hot pussy of
yours."
     
      	"Yes Master," Jane was shaking now, sweat beading and running down her
chest and legs.
     
      	Ken, however, didn't move.  He just looked at her.  She was wild with
lust and he knew that she hadn't been brought to this point for a long time. 
Jane was having the time of her life.  He decided to push her further.
     
      	"Well, you didn't expect me to do the work, did you?" he asked.
     
      	"No Sir.  How can your slave serve you?"
     
      	"Well, each time I tap a breast with this crop you were so kind to
supply me with, you will rise or fall on my cock, depending on your position. 
Do you understand?"
     
      	"Oh, God, you are cruel!"
     
      	"Do you understand?" he asked in a firmer tone.
     
      	Jane slid into sub space.  "Yes Sir, I understand."
     
      	His taps were anything but light, or even.  Her thighs trembled with
strain as he made her rise and hold it until the crop fell on her breast again. 
Often, it fell on the portion of her nipple that extended beyond the clamps he'd
used.  Those hits, she was informed, didn't count.
     
      	Still, he held out for less than ten minutes before grabbing her hips
and grinding himself against her as his cock spewed a huge load of cum into her
body.  She was actually shaking with the need to cum and normally, he would let
her.  But he knew that she didn't want it.  She craved the suffering that
obeying his orders brought her.
     
      	He had her squat over his cock and empty his cum over it, then lick him
clean.  As was becoming usual, the release of orgasm was not quite a release. 
The energy that Lea needed to live swirled in his body and he got hard as Jane
licked his cock clean. 
     
      	Even so, he was exhausted and hungry.  He just wanted to relax, call out
for some food, then take a shower, and collapse in a chair.  And now that he
wasn't distracted, his leg hurt.  However, Jane needed to be tended to - he
couldn't just leave her in this state..  The furnace of energy that she was
giving off was slowly seeping into him, which was beginning to get a little
disorienting.  Gently he removed the clamps and the plug from her.
     
      	She ended up kneeling, looking at him with her eyes somewhat glassy.  He
gingerly sat down on the floor with his back against the couch and pulled her
into his lap.   He stroked her hair and whispered to her how beautiful she was
as she slowly came back to herself.  He could feel her body was still in need,
still yearning for an orgasm.  But fifteen minutes later she was back with him
and he felt that she would respond rationally to him.  Well as rational as she
could get considering how badly she was in need.
     
      	"Hey lover, you back here?"
     
      	"Yes Master.  I haven't felt like that in years.  Thank you.  Thank you
for understanding what I need."
     
      	He kissed the top of her head and said, "Well I need a shower and some
food."
     
      	"That sounds good.  I know I need a shower," she replied.
     
      	They slowly got off the floor and made their way into the bathroom.  Ken
was a little appalled at the marks he'd left on her ass and breasts.  She, on
the other hand, was admiring them while looking in the full length mirror behind
the door.
     
      	"Mmmm, thank you Master."  She saw his concerned stare and turned toward
him,  "Master, really, thank you.   Seeing your marks on my body makes me feel
very sexy."  She shuddered, "Not that I need any help in that direction at the
moment."
     
      	"I'm not used to leaving any marks," said Ken.
     
      	"Well Sir, please get used to it.  I don't bruise, but I love how my
body looks and feels after an intense session like this.  Almost all of it will
be gone by morning."  He still didn't look convinced.  "Sir, really, it's a huge
turn on for me.  I've been whipped until I bled, and it doesn't bother me at all
- not even the blood.  I really do love being treated like this and I like how
the whip makes me feel - both during and after it's used."

	Ken smiled and shook his head as he finished adjusting the water.  He
really needed a shower after biking, never mind the intense sex he'd just
experienced.  Jane slipped in beside him and they washed, squirming and giggling
under the water.  She stroked his semi-hard cock often and he noticed that she
was still very slippery between her legs - even though he knew there was no soap
there.

	They were both ravishingly hungry when they finished cleaning up and
decided to find something quick and easy for food.  Ken knew the deli was open
and presented the option to Jane, who at this point was all for food.  Now. 
Please.  So off they went.

	Of course, Mrs. Schumacher was still there - Ken wondered if she ever
left the store.  They ordered sandwiches while Ken endured comments that
indicated that, as much as she appreciated his business, he really should have
taken his beautiful girlfriend out to a nice restaurant.  Mrs. Schumacher also
made it clear to Jane that Ken was usually alone and could really use a good
woman in his life.  He wondered what the woman would think if she knew what
they'd just been doing.
	
	They took the food home and ate, making small talk.  Ken was amazed how
comfortable he was with Jane.  She finally asked again how he'd hurt his leg and
he told her.

	"I didn't know you liked mountain biking," she said.  "You never
mentioned it before."

	"Yeah, well I'd never been mountain biking before.  While I was at the
beach, I realized that I hadn't done any road biking since... well, in a long
time, so on a lark, I went to the store to buy one.  I got convinced to buy a
mountain bike instead."

	"Convinced, huh?  Was she cute?" asked Jane with a sly smile.

	"Actually yes," he said.  "And horny as hell."

	Jane looked at him wide eyed.  "You didn't!"

	"Didn't what?" he asked. "Have sex with her?"

	"Did you?"

	"Nope.  I wanted to, but then I thought about you coming over tonight." 
He paused, "It's funny, and I know it sounds arrogant, but I'm sure she would
have come home with me.  It's got something to do with this power that Lea gave
me."

	Jane looked at him, "Does that mean you can have sex with any woman you
want?"

	"I have no idea.  But I doubt it."  He looked at her, "You don't seem
upset."

	"I'm not."  She leaned forward and kissed his lips.  "Ken, I'm your
slave.  And we're connect in a different way that I'm not sure I can define.  I
know that we just started this relationship, but I'm certain that I know exactly
how you feel about me."  She paused, blushing.  "I hope I'm right, because I
know exactly how I feel about you."

	Ken stroked her face, marveling at how beautiful she was.  He could feel
her emotions, lust, desire, sexual frustration and, to his great happiness,
love.

	"Well, I'd say we're on the same page," he said.  It should have felt
awkward, these deep feelings they were hinting at, but it didn't.  There were
some advantages to knowing how someone felt, that was for sure.

	He continued to tell Jane about the bike.  She was excited and wanted to
see it, so they went out to the shed.  She oo'd and ah'd over it and began
describing all the things he'd be able to do with it, which was when he realized
that she was a mountain biker.

	"Oh," she blinked surprised.  "I thought you knew.  I love to ride."

	"Well, Sandy's running one on Sunday.  We could go, if you wanted."

	"Really?" she said.

	"Of course," he replied, " as long as you don't make fun of me."

	"You could always spank me if I do."

	"Oh, yeah," he replied in a dry tone of voice, "Now there's a real
punishment.  Do you think you'll be able to keep you hand's off of Sandy?  She
was hot to trot for a threesome."

	"Would I have to?"

	He paused for a second, pretending to think.  "Hmmm lemee see.  Nope."

	They decided to drive over to her place and get her bike, since it
wasn't very late.  Still, with all the activity they'd had during the day, it
turned into an early to bed evening.  She was still horny and ended up playing
with his cock after they were in bed.  One thing led to another and she ended up
giving him a blow job.  He was going to actually give her an orgasm as well,
realizing that he hadn't spent nearly enough time with his lips on her sex, but
something told him not to.  As he lay there recovering, he thought of something.

	"For someone who's so submissive, you came on pretty strong the other
night," he commented.

	"What, when I asked you out for dinner?"

	"Yeah," he replied.

	"Well," she said curling into his side, "sometimes I'm aggressively
submissive.  Besides, after the dream we shared, I thought my actions were
pretty mild."
      	
	"Yes, it was a very wild dream," he smiled.

	"Hmmm," she said muzzy voice, "sweet dreams."

	And with that, she was fast asleep.

End Part 7




Avatar
Part 8

          Ken lay there listening to Jane's breathing.  He could tell that, even
in sleep, she was still feeling the effects of the sexual frustration he'd
inflicted.  She seemed very content in her suffering, though.  Eventually, he
too fell asleep.
     
          When Ken opened his eyes, he was somewhat disorientated.  That only
lasted until he saw Lea.
     
          "Greetings Kenneth.  Are you ready to induct your High Priestess
tonight?"
     
          As always, the effect she had on him was amazing.  No matter how sated
he was, she would always be able to arouse him.
     
          "Is that what we're doing?" he asked.  "Are we sure that's what she
wants?"
     
         "I believe so.  But you can be sure that we will find out if that is
what she wants.  Like you, she will be bound to me.  She will not have the same
amount of power that you will eventually have.  But as High Priestess, she will
still be formidable.  As a committed submissive it will be very interesting for
her."
     
          "I don't think that she's going to be in any condition to make that
sort of a decision tonight," said Ken.
     
          Lea smiled and replied, "Yes, you left her in quite a state.  You are
a very good Master for her.  You don't mind if we relieve her tensions so that
she can think clearly, do you?"
     
          "Nope," grinned Ken.  "I think that would be fantastic.  It was her
choice to suffer, after all."
     
          "And it will be ours to relieve her of it."
     
          There was a shifting and Ken saw Jane appear in a previously unlit
corner of the room.  She was awake, but no doubt thought she was dreaming.
     
          Jane was hanging from her wrists from a chain in the ceiling.  Her
ankles were spread wide by a heavy bar and there was a very tight belt cinching
her waist.  She was wearing hood with holes open for her eyes and a strap that
held a large dildo gag in her mouth.  It was seated deeply enough that she was
almost gagging on it.  Her shoulders already ached from the strain, as did her
wrists.
     
          Ken was connected to her in a way that allowed him to ride along with
what she was feeling.  He knew that in real life, she couldn't be kept in this
position very long.  She had too much muscle mass and her weight would damage
her wrists.  Here though, she could experience the pain and the pleasure it
brought her, and suffer no damage.  Lea stepped into Ken's line of vision and he
blinked. 
     
          The simple green and gold dress she'd been wearing when he arrived had
changed.  Now she was wearing black leather boots which ended just above her
knees and had very high heels,.  She had on a corset made of black and green
leather that cinched her already narrow waist but ended above her naked sex and
came to just under her full breasts.  Ken, always sexually on edge in her
presence, immediately sprang erect.
     
          "In the future," said Lea as she walked toward Jane, "we will be more
elaborate with our play.  But this your slave has already suffered quite a bit
this evening, haven't you slave?"
     
          Jane showed she could hear by nodding her head.  Ken got the
impression that she was agreeing that she'd suffered, but that it was up to them
to decide if it had been enough.  Her eyes were wide and sweat was forming on
her body.  Her bare pussy lips were swollen with desire and literally starting
to drip.  Lea knelt in front of the woman and ran her hand over Jane's sex.  Her
whole body jerked, almost as if she'd been shocked and her strangled moan was
heard even through the heavy gag.
     
          "Jane," spoke Lea, "you know we love you, right?"
     
          Jane nodded her head, panting heavily through her nose.  Lea continued
to stroke Jane's body as she got to her feet and walked around her, cupping the
firm breasts and forcefully squeezing her extended nipples.  Jane squirmed and
moaned and Ken knew that Lea was somehow directly stimulating the woman's
nerves, causing them to send conflicting information to her brain.  Pain and
pleasure followed where ever the Goddess touched and it was unbelievably
intense.  Lea tightened the belt around Jane's middle a bit more, constricting
her breathing even further.  This made her dizzy, but Ken knew that she wouldn't
pass out.  Lea wouldn't allow it.  He breathed deeply, inhaling the scents of
both women.  It was completely intoxicating.
     
          When she walked in front of Jane, Lea had a cat-o-nine tails in her
hand.  The ends were knotted and the strands had been oiled.
     
          "Kenneth, why don't you join me?  You can use that over there."
     
          'That', turned out to be another cat, oiled and knotted just like
hers.  Ken smiled and Jane shuddered and closed her eyes.
     
          Smack!
     
          "Jane love, don't close your eyes," purred Lea's voice.
     
          Jane opened her eyes just in time to see the ends of the cat in Ken's
hand snap against her inner thigh.  Pain flooded her senses followed by even
more as Lea's whip snapped against her ass.  They worked on her for a while. 
She actually started to bleed in spots, but Ken wasn't worried.  Nothing could
really hurt Jane here.
     
          Finally they settled on a rhythm.  Ken would strike her hairless cunt
while Lea hit her back.  Then her breasts would feel his lash as Lea slapped her
whip up between Jane's legs, forcing the hard knots against her soft, spread
sex.  Ken's whip would curve around her hip, marking her ass while Lea snapped
her whip around causing the knots to sink deep into Jane's tits.  They built her
up until she was almost incoherent with lust, then stopped.  She still had not
cum.
     
          Lea walked in front and knelt down to take Ken's cock in her mouth. 
He was totally aroused by the sights and scents surrounding him.  Especially by
the sight of Jane writhing in ecstasy from the duel kiss of the whips.
     
          "Time for you to cum for me," Lea said, then sunk his cock to the root
into her throat.  It took her very little time to make him cum.  The energy he'd
been storing flooded into her body and he felt relief and pleasure from that as
well as the sperm she happily sucked down.
     
          "Shall we have our toy serve us?" asked Lea.
     
          "Sure," said Ken and Jane appeared in front of him.  Now a tray was
attached to her waist, the rear  hooked to the cincher and the front held up by
lines attached to her nipple bars.  Two inch wide bands of leather constricted
the base of each large breast, keeping them from sagging under the weight of the
tray, which was painfully pulling on her nipples.  Jane was wearing high heels
that forced her almost on tip toes and had a belt pulled tightly through her
crotch.  Ken knew that the belt itself had sharp studs which pressed into her
tender flesh (the whip marks were still very evident on her body and he knew her
cunt was on fire) and it was holding two very thick dildos deep inside her.  Her
arms were behind her in a binder, elbows forced together and encased in soft
leather.  She also had a ring gag in her mouth, rather than the penis gag.
     
          "Come," said Lea, "Let us sit and discuss things before we see to the
slave."
     
          They walked over to a set of couches and sat down.

          "Come here slave, and serve us," said Lea.  "Don't spill anything or
you'll be punished by receiving no orgasm this night."
     
          Ken could feel Jane's dismay as two wine glasses and a heavy wine
bottle appeared on the tray.  She had to lean slightly back to keep everything
level and the extra weight tugged on her nipples even more.  The glasses were
filled to the brim and while she had been in very high heels before, this
situation was a bit different.  After the things that Ken had done to her
earlier and the whipping she'd just endured - not to mention her current
predicament, she was in agony with the need to cum.  Slowly, she began to make
the journey toward her Master and Mistress.

          Ken was proud that she was able to present the tray to them with out
having spilled a drop.  Her body was streaked with sweat and he knew it stung
the welts and cuts she'd suffered when they whipped her.  Lea idly played with
his cock as they sat on the couch and sipped the refreshing drinks.  She
produced a small flicker whip and played it over Jane as while they talked.
     
          "There are some things that I need to speak to you about, Kenneth,"
she said.  Jane winced as a particularly accurate shot snapped against her
stretched, right nipple.  "I believe it's best to let you discover for yourself
many things about your new life.  But not everything."  Another flick of the
whip caught Jane right on the bottom of a taut, swollen breast.  She let out a
deep moan, not understanding why she hadn't just cum.  She was beyond the point
of being able to control herself.  Ken knew it was because Lea was blocking the
orgasm.
     
          "The energy that you absorb can be used in many ways and I will be
able to leave you more of it, as you begin to collect a greater amount.  Over
time, our bond will strengthen and you won't need to be in such close physical
contact with me for the transfer."
     
          Ken was a little disappointed with that, since being with Lea was
literally the most amazing thing he'd ever experienced.
     
          "Don't worry," she said, "As you grow in power the amount of time we
spend with each other will increase, not decrease."

          "I'm glad to hear that," said Ken relieved.
     
          She cupped his chin and gave him a breath stealing kiss.  Jane moaned
just from watching it.
     
          "I've been allowing the energy to build in your body so that you can
get used to feeling it and so that your capacity to carry it will increase.  The
energy can be used in many ways, so don't be afraid to experiment."
     
          Ken had a thought, "Is all the energy that you need going to come from
what I give you?"
     
          "No exactly," she replied.  Another flick of the whip, this one
snapping right at the base of Jane's ass caused the woman to groan.  She was
going absolutely nuts.  "You and Jane, if she accepts, will begin the process of
creating it.  But over time, the more people that you contact, and keep in
contact with, the greater the energy flow.  The more people that decide to
dedicate themselves to me, the more powerful I will become.  Incidentally, your
power will also grow.  For now, you and Jane will be the only ones directly
dedicated to me.  Anyone else you bring to my service, will be able to leave,
should they so desire.  They will not be bound to me permanently."
     
          Ken frowned, "So you're asking me to start a church?"
     
          Lea smiled and said, "In this time, the word Church has a very
different meaning than it used to.  I require people to enjoy sex, lust, desire
and love.  I do not require them to worship me.  There will be no statues or
pictures of me.  Ever.  That is not my way."  She paused for a moment.  "My
people lost something, I think, when they forgot that it's the energy that's
important and not the power.   I do not desire control, only the energy of life
and only that which is in excess of what you generate."

        	For some reason, Ken thought about Beth (the girl in the park
who stripped).  It wasn't like he'd been sucking the energy out of her, more
like he'd been absorbing the excess energy that she was giving off.  That made
him feel better since he didn't want to consider himself some kind of vampire.

    	"I still don't understand," said Ken, who was finding it difficult to
concentrate while watching Lea play the stinging end of the whip over Jane's
body, "how you want me to set this up."

    	"That will be up to you," she replied, smiling and Jane closed her eyes
and moaned after a particularly accurate strike on a nipple.  "The more people
who you come into contact with on a frequent basis, the more energy will be
collected.  If you have people who wish to dedicate themselves to my service,
then the effect spreads and I can glean some energy from them.  Most people will
dedicate themselves to my service, or, if you prefer, religion, through you and
Jane.  They will transmit most of their power through you."

    	Ken could see what she was talking about.  Multi-layered tiers of people
who enjoyed sexual pleasure.  The more casual ones collected some energy, and
passed it on up the chain and it eventually would get to Lea through him and
Jane.  Lea could skim a bit directly from them, but he guessed that it wouldn't
be as easy that way.  If there were enough people, that could add up to a lot of
energy.

    	She smiled, her eyes still on the squirming form of Jane and said, "Now
you begin to understand.  Before we see to your slave, there are just a few
other things I should tell you.  First, you are now completely immune to
disease.  Any disease.  Jane will be as well, should she decide to be my High
Priestess.  You, however, can heal others  - or yourself, with the energy that I
leave you.  Jane will be able to do so as well, but in a much more limited
fashion.  All those who dedicate themselves to my service, will be immune to any
sexually transmitted disease and will be able to control conception."

    	Ken was surprised.  It never occurred to him that he'd have any
abilities beyond creating fantasies and reading someone's sexual past.

    	"I think perhaps your slave has suffered enough for now, yes?"  said
Lea.  "Let us indulge ourselves with her."

    	Indulge they did.  Jane's current bindings disappeared to be replaced by
leather straps above and below her breasts that forced her wrists to be crossed
between her shoulder blades where they tied by rough hemp.  It was a very
difficult position to be tied in.  The crotch strap and plugs were gone, leaving
her fragrant and sopping sex accessible to Ken and Lea.  The base of each breast
was now bound with thin, rough hemp, forcing the heavy orbs to thrust out from
her chest, hard and sensitive.  Each nipple had a metal decoration attached
behind the bar that stretched them amazingly far from each breast.  Ken could
feel all the stresses she was subject to and their effect on her.  She was in
subspace,  but in a different way than she'd ever experienced.  Each sensation
was excruciatingly magnified and her body screamed for an orgasm.  Lea, however,
was still blocking it and Jane was in the kind of torment she'd only imagined in
her wildest fantasies.

    	Lea continued to play with Ken's hard cock while using the whip on Jane. 
Since she couldn't use her hands for balance, there was rope attached to the
straps binding her arms that rose to the ceiling and held Jane's upper body at
the right height.  The whip curled around her ass and snapped between Jane's
legs, and she thrust forward, right between Lea's wide spread legs.   Jane liked
what she found in the sparse red fur and began licking Lea's sex.
   
    	It was difficult for her, and somewhat humiliating as well.  With the
ring gag in her mouth and her hands bound, she could only use her tongue to
pleasure Lea.  Her face was soon covered with Lea's juices and her own saliva as
she moved her body in time with the whipping she was receiving.  Each time it
fell, she pushed her tongue into the wet cunt in her face.  When she wasn't
doing that, she licked the protruding clit, causing Lea to shudder in pleasure.
   
    	When it became clear the Lea was going to cum, Ken positioned himself
behind Jane.  He grabbed onto her red streaked hips and slid home in one thrust. 
Just because they were in Lea's realm, didn't mean that Jane's body had changed
and she shrieked as his thick cock painfully spread her lips.  Lea grabbed
Jane's head and held it to her cunt, literally fucking her mouth while Ken
forceful slammed into her from behind.  He was spanking her red, welted ass and
Lea was flicking the whip to hit the sides of her breasts.  Jane started cuming
followed almost immediately by Ken, due to the extremely forceful contractions
in her pussy.
   
    	It was the longest orgasm that Ken had ever experienced and Jane was
cuming continuously - now trying to swallow Lea's copious discharge as she
orgasmed.  This was certainly one of the most memorable experiences he'd ever
had - his pleasure extending far beyond what he'd come to associated with
orgasm.  Jane's orgasm was so intense that she actually passed out, despite the
fiddling that Ken thought Lea was doing with her brain.  She could take only so
much pleasure.
 
    	Jane now hung limply from her bonds and Lea had a very satisfied smile
on her face.  When Ken pulled out of Jane, their juices flowed from her small
cunt and ran down her legs.  The next time he blinked, she was lying curled on
the floor.  He stood and Lea leaned forward, licking and sucking the cum off his
cock.  He started to rise again, much to his surprise.
   
    	"Hmmm, perhaps another change of venue, yes?"
   
    	The scene flipped and Ken found that they were now on a river bank.  It
was a beautiful day, warm and sunny, and they were standing on a large blanket. 
There was a small stream - just the perfect size for wading with lots of rocks
to bake on, just beyond a small spot of white sand.  Huge trees arched over the
blanket where Jane still lay in exhausted sleep.
   
    	"Bring her to the water," said Lea.
   
    	Ken picked her up, finding her lighter than he would have expected, and
cradled her in his arms.  They waded into the water, which was the perfect
temperature and he put Jane down in the path of a mini waterfall, still with his
arms around her.  She awoke to two sets of hands gently bathing the sweat, cum
and blood from her body.
   
    	"Oh, Master, is this a dream?" she said looking at him.  Then she looked
at Lea.  "Oh." she said, then bowed her head.  "Mistress."
   
    	Lea smiled and pulled Jane's head up, then kissed her.  Ken watched as
Jane's nipples came erect and she melted into the kiss.  He smiled.  He knew
what kissing Lea was like.
   
    	"You don't need to lower your eyes for me.  I don't require bowing and
scraping.  Your service to me is much more personal, and, so far, has been very
pleasing,"
   
    	There were tears in Jane's eyes as the rose to meet Lea's.  "Thank you
Mistress," she said, "thank you for the most incredible experience in my life."
   
    	"You are very welcome," said Lea.  They all shifted so that they were
now sitting on the warm rocks while their feet rested on the smooth, sandy
bottom of the stream.  They sat in silence for a while as Ken massaged Jane's
neck and shoulders and Lea ran a comb through Jane's thick hair. 
   
    	Finally they left the stream and moved to the blanket.  They laid Jane
between them and gently raised her passions.  Soon, she was moaning as Ken
stroked in and out of her and Lea licked her clit and tweaked her nipples.  They
brought her to several gut wrenching climaxes, then Ken came.  Lea took him into
her mouth, cleaning him, her damp red hair covering them both.  Jane just leaned
up on her elbows and watched.  Lea finished, then got between Jane's legs and
pushed them wide and back.  She sucked the cum from Jane's body, then shared it
with a kiss, causing Jane to cum yet again.  Finally, they stood, hugging.
   
    	When they separated, Lea took Jane's hands in hers and said, "Now, Jane,
do you wish to serve me further?  Do you wish to be my High Priestess?"
   
    	Jane's breath caught as she sobbed.  She quickly knelt at Lea's feet,
and said "With all my heart!"
   
      	"Do you understand that there is no going back?  You will be bound to me
for life.   And you will serve my Avatar as you will serve me.  You will not be
able to marry without our blessing and to leave my service is to choose death."
     
     	Jane let go of the Goddess' hands and bowed completely at her feet.  Ken
could feel happiness and completeness radiating from her.  "Mistress, I will
serve you and Master with my life.  I will dedicate myself to your service
gladly and with joy."
    
     	"Rise my love," said Lea as she took the woman into her arms.  "I will
accept you with joy as well.  Kenneth?"
    
     	Ken had been standing there in awe of the feelings that watching Lea had
generated in himself.  Had it been like this when he had become Her avatar? 
When Lea said his name, he knew he was expected to accept Jane as well.  He
stepped toward the embracing woman, words failing him.  They opened their arms
to hug him and as he kissed Jane's cheek, he whispered, "Oh yes, my love.  I
accept you."
    
     	They kissed and, as had happened before, the light brightened.  This
time though it seemed even more intense and the next time he opened his eyes,
they were back in his bedroom.  The clock said ten thirty, and since it was
light out, Ken assumed that it was still Saturday morning.
    
     	Jane lay there on her stomach in her naked glory, her dark hair spread
over her back and her pillow.  Ken got out of bed and just looked at her.  She
was so beautiful, she almost seemed to glow. 
    
       	He left the room and closing the door behind him and used the bathroom. 
He was ravishingly hungry and grabbed a bowl of cereal, which turned into two
bowls.  He felt really, really good and sat back in the kitchen with a satisfied
smile.  After last night, he knew that he needed a bigger place.  There was
little doubt that Jane would be moving in with him.  They'd discuss it, to be
sure, but he was confident that after last night, it was a foregone conclusion.
     
      	He took a shower and puttered around until noon, when Jane made an
appearance.  He was sitting in the lounge chair watching the news in his boxers. 
It seemed like he'd just not been paying attention to the world at all these
last few years and he was appalled at some of what he was hearing.  Had everyone
gone crazy? 
     
      	Still, it was hard to concentrate on that when Jane slid into his lap
and sprawled on him, boneless as a cat.
     
      	"'Morning love," he said.
     
     	"Good Morning Master," she replied, squirming on his lap.  The movement
of her firm ass did not go unnoticed by his cock.
     
      	"Hungry?" he asked.
     
      	"Starving," she said.  Jane leaned away from him a bit and said, "Would
you like me to make us something?"
     
      	"We could do that.  Or we could hit IHOP."
     
      	"Mmmmm, syrup.  Honey.  Yum.  Shall I get dressed?"
     
      	His cock was a rock hard from the sensuous little noises she made and
the visions her slightly husky voice evoked.  She stood up and looked down at
his erection.
     
      	"Probably a good idea, otherwise who knows how long it'll be before I'm
finished ravaging you," he said.
     
      	She dropped to her knees,  "Sir, I am yours to use however and whenever
you wish."
     
      	He smiled as he stood up and said, "My lovely slave, it is my wish that
you not expire from hunger.  So why don't you get ready to go?"
     
      	"Yes Master," she said getting to her feet.  Ken marveled at the fluid
motions of her nude body.  She was so beautiful.

      	They played a bit of grab ass while getting dressed in the confines of
his bedroom.  While she was brushing her hair he admired how her long legs
looked in the short skirt she was wearing.  The halter top her framed her large
breasts very nicely.  Then he looked at her hands.
     
      	"What?" she said.
     
      	"Nice ring," he commented.
     
      	"Ring?  What ring?"
     
      	"The one on your right forefinger," he replied.
     
      	"Oh my God!" she exclaimed.  There was a ring, a smaller version of the
one he had, on her finger.  As he had discovered, it looked like the metal was
red - but really wasn't.  The white metal was laced with patters of red the same
color as Lea's hair.  The stone was the same deep, clear green as her eyes.

	"Goddess, I'd say," said Ken.
     
      	"It's so beautiful," she said, almost in a whisper.  Tears formed in her
eyes as she looked up at him.  Ken hugged her and she whispered, "I wasn't sure
it was all real.  I couldn't imagine any experience being that beautiful, that
intense, being real.  But it was, wasn't it?"
     
      	"Yes.  You are now the High Priestess of a Goddess."
     
     	She hugged him even tighter, then they separated.  "Well," she said, "I
might be a High Priestess, but I'm really starving."
    
     	Ken could take a hint, so off they went.  Jane refused to let go of his
hand as they drove.  Her eyes sparkled and she looked like the happiest woman on
the planet.   Ken was feeling pretty darn good himself.
    
     	They drove to the IHOP and parked.  Ken looked at Jane and mentioned
that she shouldn't be wearing underwear.  Jane just smiled and squirmed out of
it, top and bottom, and slid her low heeled sandals on.  They went inside and it
wasn't long before they were seated and their waitress came to take their order. 
    
     	"Can I take your..."
    
     	They both looked up as the girl's voice trailed off.
    
     	"Um.  Hi.  Um, can I take your order?"
     
      	"Well hello Ally," Jane purred.
     
      	Ally turned beat red and her nipples popped.  Her face flushed and sweat
appeared on her upper lip.
     
      	"Jane dear," said Ken.  "Pull back a bit."
     
      	Ken was having some trouble himself.  Ally was surprised to see them,
but when Jane focused her attention on her it felt like something had released a
flood of lust through her small body.  Ken could feel it, and he knew that he
was adding to it as well.  Right at this moment, there was nothing Ally'd rather
be doing than serving them.  In bed, on the floor, anywhere they'd take her, as
long as they took her.

    	Ken focused on the girl and was flooded with info.  Right now she was
imagining what it would be like to have Ken and Lea peeing in her mouth.  Ally
was into water sports in a big way and ever since she'd met them the other
night, she'd fantasized about being their slave.  She wanted to show her
devotion any way they'd let her.  She could almost feel Ken's cock plowing her
ass while she serviced Jane.  She couldn't imagine anything more intimate, more
subservient than drinking their urine, preferably while she was tied up. 
Hmmm.... nipple clamps would be nice too.  She was soaked right now, completely
soaked and she was wondering what it was about these two that was causing this.

      	Ken refocused and got Jane's attention.  Ally recovered and asked again
for their order.
     
      	Jane ordered a ton of food, and Ken found that he was still pretty
hungry and also ordered a fair amount of food.  Ally left to turn in their
order.
     
      	Jane's eyes were blazing.  "Goddess I want her," she said.  "I keep
seeing myself on my knees, licking her from behind while you fuck her."
     
      	Ken chuckled.  "Well, we could see if she's into it, you know.  Although
since you're both submissive, I wonder how that's going to work.'
     
      	"I'm sure you'll figure something out, Master," smirked Jane.
     
      	"Not really the point," he replied.  "You are a High Priestess now.  I'm
not sure how that's going to work with you being so submissive."
     
      	Jane sat back with a small frown on her face.  "That's something I
hadn't thought of.  My service to you and the Goddess comes first, so I guess
I'll figure something out."
     
      	Ally returned with their food not too much later.  Just being around
them made her knees weak and she really was wondering what to do.  They were
older than her, and would probably freak if they knew what she wanted them to do
to her.  Never mind that her mother wouldn't be too happy either - the stupid
bitch, if she didn't come home tonight.  She kept control of herself until after
they'd had some coffee and it was almost time for the check.
     
Small bits of conversation had ensued while Jane and Ken ate.  They found out
she was a first year student at a local collage and was working 2 jobs to help
pay the tuition.   Ally, Jane and Ken discovered, was a very bright girl. 
     
      	"Is there anything else you'd like?" she asked.  Just maintaining a
professional tone was difficult.  Her crotch was soaked and her nipples were
sore from being hard so long.  She was leaning a bit on the table as she spoke -
not too hard considering that she was only 4'11" tall.
     
      	Jane looked at Ken and he nodded.  "As a matter of fact," she said
running one fingernail down Ally's bare arm, "there is something else we'd
like."
     
      	Ally almost lost it.  She began trembling, sweating and finding it hard
to catch her breath.
     
      	"Y..yes ma'am?"
     
      	"You."
     
      	Ally closed her eyes and shuddered.  Ken, working hard to keep from
being into the vortex of lust that Jane and Ally were creating, was able to
watch and observe.  The girl was shaking like she was close to cuming.  He could
smell her musk and her sweat and they were both sweet.
     
      	"Yes," breathed the girl.  With an effort she opened her eyes and looked
at Jane.  "Whatever you want."
     
      	"Good," purred the older woman.  "Are you free tonight?"
     
     	"After," she paused to swallow, "After three today, I'm yours."
     
      	"Yes, you will be," said Jane, her eyes almost glowing.  "Here is my
cell phone number.  Call us when you are finished here."
     
      	"Yes, mis... ma'am," said Ally.  Jane and Ken both noticed the slip.
     
      	"Plan to spend the night," said Ken.
     
      	"Yes Sir, I will."

	Jane put her hand under her own skirt, then motioned the girl closer. 
When her hand came up, one finger was coated with her musky lubricant.  Jane
wiped her finger under Ally's nose, smearing her cunt juice over the girl's lip.

	"Just a little something to keep you thinking of us."  Jane said.  "Oh,
and Ally, I don't think you should have any orgasms until tonight."

	Ally literally couldn't speak.  She just nodded and Jane motioned her
back to her work. They paid - leaving a serious tip, and left.
     
      	"You know," said Ken, "Lea said I should get a bigger house.  I think
she was right."
     
      	"We should talk about it today.  Why don't we spring for a nice hotel
room tonight?  Something with a large bed, maybe a hot tub and great room
service.  I'm sure we have enough toys between us to entertain our guest,"
replied Jane.
     
      	"Now that," he replied as they drove off, "sounds like a plan."
     
End part 8.




Avatar
Part 9


          They drove to Ken's house so to get a phone book.  Ken hit the
internet to see what could be found online while Jane made some calls.  In a
half hour they'd booked a room for that evening that had a huge, king-sized bed,
a hot tub and all around luxury accommodations.  It cost some money, a bit over
$500, when all was said and done, but considering it was a Saturday, they'd been
lucky to find anything at all.
     
          Since they were splitting the cost between them it wasn't too bad. 
Both of them made good money, and Ken, even though he'd put a lot put away for
retirement, had built up a bit over twenty thousand - not counting investments. 
So his spending spree over the last two days wasn't a problem, but it also
wasn't something he could do every day.
     
          After putting together a small cooler of snacks and drinks, they got
back in his car and headed out to the beach.  Since Jane was so accessible, she
spread her legs for him and he fingered her wet sex as they drove through the
canyons toward the beach.  Ken could tell she loved the teasing touch he
employed, pushing her here and there, but never letting her get near orgasm. 
Often, when his fingers got too wet, he'd put them in her mouth for her to
clean.  They spoke very little until they finally got to one of the beaches. 
     
          It was one of the smaller ones and there were few people there.  Ken
looked around and they headed toward a nice secluded spot in the rocks where it
would be hard to see them, but they could see others.
     
          "Remove your clothes," he said to Jane.  She looked around a bit
nervously, then pulled off her top and skirt, folding them neatly and putting
them on a rock.  Ken was horny, again, and wanted to take his lovely slave right
here and right now.
     
          He unbuttoned his shorts and pulled out his hard cock.  He positioned
Jane on a rock and slid inside her wet pussy.
     
          "If you make too much noise," he said with a mischievous smile, "it'll
echo and people will hear you."
     
          She grunted a bit as he forcefully pushed into her.  The rock was hot
on her back and ass and his cock was stretching her wide.  When he grabbed her
nipple bars and pulled, she almost came.
     
          "Master, please may your slave cum?"
     
          "Not until I do," he replied.  That turned out to be a while and Jane
was moaning with need when he finally spewed into her hot tunnel.  She shuddered
and came, the powerful muscles milking his cock.
     
          When they finished, she got on her knees to lick him clean.  Her own
thighs were wet with their cum, but the tightness of her cunt kept a lot of it
inside. 
     
          When she finished licking him, she said, "Master, I have a request."
     
          "Oh?  What would you like?"
     
          "Well, we both know that Ally is really into water sports.  I assume
that there will be some of that kind of play tonight.  I know she really wants
it."
     
          "And?"
     
          "Sir, I know that I'm a greedy slave, but you'd said you'd never done
that before and I," she paused and blushed, "I would like to be your first."

    	She looked at the ground, clearly embarrassed by this.  Ken wasn't
embarrassed, especially since both Jane and Ally clearly considered water sports
to be extremely submissive.  He had no problem with that.

   	"Open your mouth," he said in a firm voice.

    	Jane looked up, slightly startled from the change in his tone.

    	"If you don't open your mouth now, you'll have to ride back in the
trunk, or dunk yourself in the ocean."

    	Jane immediately opened her mouth and leaned forward a bit to take the
end of his cock in her mouth.    He slowly released his bladder and she eagerly
gulped down all he had to offer.  Her gentle sucking combined with the heat of
his piss as it filled her mouth was a very strange feeling and, dominance aside,
very sensuous and intimate.  Connected as he was to her emotions, he knew that
she was almost high on arousal and very close to sub-space.

    	By the time he finished, the warmth of her mouth had made him hard, and
he began fucking it.  She groaned and slid a finger between her own legs and
once again, since he needed her somewhat clearheaded, he allowed her an orgasm
when he had one.

    	"Thank you Master, you are so good to me!" she smiled looking up at him.

Ken wasn't sure that pissing in her mouth, then fucking her throat could
constitute being good to her, but he knew that Jane got off on this in a big
way.  Context is everything, he mused.  Ken allowed her to dress when they
finished, and, still seated, they began to talk.

      	"So," he began, "Lea mentioned that I need a bigger house.  I'm
beginning to think she's right."
     
     	Jane said nothing and sat looking at him with a slight smile on her
face.  Ken was unaccountably nervous.  He knew that he wanted Jane to live with
him but even after all they'd been through, he was shy about asking her.  He
didn't just want to assume - despite the roles she played in his life - that she
was OK with it.
     
      	"What do you think?" he asked.
    
      	"I think," she said with a bigger smile, "that you are very cute."
     
      	"What?" he blinked in surprise.
     
      	"This connection we have works both ways, you know.  I know what you're
feeling, just like you know what I'm feeling."
     
      	Now it was his turn to blush.  He knew that as High Priestess, she would
be able to read sexual feelings, but it didn't occur to him that she could read
other emotions.  When he concentrated just a bit, he realized that he knew how
she was feeling as well.  Amused.  Happy.  Horny.  She would love to have his
big cock...now STOP that, he admonished himself.  Jane was openly grinning now.
     
      	"Does that mean you would consider moving in with me?" he asked.
     
      	"Yes Master," she sighed in a way that indicated she thought men could
be really dense at times.  Most times, in fact.
     
      	"Oh." Ken said.  He was at a loss, for some reason.  The thought of
having Jane move in was scary, but the thought of not having her be with him was
terrifying.  They were too new to their roles as Avatar and High Priestess to
fully understand just how intertwined their lives were now.
     
      	"Master," she said as she slid to her knees at his feet, "I couldn't
even think about my life without you in it."
     
      	A kiss was the only appropriate response he could think of.  When they
broke the kiss, and she was back sitting next to him, he spoke.
     
      	"I have some money saved up, and if I sell my place, we'll have more for
the down payment.  Houses around here are expensive and if we want something
that's a decent size, and I think we'll need one, then it's gonna cost."
     
      	They hashed out some of the basic requirements for a house.  Jane told
Ken she also had some money saved, but she didn't live in a house, just an
apartment.  They both wanted a place that had a small amount of land - something
that came as a premium around here.  Also, they knew they'd need some privacy. 
A minimum of four bedrooms would be required, since they wanted a guest room and
they'd want to convert one room to a play room (read dungeon).  A master bedroom
with a deck off the back - was high on the list as was a large living/dining
room area
     
      	Even with their combined income - just over a hundred and fifty thousand
dollars, and thirty thousand down, it might be a problem.
     
      	Looking at the time, Ken saw that they should go.  They walked back to
the car discussing what toys they should bring for their evening.  Jane didn't
think Ally was into being whipped, but had picked up that she liked being
spanked.  She also liked being  restrained while someone peed on her.  Ken
mentioned the nipple clamps and they added those, and several other toys to the
list.  He sensed that Jane was a little sad and wondered why. 
     
      	"It's nothing, Master." she said as they got in the car.
     
      	"Jane dear, you should tell me if there is something wrong."
     
      	"It's a slave's duty to obey and please her Mistress or Master.  There's
nothing wrong."
     
      	"OK.  If it's your duty to obey, then I'd like you to tell me what's
wrong."
     
      	She was silent for a moment, then said, "Well, it's just that I've found
such a wonderful Master, and now I wonder if I'm going to spend any time being a
slave."
     
      	Ken laughed and took her hand in his and kissed it.  "My dear woman, you
will spend as much time being used as a slave as I can thrust on you.  Just
because we have Ally to play with tonight, doesn't mean you'll completely escape
my attentions."
     
      	"But you said as High Priestess..."
     
      	"I said," he interrupted, "that sometimes your submissive side might be
a little conflicted.  I fully expect you to serve me as my slave.  After the way
she treated you, I suspect that Lea feels the same way.  Besides, it's not like
Ally is going to know you're a High Priestess.  I mean, after all, how do you
tell someone something like that?  'Oh gee, did I mention that I'm the High
Priestess of a sex Goddess?'  Hell, look how much trouble I had telling you what
was going on, and I didn't even tell you that I was an Avatar."
     
      	Ken could feel her mood lighten as she replied, "You're right, of
course.  It's just that this is ... not something I've had any experience with."
     
      	"Oh, and I have?" he laughed.  "You should see my resume.  Avatar is
like the first entry on it.  Of course, I couldn't get a job doing that, so I
had to study something else."
     
      	They both laughed at that.
     
      	It was almost three when they arrived back at Ken's house.  After they
put together what they needed for the night, Ken was quite amused to see that
they had three large toy bags to the one rather medium bag that they used for
their clothes.  They packed the car and headed for the hotel.
     
      	Ally called while they were on their way.  Ken could only hear Jane's
side of the conversation.
     
      	"Hello?" she answered.
     
      	"Hi Ally," her voice had turned to a sensuous purr.  "Yes dear we are
still very interested in getting together tonight.  No, I don't think you need
to do that.  Just get what you'll need for tomorrow.  Noon?  I'm sure we can
release you in time for that.  No dear, I don't want you to do that.  No, you
won't be needing anything like that.  We'll order in.  Well, we're not actually
going to be at the house.  Ken and I decided to splurge a bit.  It's OK, it's
not something we do often, but we were in the mood."  She gave Ally the name of
the hotel, directions and the room number.  "Four is just fine dear," and she
hung up.
     
      	"Is our little victim looking forward to tonight?" asked Ken with an
overly lecherous grin.
     
      	"Oh my yes," said Jane.  "She wanted to go home and shower and get all
dressed up.  I told her not to bother.  After all, it's not like she'll be
wearing much of anything anyway.  I could tell she was nervous and really wanted
to shower and change.  I know that when my owners have denied me the freedom of
even cleaning myself, it made me feel incredibly submissive.  So I told her to
come as she was and she almost did - right over the phone."  Ken looked and Jane
and smiled.  She blushed and put her head down.
     
      	"What now?" he asked.
     
      	"Nothing Sir," she replied.  Ken was beginning to get the idea that
making Jane speak about her thoughts and feelings - especially the personal,
sexual ones that she might want to keep hidden, really turned her on.
     
      	"You blushed," he said.  "I'm willing to bet you were thinking of
something.  What was it."
     
      	Blushing an even deeper red, Jane said, "Sir, I don't know what it is,
but it seems like my sense of smell has gotten really good in this last day or
so.  I could smell her sweat and her pussy and it really, really turned me on. 
I..." she paused, "I didn't want her to shower, because I liked it.  And I want
to taste her pussy after she's been aroused all day."
     
      	Ken looked at his beautiful slave.  Her nipples were clearly evident
through her top and it was obvious her admission embarrassed her.  Ken didn't
know why.  He loved the scent of a woman when she got all worked up, and as long
as she kept herself clean, the stronger the better.  He'd also noticed his sense
of smell had gotten better as well, and he mentioned as much to Jane.
     
      	"So it isn't just me?" she asked.  "I wonder why that's happened."
      	
      	"Don't know," he replied, "I guess we'll have to ask Lea if she had
anything to do with it."
     
      	They began to discuss, sex aside, how they'd been feeling.  Jane hadn't
noticed any changes except for the olfactory thing, but Ken commented that he'd
felt really great these last few days.  Hell, even his scraped shin didn't hurt
too much and he had figured on bruises lasting there for a while. 
     
      	Looking down at his leg almost caused them to get into an accident.
     
      	"What the hell?" he said.
     
      	"What?" asked Jane.
     
      	"Look at my leg!  There's not a mark on it.  Nothing and yesterday I'd
scraped the shit out of it."
     
      	Jane glanced over and Ken kind of shifted.  Sure enough, there wasn't a
mark on him.
     
      	"Maybe the Goddess healed it last night?" commented Jane.
     
      	"Hrmph," he responded.  "I guess so."
     
      	Jane was silent for a moment.  "You know, there wasn't a mark on me this
morning either.  Not from what we did last night or from what the Goddess did."
     
      	Thinking back to the last time he'd seen her naked, Ken had to agree. 
Of course, seeing Jane's naked body usually made him think of other things -
like how to adorn it with rope, leather and whip marks.  Jane picked up on his
feelings and smiled with contentment. 
     
      	They arrived at the hotel and parked the car, then dragged their bags
into the lobby.  Of course, the porters were aghast that they had carried their
own bags and practically pulled them out of their hands to put them on a cart. 
If anyone wondered why they needed so many bags for a one night stay, they
didn't ask.
     
      	When Ken got into the room, he gave a tip - no doubt something less than
what the porter was used to, and looked around the room.

      	It was actually more of a suite and it was beautiful.  Spacious, light
and clean with a huge king-sized bed in one room and a very large TV, sink,
fridge and wet bar in the other.  Naturally, one of the first things Ken checked
out was the electronics and when he turned around, Jane had disappeared.  He
glanced around the bedroom and saw the bathroom light on. What a surprise.
     
      	"Wow," came her slightly echoing voice, "you gotta see this!
     
      	Ken had to admit it was very nice.  The shower stall was more than big
enough for two people and the bath/hot tub looked like it could easily hold
four.  Jane leaned over and turned on the tap so that the tub would start
filling.
     
      	"Little early for the hot tub, isn't it?" he asked.
     
      	Jane, studiously not looking at him said, "Cold tubs aren't as much
fun."
     
      	"Huh?"
     
      	Running her hands under the water and adjusting the temperature, she
replied, "Ally wants some pee play.  It's not something we can do on the bed,
and sitting or kneeling in a cold tub kinda takes away from the experience."
     
      	"I guess you've done this before," he said.
     
      	"Lot's" she replied.
     
      	Ken could tell Jane was still embarrassed about liking water sports. 
This struck him as odd since she wasn't embarrassed about being tied up and
whipped bloody while cuming like gangbusters.   He realized that being
embarrassed about it was part of the turn on for her and so didn't point out the
inconsistencies.
     
      	"Ally should be here soon," he said.  "Did you have anything in mind to
kick things off?"
     
      	"No Master.  I thought I'd leave that in your hands.  I mean, I'll be
happy to provide you with ideas, or point things out that could be fun, but I am
just a little slave girl.  Who would listen to me?"  She blinked her big, blue
eyes at him innocently.
     
      	Especially when I'm being bent over and fucked silly.  Ken blinked and
pulled back a bit.  If he didn't focus, it was very easy to slip into her sexual
thoughts.
     
      	"Well, my little slave girl, how about you removing your clothes? 
That'll make it much easier for me to just bend you over and use you?"     
     
            Jane looked startled as he echoed her thoughts.  Then she smiled and
pulled off her top, skirt and shoes, then knelt in front of him.
           
            "Your slave is ready for your use, Sir."
           
            "Why thank you dear," he said.  "Why don't we go take a look and see
what the main room has to offer in the realm of dungeon furniture.
           
            There was a couch and several chairs that they could put to use, and
they called up house keeping and asked for a number of extra towels.  Ken didn't
want to get stuck for any additional cleaning bills.  Jane, of course, answered
the door nude, much to the surprise of the maid.  She was a slightly frumpy, no
nonsense woman who studiously ignored Jane as she put the linens in the
bathroom, then left with out a comment.  Ken removed all his clothes, then
pulled on a pair of loose shorts.  Finally, there was a knock at the door.  He
walked over to a chair that they'd moved to face the door and sat down,
motioning Jane to open the door.  They knew it was Ally from the blast of sexual
energy being emitted.

    	Jane melodramatically stood behind the door as she opened it, so the
first thing Ally saw was Ken sitting on the chair.

    	"Enter," he said ceremoniously.
           
    	Rather timidly, Ally entered.  When she got far enough into the room,
Jane closed the door behind her.  Ally, as aroused as she was, was also very
nervous - which added to her excitement.  She spun when the door closed and she
was faced with Jane standing there naked.  She froze.

    	"Hi Ally," said Jane as she stepped toward the girl, "We're very glad
you could come."  She put her hand on Ally's shoulder and gently turned her so
they were both facing Ken.

    	"Yes, Ally, we're very happy you're here."  He paused.  The girl had the
classic deer in the headlights look.   Ken could see she was a little freaked
out.  After all, her experience in life really didn't cover being picked up by
two strangers, especially strangers as sexy as these two, and offering to serve
them as a slave for the night.  And she knew that that's what she'd offered them
- even if they didn't realize it themselves.  Ken was able to follow this line
of thought pretty well, much to his surprise.  He didn't think mind reading was
part of being and Avatar - perhaps he was wrong.
                       
        	After Jane turned the girl to face Ken and let her hand drift
down Ally's slightly damp back, she walked toward him.  Ally stared at the
beautiful nude woman - her eyes following Jane's movements as she walked over to
kneel at Ken's feet.
       
        	They both looked at Ally and smiled.  Ken reached out to find
out just what they were dealing with.
       
        	Ally was nervous - which he already knew.  She'd never felt like
this, ever, and she was almost overwhelmed with desire for these two people.  
She'd been in a state all day and it had been sweet torture not to be able to
masturbate - something she did at least once a day.  She hadn't this morning
because she'd been in too much of a rush to get out of the house and away from
her overbearing mother.  She knew she was going to catch hell for not coming
home tonight, but fuck it.  She wanted this. 
       
        	Ally had done a lot of reading about sex, and knew what she
wanted.  She loved water sports, but that had been a solo activity for her. 
What guy her age would understand?  The only time she'd had intercourse had been
less than satisfying, despite the fact that Tim had really wanted to make her
feel good.  She knew his cock was going to hurt - and it had - but he'd never
caught on that she liked rough nipple play - which would have increased her
enjoyment a lot.  Also, he hadn't been commanding enough and she couldn't tell
him what she wanted. 
       
        	Ken smiled inwardly.  He knew that he and Jane could make Ally
very happy.  Especially since they didn't have to guess about what she wanted. 
However, there was one thing that had to be addressed.  He knew the situation
far more thoroughly than Ally could realize, but Ally was nervous about more
than just what might happen.
       
        	"Ally," said Ken, "Jane and I are glad to have you here.  Before
we start our time together though, we want you to know that you can leave at any
time, and that if anything happens that you don't like and you want it to stop,
you only have to say the word."
       
        	Ally said nothing and just stared at the floor.       

      	"I'm only seventeen," she blurted out.  "I mean, I just turned seventeen
last month."
     
     	Ken grinned at her as she looked up. "Do you think we're too old for
you?" he asked.  "If you're here of your own free will, then your age doesn't
really concern us."
     
      	"Really?" she looked relieved.  "I just thought you might think I'm too
young."  She paused, "And... I'm not really all that experienced."  Her pale
skin was flushed very red.
     
      	"Ally, we believe that sexual activity should be determined by the
people involved.  That means all parties have to agree.  Which means that even
if you wanted to and we thought you were too young, it wouldn't happen."  He
paused, looking into the wide, pale green eyes of the girl.  "As for experience,
well, there's a first time for everyone.  Now, we'll be happy to discuss all
this with you, but is that really what you want right now?"
     
      	Ally shook her head.
     
      	"Jane," said Ken, "Why don't you make our guest more comfortable?"
     
      	"With pleasure, Master."
     
      	A surprised look appeared on Ally's face as the nude woman rose
gracefully to her feet.
     
      	"Master?"  she repeated.
     
      	"Yes, Ally," said Jane as she relieved the teen of her oversized purse,
"he is my Master.  I'm a slave."
     
      	"Oh, my," said Ally in a weak voice.  She was just standing there with
her now empty hands at her sides, at a loss for what to do.
     
      	"Do you like that idea?" asked Jane returning to the girl.  She bent to
untie the teen's sneakers and removed them, then pulled off the short white
socks Ally was wearing.  Jane stood and glided behind Ally, her hands gently
sliding over her body.  When she got behind her, she lightly nipped an earlobe,
causing Ally to gasp.  "Well, do you?"
     
      	"Yes," Ally whispered and Ken knew she was lost in the feeling of Jane
taking control of her.  He stood and walked over to her, his erection showing
through his shorts.  She was so beautiful, her pale face framed by her long,
dark red hair.  She still had a surprised look on her face and was breathing
slightly hard. 
     
       	He took her face in his hands and kissed her and her lips parted eagerly
as she moaned.  Jane, meanwhile was unbuttoning her shirt.  Ken could smell the
arousal of both woman, Jane's scent being deeper and muskier, but no less
arousing than Ally's somewhat sharper scent.  It was intoxicating.  He helped
remove her shirt, then began kissing his way to her throat.  Jane removed the
bra that she didn't really need, but had been wearing because of how see through
her shirt was.
      
       	Ken stepped back just a little to look at her.  She blushed, all the way
down to her waist, as he admired her.  Her skin was pale, her breasts very
small, but her nipples were very thick and dark pink.  They were stiff with
arousal and Ken, looking at them, thought that they'd be just perfect for
piercing.  Knowing how she liked her nipples treated, he was sure she'd love it.
      
       	He avoided them though, and kissed his way down the front of her body,
licking the salty skin and nipping at her belly button.  She couldn't really
keep her balance and put her hands on his shoulders.  Her small fingers gripped
his skin as he ran his tongue around her belly button.  Jane was also kissing
and licking her way down Ally's back and the teen was in heaven.
      
       	Ken's focus slipped and he dipped into her thoughts again, seeing that
she'd desperately wanted to try a woman, but had never had the opportunity.  He
smiled knowing that, Jane aside, there was another girl she really, really
wanted, but figured there was no way it was going to happen.  Well, Ken thought,
we'll see.
      
       	Jane unfastened the back of Ally's skirt and unzipped it. Ally's breath
caught, almost in a sob, as they slid it down her legs, exposing the g-string
panties she had on.
      
       	Now her scent was far stronger.  Ken's head swam with lust and he could
feel an echo from Jane as well.  The crotch of Ally's panties was actually
soaking wet.  Jane and Ken worked the girl, who spread her legs slightly when
Jane pushed gently on the inside of one thigh, nibbling and kissing her thighs
and hips.  No one touched the soaked gusset of her panties and Ally was going
nuts with the sensations.
      
       	Here she'd thought to serve them, and they were the ones doing all the
touching!  Ken made a note to make her understand that since they were enjoying
her body so much, she was serving them.
    
      	The torture continued for Ally as Ken and Jane slid their hands, lips
and tongues over her body.  She was trembling enough that they moved her to the
bed, afraid that she'd collapse.  Ken simply picked up the small girl and
carried her, gently placing her on the covers while Jane slid down next to her. 
Finally, they pulled her panties off.  Jane held them to her nose and inhaled
deeply, which caused Ally to moan in lust and embarrassment.  She'd been soaked
all day and knew that her scent was strong. 
     
      Ken was lost in the scent and taste of her body.  He licked the insides of
her thighs, tasting the salt of her sweat while Jane slid her fingers over her
slight chest.  She pulled Ally's arms over her head and ran her fingers, then
her tongue down the inside of her arm, through her armpit, then down her ribs. 
Ally almost came.  They teased her, stroking her body, pulling her tight nipples
and sucking her wrists and fingers.  At one point, Jane leaned down to give her
her first kiss with another woman.  Ally moaned and tried to grab her head, but
Ken held both of her small wrists in one of his hands, while the other one
squeezed her nipple.  Ally had a small orgasm, and they went right back to
teasing the girl.  Finally, Ken looked up at Jane and nodded toward the
bathroom.  Jane understood and went to empty the hot water from the tub.  It was
time to give Ally her first experience as a bound slave.
     
      End 9




Avatar
Part 10

	Ally didn't even realize that Jane had left until she returned to
continue playing with her again.  They pulled the girl off the bed and had her
kneel on the floor.  Jane squatted in front of her while Ken grabbed some rope
from one of the bags.  He also pulled out a set of clamps. 
    
	They were vicious little things.  Each was 'U' shaped with a lever on
one side that clamped the ends together.  They were very strong, but Ken knew
the girl would like them.  He had Ally put her hands behind her back, but it was
Jane who forced the girl's crossed wrists between her shoulder blades.  Ally
proved to be quite limber.  Ken used a simple Japanese bondage tie to trap her
arms to her sides and, eventually, to hold her wrists in place.  It was a
strenuous position, but Ally was almost cuming

     	Ken could tell that the girl, while she had indeed offered to let them
do anything they wanted to her, hadn't envisioned bondage.  She'd never
experienced it, despite the fact that she'd wanted to.  Ally wasn't really
thinking though, as the coils of rope constricted her upper body, she was just
feeling.  A simple brush against her clit and she'd go off like a rocket, but
that didn't happen.  No fingers entered the sticky folds between her legs,
nothing slid into her yearning tunnel.
    
	Finally, with some silent suggestions from Jane, Ken had Ally tied the
way he wanted.  He was quite competent at immobilizing a slave, at tying their
breasts for play and running teasing ropes through their clefts.  He'd used hog
ties and many other types of bondage, but he had only peripheral knowledge of
Japanese bondage.  Jane, however, had spent many, many hours in Japanese bondage
and knew a lot about it.  Not as much as she'd wanted, since being tied up and
doing the tying were very different.  He wasn't sure why he'd used this type of
tie.  Usually it was for someone with larger breasts, since it constricted them
while holding the upper body immobile.  Any movement of the arms caused the
ropes to shift and put additional pressure on the breasts, increasing the
slave's sensations. 
    
     	Ally's breasts were too small for that to work.  Instead, the tie
squeezed her tiny breasts against her chest, but still gave clear access to her
prominent nipples.  Ken slowly closed the lever on one clamp and the ends
tightened on her breast.  These clamps were very tight - he knew that Jane would
enjoy them - but he wasn't sure if Ally would appreciate them.
    
      	He felt her response as pain flared through her left nipple.  She moaned
and, without his link to her, he would have removed the thing immediately.  That
would have been a mistake since she loved the feeling.  Cliche as it was, to
her, it hurt SO good.  Jane claimed another kiss from her while Ken applied the
other clamp.  Ally was in heaven as she was pulled into the bathroom by her
nipples.  Ken helped her to her feet, then took hold of the chain and gently
tugged in the direction he wanted her to go.
    
       	She was going nuts.  Just one little touch - hell the friction of her
thighs was almost enough to set off a huge orgasm.  Ken and Jane knew what they
were doing though.  They could feel what their oh so willing captive was feeling
and knew exactly what to do to drive her out of her mind. They helped her into
the tub and sat her on the warm floor.  She looked startled at the sensation of
heat, and Ken knew that warming the tub had been a good move.
     
	She thought she knew what they were going to do to her and it was
exciting and scary at the same time.  It never occurred to wonder how they knew
what she wanted.  She could only process the fact that she was helpless, with
her nipples screaming in pain and her pussy screaming for the relief of an
orgasm.
     
	Ken dropped his shorts and Ally saw his cock.
     
	"Oh my god," she said looking at its thick mass.
     
	"Goddess," Jane absently corrected, then said, "Just think Ally, if you
please us, then you get that nice hard cock in that cute little pussy of yours."
     
	Ally didn't catch the Goddess comment, she was still trying to imagine
that thick pole in her near virgin pussy.  Ken knew he'd fit.  He wasn't sure
how he knew, but he knew it would take very little to get inside her.  Now if it
was her ass, that'd be a different story.  They were going to have to stretch
her very slowly back there so that they wouldn't damage her.
     
	It was difficult for him, but he managed to will his cock soft enough so
that he could begin emptying his bladder.  He knew she wanted it in her mouth,
but wasn't going to tell to take it there.  She'd be more turned on if she
decided on her own that's what she wanted.  Jane was standing to one side and
Ken to the other.  Ally was almost hyperventilating with excitement.  It was
really going to happen!  She was going to taste someone else's piss for the
first time.  Her pussy spasmed and she had a mini orgasm.  Ken felt the surge of
energy just before she did and wondered if he'd ever be able to keep someone
from orgasming the way Lea had been able to control Jane.
     
	His first spurt caught Ally low on her belly.  She moaned as the hot
liquid slid down her body and over her already sopping pussy.  As he ran the
yellow stream up over her chest, Jane's much darker stream joined it.  She
wasn't so good at aiming it, and some missed, but after she corrected, the main
stream hit Ally right in the face.  She turned and opened her mouth, accepting
her Mistress' and, soon after, her Master's fluids as they arced from their
bodies.  She was quiet wet when they were done - and had had another mini
orgasm. 
     
	Ken grabbed her soaked hair and pulled her head back a little.  Sliding
his cock into her mouth, he pushed out one last small squirt of piss into her
mouth.  He now understood Jane's interest in this activity and planned to play
these games whenever he could; the dominance factor was over the top.  With Ally
sucking on it, his cock rapidly hardened to the point where it was too big to
fit in her mouth.
     
	Jane pulled Ally onto one of the low seats in the tub, kissing her face
and licking the piss off shoulders.  Finally, she kissed her way down Ally's
body, and holding the teen's legs apart, sunk her tongue as deep as she could
into the slick tunnel.
     
	Ken was now assaulted by two sets of feelings.  Both women were in
orbit.  Ally from the way she was being treated and Jane from the strong taste
of Ally's cunt.  She licked and sucked while Ally came.  Ken found that he had
to hold the girl on the seat so that she wouldn't slip off and hurt herself. 
Touching her piss wet body didn't bother him.  He wasn't especially interested
in tasting it though.
     
	Jane was in heaven because, despite the fact that Ally was the one tied
up, Jane was servicing her cunt.  It somewhat satisfied her submissive needs. 
Surprising Ally, she pushed hard on the girl's bladder.   Ken had noticed, in an
off hand way, all kinds of things about the state that Ally's body was in.  The
things that were very sexual to her were very obvious, so he, and he guessed
Jane, knew that the girl had a very full bladder.   Somehow, that was a real
turn-on for her.
     
	So when Jane pushed on her, just above her red haired pubic mound, a
squirt escaped, right into Jane's mouth, where it quickly disappeared down her
throat.  Ken knew what she wanted and whispered into Ally's ear.
     
	"Do it.  Let go and piss in her mouth.  She's my slave, and I want her
to do this."
     
	Jane groaned when she heard that, and sucked on Ally's pee hole.  Ally
did as she was told because she wanted to follow Ken's orders.  The fact that
that he was twisting her nipple clamps didn't help her bladder control, since it
was very painful, plus Jane's upper lip on her clit was amazingly intense.  Ken
could feel the satisfaction of both women as they complied with his orders. 
Jane was very aroused, but unlike Ally, knew she couldn't cum without
permission.  He would have to begin training Ally soon, but not tonight.  He had
a hunch that she'd be included in their fun and games very often.
     
	Meanwhile, Ally had finished peeing, and Jane was keeping her just on
the verge of orgasm.  It was amazing what you could do when you knew exactly
what your partner was feeling.
     
	Finally, Jane sat on one of the seats built into the edge of the tub,
with Ally in her lap.  She positioned Ally's legs outside of her own, then
spread hers wide, forcing Ally's even wider.   Ken would love to have eaten her
pussy - especially with Jane's shaved snatch right below it to play with as
well, but admitted to himself that he was too squeamish, since both women were
pretty well soaked with urine.  Ally was in a perfect position for something
else though.  Ken knelt down and began to slide his thick cock into the girl. 
He could smell the arousal of the woman even over the fairly strong smell of
their piss.  Oddly, the combination of scents added to, rather than detract
from, the scene.  Context is everything, he thought.
    
	Ally watched with fascination and fear as his thick cock began to push
against her opening.  Jane was tight because she was naturally small.  Ally was
a small girl but she was tight because she hadn't had very much experience.  Ken
knew she'd be able to accept him.  She was so aroused and so wet that even
though he stretched her wide, it was pretty easy to get inside her.  Unlike
Jane, she didn't like pain - except for nipple play.  Well, she liked to be
spanked pretty hard as well.
     
	He slowly pumped in and out while Jane whispered dirty things in Ally's
ear and pulled on the chain connecting the nipple clamps.  Ally had her first
really big orgasm after Ken picked up the pace and started fucking her hard. 
Jane rubbed her clit while pulling on the clamps and the whole experience was
mind blowing for the girl.  The tight ropes constricting her breathing, the wide
cock splitting her, the smells and tastes in her mouth, all combined to make her
orgasm so strong she almost passed out.
     
	Ken groaned his satisfaction as he pumped a huge load of cum into the
teen.  The fact that she was completely unprotected (her mother wouldn't allow
birth control - good girls didn't need it) never bothered her in the least. 
Protection was something she would surely have worried about under normal
circumstances.  Her current circumstance were not normal though and she had no
idea that Ken wouldn't get her pregnant.  Having that certainty was a little odd
for him as well.  Ally had a smaller orgasm as he pulled out, which clamped her
somewhat gaping pussy shut.  Ken held her while Jane maneuvered herself onto the
tub floor and began working the girl back into a frenzy.  Ally was crazed with
lust as Jane sucked Ken's cum from her pussy.  When she'd gotten all of it, she
stopped and Ally groaned with frustration.  She'd been close to cuming again.
     
	Jane pulled the bound girl's face into a kiss and passed the cum from
her own pussy into Ally's mouth.  While she was distracted, Ken removed the
nipple clamps.  Ally yelped from that, but overall she couldn't believe that
these people were doing all this to her and she couldn't believe how horny she
was.  They were driving her nuts.
     
	Ken started unwrapping the rope from their 'captive' and told Jane to
start the shower and get the nylon cuffs.
     
	"It looks like you're enjoying yourself," said Ken.
     
	"Yes Sir," replied Ally.  She was disappointed that he was untying her,
but her arms were starting to ache from the strict position anyway.  Ally, to
her surprise, found that she liked the ache.
     
	"Well, good.  We have lots of time tonight, and I'm sure that we'll find
all kinds of things to do."
     
	"Oh Goddess, I hope so," replied Ally as Ken slowly moved her hands out
of their crossed position.  Ken noticed the use of the word Goddess, but decided
to let it pass.  He wondered about it though.
     
	Jane returned and they cuffed the teen's hands in front of her.  Then
they moved into the shower and proceeded to thoroughly wash her.  They gently
massaged her shoulders, back and arms, shampooed her hair and cleaned her. 
Somehow, the slit between her legs remained slippery no matter how much they
rinsed and rubbed it.  Ken could tell she was getting a little sensitive, so he
backed off.  Jane, however, had found that running a finger over and slightly
into Ally's back hole excited the girl and it usually didn't.  The result was
that by the time they were all clean, Ally's arousal hadn't dipped much.
     
	After drying off, Ken and Jane were hungry, so Jane called for room
service after asking Ally what she wanted to eat.  Ally didn't give a very good
answer because Ken was between her legs eating her pussy.  He loved to eat pussy
and her lightly furred cunt was very sweet.  She obviously shaved her pussy
lips, because they were smooth as silk.  He was really enjoying himself, and
when Jane's lips closed around his hard cock, he was enjoying it even more.
     
	One of the best things about being the Avatar of a sex Goddess was that
he never had to worry about getting hard.  His enjoyment of the act didn't seem
to diminish either and he wasn't getting sore.  That was good, to say the least. 
He felt all the energy the three of them had produced zipping along his nerves
and found it to be very invigorating.
     
	Ken was enjoying teasing the crap out of Ally so much that he forgot
that room service was coming up.  When they knocked, he reached out with his
mind to see who it was and found himself in the thoughts of another male.
     
	That was a little shocking.  The mesh between them didn't seem right. 
Sort of like the positive poles of two magnets being pushed together.  That
didn't mean that he didn't get a connection.
     
	Bob was up here because he'd heard from Andy, who'd overheard Kelly and
Ann giggling about something that had happened to Frieda.  Lots of strange
things went on in a hotel - especially expensive ones, but apparently when
Frieda went to deliver some towels, some naked chick had opened the door.  The
girls had heard her complaining to the floor manager about the 'young hussy' who
was 'parading around naked' upstairs.  The manager had been alarmed until he'd
realized that she'd been parading around in her own room.  Guests paid a lot of
money to stay here, and as far as the management was concerned, nudity in one's
own room was fine.  In the halls was another matter.  At least she wasn't some
stupid rock star who decided to trash the place because she was drunk.   Bob
managed to scam the delivery from Eddie, who hadn't heard about what was going
on.  Bob was all for nudity.
     
	Well, if that was the case, thought Ken, then he should definitely get
what he came for.  Ally was very close to an orgasm - and had been for a good
fifteen minutes - and was going crazy with lust.  She groaned when Ken pulled
away from her sex, begging with little whimpering noises for him to continue. 
     
	"I'll give you your orgasm, if you do something for me," he said.
     
	"Yes, whatever you want."  Her eyes were glassy with need and she was
flushed and damp with sweat.
     
	Ken unlocked the cuffs and had her get off the bed.  They moved out of
the bed room, and he wrapped a towel around himself, then went into the other
room and sat on the couch.  The women had followed him and he said, "Room
service is here.  Why don't you have them set up?"
     
	Ally looked at him in shock.  The person at the door knocked again, and
Jane shouted out, "Just a second!"
     
	"But I'm not wearing anything," said Ally.  Her belly was clenched in
lust at the thought of displaying herself.  She wasn't an exhibitionist, like
Jane was, but the thrill of following Ken's orders was amazing.
     
	"I can see that dear.  Don't worry, Jane will be with you.  Now let the
man in, ok?"
     
	Trembling, Ally let in the boy.  He looked only a bit older than her,
and she was mortified at the expression of surprise and lust on his face. 
Mortified and with in a hair's breath of cuming from excitement.  She might not
be an exhibitionist, but being forced to display herself was amazingly exciting.
     
	She stood there nervously while Jane helped Bob, who was now having
trouble deciding which girl to look at, set up the food.  Ally had closed the
door while Jane helped Bob set up.  When Bob finished laying out the food,
trying desperately to maintain his cool the whole time, he headed for the door. 
Ken waited until it was open and he was on his way out.
     
	"Hold on a second there Bob," said Ken.
     
	The guy stopped, wondering what was going on.  It never occurred to him
to wonder how the guy, who was sitting too far away to read his name tag, knew
his name.
     
	"You forgot your tip," said Ken.  "My dear," he said, looking at Ally,
"come get this and give it to Bob."
     
      	Ally was almost shaking as she retrieved the bill from Ken's hands and
walked over to hand it to Bob.  As far as Bob was concerned, he'd already had
his tip.  Having a beautiful, nude, red head - even if she was flat chested -
hand him money was above and beyond a tip.  Never mind the view that the tall
brunette with the big tits and shaved pussy provided.  He left stunned and
walked down stairs.  It was a good thing that Frieda had already prepped the
rumor mill with her complaints, otherwise no one would believe this!
     
	It wasn't long before Ally found herself bound again.  Ken knew that
being tied up was a whole new sensation for her and she was really enjoying it. 
The girl had amazing flexibility - if not the endurance that Jane had, and they
tied her with her head toward the base of the bed and with her arms above her
head.  Her legs they pulled back and very wide, securing them at thigh and
ankle.  Then Ken and Jane moved the cart next to the bed, and proceeded to eat
some of the food they ordered.
     
	They fed Ally too, but it was amazing how often food, some of it quite
hot, ended up on her breasts or mons.  Jane masturbated Ally with a few
strawberries, then fed them to her covered with her own juices.  Several more
strawberries, pieces of mango and some banana were also slid through her
dripping sex to be enjoyed by all.  Ally was in heaven.  She seemed to end up
with whipped cream in a lot of sensitive spots as well.  Naturally, Ken and Jane
didn't want it to get all over the bed, so they applied their tongues to the
girl to make sure she was nice and clean.  Ally was begging for an orgasm by the
time they finished eating.
     
       	Jane knelt over the teen's head and Ken slid his girth deep into her
soaked pussy.  He fucked her amazingly tight cunt while Ally occasionally licked
her large clit.  They positioned Jane so that Ally had to hold her head up to
reach Jane's dripping sex, which frustrated the girl to no end.  Jane, on the
other hand, sucked and licked Ally's sweet cunt, keeping her just on the edge of
orgasm for as long as Ken fucked her.  Jane was in agony too, as she hadn't
received permission to cum and really needed to.
    
       	Finally, Ken groaned and dumped another huge load of cum deep in Jane's
cunt.
    
       	"Open your mouth, Ally," he said.  When she did, he pulled out and some
of his cum dripped from Jane's hole right into her mouth.  She swallowed
eagerly.
    
       	"Now let's see how good you are at eating pussy," he continued.  "Jane
dear, for the next half hour or so, feel free to cum as often as Ally can make
you."
    
       	With a little moue, Jane dipped her head between the teen's thighs and
went to work, while lowering her hips over Ally's face.  Ally welcomed the bare
sex and began sucking and licking.
    
       	"Oh Goddess," said Jane, "Oh, she's gonna make me cum.  Mmm, Master, I
can feel her sucking your cum right out of meeeEE!"
    
       	Jane's voice rose as she got her first orgasm.  Her body stiffened as
Ally sucked her large clit into her mouth, then Jane plunged her own mouth to
the red, dripping slit below her.
     
	Ken enjoyed watching them immensely.  He knew that he could get another
erection, should he desire, but was having fun watching them get off.  It was
amazing since not only could he see the action, but he could feel what the women
were feeling.  The amount of energy created was phenomenal, and was all getting
stored away.  Thankfully, Jane was taking on some of it, because he didn't know
if he could handle the output of both women - never mind the energy he created.
     
	After about ten minutes, he retrieved a taws from his bag.  The leather
was smooth and heavy, and he knew Jane would love it.  He suspected Ally would
as well, but that was something to try later.  He didn't want to startle Ally,
who was driving Jane to another orgasm, and who had just had one herself, so he
leaned next to her head to whisper in her ear.
     
	"Ally love, Jane likes things a bit rough.  Actually, she likes things
very rough.  So I'm going to be using this strap on her ass while you eat her
out.  Don't be startled - it's pretty loud, and don't worry, I won't hit you. 
Oh, and don't be afraid to use your teeth on her - especially her inner lips and
definitely on her clit.  Don't draw blood, but anything else is fine."
     
	Ally looked at him wide eyed, then whimpered as Jane's fingers found a
sensitive spot inside her.  She delicately took one of Jane's swollen inner lips
between her teeth and nipped it.  Jane gave a guttural groan and did something
to Ally which caused an echoing groan.
     
	CRACK!
     
	Ken had waited until Jane's delicates were not in Ally's mouth before
hitting Jane's ass with the taws.  Ally's eyes widened as she realized how hard
he'd hit her.  She flinched just a bit when the next one landed, but Ken was
aiming high on Jane's ass to keep from landing a blow anywhere near Ally's face. 
Then Ally groaned again as Jane did something she really liked.  Ken landed
another blow as Ally took Jane's clit and worried it with her teeth.
     
	Ken wondered what Jane was doing to Ally that she liked so much.  As
soon as the thought formed, he found he was tapped into Jane very deeply.  It
was disorienting, feeling the burning of his/her ass, the pain in an organ he
didn't even have and how it flared pleasure deep in her brain.  He realized that
Jane had managed to get two fingers inside Ally's tight cunt and had found her G
spot.  Apparently it was very sensitive.  She was also tonguing and sucking on
Ally's pee hole, and he could almost taste the briny tang of her piss.  Jane
shifted her hips a bit, hoping for another blow from the taws.  Ken snapped back
into himself, then gave her what she wanted.  Several slaps later, her ass was
welted, Jane was in having her third orgasm.
     
	At the end of the half hour, Ally was exhausted.  Jane was not, but
then, she and Ken were absorbing the energy created by their sexual activities. 
Both women were covered in sweat and Ally's face was coated in Jane's scent and
liquids.  They untied the girl and messaged her body.  She asked for another
shower, but both Jane and he were enjoying her scent, so she was denied.  It
didn't matter because soon after they started messaging her sore muscles, the
girl was fast asleep.  They decided to let her nap and retired to the other
room.
     
      	"That," said Jane with a lazy smile as they curled up on the couch, "was
amazing.  Thank you Master."
     
      	Ken chuckled, "Yes, I think that we've worn out our little guest."
     
      	"I don't know, said Jane, "I bet that when she wakes up she'll be rarin'
to go.  Don't you remember what it was like to be a teen?  Plus, I think she's
got a really high sex drive."

      	Ken flipped on the huge TV and started channel surfing.  They weren't
really paying attention to what was on until he stopped at a sound bite of the
President.
     
      	"...amend the Constitution."  The scene cut away to a talking head who
said, "The President has now come out in favor of an amendment to the
Constitution to protect the sanctity of marriage between a man, and a woman. 
Meanwhile, in San Francisco, the mayor continues to marry gay couples in
defiance of the..."
     
      	Ken turned off the TV.  Jane snorted in disgust.  "Fucking morons.  As
if they can legislate who will love who."
     
      	That started a discussion between them about the damage that the erosion
of the separation of church and state was doing.  Jane was quite passionate
about her point of view and Ken was in agreement with her.  He'd been so wrapped
up in his little world that things like this hadn't gotten a lot of attention -
unless they were rooted in technology, government intrusions had been mostly
ignored by him.  Of course he understood, and stood by, the rights of the
various churches to preach what they wanted.  He expected that some churches
wouldn't allow a gay marriage in their faith.  However, he felt that the state
should have absolutely no say in who could marry whom.  As long as the fuckers
got their taxes, what did they care anyway?
     
      	Since he hadn't followed the news for so long, seeing just how much sway
the church had in current politics was vastly alarming.
     
      	Ally came out of the room about an hour later, with a towel wrapped
around her.  She'd been too shy to come out naked.  They both felt the girl wake
up, and Ken could detect that even after all the sex they'd had, she was still a
bit horny.  She really did have a high sex drive.  Her interest shot up even
higher as she discovered her hosts naked and sitting on the couch.
     
      	"Ally hon, why are you wearing that towel?" asked Jane.
     
      	Ally blushed and Ken knew that she was a bit embarrassed about their
earlier activities.  Pure lust was no longer driving her, and the fact that
she'd done so many... kinky things with them, and that Jane's body looked so
much more womanly than hers, drove her to cover herself.
     
      	So she didn't answer, except to blush.  "Do you want to leave, Ally?"
     
      	Jane and Ken knew that the emotions that Ally'd experienced since she
came into this room were upsetting the teen.  She didn't want to go, but
wondered if the two, obviously far more sophisticated adults, wanted her to. 
She really wanted to stay, a lot, but they must think that she was a little
girl.  Certainly she looked like one, she thought as the tears formed in her
eyes.
     
      	Ken followed her line of thought with an ease that surprised him.  He
stood and put an arm around the girl and led her to the couch where Jane also
put her arms around her.
     
      	"Ally," he said, "we don't want you to leave.  We just wanted to remind
you that if you are too uncomfortable and you want to, that we understand."
     
      	She was lightly sobbing now and shook her head no, indicating that she
didn't want to leave.
     
      	"So what's bothering, sweetie?" asked Jane.  "If you tell us, maybe we
can help you.  Did we hurt you?"
     
      	Ally's thoughts flashed to the ache in her nipples and the slight ache
in her body from the bondage.  That caused a lot of blood to start to flow
south.  She shook her head no, realizing that if she wanted to be treated as an
adult, she should start acting more like one.   If she just kept crying, they
were going to think her the child she looked like.
     
      	"I just... well, I never did anything like what we did.  And you guys
are so much more experienced than me, I thought you'd get bored."  She looked up
at Ken and said, "Plus... well, Jane is so beautiful and she... she makes me
look like a kid, I just don't understand why you would want me."
     
      	"Oh Ally," said Jane, "you couldn't be more wrong."
     
      	The girl looked up, startled by the seriousness in Jane's voice.
     
      	"Ally," said Ken, continuing Jane's line of thought, "we both think that
you are absolutely beautiful.  Breast size isn't the only thing that makes a
woman sexy, you know.  I love how you look."
     
      	"Goddess, yes," echoed Jane.  "You have got to be the sexiest woman I've
been with in a long time."
     
      	Ken knew that Jane wasn't just telling a white lie.  Even though her
recent Mistress had been very beautiful, she'd also been somewhat cold and
demanding.  Jane being Jane, that had helda certain attraction for her, but Ally
took such a pure delight in sexual exploration that there was no comparison. 
Jane told her as much.
     
      	"You mean, you really are a slave?"  asked the teen.
     
      	"Yes dear, I really am.  Although," and here it was her turn to blush,
"I don't think I've ever been owned quite the way that Ken, Master, owns me."
     
      	Ally was fascinated and wanted to know much more about Jane and slavery. 
Ken was getting the feeling that Ally might be a much more permanent addition in
his and Jane's life than he'd originally thought.
     
      End 10

Note to my readers:  This story will have events that match current events in
the real world.  However, they might not occur at the same *time* that they
happened in our world.  Hope folks are still enjoying the story.  There's lots
more to come  - even more plot development!




Avatar
Part 11

      	"Do you really want to know about this?" asked Jane.
     
      	Ally nodded her head. 
     
      	"Well," said Ken rising from the couch, "this sounds like it's going to
be a story.  Would anyone like something to drink?"
     
      	Ally wanted a soda and Jane asked if there was any wine, so Ken grabbed
the drinks and sat down while Jane started speaking.
     
      	"I'm a slave Ally," she said.  "Well, a sex slave, mainly.  I feel
complete when I'm serving a Master or Mistress - it's hard to explain.  And,"
she said shifting a bit on the couch, "I like things rough."
     
      	"Rough?" asked Ally.
     
     	 "She gets off on pain," answered Ken.  "You liked it when you were
clamped, right?"  Ally bent her head down and nodded.  "Well, Jane likes that
too.  She's just a bit more extreme than you, and she likes it everywhere."
     
      	Jane smiled as Ally looked up at her.  "Yes dear, I like it very rough. 
But make no mistake - I don't like to be beat up, or abused and I won't put up
with it if someone tries it.  I've been doing this long enough that I know the
difference."  Ken knew that since Jane had some of the same abilities that he
did, there was no way someone could fool her into being abused.  "I mean, my
body would still respond, I can't help the way I'm wired, but my mind wouldn't
be into it.  I could never serve someone who treated me like that."
     
      	"Wow.  I never thought about it like that," said Ally.  "You really like
pain?"  She'd thought that because she liked to be spanked and have her nipples
hurt that she was a freak.  Ken wasn't surprised at her thoughts.  He was
beginning to understand what kind of a home life she had and wondered how in the
world Ally had turned out the way she had.
     
      	"Yes dear, I really do.  And not just pain.  Let me tell you about the
first time I had sex," said Jane.
     
      	She told Ally the story of being seduced when she was in high school. 
Ally was really interested and Ken could tell that the graphic, sexy way Jane
was telling the story was turning the girl on.  The towel was opening further
and further with her making no effort to close it and Ken could smell her scent. 
He knew that the next time he spoke to Lea, he'd have to ask what the deal was
with that whole smell thing.  Ally's eyes were dilated when Jane finished
speaking.  She'd talked about her first lesbian encounter and touched on several
of her best BDSM encounters. 
     
      	Ken could feel that while Ally would never get off on actually doing
some of the things Jane did, she liked the idea of being a sex slave and
following orders.  She also was remembering how much being tied up had turned
her on and was wondering if maybe she could find someone like Ken to be her
Master.  Ken chuckled inwardly.  She'd already found someone, but her very
conventional upbringing didn't let her consider a real relationship with more
than one person.  Perhaps it was time to enlighten her.
     
      	"So Jane," he said when there was a lull in the conversation, "what
would you think if you weren't the only one serving a Master or Mistress?"
     
      	"I've done poly before," said Jane.  She could read Ally too, and knew
exactly where Ken was heading.  "It's hard to do well, but easier, I think, when
it's one Dom and several slaves, or a couple owning a slave or two.  The
dynamics of the relationship in a BDSM setting are pretty clear, I think."
     
      	Ken wasn't sure about that, but was willing to agree since he'd never
been in such  relationship.  He realized that Jane had a lot more experience
with this sort of thing than he had, despite the fact that he'd been into BDSM
almost as long as she had.
     
      	Ally blushed and said, "Who's Polly?"
     
      	Jane chuckled and Ken said, "It's not a who dear, it's a what."  Ally
looked confused.  "It's called polyamory and it means people who are in a
relationship with more than one person."  He thought for a moment, "Well, that's
one meaning.  I think that, just like a BDSM relationship, a poly relationship
is defined by the people in it."
     
      	"I thought that was against the law though," replied Ally.
     
      	"A lot of things are against the law.  That doesn't make them wrong
though.  What we've done today is, technically, against the law.  Do you feel
we've done anything wrong?"
     
      	That gave her a pause.  Her whole upbringing told her that everything
they'd done was wrong.  Of course, so was masturbation and while she didn't
think that drinking her own (or someone else's) pee was specifically mentioned
in the Bible, she was sure that the Church wouldn't agree that it was OK to do
it.  Carnal pleasure, as her mother often told her, was evil.
     
      	Ken followed these thoughts and wondered how the hell the bright young
girl had managed to turn out the way she was.  No doubt her high sex drive
coupled with high intelligence and curiosity had driven her to seek answers
elsewhere, but certainly neither of those factors would have assure her escape
from the dogmatic existence her mother apparently lived.  Ken realized again
just how exceptional Ally was.
     
      	Finally she replied, "I was raised to believe that it's wrong, but I
can't find it in my heart to think it is.  I mean, sex outside of marriage is a
sin, but I don't agree with that either - obviously."
     
      	Ken got more drinks, this time giving Ally a glass of wine.  They
continued to discuss Ken and Jane's knowledge of the BDSM lifestyle and thoughts
on sexual slavery.  It didn't take long for Ally to begin to get aroused again
and when Jane brushed aside the towel and began to lightly bite and suck Ally's
nipples, the girl made no protest.  Soon she was sighing in pleasure as Ken's
tongue parted her musky lower lips and slid his tongue from asshole to clit. 
She still wasn't used to thinking of her asshole as an erogenous zone, but they
were rapidly changing her mind.  Soon, she found her face buried in Jane's
dripping sex, licking up the creamy liquid she was producing and using her teeth
- not so gently now - on Jane's clit.  Ken knew that Ally didn't fully realize
what she was doing to Jane.
     
      	Ally's intent was to give Jane an orgasm while Jane knew that she was
forbidden one without Ken's permission.  Ally's carnal actions were driving her
nuts, but Jane was able to hold back through several of Ally's orgasms. 
Finally, no longer able to take it, she pulled off Ally's face.  Ken was fully
aware what he was putting his slave through and as far as he was concerned,
Jane's torture was just what the Master ordered.
     
      	"I'm sorry Jane," panted Ally as she tried to recover from the fucking
Ken's cock had been giving her.  "If you can tell me what to do, I'll try to do
better."
     
      	In a flash, Jane was on her knees on the floor, cradling Ally's head in
her arms.  She gently kissed Ally's lips and said, "Lover you were doing
incredible things to me.  But my Master hasn't given me permission to cum, and
so while I'm really getting off on your sweet tongue, I have to try with all my
might not to have an orgasm."
     
      	Ally slowly sat up.  "My God," she said, "it never occurred to me just
how serious you take this."
     
      	"She's very serious about being a slave, Ally.  It's a difficult thing
to do, but very fulfilling for a submissive."
     
      	"You are so cruel to her Sir," the girl admonished.  Words, apparently,
hadn't expressed well enough to Ally just what a sex slave was - at least Jane's
version of it.
     
      	"Yes, I am.  And she loves every minute of it," grinned Ken.
     
      	"Ally," Jane interrupted, "when we were in the tub your bladder was very
full."
     
      	Ally looked confused at the change in subject.  "What's that got to do
with anything?"
     
      	"Why was it full?  Did you enjoy denying yourself the use of the
bathroom?  Did the thought that, no matter how unlikely, you might not make it
to a bathroom in time excite you?  That you might lose control and have to pay
the consequences, so to speak?"
     
      	Ken , and obviously Jane, knew that was certainly one reason that Ally
hadn't used the bathroom.
     
      	"Or perhaps it's the physical tension that it creates that you like? 
Maybe the combination of the two?"  continued Jane.
     
      	Ally slowly nodded her head.  Ken was playing with the outer lips of her
pussy and it was hard to be embarrassed when she was so aroused.
     
      	"Being controlled - being denied the ultimate pleasure, or forced to do
something that is embarrassing to me gives me a lot of pleasure.  I know that
Master will eventually allow me to orgasm, and so the agony of waiting is worth
it." 
     
      	Ally's eyes were slitted in pleasure and Ken followed her thoughts.  She
was applying the concepts that Jane and Ken had introduced her to, to her own
thoughts and feelings.  What if they did that to her?  What if she were
helpless, bound maybe, and not allowed to use the bathroom?  What if they teased
her, but didn't let her cum.  Just those thoughts made her cum, thick liquid
oozing from her spasming cunt into Ken's mouth.
     
      	She understood now.  Ken, however, decided that a little more
demonstration was in order.
     
      	Ally was getting a little sore again, and was really hungry.  Ken
decided that food was a good idea.  He also wanted to see if there was something
he could do to make the girl less sore.  Lea said he could use some of the
energy he had, and after this afternoon, he sure as hell had a lot.
     
      	"Well," he said, "I'm pretty hungry.  Anyone else want to order some
food?"
     
      	The ladies both agreed, but when Ally went to get up, Ken kept her in
place.  "Jane, please get us the menus and take our orders.  Call them in, will
you?"
     
      	Ally's eyes widened at the tone in his voice.  It wasn't that he was
nasty, but it was plain that those were orders - never mind that they were
framed as requests -that he expected to be obeyed.  Well, Ken thought, wait
until she sees what happens next.
     
      	While Jane read selections on the menu, Ken began trying to 'push' some
of the energy and use it as sort of a brush to sooth away the irritation that so
much use had brought to Ally's sex.  He felt no small measure of triumph as he
tapped into Ally's emotions and saw that it was working.  Her slightly inflamed
sex felt less raw, less sensitive and - conversely - more responsive to his
touch.  
     
      	"Please, just order for me!  Goddess, I can't concentrate on anything
when you're doing that," she moaned.  Ken smiled and Jane, sensing the changes
in the girl, rose one eyebrow at him.  He mouthed 'later' and she nodded. 
     
      	In addition to healing her sore pussy, he somehow released another
reserve of lust in the small body of the teen.  It was, he saw, like using a
very small amount of energy to remove the one rock that was holding back an
avalanche.  Ally was now almost as aroused as she'd been when she arrived this
afternoon - which was good, considering what he was planning.
     
      	Between the two of them, they managed to keep Ally very aroused while
they waited for the food.  They cuffed her hands behind her, denied her the use
of the bathroom when she asked, then, while she was on her knees, made her
switch between sucking Ken's cock and eating Jane's pussy.  She was beginning to
understand the kick Jane got out of being controlled.  Then a knock at the door
with a muffled "room service" came.
     
      	"Be there in a minute," shouted Ken.  He smiled.  This was going to be
even better than he hoped.
     
      	Once again, that odd matching of same polarity poles entered his head
while he touched the persons on the other side of the door.
     
      	Eddie had been sort of pissed that Bob had conned him out of the last
delivery.  When the call came for more room service, and it got assigned to Bob,
he started to speak up.
     
      	"Cool out dude," said Bob.  "Look," he said pulling the guy out of the
floor manager's ear shot, "just come up with me.  I'm not gonna say anything and
if they're still naked you'll get a show.  It's not like this is a hopping
night, so no one's gonna miss you."
     
      	That sounded like a plan to Eddie, so when the food was ready, he tagged
along.  Ken smiled.  They were not going to be disappointed, that was for sure.
     
      	They unlocked the leather cuffs that they'd put on Ally's wrists and
elbows and Ken put on a pair of shorts.  He had Ally kneel beside him - naked,
of course.  Not only that, but she was made to kneel with her knees spread wide
and her hands behind her back - fully exposed to who ever wanted to look.  She
knew that if it was the same guy, he'd want to look and once again the forced
exposure was making her drip - never mind how excited she was from how she'd
been treated this last hour or so.  Jane he sent to open the door.
     
      	He felt the jump in excitement from both men and knew Jane did as well. 
Both tried to maintain their cool as they brought the food in, set it up, and
gathered up the dishes from earlier.
     
      	Ken saw it was easier for Jane to accept their energy, but he was
getting better at it as well.  And boy did they have a lot to put out!
     
      	Ed was especially attracted to the beautiful little redhead kneeling
beside the very lucky guy on the couch.  From the flush and dampness of her
skin, it was obvious what they'd all been doing.  He could smell the musky scent
of the two women in the air and it made him hard.  Bob had a very hard time
keeping his eyes off the evidently very aroused woman who'd opened the door. 
Her firm, heavy breasts, thick pierced nipples and shaved cunt made him hard as
an iron bar.
     
      	They'd gathered up their stuff and were ready to when Ken leaned over
and whispered in Ally's ear, "I want you to begin to understand just what it
means to be a slave."  Her eyes widened in fear, but she needn't have worried.
     
      	"Jane dear give the men their tip.  I'm sure you can think of something
appropriate."  Jane's eyes widened as she realized what he meant.   Ally wasn't
tracking too well and wondered what was going on.
     
      	The guys were standing next to each other, getting ready to leave when
Jane closed the door and walked toward them.  They were frozen, hearts beating
with lust as they wondered what the hell was going on.  Jane's hand's wandered
down to their hard cocks and she gave them an absolutely smoldering look.
     
      	"I can get you money, if you'd like.  Or, I can relieve some of the
tension you seemed to have developed."
     
      	Bob and Eddie looked at each other.
     
      	"Tension," said Bob.
     
      	"Tension," agreed Eddie.
     
      	Jane sunk to her knees and opened the front of their pants, freeing
their cocks.  Ally looked on in wonder, fear and arousal as Jane expertly
brought each of them to orgasm, greedily swallowing down their cum. 
     
      	Jane herself was in a state.  She'd never, ever been used like this.  It
was too dangerous to have sex with strangers and while she had been given out by
former owners to service their friends, those people - even if she didn't know
them well, had not been complete strangers.  She felt an amazing amount of
freedom - not to mention a huge sexual rush -as she understood the gift that Lea
had given her High Priestess.  Jane had no worries at all about catching
anything from anyone.  She couldn't even get pregnant, unless she wanted to.
     
      	The energy of the two guys flowed into her and Ken as they came.  They
were far too quick for her tastes, but she understood.  She zipped them up,
after gently placing their soft cocks back into their pants.
     
      	"Thank the gentlemen, Jane," admonished Ken as they somewhat shocked
servers headed toward the door.
     
      	"Thank you, Sirs, for letting me give you a blow job," Jane's voice was
husky with lust.
     
      	"Oh, no problem," said Bob.
     
      	"Any time Ma'am," said Eddie as they wheeled the cart out of the room.
     
      	Jane's thighs were literally soaked from her excretions and Ally's pussy
was fully open and leaking as well.  Ken could feel that the show of obedience
that Jane had just put on almost launched her into orbit.
     
      	"Now," said Ken, "Shall we eat?"
     
      	They fed Ally, since her hands and elbows were once again cuffed behind
her back.  Ken loved how forcing her elbows together made Ally's back arch and
forced out her slight chest.  Her nipples received a lot of attention from both
Jane and Ken while they ate.
     
     	When they finally retired to the bedroom for the evening, Jane and Ken
gave Ally so many orgasms, that she finally passed out while Jane ate the
remnants of Ken's cum from her pussy.  As exhaustion claimed her she realized
she'd never felt so satisfied, or, oddly, loved in her entire life.   She would
serve them - even learn to love pain the way Jane did, if only they'd keep her. 
Ken read those thoughts as Ally drifted off to a deep sleep and he smiled.
     
      	He and Jane cuddled for a while - she was also satisfied since she'd
been permitted to orgasm several times as well.  They arranged Ally more
comfortably on the bed, then curled around her and slept themselves.
     
      	It was light when Ken woke.  The feel of the two women in bed with him
was very sensuous.  Their sleepy, and in Ally's case sated, feelings washed
against his mind.  He knew that he and Jane had been with Lea last night.  They
hadn't spent a great deal of time with their Goddess.  His energy had entered
her with a kiss and Jane's transfer had been done while she was on her knees
eating Lea's pussy.   Nothing had been hurried, despite the brevity of the
contact.  Before they left her, Lea ensured that they knew how very much she
approved of Ally.
   
      	"I think," she said in parting, "that you'll need an ever bigger house
than you're planning on."
     
      	Ken was now wondering how they could afford that.  There were less
expensive places to live, but he liked living in this part of the country. 
Funny, because until recently, he really couldn't have cared less where he
lived.  He wondered how Jane felt about living here.  She would follow him no
matter where he went, should he decide to leave, but he wouldn't want to make
her leave if she loved it here.  Hell, he didn't even know if she had family
here.
     
      	The clock said it was almost ten am, and Ally had to be at work by noon. 
He supposed he'd have to get the ladies up, but they looked so good curled up
with each other he was loath to disturb them.
     
      	Jane was on her side with Ally curled in her arms.  One breast was free,
so he leaned over and sucked her soft nipple into his mouth.  It slowly came to
life and she moaned quietly.  Ally was still sleeping as Jane's eyes opened and
she smiled at Ken.  He nodded down at Ally and Jane's grin widened.
     
      	They slowly maneuvered the sleeping girl onto her back.  Jane began
licking between her legs and, sill sleeping, Ally spread them a little.  It was
enough for Jane to begin lapping at the folds of her sex, still sticky from last
night.  Ken felt Jane's pleasure at the taste and smell she was greeted with as
Ally opened her legs further.  Ken gently began to suck Ally's nipple, which
quickly hardened after which he began using his teeth.
     
     	They knew when the teen woke.  She thought she was dreaming, but Jane's
long finger entering her wet sex convinced her she was awake.  She opened her
eyes and moaned as Ken tweaked her other nipple to hardness. They worked the
girl close to orgasm, then Jane did something to her while Ken was feeding his
hard cock into her mouth. 
     
      	She pulled away saying, "No, NO it's too much."  Then she gave a little
squeak and Jane moaned in a greedy manner.  Ken realized that she'd done
something to make Ally pee and was efficiently ensuring that none of it got on
the expensive sheets they were sleeping on.  He could feel Ally's intense
pleasure as she stuffed as much of his wide cock in her mouth as she could fit. 
     
      	When Jane had gotten all she could from Ally, the girls got into a sixty
nine position.  Jane, although much larger, was on top and Ken watched as Ally
fastened her mouth to the dripping sex, sucking, licking and biting.  It was
obvious she remembered what Jane liked because he could seen her stuff four of
her fingers inside Jane's pussy while pulling on her clit with her teeth.  She
was getting Jane pretty close, and Jane knew she wasn't allowed to cum, so she
redoubled her efforts on Ally's pussy, causing the less experienced girl to
loose her concentration and cum with a loud yell.
     
      	Jane rolled off Ally and lay there aching for an orgasm.  As Ken knew,
it was an ache she enjoyed.  Ally wasn't moving - just panting and recovering
from hers.  A minute had passed when Ally abruptly sat up and pulled Jane into a
deep kiss, licking and sucking her own slick juices from the woman's face.
     
      	"I can still taste it," she whispered in a huskily whisper.  "That was
such a fantasy of mine," she continued, "thank you so much."
     
      	There was more that Ally wanted to say, but Ken sensed that she wasn't
ready to say it yet.
     
      	"Well," he said, "Anyone for breakfast?"
     
      	That got almost identical looks at his hard cock.  Jane, of course, was
still very aroused, as was Ally, despite her recent orgasm. 
     
      	"That's not exactly what I had in mind," he said as they pouted, "but
I'll be happy to make a phone call for more room service while you get your
appetizer."
     
      	They didn't need any encouragement and both started licking and sucking
his cock.  He called downstairs for room service for breakfast, getting head
nods and shakes guiding him as he ordered for the three of them.  When he came,
Jane and Ally shared his cum in a deep kiss.  Time was getting short, so they
headed for the shower, which Ally started while Jane and Ken brushed their
teeth.  Jane, of course, used Ken's toothbrush.
     
      	"Did you forget one?" he asked.  "They have some in the cabinet here."
     
      Jane just looked at him innocently,  blinking her big, blue eyes at him,
toothpaste foam all over her mouth.  Ken smiled and shook his head.  Jane joined
Ally in the shower area (it was too big to call a stall) while he brushed his. 
When he stepped into the steamy cube, Ally was on her knees.
     
      	"I think," said Jane, "that our little minx wants another kind of shower
first."
     
      	Ken and Jane obliged the teen, who frigged herself as the streams played
over her body and into her open mouth.  She came very quickly from the
stimulation, and came again when Jane bent to kiss her.
     
      	They quickly finished cleaning themselves, and jumped out.  Ally brushed
her teeth as Ken and Jane went into the other room.  When she immerged, Ken was
in a pair of shorts while Jane was still naked.  Ally was dressed in a short
skirt and a top, obviously ready to serve the lunch crowd at her job.
     
      	Breakfast was served by a woman and Ken, after sensing her thoughts
through the door, motioned Jane into the bathroom until she was gone.  Then they
all sat and ate.  Ally was staving and amazed herself with how much food she put
away.
     
      	Too soon it was almost time for Ally to go.  She was still pretty horny,
but didn't want to say anything.  Despite the fact that she'd already acted like
a completely depraved slut since yesterday, she was shy about letting them know
how much she wanted just a little more before she left them.  She had no idea if
she'd ever see them again and it was making her sad.  Ken followed all these
thoughts and trepidations with an ease that surprised him.  Jane, while unable
to follow Ally's thoughts was certainly able to feel her emotions.
     
      	"Ally dear," said Ken as the teen looked up with a startled look on her
face, "you know what I like about short dresses?"
     
      	"No Sir," she said a bit confused.
     
      	He stood and held out his hand, which she took and led her to the bed.
     
      	"Sir, I really have to go soo..."
     
      	He cut her off with a kiss, which she enthusiastically returned.  Jane
walked around and sat on the bed behind Ally, pulling her legs wide as she lay
back.  Ken turned Ally around and bent her at the waist.  He felt her
satisfaction as she pushed her face into Jane's musky pussy, then spread her
legs wide when Ken pushed aside the crotch of her g-string panties and slid into
her wet cunt.
     
      	When Ken started stimulating her clit, Ally shot off like a rocket,
sucking hard on Jane's clit.  Jane, really wanted to cum, and knew that Ally
wanted her to, but as hot as she was, she didn't have permission.  Ken pulled
out of the teen's slightly gaping cunt and quickly pushed the cotton pad over
her soaked lips.
     
      	"That should give you a little something to think about today," he said,
pulling her away from Jane's sex.
     
      	"Mmmm," purred Ally.  "Thank you Sir, but Sir... Jane, she.."
     
      	"Didn't cum.  I know.  Jane's only allowed to orgasm with my
permission," he said.
     
      	"And," added Jane, "trust me.  If it weren't for that, you'd have had me
cuming my brains out."
     
      	Ally blushed from the complement.  They both hugged the girl, who was
suddenly upset.  What if they didn't want to see her again?  What if they were
just being nice?  What if...
     
      	"Ally," said Ken, pulling her out of her panic.  "You have Jane's cell
phone number.  We have a number we can reach you at.  I'll call you with my cell
phone number - since it looks like I'd better get one.  We both loved having you
here and would be very, very disappointed if we couldn't see you again.  Soon."
     
      	Jane kissed the girl deeply and just looked into her eyes.  Ally's eyes
began to fill and she hugged Jane even harder.
     
      	"Thank you.  For everything.  This has been just amazing," she said.
     
      	"We'll call you tomorrow night, or if you need to, you can call us
sooner, OK?" said Ken.
     
      	"Yes.  Thank you."
     
      	"Remember," said Jane as they walked her to the door.  "Anything you
need, you call us and we'll be there.  Even, or especially" she said with a
lusty smile, "if you need a certain itch scratched."
     
      	They all kissed, and Ally left.
     
      	Ken turned to Jane as asked, "You ready to hit the trails?"
     
      	She grinned and they began gathering up their stuff.
     
      	End Part 11




Avatar
Part 12

      	They checked out and paid the bill, which ended up being more expensive
then they thought.  Neither cared very much.
     
      	"Gee," said Jane in an overly huffy voice as they drove off, "you'd
think they'd have taken a little off for the blow jobs I gave!"
     
      	Ken chuckled and replied, "Well, you didn't do anyone on the management
staff, so maybe they got jealous."
     
      	While they drove back to his place to get changed and pick up the bikes,
Ken decided now was as good a time as any to start finding out a little more
about the woman who was apparently going to be sharing his life.
     
      	It turned out that she had no close living family.  An aunt here, a
cousin there.  Her parents had been older people who had died more than five
years ago.

      	"Why the sudden interest?"
     
      	"Well," he replied, "a number of reasons. It looks like you and I are
going to be tied together pretty closely - which I consider a good thing," he
flashed her a grin, "and I thought it'd be nice to know a little more about you. 
Also," he paused, "I don't know if you got the same vibe that I did, but Lea
seemed to be hinting that the house size we are planning on getting might be a
little small.  I love living around here, but if we need something bigger, I
don't think we'll be able to afford it."
     
      	Jane looked at him somewhat sheepishly. "Sorry Master, when I was with
the Goddess last night, the only thing I remember is how she made me feel. 
Well, that and the fact that she seemed very happy that we'd hooked up with
Ally."
     
      	"Yup.  She was very happy about that."
     
      	"Is it always like that?" she asked.
     
      	"Like what?" he replied.
     
      	"Last night.  I mean, things were pretty fuzzy.  It was wonderful, but I
would have liked to ask a few questions."
     
      	"Hmm," he replied.  "It's not like I'm real experienced at this, but
it's been like that most of the time with me as well.  Although occasionally, I
can sort of feel her in my head."
     
      	The arrived at the house and grabbed their stuff.  Since they were now
in a hurry and on the verge of being late, Ken tried his best to keep his mind
off Jane's body when she stripped down to change.  It was difficult, but he
managed.  His hard cock did not, however, escape her attention.
     
      	"Master, you can feel free to ride me now and we'll get to the trails
later.  I know some of them pretty well."
     
      	Looking at his cock, he gave some thought to how many times he'd cum in
the last few days.  He wasn't sore and he was raring to go.  This would take
some getting used to, that was for sure.
     
      	"Um, I suspect that being what I am, having a lot of these," he
indicated his erection as he pulled on and adjusted the shorts, "is part of the
bargain.  Kinda hard for a guy to gather in sexual energy without one."
     
      	"Oh, I don't know" she smiled, "you could probably get the energy.  It
just wouldn't be as much fun."
     
      	They made it to the shop with less than five minutes to spare.  Good
thing it was close by.  Sandy greeted them both with a bright, happy smile of
welcome.
     
      	It did nothing to disguise the huge surge in lust that she experienced
when she saw them.  Flashes of what she'd like to do with them made her
attention wander.  She had visions of Jane riding her face while Ken hammered
her sopping pussy.  The scene switched to her tonguing Jane's asshole while Ken
fucked her.  A whole parade of carnal images ran through her brain in the
seconds that Ken scanned it.
     
      	She got herself under control and gave directions to the starting point
of the ride.  There were three other riders, all guys, two of whom were in the
early stages of beer gut creation; it was evident that they were doing this to
get some badly needed exercise.  Ken caught the surface thoughts of one of them. 
The guy relaxed thinking that, as out of shape as he was, this little blond
wasn't going to give him that hard a ride.  Naturally, that thought brought
others to the surface - like the kind of riding he'd like to do with Jane, Sandy
or both.  Ken winced and managed to stop the flow of images.  The guy wasn't
even particularly imaginative.
     
      	It didn't take long to arrive at the park and set up the bikes.  Ken,
even though he was a pretty experienced rider, wasn't an experienced mountain
biker.  He was here to learn and enjoy the day - not to mention the delicious
sight of Sandy and Jane in skimpy riding clothes.
     
      	The ride started slowly so that people could warm up.  It became
immediately obvious who the experienced riders were; they were the ones warming
up.  The two guys who had just started with the sport tried to push Sandy's
pace.  She explained that this was a warm up and then just smiled as they puffed
past her anyway.  It didn't take long before they slowed down to rest while
others caught up.  Sandy stopped at the trail head.
     
      	"Now don't let the first uphill scare you off," she said. "Walk it if
you have to and don't worry about taking too long because we're all going to
rest at the top.  This trail has a few technical spots, but mostly it's just fun
riding.  I'll stop before the nasty spots to give everyone a head's up." 
     
    	The two dough boys, as Ken was beginning to think of them, immediately
started up after Sandy.  Ken normally tried to avoid labeling people, but they
were so smugly sure that they weren't going to have any problems with this, that
they were annoying him.  The other male rider, Billy, sort of smiled at Ken,
even though his eyes lingered on Jane and started up the hill.
   
    	"I suspect that I'll be walking fairly soon," Ken told Jane. "You should
go first."
   
    Jane flashed him a grin and he was treated to the wonderful sight of her ass
in tight black shorts as she began pedaling up the hill in front of him.  Ken
didn't even try to keep up.  He was not in the kind of shape he used to enjoy
and wanted to be able to walk tomorrow.   Needless to say, he passed the dough
boys about a quarter away up the hill.  They were panting pretty hard.
   
    	To his surprise, he made it almost to the top.  Jane, Billy and, of
course, Sandy, had made the climb, although Sandy was the only one that didn't
seem too winded.  They all smiled at him as he walked his bike to the top.
   
   	 They rode for about an hour and Ken enjoyed almost every minute of it. 
It was a great workout and he seemed to have a natural ability to balance the
bike.  Well, his balance and physical coordination had always been excellent. 
Sandy was surprised and delighted at how he took to the ride.  It went without
saying that she also enjoyed having Jane along.  Sandy looked at Jane, and Ken
got an image of her on her knees in front of the taller woman, slowly licking
the sweat from her legs moving toward her hairy, musky cunt.  Ken smiled and
wondered what Sandy was going to do when she found out Jane was hairless. 

Sandy was soaking wet from the dual stimulus of the ride and her fantasies about
Ken and Jane.  She wondered if Jane would be turned off by how strong she
smelled after a ride.  To normal senses maybe, but Ken and Jane could smell her
sexual arousal and musk with no problem at all.  It was intensely arousing,
especially since both women were pumping out 'please come fuck me' pheromones by
the gallon.  Ken looked at Billy and noticed that he was definitely affected by
the two women.  He didn't try for a deeper connection with Billy because the
feeling was a little unsettling.
   
    	At the first technical spot, Sandy dismounted to wait for everyone.  It
wasn't that big a deal to her, but she wanted to make sure that no one got hurt. 
Ken looked at the log she'd stopped by and thought he could probably ride over
it - hopefully with out flipping the bike again.
   
    	He could feel the doubts from the doughboys.  Billy and Jane just rode
over it, but the two men were beginning to understand that mountain biking was
more than just riding on a dirt trail.  Still, doughboy #1 only half listened to
Sandy as she explained the best way to ride the log.  Naturally, he dumped the
bike, although not as spectacularly as Ken had the day before, and glared at
Sandy as if to say she'd lied to him.  He hadn't seen Jane and Billy ride it.
   
    	He was pissed and embarrassed and Sandy's kind and patient attitude
didn't help.  His friend declined to ride the it and just walked over.  Ken,
drawing on his flying lesson from Friday, managed to ride it with ease.
   
    	"Hey," said Sandy, "I thought you said you'd never done this before." 
She was glaring at him with mock anger and real lust.
   
    	"Well, I took your advice and rode some on Friday.  Trust me when I tell
you that I discovered a quick way to get airborne while trying to go over one of
these."  He grinned, "Thank the Goddess for the ol' tuck and roll!"
   
    	They laughed, but Ken could feel the other guy fuming.  The second
technical spot was a rather sharp down hill section.  It wasn't too long, but
there as a lot of loose dirt and some rocks.  Sandy once again stopped to
explain, this time to just Ken and the other two new riders, the best way to do
this.  Jane and Billy shot down the hill, with Jane giving a little "ye haw" as
she got to the bottom.  Sandy looked at Ken, but Doughboy #1 pushed ahead of
him.  Once again, it was clear he hadn't listened to anything Sandy had said,
and dumped the bike, scraping his leg in the process.  Sandy jumped on her bike
to go assist, but he waved her off and walked to the bottom. 
   
    	Ken zipped down the hill, enjoying the feel of gravity doing all the
work.  When he stopped at the bottom the other guy was starting to walk down the
hill.  Meanwhile, Doughboy #1 was working himself up.  He had a temper and he
felt it was somehow Sandy's fault that he couldn't ride.
   
    	"Shit, it'd be nice if you'd give a decent explanation of how to do
this," he griped.
   
    	Sandy's smile never faltered.  "I'm sorry," she said.  Ken could tell
that she really was sorry and she was wondering if her preoccupation with Ken
and Jane had caused her to screw up.  His friend was just reaching the bottom
when she said, "If you'd like, we can try it again, and I'll see if I can figure
out what happened."
   
    	"Fuck that," said the man.  "I'm already going to be limping for a week
because of you and..."
   
    	"Walt, cool out," said his friend.  "It's no big deal."
   
    	Ken could feel Walt's anger, and could tell the guy's friend wasn't
helping.  He leaned his bike against a tree and stood to the angry man's side,
far enough away to not seem threatening, but fairly close to Sandy.  Ken
watched, thinking and absorbing the situation.
   
    	"It is a big deal," he said.  "This fucking bitch shouldn't be allowed
to just..."
   
    	"I'm sure that Sandy isn't trying to hurt you," said Ken, his voice
cutting through the other man's.  Sandy was now pissed, but before she could get
the Walt's attention again, Ken moved toward him.  He didn't think it would be a
good idea for Sandy to get involved because he could see that Walt was no
stranger to slapping a woman around.  This came through loud and clear as he
focused more on Walt and could tell what an abusive, nasty person he was.
   
    	"Hey asshole, does it look like I'm talking to you?"
   
    	"Sorry," said Ken, trying to figure out a way to keep the guy from going
ballistic.  It was certain that only Jane's restraining hand on Sandy's arm was
keeping her from exploding.  Billy looked like he wanted to be anywhere but
here.  "It looks like you're not really having a good time anymore.  Maybe we
should just continue on separate paths?  I mean, the main path is just down
there."
   
    	Walt dropped his bike and walked up to Ken.  His friend, evidently
having seen this happen a number of times, didn't even try to intervene.
   
    	"Did I ask for your opinion?"
   
    	All thought fled from Ken and his focused narrowed to the man in front
of him.  Somehow it also widened to take in everything around him.  He couldn't
read Walt's thoughts anymore, but it was obvious that the guy wanted a fight.
   
    	"It was just a suggestion," said Ken.  He hoped his voice was pitched to
sound soothing and conciliatory.
   
    	Maybe it was, but it didn't work.   With a, "Did I ask for your fucking
suggestion?" Walt decided to push Ken to get things started.  Ken shifted a bit,
his hands making a sort of sweeping motion and the next thing he knew, Walt was
staring at the trees, his breath knocked out of him.  He looked a bit confused,
as if he were wondering how he'd ended up laying in the path.
   
    	His anger quickly returned and he tried to get to his feet, which slid
out from underneath him putting him back on his ass.
   
    	"Walt," said Ken, his voice devoid of all emotion.  "I think you should
stay there until we're gone."
   
    	Apparently Ken's tone of voice got his attention and Walt stayed there
as everyone but his friend rode off.  They stopped at the next hill for a break. 
Ken was desperately trying to ignore the emotions that had been evoked from the
encounter; he shoved them deep into his brain.
   
    	Which was when he discovered that Sandy and Jane were both going crazy
with lust.  He was assaulted by the almost physical force of it.  Sandy wanted
him.  Now.  Right Now.  Jane too.  Uh oh.
   
    	Sandy tried her best to hide it, but even Billy could pick up how turned
on she was. Unlike Billy, Ken knew that it wasn't the violence that had turned
the women on.  Had he started the fight, or hit Walt while he was down, or even
gotten really violent while putting him down, that would have completely turned
them off. 
   
    	But he hadn't. To them, it seemed as if Ken was their protector. That
neither of them needed protection had nothing to do with it; both women were
responding on a more primal level.  And they both wanted him.  Now.
   
    	Ken accepted all the thoughts and energy flooding his way.  He used it
to block out thoughts of his own; uncomfortable, painful memories that he
ruthlessly pushed back into his mind as they tried to resurface.
     
      	"Hey, look Sandy," started Billy, "Sorry about that asshole. I think I'm
just gonna split off here, OK?"
     
      	Sandy pulled herself together.  "Yeah," she replied.  "I mean, you don't
have to..."
     
      	Ken frowned.  Billy was clearly more tuned in to what was going on than
Sandy realized.  Ken focused on Billy only to discover that the guy was
perfectly aware that the two women wanted to drag Ken off and jump his bones. 
He didn't want to interfere and so decided to ride another trail.  He was a
little shaken at what had happened, Ken knew, because most of the violence that
Billy had experience with occurred on his 20" monitor. 
     
      	"Naa, don't worry about it.  He was just an asshole," replied Billy.  He
held out a hand to Ken, "Nice meetin' ya."  Ken shook the proffered hand.  He
sensed a strong flash of shyness as Billy looked at Jane and Sandy, giving them
a quick wave.   
     
      	Obviously, Jane was hooked a little more deeply into Billy than he had
been, because she had a very thoughtful look on her face.  With Billy gone, she
turned to Sandy.  Ken could feel the force of will it took for her to ignore the
other woman's huge jump in lust and excitement as she realized that the three of
them were alone.  "Does he ride with you guys often?"
     
      	Sandy, not expecting that question, had to refocus her attention on the
real world.  "Um, yeah. Once or twice a month.  Why?"
     
      	"Just curious," said Jane.  She turned her attention back to Ken and
smiled.  It was clear that Billy had somehow gotten Jane's attention.  Ken had
the feeling himself that they'd want to meet up with him again, and evidently
Jane felt the same way.
     
      	When they both turned their attention back to Sandy, she got a little
faint.  Pure lust poured through her body.  Her cunt, Ken knew, was soaked
through and if it weren't for the fact that her riding shorts were black,
there'd be a clear wet spot on them. 
     
      	Sandy took a chance.  After all, she couldn't feel their lust for her,
the way they could feel hers for them.  "Hey," she said taking a deep breath,
"There's a spot not too far from here.  The riding to get there is really
technical, but there's a stream at the end."  She paused, drawing another
shaking breath.  "No one goes there, especially at this time of year..."
     
      	Jane gave Sandy a look of unmistakable lust.  "Sounds like just the
place for a little ... relaxation."
     
      	Sandy closed her eyes and shuddered.  Yes!  It looked like she was going
to have her first threesome.
     
      	If anything, she'd understated the technical level of the trail.  Ken
ended up walking most of it, as did Jane.  Even Sandy had to walk some obstacles
and they were all hot and dripping sweat by the time the got to the end.
     
      	It was well worth it though.  The spot was really secluded with a lot of
flat, bare rock.  The stream was swollen from runoff and as cold as ice, so
there wasn't going to be any swimming.  Ken could see the possibilities of
sunning here on a nice afternoon though.  He felt a bolt of pure lust and turned
around to see Jane and Sandy looking at him.
     
      	They approached him as he walked from the stream and as Sandy thrust her
tongue in his mouth, Jane began to untie and remove his shoes.  His socks, pants
and underpants followed and in short order the girls were on their knees. 
Actually, Jane had the presence of mind to push Ken's pants under Sandy's knees. 
She of course, enjoyed the feeling of discomfort that kneeling on the rock
caused her.
     
      	"Oh, my God, I can't believe how huge this thing is," said Sandy
gripping the base of his cock and licking his balls with her tongue.  She was
lost in lust, but still worried that they'd figure out that wet skin, especially
skin wet with sweat, drove her nuts.  The taste, the feel, the smells - she
actually had a mini orgasm when she pushed the tip of his cock into her mouth.
     
      	Jane caressed her hair while cradling his balls and whispered back,
"Don't you want to feel that splitting your puss?"  Sandy moaned from the
brunette's words.  "I can't wait to suck his cum out of your pussy," Jane said.
     
      	"Oh shit, you two are so HOT.  God I want to do everything!"
     
      	"We'll take all the time you need," said Ken.  "We have all day.  And
any other day you'd like."
     
      	Sandy moaned and pushed his cock into her mouth further, jacking the
bottom of his shaft.  Her saliva dripped down his shaft to be licked up by
Jane's tongue.  They worked over his cock until he exploded, over-filling
Sandy's mouth with his cum.  Jane greedily licked the excess from his shaft and
Sandy's fingers, eventually ending up in a cum filled kiss with the other woman.
     
    	Jane pulling Sandy to her, deepening the kiss.  Sandy moaned as she
passed Ken's cum into Jane's mouth, then sucked it back into her own.  Ken was
hooked into her feelings and knew that she was now concentrating her lust on
Jane, figuring that Ken would be out of action for awhile.  She was wrong, of
course, but Ken wanted to watch the two women and so he removed his shirt and
sat down on it. 
   
    	Sandy was totally getting off on Jane's scent, the feel of her big
breasts and the taste of her mouth.  Breaking the kiss, Jane smiled at the
smaller woman, then pulled off her own top, leaving her in only a sports bra. 
Ken's cock rose as he relaxed watching the show.
     
      	Jane sat and removed her riding shoes and socks, then stood and slowly
stripped herself the rest of the way as Sandy watched.  Ken smiled at how Jane
made it seem she was offering herself for Sandy's use.  It was clear to Sandy
what Jane was offering as well.
     
      	She was fascinated by Jane.  The other woman was taller than her by
about two inches, and well toned.  Her long limbs, very narrow waist and heavy
breasts drew Sandy's eyes along her body until it came to rest on her gleaming,
shaved sex.
     
      	Sandy moaned and moved forward on her knees.  She began kissing and
licking Jane's thighs, enjoying the heady scent of her body and the salty taste
of her skin.  Again, Jane's attitude was very subservient as she spread her legs
for her 'Mistress'.
     
      	Sandy never did make it to those slightly opened, dripping lips.  She
stood and began to rapidly remove her own clothes and Ken, ever the gentleman,
decided to help.  Sandy almost started when she began removing her top and Ken
added his hands to hers.  She turned, looking at him and moaned as he took one
of her small, firm breasts in his hands.  Jane moved in and grabbed the damp
cloth and pulled it over Sandy's head while Ken caught a pink, turgid nipple in
his lips, sucking and pulling on it.  He knew exactly how much pressure to apply
- a lot - and just when to use his teeth on her.
     
      	They finished stripping Sandy, who then began to lick and suck the
runnels of sweat dripping down Jane's ribs from under her breasts.  Sandy hoped
desperately that Jane wouldn't be turned off by her actions.  Jane was anything
but turned off.  She was pleasing a partner, so she was pleased as well.
           
      	"Do you like how I taste?" asked Jane to egg her on.  "I love watching
your tongue on my body."
     
      	Sandy actually whimpered, she was so turned on.  She wanted to do
everything, still hoping that they wouldn't find out how turned on she was by
the slippery taste and feel of sweaty skin.  She wrapped one hand around Jane's
breast and pushed the long brown nipple into her mouth, gently sucking.  Unlike
Jane, she didn't have the advantage of knowing what turned her partner on.
     
      	"Bite her," whispered Ken into Sandy's ear, running his fingers down her
moist ribs.  "She gets off on it.  Bite her hard."
     
      	Sandy gently clamped her teeth on the nipple.  She liked things rough
herself, but didn't know what rough meant to Jane.  Jane showed her appreciation
by moaning and whispering "Harder, mmm, yeah, harder."
     
      	Sandy obliged, sinking her teeth into the brown skin and pulling, loving
Jane's answering moan.  She popped the glistening nipple out of her mouth and
began to kiss, lick and nip Jane's breast.  Finally she lifted the breast and
ran her tongue over the wet skin there.  Jane moaned louder, showing her
approval for Sandy's actions as the woman switched to the other breast.
     
      	Sandy, now lost in her lust, decided to just do what she wanted.  If
they were grossed out, then well, at least she had gotten this far.  Ken smiled. 
He knew that Jane was not grossed out, and he was very turned on by Sandy's
actions.  He wondered what she'd think if she knew that just this morning, Jane
had forced a seventeen year old girl to piss in her mouth.  He suspected that
Sandy would be shocked, but not too shocked.  He didn't think that participating
in water sports was Sandy's thing, but he suspected she wouldn't be averse to
watching it. 
     
      	Sandy moved down from the breast she was working on, then licked around
Jane's waist to the top of her ass cheeks.  She licked, sucked and bit the firm
globes, then, hoping that she wasn't going to far, spread Jane's ass cheeks. 
Jane helped by opening her legs.  Shortly, Sandy's tongue was licking over her
rosebud and sliding through the soaked lips of her sex.  Jane was going crazy,
as was Sandy.  Sandy was trying to make her cum and Jane, of course was trying
not to.  Ken stepped in front of Jane and began fingering her large clit.  She
looked in his eyes, pleading.  Ken smiled and nodded.
     
      	"As many as you'd like until we're finished here," he whispered.
     
      	"Thank you Master, aaaAAH!"
     
      	She came, soaking Sandy's fingers with her cream.  Sandy continued to
plunge her fingers into the amazingly tight sex.  Even though she was crazed
with lust, Sandy wondered how the hell Ken got his cock into that small hole. 
Her own cunt twitched as she thought about watching his thick cock spear the
tiny cunt as she flicked her tongue over Jane's brown hole.   Ken moved behind
Sandy and wrapped his arms around her, pulling her away.

      	They laid Sandy on the warm rock and began to tease her.  Sandy moaned
as tongues glided over her slick body.  She really was a fine looking woman. 
Her body was very toned - flat stomach, firm legs, awesome arms and, as Ken and
Jane discovered when they got there, a soaked pussy with nicely trimmed, dark
blonde hair.  She eagerly spread her legs as they dove into her musky sex.
     
      	Sandy didn't shave, she just kept everything trimmed.  Her scent was
driving Ken crazy, his thick cock throbbing with the need to slide deep into her
body.  He and Jane licked and sucked the thick juices she produced, kissing over
her clit, working the woman as a team.  She came very quickly.  Jane and Ken
spread her legs wide and back and Jane attacked her asshole with tongue and
fingers while Ken sucked her clit and fingered her cunt.  One of his hands also
tweaked her nipples and squeezed her breasts.  Sandy came again, even harder,
but they didn't stop, pushing up the curve again.
     
      	Finally, he positioned himself between her legs and, as Jane held her
pussy lips open, began to slide into her.  Sandy gave a guttural moan as his
width pushed open her tight tunnel.  She wasn't as tight as Jane, or Ally, for
that matter, but she felt plenty good.  Jane began kissing the woman, licking
her neck and biting her nipples and breasts.  Sandy also liked things rough and
she was usually very physical, sometimes to the point of bruises for her or her
partner - most of the time both.  She sank her teeth into Jane's breast while
Jane nipped the pink bud in her mouth.
     
     	 "Oh God you're huge.  Fuck me.  Give it to me.  Hard!"
     
      	Ken obliged, pistoning into her while holding her thighs in a bruising
grip.  It was all good to Sandy.  The only thing she could have wished for would
be some nice rope holding her struggling body in place. She bit Jane again, this
time on the bottom of one breast.  Jane gasped her approval while returning the
favor by pinching a pink nipple hard between her fingers.  Sandy came twice more
before Ken unloaded into her.
     
      	Jane captured his cock in her mouth as it came out of Sandy's cunt.  It
was coated with both their juices, a thick ring of it at the base of his still
hard cock.  Sandy's hand rubbed her clit as she watched Jane thoroughly clean
the organ.  Jane had a finger in Sandy to keep Ken's sperm from running out.
     
      	When she finished with him, Jane lay on her back and said, "Squat over
me, Sandy.  I wanna make sure I get all that cum out of you."
     
      	Sandy's eyes were glittering with lust as she complied.  She positioned
herself over Jane's face, her slimy lips right over Jane's open mouth, and
pushed.  Runnels of sperm and her own cum oozed from the depths to be swallowed
quickly by Jane.  When no more dripped out, she drove her tongue inside to get
any that was left.  At one point, her tongue was coated with the combined juices
and Sandy moved down to suck it into her own mouth.  It wasn't long before they
were in a sixty-nine with Jane on top.
     
      	Ken, still hard, took advantage of the situation by sliding into Jane's
tight cunt.  Sandy's eyes grew big as Jane stiffened in response to the large
organ painfully splitting her sex.  Jane was very wet and Ken gave her no time
to adjust to his entrance - he just pushed inside.  Jane's yelp momentarily
alarmed Sandy, until it was followed by a "Thank you Master, thank you."
     
      	Ken felt Sandy's curiosity spike.  Master?  Hmmm, this had
possibilities.
     
      	As Jane urged her Master to fuck her harder, she dove her head into
Sandy's well fucked sex.  Ken obliged and told Sandy to make sure she used her
teeth on Jane's clit.
     
      	Sandy had had sex with a number of women, but Jane was the hottest she'd
ever been with.  She'd also never seen a clit this size either.  She sucked as
much of it out of its sheath as she could - quite a bit actually, and began
worrying it with her teeth.  She assumed that Jane's clit wasn't very sensitive
because it was so big.  	She was wrong.  It was extremely sensitive and
seemed to have gotten more so in the last day or so.  Jane liked the pain Sandy
was causing.  Ken, connected to her thoughts and feelings knew she was wondering
if he'd have her pierced there.  It had always been a fantasy of hers.
     
      	Ken emptied himself into Jane as she spasmed around his invading cock in
orgasm.  He pulled out slowly and Sandy attacked the shaft with her tongue as it
emerged.  Jane was still working her own hole and she knew that another orgasm
wasn't far off.  Sandy was having a hard time believing how hot this whole scene
was.
     
      	Once Ken was clean, she went after the cum in Jane's cunt.  Jane
produced a huge amount of pussy juice, so strands of it were dripping down onto
Sandy's face and neck.  She sucked up what she could, then pushed her fingers
into Jane to get more.
     
      	Eventually Sandy was sated.  Jane and Ken were feeling pretty good too. 
They'd absorbed a fairly large amount of energy today, and Jane was feeling it. 
Ken, surprisingly, was not.  He knew that it was there, but felt that he could
handle a lot more.  He smiled as the two women separated, panting, and he
thought that his tolerance was growing.
     
      	Sandy was exhausted, he knew, and she was wondering why neither of them
appeared to be.  Good God, had Ken really cum that many times?  She levered
herself up on her elbows.
     
      	"You're quite the stud," she said with a happy smile.
     
     	"Why thank you Ma'am," he said in a cheesy western accent.
    
     	She giggled and looked at Jane.  "And you are fantastic! You guys nearly
killed me."
    
     	Ken and Jane arraigned themselves on either side of her and stroked her
sweat soaked skin.
    
     	"You, my dear," said Ken, kissing her lips, "are incredibly hot."  He
could taste Jane's pussy on her lips, and both the women reeked of sex and
sweat.  He found that he didn't mind at all.  He knew Sandy didn't either, but
her sense of smell wasn't as good as his and Jane's.
    
     	They lay there for a time while Sandy recovered.  "As much as I hate to
say this," she said, "I should really be getting back."  She groaned as they
began to gather up their clothes, "I'm gonna be sore tomorrow.  Hell, I'm sore
now! That's one hell of a pole you have there Mister."
    
     	Jane gave Sandy some completely unnecessary help adjusting her top,
causing Sandy to shudder a bit.  "I know what you're talking about."  She
commiserated.  "You can always come by tomorrow evening and we can help you get
over the soreness."
    
     	Sandy looked at them, grinning and blushing.  She was all for it. 
However, she doubted she'd be recovered by tomorrow.  "You guys really _are_
trying to kill me, aren't you?"
    
     	"Us?  No way!" protested Ken.  "We're not into dead people."
    
     	"Yeah," agreed Jane, licking her lips.  "We like 'em alive and kicking."
    
     	They laughed and began to head back down to the trails.  Sandy was a lot
more wobbly than she'd been before, and it was obvious she was tired.
    
     	Ken knew she was tired and satisfied, and she was wondering if they were
serious about their invitation.  She didn't mention anything though and they had
a pleasant, if slow ride, back to the cars.
    
     	"So, when's the next ride?" asked Ken, all innocence.
    
     	"Depends on what you plan on riding," grinned Sandy.  'Yup,' came her
unspoken thoughts, 'gotta do this again.'  And what's with that whole Master
thing...
    
     End part 12

 My thanks to MWTB for the proofreading asstance.  Of course, I get to claim any
mistakes that were still left.  By the way, if you haven't read MWTB's story
"Tired of Being the Nice Guy", it's a really excellent read.  Go Read It!




Avatar
Part 13

	Ken and Jane were pretty quiet on the ride back.  They were somewhat
tired, but very satisfied.  Ken could feel the energy pooling in his body and
knew he was holding a much greater amount than he had before.  They unloaded the
bikes back at the house and went inside to get cleaned up.
	
	"You still up for going with me to get cell phone?" he asked.
	
	"Of course Master.  If you don't have a cell phone, how can I be at your
beck and call?"  she giggled which, since she was naked did interesting things
to her breasts.  Ken felt himself begin to get hard and willed himself not to. 
To his surprise, it worked.
	
	They talked as they got dressed after their showers.  Ken had let Jane
go first on the assumption that she'd take a little longer than he to get ready. 
However, once she finished showering, all she did was throw on a bra and a light
dress.
	
	"No panties?" he asked.
	
     	 "Does Master wish me to wear them?  They make great gags - especially
after I've cum in them - or you've cum in me."  Ken wasn't quick enough to keep
his cock from thickening.
	
	"Now control yourself you little slut," he said with a grin.
	
	"Master, I'm NOT a little slut," she said with a fake pout.  "I'm a big
slut."
	
	Ken laughed and finished throwing on his clothes.  They went to a nearby
mall and found a cell phone store.  Ken was surprised at all the options, and
chose one that was a nice compact model - with a camera.  He could imagine some
interesting uses for that.
	
	Afterwards, they found a restaurant that wasn't too far away and grabbed
an early dinner, then headed back to his house.  Once there, they continued to
search for real-estate   Jane hit the net to look for houses and get a better
idea what was out there, while Ken perused the Sunday paper.
	
	"Hey Ken," said Jane, "we should get this one.  It'd be big enough."
	
	Ken looked over her shoulder and snorted.  "Yeah it's big enough all
right.  But I'm thinking that we're a little short of the 10 mil it'd take to
buy it.  We might be able to get a mortgage on the down payment though."
	
	Jane smiled at the comment.  She sighed, her eyes lingering on the
picture before she clicked to something they'd have a hope of affording.  Ken
had to agree with her about the house though.  It was huge and absolutely
gorgeous.   The ten acres of land surrounding it would the place nice and
private.  It had a built in pool which could be enclosed for winter use, tons of
bedrooms and the grounds looked amazing.  Dream on.
	
	When Ken woke the next morning to the sound of the alarm, he shut it off
and just lay there.  Jane snuggled against his morning piss hard-on and he
wondered if they had time for some play before work.  Probably not, he thought. 
It wasn't like they had a specified time to get to work - within reason, but
traffic being what it was, leaving earlier was better.  He began extricating
himself from Jane, who was not happy with the loss of body heat and woke up.
	
	"Morning Master," she said.  She rolled onto her back and stretched -
which did nothing to reduce the blood flow to his cock.  "Mmm," she purred, "is
that for me?"
	
	"Not right at the moment, unfortunately," he replied.
	
	He showered since that was a relatively non-negotiable part of his
morning routine.  They took separate cars to work since Jane was going to stop
at her place on the way home to get more clothing to bring to his house.
	
	As he sat in his cube, Ken looked around.  After the last five days it
was now this existence that seemed fake and hollow.  The walls were even more
dreary than before, the policies and politics even more depressing.  He had a
ton of email to wade through - most of it just bullshit.  The company was
launching a new website to proclaim how much 'your total employment package' was
worth.  They were crowing about the benefits they provided, all of which had
been cut last year, and the fact that the employee's work was extremely
important to the company. 
	
	Ken hadn't paid much attention to the outside world these last years,
other than to follow the massive damage that the DMCA was causing to American
technology, but he had paid attention to crap like this.  He knew what the CEOs
got paid, and that they weren't even on the same health care plan that the
employees were.  The company had off-shored every function that they possibly
could - including human resources (and wasn't that an insulting term) - and had
cut their staff considerably.  People, for the most part, just took it.  It
wasn't like there were more jobs being generated so there was nowhere else to
go.  Management had made it clear that they knew the score.  If you left, there
were lots of other people that would be happy to fill your spot - probably for
less money than you cost.
	
	Disgusted after reading the emails, he flipped for a moment to a news
portal and read the headlines.  Nothing good there.  He snorted as he noted that
the California state lottery had been won - 170 million - but no one had claimed
it.  Christ, if he had won the thing, you could be sure he'd have claimed it
instantly. 
	
	Ken buried himself in work for the next few hours, steadfastly ignoring
the call from his boss wanting to know when he was going to make up the time
he'd lost last week.  Ken rarely lost time at work.  He was scrupulous about
taking his vacation, but he didn't just take sick days with no reason. 
Management always wanted you to make up your time - offsetting it, they called
it.  Hell, they even wanted you to offset time that you took for a funeral. 
Assholes.
	
	No one had come by to bother him while he worked - which was unusual. 
He assumed that Jane was busy and didn't bother her.  It was getting close to
lunch, when he jumped onto the net to take a quick glace at the headlines.  This
wasn't something he normally did, but with his life coming, well alive, around
him, he wanted to keep tabs on some of the insanity that his country was
engaging in.  Again he noticed the headline about the lottery, and he frowned. 
They'd tracked down where the ticket had been purchased. 
	
	He clicked on the link and his heart started to race.  It had been
bought at the mall very close to here.  The mall , in fact,  where he'd met Lea. 
Where she'd given him a slip of paper with 6 numbers on it.  With shaking hands,
he opened his wallet and pulled out the ticket.  The back of the ticket had a
URL to the site with the winning numbers, so he typed it in and clicked the
link.  He blinked as a notice came up saying the page was blocked due to company
policy.  Of all the stupid, fucking, idiotic ...
	
	Ken picked up the phone and called the number on the back.  A few
minutes later, he carefully placed the phone in the cradle, his hands shaking. 
Jane appeared at the entrance to his cube looking frantic.
	
	"Mas... Ken," she said,  "Is everything OK?"
	
	"Um, I think so," he said in a rather distant voice.
	
	"Ken," she said more sharply, then in a lowered voice, "Are you OK?"
	
	He focused on her and realized that through their connection she'd felt
his shock and was worried.  "Yes," he said in a firmer voice.  "Yes, I'm fine. 
I have an important errand to run though, so I'm going to leave now.  I'll call
you a little later, OK?"
	
	"Sir," she said, "what is going on?  You have me worried."
	
	He grabbed her and kisser her soundly.  "I'll explain everything later. 
If I'm right then... well anyway if I'm not right, then I won't have gotten you
all riled up for nothing."
	
	"But..."
	
	"Later Jane," he said, putting a touch of Master in his voice.
	
	"Yes Master," she responded automatically.
	
	He left and went to his boss' office.
	
	"Something's come up and I have to leave," he said.  He wasn't
particularly apologetic.
	
	She looked up and said, "Ken, you've been out for several days now.  Is
there something going on?"
	
	Like he was going to tell her.  "No, but I have some pressing business
to deal with today - perhaps tomorrow as well."
	
	She sighed.  "Ken, you know that we're short on overhead money," Ken
sensed that this was bullshit - they had plenty of money, they just didn't want
to spend it, "Will you be taking vacation for this afternoon?"
	
	He thought about it for a second.  He had lots of vacation - three
weeks, in fact.  He would have had no problem taking the last several days of
vacation, but what he might have viewed as concern on her part last week, he now
saw through.  She wasn't worried about him - couldn't care less.  She was
worried because if he was out on sick time, it forced up her overhead dollars,
which, if they were too high, precluded her from being considered for a mid-year
bonus.  A bonus that the regular employees here weren't even eligible for.
	
	Ken was disgusted.  He couldn't hook into her feelings, since she didn't
really fit the criteria for him being attracted to her - but his ability to get
into the thoughts of the people around him was coming along nicely.  He didn't
like what he saw.
	
	"Well," he temporized, "It really is personal business.  And I assumed
that that's what that charge number is there for, so I think it'd be best of I
used that."
	
	His manager looked at him.  This was a side of Ken she'd never seen. 
Usually, he was the perfect corporate drone.  And drone was the word she thought
- it came through loud and clear.
	
	Ken got pissed when he heard that.  Very pissed.  "Good by Helen," he
said in a hard voice.  "I'm sorry that I can't stay."  That was a lie, but he
didn't care.
	
	He walked out and could feel her cloud of anger.  Too - fucking - bad,
he thought as he headed for his car.

    	The drive to the lottery office went by very fast.  Ken was sort of in a
cloud.  He remembered buying the ticket of course, but had forgotten all about
it since it wasn't something he'd ever done.  Also the last few days had been
pretty distracting.  He frowned.  170 million?  Ken thought that the top prize
was for 80 million - not that any complaining was going on here. 

    	Once Ken parked and headed toward the building, he started getting very
nervous.  What if he was wrong?  He knew he'd pissed off his boss and if there'd
been some mistake, then he'd be spending some time getting back in her good
graces.  He grimaced.  That would suck.

    	An hour later, he was high as a kite.  He was, indeed, a winner.  By
about four o'clock he had a headache from filling out paperwork and trying to
find an accountant to handle everything.  He hadn't collected yet, but he was
registered as the winner and Jane was his beneficiary if he died on the spot. 
He had the names of several accountants and would be visiting them tomorrow.

    	He sat in his car, eyes closed for a few minutes.  He was a millionaire
- multimillionaire actually.  He didn't have to work.  They didn't have to move. 
This was amazing.  He needed to call Jane and let her know, but figured he'd
call her from home when the cell phone beeped.  Ken was startled; he'd forgotten
all about buying the stupid thing.

    	"Master?" came Jane's voice.  He could immediately tell she was
troubled.

    	"Jane me darlin' what's up?" He answered.  She was troubled.  He was a
millionaire.

    	"Sir, there's a problem.  Can you talk?"

   	 He sat up.  She was really upset about something.  "What's wrong?"

    	Jane sighed.  "Ally's mother threw her out of the house."

    	"What!?" he exclaimed.  "What the hell for?"

    	"When Ally didn't come home on Saturday night, her mother got pissed
even though Ally left her a message saying that she wouldn't be home.  Her
mother went ballistic on her when she got home from class.  Apparently she took
a half day just to be home before Ally left for her first job.  I didn't get too
many details, but she threw Ally out with pretty much the clothes on her back
and her school books.  I'm on my way to get her now."

    	What the fuck was going on here, Ken wondered.  He knew from Ally's
memories that her mother was strict, but this was ridiculous.  "All right," he
said, "Where are you taking her?"

    	"I thought back to the house, unless you don't want her there?"  Jane's
voice was a little worried.

    	"No, that's perfectly fine," he reassured her.  "I'll meet you there."

    	"Master, she doesn't have anywhere to live." Jane sounded very upset.

    	"I'm sure that we'll be able to work something out for her," he said. 
Then he grinned.  They were rich, this would be no problem.  "Trust me on this,
helping her isn't going to be a problem."

    	Jane heard the change in his voice, "Master, is there something I should
know?  I can ... feel that something's going on."

    	"Indeed there is, my love.  But don't worry.  It's good stuff.  We can
talk about it after we get Ally settled tonight."

    	"You're going to make me wait, aren't you?" Jane said, a smile in her
voice.

    	"Yup." he replied.  "See you at the house."

    	She gave a submissive's long suffering sigh and hung up.  Ken started
the car and headed home.

    	Once he was home, he found he was pretty antsy.  He was worth a lot of
money, but no way had it really penetrated his skull.  He couldn't wrap his
brain around it and found it amusing that it seemed easier to accept becoming
the Avatar of a sex Goddess then to accept 170 million dollars in his bank
account.  Of course, it wasn't in his account yet, and once all was said and
done it wouldn't be 170 million.  But it was more than enough for him and Jane
to live in a very nice style.  It was also enough to begin to establish the
church for Lea, and that was a very good thing.

    	Jane arrived about an hour later with a pale faced, teary eyed Ally in
tow.

    	Ken pulled her into his arms and hugged her.  Jane joined the hug and
Ally burst into tears again.  They led her to the couch and let her cry herself
out.  Jane got up and got some tissues, a cold washcloth and some water.

    	"Sweetie," said Jane, "do you want to tell us what happened?"

    	Ally was still upset, but had calmed a little.  She sighed and leaned
back against the couch.

    	"I'm really sorry," she said.  "You guys must think I'm a real baby."

    	"Everyone gets upset Ally," said Ken.  "Why don't you tell us what
happened?"

    	Ally began to speak.  "Well, after I left you guys, I went in to work. 
I knew that Mom was going to be pissed at me because I was supposed to be home
for church on Sunday morning.  She always makes Tina and I go. Oh yeah, Tina's
my sister - she just turned 15.  Anyway, I knew she was going to be pissed, but
I had to work and I'd been with you all night, which I didn't want to tell her. 
When I got home after work, it was pretty late and Mom was already in bed.  She
goes to bed really early.  Tina wanted to know where I'd been.  Obviously I
couldn't tell her, so I just said I'd been with friends.  I think she knew it
was something more, but I told her I had a lot of home work to do and couldn't
talk.  Tina's really cool, so after warning me about Mom, she let me alone."

    	Ken, who was following Ally's emotions knew that Ally thought Tina was a
lot more than really cool.  She loved her sister a lot.  She also was intensely
attracted to her sexually, but had never let her know it - for obvious reasons.

    	"Anyway, Mom was gone when I left for school and when I got home she
totally went off on me.  Screaming and yelling calling me all kinds of names. 
When I wouldn't tell her where I'd been, she started to go all biblical on me. 
She's a total bible thumper and since I wouldn't tell her where I'd been, she
assumed that I'd spent the night with a guy."  Ally leaned her head back on the
couch.  "Shit, if she only knew what I'd really been doing, she'd have had a
heart attack.  Anyway, she threw me out.  All I could get were my books for
school.  She wouldn't even let me get my clothes.

    	"Because I  went to collage early, most of my friends are still in high
school.  I don't know anyone at school well enough to stay with."

    	Ken could feel that Ally was about to burst into tears again.  "Ally,"
Jane said quickly, "don't worry about a place to stay.  You can use my
apartment.  I just moved out of it - well mostly out of it anyway, and I won't
need it."  Jane looked at Ken who nodded, "Or you can stay here with us.  It's a
small place, but it won't be a problem."

    	Tears had started to run down Ally's face again.  "Thank, but it isn't
just the place to live.  The jobs I work only pay for tuition!  I don't even
have a fuckin' car - it's hers.  Tina might be able to smuggle some clothes out
of the house, but I'll have to drop my classes if I wanna be able to pay rent,
never mind eating or anything else."  She closed her eyes.

    	"Ally," said Ken.  He really wanted her to calm down.  He could feel how
upset she was, and rightfully so, but he needed her to understand that they
could help her.  Surprisingly, she did calm down, her breathing eased and she
stopped sobbing.

    	"Listen Ally," he continued, "this is not a problem.  Or rather, it's a
problem that we will be able to help you with."

   	"But you don't understand, I don't have money to..."

    	"Ally," Ken said gently, "I'm telling you it's not a problem."  She
looked at him.  "Really," he continued, "it isn't.  You won't have to drop
school and you'll have a place to stay, I promise."

    	Ally looked at him and he felt the dread in her stomach.  She was
wondering if Ken was suggesting that they'd pay her for sex - which made her
feel like a real whore.

    	Ken shook his head.  "Let me ask you something:  Did you enjoy your time
with us on Saturday and Sunday?"

    	The girl turned red.  Yup, she was thinking, they were gonna turn her
into a whore.  Still, she nodded.  "Yes," she said in a quiet voice.

    	"Good.  Because Jane and I would like very much for that to continue. 
However, what happened the other night has absolutely nothing to do with our
offer of a place to stay.  Nothing.  If you decide here and now that you don't
want to have sex with us ever again, we'll still put you up in Jane's apartment
- alone, and we'll still help you get on your feet."  Ally started.  How had he
known what she was thinking?

    	"Why would you do something like that?" she asked.

    	Ken sighed.  "Because we can.  Don't misunderstand me.  Jane and I value
every second of the time we spent with you this weekend.  We really loved it and
we really like you.  A lot.  But we're not about to make giving you a hand
contingent or whether you sleep with us or not.  That's bullshit.  We'd have no
respect for ourselves if we did something like that.  And the relationship that
we're developing with you - if you want one with us, is too important to us to
play those kinds of games."

    	Ally was shocked.  They really wanted her?  Enough to help her and not
make her feel like she was trading sex for their help?  He saw her realize that
he was telling the truth.  Somehow, she knew he wasn't lying.

    	"I... I'll pay you," she said.  "I'll give you as much as I can, every
week - I promise."

    	"I'm sure we'll be able to work something out," replied Ken.  Ally, he
knew, was thinking about how she could start a third job.  If she dropped just
one class, she'd have the money from that, and be able to ...

    	"Ally," said Ken.  "School comes first.  Not work.  Don't go dropping
classes just to try and pay us.  We don' t need the money."

    	Jane gave him a raised eyebrow at that comment.  They did need the
money, especially if they were going to get a bigger house.  He could feel her
curiosity peeking, but ignored her.  Ally however, was looking a bit uncertain. 
Every time she started worrying about something, he would say something to
counter what she was thinking.  She hadn't been planning on telling them about
dropping a class.

    	"Are you hungry?" Ken asked.  Ally was a sharp girl.  Very sharp.  And
he didn't want her fixating on how he seemed to be reading her mind.  She might
start to think about other things - especially concerning what had happened over
the weekend.  She wasn't ready for the answers, but Ken had a feeling that she
would be, fairly soon.  Hmmm.  He detected the hand of a Goddess here...
   
	The two women were definitely hungry.  There wasn't much in the way of
food in the house, but Ken did have some pasta and some sauce.  Asking Jane to
begin cooking, he called and arranged for a rental car for himself.  He figured
Ally could use his car until he bought another one - and he would be buying
another one, most likely tomorrow.  The rental was just in case he couldn't get
the car tomorrow.  Jane glanced at him again, wondering what the hell was going
on as she felt the warm happiness that flooded him when he realized that he was
free.  He, no they, could live how ever they wanted.
	
	The evening passed swiftly and was quite pleasant.  Ally was a wonderful
girl, but they knew that already, and Ken suspected she was even brighter than
he'd originally thought.  Jane was dying to know what Ken was hiding, but he
didn't want to discuss their change in status in front of Ally.  Not yet,
anyway.
	
	"Ally," said Ken once it started getting late, "where would you like to
sleep tonight?  You can crash here, if you'd like, or you can take my car and go
to Jane's if you'd like some time alone."
	
	"I guess it depends on where I could get a bus or cab from.  I don't
know the bus routes, and if Jane's place is closer to school, it'll cost less
for a cab," she replied. 
	
	Ken noticed that she was avoiding the issue of where she wanted to
sleep.  He also knew that she really, really wanted to stay with them.  He was
surprised when he read what she really wanted from them, but didn't figure that
bringing it up was a good idea. 
   
    	"Ally, you can have my car for tomorrow..." he raised his hand as she
started to protest, "...I've already arranged for a rental for myself, so don't
argue."
   
    	"But I can't..."
   
    	"Ally," came Jane's voice.  "remember what we talked about?"
   
    	Ally looked a little startled.  "Yes," she said in a soft voice.
   
    	"Well, this is one of those times that you should just obey."
   
    	Now it was Ken's turn to be surprised.  What the hell had they been
talking about in the kitchen?  When he cocked an eyebrow at Jane, she just
smirked, but said nothing.  Ken could have read her, but decided not to.  It
seemed she wanted it that way.
   
     	"Well," said Ken, "now that that's settled - what ever that was," he
said eyeing Jane, "let me give you the keys."
	
	He pulled them off the ring and tossed them to her.   "If you want to
stay here, I'll give you a key to the back door.  Jane has the only other full
set of keys to the house."
	
	"Thank you Sir."
	
	Ken looked sharply at Ally, watching Jane out of the corner of his eye. 
Yup - something was going on here.  But it wouldn't be any fun to just read it
from them.  That'd be like sneaking a peek at a present before it was wrapped.

	The topic of where Ally was spending the night was carefully avoided as
they cleaned up.  By that time, Jane could no longer stand the suspense of what
Ken was keeping from her.  If he ordered her to drop the subject, then she
would, but he hadn't - he'd just kept teasing her, so she took matters into her
own hands.
	
	"Master," she said, "could you please excuse us for a minute?"
	
	Her use of the word Master, got his attention.  It got Ally's too.  He
just nodded and left the kitchen.
	
	A minute later, a naked Ally was lead by Jane into the bedroom.  Ken's
eyebrows climbed.  This was too good, but still he refused to read either one of
them.  Well, their thoughts anyway.  Feelings of lust were growing in the two
women by leaps and bounds.  They spiked fairly sharply a few minutes later -
even though Ken could tell there'd been no orgasms, then Jane exited the bedroom
and went into the laundry room.  He heard the washer start, then she came into
the room and knelt at his feet.  She looked at him expectantly.
	
	Deciding to keep her in suspense just a little longer, he picked up the
phone and dialed his boss' number.
	
	"Hello, Helen" he said when the voicemail answered, "this is Ken.  I'm
afraid that I won't be in tomorrow, and, in fact, I'll be taking the balance of
my vacation starting tomorrow.  I'll be in contact with you when my vacation is
over.  You have my home number if something comes up. "  He hung up the phone.
	
	If she'd been the cat she so often reminded him of, currently his pant
leg would be in shreds.  Ken was really enjoying this.
	
	"What did you do to Ally?" he asked.  The amount of sexual excitement
coming from the bedroom was steadily growing.
	
	"I settled the question of where she was sleeping tonight," answered
Jane simply.  There was something going on between the two of them, that was for
sure.  Still, Ken kept himself out of their thoughts.
	
	"Oh?"
	
     	Jane, seeing that she wasn't going to find out what he wanted to tell
her until this was satisfied, shrugged.  "She was... uneasy about her place with
us.  She's a born slave - one who's rapidly developing a taste for strict
bondage.  I decided to give her a little taste of it."  Jane paused.  "I like
this... power, or whatever you call it.  I'd never leave someone unattended
while they were bound.  But I'll know instantly if she's in any trouble."
    
     "Yes, that is a very good thing.  So what did you do to her?"
    
     	"She's in a hog tie.  A pretty strict one, actually.  And I put one of
those remote control eggs in her pussy."  She grinned holding out the control
that she'd been palming.  "Would you like this Master?  She seems to enjoy it a
lot.  See?"  Jane pushed the slide control to max and Ken felt a tide of lust
flow from the bedroom.  He allowed himself to dip into Ally's thoughts and
feelings for just a moment.
    
     	She was uncomfortable - Jane had put her in a very strict position for a
novice.  Jane had also eaten her briefly to get her a little wet, while
viciously pulling and pinching her sensitive nipples.  That had started the girl
off.  Once the large egg was inside her, Jane arranged it to push slightly
against her G spot and turned it on while she bound her.  Ally totally
surrendered herself to Jane's ropes, relaxing into the bondage and enjoying the
sensual tightness that restricted her movement.  She'd finished off by gagging
Ally with a pair of her panties - the one's she'd been wearing all day.  Jane
creamed a lot when she got excited and the panties were stiff with her juices.
    
     	He pulled back and looked at Jane.  She was smiling, her nipples were
hard and he could see that her cunt lips were beginning to swell.
    
     	"I think she likes the panty gag.  I peed in them just a little before I
pushed them in her mouth.  I made sure that she knew it, too,"  Jane's eyes were
dilated now and she was getting very aroused.  Ken knew that she wished it was
her that was in Ally's place - with perhaps the addition of the bottoms of her
feet being kissed with the cane or crop.
    
     	"Well, my dear, I can either give you my news now, or I can wait until
after you've been properly fucked."  His cock was quite hard at the moment and
he wanted relief.  The thought crossed his mind that soon he'd be fucking Jane's
ass.  She'd like that and if Lea was correct about their healing abilities, she
wouldn't sustain any lasting damage.
    
     	"Can we do both?" she asked, grinning.
    
     	"I suppose," he said, grinning.  "Would you care to have a seat?"  Ken
removed his cock from his pants, and Jane stood, straddled him and quickly sank
to the hilt.  She moaned in pain and pleasure as his thick rod forced the walls
of her tight cunt wide - she'd given herself no time to adjust and his hardness
and her wetness had allowed easy entrance.
    
     	After she was seated, Ken had her rotate her hips while he pulled and
twisted her nipple bars.  Finally, he had her slowly rise up and down on his
shaft, using only her legs.  He made her move very slowly and each time she sank
onto his shaft, he pushed the slide control to increase the speed of the egg. 
As she rose, he reduced it.  Ken grinned, loving the fact that he was driving
not one, but two women crazy with lust.
    
     	Once Jane was suitably worked up, he began to tell her about the
lottery.  She was so shocked that she lost her control and just sat on his cock.
    
     	"You're kidding," she said.
    
     	"Nope.  And you've earned a whipping for stopping without me telling you
to."  She grinned and he continued. "A whipping without an orgasm at the end."
    
     	"Yes Master"  From the increase in her lubrication, it was obvious that
it wasn't going to be much of a punishment.
    
     	After she rode them to a climax, she pulled off, quickly closing her
legs to keep his cum from escaping.  Ally, he knew, would be tending to that
soon.
    
     	For the next hour, while Ally suffered in the other room, Ken laid out
his plan for what to do with the money.  Jane objected when he said he was
putting some directly in her name, but he was firm.  They both agreed that
they'd need a really good finance man to help them make even more money with
this.  They planned to spend a lot of it, but there was no doubt that they'd be
finding ways to make the system work for them - for once.
    
     	Finally, it was time for bed, where their bound and very frustrated
slave was awaiting them.  Or rather, as Jane put it, Ken's bound and frustrated
trainee.  He was hard again thinking about using her a bit before sleep.  There
was no doubt that she needed the relief and he wanted to ensure she'd sleep well
enough to keep from having nightmares.
    
     End part 13

    Hello folks.  Just thought I'd mention that, having never won the lottery, I
have only a small idea of how all the finance stuff works.  I did a little
research, but I know I'm playing fast and loose with the rules.




Avatar

Part 14

      	Ally heard them come into the room, but couldn't do anything about it. 
The bedroom smelled strongly of her musk and Ken could see there was a puddle
under her cunt.
     
      	Jane removed the gag and quickly sat in front of the girl, pushing her
gooey sex into Ally's mouth.  From the look on Jane's face, Ally was very
vigorous with her attentions, and soon Jane was humping away, having had all
their cum sucked from her tunnel.  Ally was learning how to please Jane very
quickly and it wasn't long before Jane was begging Ken with her eyes for an
orgasm.  Ken shook his head and motioned her to help him untie Ally.
     
      	Once the teen was released, they put her on her back and Ken eased into
her.  She was pretty tight, but soon accepted his girth.  Jane sat on her face,
roughly pinching and pulling her nipples while Ken fucked her and played with
her clit.  They brought her to a screaming orgasm, then another.  After the
fifth one, Ken allowed Jane an orgasm and finally, he came, this time jetting
copious amounts of sperm over Ally's flat chest.  Jane got off her face and
licked the cum up, feeding it to the exhausted teen with kisses.
     
      	They were all asleep not long afterwards.  When Ken opened his eyes, he
and Jane were in the living room where he'd dedicated himself to Lea.
     
      	Jane went immediately to her knees in front of her Master and Mistress. 
Lea kissed Ken - an almost heart stopping event, then kissed Jane.
     
      	"Mmm," she said, "this girl, Ally, she tastes good on your lips.  What
are you planning for her?"
     
      	"What do you mean?" asked Ken.
     
      	"She would make a good priestess.  She could be the first to dedicate to
me through you and Jane," replied the Goddess.
     
     	 "Is that what you want?" asked Ken.
     
      	"The question is: what do you think?  You, as my Avatar, will need to
make these decisions," she replied.
     
      	Ken thought for a minute.  "I don't know if her background will allow
that.  Before today, I would have said absolutely, but now... "

	"Master," piped up Jane, "I think we should give her more credit than
that."  Ken looked at her. "Well, I think if her upbringing was going to be that
much of a problem, she wouldn't have come to us.  I mean, she took comfort from
what I, we, did to her tonight pretty much the same way I would in a situation
like that.  She wasn't there to have 'I'll show you just how bad I can be' sex. 
What we did with her made her feel accepted.  Safe."

	Ken was silent for a minute, then nodded.  "You're right.  I still think
that we should go a little slowly with her."

	Jane nodded.

	"So Kenneth," smiled Lea, "what do you think of my gift?"

	Ken chuckled, "Which one?"

	"The money, of course," she replied.  "You'll be doing important work -
my work.  I couldn't have your attention taken by having to work at such a poor
job." She was grinning widely.
	
	"I think that I'm going to really like it.  That kind of money will last
Jane and I the rest of our lives," replied Ken.
	
	Lea looked at him with a strange smile on her face.  Ken was beginning
to recognize that look.  It meant she was hiding something from him. 
	
	Her expression changed to something much more serious.  "Kenneth, the
money will help, yes, but you are going to need more than just what you have." 
She paused.  "The world has become a very different place since... well it
doesn't matter.  You must gather the finest craftsmen available and form the
most solid, protected structure of followers you can.
	
	"The last large groups of my followers were slaughtered about 2000 years
ago.  I was greatly diminished by that and I have learned much since then.  In
the past, I wanted my people to just love one another, to take joy from
themselves and the acts of passion between one another.  I didn't like violence. 
I believed that if we were a threat to no one, no one would have a reason to
hurt us.  I was wrong.  My followers paid the price as, over the years, they
were hunted down and killed.  Burned, tortured, drowned."
	
	She paused for a moment.  Ken had never seen her so serious.  "That will
not happen this time," she said looking at him.  "As my Avatar, you are charged
with the protection of my followers."
	
	For the first time in Her presence, Ken felt dread.  He paled as he
realized what She must mean.
	
	"Lea, this... I don't know that I can do this."
	
	She smiled sadly and lay her hand on his cheek, "You can do it.  You
have done it.  Soon you will have to overcome your past and reclaim what you
once were."  She leaned back.  "Always my people tried to gather the most
talented of your people to celebrate us.   You will do so again, but now some of
those craftsmen will be of a different sort.  Those with great financial acumen,
those with political connections, skills in the sciences, especially these
computers that you are so fond of, musicians, artists - any who are intelligent
and will accept our way of life.  And, for the first time, those that know how
to defend themselves in this new world will be among my followers."
	
	Again she looked at Ken, pulling him into her arms.  There, he found
forgetfulness of the past, if only for a moment.  "Do not fear Kenneth.  You are
equal to the task.  For now, enjoy the money, establish yourselves.  Begin to
attract those who are talented, open minded and full of love and have them
dedicate to me through you and Jane."
	
	They sat in silence for a moment, then Jane shifted a bit.  Lea looked
up and said, "You have questions."
	
	Jane looked at the floor, obviously thinking, and said, "Yes Mistress." 
Another pause, "We were wondering why it is that our sense of smell seems to be
getting stronger."  Ken somehow knew that wasn't what she was going to ask. 
Still, it was a good question.
	
	Ken pulled away to look at Lea.  "Yes," she said, "you will find that
your senses, smell among them, are becoming more acute.  The sense of smell is
important.  Humans forget that they are still animals.  Animals depend on scent
to find and attract mates; sight as well.  But with humans, sight is relied on
so much that you have mostly forgotten scent.  Your bodies are changing and
scent will play a big part in attracting people to you and you to them.  Most
people won't realize why they are interested in you since they won't have your
advantages.  But they will be attracted to you - even if they do not know why."
	
	Ken frowned.  "If my sense of smell is getting better, then I should be
able to smell better across the board.  I haven't noticed that to be the case."
	
	"It is specialized.  You would not find the scent of another man
attractive, so you don't notice it.  Jane, however, notices both men and women. 
Now, enough for one evening.  Kiss me, then go and enjoy yourselves."
	
	Ken stood and gathered Lea into his arms.  Jane stood as well and they
kissed. 
	
	It was morning when Ken opened his eyes.  The alarm was beeping, which
woke him up.  Jane, of course, continued to sleep right through it, as did Ally. 
Ken reached over and turned it off, then gently woke up Jane.  Ally murmured as
they left the bed, but Ken pulled the sheet around her and she drifted back to
sleep.
	
	While he made coffee and Jane grabbed breakfast, they began to map out
what they were going to do. 
	
	"I think I'll finish out at least the week at work," said Jane.  "There
are a few things I'd like to complete before I go.  I'll turn in my notice
today, though."
	
	Ken told her what he'd seen in Helen's thoughts and said, "I have no
intention of going back.  Do me a favor and grab my coffee cup from my cube on
your way out today, will you?"
	
	Jane looked at him.  "You're kidding.  You want that old piece of crud? 
When was the last time you washed it?"
	
	"That's not the point," he said with false offence.  "It has sentimental
value."
	
	"Um, Yes Sir.  Whatever you say Sir."
	
	They grinned and Jane got up to take a shower.  Ally was still dead to
the world when she gathered up some clothing and dressed in the living room. 
Ken wished there was more time - watching her put on her clothes made him think
of how much he'd like to remove them.
	
	"That's OK Sir," she said.  "I'm sure you'll be able to convince Ally to
help you with any problems.  Of course, if you really want me, you know that
I'll strip so that you can use me."
	
	"No dear," he replied.  "If you don't go now, it could be hours before I
want to let you out of my sight."  Her parting kiss left him with no doubt about
how she felt.  It also left him with a thick hard-on.  He headed for the
bedroom.
	
	Ally sprawled on her stomach, her flame colored, wavy hair spreading
over her back and the pillows.  She'd kicked the sheet off and her pale skin
glinted in the dim light.  Ken wondered what time she had to get up for class. 
Well, no time like the present to find out.
	
	He lay down beside her and began to gently kiss her lower back.  After
several kisses, he detected an increase in her breathing.  He could feel arousal
slowly seeping into her belly.  When she began to wake a little more, he started
running his tongue down the crack of her ass.  He didn't push in between; he
just enjoyed the taste of her skin and the musky smell rising from between her
slightly spread legs.
	
	It wasn't long before she was fully awake, and very aroused.  She spread
her legs for him, and he ran a finger over her lower lips.  He teased her,
dipping it slightly into the wetness she was producing and spreading the
moisture along her smooth cunt.  She moaned softly when he touched her clit at
the same time he touched the tip of his tongue to her back hole.  Soon, he had a
finger in her pussy and had penetrated her other hole just slightly with his
tongue.  Ally was raising her hips, totally losing herself in the sensations.
	
	He knew she had a full bladder and that she really enjoyed that feeling. 
His fingers entered her pussy while his thumb pressed her clit.  She groaned and
he felt her tunnel contract with a small orgasm.  He removed his fingers,
repositioned himself and began sliding his cock into her.  Even as wet as she
was, it took several tries to fully enter her.  Once he was inside, he had her
lick her juices off his fingers, then started pumping into her.  He brought her
to another orgasm, then spewed his own cum deep into her body.
	
	Once he pulled out, she quickly rolled over and took his cock in her
mouth, gently licking and sucking their cum.  Of course, he got hard again
pretty quickly.
	
	"Wow," she said.  "I thought guys were supposed to take a while to get
hard after they cum."
	
	"What can I say," he replied as she ran her small hand up and down his
saliva covered shaft, "I find you very inspiring."
	
	She grinned, then said, "But this weekend you had sex with both Jane and
me, and you came a lot of times.  How do you do that?"
	
	He looked at her and said, "Well, I could tell you, but it's a secret."
	
	She giggled, thinking he was joking - which was how he meant her to take
the comment.  Then she grew serious.  "Sir, please tell me the truth:  You're
not taking any drugs to make you cum more, are you?"
	
	"I can honestly say," said Ken rolling onto his back, grabbing her waist
and pulling her onto his cock, "that there are no drugs involved."  They groaned
as he slid home.  "In fact," he continued, "drugs are the one thing that I have
absolutely no patience with at all."
	
	She rotated her hips, giving him breathless agreement.
	
	"Put your hands behind your head," said Ken as Ally began shifting on
his cock.  She complied and he admired the sight of her red hair flowing over
her pale skin.  Sweat was beginning to form on her body as she worked herself
toward another orgasm.  He roughly pinched and pulled her nipples, drawing a
guttural groan from the teen, then noticed that Jane and left a wide bladed crop
sitting on the night table.  Ally's eyes widened as he reached over and got it. 
	
	"Don't move your hands," he said.
	
	"Yes Sir," she said eyeing the crop nervously.  Interestingly he felt
her desire rise with her fear.
	
	While he rubbed her clit, he began taping the head of the crop on her
chest.  She moaned and closed her eyes, her breath deepening.  He began to use
it harder, sharply striking her nipples and slight breasts as she rode him. 
Ally was really enjoying it.  The sting from her nipples slammed straight into
her clit and she moved faster on his cock.  Finally, she came, uttering high
squeaking noises when he increased how hard he was hitting her nipples and
pressed on her bladder with his hand.
	
	He knew that the effort of not losing control of her bladder somehow
made her cum even harder.  But the stinging in her nipples caused her to relax
that control- just a bit - when she came.  He flooded her cunt with cum, again,
and that made her enjoy her orgasm even more.
	
	Once finished, he allowed her to lower her hands, then made her squat
over his cock and squeeze out the cum in her cunt.  Of course, she cleaned him
up with her tongue, enjoying their taste, especially combined with the sharp
taste of her pee.  Ally, Ken marveled, was *really* into water sports.
	
	He allowed her to shower first, then he jumped in and washed off.  She
now had about two hours before class.
	
	"Ally," he said as she ate breakfast, "I thought I'd just leave you with
the car today.  But would you mind dropping me off somewhere?"
	
	"No Sir.  But if you want, I can just take a cab..."
	
	"No dear.  That's not necessary at all.  It's just a waste of money."
	
	They talked as she drove him to a nearby BMW dealership.  "When you need
to go back to the house, just let yourself in the back with that key.  I'll get
you a full set today, or if you want to stay at Jane's apartment, we'll get you
keys to that."
	
	She looked at him and said, "I guess I should stay at the apartment."
	
	"If that's what makes you comfortable.  Quite frankly, Jane and I would
rather have you with us, but only if you're OK with that."
	
	She thought for a minute.  "You guys don't have a normal relationship,
do you?"
	
	"Not hardly," he replied.  "Does that bother you?"
	
	Again she hesitated before answering.  "I don't think so.  But I don't
really know what your relationship is."
	
	"How about we talk about it over dinner?" he replied.
	
	"I won't be finished at work until after eleven."  She looked at him,
"but my classes don't start until late tomorrow."
	
	"Well, if you'd like, we can talk over dessert."
	
	"Ooo," she said, "I like dessert."
	
	"I'll see you then.  If you need anything, just call."
	
	"OK.  I don't have a cell though, so you might not be able to reach me."
	
	Ken thought for a moment and said, "Here, use mine."  She began to
protest and he said, "Ally, don't worry about it.  If Jane calls, tell her I
lent it to you."
	
	Ally was beginning to recognize the 'Master' tone of voice and didn't
argue.  "Yes Sir."
	
	"Good girl," he said, "you're learning."  He got out of the car and
wandered off into the lot.  Of course, several salesmen descended on him.  Ken,
after just touching their thoughts, politely told each if he wanted to buy
something from them, he'd let them know.  Once he'd narrowed the field of which
car he'd like, he went in search of a salesman he thought he could work with. 
He found a young man who'd just started working there.  He immediate liked the
guy, even though touching his thoughts was difficult.  It was like the magnet
thing again, just with very strong magnets.
	
	Eric was not very happy.  Even though he was a good salesman, he kept
getting pushed out of closing the deals by the other salesmen.  This place had a
serious case of cronyism going on.  He was making barely enough for him and
Sally to get by.  He'd leave here, but jobs were so scarce and with the new baby
they needed the health coverage...
	
	Ken liked Eric immediately.  He was a big, pleasant guy, who really
liked people.  Of course, selling cars wasn't what he wanted to do with his
life, but with all the tech jobs going overseas, this was where he ended up. 
Eric was not your typical geek.  At 6'4", he was powerfully built and worked out
a lot to keep it that way.  Ken approached him and struck up a conversation.
	
	It wasn't long before Eric realized that Ken was going to buy a car, and
wasn't just looking around.  Unfortunately, the other guys realized that as
well, and one of them skillfully maneuvered Ken away from Eric in short order.
	
	"Bob," said Ken, "I'd like you to do me a favor.  Call this number. 
They will verify that I have the cash to buy what I want.  Then we'll talk."
	
	The number had been given to Ken by the lottery office.  They knew that
he'd want to start spending money and they could verify that he'd be good for
it.  Bob was a happy man when he came back - for about thirty seconds.
	
	"Thanks for doing that, Bob," smiled Ken.  Bob, thought Ken, should have
been a used car salesman.  He felt dirty just shaking his hand.  Bob was
anticipating a good sale here - hell, a new lottery winner?  He'd be able to
make a huge commission on this one.  "Now," said Ken as he leaned toward the
man, "I'd like to speak to Eric."
	
	Bob did a double take.  "I'm sure that, as a more experienced salesman,
I'll be able to help you much better..."
	
	"Maybe," said Ken.  "But I would like to deal with Eric."  Bob looked
like he would balk, but Ken leaned back in his chair and said, "I have money to
spend.  I want to deal with Eric.  If I go to your manager, and tell him that I
have money to spend, and that you wouldn't let me deal with the person I want to
and that I'm walking because of it, how do you think he'll take it?"
	
	Bob panicked.  If the manager found out what he and the guys had been
doing to Eric, there'd be hell to pay.  Eric was a nice guy and got the
customers interested - something several of the other salesmen were either too
lazy to do, or just weren't personable enough to do.  They'd been using him and
he hadn't made even the minimum sales commitment.  Bon knew that management was
considering canning the kid.  Too bad, but that was business.  Well, thought
Ken, who'd had no trouble following Bob's thoughts, that was going to end today.
	
	"Uh sure," said Bob.  "I'll get him.  If you don't mind though, I'll
just sit in to make sure that..." I get the commission was what he was thinking
as Ken cut him off.
	
	"I don't think so.  Now, please get Eric for me, before I go speak to
the management before walking out the door."
	
	Bob was, among other things, a coward.  He found Eric quickly and
brought the bemused young man over.

	"Can I help you sir?" he asked.

	Ken glared at Bob and the man went away, finally.  Originally, Ken had
planned to get just a car.  However, when he started to think about the fact
that he might be having several people with him all the time, he decided on an
SUV.  He wasn't happy with that, but he'd be damned if he was gonna be seen
driving a friggen mini-van.  Besides, he could always get something else down
the line.

	"Let's talk about what I want to buy," said Ken.

	"Sure," said Eric.  He was puzzled.  He was sure that Bob had this buy
all sewn up; what was the deal?

	"I'd like to test drive the top of the line X5.  You have one of those
here?"

	"Um, yeah."  Eric was confused.  Was this guy gay?  That wouldn't bother
Eric, but he wondered if he'd fuck up the sale if the guy knew that he wasn't
into men.

	Ken and Eric spent the better part of two hours test driving various
vehicles.  Ken already knew that he as getting the X5 - hell, they even had one
in stock.  But he found Eric to be a likable guy who was in a not too great
spot.  There were several points in the conversation when Ken ensured that he
talked about Jane - which made Eric comfortable enough to talk about his wife
Sally and their new baby Christy.  Sally had left her job as a chef to have the
baby.  Apparently, Sally was a talented girl around 27.  Eric showed off
pictures of his wife and daughter.  Ken was ambivalent toward children, but
Sally was a real looker.  He politely complemented Eric on his family.

	When they finally returned to the dealership and sat down, Eric asked
about financing.  He looked like he was expecting Ken to start haggling.  The
SUV was very expensive - top of the line and had about every extra available.

	"Let me be clear about this Eric," said Ken.  "We're not going to
haggle.  You're going to write up the contract - with the price as is - and then
we'll talk to your finance manager.  Then we'll be done."

	Eric blinked and looked at him.  "Um..."

	"Eric," said Ken, "you're a nice guy.  You have a new family.  Take the
deal because there's not going to be a lot of them walking through the door."

	"Right," said Eric.

	Once the finance manager found out that Ken had access to a lot of
money, he was very, very helpful.   Right after they closed the deal, Ken asked
to speak to the dealership manager.  Wanting to stay on his good side, the
finance manager arranged for that to happen very quickly.  Ken had a quick
conversation praising Eric's help and managed to leave the man with the
impression that he should be keeping a closer eye on some of the older sales
associates.

	Not too long afterward, Ken left in his new X5, heading into town to
find someone to handle his finances.

      	Finding someone to handle the finances wasn't nearly as easy as getting
the car.  Ken spent a number of frustrating hours before giving up and grabbing
some food at a near by cafe.  Lea had said to get someone who was the best and
Ken agreed with that.  But finding someone who would also be comfortable with
the lifestyle he'd be promoting was becoming difficult.   After he ate, he
decided to just sit and rest for a few minutes.  As was his wont, he people, or
rather, girl watched.
     
      	There were a number of fast trackers.  He was absolutely amazed at how
single minded some of these women were - not to mention that their idea of sex
was beyond boring.  Many of them rarely enjoyed sex and some of the older ones
just did it - not more than once a week mind you, to keep their husband in line. 
A few were fucking their way up the chain, but most were just very sedate in
their tastes.  A quiet little orgasm now and then would satisfy them.
     
      	Of course, not everyone was like that.  There were a few adventurous
souls and one or two that got into things even he wouldn't touch.  Bestiality
certainly wasn't his thing, despite the fact that the woman who engaged in it
thought it the perfect solution to her love life.  Scat wasn't his thing either
and there were two women who were into that - both giving the outward appearance
of very conservative business women.
     
      	His revere was interrupted by two women walking up to his table.
     
      	"Excuse me, Mr. Whitestone?" Ken nodded.  "May we sit down for a
moment?"
     
      	Ken held out a hand indicating they should sit and studied the women. 
They were well worth studying, that was for sure.
     
      	"Hello," said the taller one, "My name is Ellen and this is my partner
Kim."
     
      	Ellen looked to be about Jane's height - maybe a little taller, putting
her at close to 5'9".  She was lean and gave the impression that she was a very
fit woman.  Her suit coat was well tailored and nipped tightly at her waist,
something that set off the long legs Ken had noted while she was standing.  It
was difficult to get an idea of her breast size through the jacket, but she
wasn't overly endowed.
     
      	Her partner, Kim, however, was very nicely endowed.  She was maybe 5'4",
with a very nice waist that to Ken's eyes looked almost corset trained.  Her
breasts were very full and he guessed them to be close to a D cup.  It was hard
to tell since she wasn't all that tall.  She had light green eyes and auburn
hair that touched her shoulders.  She was not wearing a jacket and Ken
immediately picked up that there was more than just a working relationship
between them.  He declined to delve deeper until he knew why they were there.
     
      	"How can I help you ladies?" he asked.
     
      	Ellen was nervous, but Ken had no idea why, nor did he think that most
people would pick up on that fact.
     
      	"We understand that you're looking for someone to handle your ...
account."  She made it clear that she didn't want to discuss the fact that he
was a lottery winner right here in the open.  Ken appreciated the discretion. 
"We'd like to offer our services."  She told him the name of their firm.
     
      	Ken frowned.  He'd been there, why hadn't he met these two?  "I see. 
You know I was there this morning, why didn't I meet with you?  I asked for the
most qualified people they had."
     
      	Kim's face flushed - with anger and embarrassment, Ken knew.  Ellen was
just as angry, but hid it better.
     
      	"How can I put this... delicately.  The firm reserves Kim and me for our
more... flamboyant clients."
     
      	Enough was enough.  Ken decided to delve a little deeper to find out
what the deal was here.
     
      	The deal was simple, actually.  Both women were highly dedicated, highly
motivated and highly talented.  They were also a couple and the firm retained
them simply because of that fact.  After all, there were always plenty of
straight people who had those qualities, but this being California, it was a
good idea to have a few 'queers' on the staff to appease the rich 'weirdoes'
without upsetting the rest of the staff.
     
      	Ken was pretty pissed.  He couldn't understand what the big deal was. 
They handled a number of accounts, some bigger than his would be, and they were
beyond competent.
     
      	He leaned back in his chair and looked at them.  Kim looked nervous and
Ellen was wondering if they'd over played their hand.  Then he motioned a waiter
over and ordered drinks for all of them - Pepsi for him, Sprite and a Coke for
them.  The women relaxed, since he wouldn't have done that if he was annoyed
with them.
     
      	"Why don't you tell me what you'd do if you had my account?  Keep in
mind that as one of the Nuevo Riche, I'm going to want a substantial amount of
play money available."
     
      	While the ladies launched into their ideas, Ken did some surface
scanning of their thoughts and feelings.  That told him a fair amount about them
as people.  Listening to their pitch made it clear why they hadn't been
introduced with the other account managers.  They were aggressive and innovative
and not afraid to tell him what the risks with their plans were.  Ken knew
little about this level of finance, but once he touched their thoughts, he knew
they were convinced that they had a winning plan.  He was convinced that they
did too.
     
     	"How about this," he said.  "You go back to the office.  In about a half
hour, I'll be there as well and I'll find a way to ask for you that will keep
the fact that you've approached me like this a secret.  We'll continue our
discussions and do what ever we have to do to start things up."
     
      	Kim looked relieved, but Ellen looked him square in the eye and said,
"Mr. Whitestone, I know that our approaching you like this was unorthodox.  But
I assure you, we've done nothing illegal."
     
      	He grinned and said, "It's 'Ken'.  Look, I'm sure you didn't do anything
illegal.  I'm equally sure that your management wouldn't approve of how you
approached me.  Neither would the people who were hoping I'd pick them to manage
my finances.  Doing it this way might just reduce the amount of grief for
everyone."
     
      	Ellen looked perplexed by his line of reasoning - or rather how he'd
come up with such an accurate assessment of the situation.  Kim, however, looked
at him shrewdly and started to wonder.  Obviously this guy was more than he
seemed.
     
      	Ken refrained from tapping into their thoughts and emotions beyond what
he'd done during the conversation.  He'd discovered a few things about these two
that made them the perfect choice to handle his finances - and perhaps other
things.
     
       	They exchanged contact information and the ladies left for their office. 
Things in the financial world were looking up, he thought.
      
       End part 14
    
My thanks to MWTB for the proofreading asstance.  Of course, I get to claim any
mistakes that were still left because, after all, I was the one who caused them. 
By the way, if you haven't read MWTB's story "Tired of Being the Nice Guy", it's
a really excellent read.  Go Read It!




Avatar

Part 15

      	Trying to speak with Ellen and Kim was almost a repeat of what had
happened at the car dealership.  The man hid it well, but Ken could easily see
past his facade.  He was wondering why Ken wanted to deal with the dykes. 
Perhaps Ken was gay?  There was no ring...
     
      	After running the subtle but substantial management gauntlet that kept
trying to steer him to someone more suitable, Ken was finally ushered in to
Ellen's office.  While it was a nice office, it was clear that Ellen wasn't in
favor with the management.
     
      	Once they were alone, and Kim was called in, Ellen became all business.
By 4 PM everything had been set up.  The transfers, including the money for his
car, working money accounts for him and Jane and investment accounts would occur
the next day.  They agreed to speak tomorrow at noon so that Kim could update
Ken on the state of the transfers.  Once the business was done, Ken decided it
was time to do a little look-see into just what made these two women tick.
     
       	For Ken, time slowed almost to a halt as he skimmed through the sexual
pasts of the women.  He liked what he saw - and there was a great deal to see.
      
       	Ellen and Kim were lesbians - mostly.  They both liked sex with men, but
considered another woman the only suitable partner for a relationship.  Ellen
was dominant, so much so that that odd push back effect that he had with men
occurred with her as well.  Her sexual past was open though and he could see
that not only was she dominant, but she played a very hard game.  She'd love
Jane, he thought.  Kim was her submissive.  She was still in training, as far as
they were concerned, but was coming along nicely.  She wasn't showing it, but
sitting was not a comfortable activity for her at the moment.
      
       	Kim had slept the night at the foot of the bed, wrists and ankles cuffed
together.  When the alarm had gone off this morning, it had only woken her. 
Mainly because it was set on the floor right next to her and the volume was low.
      
       	She'd struggled onto the bed, pulled the blankets to the side with her
teeth and licked her Mistress awake.  Kim had been suffering quite a bit since
she had to pee and eating her Mistress while being so helpless was very arousing
to her.  Ellen had an orgasm, while Kim's body ached from the bowed position she
was in.  Kim didn't care - it reinforced her submissiveness.
      
       	She had been receiving nightly whippings.  Ellen would tie her sub,
tease her close to orgasm, then apply the whip to her ass, tease her more, then
whip her again.  Kim was not allowed an orgasm at night.  In the morning though,
Ellen would put the woman on her hands and knees and arouse her again.  This
time, when Kim was begging to cum, Ellen would use a crop on her ass, hard
enough to welt it thoroughly, while keeping Kim on the edge as long as possible. 
Eventually, Kim would cum, screaming her way threw several orgasms as Ellen
whipped her ass. 
      
       	After several months of this, Kim had started to strongly associate the
whip with her orgasms.  Especially since unless she was being whipped, or had
been whipped very recently, she was either not allowed an orgasm, or was given a
feeble one that was more frustrating rather than fulfilling.  Ellen was very
pleased because this morning had gone so well.
      
       	After she had been eaten to orgasm, Ellen placed Kim, her hands and feet
were still cuffed, kneeling on the bed.  She'd then bent Kim over and pressed
her shoulders on the bed, which pushed her ass in the air.  She pushed opened
Kim's knees which gave her excellent access to the girl's shaved, swollen pussy. 
She'd licked the girl to arouse her, sucking on her clit until it was swollen
and peeking from her hood, then grabbed a cat.  With strong up and down strokes,
she whipped Kim's ass, forming welt after welt on the down strokes.  The
upstrokes all went right between her legs, rasping and stinging her wet, open
pussy.  Ellen managed to get Kim to cum twice like that.  She'd had to help her
to the shower afterward, because she was so weak after the strong orgasms.
      
       	Ken was hard from seeing all this in their minds.  He got it from both
points of view - the Domme training side, and the sub learning to love the whip
side.  Yup.  Kim and Jane had a lot in common and he wondered what it would take
to set up some play time with these two.  He was sure Jane wouldn't have any
problem being topped by Ellen and he knew he'd love to get his hands on Kim.
      
       	As a finale, once they were out of the shower, Ellen had pushed a pretty
large butt plug inside Kim's ass and left it there.  It was still there and Kim
was feeling it.  The pain of her welts however, was keeping her aroused enough
that the constant spreading of her asshole was arousing as well.  All part of
Ellen's plan, Ken saw.
      
       	It had taken less than a minute to scan their sexual activities, but
during that time, both women had become very aroused.  They didn't know why,
they just wanted some action.  Preferably with Ken.  Still, they were
professionals and if Ken noticed Kim's nipples poking through her top and the
fact that he could clearly smell their arousal, he didn't say anything.  They,
in turn, pointedly ignored the large bulge in his pants.
      
       	Ken was pretty tired once he got home.  He smiled thinking how
exhausting spending money could be.  Oh well, he was sure he'd be able to get
used to it.
      
       	There were several messages on the machine.  The first was from Jane
saying that she was going to be a bit late, and the second was from Andrea.  He
smiled thinking about Andrea.  She was a sub that he got together with on
occasion so that they could play.  It had been a while, so she was wondering if
he might be interested in a little play time tonight.
      
       	He called and spoke to her, suggesting they have a little dinner.  She
agreed and they decided on a time.  Since the place was closer to her apartment,
he sort of had to hustle. 
      
       	He wondered while he drove, what it would be like with Andrea.  They'd
played together for almost two years.  She was good, Ken thought, and he'd been
lucky to have her.  But they'd never grown very close.  Ken figured that was
because she just wanted to play the field.
      
       	They met and once they were seated and started talking, Ken began to
worry.  The flow of sexual energy he was coming to associate with compatible
women was almost completely absent.  She was interested in him, but the kind of
feelings that he associated with a compatible sub were just not there.  He
touched her thoughts...
      
       	A minute later he drew back.  He was saddened and just a little angry.
      
       	"Andrea," he said, "I was wondering.  You never told me why it is you
like the scene so much."
      
      	 She looked a little startled.  They'd often done scene negotiation, but
never had much discussion beyond that.
      
       	"You know what I like Ken," she said.
      
       	"I know what you tell me you like, yes.  However, that wasn't what I
asked.  I asked why you like BDSM."
      
       	She frowned.  She didn't want to go there.  She'd had a bad day at work
and just wanted a little relief.
      
       	"Ken, we've been sceneing for almost two years.  You know I'm into it." 
Going for the seduction angle she said, "I'm into you - and I ... can't wait for
that thick cock of yours to be deep into me.  Is Master going to do my ass
tonight?"
      
       	Normally, Ken would have been very interested in her offer.  She was a
skilled sub.  Actually, Ken thought, she was a skilled actress.  Her interest in
the scene was a complete sham - despite how it got her off.  She had no
understanding what so ever what it was all about.
      
      	Andrea thought of him as someone who just liked to abuse women and it
gave her comfort to be abused because her self worth was almost zero.  Plus, she
loathed him because he abused women, which allowed her to reinforce how she felt
about herself - after all, she was letting him abuse her. At the same time she
felt superior to him because he was nothing but a low life that beat women in
his spare time.
     
      	People, Ken realized, could be very complex.  Still, he was angry with
himself for being taken in by her, and disgusted with her because of how she
thought about herself and him.  She'd lied for their entire relationship.  She
didn't have any other lovers.  Just him.  And she certainly didn't consider him
a lover, or a Master.  Just someone to make her feel how she wanted to feel. 
She figured that if the price was catering to his big ego, then that was life.
     
      	Still, he couldn't just come out and say what he knew.  Angry as he was,
he didn't want to hurt her.  Well, he did, but he wasn't going to any more than
necessary.  What he was going to do was end their relationship.
     
      	"No," he said with no change in his voice, "not until you answer my
question."
     
      	Jesus Christ, she thought, how much to I have to stroke this asshole's
ego just for a little play time?
     
      	"You know I like to have you control me."  She smiled, still the
excellent actress.  "I love it when you tie me down and ravage me."  My ass is
going to hurt for a week you fucker, "and it makes me so hot when you tie me
up," since I know the only way you can get off is to practically rape me.
     
      	Ken was having a hard time keeping his composure.  Being able to read
someone's thoughts was definitely a two edged sword.  Oddly enough, being forced
into sex did make her hot.  But the reasons she got off on it were making him
sick.  What she really needed was to hook up with a pure sadist.  Or a very good
physiatrist.
     
      	He'd been hoping to draw her out somehow, to get her angry or even make
her admit she really didn't like BDSM.  But that, he realized, wasn't going to
happen.  She was too good at the game.  So he decided on a different tack.
     
      	"Look Andrea," he sighed, "the reason that I wanted to meet here was
because I have something to tell you."  She looked at him, uncertain.  This was
not in her script for the night.  "I've started seeing someone else.  I'm
sorry."
     
      	The flair of anger coming from her was almost physical.  Interestingly,
he could feel the energy of the emotion, but not absorb it.  It actually felt
pretty uncomfortable since he was so open to it.  Andrea showed only a slight
frown on her face though.
     
      	"Oh.  I thought that, um, you and I were going to get together tonight
though."
     
      	We would have, if you weren't ... well you, Ken thought.  "I know and
I'm sorry.  But things have gone in a very different direction than I thought
they would," and wasn't that an understatement, "so it probably wouldn't be a
good idea."
     
      	She sat still for a second, the blaze of anger growing even higher.  She
wasn't hurt - she didn't care enough about him for his rejection to hurt.  She
was just furious that the release she wanted, needed, was going to be denied to
her.
     
      	"You son of a bitch.  You're breaking up with me," she said.  "What was
all that bullshit you gave me about poly relationships then?  Just a bunch of
talk?  What, you planning on settling down with your cute little wifey sub and
pumping out a bunch of kids while she serves you hand and foot?"
     
      	Now she was getting out of control.  Her comments were revealing her
true nature.
     
      	"You gonna beat her too?  Find someone who's gonna put up with better
than I did?"
     
      	Yup, she was livid now.  Ken figured he could continue to goad her to
make her expose her true thoughts or he could leave, thus avoiding the scene she
was going to generate.  He decided that leaving was the better idea and stood,
pulling out his wallet.
     
      	"Andrea, I think you should give some real thought to why you pretended
to like our relationship.  Why you lied about getting off on BDSM, something
that you don't even understand, and why you lied to me about having other
lovers.  Self worth doesn't come from tricking others into doing something that
you despise them for doing."  She paled, too stunned to respond.  He knew she
was wondering how the hell he'd known.  Ken dropped several twenties on the
table.  "Good bye, Andrea.  I hope you find what you need - because what you
want is pretty fucked up."
     
      	Ken was upset on the drive home.  Very upset.  He'd been duped for two
years by someone he thought he knew.  Two years she'd used him.  Funny, he
thought, if it had been just for the sex that would have been one thing.  But
she really didn't like him - not at all.  She'd just used him to reinforce her
twisted logic about life.  It made him sick and pissed at the same time.  He'd
been so stupid.
     
      	Jane of course, was waiting for him when he got home.  She wasn't naked,
either, and just opened her arms to him after he set down his keys.  They sat in
silence on his couch for close to an hour while Ken worked through his anger and
hurt.  Jane's presence was a balm, soft and comforting.  There was no doubt
about her love for him.  Not when he could feel it so strongly.
     
      	Finally, he told her what had happened with Andrea.  She'd known, of
course, that he was upset, just not why. 
     
      	"I'm sorry Ken," she said.  "There are people like that.  She sounds
like she needs help, but I don't think she's going to get it."
     
      	Ken felt guilty about how he'd handled the entire episode.
     
      	"Now Master," said Jane, "don't go feeling guilty.  You didn't do
anything wrong.  Besides, just because you can read other people's thoughts
doesn't mean you're going to be able to understand why they do the things they
do."
     
      	"Heh," he said, "you're right I guess.  Plus, I'm pretty new to this
mind reading thing.  How is that going for you?"
     
      	"Actually, I can't read thoughts.  I can sense moods, very strongly, in
fact, and of course, sexual feelings can be read.  I can tap into people's
fantasies like you described you can, but I can't actually hear thoughts."  She
smiled, "I guess there are some advantages to being an Avatar."
     
      	"It doesn't disturb you that I can read your thoughts?" he asked.
     
      	"Not really.  It's going to make surprising you a little difficult."
     
      	"Well, it's not like I just go around reading people, you know," he
said.  "Still, it's probably not a good idea for other people to know what I can
do.  In fact, I think that we shouldn't let anyone who's not dedicated to Lea
have any idea what either one of us can do.  I'm sure that the government would
love to get their hands on us."
     
      	Jane, who had many abduction fantasies, was not tempted by that scenario
in the least. 
     
      	Ken told her about the new car, and she jumped up and insisted on seeing
it right away.  She oo'd, and aah'd in all the right places, and Ken could tell
she really did like it.  He mentioned that they should get her something new as
well - an idea she was very happy with.
     
      	They also talked about Ellen and Kim handling the financial end of
things.  He relayed what he knew of their professional abilities and
extracurricular activities.  Jane was delighted and hoped that they'd be able to
bring them in to the Goddess.  Ken said he thought they could, but they'd have
to see.  Meanwhile they'd have to work on getting Ellen and Kim into a position
where a little swapping would be a possibility.  Jane was all for that - a Domme
that got off on whipping a woman to orgasm?  Yum.
     
      	Finally, he told her that when Ally got home she'd been promised dessert
and a discussion on relationships.  Of course, by that time, it was almost time
for her to get home.  Jane decided to run to the store down the street - in the
new X5 or course, to get something appropriate.  Ken smiled and handed her the
second set of keys he'd had made and let her drive.
     
      	They quickly bought the fixens for some ice cream concoctions and a bit
of cake, then headed back.  They moved quickly, but Ken still noticed the number
of looks they got from various people in the store.  He wondered it there was
any way to tone down the effect the pheromones that Lea said they were
producing.  If not, a ride in an elevator might be a very interesting
experience.
     
      	Ally arrived at the house only ten minutes after they did.  She kissed
them both - then kissed them again as she started to react to their presence. 
Ken put together the dessert plate and brought it to the living room while Jane
and Ally talked about Ally's day.  Once they were all comfortable, Ken decided
to get the ball rolling. 
     
      	"So Jane," he said, "Ally seemed a little nervous about staying here
with us.  I think she thinks the place is too small."
     
      	"That's not what I said," said Ally, falling right into the trap.
     
      	"Oh, that's right," smiled Ken, "it was something else."
     
     	 Ally recognized the cue and repeated to Jane her fears of intruding on
their relationship.
     
      	"You won't Ally," said Jane.  "Trust me; we want you to be a part of it,
not separate from it."
     
      	Ally blinked.  "Really?"
     
      	"Yes," said Ken, "But you have to understand what 'it' is."
     
      	She nodded, her eyes interested.
     
      	"Ally, Jane and I have a very unconventional relationship.  Before I
start trying to define something that almost defies explanation, let me ask you
a question:  How many people do you love?"
     
      	"Huh?  I don't know what you mean," replied the girl.
     
      	"Well, how many people.  Your sister?  Other relatives?"
     
      	"Well, I dunno.  A bunch I guess."
     
      	"And how many of those do you have sex with?"
     
      Ally blushed, Ken knew exactly what she was thinking and feeling, but she
gamely answered: "None of them."
     
      	"But you have sex with both Jane and I, right?"
     
      	She nodded.
     
      	"Do you think that you might eventually develop feelings for Jane and/or
I?"
     
      	Ally blushed and looked at the carpet nodding assent.  Ken knew she had
already developed feelings for them.  They were new - like new love - and very
lusty feelings, but they were there.  Over time, given the chance, they'd grow. 
     
      	"How would you feel if we - Jane and I - had sex with another woman?  Or
if maybe Jane had sex with another man?"
     
      	"Wouldn't you be upset if Jane had sex with another man?" countered
Ally, fighting down the anxiety that those thoughts evoked.
     
      	"No."  Ken said.  "In fact, part of our agreement as Master and slave is
that I will, on occasion, give her to someone else."  Ken noted with interest
that Ally's emotions were tinged with anxiety and loss rather than jealousy at
the thought of Jane having sex with someone else.  The teen looked at Jane with
wide eyes.
     
      	"You'd let him do that?" she asked.
     
      	"I was the one who asked for that part of the agreement," said Jane. 
"Things have changed a bit between Ken and me since then, but I like men.  I
don't have to love them to have sex.  Even if I did love another man, it would
not affect how I feel for Ken.  Any more than your love for your sister or
mother would effect how you felt about a husband."
     
      	Ally blushed when Jane said this.  Jane didn't know the exact reason,
but she was beginning to figure it out.
     
      	"What we're trying to say Ally," continued Ken, "Is that Jane and I will
end up having sex, and most likely loving, a number of people.  We don't think
that to love someone, you have to devote all your emotions to them.  True,
finding one partner is hard enough.  Trying to work things out between two
people, let alone three or more, can be very difficult.  But we know it can be
done."  He paused and looked at the girl who was deep in thought.  "That is the
kind of relationship we are talking about.  We think that there are risks, but
that the rewards are far greater.  We'd like to know if you will join us," he
finished.
     
      	Ally was silent.  Her heart and body were pulling her in one direction,
but her mind and her upbringing were screaming all sorts of objections.  Not to
mention that having sex with a lot of people - while it might be fun, was pretty
dangerous in this day and age - never mind the chance of pregnan...
     
      	She looked up at Ken in alarm, both hands going to her mouth.  How could
she have been so stupid!  Both Jane and Ken felt the mental bolt of panic the
girl produced.
     
      	"Oh SHIT!" she said, dropping her head in her hands.
     
      	"What's wrong Ally?" asked Jane sliding close to the girl.  Ken knew. 
He couldn't help but know.  He also couldn't say anything, since if he did,
she'd start to wonder how he'd guessed.
     
      	"Shit, Shit, SHIT!  How could I have been so stupid?" she cried. 
     
      	"Ally," said Ken pitching his voice to get her attention, "tell us
what's wrong."
     
      	She looked at him, fear plain on her face.  "In the... the excitement of
the last few days, I forgot, totally forgot about birth control!  We never used
any and I could be pregnant!"
     
      	"You're not," said Jane firmly.
     
      	"You don't know that," said Ally, "I'm not on the pill or..."
     
      	"Ally," interrupted Jane sharply.  The girl looked up.  "We would never
have taken that chance with you.  Ken will not get you pregnant."
     
      	"You mean he's had a vasectomy?" she asked, relief flooding through her.
     
      	"I mean, that he won't get you pregnant.  You have nothing to fear on
that front."  Jane's voice softened.  "Ally we would never have assumed that you
were on the pill.  We knew you weren't thinking completely clearly," she smiled
and Ally blushed, "and we knew you had nothing to fear.  So we didn't bring it
up."
     
      	"God I feel like such and idiot."
     
      	"Goddess," Ken and Jane corrected together.
     
      	Ally looked at them blankly.  Ken sighed.  "Since we're dragging things
out into the open here, you may as well know.  We don't follow the any religion
you'd be familiar with."
     
      	"I don't understand," she said.  All Ally could think about at the
moment was that she wasn't pregnant.  That was a good thing, to say the least.
     
      	"We don't follow a religion you'd be familiar with.  We follow a Goddess
based religion," replied Jane.
     
      	"Like Pagans or Wicca?"
     
      	"Yes," said Ken, "something like that."  He knew what a Pagan was, in
general terms, but had no idea what the hell Wicca was.  Jane evidently knew
though.  He guessed that he'd ask her to explain later.
     
      	"I figured," said Ally.  "I mean, if you were going to have a religion,
it sure as hell wouldn't be my Mom's."
     
      	They chuckled and Ally asked, "Does this mean I have to convert or
something?"
     
      	Here was an interesting point.  Ken was pretty sure that Ally would be
'converting' in the near future.  And that she'd be a dedicated Priestess not
long after.  But he wasn't going to tell her that.
     
      	"We don't require anyone to convert to anything, Ally," said Ken. "We
are dedicated to a Goddess, but that doesn't mean that you have to be.  If
you're interested, we'll be happy to talk about those beliefs."
     
      	"Oh," she said.
     
      	"It's pretty late," said Ken.  "If you'd like, you can stay here again
tonight, or you can head over to Jane's place.  It's only about 15 minutes from
here.  Take the car for now - don't shake your head dear, I don't need the car
right at the moment."
     
      	Ken knew she wanted to stay.  But she really wanted to sort out what
they had told her and she wouldn't be able to think clearly if she stayed here. 
She could feel her body responding to their presence, aching for their touch. 
It was best if she slept somewhere else tonight so that she could think things
through.  He followed this line of thought with approval.
     
      	"I... please understand, but I think I should stay the night at Jane's. 
I mean, if that's OK, because..."
     
      	Jane put her hand on Ally's shoulder. "It's OK, Ally.  I'm sure you want
to think things over.  I want you to know that you can stay in the apartment as
long as you need to even if you don't want to stay with us."
     
      	"Same goes with the car use," said Ken.  He held up his hand to
forestall any protest.  "Ally, I just got hold of a new car today.  Eventually
I'll trade that one it, but I don't need to right now.  I don't mind if you use
it, and maybe I can eventually give you a deal if you want to buy it from me. 
But for now - until things get sorted out for you, I want you to use it.  Keep
the phone too - they're cheap."
     
      	Tears appeared in her eyes.  "I don't want to leave," she said, "I
don't!"
     
      	"We're not forcing you," said Jane.  "But really - follow your first
instinct.  Get a little separation.  Think things through.  There are no strings
attached to our help, I promise."
     
      	Ally gathered up her things while Jane wrote directions to her
apartment.  Ally's sister had managed to smuggle her some more clothing to her,
so at least she had something.  Jane told her to eat whatever was in the fridge,
it would only go bad otherwise.  Ally hugged them both and left.
     
      	Ken and Jane went to bed and made slow, but intense, love then fell
asleep.
     
      	End Part 15

My thanks to MWTB for the proofreading asstance.  Of course, I get to claim any
mistakes that were still left because, after all, I was the one who caused them. 




Avatar
Part 16

	Ken woke when the alarm went off.  Jane did not.  He wondered how it was
that she usually managed to get to work in the morning, then remembered that she
was rarely in before nine-thirty.  Plus she lived closer than he did, so he
guessed she was used to sleeping in.
     
	The feel of her against his skin was wonderful.  Warm and smooth - he
especially enjoyed the feel of his hard cock nestled between her ass cheeks. 
Her hair covered much of her face, but he managed to uncover a bit of her neck. 
He lightly kissed it, then nibbled a little while stroking the underside of one
breast.  She didn't really wake up until her nipples were hard and her ass was
humping back into his cock.  The hand on her breast drifted between her legs. 
There was a slight feel of stubble over her mons, then he felt the smooth lips
of her vagina.  The lips were slightly damp, but when he parted them, he was
rewarded with the thick evidence of her excitement.  He rubbed her juice over
her clit, now starting to poke out of its hood.
     
	Finally, he touched the inside of her thigh and she immediately lifted
her leg to give him access.  She was incredibly tight and he savored the feel of
her hot sheath while also enjoying the familiar feeling of pain/pleasure she
emitted as he entered her.  He was just amazed that no matter how often he slid
into her, she never loosened up.  He'd figured that after all the fucking they'd
done in the last few days, she would have loosened a little, but nope, she was
as tight as ever.
     
	He slid in and out of her, tweaking her nipples and rubbing her clit. 
He knew she was enjoying herself, but also knew that the stimulus just wasn't
enough to get her off.  She wasn't wired for slow and gentle.
     
	"I wonder," he whispered into her ear, "if I'll be able to get Ellen to
play with you.  She's really hot.  Not quite as tall as you, and I think her
breasts are smaller.  But from Kim's memories, I saw that she really knows how
to use a whip.  Better than me."
     
	Jane groaned.  The images he was evoking in her mind were getting to
her.  "Just imagine," he continued, "We could hang you spread eagled and she
could spend a few hours giving me lessons on the finer points of using a single
tail. "  Jane groaned louder. Ken rolled her so that she was on her hands and
knees and continued to stroke in and out. "Of course, you wouldn't be allowed to
cum - not even with Kim kneeling, her breasts swollen from being tightly bound,
between your legs licking the fat clit of yours."  Jane was humping back into
his cock.  It increased her pain and her pleasure as the thick organ started to
hammer into her.
     
	"While Ellen and I took a break here and there to relax and drink, we'd
have Ally put on a nice set of weighted clamps on your nipples.  Kim would
switch to tongue fucking your asshole when Ally added a clamp to your clit."
     
	"Oh Goddess, Master, ummm... you feel so good.  Mmmm...when are you
going to take your slave's ass?  I want to feel you splitting me open.  I want
you to just fuck me for your pleasure."
     
	She started to whimper as Ken closed his fingers on her fully extended
clit.  He'd wiped his fingers off on the sheet, so they'd be dry enough to get a
good grip on the swollen organ.  Ken would love to have toyed with her more, but
he knew he could make her cum now, so he gave her permission, squeezed her clit
and pushed as deep as he could.  She came, feeling his cock pulsing inside her
while she writhed and moaned.  The energy they created swirled around and was
absorbed back inside them.
     
	Ken sighed and pulled out of her.  She spun and took his semi-hard cock
into her mouth and sucked, being sure to get all their cum.  It was difficult to
keep his dick from getting hard again, but he managed it.  The full bladder
helped.  Finally, they went into the bathroom where she brushed her teeth while
he peed.
     
	"I," he announced, "am going back to sleep for a few hours."
     
	She grinned and nodded.  Ken noticed that she was using his toothbrush
again.
     
	"Didn't you bring your own toothbrush?"
     
	She grinned wider, foaming toothpaste coating her mouth and his
toothbrush.  Ken gave a mock sigh of annoyance and headed back into the bedroom.
     
	Jane was gone when he woke up again.  Ken grabbed a shower and thought
about what to do today while he ate some breakfast.  He jumped on the computer
and printed out some information, then picked up the phone and made a call. 
Once the appointment was made, he got into his BMW and headed out.
     
	His first stop was to replace the cell phone he'd given Ally.  The same
guy was there and looked at him a little strangely when he wanted to add another
phone to his account.  Especially when he upped each plan to the maximum they
offered.  Once that was finished, he called Ally and left a message with his new
number, then called Jane with the same info.  The numbers came easily to his
memory - something that he wondered at.  He had a pretty good memory, but
usually not for strings of numbers.
     
	He also programmed in Ellen and Kim's office numbers and their cell
phone numbers, from memory, then gave Ellen a call.  She told him that
everything was set up and that she had a few more papers for him to sign, having
to do with some investments she wanted to make for him.  She offered to come by
later that evening, but Ken decided he could stop by her office after his
appointment.  It wasn't that he didn't want her to come by, it was more that he
figured that Ally would be around and that she might want to spend some time
with him and Jane.  There'd be time in the future.
     
	He located the real estate office and parked about fifteen minutes early
for the appointment.  The receptionist greeted him warmly.  He noted that the
pull to her was only moderate, but that she still seemed interested in him.  He
wondered if there was anyway to tone down the amount of pheromones he was
putting out.  Brushing her mind showed him that while she was quite attractive,
her interest in sex was only mild.  Well, she was excited at the moment - having
no idea why she was reacting this way to Ken.  She and her fiance were quite
happy together and... Ken broke off.  While he was getting better at it, he
still tended to slip into people's heads.  She smiled and looked up as she set
down the phone.

	"Joan will be with you in just a minute," she said.

	Ken nodded and went to sit down.
     
	The woman who greeted him as she walked into the reception area was
coolly professional.
     
	"Mr. Whitestone," she said, extending her hand, "Joan Deckheart.  Nice
to meet you."
     
	"And you as well," said Ken taking the hand.  It was cool to the touch
and her handshake was firm.  Ken approved.  "Just Ken will do though."
     
	She smiled and replied, "Joan, then."
     
	Ken took a good look at the woman.  Smartly dressed in a fashionably
short skirt and a tailored jacket, she was a fit woman who looked to be in her
early forties.  Ken felt a pretty strong pull from her, but wanted to keep
focused on the matter at hand.
     
	They walked to her office and sat down.
     
	"Before we get started Ken, perhaps we should discuss what level of
property you are in the market for," she said with a pat smile.
     
	Ken smiled back.  It was a fair question.  Joan only dealt with high end
clients, selling and buying real estate valued in the millions.  It would be a
waste of her time if Ken couldn't afford what she had to offer.  He didn't think
that in a polo shirt and jeans he fit the profile she was used to dealing with. 
He pulled out one of the cards that Ellen had given him and handed it to Joan.
     
	"I'm sure if you contact this lady, she'll be able to help with that
question," he replied, not the least bit offended.  Joan's time was valuable and
the only reason she'd agreed to see him was because it had been a slow week. 
Her eyebrows rose when she saw the name of the firm listed on the card. 
     
	She hung up the phone a few minutes later and looked at Ken rather
sheepishly.  "I'm sorry Mr. Whitestone.  You understand that it avoids wasted
time on all sides if we have an idea what we'll be working with."
     
	"I understand completely.  And it's Ken.  Really."
     
	Joan was getting flustered, which annoyed her.  She didn't fluster
easily, but for some reason, her pussy had started to flood, she couldn't seem
to concentrate and she really should have known better than to judge someone's
money by how they looked.  Some of her clients weren't the most well groomed
people, despite their money.  And some of them only kept coming back to hit on
her.  Why couldn't this guy hit on her?
     
	Ken pulled away from Joan's thoughts.  He unfolded the printout from the
house and handed it to her.  "Would it be possible to see this place?"
     
	Joan looked at the paper, then pulled up the information on her laptop. 
She frowned.  How odd.  The place hadn't been shown at all.  It wasn't just the
price tag.  It had been on the market since last week and was ready to go.  But
not one person had shown it.  Ken followed this thought.  Hmmm.  One week, huh? 
Gee, what a coincidence.  The faint impression of glee in the back of his head
confirmed his suspicions.
     
	She knew Ken could afford it, but she was nervous about why it hadn't
been shown.
     
	"I'm sure that we can go see it," she said.  "It'll just take me a few
minutes to get all the information we need though.  Would you care for something
to drink?"  Preferably in my bedroom.  Joan shook her head.  This was getting
out of hand.
     
	Ken wished he could help her.  He had no idea what to do to reduce the
effect of the chemicals his body was producing, besides which, he suspected it
wasn't just chemical.
     
	"Thank you, no.  But if you could point me to the restroom?"  He wanted
her to concentrate on the real-estate, not him.  Perhaps if he left the room it
would help.
     
	She pointed the direction, then dove into the computer.  Ken made sure
to take some time, then wandered back into her office.  She was absorbed in the
information on the mansion that Ken was interested in.  Apparently the place had
been owned by a very eccentric old man who'd died over a month ago.  There'd
been a stipulation in his will stating that the place couldn't go on the market
until last week, and that it couldn't be shown until yesterday, at the earliest. 
Joan was getting very confused.  And horny.  Very horny. Which pissed off the
professional side of her.
    
	"OK, Ken, I have what we need.  Would you like to follow me or shall I
drive."  Or, you could drive ... me.  Ken heard the thought.  She was really
going nuts, but he couldn't do anything to help that.  "If I drive we can talk
about various options and perhaps some other properties."
     
	Ken had been about to suggest he follow her, but since she'd indicated
the need to talk, he figured he'd humor her.
     
	"I'll come with you, if that's OK."
     
	With me, on me, in me, whatever, she thought.  "That'd be fine," she
said grabbing her keys and heading for the door.
     
	Someone without Ken's abilities would have missed her arousal, but her
scent gave it away to him.  As did her thoughts.  Her top was thick enough to
hide her nipples but her small, brown buds were stiff with excitement.  She
hadn't felt this way in years!
     
	The drive was pleasant.  Joan had a nice new Lexus and Ken did
everything he could to keep out of her head.  He wasn't sure what would happen
if she zoned out while he spun her fantasies, but since she was driving, he was
sure it wouldn't be good.
     
	They found an actual gate, complete with guard station, when they got to
the property.  When Joan pulled up, the guard immediately tried to wave her off.
     
	"This is private property, so please move along," the guy said from the
other side of the fence.  Ken didn't like his tone.  Skimming his thoughts
didn't help.  The guy was a rent-a-cop and while Ken didn't have a problem with
that, he was the bottom of the barrel choice.   Ken could see the guy was lazy,
incompetent and unpleasant.  And those were his good qualities.
     
	Joan picked up on his attitude as well.  Her voice turned frosty and
somewhat commanding.  "My real-estate agency is listing this property.  Please
let me in."

    	The guard was really unhappy.  Now he had to call in to find out if the
stupid bitch was lying.  "Wait here."

    	He took his sweet time getting back to them.  While he was on the phone
with the company, Joan was on the phone with her assistant instructing her to
look for a new security agency for the property.  If this guy was an example of
how they treated their customers, then she wanted another company.  One thing
Joan did not put up with was incompetence or bullshit.

    	The guard didn't even come out of the little shack - he just waved them
through when the gate opened.

    	"I'm really sorry about that Ken," she said.

    	"It's not like it's your fault," he replied.

    	Her response was firm.  "It is, actually.  We're the ones responsible
for the property until it's sold.  We're the ones that hired that idiot - if
only indirectly."

    	Well, she had a strong sense of responsibility, Ken thought as they
pulled up to the front door.  The place was even bigger, and more beautiful,
than the pictures had shown.  Joan punched in the code to get the key, opened
the door and disarmed the alarm system. 

    	Wow, thought Ken.  Joan was echoing his thoughts, but hid her reaction
better.  She'd seen a number of high end mansions, but this was flat out
amazing. They were standing in the entrance hall.  It had two sets of steps that
started on each side, then curved around to meet at the top.  A huge chandelier
hung from the ceiling and the floor was beautifully done marble. 

    	"The purchase price includes all the furnishings," she said reading off
the sheet.  This had to be the most unusual property she'd ever represented. 
"Anything you don't want can be sent to charity or sold."

      	If this part of the house was this amazing, Ken wondered what the rest
of the house looked like.

    The answer was ... staggering.  First of all, Joan pulled out a map - a
fucking, honest to goodness map of the place.  Ken laughed at that.  By the time
they'd gone halfway through the first floor, he wasn't laughing anymore.  There
was a huge study with floor to ceiling book shelves that were filled with books. 
There was a fire place, a desk, beautiful chairs a small wet bar and Goddess
knew what else.  They went through the kitchens - there were two, the dining
rooms, formal, breakfast and family, the game room, a living room, ball room and
after that Ken just walked around in wonder.  The place was amazing.  The doors
from the study opened onto a porch that had a hot tub and a small swimming pool. 
There was another pool that was much bigger and enclosed which could be reached
from a different hall.  The enclosure had windows that could all be removed in
the summer time.  Ken shook his head in amazement.  They went up to the second
floor.  Each bedroom had a bath attached, and there were actually two wings. 
The family wing had more than five bedrooms and the Master bedroom looked like
it had more square footage than his house.  When he opened the walk in
closet/dressing rooms, he was sure of it.  He just stood in the bathroom and
gaped in wonder.  There was a hot tub at least as big as the one in the hotel
last weekend.  A shower area that was bigger, two sinks topped with Italian
marble, as was the heated floor, a toilet and a bidet.  In the bedroom proper,
there was a large screen TV on the wall and a suite of electronic devices that
made Ken's mouth water.

    	Even though Ken was almost overcome by the opulence, Joan had recovered. 
She tried to stay in professional mode, but each visit to a bedroom made her
think of being stretched out on a bed getting fucked.  Since the master bedroom
was the last major room to visit, she was eyeing the huge four poster bed and
wondering what it would be like to be tied to it. Ken finally focused his
attention on Joan.  Her musk and arousal were too strong to ignore and he wanted
to know a little more about her.

      	Joan was 42 and divorced with no children.  Her husband had left her for
a younger woman 4 years ago and, heart broken, she'd thrown herself into her
business.  She'd already been in real-estate for five years prior to that, and
had found she had a real talent for it.  After Dan had left her, her sales
skyrocketed and she managed to wiggle her way into the high end market.  Once
there, she moved to the top position, and after a year had managed to list with
enough clients to open her own business.  She was hard working and single
minded.  She hadn't had sex with anyone since Dan. 

    	Their sex life had been active.  She'd enjoyed herself, but often felt
that there was something lacking.  Not that he hadn't made her cum - he had. 
But he'd always been pretty passive and it turned Joan off.  She realized after
they'd split that she wanted someone who could give as good as he got.  Maybe
even someone who could control her a little and let her sort of relax and get
pulled along.

    	She knew absolutely nothing about BDSM and had never thought of having
sex with another woman.  She just craved sex with someone who was not quite so
wishy-washy.  Well, thought Ken, I can live with that.

    	When he released her, she, of course, had no idea what he'd been doing. 
She started wondering what he'd think if she decided to leave him alone in the
house for a short time.  Like long enough for her to find somewhere to get off. 
She almost never masturbated, and she hadn't felt this horny in years, but if
she didn't do something about it, she was going to rape her client.  Definitely
not good business practice.  Ken smiled and decided to try something.

    	Joan turned to look at Ken and found him standing far closer to her than
she'd thought.  She was five eight, in her three inch heels, but Ken was six
foot tall and she found herself looking at his chest.  Wanting to run her hands
over it.  So she did.

    	Ken looked down at her as she ran her hands over his t-shirt, tweaking
his nipples a bit.  She looked up at him and he bent to kiss her.  Joan moaned
into the kiss as his big hands wrapped around her arms.  It didn't take long for
them to make their way to the bed where he quickly removed her suit top, then
her shirt and bra.  Her breasts sagged a bit, but they weren't very big so they
didn't sag much.  He took them in his hands and squeezed.  Joan moaned her
approval while his thumbs rubbed her thickening nipples.  Pushing her back on
the bed, he pushed up her skirt, then pulled down her soaked pantyhose and
panties.  She was completely untrimmed, her hair dark and matted with her
juices.  Her scent went right to his cock, making the hard rod throb with
excitement.  Ken pulled her pantyhose and panties off one foot and spread her
wide.  She was happy to oblige, especially when she felt his tongue sliding
between her hairy lips.  She was soaked down there, a testament to how excited
she'd been since Ken had entered her office.  One, then two fingers entered her
snatch, the long digits pressing something inside her that made her moan.  She
went off like a rocket when he sucked her clit while stroking her G spot.  He
didn't let her rest, but pushed her over the edge again. 

She pulled his head from between her legs and kissed him, tasting her own cunt
for the first time.  It tasted good to her.

"Your cock," she said, pulling up his shirt and fumbling for his belt, "I need
your cock in me now."

Ken laughed, and flipped her over, putting one hand in the small of her back to
hold her that way.

"Now, now, it isn't polite to demand you know.  I'm afraid I'll have to punish
you a bit for that.  Unless you don't want that cock you were asking for."

She groaned.  Oh god, this was what she needed.  Someone who wasn't afraid to
push her a little.  Who wouldn't give in to every little thing she wanted.  She
heard his belt slip from his pants, and her breath quickened.  He wouldn't
really spank her, of course, but the thought was exciting.

Smack.  She jumped and moaned louder.  Shit, he really would spank her!  Oh god
the fire went right to her clit.  Another smack followed that one, then another. 
She was writhing and begging for his cock now.  Ken wasn't hitting her hard at
all.  Just enough to warm her up a bit.  He was pleased with her reaction
though, she was really getting off.

Smack. "Tell me what you want," he demanded.
     
    	"Your cock," she answered.

    	Smack.  "Where?" he asked.  "Where do you want it?"

   	 Dare she say it?  No way.  "My pussy, I want it in my pussy," she
begged.

    	Ken knew that that wasn't where she really wanted it.  "Are you sure?" 
Smack, "You sure you want my cock in your pussy?  Or would you like it somewhere
else?"

    	Oh God how did he know?  Her ass was hit again.  It burned and stung and
made her clit buzz.

    	"Tell me again," he said, "where you want my cock."

    	She groaned and suffered through two more strikes of the belt.  "My ass,
my ASS!" she yelled as the belt hit a third time.

    	"Sounds good to me," said Ken.  He pushed into her pussy, coating
himself with her lube, then began working it into her asshole.  It was a very
tight fit, but oddly she felt very little pain.  He was huge though, far bigger
than her husband had been.  It took a while, and she savored every delicious
second of it, but finally he was in.  When he diddled her clit, she came, her
asshole clenching around the huge pole.  He drove her though three more orgasms
before he dumped his load in her bowels.  She collapsed in a sweaty heap on the
bed and panted.

    	Joan shook her head.  She was alone in the room.  What the fuck?  Ken
poked his head into the bedroom and said, "You coming?" 

    	More than slightly confused, she nodded and left the room.  Ken smiled
as he followed her thoughts.  Her body was satisfied - she could even feel the
tingling in her asshole where he'd just fucked her.  Or where she'd just
fantasized that he'd fucked her.  Or something.  At least she could think now. 
Her panties were soaked through, as were her pantyhose.  She could smell herself
and it was starting to turn her on again.

    	They sat in the small dining room.

    	"So," she said, "what do you think?"

    	"I think it's all a bit overwhelming," replied Ken.  "I mean, this place
is huge.  I've never seen anything like it."

    	"Yes.  It's got about 20 thousand square feet.  The price is ten million
dollars," she said, "and since it's essentially an estate sale, with no
relatives involved, we can move fairly quickly."  She paused, "If you want it."

    	"Oh, I want it alright." he replied.  "However, there's someone else I'd
like to see it as well.  Do you think we could come back tonight for another
look?"

    	For the kind of money she'd be making from the sale, they could come
back at five in the morning for all she cared.  "Of course.  Do you know what
time?"  But someone else?  Shit!  Did that mean he was married?  There was no
ring - aside from that one on his forefinger.

    	"Well, let me make a call."

    	Jane picked up her phone,   "Hello?"

    	"Hi," he said, "it's me."

    	"Hi," her voice did all sorts of interesting things to his libido. 
Unlike Joan, he hadn't cum.  It seemed like he'd only absorbed a little of the
energy though so perhaps it took a lot of energy to create a fantasy like that. 
No matter, Joan was still pretty horny and was giving off quite a lot.

    	"What time you get off tonight?" he asked, looking at his watch.  It was
around 2pm now.

    	"I'll be at the house by 4.  Is that OK?"

    	"Yup.  I have something I want to show you."

    	Her answering purr made his pants bulge.  "Sounds like fun.  Will it
involve ropes?"

    	Ken smiled, "No, but it will involve a blindfold.  Sound good?"

    	"Yes Master," came the throaty reply.  No doubt about it.  He needed to
cum.  Joan was also caught up in his tide of lust and her arousal was rapidly
approaching the level it had been before.  Her panties were sopping wet -
literally soaked.

      	They rode out toward the gate and had to stop, since when they guard saw
them coming he made them wait before hauling his lazy ass out of the station.
     
      	"I hope he can find another job," Joan commented, "because he'd better
not be here tonight."
     
      	They talked on the drive back and Joan explained what would happen next. 
Ken was pretty sure that he wanted the place.  Joan explained that it was a
total steal without going into the strange circumstances that surrounded its
sale.
     
      	Ken assured her that even if they didn't want this place, he was in the
market for something like it.  He was very interested in it - interested enough
to leave a sizeable deposited for Joan to get the paperwork started.
     
      	That made Joan happy.  She had some things to deal with, but the terms
of the sale would make the transfer of title very easy.  Not to mention the fact
that she had some connections, which would speed things up even more.  Once she
had the contact information for his accountant, she was all set. 
     
      	They arrived at the office and shook hands.  Ken told her he'd meet her
at the gate to the mansion at 5pm and they parted.  Ken touched her mind and saw
that Joan was all business now.  She was ignoring the continued signals coming
from between her legs so that she could begin getting things set up.  If all
went well, she could close this sale tonight.  The income would be very nice for
her business, that was for sure.
     
      	He had no sooner swung onto the highway, when Jane called.
     
      	"Sir," she said, "we have a bit of a problem."
     
      	"Oh?"
     
      	"Yes Sir.  It's about Genie..."
     
End part 16

Once again, I'd like to thank MWTB for the second pair of eyes!




Avatar
Part 17
 
	"Yes Sir.  It's about Genie.  She apparently has a bit of a problem
about what happened between her and me," replied Jane
	
	"Something serious?"
	
	"Well," said Jane, "would it be OK to discuss it later, rather than over
the cell?"
	
	"Sure.  Can you give me some idea what's going on?"
	
	"Yes, Sir.  Basically, she freaked out.  Today's the first day she's
been back to work since Friday."
	
	"I see.  Is she going to be OK?"
	
	"Yes," Jane replied firmly.  "I think that I've figured out how to deal
with the situation - as long as I have your help."
	
	"No problem.  When are we going to 'deal', so to speak?" he asked.
	
	"Would tomorrow night be OK?  I don't think we have any plans."
	
	"I'm sure that will work.  You'll still be home at around four?"
	
	"Absolutely," she said.
	
	Ken had just gotten into the house when Ally called.
	
	"Hello?" he said as he picked up the phone.
	
	"Hi," said Ally.  She sounded very shy, but eager at the same time.
	
	"Hi Ally," responded Ken warmly.  "Everything going OK?"
	
	He could hear her take a big breath and wondered what she was feeling. 
She was too far away for him to get any kind of a read on.
	
	"Yes, Sir, everything's fine."  That one sentence told him a great deal. 
He waited for her to continue -  it wouldn't do to make assumptions.   She was
silent for longer than he was comfortable with so he gave her a little nudge.
	
	"Did you sleep OK last night?"
	
	"Um... actually no, I didn't."  Another pause.  Then, all in a rush she
continued,  "Sir, I want to come back.  Last night was horrible - being alone, I
mean.  I really miss you and Jane and I don't want to be separated and I hope
that you both still feel the same way about me after I left last night, and I'm
really sorry I did that, but I was just too scared to stay and..."  She paused
for a breath.
	
	"Ally," Ken said gently.  "It's OK.  We missed you too."
	
	"Really?  You're not just saying that?"  she asked.
	
	Ken had to keep reminding himself that she'd just turned seventeen and
was not very experienced.
	
	"Really, I'm not just saying it.  We missed you and are more than happy
to have you come back tonight and stay.  Do you know what time you'll be over?"

    	"Tonight's not as late as last night.  About eight?"

    	"OK," he replied.  "Jane and I have an errand to run around five and I
don't know if we'll be back at eight.  I think we will, but you can always call
the cell phones."

    	"OK."  Then, "Are you really sure that this is OK?"

    	"Yes, Ally, we are really sure that it's OK.  Besides," he added, "if
things go the way I think they will tonight, we'll have a surprise to show you
this weekend."

    	"Really?  What is it?"

    	Ken chuckled, "Ally," he said in an exasperated tone.

    	"Yes, Sir, I know.  If I knew what it was, it wouldn't be a surprise."

    	"You got it.  I'll see you tonight.  How are you for food?"

    	"Fine.  I can get something here," she said.

    	They signed off, and Ken began looking around his house trying to figure
out what he'd want to keep, what he'd sell, and what would hit the trash.  Most
of the furniture was completely inappropriate to the decor of the new place.  He
grinned thinking that, in his mind, he'd already bought the mansion.  Yup, he
thought looking around, he was willing to bet most of this stuff would be
history.  If things worked out the way he wanted them to, even Ally wouldn't be
living here.

    	Jane arrived home right at four and greeted him with a big kiss.  Ken
was instantly hard, since he hadn't actually had any relief during his little
bout with Joan's fantasy.

    	He smiled at her, kissed her back soundly, then said, "Jane dear, I have
something I'd like you to tend to."
   
    	She glanced down at the bulge in his pants and said, "Shall I remove my
clothes Master?"

    	"Sure," he said, "I'd like you to wear something a little less
conservative when we go out anyway."

    	Jane, right there in the living room, began to strip.  She folded
everything quickly and neatly, then knelt naked. 

    	"Your slave is ready for your use," she said.  "May I ask a question
though?"

    	"Yup," he said as he freed his cock.

    	"You never did mention where we were going," she said as she grasped the
bottom of his rigid cock and began rubbing the tip over her soft cheeks.

    	"I know," smiled Ken.  Women could be so cat like - especially when it
came to curiosity.  "If I told you where we were going, we wouldn't need that
blindfold, now would we?"

    	"Can't whip a gal for tryin'" she said, sucking as much of him into her
mouth as she could.  She pulled her mouth off him and continued in a hopeful
voice, "Actually, you could whip a gal for trying." 

    	"Later dear," he said, pushing into her while grabbing her hair.  Her
tongue danced over the underside of his rod, stimulating the most sensitive
spots.  He knew she was able to read his reactions and used that to give him the
maximum pleasure.  Her fingers slid over his balls, cupping them and gently
rubbing.  She jerked his shaft while licking the base and ran her tongue over
his balls.  He loved the sight of her breasts hanging free as she bent to
capture a testicle in his mouth.  All too soon, he was spurting his cum over her
tongue and she eagerly let her mouth fill.  She rolled it around in her mouth
before slowly swallowing with obvious pleasure.  Ken  pulled her to her feet,
then had her sit on the couch and spread her legs.  In seconds he was licking
her fragrant pussy, sucking her lips into his mouth and gently biting them.  Her
arousal grew quickly when he began rubbing her clit and sliding a finger into
her asshole.  He didn't want her to cum too soon - he just wanted to enjoy her
smell and taste.  He brought her to the edge several times, then gave her
permission to cum and pushed her over the edge by biting her clit while
massaging her G spot.  

    	Jane was a little surprised that he'd let her cum.  He told her he
wanted her clear headed, and that it was getting late so they needed to get
moving.

    	"What should I wear, Master?"

    	"A tight top - not too revealing, a short skirt, same thing, and heels. 
In other words, sexy but classy."

    	"I can do that," she replied.  She immerged from the bedroom a short
time later, dressed as he'd specified.  Black heels, fairly short green skirt,
and a white tank top.  It was obvious she had on a bra, but sliding his hand
over her ass proved that she was without panties.  They went out to the car.

Handing the leather blindfold to her, he said, "I'll let you know when to put
that on."

Grinning, she said, "Hmph.  I guess that means I can't drive, huh?"

"Nope," he said, smiling back.  "Nice try though."

"Since I'm still trying, does that mean that you'll actually use a whip sometime
soon?"

"Yup."

She sighed contentedly as she settled into the seat and they drove off.

Joan was waiting for them at the gate - not that Jane could actually see that. 
Looking in the car, she did a double take at the sight of the beautiful brunette
wearing a blindfold.  Especially since it was obviously not the type used to
keep out the light while you slept.

Ken smiled and held a finger to his lips.  Joan smiled, fought off a new wave of
horniness and got into her car.  There was a guard at the gate.  He had on a
different uniform than the other guard had worn, and Ken saw that Joan had been
serious about getting a different company.  She too had changed, and Ken read
her somewhat rueful thought that changing her panties had most likely been an
exercise in futility.

Ken debated taking off the blindfold before they entered the mansion, but
decided against it.  Jane's first vision of the place should be the entrance
hall.  Especially considering how impressive it was.

Jane, once the blindfold was removed was very impressed indeed.  "Wow, this
place is beautiful." She said.  Then she looked at Joan who smiled at her.  Joan
was impressed as well, but more with the way the leggy woman had walked
confidently around in heels while being blindfolded.  It was almost as if she
was used to that - an unsetting thought which caused her pussy to twinge just a
bit.

"So," continued Jane, "this is really nice Master, but why are we here?"

Joan's eyes widened at her use of the word Master.  Ken realized that Jane
thought they were visiting a place to play - especially considering the use of
the blindfold and all.  The way Joan was dressed - considerably less
conservatively than she had been earlier - and how aroused she was, did nothing
to alleviate that assumption.

"Jane dear," said Ken, who's tone of voice told Jane that she'd missed something
important, "Doesn't this look the least bit familiar?"

She frowned and said, "Not really.  Should it?"

Ken's smile grew and he said, "Let's step out front for a second."

Once they were out front and Jane could see the front of the building, she
looked at him in surprise.  "Holy shit," she said, "is this what I think it is?"

Ken just grinned, but said nothing.  She could read his excitement though.

"No," she said in a whisper.  Realization dawned on her face "You're not
serious!"

"Oh, but I am," he said.  "Wait until you see the rest of it.  It's even more
beautiful than we thought."

Jane was like a little kid, looking at everything in wide eyed wonder.  She
could not believe what she was seeing.  Joan, who could have sat in on of the
rooms and let them just wander around, decided to come with them.  In her case,
it wasn't the house that she found so attractive, but him.  Or rather them. 
Joan had got a weird feeing in her stomach whenever she looked at Jane and
remembered what she'd looked like wearing the blindfold.  Plus, she could easily
remember the feel of Ken's thick cock sliding into her asshole.  She knew that
had been a daydream, but it hadn't been like any daydream she'd ever had.  Joan
was not having an easy time of it.  She wondered what their relationship was,
since it was clear to even the most casual observer that they were as close as
husband and wife.  They had an easy intimacy that only came with years of
association.

Ken followed her thoughts and feelings almost as a matter of course.  But it was
Jane he was concentrating on and he was delighted to discover that she really
was excited, if quite disbelieving, about the prospect of living here.  They
spent an hour just exploring and even Ken found some things he'd missed the
first time around.  Eventually they ended up in the smaller dining room and sat
down.  Joan pulled out her briefcase and removed some papers.

"Normally," she began, "it takes quite a while to close on a house, even if you
are buying it in cash.  However, since this is an estate sale, with no living
relatives or other claimants, it won't take that long."  She paused.  "I have a
few friends in the title business and if things go right, the property could be
transferred to you pretty fast."

Ken had heard the 'fast' comment before.  It usually meant that you have to wait
at least 30 days.  That was fine, but it would be nice to get it expedited.

"How fast?" asked Jane, who'd never bought property before.

"You have to understand," said Joan, "that the kind of money we're talking about
is substantial.  Forgive me for saying this, but people who are very rich, tend
to want what they want when they want it.  And if there's cash or other means of
paying for it now, they want it now.  I can't do it for you that fast, but there
is a chance that, if everything goes well, we could have the title in your hands
by mid next week."

Ken was stunned.  Nothing moved that fast - at least in his experience.  "That's
pretty quick"

"Well, that's only if things go well.  There could be a snag.  For the kind of
commission that we charge, we also take care of a lot of other things.  Water,
power, cable or satellite, phone, internet connection.  Some things we can't get
transferred out of the estate nearly as fast, but when I read through the sale
contract, it stated that once the papers were signed, and the money had been
secured, the new owners could move in when ever they wanted to.  There's no
phone service, of course, but water, electric and gas are still on.  Phone
service will take a week - at least, since they can't be bothered to move very
quickly.  I see that you both have cell phones, so that should be too much of a
problem.  You'll have to decide if you want satellite or cable and what, if any,
sort of internet you want.  They had something called a T1 line hooked up here. 
I don't know what that means though, but it was pretty expensive."

Ken knew what it was.  And it was expensive.  And very, very fast.

He looked at Jane and Joan said, "How about if you two talk this over, and I'll
be back in a few minutes?"

"Sure," said Ken.  Joan, he knew, was going to find a bathroom to relieve
herself.  She was holding it together, but it was tough.  When she left, Jane
smiled at him and nodded at Joan.  She knew the woman was horny as hell.  Her
scent, the slight flush to her face and the huge amount of energy she was
throwing off couldn't be missed by either one of them.

"So," he said, "What do you think?"

"It seems like a dream," she said.  "It's really beautiful.  Question is, can we
really afford it?"

"I asked Ellen and Kim to work up some numbers.  Yes, we can afford it.  We
couldn't buy another place like it, that's for sure, but as long as we don't go
blowing every cent we have, we'll be fine.  They thought of some things that I
didn't though."

"Oh?  Like what?"

"Like upkeep, for one thing.  They did a little checking for me and the
household budget for a place like this is pretty high.  But, if we just use the
interest on some of the 'safe' money they have already invested, we'll be able
to afford it and still make money on that money.  That doesn't count the other
investments that they're planning, nor does it count the 'play' money that I
told them to hold back."

"How much is the play money?"

"About five million," he replied.

"Oh."

"Yeah, I'm not used to those kinds of numbers either," returned Ken.  "The other
thing is, they're pretty sure that if we play our cards right, even with the
economy the way it is, we'll still be bringing in several million a year.  And
that's after reasonable expenses.".

"Damn," said Jane.

Ken grinned, "Welcome to the other side," he said.

Joan came back a few minutes later after freshening up and sat back down at the
table.  Ken and Jane knew that freshening up included a quick orgasm in one of
the bathrooms.  They had no problem with that.

"So, what do you think?" she asked.  Is there any chance that you'll take me to
the bedroom and fuck my brains out?  Ken smiled as he heard that thought.

"Where do we sign?" he replied.

Jane had never seen so much paperwork in her life.  It took an hour just to get
through it.  The copies had all been looked over by Ellen of Kim and everything
was in order.  Eventually they were down to things like which phone company and
which cable company.

"I think I'd like to go with satellite rather than cable," he said.  "Anyone
other than Direct TV will do fine."

Joan frowned, "Is there something wrong with them?"

"Yes," said Ken, "They are using the DMCA to sue random people who own a certain
piece of equipment.  It's kind of complicated, but I don't want to support
them."

"I see," she said.  "Well, that's no problem.  We can go with someone else."

It was close to nine o'clock by the time they finished.  Joan was a very happy
woman, despite being very horny.  She suggested dinner.  It wasn't stepping over
the line with a client; they were celebrating.

Jane looked at Ken.  Joan had no way of knowing she wasn't fooling either of
them.  But that was OK.

"That would be nice," he said.  "Thing is, we were also meeting up with a friend
tonight, so perhaps another night would be OK?"

"It's not a problem to bring someone else," Joan said.  She really wanted to
spend a little more time with them.  "But I don't want to intrude on other plans
that you might have made."

They discussed it and Jane called Ally, telling her which restaurant to meet
them at.  It was high class and expensive, but not very formal.  Ken, Jane and
Joan got to the restaurant before Ally, and Ken mentioned that Ally didn't know
they were buying property.  Jane said that they'd like to surprise her and so
would introduce Joan as a new business acquaintance of theirs.  Joan was fine
with that.

Ally arrived after they were seated.  Joan looked at the girl, who couldn't be
older than fifteen, walk up to them.  She was as stunning in her own way as Jane
was.  Ken followed Joan's thoughts as she watched them greet Ally.  She was
surprised by the passionate kiss they shared.  She was floored by the passionate
kiss Jane and the girl shared, but tried hard not to show it.  Ally was a bit
turned on by this public display.  She was becoming quite the little
exhibitionist. 

Ken liked what the girl was wearing.  A short, deep green dress that flattered
her lean figure, medium heels and stockings.  Very nice.  She blushed when she
noticed his gaze, and he smiled at her.

Dinner was a pleasant affair.  Since she'd been warned, Joan said nothing about
the sale.  She was burning with curiosity about who the girl was.  Even though
she wasn't as young as Joan had first thought, she was still pretty young.  And
those kisses didn't seem like the kind that would be shared by relatives either. 
Ken followed all these thoughts with amusement.  Joan would eventually, he was
sure, get all the answers to her questions. 

They parted after dinner and arrived back at the house close to midnight.  Ken
drove alone since Jane and Ally wanted to ride in his old car.  Ken suspected a
plot, but said nothing - nor did he read Jane to find out what was going on. 

      	On the way back home, Ken mentally sorted through his things and
wondered what - if anything, he was going to bring with him.  A few mementos,
his clothing, but not much else.  None of the furniture would go in the new
place because quite frankly, none of it was high enough quality to put in a
mansion.

      	His thoughts then turned to the mansion it's self.  It was furnished,
but he was unsure if he would be keeping all the furnishings.  While it was all
high quality stuff, he was certain that not all of it was to his taste.  Well,
they'd figure out something.
     
      	He got out of the X5 after pulling it into the driveway and headed to
the door of the house.  A huge surge of lust made him stop and turn toward the
other car that Jane and Ally were getting out of.  He blinked as he watched the
two women walk toward him.  The sight was ... unexpected.
     
      	Jane was leading Ally on some kind of leash.  Ken saw the green sash
that had belted Ally's dress was now tied around her neck.  The dress was draped
over Jane's arm - which meant that Ally was completely naked.  As she drew
closer, he saw that Jane had tied her hands behind her back with one of her
stockings, the other was pulled through her mouth.
     
      	"Master, may I present to you your new slave,"  said Jane handing him
the leash.
     
      	Ally stood there naked and shivering slightly in the cool air.  Her
nipples were hard as rocks - which could have been caused by the cool air.  Ken
was certain was not the case.
     
      	Knowing that being outside and exposed like this was making Ally faint
with excitement, he decided to draw things out a little.  Besides, he was sure
at least one of his neighbors, should he be looking, would appreciate it.  He
walked around the trembling girl, noting the excellent job Jane had done binding
her wrists and the artful drape of the stocking that was gagging her.  When he
walked in front of her, he noticed that the stocking was holding something in
her mouth and looked a question at Jane.
     
      	"The slut was talking too much, so I had her gag herself with her
panties," she explained. 
     
      	Ally moaned softly.  She was extremely excited now.  Jane and Ken could
feel the energy she was throwing off being pulled into them.  Their own arousal
from the situation was also creating energy which was being added to the mix.
     
      	Ken pushed gently on the teen's thighs and she opened them.  He slid a
finger through her pussy lips and was greeted by a gush of moisture.  Bringing
his finger to his mouth he licked it clean, which caused Ally to moan even
louder.  Ken repeated his action, this time spreading the slick wetness over her
clit causing her hips to jerk.  She'd almost totally forgotten they were
standing in front of his house, completely out in public.  This time he
presented the finger to Jane, who sucked and licked it.
     
      	"Do you want to be a slave, Ally?"  he asked.
     
      	Her eyes were glazed with lust and she quickly nodded her assent.  He
smiled at her.  Her next step toward the Goddess had been taken.
     
      	Jane opened the door while Ken led Ally into the house on her leash.  He
had her kneel in the center of the living room and told her to wait there.  Then
he and Jane went into the bedroom and closed the door.
     
      	"So," said Ken as he began removing his clothes, "when did you cook this
little surprise up?"
     
      	"Ally called me after she spoke with you.  She said she wanted to be our
slave.  I explained that as a slave myself, I couldn't own her without your
permission, but that I would be happy to help introduce her to that lifestyle. 
We talked a little about what that would mean and she assured me that she really
wanted to try it.  So on the ride home, I had her strip, gag herself with her
panties and one stocking.  I tied her at one of the stop lights, then teased the
shit out of her the rest of the ride home.  She didn't come, but boy did she
want to."
     
      	Ken chuckled.  "You are so evil."
     
      	"Sir," said Jane, all innocence, "I was just bringing you a new toy to
play with."
     
      	"Hmmm.  Me thinks I smell a plot here."
     
      	Jane still looked innocent.
     
      	Then, his face turned serious and he said, "I haven't really probed her,
but do you think this is what she wants?"
     
      	"Yes Sir, I do.  She was very comfortable following my commands.  And
doing so aroused her a lot.  I don't know if she has the same mindset that I do
about this stuff, but I think she will want to dedicate to the Goddess.  I think
she'll make a fine Priestess."
     
      	Ken sat silent for a moment and sent a tendril of though to Ally.  The
connection was fast and strong and he saw that, arousal aside, this felt right
to her.  She wanted it and she was burning with curiosity about their religion. 
Well, at the moment, that curiosity was buried under a lot of lust, but it was
still there.
     
      	"Well," he said standing as he pulled on a pair of black, silk boxers,
"why don't you get more comfortable and we'll go start Ally's training."
     
      	Jane got naked while Ken retrieved a crop and a pair of nipple clamps. 
They walked into the living room where Ally was kneeling.  She hadn't moved an
inch.
     
      	"We've decided to grant your request for slave training," he said.  "Are
you ready to begin?"
     
      	Ally nodded.
     
      	They stood her up and Jane removed her gag.  Then she took that stocking
and used it to bind Ally's elbows together.  The girl was really flexible and
took to this as easily as Jane, who'd been stretching for years in order to be
bound like this and not cause damage.  Ken could tell that Ally really liked
being bound.  It made her feel safe and sexy.
     
      	"It's late," said Jane, "but you've aroused our Master and so you must
satisfy him before we sleep."
     
      	Ally nodded, unsure if she should speak.  Ken closed the nipple clamps
on each of her turgid nipples, tightening them until she moaned and squirmed. 
Then, using the chain as a leash, he pulled her over to the couch, where he
removed his boxers and sat down.  His cock was hard and sticking up.
     
      	"I think," he said, "that you should have a seat here."  It was obvious
where here was.  "Then I want you to get me off.  You may not cum until you do."
     
      	Ally maneuvered herself over his cock and Jane spread the teen's cunt
lips as she sank down onto Ken's large organ.  She groaned as it stretched her
tight slit, and wiggled her hips in an effort to seat him inside her.
     
      	At first she started to just shift her hips back and forth, but Jane
laid the crop across her ass which caused her to lift up a bit.  When she did
that, Ken's hold on the chain caused the clamps to pull her nipples, so she sat
down again, which earned her another slap on the ass from the crop.  She quickly
understood that this was the method they were going use to guide her movements
as she brought Ken off.
     
      	In very little time she was sweating and trying her best not to cum. 
Her thighs were trembling with the strain, but her trainers didn't let up on
her.  Ken could cum whenever he wanted to and so was waiting for just the right
time.  That time came when the combination of the crop heating her butt and the
pull on her nipples started to drive her over the edge, despite her best
efforts.  As soon as Ken knew she was going to cum no matter what, he grabbed
her hips and ground his cock into the small teen.  The deep penetration,
combined with the harder slaps on her ass by the crop pushed her over the edge
when he announced he was cuming.
     
      	She collapsed onto his chest, her damp body exhausted and panting, the
relaxation caused by an amazing orgasm flooding her senses.  She was lifted off,
and placed kneeling against the couch.  Seconds later Ken's hard cock was at her
lips.  She took the organ, slick with their cum, into her mouth, sucking and
licking, while Jane slid under her and attacked her cunt, drawing as much of
Ken's cum out as she could.  Ally had another orgasm while Jane ate her and Ken
smiled knowing that he'd be able to 'punish' her for it later.  Shortly after
she came, he flooded her mouth with another load of cum, the pleasure exploding
though his body and echoing through hers.
     
      	When he pulled away, Jane was there to kiss the remnants of his sperm
from Ally's mouth and to share her own taste with her.
     
      	Ally was exhausted, so they untied her and held her for a few minutes. 
Then they headed for the bedroom and collapsed into the bed. 
     
      	They beginning to drift off to sleep when Ally said, "Would it be OK if
you tied me again?"
     
      	Ken knew what she wanted and retrieved a set of padded cuffs from the
toy bag, put them on her and locked them together behind her back.  Ally sighed
in contentment and drifted off to sleep between Jane and Ken.
     
      End Part 17

As I mentioned eariler, life's been busy.  I didn't have any time to send this
off to get edited - so there might be a few things that got missed.  Still, I
hope you're enjoying it.




Avatar

Part 18

	Ken woke with the alarm, of course.  Jane did not.  Of course.  Quietly,
he unclipped Ally and woke her.  She groaned softly and flexed her shoulders,
not moving very much because it was crowded in the bed - not that anyone was
complaining.  Certainly not Ken who was greeted by the sight of two naked women. 
Their scent filled the room, exciting him.

	"Why don't you wake her up, Ally?"

	The girl rubbed the sleep from her eyes and nodded.  Jane was on her
side, facing away from them and Ally turned and slowly started to stroke Jane's
back, running her hands down to her ass, then over her hips.  Jane sighed and
woke in short order and turned to lie on her back.

	"Continue," Ken instructed Ally.  "Jane didn't get to cum last night,
you know.  I bet she'd like a nice orgasm to start her day."

	Still silent, Ally began stroking Jane's breasts, pulling slightly on
the nipple bars and tweaking the nubs to hardness.  She lowered her head and
began to kiss Jane's belly, dipping her tongue into her belly button.  She moved
further south when Jane opened her legs in invitation, running her tongue over
the plump mound that was beginning to show signs of stubble, over the smooth
thighs and down over her knees.

	Jane was enjoying the attentions, but only that.  Even just waking up,
her body was geared to accept pleasure in the form of rough usage, rather than
gentle teasing.  Ken knew that and could feel that for her to cum, Jane needed
somewhat harsher treatment.

	"Ally," he said as the girl was making her way up to Jane's pussy,
"remember who you're playing with.  Jane likes things to be a little more ...
direct."

	Ally looked at him, then put her head down and blushed.  "I'm sorry."

	Jane quickly sat up and took the girl's face in her hands.  "Lover you
don't need to be sorry. There's no shame in being told what someone likes.  And
you should never be afraid to tell someone your own desires - provided you trust
them enough."

	Ken moved forward and stroked Ally's back as she knelt between Jane's
legs.  "Ally dear, when Jane told you you'd be trained as a slave, didn't you
expect to be told what to do?"

	She nodded.

	"And, last night, didn't you ask to be tied up before we slept?"

	She nodded again.  "Then there's no reason to be embarrassed or upset. 
You know what Jane likes, and I'd like you to make her cum."

	Ally smiled and reached out, her fingers hooking behind each nipple bar. 
She pulled as Jane slowly leaned back to lie down, and was rewarded with a soft
moan.  "Umm, that's nice."

	The girl was a quick learner, and remembered everything they'd done last
weekend.  She pushed several fingers into Jane's lubricating pussy.  Two fingers
would have been comfortable for Jane, so Ally used three, while widely spreading
Jane's lower lips with her other hand.  She sucked and licked the large clit to
hardness, the pulled it into her mouth.  Jane jerked, giving several "oh's",
which indicated to Ken that Ally was using her teeth on the organ.

	She was able to sense when Jane was close to cuming and backed off,
which frustrated and aroused the woman more.  While she roughly jerked her clit
between two fingers Ally smiled at her.

	"Does Mistress want to cum?"

	Hmm, Ken thought, she was taking to this very well.

	"Uh," Jane's body jerked as her clit was roughly stimulated, "Ye...es. 
Please."

	Ally smiled, pulled her fingers from inside Jane and grabbed a nipple. 
She twisted it and said, "If you want to cum, you have to do something for me." 
She changed tactics and was just rubbing the tip of one finger over Jane's
throbbing clit.

	"Ohooo, yes.  Whatever you want."

	To his surprise, Ken saw that Jane was really enjoying this.  She was
being dominated by - oh. Of course.  She was being dominated by another slave,
which in her mind was pretty humiliating.

	"Figure it out," smirked Ally.  "I'll give you a hint."  She lowered her
mouth to Jane's pussy and spread the lips with both hands.

	"Oh, Goddess, you're so nasty," said Jane.

	Ken immediately guessed what Ally wanted and evidently she got it.  He
saw her throat working and knew that Jane was emptying herself into the teen's
mouth.  When she finished, Ally moved up to kiss her, and Ken felt Jane's lust
soar as she was fed some of her own piss from Ally's mouth.  Ally didn't break
the kiss as she started slapping Jane's open sex.

	"Pull your pussy lips open," she said finally, "pull them wide."  Then
she fastened her mouth back on Jane's.

    	Jane eagerly complied, opening her soft, pink sex to Ally's slapping
hand.  It took only a short amount of time for Jane to have a satisfying cum,
moaning her pleasure into Ally's mouth.

	Ally sat back when Jane finished, stroking her body.

	"You," said Jane, "Are a little minx."

	Ally blushed and looked down.  Ken knew she was very horny from what
she'd done, but he didn't have any intention of letting her cum.

	"Very nice Ally," said Ken.  "What time do you have to leave for class?"

	"Not for a few hours," she said.

	"Well, I," said Jane, "have to get ready for work."  She got out of bed
and headed for the bathroom.

	"Jane," said Ken.  She stopped and turned around.  Ken grinned, "Use
your own toothbrush this morning, OK?"

	"Spoil sport," said Jane.

	It wasn't that Ken had a problem with water-sports.  He just wasn't into
getting it in his mouth.  He supposed he should try it at some point, just to
get some idea of what it tasted like, however he was somewhat ambivalent about
the experiment.

	"One more to go Ally," he said pulling the sheet off him.  "Turn around
for a second."

	She did and he re-clipped the leather cuffs together.

	"How do you want me, Master?" she asked.  Just seeing this slim girl,
her pale skin shining around the cloud of dark, red hair that drifted over her
skin was enough to make him want to cum.  The fact that her hands were cuffed
and she wanted to be his helpless slave just made him more horny.  Knowing she
would be adding his cum to the piss in her belly was extremely arousing.  He
reached out and grabbed a fist full of her hair, then gently guided her mouth to
his rigid cock.

	He made her work for a while to get his cum.  She was wet with sweat and
her cunt was soaked by the time he shot off in her mouth.  Jane was out of the
shower and getting dressed when he stiffened and emptied into Ally's mouth.  She
was tired and a bit sore from the position, but her arousal hadn't abated. 
Being made to give a blow job while someone held her in position was a bit like
being tied up and helpless.  Ally was coming to like being tied up and helpless.

	Ken followed her thoughts and greatly approved of what he was seeing.

	"Mmm," said Jane as she watched Ally flop on her side in the bed.  "That
looked like fun.  I wish I could stay, but *someone* has to work around here."

	Ken snorted and watched as Jane left the room.

	Ally looked at him and said, "You work, don't you?"

	Ken chuckled.  "I'm currently on vacation."  Which was true.  He and
Jane would tell Ally about the change in status when they moved into the new
place.

	He un-cuffed the girl and they went into bathroom and took a shower in
the small stall.  Since Ally was so much smaller than Jane, there was a bit more
room, but Ken couldn't help thinking of the master bath in the mansion.  Looking
at Ally's horny little body made him think of all the things that he could do to
her in there.

	Jane called while they were eating breakfast.

	"Wow, you guys made it out of bed after all," she said.

	"Yeah, yeah.  What's up?" he replied with a smile in his voice. 
Interestingly he could sort of feel her presence even though she was so far
away.

	"We never did get our talk last night.  Can you come by for lunch?"

	"Sure.  We can meet at the mall," he said.  "Noon-thirty OK?"

	"That'll work.  Can you also explain to Ally that we'll be having a
guest for at least part of the night?"

	"I can do that."

	"Do you think she's ready for it?  I mean, I don't expect to involve
her, but will she understand if we spend time with Genie tonight?"  Jane sounded
worried.

	"I'll explain it to her.  I think it'll be fine though," he replied.

	"OK - see you at lunch."

	They hung up and Ken began to think of a way to explain Genie to Ally. 
Especially since he really didn't know what Jane had in mind. 

	"Ken," said Ally, "what did you need to explain?"

	He realized that he'd been lost in thought and hadn't said anything
since he'd hung up.  Ken looked up at the naked teen.  She was so beautiful. 
He'd told her that he preferred she stay naked this morning since he enjoyed
looking at her.  He could tell that it aroused her, all the more so since he was
not naked. 

	"Oh, I'm sorry," she continued. "I should have called you Master."

	Ken smiled and said, "I guess we're going to have to have a talk about
that whole Master/slave thing, won't we?"

	"What do you mean?"

    	 "Well, you're going to have to decide what sort of slave you want to
be.  Obviously 24/7 isn't going to work.  I know you don't want to give up
school and your friends and all that stuff."

	Her eyes grew wide.  "Would I have to give all that up to be a slave?"

	"No," said Ken.  "I suppose that there are women, and men, who would
like that, but it's certainly not for everyone.  I would never want to keep
someone against their will.  Hence the conversation we're going to have."  He
paused, "But not tonight.  Tonight, Jane and I are having someone come over."

	Ally sat and thought for a minute.  "Do I need to stay at the apartment
then?"  He could feel she wasn't happy about that prospect.

	"I think that's going to be up to you.  Let me explain."  He told her,
without revealing everything, what had happened between Genie and Jane.  He
explained that it had apparently freaked Genie out and that Jane had come up
with a plan to smooth things over - and apologize if necessary.  Ken said he had
no idea what the plan was, but knowing Jane, there'd be sex involved. 
Interestingly, Ally wasn't jealous, just a little disappointed that she wouldn't
get to be there.

	"Tonight is a late night for me anyway," she replied.  "Can I still come
back here?"

	Ken figured that they'd either be done with Genie by then, or it
wouldn't matter if one more person joined the fray. 

	"Ally," he said, "this is your home, if you want it to be.  Of course,
you can come back.  But remember that Jane and I live by rules that are
different and that if you live with us you must accept those rules as well."

	"I know," smiled the teen, "Jane explained some of that to me.  She
explained that we'd have other lovers and that you would have other slaves." 
She paused.  "It... it also seemed like she wasn't telling me everything."

	Ken sighed.  Soon, he knew, he'd have to begin to 'define' their worship
of Lea.  After all, how else would they be able to have other followers of the
religion if there was nothing to focus on? Lea's injunction against images was
going to make things a little difficult.  Something to deal with in the future. 
The near future.

	"She probably didn't."

Ally looked at him sharply, her mind going in all sorts of directions.

	"Ally, I'll be straight with you.  This situation is very complex and
neither Jane nor I have a lot of experience dealing with the issues involved.  I
will promise you that we aren't doing anything that will hurt anyone.  We have
just decided to live life by our rules - not all of which we've told you."
Mainly, he thought, because we don't fucking know them.  "Tell me, would you
take a first year math student and make them do calculus?"

	"Huh?" asked Ally, startled by the sudden shift in topic.  "Of course
not."

	"Things have to be learned in stages, right?"

	"Yes," her tone made it clear she was suspicious of where he was going
with this.

	"Well, this is the same way.  We'll teach you about our way of life as
we go - just as you'll learn about being a slave, of whatever sort you want to
be, as we go along.  OK?"

	Ken could see she had reservations.  She was afraid of getting trapped
into something that was wrong or illegal. 

	"Ally," said Ken taking her hand, "I promise you that you will be able
to make your own decision when the time comes.  We didn't force you to move in
with us, and we wouldn't force anything else on you either.  I promise."

	Ally believed that.  She didn't know why, but she did.  Her mind flitted
back to a memory.  Her mother, speaking to a priest about something, she didn't
remember what it was.  But her mother's expression was one of absolute trust and
even Ally could feel the peace and love emanating from the priest.  She hadn't
understood at the time how her mother could feel such absolute trust for the
priest, but she did now.  Her mother had been crushed when the old man had died. 
An odd thought occurred to her.

	"Are you a Priest of this religion?" she asked.

	Ken, despite following her thoughts, was a bit surprised at that
question.  He was an Avatar, but Lea had also said he was her High Priest.  He
nodded his asset.

	"I want to learn more about it.  A lot more," she said.  She was very
interested, her natural curiosity aroused.  But wary too.  The new priest that
ran her mother's church was nothing like the old one.  But she'd followed him
just as blindly - even to pushing away her own daughter.

	"You will, I promise," said Ken.  "Now don't you have class work to do?"

	She smiled and kissed him, "Yes Master," got up from the table and
started to clear it.  Ken had an idea that started to glimmer in the back of his
mind.  He put it on hold though and decided to do a little research on his
computer.

	Ally came in a while later to kiss him goodbye.  She left and he went
right back to doing research.  When he looked up at the clock it was almost
eleven.  Time to get ready to go.

	While he drove to the mall, Ken gave some thought to what he'd read. 
They were definitely Pagans - no doubt about it.  He liked the tenets that the
Wiccan religion followed and they seemed liked they'd fit very nicely.   He had
found nothing on a Goddess going by the name of Lea.  He hadn't even found info
on a Goddess that matched Her aspect.  The idea that certain Gods and Goddesses
lived off the energy of their followers was nothing new; interacting with one's
deity in the same way that Ken and Jane had, was pretty new.  Well, not new,
exactly, but not exactly common in this day and age.  Perhaps all those stories
of people being visited by various and sundry religious figures had more to them
than most people thought.  After all, if he claimed, with no proof, that he'd
been in the presence of a Goddess, he'd be written off as a kook.  Since he had
actual powers that he could demonstrate, he suspected that he'd be written off
as a kook, and then spend the rest of his days in government lab somewhere.

	He found Jane easily enough; interestingly she was sitting in the same
spot he had been when this whole thing had started. Wow, was it only a week ago? 
Seemed like forever.

	"Hello Master," said Jane.  "I took the liberty of getting you some
food.  I hope you don't mind?"

	"Nope.  Thanks," he said as he sat down.

	While they ate, Jane laid out her idea about Genie and how to handle the
problems that had cropped up.  Ken, knowing a bit more about Genie than Jane,
added a few suggestions here and there and that was that.  It was a very simple
plan and he thought it would have a good chance of working.  The object was to
bring her in, not scare her away.

	Then he started to go over what he'd found on the net about Paganism and
Wicca.  She started smiling at him not long after he went into his explanation
of Wicca.  He sensed her amusement and stopped.

	"What?" he said.

	Still smiling, she reached into her shirt and pulled out a small symbol
that had been hanging around her neck.

	"Oh."  He said.  He'd seen her pentacle before, but hadn't really given
it any thought.  Certainly, he'd never connected it with a religion - he just
thought it was a nice design.

	"How long have you been a Pagan?" he asked.

	"Since I was twelve.  I haven't celebrated all the sabots in years, but
I still pay attention to the basic rules.  I think I've always believed in the
Goddess, but now I have proof."

	"So what do you think about all this?"  asked Ken.

	"I think that the basics of Wicca will work for us, but we get the
chance to make up our own sabots and we might even be able to find out from our
Goddess what her thoughts are on the matter - something that mankind has spent
the ages wishing for."

	Ken was silent for a while, then said, "This might work out pretty well. 
There are a lot of Pagans, which will allow us to blend in very nicely."  Ken
wasn't sure why that was important, but it was. "Only the rings that Lea has
given us mark us at all, and she said that we may not have any statues or
paintings of her.  Almost Islamic in her tastes, at least when it comes to that
sort of thing."

	"Still," said Jane, "our followers and priests and priestess will want
some symbol to identify with."

	Ken shrugged, "We'll cross that bridge when we come to it.  But I think
that I should find a pentagram, or pentacle to wear."

	He'd never been much for religious symbols, but then, he'd never been
much into religion.  To him, even if the ring he wore was taken, he still knew
that he was dedicated to Lea.  Nothing would change that.  Having a pentacle
would be useful cover.  Why he kept thinking that way was beyond him. Maybe it
had something to do with the thousands of Lea's followers that had been
slaughtered in the past.  Symbols meant little to him.  Actions were what
counted.

	"There's a store I go to that would probably have something.  Some of
the people working there are a bit odd, but they're all very nice," said Jane. 
She pulled out her purse and wrote down the address.  Ken saw that it wasn't too
far from here.

	They talked for a little while longer, Jane giving him the low down on
what was happening in the office.  It was clear that his boss was really pissed
at him.  Also, they were trying to offer Jane more money to stay, saying that
they'd match what ever offer she had in hand.

	"As if they could," she snorted.  "'Sure, I'll take five million up
front, thank you.'  I'd love to see the look on their face.  But I have no
intention of telling anyone why I'm leaving.  I guess even if we didn't have the
money, I would have had to leave."

	"I wonder how Helen is going to take it when I email my resignation in." 
He grinned, "I'll be sure to follow it up with a phone call."

	They finished up, kissed and went their separate ways.  Ken decided to
head to the shop that Jane had told him about.  It was a nice place and the guy
behind the counter was pleasant.  Ken found something that he considered
acceptable, and bought it.  It was silver and pretty nice, not too big, which he
considered important.  There were some books there that he picked up as well.

	On the way back home, he got a call from Ellen who wanted to assure him
that all the paperwork for the mansion had been taken care of.  While he was on
the phone with her, it beeped, indicating that Joan was on the other line.  She
too wanted to assure him that things were going very well.  They could actually
start living there on Friday and did he need any help with moving?  He said he'd
get back to her.

	Damn, he thought, that was tomorrow!  Money really did grease the
wheels.  He thought of Joan and wondered how long it would be before he could
lube her up.

	Ken went home and began reading through the book he'd bought.  A while
later, he closed the second book and thought about what he'd read.  Glancing at
his watch caused him to do a double take.  How could it only be five O'clock? 
He picked up the books again.  They weren't really thick or anything, but is
should have taken him at least three hours per book, not two books in three
hours.  He could remember what had been written in them pretty easily - not that
he agreed with everything they said.  But the basic information had been there
and he was sure that he and Jane could easily live by many of the tenants that
formed the religion.  Of course, since their religion's entire purpose was to
create energy from sex, there would be some additions.

	Ken was waiting for the ladies, as Jane had requested, when they
arrived. He had no idea how Jane was getting Genie to go along with her, but
she'd apparently found a way.  She and Genie had gone for a light meal after
work, and then they were heading straight to the house.

	They walked in the door and Ken admired the view as they dropped their
coats.  He admired the view even more as Jane walked to Ken's side and knelt,
leaving Genie standing awkwardly in the middle of the living room.  Genie, Ken
remembered from their dream, wanted a master who would love her.  With whom she
could feel safe with and trust.  A Master that would control her and use her.  A
Master.  Not a Mistress.  He knew that if her Master told her to serve a
Mistress she would, but just like Jane, she wanted both men and women.

	Jane, bless her twisted little heart, had told Genie a white lie.  She'd
said that Ken had sent her to seduce Genie because he wanted to play with Genie. 
She said that he figured if Genie could be seduced, that she might be inclined
to agree to some play time.  He'd hoped that Genie would be interested, but had
no idea if she really was.

	She was.  He could see that easily in her mind.  Her knees were weak and
she was trembling with excitement.  Here, maybe, just maybe was a man who could
be her master.  She never questioned why she was so attracted to him.  It didn't
matter to her.  What mattered was that he could accept her, accept the things
that made her so very excited and understand her enough to make her expose
herself, her wants and needs,  to him.

	Still sitting, he looked at the girl carefully, completely approving of
what he saw.  Her short brown hair was swept to one side.  He knew her body well
from the dream, which he could see she remembered.  Although she didn't remember
him, exactly, his presence felt familiar to her and so she accepted him on an
unconscious level.

	On other levels, too.  Of course, the pheromones he and Jane were
putting out were arousing her, but she thought that Ken was kinda cute anyway. 
Ken had never thought of himself as cute and it was odd to know that someone
else did.  He got the impression that Genie would have been interested in him if
he hadn't been so unapproachable at work.

	"I understand that my slave caused you some problems," Ken said,
breaking the silence.  "She will, of course, be punished for that.  She told me
she convinced you to come here, but didn't tell me why."

	Genie immediately responded exactly as someone who wasn't into the BDSM
scene would.  "No, no, really, it's OK.  I just sort of freaked out."  She
turned beet read, remembering that he knew why she'd freaked out.  That this man
knew she'd been with a woman.  "It's really my fault."

	"Oh?" said Ken, smiling as he leaned forward.  She'd walked right into
it and now was the time to see if her arousal and interest in learning the scene
would overcome her fear of her desires. The dream and her encounter with Jane
had left her pretty well primed for exploration.  She only had to reach out her
hand - something that would take some courage.  "So perhaps you feel that you
should be punished."

	He sat back and looked at her.  His expression was neutral.  He didn't
want to make her feel like he was trying to force her into anything.  He wanted
her to use the situation to get what she wanted, and he knew exactly what that
was.

	Her voice was trembling.  She was afraid, dizzy and oh so very excited. 
"Maybe.  How," she stopped and licked her lips, "what would that punishment be?"

	Ken was silent and knew she thought he was considering the matter.  In
point of fact, he already knew what to suggest; he was just making her wait. 
Finally, he said, "I think that perhaps a spanking would be in order.  For you,
anyway.  I'll deal with her later."

	Genie's stomach knotted with lust.  This man was just what she'd been
looking for.  His casual mention of punishing Jane later showed her that he was
familiar with taking control.  Also, that he just expected Jane - and her, she
realized - to accept whatever punishment he deemed fit.

	"O..Ok."  replied the girl.

	"Excellent," said Ken.  "Now let's begin, shall we?"

	Flushed and excited, Genie eagerly nodded her head.

End part 18

The usual thanks to MWTB for the second pair of eyes!




Avatar

Part 19

          Ken stood and walked over to Genie.  He took her coat and purse and
put them on a chair.
     
          "Jane," he said casually, "Please remove your clothing."
     
          Jane, without rising, began to strip.  Genie's eyes were glued to the
woman and Ken knew she was remembering how much pleasure they'd given each
other.  It still confused her, but she couldn't deny what a turn on it had been. 
Ken rested his hands on her shoulders as they watched Jane take her clothes off. 
He could feel the trembling of her shoulders and he gently messaged her neck,
trying to relax her a bit.  Her knew that her panties were soaked and he could
easily smell her sexy scent.
     
          Once Jane was naked, Ken put his head close to Genie's ear and
whispered, "Reach under your skirt and pull off your panties."
     
          Genie had decided to wear a nice skirt, sexy panties, heels and a silk
top.  Ken wondered what her bra was going to look like as she removed her black
lace panties and handed them to him.  She blushed, realizing that they were
soaked through and that the strong scent of her arousal was very evident.
     
          Ken smiled at her, walked back to the couch and sat down.  He tossed
the panties to Jane, who held them in her lap.
     
          "Now tuck the back of your dress into your waistband and lay down over
my lap."
     
          Genie's breath caught as she followed his directions.  She slowly
approached him, panting heavily and trembling.  He smiled at her as he helped
her drape over his lap.  Her ass was absolutely beautiful.  He could just see a
bit of brown pubic hair guarding her lower lips.
     
         Ken drew out her spanking for a long time because Genie's beautiful ass
was very sensitive to erotic stimulation.  He alternated the pain of the sharp
spanks with teasing fingers that ran over her perfect mounds.  She was actually
leaving a wet spot on his leg.
     
          At one point, he motioned to Jane to pick up the panties, then he
grabbed Genie's short brown hair and pulled her head back.  As he spanked her
with his other hand, Jane rubbed the crotch over Genie's nose and mouth, and
eventually stuffed it into her mouth.  Genie came hard, her grunts muffled by
her panties.  Finally the spanking was over and Ken put her on her knees at his
feet. Jane reached over and retrieved the panties.
     
          He pointed to the obvious bulge in his pants, and said to her, "Since
you were the one who caused this, do you think that you should maybe do
something to fix it?"
     
          It was just the right offer.  It told her that they could stop here,
if she wanted, or they could continue.
     
          "I will take care of that, Sir, if you want."  She gave a nervous look
at Jane.
     
          "Jane isn't the issue here," he said.  "She's my slave and she's
accepted the situation.  Now," he said, his voice a bit more firm, "Make your
decision."
     
          Genie wasted no time unbuckling and pulling off his jeans.  She gasped
at the size of his cock, and he read thoughts of excitement as she wondered if
she could fit it into her ass.  Jane was right - this girl was very anal.
     
          While Genie leaned forward and began to suck on him, he motioned for
Jane to pleasure her.  Genie stiffened, but made no protest as she felt the
other woman's hands on her.  Jane knew exactly what to do, and he could feel
Genie's excitement as Jane spread the copious lubrication that Genie was
producing over her small rosebud.  She groaned with lust as Jane speared her
asshole with her tongue - pushing some of the cunt juice she'd spread on it
inside.
     
          Ken's enjoyment grew as Genie redoubled her efforts to get him off. 
The connection to the women, allowed him to know exactly what was going on and
how they were feeling.  He found that he'd grown so used to taking in the sexual
energy, that he hadn't even realized how much he'd stored since the last time
he'd seen Lea.  Quite a lot.
     
          It was incredibly exciting to feel Jane's reactions to Genie's scent
and taste as she tongue fucked her asshole, and feel Genie's reactions to Jane's
ministrations, plus her excitement at blowing him.  The three of them were
producing a lot of energy and Ken could feel him and Jane storing it like a dry
sponge sucking up water.
     
          It wasn't too long before he grabbed Genies hair and held her head
while he came.  She just loved that.  Fuck that whole polite, are you sure you
want to cum in my mouth shit.  It wasn't for her.  She wanted a man to take what
he wanted, when he wanted it, and if that meant she had to figure out a way to
drink his cum while her mouth was overstretched by a huge cock, then that was
her problem.  She came again while he blasted her mouth, cum escaping and
drooling down her lips.
     
          Jane backed off and Genie sat down, wiping up the cum with her fingers
and licking it off.  Ken let them rest for a moment, then said, "Now it's time
for Jane's punishment.  Is that something you'd like to watch?"
     
          Genie was still very horny and nodded eagerly.  Ken motioned her to
sit on the couch, then left the room.  When he returned, Genie's eyes widened at
what he held.
     
          "Pull up your skirt and spread your legs wide," he told Genie.  "Hold
them that way with your hands."
     
          She complied and he set the cane down on a chair, then motioned Jane
over and had her bend forward.  Ken took a piece of rough hemp rope and began to
tie it at the base of her breast.  He quickly did the other one, wrapping the
ropes until each breast was tightly bound.  Next, he took the clamps that she'd
mentioned she had.  They were very strong and had no way to adjust the tension. 
Once they were on, her nipples would be held with bruising force.  These clamps
were slightly modified; each clamp had a groove filed into it so that Jane could
still wear her nipple bars.  The groove closed around the bars, but was just as
tight as the rest of the clamp.  They were not something he'd use on a beginner.
     
          Jane gasped as he closed each clamp securely with the lever, but that
was the only sound she made.  Her breasts were beginning to swell and become
very sensitive.  Her nipples were hard from her excitement and the bondage and
the clamps hurt like hell.  Naturally that caused her to get very wet.
     
          Genie watched all this with wide eyes, her own pussy drooling
lubricant.
     
          "We're going to play a little game," he said, positioning Jane between
Genie's legs.  He had her kneel with her back arched which pushed her ass out
and, when she spread her legs slightly, also exposed her outer labia.  "Jane is
going to try her best to make you cum.  If you cum too fast, then you get
another spanking and we try again.  On the other hand, I'm going to cane her
until you cum." 
     
          "Oh my god," said Genie in a shuddering voice. 
     
          "Jane likes being caned and since I'm going to be using this vibrator
on her clit, it's going to be hard for her to keep from cuming.  Of course,
you're not allowed to cum, dear.  That's your real punishment," he said as he
roughly grabbed her hair and pulled her head back.
     
          "Of course, Master," said Jane in a husky whisper.
     
          With no warning, Ken hit her with the came.  She grunted and closed
her eyes, absorbing the sting as he spread through her ass.
     
          Only Genie was surprise that, rather than trying frantically to get
her to cum, Jane slowly began to lick the other woman's thighs.  Genie shifted
to get more comfortable and spread herself wider for Jane, who after ten minutes
and yet to do more than lick the outsides of Genie's pussy.
     
          Her ass was beet red and had fifteen parallel welts on it.  When Ken
wasn't using the cane there, he was tapping he breasts with it, stinging the
swollen skin, or hitting her calves or feet.  The only place she had any marks
was her ass though, and Ken knew if she didn't start trying to make Genie cum
soon, she'd be bleeding.  That didn't bother him since he also knew she'd heal
very quickly.
     
          Genie could see some of the welts on Jane's ass.  They turned her on
while at the same time made her very afraid.  Her thoughts and arousal flowed
through Ken's brain.  She was so horny, it would take little to make her cum and
she knew that Jane knew it. 
     
          Jane felt her arousal and, as into torture as she was, simply
prolonged her own by keeping Genie from cuming, not helping her along.
     
          Ken was flooded with all these impressions and the energy the three of
them were creating flowed into him and Jane.  Jane had to really concentrate to
keep from cuming, especially when he pressed the vibrator to her clit and hit
her so the end of the cane snapped against her pussy.  She writhed and moaned,
finally pushing her tongue into Genie's pussy.  She scooped out the thick juice 
- Ken had never seen a woman get so wet - and happily swallowed.  Finally, after
she had several welts on her tits, the bottoms of her feet were red and two
welts on her ass were bleeding, she began to drive Genie toward an orgasm.
     
          Genie's dark haired crotch was soaked with slick juice and Jane used
it to lube several long fingers.  She worked them into the other woman's
asshole, then began sucking on her clit.  Genie finally started to cum.  They
discovered that Genie was multi-orgasmic, because she came the entire time Jane
roughly fucked her fingers in and out of her asshole.
     
          Ken stopped caning Jane when Genie started cuming.  Jane wiggled her
ass, asking for more, so he obliged.  He stopped again when Genie, sucking had
on the fingers that Jane had fucked her ass with, came one final time, almost
passing out.
     
          They lay Genie on the floor and Ken entered the panting woman's cunt. 
She was so wet that, even as big as he was, he slid in easily and hit bottom on
one stroke.  That was when they found out that she really went nuts when
something soft - like his cock - pushed against her cervix.  He knew most women
found that painful - Jane certainly did and so encouraged it whenever she could,
but to Genie it was pure pleasure.
     
          She still hadn't fully recovered from the string of orgasms that Jane
had given her, but Ken's entrance into her body had pushed her back up the
curve. 
     
          As he stroked in and out of her he asked her, "Would you like to taste
Jane's pussy again?  Maybe her ass?"
     
          Genie was completely gone into lust.  "God yes.  Make me lick her,
make me suck her asshole, please Master!"
     
          Jane was right.  Genie was totally into anal sex.  He nodded to Jane,
who squatted over the prone woman.  Genie licked and sucked while Jane twisted
the nipple clamps, still adorning her dark red, swollen tits.  Genie used her
hands to support Jane's ass, never realizing that putting her sweaty, salty
hands on the bleeding welts was causing the other woman considerable pain.  It
was all Jane could do to keep from cuming.
     
          Finally, as Genie was cuming, he emptied himself into her.  It was an
incredible orgasm, made better by watching Genie's tongue push deep into Jane's
asshole.
     
          The amount of energy that they'd created was amazing and for the first
time in days, he could feel it swirling around his nerves.  He pulled out of the
woman and held her, while he and Jane gently stroked her damp skin.  Jane made
no complaint, even though by now her breasts and nipples had developed a deep
ache.  It aroused her.
     
          Once Genie became a little more coherent, Ken unwrapped Jane's breasts
and removed the clamps.  She came very close to cuming as the blood rushed into
her sore nipples, but managed to control herself.  Jane lay , belly down, on the
floor Genie sat with her back against the couch.
     
          "That," she said, "was amazing."  She opened her eyes and looked at
Jane, then frowned.  "Oh, my God!" she said, attempting to get up, "I didn't
realized that you were bleeding."
     
          Ken put a restraining hand on her and said, "Genie, it's OK.  Trust
me, it's nowhere near as bad as it looks."
     
          Jane, still on her belly, doing a great imitation of  a satisfied cat,
piped up, "It really isn't as bad as you think Genie.  I told you I play hard,
and Master would never do anything to really hurt me."
     
          "But, you're bleeding," said Genie.  She couldn't believe it.
     
          "Yes, I am.  Not only that, but I'm still desperately horny because
I'm not allowed to have an orgasm tonight."  She changed to a kneeling position,
her expression a combination of pain and pleasure as her sore ass rested on her
heels.  "Genie, you have to understand - I'm just not like other people.  I'm
not sick, I'm not self destructive, I don't hate myself.  It's just that, for
some reason, I really get off on pain.  Other than that, you and I are quite
similar - I think.  You like to be dominated, so do I.  I think I'm a little
more interested in girls than you, but other than the severity, we both like a
lot of the same things."
     
          It was almost ten by the time Genie had gotten dressed - she'd refused
a shower saying she wanted to remember them when she got home.
     
          "This doesn't have to be a one time thing Genie," said Ken.  "Jane and
I live a somewhat different lifestyle than most people.  As long as you can deal
with that, you'll always be welcome to play with us."
     
          "What sort of lifestyle is that?" inquired the young woman.
     
          "How about we get into that another day," Ken replied.  "Would you be
interested in getting together for dinner - maybe on Saturday?  Just dinner -
unless you want more."
     
          "I'd love to.  The more part too," grinned Genie.  They laughed, and
Genie was soundly kissed by both.  "Oh I need to get out of here, otherwise I'm
not going to make it."
     
          Ken grinned, "Well, worse things could happen."  He could feel the
rising heat in the small woman.   Jane's fires too, were quite evident in his
mind.
     
          "No, I gotta be at work tomorrow.  By the way, when are you coming
back?" she asked.
     
          "Hmm, how about I wait to tell you that until Saturday?  We'll meet
for an early dinner, say at five or so," Ken replied.
     
          "And wait," Genie paused, "didn't I hear that you were leaving too,
Jane?"
     
          "Yes," she said, "My going away lunch is tomorrow.  You should come."
     
          "Hmm, me thinks I smell a rat," said Genie.
     
          She laughed at their non answers and left a very satisfied woman.  Not
so with Jane.  Her body ached in just the way she liked, and her pussy as
yearning for Ken to fill it.
     
          "So," said Ken, "Do I continue your punishment?"
     
          Jane knew exactly what he was talking about.  He was asking her if
she'd like to cum.
     
          "Master, my orgasms are yours to determine," she said.
     
          He smiled and had her sit on the couch, then bent to lick and suck her
wet, fragrant pussy.  He loved to eat her - loved the scent, taste and texture
of her cunt.  And he loved knowing exactly how he was making her feel.  The
rough couch rubbed her sore ass as she shifted to his ministrations.  She humped
his mouth, groaning and sighing while he sucked and bit her clit and inner lips,
two fingers pushed deeply into her hole.
     
          Despite how aroused she was, he was able to slowly bring her to first
one, then two orgasms.  Then he pushed her legs up to her shoulders, spread her
wide, and sank his rigid cock into her tunnel.  As always he was amazed at how
tight she was.  He fucked her through two more orgasms, sweat pouring off them
as he pounded her.  She came less than a minute before Ally walked thought the
door.
     
          Ken was still buried in Jane, who was too out of it to notice Ally,
looked at the girl.  Hmmm, this was an opportunity.
     
          "Ally," he said, "remove your clothes and come over here."
     
          Ally, he knew, wasn't at all aroused at the moment.  She was beginning
to be - mainly because of the pheromone laden room, but her mind hadn't caught
up with her body.  She hesitated a second, somewhat angry at being treated so
casually.  She was tired and hungry - wanted food, an orgasm, and sleep in that
order.
     
          "Slave," came Jane's gently voice, "are you going to make our Master
wait?"
     
          Ally didn't understand why they were treating her like this, but she
figured they'd explain it - eventually.  Ken was pleased that she wasn't worried
about them taking advantage of her, only that she didn't understand why they
were treating her like this.
     
          Still, she stripped, her mind starting to catch up with the arousal in
her body and walked over to the two.  Ken slowly pulled his cock out of Jane and
motioned Ally to clean her up.
     
          Ally knelt and began lapping at Jane's strong smelling, coated slit. 
She still wasn't totally into this, but was rapidly becoming aroused.  She
realized that even how they had treated her was making her pretty horny and by
the time Ken began working his cock - slick with his sperm and Jane's thick
juice, into her slit, she was quite ready.  He fucked her to orgasm as she ate
Jane, then flipped her onto her back.  Jane got off the couch and returned the
favor, eating the girl to another hard cum while she sucked and licked Ken's
cock clean.
     
          She came back to earth with Ken and Jane stroking her cooling skin.
     
          "Hungry love?" asked Jane.
     
          "Starved," replied Ally.
     
          "Me too," said Ken.
     
          "I'll go fix us a snack," said Jane.
     
          Ken looked at Ally.  "You wanted to be trained as a slave."
     
          "Yes Sir.  It was just unexpected.  I'll do better next time," she
replied.
     
          He smiled, "You did fine this time.  Just like you want to be a slave,
I need to figure out what kind of slave you want to be."
     
          She nodded, "I did some thinking about that today.  But, if it's OK,
I'm too tired to think now."
     
          Ken gently kissed her lips and said, "It's more than OK.  Let's get
some food."
     
          They sat in the kitchen and ate the sandwiches that Jane had whipped
up.  Or rather, Ken and Ally sat.  Jane stood.
     
          "Holy shit!" exclaimed Ally.  "What the hell happened to you?"
     
          Jane looked over her shoulder at her ass.  It was red and bruised and,
even though it wasn't bleeding anymore, still obviously cut.  She looked at Ally
with a big grin on her face and said, "Master gave me an excellent caning as
part of the evening's festivities."
     
          Ally wanted to put ice on it, and antiseptic cream.  She desperately
tried to ignore the knot of lust in her lower belly that the view of Jane's ass
caused.
     
          Jane kissed her and said, "You're sweet, but don't worry.  It's not as
bad as it looks and by morning it'll be mostly gone - more's the pity."
     
          Ally, Ken knew, had her doubts.  Well, he would have too, if he didn't
know about their healing abilities.  Plus, he was sure that a visit to the
Goddess would occur tonight.
     
          The cleaned up, and Ken and Jane rinsed off in the shower, and went to
bed.  Ally was already asleep by the time they piled in.
     
          Opening his eyes and seeing Lea wasn't a surprise this time.  Somehow,
he knew that she'd call him - them, since Jane was standing beside him.
     
          "Greetings my love," said Lea kissing Ken.  He was surprised that the
energy transfer did not begin.  Lea held her hand out to Jane, who'd knelt as
soon as she realized where she was.   Jane rose and Lea kissed her, "and
greetings to you as well, my love."
     
          Jane had tears in her eyes.  Ken knew how she felt - lust wasn't the
only thing that he felt around Lea.
     
          They were once again on the small beach by the river, where Jane had
been brought for her dedication ceremony.  Lea sat on the blanket and motioned
Ken and Jane to do the same.  Ken sat, and Jane, of course, knelt.  He could
tell that she was uncomfortable - she felt she should be naked in front of her
Goddess and Mistress.  Abruptly, her clothes disappeared and she was wearing
only a metal collar, her ring and her necklace.
     
          "I see that you have introduced your Master to our religion," said
Lea.
     
          Jane bowed her head and said, "I didn't know Mistress.  I still don't
know where you ... fit in.  But Master has started to learn."
     
          "Actually," she said, "I fit in only in a general sense.  But I
approve of the path that you both have chosen to represent me to my future
followers."
     
          Jane looked up startled.  "Yes," Lea continued, "I know what you are
thinking.  But I am not the triple Goddess in any of Her aspects.  Using the
practices of Wicca and Paganism will serve better than other religions that you
could have chosen, and by the current definition, worshiping me makes you a
Pagan."
     
          "I'm sorry I presumed..." began Jane.
     
          "Jane," said Lea, cutting her off, "you followed the path that your
heart told you was correct.  And you were right, so there is no reason to
despair."  She leaned over and kissed Jane again, which caused the woman to
relax completely, a smile washing over her features.
     
          Ken waited until they were finished, then looked at Lea expectantly. 
"Tomorrow night," said Lea, "we will consecrate the mansion.  Therefore, you and
Jane will be there, alone.  Dismiss the guard and turn off all the electrical
devices.  Select an appropriate place - inside or out - and we will have the
ceremony.  Candles would be nice to use for light."  Lea sounded wistful for a
moment.  "Jane, you are familiar with the basics.  We will use the forms you are
familiar with.  Wine, cakes, sky clad worship."
     
          "Yes Mistress.  Is this Calling Down the Moon?" asked Jane
     
          "Not exactly."  Lea paused.  "For reasons that I will not go into,
unless the area is consecrated to me, I will not appear there.  The energy that
you will share between you will open a.... gateway, if you will.  I will leave
you with the knowledge of what to do.  Once the gateway is formed, I will come
to you.  We will sanctify the mansion and it's grounds.  Fortunately, it was
well prepared."
     
          Ken was perplexed, to say the least, "I don't understand.  You can't
appear in our world unless the area is consecrated to you?"
     
          "That is not exactly what I said Kenneth."
     
          He frowned, "But you were at the mall, weren't you?"
     
          "No," She replied.  "I made it seem as though I was.  You were
actually in the same kind of fantasy you created for Joan, just the other day. 
I can make this place look like anywhere I choose."
     
          "Does that mean that it never happened?"
     
          "It happened - including the part with Connie.  I pulled her into the
dream as well," answered Lea.
     
          "So you can't come into our world without the area being prepared or a
gate set up?"
     
          "I choose not to.  Doing so has ramifications we are not prepared to
deal with yet."  Lea paused, then said, "Kenneth, soon you must put aside your
fear and reclaim your past."
     
          The sudden shift in subject caught Ken flatfooted.  Even in Her
presence, he felt dread begin to flood his body.
     
          "That's not a good idea..." he began.
     
          "It will be hard, I know," returned Lea, "but you have Jane and Ally
to support you.  And me, of course."  She looked sad as she said, "I will not
have my followers destroyed again."
     
          The scene began to fade and Lea's whispering voice followed them back
into sleep.  "I will see you tomorrow night..."
     
          Ken awoke hours later, bathed in sweat and panting, adrenalin racing
through his body.  He quietly rose and left the room, his movements precise and
controlled.
     
          He went into the kitchen, moving silently and now barely breathing,
and got a glass of water.  He was still caught up in the feelings of a dream he
couldn't remember the details of.  He didn't need to though.
     
          Ally almost jumped out of her skin as Ken spun, inhumanly fast.
     
          "Ken?" she squeaked loudly.
     
          That broke the spell.  His breathing returned to normal and he felt
cold and clammy.  And tired.  Very tired.
     
          "I'm sorry Ally, you scared me," he smiled.
     
          "I scared YOU?  Shit, I thought you were going to kill me."
     
          Ken's face clouded up, then turned neutral.  "Don't worry Ally, I
won't be doing anything like that.  Go back to bed."
     
          The teen yawned and went back into the bed room.  Apparently Jane was
awake as well, but the voices quickly dropped off as the girls went back to
sleep.
     
          Ken sat down in the living room.  "No," he whispered, "that isn't
going to happen again."
     
          He was still there when the sun rose, filling the house with golden
light.
     
      End Part 19




Avatar

Part 20

    	Ken became aware that Jane was kneeling at his feet.  He looked down
into her worried face and smiled at her.

    	"Master, are you OK?"

    	"Gee," he said jokingly, "I thought that you always knew how I felt." 
He looked closer at her - she looked like she hadn't gotten much sleep.  "What's
wrong?"

    	"I'm fine," she said, "except that I actually *can't* feel you.  I can
feel Ally, but not you," she looked very worried now.

    	Ken relaxed his thoughts for a moment and felt something shift; the flow
thoughts and emotions that he'd become used to began again.  Somehow, he'd shut
everyone out.

    	Jane looked relieved, then, as she assessed his mood, even more worried
than before.

    	"You stayed up last night didn't you," he asked.

    	She nodded.  "As soon as I couldn't feel you anymore I woke up.  I
looked out here and saw you.  You looked like you wanted to be alone, so I went
back into the bedroom.  Ally seemed a little restless too.  Master, please tell
me what's wrong."

    	He sighed.  "I really don't want to talk about it, Jane."  Pulling
himself out of his depressing thoughts he continued,  "I think it would be
better for us to just think of what's happening tonight.  We have a lot to do
today and tomorrow.  I don't want to bring Ally to the mansion until she can
stay the night, but Lea said for you and I to come alone tonight.  We'll have to
explain it to her and bring her over tomorrow.  She might get nervous if she
sees us packing things up."

    	Jane accepted the change in topic, but wasn't happy about it.  "I don't
have that many things in my apartment to pack up.  We could get them on Sunday
or something."

    	He looked around, "Yeah, I'm not bringing anything much from here.  Just
a few items and my clothes.  Plus, we're supposed to meet Genie for dinner
tomorrow night."

    	"I won't be at work for the whole day.  I could go to my place and pack
up when I get finished."

    	Ken thought for a moment.  "Lea wants a ceremony, and frankly, I have no
idea what that will ..."  his words faded for a moment.  Information flowed into
his brain, telling him exactly what was required for him and Jane to build the
Gate.  He saw from the expression on Jane's face that the same thing had
happened to her.

    	"OK," he said slowly, "it seems that we do know what to do for the
ceremony."

    	"Sir," said Jane, "That's not the whole ceremony.  There is still a lot
we should do after, and some before."

    	"Would you get the supplies that we need?" he asked.  "She wants us to
turn off all the power to the place and I'm not sure I know how to do that.  The
mansion is huge but there should be a central location," he paused, "somewhere. 
We need to be there before dark to set everything up."

    	"I can pack Sunday," said Jane.  "I'll get what we need for the ceremony
while you take care of getting us the keys to the place and all that.  Oh, and
I'll need directions - seems I was blindfolded on the way there last time."

    	Ken grinned, "You look good in a blind fold."

    	She smiled brightly as it seemed that Ken was returning to himself. 
"Thank you, Sir.  And now, I'd better get dressed."

    	"I'd like you to wear something very, very sexy," said Ken.  "No bra,
either."

    	She gave him a surprised look then shrugged, "Sounds good to me.  What
are they going to do, fire me?"

    	Ken had made coffee and was sitting in the kitchen with Ally by the time
Jane made her appearance.  They both looked at her and whistled.  She'd done her
hair up in a complicated braid pattern and was wearing just a bit more makeup
than she normally wore to work.  On top, she had on a sleeveless blue pullover. 
It was thin and her nipples, and the piercing bars, were easily seen; as was the
outline of her breasts.  Ken thought they looked a bit firmer in that top than
when she wore nothing.  Her skirt was several inches above the knee - or rather
only a few below her pussy.  It was black and he suspected she wasn't wearing
panties.  She sat, not taking care to keep her legs closed, and he was sure. 
She had on three inch heels and black thigh-highs, the bottoms of which could be
seen when she sat.

    	"Will this do, Master?"

    	Ally giggled, "Depends on what you're trying to do!"

    	"Yes," said Ken feeling arousal rising in all three of them, "That will
be just fine."

    	Jane sat down and ate some food, then ate some more.  Ken was surprised
at how much she put away, but then, he'd been eating a lot more lately as well. 
Hmmm.  Jane kissed them both thoroughly, then left. 

    	"Ally," said Ken, "Jane and I have some business to attend to tonight. 
But we'd like you with us tomorrow because we have a surprise to show you."

    	"I have to work tomorrow," she said.

    	"Please see if you can get off work.  This is very important," he said. 
Yup - the idea he'd had earlier would have to be presented to her soon.  He
thought she'd accept, but he wasn't sure.  "We'll be back either very late
tonight or, more likely, in the morning."

    	Ally didn't ask where they were going.  If her Master wanted her to
know, he'd tell her.  She was a little unsure, but told herself not to worry.

    	Ally left for school and Ken began to read another one of the books that
he'd bought.  It didn't take very much time, and when he finished, he took a
shower and called Joan.  He asked when he'd be able to come by and get the info
on the house.  Joan told him any time, so he headed over there.  Fortunately for
the sake of her panties, it was a short visit.  Ken didn't think that he could
absorb any more energy, but he was wrong.  Even in the short time he was there,
Joan's emotions were swirling with arousal.  With a promise to call her if he
needed anything, he left.  They'd be in touch since technically the title
transfer hadn't gone through yet.  However, the guard company and the alarm
company were well aware that he was the new owner.  The internet connection was
set up also.  No phone or satellite TV yet.  That was scheduled for Monday, as
were a number of other things.  Phone, pool up keep, grounds upkeep, the list
was quite large.  Who would have thought that being rich would be this expensive
or complicated?  He knew that eventually all the estate jobs would be held by
followers of Lea.  Until then, they'd just have to grit their teeth whenever
someone came by.  Maybe they'd have it scheduled for a specific day every week
to keep the intrusions to a minimum. 

    	He called the guard company on the way to the mansion and told them that
their services would no longer be required as he was taking possession of the
house today.  He told them he'd keep them in mind if he needed to have the place
secured while he was on vacation or away for an extended period of time. 
Another call to the security company to explain that the mansion sensors would
be going offline from tonight until morning.  They took some convincing, but
eventually they agreed.  Once he got to the gate at the house, the transmitter
Joan gave him automatically triggered the gate and he drove the X5 on through,
stopping for a few moments to chat with the guard.

    	Finally, he pulled in front of the house.  There was a garage, of
course, that was supposed to hold at least ten cars, but he'd never been in it
and didn't want to fuss with it now.  Ken just wandered thought the mansion.  He
couldn't believe it was his.  Oddly, the fact that it was his was more difficult
to accept than him being an Avatar.  The silence was nice, and he realized that
up until now, there were always other people's thoughts and feelings pushing on
his brain.  With no one around, the silence was a bit of a relief.  Not great,
but a nice change.  Taking the map he had laughed at the first day, he started
trying to locate the electrical mains.  Of course, since the map was supposed to
be for people interested in buying the property, not someone who already owned
it, none of that information was on it.  Realizing that he could wander around
for quite awhile and not wanting to waste the time, he put in a call to Joan. 
She told him that, according to her notes, there was a household plan in the
main study.

    	He found the main study, and started looking around.  Joan, still on the
cell, directed him toward a nice painting of a landscape. 

    	"There should be a button on the right side of the frame.  Push it," she
said.

    	There was the 'snick' of a catch releasing.  The painting was actually a
door, behind which was a safe.  Totally cliche, he thought.  The safe was not
locked, just closed.  There was, among other things, a note attached telling Ken
where to contact a locksmith to help him set the combination.  Inside there was
a large, leather bound folder with the words House Plans embossed in gold on the
front.

    	It was well organized and in a short time, Ken had found the utilities
room.  Well, the one for the electricity and water, anyway.  There was indeed a
master shut off.  He was pretty sure the guard was packed up and gone, but he
called the security company and asked how turning off the power would effect the
system.  They told him that there was a backup power system that had to be
disabled and would he like a technician to come out Monday?

    	No, he damn well didn't.  He had them direct him to the backup for the
security system.  The box was key locked and well hidden.  Of course, he didn't
have a key - they told him that only the technicians had those.  He explained
that if they didn't have someone here with in the hour, he'd get a key at the
local hardware store (bolt cutters were pretty universal) and different security
company on Monday.  They said they'd have someone sent to the house, and he told
them to call the cell when they got there so he could open the gate.

Ken went back into the utility room and decided to test things now, that way if
anything else was fucked up, he'd be able to handle it now, rather than later. 
He pulled the levers and was immediately not plunged into darkness; there was
emergency lighting in the room.  Shit!  He hadn't thought of that.  Well, he'd
have to find the emergency lights and disconnect them.  Less than a minute
later, her heard a hum, and all the lights kicked on again.  The house had a
backup generator.  Ken found it, absently noting that the fuel tanks powering
the generator were full, then shut it down.  He spent the next hour finding and
disconnecting the batteries in all the emergency lights he could find.  By the
time he was finished, and had turned the house power back on, the security guy
was there.

He was a nice young guy who knew his stuff.  It was obvious that he knew how to
'handle' irate rich people.  Ken wasn't irate, anymore, even though he was rich. 
He was firm with the guy about removing the backup power, while explaining that
it was just until tomorrow.  The guy was curious, to say the least, but Ken did
not explain why he wanted the power off, just that he did.  Once he was inside
the box, disconnecting the power wasn't very hard.  Ken figured that if the
system went completely down that the monitoring company would send someone out. 
He was also told that the fire alarm system was plugged into security as well.
When the guy left, Ken once again pulled the plug, so to speak.  He walked
through and found that nothing seemed to be on anywhere.  That was good, since
he was tired and hungry.

Of course, there was nothing to eat in the house, so after turning the power
back on, he decided to make a food run.  He got a call from Jane just as he was
getting ready to leave.

"Hello Master," came her voice.  Boy did she sound horny.

"Have a good going away party?" he asked.

"Yes, Master.  Genie and I even ended up with a little time to our selves," she
replied.

"And was that fun?"

"Oh yes, Master.  Frustrating too - for me, anyway.  She has a wonderful
tongue."

      	Ken smiled.  "I'm on my way out to get some food.  There's nothing here. 
I don't want to get too much because the power's going to be off tonight.  But
we should have something in the house.  Maybe I'll drag out a cooler and put
some ice in it."

      	"I can do that, if you'd like," offered Jane.  Ken got the feeling that
she was still upset about last night.

      	"How are we fixed for the candles and other stuff for tonight?"

      	"I have candles, and getting the rest of what we need will be easy."

      	Ken thought for a moment.  He decided that he could hold out for food
until she got to the mansion, then they'd go run the rest of the errands
together.  She got there in short order and he gave her the other transmitter to
put in her car.  There was a code pad at the gate, but they didn't want to have
to use that.

      	Jane was looking just as fantastic as she'd looked this morning.  Of
course, he could tell from her scent that she was still aroused and had been
fooling around a bit with Genie.  They ended up getting quite a bit of food
including a several bottles of very good wine and fresh bread that Ken knew was
good. 
     
      	Shopping was interesting, to say the least, since both he and Jane kept
getting a lot of looks.  Jane was somewhat used to men, and occasionally women,
checking her out because she was a beautiful woman.  Ken was not used to having
anyone check him out.  As they went through the various stores, he began to find
a way to turn off the attraction he was putting out.  Since he was getting
better all the time at tuning into people, he could tell when it was working and
when it wasn't and used that as a sort of bio-feed back method to begin refining
his control.
     
      	When they got to the last store and were standing at the checkout stand,
Ken decided to have a little fun - especially since he knew his 'target' would
have no objections.
     
      	Little Karen was just over sixteen.  She had strawberry hair, a fresh,
clear complexion and managed to look innocent and sexy at the same time.  More
innocent, than sexy.  Karen, however, was anything but innocent.
     
      	This morning, she'd managed to hook up with her boyfriend for some hot
and heavy sex.  They'd fucked for an hour, before she had to come to work.  Ken
could see the memories of him slamming his cock into her light, almost blond
furred pussy.  He'd pulled on her cherry nipples, hard as stone, while biting
and sucking her almost 'B' cup breasts. 
     
      	Karen had been sexually active since she was nine - even if it was with
only herself.  At twelve she'd seduced her female babysitter and by fourteen two
of her cousins - one male, one female had fallen to her innocent charms.  Thanks
to the babysitter's dildo, she'd had no cherry to break.  Thanks to her mother's
astute observation, she'd been on the pill since she started having her period.
     
      	Oddly enough, she was careful who she seduced.  Karen liked sex, not
relationships and she couldn't bear to think that she might hurt someone.  Ken
was amazed at her level of maturity when it came to sex.  She'd chosen her
boyfriend very carefully - he was eighteen and had been a virgin until she
seduced him almost a year ago.
     
      	Her boyfriend also knew about Hanna - the girl that had eaten Karen's
pussy during their lunch break.  Hanna had been a shy girl, totally confused
about her sexuality until she'd been seduced three months ago by Karen.  The
sexy little pixy had easily seduced her, all the while reassuring her that it
didn't matter if she liked men or women.  She'd even managed to talk Hanna into
thinking about a threesome with her and her boyfriend, so that she could decide
if she liked guys.
     
      	Ken and Jane scanned all this from her and knew that they'd be in
contact with her soon.  But until then, Karen's pussy had started getting wet -
again - when she saw Ken and Jane enter the store.  When they were in the line,
she was going wild with fantasies.  Her current one being how she'd managed to
over charge them, purely by accident, and how they discovered it and taken the
difference out in trade.  They were her last customers anyway, and Hanna had
gone for the day. The store was small and Jerry, a nice older man, usually
closed up while Karen cleaned up the back.  She knew she'd have at almost an
hour before he'd close the store and she'd help him count out for the day.
     
      	Thanks to Karen, Ken knew that as well.  He could almost feel the girl's
heartbeat quicken as she rang up their purchases.  Certainly both he and Jane
could smell her excitement as her fantasy burned through her brain and excited
her body.  So caught up in her fantasy was she, that she actually did overcharge
them for the bread.  He decided, as he saw Jerry working his way to the front,
to see what would happen if she was presented with the opportunity to fulfill
it.
     
      	This was it, she thought handing Ken the receipt.  No way he'd notice
that she had, indeed, overcharged him a nickel for the bread.  But it gave her
pussy a twinge and added to the lust firing her body.
     
      	Ken took the receipt and looked at it, frowning.  Inwardly, he smiled to
himself, knowing that this was the time.  Would she go for it?
     
      	"Excuse me, Karen?" he said in a voice that made her shiver, thinking of
all the things that it could make her do.  "Why did you charge me two
thirty-five for the bread?  It's only two-thirty."
     
      	"Oh," replied Karen, reaching for the receipt, "I'm sorry Sir.  Yes, I
didn't realize."
     
      	Ken leaned closer to the girl who's heart was now beating a mile a
minute.  She was flushed and beginning to sweat.  Lust hammered her nerves,
something that interested Ken because he was throttling way back on whatever it
was that seemed to attract women.
 
      	"Well, it's only a nickel, but you know they say that it's the thought
that counts.  I'd say you owe me a bit more than a nickel.  How can I be sure
that you didn't mess something else up?"
     
     	 It never occurred to Karen that these words were practically her own,
directly out of her fantasy.
     
      	Her voice was breathless as she replied, "I,  I'm so sorry Sir.  I'll be
happy to make it up to you."
     
      	"I think that's a good idea.  Do you have any suggestions?" he asked.
     
      	"Well... i...if you come to the back, I'll let you in and we c...could
discuss it," Karen was truly engaged in her fantasy now. 
     
      	"That sounds good to us," he said heading for the door.  "Oh, and don't
make us wait too long."
     
      	Karen's head was spinning with arousal as she nodded to him and Jane.
     
      	"Master," said Jane with a smirk, "how could you trap that poor,
innocent girl like that?"
     
      	Ken snorted.  "Are we talking about the same girl?"
     
      	"Of course," replied Jane as they made sure that all the perishables
were in the cooler.  They got in and drove around to the back of the building. 
"Really Sir, she's just a sweet, little sixteen year old."
     
      	"Yup," replied Ken, "One who was getting hammered by her eighteen year
old boyfriend this morning, and who had her seventeen year old girlfriend eating
her cunt for lunch."
     
      	Jane smiled, her hard nipples showing easily through her top.  They had
to wait nearly ten minutes for Karen to open the back door for them.  The girl
was nervous and beside herself with lust, wondering if these two were going to
go through with this.  Her heart almost stopped when she saw them waiting there.
     
      	"Karen dear," said Ken, "I thought I told you not to make us wait."
     
      	"I'm sorry Sir," she stammered, "I had to pull my drawer so that Jerry
could take the front."
     
      	She let them in, the rational, thinking part of her mind, wondering if
she was crazy.  She knew nothing about these two.  What if they robbed the
store?  But she'd always had good instincts about people and somehow she knew
that they weren't going to hurt her - well, not in any meaningful way. 
     
      	She led them to the lounge and locked the door.
     
      	"Take your clothes off," said Ken as he sat on the couch.  Jane stood to
his side.  Karen couldn't decide which one to look at - they were both so hot!
Her fingers were shaking as she removed her sneakers and socks, then her uniform
top.  She paused and looked at them. 
     
      	Ken smiled at her and said, "Karen dear, you did want to make up for
your mistake, right?"  She nodded.  "And, in addition to the amount you
overcharged me, you also made us wait ten minutes out back."  Again, she nodded,
more nervous this time.  But her panties felt sticky with her juices and her
nipples ached from being so hard.  "Well dear, currently, your behind is in for
fifteen smacks.  Are you trying to make it twenty?"
     
      	Karen's knees went weak.  This was such a powerful fantasy for her.  She
knew little about BDSM, but fantasies of being spanked by strangers and being
'forced' into having sex with them were always good for a few cums.  Her hands
were shaking enough that removing her t-shirt was hard.  She could smell her
sweat and musk and that turned her on too.  She'd already had sex twice today
and it showed in her scent.
     
      She left on her bra and removed her jeans.  Finally, the bra came off
showing two small, upturned breasts topped with rather small dark red nipples. 
It was warm in the room and her chest was shiny with a light sweat.  Finally,
she removed her panties, exposing her soft, almost blond bush of pussy hair. 
Ken had her get down on her hands and knees, ass in the air.  It spread her
crack nicely, exposing her tight asshole and swollen, drooling pussy.
     
      	He stood and walked behind her and said, "Are you ready?"
     
      	It was her last chance, she knew, to back out.  Somehow she knew that if
she wanted to stop, right at this second, they would.
     
      	"Yes, Sir," she almost whispered.
     
      	He knelt behind her and ran his hands over her flushed skin, through the
crack in her ass and over her slick pussy.  She moaned faintly, then louder when
his hand hit her ass.   It wasn't too hard, but it was a great warm up.
     
      	"Jane," said Ken, "Why don't you sit down on the couch, pull up your
skirt and get your pussy warmed up for our little slut here?"
     
      	Karen's eyes were glued to the other woman, who did exactly as ordered
with out comment.  She wasn't wearing panties, and Karen watched as Jane's
fingers began to spread her white cream over her pussy lips.  She moaned as
another, harder blow, hit her ass.
     
      	"You're going to be licking that pussy when I've finished spanking you,"
he said.  He was alternating between masturbating her by rubbing her sensitive
clit and spanking her.  Karen was panting now, close to an orgasm that she was
trying to hold off.  She wasn't able to when the next spank was accompanied by a
tweak on her clit and the words, "Cum for me slut," were whispered just loud
enough for her to hear.
     
      	It was easy to build her back up again, this time spanking her harder
and being more forceful on her clit.  Incredibly dirty thoughts - for her -
flowed through her brain.  She imagined Jane sitting on her face while Ken
fucked her.  She wanted to suck his cum out of Jane's cunt while Ken spanked her
harder.  She wanted her nipples squeezed and pulled - hard.  That was something
she wished would happen often, but she was too chicken to do it herself.
     
     	 Ken wasn't.  While he spanked and rubbed with one hand, the other began
pulling hard on her nipples.    Sweat was running down her flanks now - her ass
and nipples were burning and she was just an inch away from cuming when the
final blow landed.
     
      	"Have you had enough?" he asked, knowing the answer, "Or shall I fuck
this tight little pussy while you eat my girlfriend."
    
     	"God, yes, " said the sixteen year old, "fuck my cunt while I eat her."
    
     	"You're a dirty little slut aren't you?" Ken commented as he positioned
her head between Jane's spread thighs using a firm grip on her hair. 
    
     	White cream had leaked out of Jane's pussy and coated her fingers.  She
smelled strongly of sex, since her time with Genie had been both arousing and
unfulfilling.  Karen groaned as the scent engulfed her.  It was something she
really got off on.  She felt like, and wanted to feel like, the dirty little
slut Ken was calling her.  Being labeled a slut turned her on.  Being called a
slut by the second guy to fuck her in a day, while she was about to eat her
second pussy of the day, REALLY got her going.  God, she was a slut! 
    
     	While Karen went to work on Jane's cunt, Ken began to ease his stiff
cock into the girl.  She was tight, but no tighter than Ally had been.  Not as
tight as Jane either, but that as no surprise.  By the time he'd worked half of
his rod into her, she had two small fingers pumping in and out of Jane's cunt, a
third from the same hand sliding into her asshole and had her large clit sucked
into her mouth.
    
     	Jane hadn't said anything since they started, but now she started
talking, discussing Karen while they fucked her.  Karen had an orgasm before Ken
could even get all the way inside her.
    
     	"Oh Master, she sure knows how to eat a pussy," said Jane.  Karen
started a little at the word Master.  What the hell was that about?
    
     	"Yeah," said Ken, knowing how much they were exiting the girl, "for such
a big slut, she has a tight cunt too."
    
     	Karen groaned, right at the edge of orgasm.  If he'd just hit her ass,
just one last time... SLAP!
    
     	Karen used Jane's pussy to muffle her scream as she came.  Jane too,
wanted to cum and asked with her eyes.  Ken nodded his permission and she also
went off.
    
     	He road he girl through two more orgasms, finally finishing in her
during the second one.  Jane had cum again also.  Karen could feel his huge cock
pulsing inside her, which triggered her final orgasm.  That was a first for her
- she'd never cum at the same time her boyfriend shot off in her.  Not that she
didn't enjoy it, but it took a lot of timing to get that down.  Timing he wasn't
experienced enough to have. 
    
     	Karen lay recovering on her side, her store jacket underneath her.  Two
sets of hands ran over her body, with light kisses and licks added here and
there.  Finally a soft set of lips kissed hers and she responded before opening
her eyes.  She looked into Jane's almost sapphire colored eyes and could have
drowned in them.  The kiss deepened before Jane broke off.
    
     	Ken also kissed her, whispering how he loved tasting Jane's pussy on her
lips.  She moaned, but was too exhausted to get aroused again.  Ken was
throttling back big time to keep her from getting excited again.  Jane wasn't
but he seemed to be blocking the effect from her as well.
    
     	They helped the teen get dressed and kissed her one more time before
leaving through the back door.  Jane slipped her a piece of paper with their
cell numbers on it.
    
     	"Any time you'd like to get together again - perhaps in a more
comfortable area, just give us a call," she said.
    
     	Karen's eyes were wide.  For one thing, she couldn't believe what she'd
just done - it was outrageous even for her.  For another, she knew, absolutely
knew, that she'd be calling them.  They all kissed again and Ken and Jane got
into the BMW and left. 
     
     	As they pulled into traffic, Jane looked and Ken and said, "Girlfriend?"
with her eyebrows raised.
    
     	"Sorry," he grinned, "I didn't know what else to call you.  High
Priestess didn't seem appropriate at the time."
     
      	They both laughed and headed for the mansion.
     
      End 20




Avatar
Part 21

      	Ken and Jane were mostly silent on the drive back to the mansion.  They
were both somewhat sated and Ken felt almost bloated with energy.  A quick check
on Jane showed she felt the same way.  The gate swung silently open as he
approached with the car.  He stopped, waited for it to close, then used the keys
that he had to lock it.  They didn't want any interruptions tonight, that was
for sure.  They drove up to the house and unloaded.  Ken left Jane to put away
the food while he made a last check here and there.
     
      	Interestingly enough, the master suite and several other critical parts
of the mansion had been cleaned and freshened up.  Joan had had a maid service
straighten up those areas in anticipation of Ken and Jane - and, she'd supposed,
Ally, moving in tonight.  Ken appreciated the thoughtfulness.
     
      	Jane was finished putting away the food by the time he was downstairs
again.  They wandered around the house and the outside area closest to the back
of the mansion discussing where to open the gate.  Ken thought the bedroom would
be appropriate, but Jane had a different idea and led him to a small garden just
off one of the studies.
     
    	It was beautifully laid out, with several benches and paths through well
tended bushes and flowering trees.  It was actually protected on two sides by
the mansion itself, and had a small pool of clear water in it.  Ken agreed that
it was perfect, so they went to get some of the food and wine and bring it there
in the cooler. 
   
    	Next, they began setting up candles in various places in the mansion. 
Realizing that it was just too big to put them everywhere, they settled for
putting candles in the master bedroom, the small kitchen and outside in the
garden.  It was a clear day and was going to be a clear night, so it was
unlikely that they'd need the ones outside.  Jane and Ken also put several
candle lanterns inside the study, so they could find their way around without
stumbling around in the dark.
   
    	Ken was starving despite the snack he'd had when they got back.  So they
sat and munched food in the kitchen, discussing the ritual they were going to do
tonight.  Despite the fact that neither of them could remember any details of
what they were supposed to say or do, they knew that when the time came, the
knowledge would be there for them.
   
    	Jane wanted to cast a circle Wiccan style.  Ken had read about that, but
had never done it.  He remembered, oddly enough, everything he'd read about
casting Circle.  In fact, he realized that he could recall pretty much anything
he'd read in the last day or so.  It didn't occur to him to remark on it.
   
    	They agreed on which ritual to use and Ken sat back to relax before the
night came.  He heard Jane return a short time later and saw her kneeling at her
feet.  She had a knife and a cup with her and laid them out on a square of red
silk. 
   
    	"Master," said Jane, "I offer you my Challis and my Athame for this
night's ritual."
   
    	Ken knew that this was very important to her.  He got out of his chair
and knelt his Priestess.  He could feel the emotions coming from her and he
realized they were echoed inside him as well.
   
    	"You are Her Priestess," he said, "and I'm sure that the Challis you
offer will be most welcome.  As her Priest, I welcome your offerings to what
will be our Circle and our life."  He paused.  "My love, I know what the Athame
is.  If you wish to include it in this ceremony, then I will trust your
judgment."  Another pause.  "I fear," he said in a softer voice, "that despite
the fact that an Athame is not a weapon, my own short comings will not allow it
to be view as anything but.  I fear that my own weakness will weaken our Circle. 
If you must have it, I will not say no.  But I cannot hold it."
   
      	Jane looked at him in silence.  Then she spoke.  "Master, please - it
hurts me when you are in pain.  When will you tell me what this is all about?"
     
      	He sighed and said, "When the time is right.  I promise.  But for
tonight, that's the last thing I want to think about."  They sat for a moment in
silence, then he continued.  "Jane, love, use the Athame.  I think that it's
important."  He looked into her eyes, the bright blue dimmed slightly by sorrow. 
Sorrow, he knew, that he was causing.  "Bring it," he said, "and use your
strength to guard us and keep us pure."
     
      	They started the ritual before the moon began to rise.  The candles were
lit as darkness claimed the huge mansion.  It wasn't too cool yet - which was
good since they were both naked.  Jane used a small ritual to sort of include
him as part owner of the Challis.  Her Athame, she put with the other tools -
wrapped in red silk.
     
      	Finally they were ready.  They knew it was time and as the moon shown
down with bright, clear light, they called the corners and created their circle. 
Ken wasn't sure, but he had to wonder if a glowing ring always appeared when a
circle was formed.  The pure, silver light was in a ring around them and, as he
looked up, a semi transparent globe around them.  He felt it.  He knew he was
supposed to feel it, but from everything he read, the only place you should see
it was in your mind.  He shrugged and turned toward Jane.
     
      	She was absolutely beautiful.  Large, firm breasts, long, black hair,
her naked sex proudly bared as she stood with her arms up and her legs slightly
spread.  She was looking at the moon, but he was looking at her.
     
      	There was lust, yes, but there was love flowing through him.  It was a
wonder how he could love this woman so intensely when they'd only just started
to get to know each other.  Still, in some ways, it seemed he'd known her
forever.  Then, it was time.
     
      	Ken was never able to recall what they chanted or how long they chanted
it.  He remembered that everything had made sense while they were doing it, but
now he couldn't even remember the words.  When they finished, there was a sphere
of light between them.  It seemed to be a combination between the most pure
sunlight and pure moonlight imaginable.  It expanded and Ken could feel the
excess energy draining from him and Jane until there was nothing left.  Then
their own life forces were drawn on in an effort to sustain the gate.
     
      	That didn't last long though and soon, the globe expanded into a column
of light until even that faded.  Finally, they were left with the candle light,
the still glowing sphere of silver they'd called and a woman.  Lea had come to
them.
     
      	Ken's body shook with exhaustion and he saw that Jane wasn't in any
better shape, as they both bent over panting, sweat pouring own their bodies. 
He stood and walked over to Jane, looking for where Lea was.  He reached Jane as
She approached them.
     
      	Lea was naked and stunningly beautiful.  Just looking at Her made his
body, tired as he was, want, no need, to respond to her.  Impossibly rich, curly
hair of bright copper flowed to her waist.  A small triangle of darker hair
covered her mons and her skin seemed to glow in the moonlight.  He could clearly
see her smiling at them as she approached.
     
      	Her scent hit them - Ken could actually feel the effect it had on Jane -
as Lea got closer.  It was the same as always, but seemed magnified almost as if
they'd never really been in Her presence.  She approached them with Jane's
Challis in her hand and motioned for them to kneel.
     
      	They did and She knelt with them and offered Ken the cup.
     
      	"Drink," She said, "drink deeply and be restored."
     
      	Ken held out his hands, not able to tear his eyes away from her face. 
She was just too beautiful - love, lust, promise, fulfillment - all seemed to
emanate from Her.  He was surprised to see his hands shaking as the grasped the
Challis.  His hands touched Hers and peace began to flood his exhausted body. 
He raised the Challis and saw pure silver light filled it.  Tipping it back, Her
hands still guiding him, he drank. 
     
      	The taste defied accurate description.  Sweet, musky, cool, filling, all
of those adjectives fit, but none completely described the experience.  Energy
filled him again, his exhaustion dropping away as the aftertaste of the drink
spread through his mouth.  Unsurprisingly, it reminded him of the taste of a
woman.
     
      	Lea never released the Challis, nor did Ken as it was given to Jane to
drink.  She smiled wearily as they lifted it to her lips.  Ken watched her body
relax and straighten as she drew in the fluid.
     
      	When she finished, Lea drained what was left in the cup, then set it
down.  She leaned forward and kissed Ken.  Every time he kissed Lea, it was
amazing, but this was beyond that.  She repeated the kiss with Jane and Ken felt
his blood began to heat watching Jane surrender so completely to her Goddess.
     
      	"Thank you both," said Lea.  "It has been long since I've been in the
world."
     
      	She looked around, noting the sphere of silver, the cast Circle that
still existed around them.   Her smiled held the glee of a child getting a
present, or a young girl experiencing something beautiful for the first time.
     
      	"It is safe now, to remove the protections," She said.
     
      	"Yes Mistress," said Jane, smoothly rising to her feet.  Ken followed
and while Lea joined hands with them, they removed the Circle.  Lea looked with
joy at the just blooming flowers in the garden, deeply inhaled the air and spun.
     
      	"I missed this," She said.  "thank you again for opening the Gate."  She
walked towards them, hands out and took one of theirs in Her own.  "Now, before
we can relax and enjoy ourselves, there is one last thing to do.  You will help
me to Name this place and in the Naming, we will make it ours.  Here, we will be
safe from many things both mundane and Magickal.  Here will be a sanctuary for
our followers.  This will be the place of our rebirth into the world."
     
      	She closed Her eyes and began to chant.  Ken and Jane followed suit, but
listening, not chanting.  They were unable to make out what She was saying.  It
soon became clear, however, and they joined Her.  Ken could feel his awareness
of the mansion and the grounds around it deepen.  Details of their look and feel
sank into his brain until he knew that he could find any point or any object on
the entire ten acre estate while blindfolded.  Awareness of every life, every
pool of water, brick and stone flooded his senses. 
     
      	Lea tied the Name of the mansion to that awareness, intertwined the Name
and Ken's name together, adding it to Her own, weaving them over the estate
until finally the knowledge was locked into his brain.  She brought Jane into
the weave and it was complete.
     
      	Ken opened his eyes and looked at Nemetodunun for the first time.  It
took a few seconds to recognize even the garden because everything seemed
overlaid with ... knowledge.   That was the only way he could describe it. 
Fortunately, the 'overlay' view faded quickly.  But only from his eyesight, not
his awareness.  He could feel Jane's presence, but interestingly enough, not
Lea's - at least not through that link.  His awareness of Her was the same as it
always had been but somehow brighter in his mind.

      
      	They dropped hands, Lea's happiness washing over them.  Jane went and
retrieved a plate with bread, butter and honey on it.  There were some sweet
cakes too, and Ken wondered where they'd come from since he couldn't recall
buying any today.
     
      	Jane knelt in front of them, offering the plate in such a way as to make
it seem she was offering herself as well.  "Master, Mistress," she said.
     
      	Lea took some of the rich, dark bread and dipped it into the honey and
Ken took one of the cakes.  Before eating, they took the plate from Jane and
pulled her to her feet.  She seemed almost embarrassed to stand in the presence
of Lea, but Lea smiled and kissed her, then fed her a nibble of the bread with
the honey on it.  Some dribbled onto Jane's chin and Lean followed the runnel
with her tongue, sucking the sweetness into her mouth.  Jane groaned and Ken
felt himself thicken and harden.  Lea took a bit of the bread as Ken ate the
cake - which was surprisingly tasty.
     
      	The ate in silent companionship, Lea and Ken feeding Jane who'd taken
possession of the plate again.  There hadn't been a lot of food there, and soon
it as gone.  Ken was still quite hungry and sensed Jane was as well.  They were
unwilling to suggest anything since they had no idea what Lea wanted to do.
     
      	"Why," suggested Lea, "don't you give me a tour of this beautiful
mansion we have here? We can start," she said with sparkling eyes, "with the
kitchen."
     
      	They laughed and headed inside.
     
      	Forty-five minutes later, they were in the Master bedroom.  Lea had
taken delight in everything they'd shown Her.  Ken knew that She really didn't
need a tour of the house.  But it gave them all time to adjust to Her being
here.  Ken didn't bother restoring power to the mansion.  Tomorrow would be soon
enough.
     
      	Lea was fascinated by the bathroom - the shower area especially.
     
      	"Soon, you will show me the wonders of this whirl pool, yes?" she
commented.  "but for now, this looks very interesting."
     
      	'This', was the shower area.  Ken hadn't really looked at it since the
first day he'd been at the house.  There were bathrooms everywhere, so he'd just
used whichever one was near.  Lea turned on the water, delighting in the
waterfall effect of the showerhead.  She simply stood underneath, and the vision
of her body under the water only dimly illuminated by candle light made all
thought flee from his mind.  He stepped into the stream with her and Jane wasn't
far behind.
     
      	He was quickly jolted out of his fantasy as icy water poured over his
body.  It was a rude shock which jarred him back into the here and now.
     
      	"Holy shit!" he exclaimed as he jumped back."  Jane's squeal combined
with Lea's laughter at their reaction.  Jane had also been drawn in by Lea's
allure.
     
      	Ken stood there shivering and said, "Damn - I forgot that all the hot
water in the house is supplied by on-demand water heaters.  Electric ones."
     
      	"Is that all?" asked Lea in a tone of voice that suggested he was being
very silly.  Ken nodded - he absolutely hated the cold. "Come, both of you and
join me."  Steam began to rise from the water.  Tentatively Ken stuck a finger
in the stream.  It was the perfect temperature.    Jane soon joined him and they
were treated to the novel opportunity of washing, and being washed by, a
Goddess.
     
      	There was a great deal of fondling and playing under the water and Ken
was hard in short order, with Jane on her knees sucking him.  Lea was kissing
him and fondling Jane's hair.  Soon, they were in huge bed in the other room,
piling in together, kissing and licking.
     
      	The ended up with Ken kneeling between Lea's spread legs while Jane was
kissing Her.  He realized, at that moment, that he'd never had the opportunity
to taste her.  She'd kissed him, given him blow jobs, but he'd never been able
to return the favor.  He began kissing her smooth thighs and was amazed that
even after the shower, her skin retained a taste that drove him wild.  By the
time he got to her pussy, it would have taken only a touch to his cock to set
him off. He opened her lower lips, covered by sparse hair that was softer than
velvet,  with his fingers and drew in her heady scent.  All the control he'd
begun to take for granted over these past weeks fled and he actually had to draw
away from her lest he just cum on the sheets.

    	"Jane love," said Lea, breaking their kiss, "Please take care of your
Master.  I believe that he could use your help."

    	Ken guided Jane's head between his legs while Lea watched and smiled,
her fingers drifting over her thick, erect nipples, lightly pulling on them.  It
took literally seconds for him to cum in her mouth, which surprised her enough
that the first shot of cum caught her in the face.  She quickly pushed his cock
back into her mouth and sucked as the remaining spurts shot from his body.  He
was still hard when she finished, but could now return his attentions to Lea -
which he eagerly did.  Jane continued sucking on him while he slid his fingers
over Lea's slippery sex.  She was coated with juice and when he dipped his
tongue into her, the taste almost made him orgasm again.
   
    	He continued licking and sucking on the delicate lips of Her pussy,
finally finding Her clit and pulling it into his mouth.  Her hips arched as he
flicked his tongue over it, then moved up and down against his tongue as he took
long licks through Her entire slit.  He longed to be inside Her, but something
kept him from sliding even a finger into Her depths.  She orgasmed, cum oozing
out of Her soaked pussy.  Ken eagerly lapped it up noting that there was no
inrush of energy when She had her orgasm.  Well, duh, he thought.
   
    	He started building Lea back up again, Jane was back to kissing Her
while She fondled Jane's bare pussy.  He knew Lea was doing something to Jane
other than just lightly running her fingers over Jane's sex.  Jane twitched,
moaned and finally came when Lea rested her thumb on her clit while pushing
three fingers inside.
   
    	"Kenneth," came Lea's husky voice, "it is time for you to be inside me." 
She was smiling, but the look in Her eyes told him that, as usual, there was
something he didn't know that he was about to find out.
   
    	Shaking, he got on his hands and knees and moved up Her body.  Jane lay
next to them, smiling and running her fingers over Lea's breast as Ken lined up
with Her, then started easing his large cock into Her body.
   
    	He figured out immediately why She had that look in Her eyes.  Lea, the
Goddess of sex was, at least in this moment, a virgin.  He froze.  He'd never
been with a virgin.  The fact that She was a Goddess, amusingly enough, was
completely forgotten.
   
    	"You, you're a ..."  he was shocked.
   
    	"Not for long," She said with a huge smile, "I hope."
   
    	Ken got the hint and began to slid into Her.  It wasn't easy and he knew
that taking someone's virginity could be a very painful experience, so he tried
to go slowly.
   
    	Lea had to have been following his thoughts.  "What makes you think that
I don't like a little pain?"  She asked.  "You cannot really hurt me, you know."
   
    	Ken took the hint and pushed - hard.  She was soaked down there but
piercing Her barrier wasn't easy.  Her face radiated pleasure as he finally
pushed through, sliding deep into Her with the rest of the stroke.  She moaned,
causing both Ken and Jane to shudder.  He would have cum, She felt so good, but
he suspected that She was blocking it.  That was all right with him.
   
    	He pulled back, then entered Her again, the feel of Her body such that
he absolutely knew She was blocking his orgasm.  When he pulled out a third
time, She reached between them for a second, then brought Her hand up.  Even in
the moon light and candle light, it was easy to see Her fingers were coated with
Her juices, and Her blood.
   
    	She pushed one finger into his mouth and his senses exploded with the
combined tastes.  It was so amazing that he pushed back into Her hard, causing
Her to smile.  Her other finger She offered to Jane, who actually shuddered and
came as she cleaned it with her tongue.
   
    	Ken picked up his pace.  He got the feeling that She wasn't going to
wait much longer and he was right.  His orgasm was not just with his cock - it
exploded through his entire body, each muscle, each nerve ending, every particle
detonating with pleasure to the point where he began to feel his sense of self
dissolve.
   
    	The next time he opened his eyes, he was on his back and Lea was riding
him gently using Her internal muscles to keep him hard. 
   
    	"Jane," She said lifting off his cock, "I'm sure that you can think of a
good way to please me, yes?"
   
    	Jane was immediately on her back under Lea, pulling the dripping pussy
onto her open mouth.  Lea purred with pleasure, feeling Jane's tongue dance over
her slick, swollen flesh.  The purr did amazing things to Ken since by that
time, Lea had his entire cock down her throat, licking and sucking off all the
fluids that had gathered on it.  They both came again.
   
    	"I think it's time," said Lea after giving them a few minutes to
recover, "to turn our attentions to this delightful slave of yours Kenneth."
   
    	Ken smiled his agreement and Jane shuddered as they looked at her.  It
was going to be a long night.
   
    	Light streamed into the bedroom, slamming into Ken's eyelids with almost
bruising force.  He lay there, his cock hardening as he remembered the things
they had done last night.  His last memory was of them falling asleep, Lea
between them.  He opened his eyes, but he and Jane were alone in the bed.  Jane
was still asleep - which was no surprise at all.  Between him and Lea she'd had
quite a night.  He'd never seen her so submissive - which was saying something. 
She'd been completely accepting of every painful humiliation that they'd
inflicted on her, completely at their whim and mercy -  of which there'd been
none.  She'd been in her version of heaven.  Of course, this morning, there
wasn't a mark on her.  She'd be disappointed about that.
   
    	Ken was restless so he quietly got up.  The mansion was silent and it
took him a few minutes to remember that all the power was still off.  He didn't
even know what time it was and, at the moment, he didn't care.
   
    	Throwing on a pair of shorts, he went to the utility room and threw on
the main breakers.  Then he stood there in confusion for a moment as he
literally felt the power begin to flood the house.  He was connected with
Nemetodunum in ways he just couldn't get his brain around.  Yet.
   
    	After restoring power, he stumbled over to the kitchen and opened the
fridge.  It was surprisingly cool in there and he realized that it was probably
designed to stay cold for a long time.  Yay high quality appliances!  He took a
deep drink of cool water, then set about trying to make coffee.  It was a bit of
an adventure since even this kitchen was large and he had no idea where the
coffee pot was.  He finally found it, figured out how to use it and got it
started while munching on some toast.
   
    	Ken picked up his cell phone from the counter and turned it on.  At
least it had the time - good gods it was after eleven! 
   
      	A few seconds later, the phone beeped, indicating that there were
messages.  One was from Ally.  She hoped they were doing well and wondered when
they were coming home.  She was waiting for them to call her before doing
anything.  The other was from Joan who wanted to meet with them Monday about the
house and to tell them she hoped they had enjoyed their first night at the
mansion.  Ken grinned.  Enjoy didn't even come close.  Then he grinned wider
realizing that he had every intention of having Joan over to 'enjoy' the mansion
as well.
     
      	The coffee was ready so Ken poured himself and Jane a cup, added more
toast to the pile and wandered up to the bedroom.  He slowly woke his beautiful
slave who rolled over with a groan, her muscles obviously stiff despite the lack
of marks on her body.
     
      	Jane opened her eyes and said, "Is that coffee I smell?"
     
      	"Yes dear," Ken smiled.
     
      	She levered herself up on the pillow and took the offered cup.  She
sipped it, then closed her eyes in contentment.  Ken could feel the stiffness in
her body, and the vast contentment she radiated at having been pushed to, and in
some cases, beyond, her limits while serving the two people she was completely
devoted to.
     
      	"Thank you, Master," she said.  He knew she wasn't just talking about
the coffee and toast.  She polished off four pieces by the time he'd eaten one,
but he'd already had some cereal and wasn't as hungry.   They stumbled into the
bathroom and Ken started the shower, then peed.  He turned toward the sink and
stopped.
     
      	"Don't you own a tooth brush?" he asked her.
     
      	Jane's deep blue eyes were pools of innocence as she looked at him and
nodded.  Ken contented himself with stroking her thighs and belly until she
finished - cupping her sore breasts as she bent over the sink to rinse her
mouth.  Her wet pussy found itself impaled on his cock in short order.
     
      	He was gentle with her - even Jane had her limits, inhuman as they were,
and gently drove them to a very satisfying cum.  He brushed his teeth while she
slid into the shower to enjoy the steaming water as it flowed over her. 
     
      	It was just after one when they decided that Jane would go pick up Ally
and bring her to her new home - should she want to live here.  They figured she
would, but they wanted to give her the option.  Ken explained what he had in
mind for the girl and Jane agreed that it was an excellent plan. 
     
      	They called Ally while eating more food and said Jane would be by to
pick her up.   When they finished, she left and Ken went about reconnecting all
the things he'd disconnected the night before.  It was a little disorienting
feeling the mansion come alive as he reconnected things.  He felt the front gate
open and Jane leave the estate.  He could feel that he was alone on the ten
acres of property - almost.  Most of all, he smiled as he felt Lea's presence
everywhere.
     
      End part 21

Note: Thanks to a scholar friend of mine - who will remain unnamed - that helped
me come up with Nemetodunum.  At least she had a clue.




Avatar 

Part 22

      	Ken was lounging by the small pool when he felt the main gate open.  Jane was back with Ally. 
Interesting, he thought. Not only could he tell they were on the property, but he could tell who they
were.   Jane was smugly satisfied, but Ally; poor Ally was in a serious state.  A, 'Oh my Goddess
please anyone fuck me now' state.  He wondered what the hell Jane had done.
      
      	Ken met them at the door as Jane pulled up in the X5.  She got out of the car, but he didn't
see Ally - even though he knew she was there.  
      
      	She was there all right.  In the back.  Jane grinned at him while motioning him to stay put as
she opened the hatch and helped the girl out. No wonder why she
was going nuts.
      
      	Jane had closed off her vision with a leather blindfold, just as Ken had done to her on the
way here.  But that was only the beginning.  She'd also gagged her with a nice red ball gag, used
straps to bind her arms together behind her back - elbows, wrists and forearms touching.  A very
tight waist cinch was cutting into her middle with a crotch strap splitting the girl's cunt.  Her
hair was pulled back in a ponytail and she was wearing high heels.  Her nude skin shone brightly in
the sun, which glinted off the nipple clamps Jane had applied.
      
      	"Well," said Ken, "that is certainly a novel way to travel.  What did she do to piss you off?"
      
      	Jane giggled, "Oh Master, she didn't piss me off.  Although I did piss on, or rather in, her
before we left."  
      
      	Ken knelt in front of the shaking teen.  Her scent was strong and he could see that the crotch
strap was holding a dildo in her pussy.  A large dildo, if it was the one he thought it was.  Cunt
juice wet her thighs.
      
      	"She was feeling a little randy, so I thought I'd help her out," said Jane.
      
      	"Hmm, I suspect that 'help out' is a relative term," he replied.  "It doesn't look like she
objects though.  Do you Ally?"
      
      	Ally nodded in agreement.  Ken could feel her lust rising, and his own rose with it.
      
      	"So," he said casually, knowing the effect it would have on the teen, "do we fuck her and then
show her around?  Or should we give her the tour first?"
      
      	More waves of lust emanated from Ally as they casually discussed the use of her body.
      
      	"I think she'd like to wait.  I'm sure she'd love to know where she is," replied Jane.
      
      	Ally groaned.  She really needed to cum, and knowing how much she was at their mercy didn't
diminish that. 
      
      	"Hmm," Ken said.  "You might be right."  Ally whimpered in disagreement.  She wanted to cum
NOW.  "After all, at the moment, for all she knows we're not the only two people watching her."
      
      	Ally almost collapsed in lust from the thought that they might be displaying her to other
people.  Her need was obvious, she couldn't hide it even from the most casual observer and that
thought drove her wild.  Her breathing deepened almost to a pant and her nostrils flared, as if she
were trying to use her nose to detect other people.
      
      	Ken and Jane continued their discussion while Ally waited, sweat trickling down her body from
the sun.  Ken knew they couldn't play here for too long - her fair skin would burn in short order. 
Finally, Jane removed the ball gag, admonishing the girl not to speak, and Ken removed the strap from
between her legs.  The dildo was coated with her white cream, which she was required to lick off. 
Jane pulled Ken's blanket out of the back and put it on the grass on the other side of the driveway
and they led Ally over to it.
      
      	She was placed face down on her knees with her shoulders to the ground and Ken slid his cock
into her.  She groaned as he split her wide, but she was so wet that he slid inside with ease.  Jane
joined Ken and rubbed the girl's clit while licking her asshole, occasionally penetrating it with a
long, pointed tongue.
      
      	Ally didn't last long and screamed her orgasm, completely forgetting that they might not be in
a private place.  Her second one was even stronger because Jane drove a finger into her slick asshole
while releasing the clamps on her nipples.  Pain and pleasure flooded the girl along with Ken's cum. 
Finally, Ken pulled out of the sweat soaked, panting girl.  Jane held a bottle of cool water to her
lips and Ally drank greedily.
      
      	"Are you ready to see the surprise?" asked Ken a few minutes later.
      
      	"Yes Sir," said Ally. 
      
      	Jane reached for the straps binding her wrists while Ken moved to take off the blindfold.
      
      	"Please," said Ally, "would it be OK to leave the straps on?"
      
      	Ken chuckled, "You don't think that might be a little distracting?"
      
      	Ally blushed and replied, "Actually it's pretty comfortable.  Is it OK?"
      
      	He and Jane shrugged and he said, "Sure."
      
      	They helped her to her feet and Ken removed the blindfold while standing in front of her until
her eyes got used to the light.  Then he stepped away and gave the bound teen her first look at
Nemetodunum.
      
      	At first, she was completely confused, then totally embarrassed.  She thought it was a hotel
and that she was standing there, bound and naked with cum oozing down her legs, in view of all the
guests.  She shook her head in disbelief when they told her it wasn't a hotel.
      
      	"No," said Ken smiling, "it's not a hotel.  It's our new home"
      
      	"Our new home?" she stammered.  "As in all of us?"
      
      	"Well yes - provided you'd like to live here too," he said.
      
      	"I'm sorry, this is a bit much," she said, then  "Would it be OK if I asked to be untied?"
      
      	They slowly released her and rubbed her shoulders while she looked in amazement at the front
of the mansion.
      
      	"You really own this?" she asked.
      
      	"Yes."
      
      	"Then why do you have the other house?"
      
      	He laughed and said, "I'll tell you what - how about we explain everything while we give you
the tour.  Are you up to it?"
      
      	Ally nodded, still not trusting herself to speak.  Ken explained about the lottery, although
not Lea's part in it, as they walked her around the house.  When they passed the second bathroom on
the first floor, Ally asked to excused herself.
     
      	"Um, if it's OK, I'm sort of a mess.  Could I just clean up a bit?"
      
      	Jane followed her into the bathroom where Ken was treated to the sight of Ally peeing, then
Jane licking her pussy clean.  She also licked up the cum that had been oozing out of her red pussy
and even sucked the girl to another orgasm to get out the last of the cum during her spasms.  Ally
was still pretty worked up, since the mansion wasn't a reality for her yet, and Jane had her cuming
in moments.  Jane was in a state too, but Ken knew she liked it that way.
      
      	Ken mentioned that since Ally was nude, perhaps Jane should join her?  The words were scarcely
out of his mouth before Jane began to strip.  She ended up leaving her clothes in a small pile in the
study along with Ally's heels.

      	They continued the tour, showing her everything and ending up in the garden where they'd
formed the gate last night.  They'd brought in the Challis and Athame and Jane had hidden them away,
but Ally stopped right at the edge of where the Circle had been cast last night.  She shook her head
and backed away.
      
      	"What's wrong?" asked Ken.
      
      	"Nothing.  I know this is really weird, but it's not time for me to ... to enter that yet." 
Ally was clearly as confused as they were, but Ken suspected that something, or rather someone, was
at work.  They left and ended up sitting in the kitchen while Jane prepared them some food.
      
      	"So you really are going to live here?" she said.
      
      	"Yes, Jane and I will be moving our clothes and a few other things in.  Maybe tonight or
tomorrow."
      
      	"What about the other house?"
      
      	"Well, that depends a bit on you.  You can live here - it's not like we don't have the space,
or at the house."
      
      	Jane sat down and they began munching on the sandwiches.
      
     	 "I could really live here?" Ally asked.
      
      	"Yes."
      
      	"Do," she swallowed, "do you want me to live here?"
      
      	"Yes."
      
      	Ally looked down, tears misting her eyes.  She really had fallen deeply in love with these two
and her life just kept getting better.  Ken had to remind himself, again, that she was just seventeen
and this might all be a bit much for her.
      
      	"Ally," he said,  "Jane and I don't want to force you into anything.  I'm keeping the house
one way or another, so if you feel you need to stay there, that's fine.  We'd love to have you here
with us, though."
      
      	"We both love you Ally," said Jane, "and we don't want to be separated from you.  But we
understand this is a lot to take in and you might need some time."
      
      	"No." said Ally firmly.  "No, I took all the time I needed when I stayed away the other night.
 I don't like it when I'm not with you and I want to live here."
      
      	They kissed her and Ken said, "Excellent.  And while we're on the subject, I have another
proposition for you."
      
      	"Oh?" said Ally.  She leaned back on the stool and spread her legs, "I'm all yours Sir."
      
      	"Jane," said Ken, "you've been corrupting this innocent little girl, haven't you?"
      
      	"Me, Sir?" she replied, pulling on her nipple bars so her long nipples hardened.  "I wouldn't
do that to an impressionable young woman."
      
      	Met with identical grins, Ken gave into the inevitable.   A half hour later they were in the
shower in the master bedroom.
      
      	"You should choose a room for yourself," said Ken.  At the look on her face he amended, "Ally,
of course we assume you'll be sleeping with us.  But what about those times when you need peace and
quiet?  Or if you bring a lover here and want some time with him or her?  Or if you - or we - are
just crabby and you need alone time.  Don't think we're throwing you out or anything.  I just brought
it up so that you knew you had the option."
      
      	It was clear that she didn't think she'd ever need it, but Ally agreed to select a room to
call her own.  Ken didn't think she'd need it either, but didn't want to crowd her.  Once they were
dried off, they headed for the pool.  Ally wiggled like a puppy when they spread suntan lotion over
her.  She was quite happy.
      
      	"There's one other thing I wanted to run past you," Ken said. 
      
     	 "Yes?" came her relaxed voice.
      
      	"How many jobs do you work?"
      
      	"Two," she replied, curiosity tingeing her voice.
      
      	"What's that, twenty hours a week?"
      
      	"Closer to thirty, actually.  But I had to pay for school.  I don't qualify for any of the
scholarships.  My mom took out loans for me and I have to pay them back."
      
      	"I'll make you a deal," he said.  "Quit your jobs and work for me.  I'll triple what you're
making now, and I'll cover all of your school expenses."
      
      	That got her attention.  "What would I do?" she asked warily.
      
      	"This is a large house, as you might have noticed.  I have no interest in running the
day-to-day details.  Cleaning, cooking, paying bills, that sort of thing.  I want someone else to do
it.  That someone could be you."
      
      	"Sir, there's no way that would take me thirty hours a week!"
      
      	"I'm not interested in paying you for hours worked - I want to pay you for jobs done.  I'll
have the money deposited directly into your account.  As long as you get at least a B in each course
you take, I'll pay for your tuition - through grad school, if you'd like."
      
      	Ally felt like she was in a waking dream and Ken couldn't remember a time when he'd felt
better.  It was SO amazingly cool to be able to give this bright young woman the where-with-all to do
what she wanted with her life.
      
      	"I'm not kidding," said Ken.  "And I'll deposit the money for school in a fund - Monday if you
like, even if you decide you don't want to work for me."
      
      	He knew she wouldn't refuse.  It gave her a way to give back to them - even if she was getting
paid for it.  
      
      	"I accept," she said.  She curled into his arms, hugging and kissing him, then launched into
Jane's lap for more of the same.
      
      	It was about three thirty when the Ken's cell phone rang.  He answered it to find Genie on the
line.
      
      	"Hello," he said.
      
      	"Um... Hi, Ken?  This is Genie."
      
      	"Hi Genie," he returned with a smile in his voice.  "What's up?"
      
      	"Um I just wanted to know..." She sounded embarrassed and Ken immediately remembered that they
were supposed to have dinner with her.  Thank the Goddess that he'd had more of a working brain on
Friday and gotten reservations a head of time!
      
      	"About dinner," he finished.  "Sorry, it's been kinda nuts around here the last day or so.  Is
six OK with you?"
      
     	 She tried to beg off, if they were so busy, but Ken wouldn't hear of it.  He told her which
restaurant to meet them at, reminding her that this was their treat.  If she didn't already know, she
might freak out that the place was like a hundred dollars a plate.  He told her to wear something
nice and hung up.
      
      	"Well," he said, "looks like it's a night on the town for us!"
      
      	Jane looked happy, and Ally looked unsure.  Ken said, "I hope that you girls don't take too
long to get ready, since we don't have a hell of a lot of time."
      
      	"Where are we going?" asked Ally.  Ken told her and her eyes widened in surprise.  "Sir, most
of my clothes are still at my mom's.  And even if they were here, I don't have anything that would be appropriate..."
     
      	"Nonsense," said Jane, "Let's take a quick shower and hit the mall.  I *know* there will be
something there."
      
      	Ally, still not used to this, tried to beg off, but Jane just gave her a look - one that Ken
was coming to recognize, and she backed off.  He really was going to have to find out what was going
on with these two.
      
      	Twenty minutes later, they were heading for the mall.  When they arrived Jane headed directly
toward one of the higher end stores.  Faster, than Ken would have believed possible, she'd spent well
over three hundred dollars on outfits for her and Ally.  Ken, who was wearing nice slacks, a sports
jacket and polo shirt, wondered why he bothered.  As long as the two women were near him, no one
would be looking at him.
      
      	Jane had chosen a deep blue dress - simple, but elegant.  The back plunged almost to her ass,
and the front showed a lot of her cleavage.  It was obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra, because
her firm breasts were clearly outlined by the clinging material.  As were her pierced nipples.  The
dress had a point on the left side that went almost to her knee, but otherwise showed a great deal of
leg.  She added heels and her height, narrow waist, large breasts and long, long legs would garner a
great deal of attraction tonight.
      
      	Ally, being younger and smaller, and gotten a very short black mini skirt.  Her top was a
pearl colored, skin tight, sleeveless pullover.  It accented her slim build, but the deep V in the
center made it very clear she wasn't wearing anything but the top.  Of course, the fact that her hard
nipples were faintly visible also made that clear.
      
      	Then it was off to Victoria's secret for nice panties and stockings.  While they were waiting
for Ally to finish choosing, Ken looked at Jane.  He knew that she wasn't wearing a bra, but her
breasts had no sag at all.  She caught his gaze and smiled.
      
      	"I don't understand it either.  They're as firm as they were when I was sixteen - just a
little larger."  Then she gave him a wider grin, "More sensitive too."
      
      	Ken filed that little nugget away for future contemplation.  Now that he thought about it, he
realized that both he and Jane were looking pretty damn good.  What little extra padding he'd
accumulated was gone, and she was looking very firm and sleek.
      
      	They were getting short on time by the time the girls finished, but Ken had to admit that the
wait was well worth it.  He realized that they - all three of them, were getting looks from some of
the people in the store.  Some of them were pretty hungry looks too.  He made an effort to reduce his
... output for lack of a better word.  He could see the effect the two of them were having on Ally,
whose eyes were sparkling and whose nipples were easily seen through her thin top.  Others were
taking notice of them though, so it was definitely time to move on.
      
      	They got the restaurant with ten minutes to spare.  Genie was already there and waiting for
them.  She was also looking marvelously sexy.  It looked like short skirts were the uniform of the
day.  Gee, thought Ken, what a bummer.  She too was wearing heels, however her legs were bare
underneath the white skirt she wore.  The tan top wasn't quite as revealing as what Ally was wearing,
but every bit as sexy.   It appeared that Genie was wearing a camisole under the top rather than a
bra.  Her C cup breasts moved very nicely under the top.
            
      	He noted that, despite the fact that nothing showed on her face, she was disappointed to see
Ally.  She'd been hoping for more fun and games.
      
      	Jane just jumped right in with a kiss and a hug for Genie, followed by a very thorough kiss,
which caused the woman to flush to the top of her blouse.  Her breathing quickened further when Ken also
hugged her and kissed her, his tongue dancing in her mouth reminding her of what it would feel like
in her pussy.  Her very, very wet pussy covered by the sticky panties she'd been wearing all day in
anticipation of... Ken broke the kiss, and his deepening contact, and smiled at her.
      
      	"Genie, I'd like you to meet Ally," said Ken by way of introduction. 
      
      	Ally gave Genie a big smile and said, "Hmm, with the way you guys said hello to her, I'm
feeling a little left out."
      
      	It was an obvious invitation to Genie, who picked up on it after only a second or so of
hesitation.
      
      	"Why Miss Ally," she said in a fair imitation of a Southern Bell, "We haardly know each other."
     
     	"Maybe we should change that," said Ally.  Her grin got even wider and she stepped close to
Genie, gently offering herself for a kiss.  She left it to Genie to make the move though.  Genie was
hesitant, not knowing how far to go with this sweet little redhead.
      
      	"Submissives!" said Jane in disgust.  "Kiss already!"
      
      	Genie shot them a nervous grin, then bent her lips to Ally's to share a tentative kiss.  Ally
blushed deeply when they parted, shy after her aggressive behavior.
      
      	They headed into the restaurant.  Ken saw that his assessment of people's reactions was
correct; no one was taking any notice of him whatsoever.
      
      	The food was excellent and the conversation better.  Ken mainly listened as the ladies spoke
on a wide range of subjects.  They seemed to feed off each other's views and insights and Ken learned
a lot about the present state of the country.
      
      	It wasn't that he'd been oblivious to what had been going on.  Just not very focused, and, he
admitted somewhat shamefully, disinterested in the direction that his country was going it.  And from
what they were saying, it was going in a very bad direction.
      
      	Ken had always kept an eye on things that effected computers and the internet - giving several
hundred dollars a year to the EFF and other agencies working to keep the congress critters complete
ignorance of technology from destroying it.  He was appalled though, at how the President had lied
about so many things and how he had flat out ignored the law on many occasions.  It became obvious
when Ken added what he'd been reading in the news to the comments that the women were making, that
there was precious little separation of church and state anymore.  Not only that, but women's rights
were being underhandedly destroyed by the creation of various bills to protect this and that.  Ken
was sickened.
      
      	They were talking about marriage, when Ken interjected.  "It seems to me that this, at least,
should be clear cut."
      
      	Jane snorted and looked at him.  "Right."
      
      	"Really," he said.  "Christians and Muslims don't believe in the same faith, but have no
problem recognizing a marriage."
      
      	"But the government..." began Genie.
      
     	 "Hold on," said Ken, raising his hand.  "I think that if the Christian church doesn't want gay
people to get married in their faith, they have that right.  There are plenty of religions that have
no problem with gay marriage.  So the real problem is that there's no separation of church and state
- at least between the Christian, Jewish and other large faiths and the state.  Because the
government shouldn't have the right to define marriage - only the people involved should have that
right.  All the government should do is recognize the fact that those people ARE married and act
accordingly.  You know, by raising their taxes and other things like that."
      
      	They all chuckled.  Ken could read that Genie was wondering if this was the time that she
could bring up relationships - specifically what kind of relationship he and Jane, and most likely
Ally, were sharing.
      
      	"Speaking of that," he said, turning toward Genie, "I promised you some information on the
kind of arrangement Jane and I and Ally have."
      
      	Ally blushed and her heartbeat quickened from being included in Ken's comment.  It made her
feel loved in a way that she'd never experienced.
      
      	"Uh, yeah," said Genie as she looked from Ken to Ally.  She was somewhat at a loss, since it
seemed like he'd just picked what she wanted to talk about right from her brain.  She recovered and
said, "I seem to remember you mentioning something like that.  Of course, I was a bit distracted at
the time."
      
      	Jane reached over and took her hand and said, "Genie dear, we'd just fucked your brains out."
      
      	Genie looked guiltily in Ally's direction, but Ally just smiled and shook her head.  "Don't
look at me.  All they told me was that someone was coming over.  Apparently I got home too late to
join in."  Surprising herself she continued with, "More's the pity."  This time it was Genie's turn
to blush.  
      
      	That started a round of discussion on the type of relationship that Ally, Jane and Ken had.  
Jane billed herself as a simple slave girl, at the mercy of Ken and Ally.  That comment fooled
exactly no one, but did open up the discussion of sexual, and other, types of slavery.  Genie knew
about Jane, of course, but Ken could see she was burning with curiosity about Ally.  He was a bit
unsure of her place himself.  Not her place in their relationship, but where she wanted to go with
the whole slave thing.  
      
      	When it came up, Jane just looked at Ally and said, "She's still learning."  
      
      	"I think," said Ken, "That as time goes on, we'll become a family.  Sort of a group marriage."
      
      	"Oh," said Genie, "Like in the Heinlein stories."
      
      	"Who?" asked Ken.
      
      	That got him around of dirty looks.  He'd heard of the author, but he preferred hardcore
science fiction to the more fluffy stuff.  He was frostily informed by his slave that he really
should think about reading some Heinlein as the man had written many excellent SF books.  From the
look in her eye, it was obvious that some of those books would be making an appearance in the study.
      
      	The conversation turned to what Heinlein's views had been on the subject of relationships. 
Ken thought that what he was trying to build was very similar.
      
      	"Thing is," said Ally, "People aren't really like that."
      
      	Ken and Jane smiled and looked at her.  "We're like that, Ally," he said gently.  She turned
thoughtful for a moment. 
      
      	"I guess," she said.  "Sometimes it's hard for me to forget all those years in church."
      
      	"Ah," said Ken, "the Jealous God.  Thou shall love none but Me.  Doesn't seem to fit with what
we're trying to build, does it?"
      
      	Genie was silent.  Ken could feel her wondering where she fit in with all this.  She had no
idea what she felt about it.  She liked Ken and Jane, and they had great sex.  Somehow, Ally made her
panties wetter almost every time she looked at her.  But a relationship?  How would her parents feel
if she ended up in something like this?
      
      	Ken said, "I know that we invited you to ... play with us again.  But we recognize that
knowing what you're playing with might be a little disturbing to you.  Ally wasn't with us the other
night, and if she had been, things might have been different.  You might not be attracted to Ally..."
      
      	"No!" broke in Genie, "that's not true."  She stopped flushing darkly.  It was obvious from
her vociferous outburst that she was quite taken with the minx.  "I, uh..." she stopped, covering her
face in embarrassment.
      
      	"Genie, I wasn't trying to make you uncomfortable," Ken said.  "The point I was trying to make
is that you don't have to want to have sex with all of us.  Or enter into a relationship with all of
us - or even any of us.  But I can speak for Jane and I when I say you are welcome to get to know us
better and to spend some play time with us."  He glanced at Ally, throwing the ball in her court.  He
knew how she felt, but didn't want to speak for her.  She would have accepted it on one level, but
resented it on a much deeper one.
      
      	Ally looked at Genie who was recovering from her embarrassment and said softly, "I liked your
kiss Genie."
      
      It was all she said, but the look in her eyes made Genie's body flush with heat.  Her panties
were now soaked enough that she feared for her skirt and the hard little points of her nipples were
tenting her top.
      
      	"Oh my God, you guys are gonna kill me."
      
      	"Goddess," Ally corrected softly.
      
      	"Huh?" asked Genie.
      
      	"A conversation for another time," cut in Ken with a smile.  "Anyone for dessert?"
      
      	There were yes's all around for that one.  He and Jane plowed through their dessert while Ally
and Genie ate a little more sparingly.  Ken was noticing that the increase in his appetite wasn't
affecting his weight.  If anything, he'd trimmed down.  Hmmm.
      
      	Once dinner was finished and the bill paid, they got ready to leave.  Genie was totally horny
by this time.  Of course, during dinner the women and flocked to the bathroom together, which had
kept her from being able to relieve herself and now she was sure there was now a wet spot on the back
of her skirt.
      
      	Once they were outside, Ken said to her, "Would you like to come back to the house?"
      
      	Genie had, in fact, come prepared to spend the night with them.  The addition of Ally made her
a little unsure, but increased her desires, rather than dampening them.
      
      	"I... don't want to intrude..." she began.
      
      	"Genie, we just got finished explaining the situation.  You're more than welcome," Ken said.
      
      	"Genie," said Ally almost at the same time, "I do have my own room.  You can have all the time
you need with Ken and Jane and I promise I won't mind."
      
      	Genie could see she was sincere, but her heart quickened and the heat returned to her body
when the small teen touched her arm.  She though she could detect the faintest hint of musk from the
other girl and it made her knees weak.  Not trusting herself to speak, she just nodded and shortly
found herself with an armful of warm redhead.  Genie actually moaned as her mouth was penetrated by
Ally's tongue.
      
      	"Well," said Jane dryly, "that settles that."
      
      	"Do you mind if Jane drives your car to our place?" asked Ken.
      
      	Genie's brain was a little foggy now.  "Uh ... what?  No, I don't care.  But I can just follow
you guys."
      
      	"You could," said Ken.  "But we have this little tradition..."
      
      End part 22

	As always, thanks to MWTB for his help in going over the chapters.  




Avatar 
Part 23

      	Genie followed Ken back to the X5 after leading Jane to her car and giving her the keys. 
Before they split up, she handed Ally something, then whispered in her ear.  Ally grinned and nodded.
 The women were once again Up To Something. 
      
      	When they got to the X5, Ally suggested that she and Genie sit in the back.  Before Ken could
figure out what to use as a blindfold for Genie, Ally spoke up.
      
      	"Genie," she said, "you should close your eyes."
      
      	"What?  Why?" asked the woman.
      
      	Ally just smiled and Ken said, "Well, it's tradition.  You should be blindfolded for your first trip to the house."
      
      	"But I've already been there," protested Genie.
      
      	"The circumstance were a little different then," said Ken.  "I promise you won't be
disappointed."
      
      	"OK," said Genie, her voice showing a bit of doubt.
      
      	"Now keep 'em closed," said Ally.  "No peekin'."
      
      	Ken watched as Ally squirmed around her seat and removed her panties.  They were a pair of
filmy 'boy shorts' - a type of panty that seemed to cover a lot skin while displaying it most
provocatively.  He watched as she took a sheer stocking, one of Jane's he thought, and used it to
bind the panties over Genie's eyes.  He noted that she'd somehow managed to place the crotch so that
it was close to Genie's nose.  He heard her gasp slightly as she caught Ally' scent.  The panties
were quite wet and he could smell them from the front seat.  Of course, he now knew that his sense of
smell was pretty abnormal.
      
      	While the effects on Genie weren't outwardly apparent, Ken felt a huge increase in arousal
from her.  She knew that the little minx and used her own panties as the blindfold and figured it
wasn't an accident that the musky smelling crotch ended up over her nose.  It was all she could do to
keep herself from pulling it into her mouth and sucking on it while fingering herself.
      
      	Ken continued to tap into her brain as he headed toward the mansion.  In anticipation of
tonight, and remembering what they'd done to her before, she'd worn these panties for the last two
days and masturbated through them both days.  They were coated with her discharge and she was hoping
that they'd gag her with them or something.  She knew that they'd somehow picked up on her mild
fetish and hoped they'd indulge her.  Ken was sure he'd be able to help.
      
      	Since Ally picked up on the fact that Genie had no idea they weren't going back to Ken's tiny
house, she gave nothing away about their true destination.  The ride to the mansion was slightly
longer that it would have been to the old house, but not long enough for Genie to figure that
something was amiss.
      
      	Jane was waiting outside the gate when they arrived.  Ken triggered it and they drove through,
Jane following close behind.  
      
      	Nemetodunum looked beautiful at night.  The mansion was lit from above by the moon and from
the ground by tastefully placed outside lighting.  It was a warm night, with a still and clear sky. 
Genie was helped out of the BMW and was placed facing the mansion.  Ken could smell her sweat and
arousal - her scent was especially strong to him because of her panties, and he got very hard.  
      
      	Once Jane joined them, he untied the very nice knot that Ally had used and handed the panties
and stocking to Jane, while admonishing Genie to keep her eyes closed.  
      
      	"OK," he said finally, "you can open them now."
      
      	Genie was confused.  Her thoughts were loud and clear as she wondered where the hell they
were.
      
      	"Welcome to the mansion, Genie," said Ken.
      
      	"I'm sorry," replied Genie, "I don't understand."
      
      	"This," replied Ken, "is where we live."  Genie's face still looked blank, no surprise there,
and he continued.  "I came into a bit of money, so I bought this place.  That's why I haven't been at
work and why Jane resigned."
      
      	"You're shitting me," said Genie.
      
      	Ken, Jane and Ally just looked at her and grinned.  Genie turned her attention back to the
mansion, whispering, "It's beautiful."
      
      	Genie was in awe as they showed her around.  The ended up in the study drinking some of the
fine Cognac that had been left in the bar.
      
      	"You can't tell anyone about this," said Ken.  "I haven't resigned from work yet and they
don't know.  I don't want it to become common knowledge even after I leave work."
      
      	"I won't say anything," promised Genie.  
      
      	She was curled up on the couch.  Ally was at her feet and Jane was at Ken's where he sat on a
comfortable chair close to the couch.  Jane and Ally had gotten dressed a little more
comfortably after Genie had been shown some of the rooms.  Ally was wearing
loose shorts and a tank top, and Jane was wearing only a long t-shirt.
      
      	"Helen's gonna really be pissed," continued Genie.  "I over heard her the other day going on
about your bad timing and how you'd be in the shit house when you got back."
      
      	As the lead architect of one of the database systems his company was working on, Ken's
position was pretty important, but not critical - especially at this stage of the game.  Helen was
grandstanding.  The project was on track and his two weeks away at this stage of the game would have
negligible impact.

      	"Somehow," he replied, the hand with the drink making sweeping gesture around the room, "I
can't bring myself to care all that much."
      
      	Genie giggled. The alcohol, the stimulus and the pretty girl at her feet were making her
giddy.  It didn't help that Ally had managed to somehow drape herself over Genie's curled up legs and
was gently stroking, and occasionally licking, her feet.   Genie was slowly being driven nuts.  She
could smell herself so strongly now, that she wondered how the hell the redhead couldn't.
      
      	In point of fact, Ken knew, Ally could.  She was naked under her shorts and top and her pussy
was slick with desire.  She wanted Genie.  Amusingly, Ken saw that some of the same things that had
gone through Jane's head when she'd thought about Genie, were going the Ally's as well.  Ally though,
being Ally, was wondering if she could get Genie to pee on her.  Anywhere on her, although her mouth
was her first choice.
      
      	Ken was getting distracted as well.  The pheromones that he and Jane were giving off were
exciting each other in addition to the other girls.
      
      	"Normally," he said, "I'd be a lot more responsible.  However, Helen was less than
understanding when I told her I had to take off work for personal reasons.  Since I rarely take time
off, I thought that was unreasonable." he paused.  "I'm sure she'll be understanding about it when I
email in my resignation.  After I've finished my vacation, of course."
      
      	A short time later they were in the master bedroom.  After laughing at Ken's comment, somehow
Genie had found herself kissing Ally.  Ken watched as Ally expertly seduced Genie, driving the woman
wild with lust by using light touches here and there, little kisses and, eventually, a deep,
passionate kiss on her mouth.  

      	Once they were in the bedroom, Ally continued her assault on Genie.  She didn't know exactly
why she noticed it so strongly, but Genie smelled so much like sex.  It was making Ally crazy; she
had little knots of lust and fear in her belly as she wondered if the woman would be totally grossed
out if she knew what Ally wanted.  Probably. 
      
      	They slowly removed Genie's clothing, kissing and touching everywhere until she was standing
there in her sopping panties.  Ken had some rope and quickly bound Genie's upper body so her arms
were folded behind her.  The ropes also sank into the base of her breasts, several coils wrapping the
firm globes forcing them to begin to harden with blood.  Genie's dark little nipples were standing
out pointy and firm and she gasped and wiggled when Ken ran his fingers over them.
      
      	Ken once again marveled at how it was so much fun to know what someone wanted without having
to figure it out.  While Genie watched, Jane stripped Ally, then herself and began to tie Ally.  Her
breasts were too small to wrap like they'd done to Genie, but Ally was very, very flexible.  Her
wrists were put into a reverse prayer position and tied that way.  This meant that her hands were
well up between her shoulder blades and bound tightly in that position.  Genie shook her head in
wonder.  It was a good thing she was kneeling, because she didn't think she'd be able to stand up at
this point.   After Jane ran a very tight cincher rope around Ally's middle they all turned their attention back to Genie. 
      
      	Ken helped Genie to her feet, then turned to Ally and said, "I notice that Genie forgot to
take off her panties."  Smiling he added, "Of course, she'll be spanked for that later, but I think
you should help her with her problem Ally."
      
      	"Hey wait a minute," said Genie, "You guys took off my clothes - not me.  How come I get
blamed for not taking all my clothes off?"
      
      	"Because," said Ken, "It gives me the perfect excuse to spank that beautiful ass of yours."
      
      	Genie's replying, "Oh," was kind of faint.
      
      	"Sir, I'd be delighted to help, but you might have noticed that I'm a bit tied up at the
moment," said Ally.
      
      	"Ally, dear," said Jane, "It's your responsibility to follow your Master's orders." 
      
      	With a wicked grin, Ken added, "Yeah.  You can still talk, so we know your mouth works."
      
      	Ally looked at Jane and Ken with a slight smile on her face, then knee walked over to where
Genie was nervously standing.  Ken could feel lust and uncertainty boiling in her belly.  Would Ally
be grossed out when she saw how wet her panties were?
      
      	Ken was amused by the thoughts of both women - each wondering if their fetish would repel the
other.  It did them credit though that they were worried about each other.
      
      	Meanwhile Ally began using her lips and teeth to remove Genie's panties.  It wasn't easy and
they stuck to Genie's pussy because her thick juices so thoroughly coated them.  Genie's scent went
right to Ally's pussy.  All she could think of by the time the panties were on the floor was pushing
her head between those beautiful thighs and licking and sucking Genie to orgasm.  Ally was almost
dripping herself.
      
      	Jane, showing how in tune she was with the situation, picked up the panties and said, "Genie,
these things are soaked!"  She bent and place them, crotch up, on the floor.  "I think maybe you
should clean them up a bit."
      
      	Ken helped Genie to the floor and while Jane took some twine and slowly wound it around Ally's
nipples, Ally groaned and watched Genie lick the juices out of the crotch of her own panties.  Ken
helped by applying a crop to Genie's ass as she did it, each strike causing the woman to moan out
loud.  Once her ass was a deep red, Ken decided that Genie was finished.  He picked up the panties
and Genie watched as he pushed them into Ally's mouth.  
      
      	Both girls shuddered.  Genie from watching the beautiful little minx open her mouth wide as
soon as she saw what Ken was going to do, and Ally as the taste hit her.  It was a combination of
Genie's saliva, pussy and, she realized, just a small bit of pee.  Ally whimpered in need, especially
when one of Jane's long fingers found it's way into her cunt.  They positioned Ally on the bed so
that her ass was easily accessible, then positioned Genie so her mouth was right at Ally's back door.
      
      	"I'm going to fuck that little hole as soon as I get finished with yours," said Ken.  Both
women groaned.  Ally was beyond turned on, and just a little afraid since she had no idea if Ken
would fit.  Ken knew he would, especially with Jane and Genie working on opening the teen up first.
      
      	Ken, meanwhile, pushed his cock into Genie's creamy slot.  She was soaked and strands of slick
lube covered her cunt lips.  She groaned as his thick member stretched her cunt, then groaned louder
as he slowly began to penetrate her asshole.  She came just after his cock head pushed past her
sphincter.
      
      	As Ken worked his cock in and out of Genie's tight back passage, Ally was groaning from
feeling Genie's tongue and Jane's fingers working her over.  Jane concentrated on the teen's clit,
while Genie licked and sucked her asshole - eventually penetrating the tight passage and tongue
fucking her.  Ken could almost see Ally's excitement spiral and could feel, as well as see, when she
climaxed from the attentions of the other women.  She'd never imagined that her asshole could be so
sensitive.
      
      	Genie had cum several times already.  Ken's huge cock stretched her passage like nothing ever
had before, and the smell and taste of the girl in front of her was amazing.  Genie was *so* into
anything anal. 
      
      	Ken finally came deep in her bowels, causing another climax in Genie.  Ally had cum from Jane
pushing several fingers into her now loosened asshole.  Genie shuddered as Jane had her lick those
fingers clean.  After Ken had cum, Jane continued to arouse Ally, which wasn't very difficult, while
Ken fed his cock into Genie's mouth.  Genie loved anal sex and was more than willing to accept what
ever went with it.  Ass to mouth was a serious fantasy of hers.  She wasn't into scat for its own
sake, but for the most part, if it involved an asshole, Genie was turned on by it.
      
      	She eagerly sucked Ken's cock clean, then knelt by Ally as he prepared to sodomize the teen. 
Jane managed to get under her as Ken slowly penetrated Ally's asshole.  Even with loosening up, Ken
used quite a lot of Genie's saliva for lube.  Finally, the tight ring gave and he sunk an inch into
the slim girl.  She squeaked from the sharp pain that accompanied that.
      
      	However, as high as she was on lust, Ken could tell she wasn't in distress.  Far from it.  The
spike of pain had caused goose bumps to break out over her body and she shivered in anticipation of
receiving the rest of him.  Sweat was dampening her back, her nipples were burning and her cunt was
achingly empty as she received inch after inch of thick cock into her back door.  
      
      	Eventually, Ken was fully inside her and began to slowly stroke in and out.  Jane stopped
eating Genie, who gave a little groan and got on the bed to stroke Ally's clit and nipples.  Ally
found her nipples to be very, very sensitive from the twine that was wrapped so tightly around them.
      
      	Eventually, Ally was loose enough for Ken to fuck her harder.  He pulled out after several
stokes and pulled Genie's eager mouth to his cock.  She gave no complaint as she licked and sucked
it, making sure to get it extra wet before he placed it back into Ally's body.  They did this several
times until Ally began to orgasm.  Ken loved the feel of her tight hole spasming around his thick
cock while she screamed from her first anal orgasm.
      
      	Jane was still rubbing her cunt when Ken pulled out, once again having Genie suck his cock. 
Then he put her to work licking his cum from Ally's asshole.  Jane did the same to Genie, who was
kneeling against the bed servicing the other girl.  Ally could only moan and groan as the soft tongue
soothed her slightly raw back passage.  Genie was in absolute heaven from Ally's taste and the feel
of Jane's long tongue in her own body.
      
      	Jane was also very roused from all the action, and Ken walked over and picked up a crop.  She
eagerly spread her knees, giving him access to her wet sex, which he proceeded to whip with the crop.
 He stopped just before she could cum.
      
      	They pulled an exhausted Ally from the bed and retied her so that her arms were folded behind
her, rather than in a prayer position.  Jane replaced the twine with strong clamps, causing the girl
to groan in pain.  Of course, the sensations went right to her clit, which Jane was soon licking.
      
      	Ken was rubbing Genie's clit as they watched Jane and Ally.
      
      	"Do you think Ally's sexy?" he asked Genie, his voice pitched so that Ally could not hear him.
      
      	"Oh my god, yes," replied Genie.  His fingers were rolling her clit in just the right way.  
      
      	"Would you like to really get her off?"
      
      	"Yes," came Genie's shaky voice.
      
     	"Are you sure?  She wants something pretty kinky," replied Ken.
      
      	Genie gave a shaky laugh and replied, "Kinkier than me sucking your cum out of her asshole?"
      
      	"I guess," Ken replied, tweaking a hard nipple and sliding a finger into her, "it would depend
on your point of view."  Genie was panting now as his fingers skillfully brought her up the curve to
orgasm.  "She'd love for you to pee in her mouth."
      
      	"You're kidding," replied Genie in a tone of voice that would have announced her lust to
anyone, never mind someone who was riding her emotions along with her.  "Oh my god that's so kinky." 
Her hips jerked in time with Ken's strokes.
      
      	"So you'll do it?"
      
      	"God yes," said Genie, eying the flushed, sweating redhead as she writhed on the floor.  Jane
was licking her sensitive clit while pulling on the harsh clamps confining her nipples.  The ropes
made it hard for her to get a deep breath and she was dropping into subspace.  
      
      	Ken released Genie from her bonds and helped her squat over the moaning teen.  Ally was
engulfed in Genie's scent and moaned, licking out with her tongue to get all the cream she could.
      
      Just before he knew that Genie was going to flood Ally's mouth with her piss, Ken said, "Ally,
if even one drop gets on the rug, you'll spend a week drinking everyone's piss in this house."
      
      	It was the only warning the girl got before Genie released her bladder.  Ken had told Genie
not to just let loose, but the initial release almost overwhelmed the girl.  Ally came as Genie
emptied herself, her world dimmed.  She couldn't separate all the sensations her body was
experiencing - the bitter, salty fluid filling her mouth, the warmth spreading in her belly.  Sharp
pain was coming from her nipples as Jane tugged and twisted the clamps and her clit was being gently
sucked and flicked by Jane's tongue.  Ally came and came, floating off into her first real trip to
subspace.
      
      	She came back not too long after, exhausted, her soaked body being stroked and held by three
people.
      
      	"Welcome back," smiled Ken.
      
      	"Oh Master," said Ally, "That was beyond amazing."
      
      	Genie was also well satisfied.  She'd gotten to live out one of her fantasies and had
discovered something else that turned her on.  Peeing for Ally had actually made her cum.  Only Jane
was still burning with desire.
      
      	Ken position Jane on the bed so that her ass was almost hanging off it and tied her so that
her knees were attached to the posts.  Her arms were cuffed, then attached to posts at the other end.
 He gave Genie and Ally Whartenburg wheels to use on her breasts, then pulled out a three strand
braided whip which he proceeded to use between her spread legs.
      
      	He held her at the edge for ten minutes until the fire had spread through her whole body.  She
didn't bleed, but numerous welts decorated her mons and inner thighs.  No small number of strikes
landed on her open cunt and clit.  The girls pulled on her nipple bars and Ally pushed hard enough on
the wheel to actually draw blood from Jane's nipple.
      
      	Finally, Ally sat on her face, restricting her breathing as Ken pushed Jane to the knife-edge
of orgasm.   Ally let her gasp for breath one last time, before completely cutting off her air while
Ken landed blow after blow on her sex.  It was just the right thing to do.
      
      	Jane knew she had permission to cum, even though Ken didn't verbally give it.  She exploded,
her body trying to draw breath, but unable to because of the wet cunt over her nose and mouth.  She'd
experienced breath play before, but it had always been a bit awkward.  Not this time.  Ally had cut
her off just at the right time and lifted off her just at the right time.  Jane came so hard she
actually saw stars.
      
      	After recovering, Ally requested that they retie her.  Grinning, Ken retrieved a pair of cuffs
and attached her hands behind her.  They all went into the bathroom to wash up.  Ken, Jane and Genie
peed and Ally was kind enough to make the use of toilet paper unnecessary. The real surprise came
when, after Ally peed, Genie licked her clean with her tongue.
      
      	"Hmmm," Genie said, "something of an acquired taste."
      
      	Ally blushed, and Genie leaned forward saying, "I look forward to acquiring more of it in the
future."  Ally just looked at her and Genie had to kiss the small redhead.
      
      	They retired to the bed to sleep, exhausted and happy.  Ken and Jane weren't as tired, but
still happy to fall asleep in a pile with Ally and Genie.
      
      	It was dark all around.  A darkness Ken knew well.  He had hoped never to return here again;
had thought this was behind him.  Somehow, even in the dream, Ken steeled himself for the events he
knew he'd never be able to avoid.  Then it began.
      
      	An hour later, he was sitting, coffee in hand, in the study, staring at the ceiling.  He was
worried.  He'd dealt with this years ago, why was it coming back to haunt him how?  His awareness of
the mansion returned to him, and he realized that he must have shut out everything again.  Jane was
awake and worried about him.  Genie was asleep and Ally was... hmmm.
      
      	Ken rose and headed toward the garden.  Ally, completely naked was standing just outside the
circle.  She wasn't asleep; she was quite awake.  She hadn't been though, when she headed out here. 
She had no idea who had freed her or why she was here - just that she was supposed to be here.  She
walked into the garden and knelt.  She had no way of knowing, but she was in the center of the Circle
that Ken and Jane had cast last night.  He was so tied into her thoughts and feelings that when Lea
appeared, he felt her reactions as if they were his own.
      
      	Ally almost doubled over.  Pure lust raged through her body.  Lust and love.  And trust.
Again, the fleeting image of her mother and the old priest slipped into her mind.  But only for a
second, Lea's presence was too overpowering.
      
      	Lea smiled at the girl and drew her to her feet.  She smiled at Ken, indicating he should join
them.
      
      	"Hello Ally," said Lea.
      
      	The teen was being overwhelmed.  Tears were running feely down her face and her legs were
trembling.  Ken put his arm around her as he walked up and strength flowed into her body.  She looked
at him and he smiled at her.
      
      	"You were wondering who we served," said Ken.  "Well, this is Her."
      
      	Ally tried to get to her knees, but neither Ken nor Lea would let her.
      
      	"No Ally.  That is not our way," said Lea.  There was a pause while Ally's brain started to
work.  "Tell me Ally, would you like to join us?"
      
      	"I...I'm sorry, I don't understand," replied the girl.
      
      	"Kenneth is my High Priest - and my Avatar.  Jane is my High Priestess.  There will be those
who will dedicate themselves to me through them.  And there are those who will dedicate themselves
directly to me."
      
      	"What does that mean?"
      
      	Lea smiled, "Let's sit," she said.  Cushions and a rug appeared in the Circle.  Jane arrived
just as they sat.  Ken held Ally facing Lea as Jane sat next to him.  Lea explained to the girl what
was happening, what they wanted and why they wanted her.  Ally was confused at first, but Ken knew
she was powerfully drawn to the idea.  Then Lea made an offer that Ken had never heard before: 
"Ally, if you choose not to join us, that is fine.  If you chose not to dedicate to me, that is also
fine.  It will be as if this meeting never happened.  Things will go as they would have - your
relationship with Kenneth and Jane will remain unchanged."
      
      	Ally thought for a moment, trying to imagine not serving Lea and Ken.  The thought was so
painful that she actually almost cried out with despair.
      
      	"Please don't do that to me," she said, "Don't make me go."
      
     	 Lea took her hand, "There is no need for unhappiness.  No one here will make you do anything. 
I love you and Kenneth and Jane do as well.  Even Genie is quickly falling under your spell."
      
      	That pulled Ally out of her short despair.  Warmth flooded through her.
      
      	"What do I have to do?" she asked.
      
      	"For you," Lea replied, "Things are a little more complex.  You were formally dedicated to
another and now you must decide to come to me.  The best way would be to take a new name."
      
      	Ally frowned,  "I don't understand."
      
      	"Choosing a new name will ... realign your allegiance to me," replied Lea. "You will become my
Priestess serving me and my Chosen.  Eventually, you may decide to become one of my Chosen, but I
think that becoming my Priestess will be enough for one night."  Lea smiled brightly and Ken felt
Ally's heart melt - along with his own.
 
       	"Yes, please," said Ally.
       
       	They all stood, and Jane and Ken watched as Ally approached Lea.  Lea drew the small teen
into her arms and kissed her.  Ally's consciousness held by a thread.  Nothing, ever, had felt like
this.  Love, trust, lust, desire: it all flowed through her body in a powerful wave.
       
       	"Welcome to the Circle, Arianwen Whitestone.  Kenneth, Jane, welcome our new Priestess," said
Lea.
       
       	Ally, now Ari, had tears in her eyes, no surprise there.  Neither Ken nor Jane's eyes were
dry either.  Ken's kiss, long and deep, stoked Ari's passions despite their earlier activities.  Jane
completed the process with her kiss and Ari's moan was full of need.  When they spilt, Lea looked at
Ken and said, "Kenneth, I trust you and Jane will instruct our little Minx in the changes she has
been experiencing?"
       
       	"Of course," said Ken.  He should have realized.  Ari's sense of smell had increased and Ken
had felt changes in her body.  She wasn't yet producing the pheromones, but she had been feeling and
responding to Genie's emotions so well that he should have realized what was happening.  Minx indeed.
 She had certainly turned Genie every which way but loose.
       
       Shortly there after, Lea, Ken and Jane welcomed Arianwen to the Circle in a much more intimate
way.
       
       End part 23
       
Note:  For anyone who's interested, I'm putting notes about these chapters in the blog.




Avatar
Part 24

      	Ken awoke to the amazing feeling of three sets of lips on his body. 
Jane had his cock most of the way down her throat while Genie was licking his
balls and sliding her tongue between his ass cheeks in an effort to reach the
hole.  Ari's musky little sex was gently being pressed against his face and lips
- her lips smearing her juices on him.  He signaled his return to consciousness
by grabbing her by the hips and planting her wet pussy on his mouth.  He also
shifted his hips which allowed Genie to spear his asshole with her tongue - a
novel experience for him.  Jane was humming while sucking him and in short order
he was spewing his cum down her throat while Genie pushed her tongue into his
body.   What a nice way to wake up.
     
      	After a shower that took way longer than it should have, they went down
stairs for some food. Ari called in sick to the IHOP while Jane began to put
together a meal.  Ken pulled Genie aside for a moment.
     
      	"This is going to seem a little strange," he began.
     
      	"After last night?  I don't think there's much that you can say that I'd
find strange," she replied with a grin.  "I mean, that little minx managed to
get me to lick pee off her and *like* it."
     
      	"Speaking of said minx, there's something you should know."  He thought
for a moment, then said, "Actually there's a couple of things you should know."
     
      	"I'm all ears," replied Genie.  She hadn't felt this good in years. 
Sated, comfortable, at peace.
     
      	"Last night, after you were asleep, Jane, Ally and I had a discussion of
sorts.  I can't really go into the details, but one thing came out of it that
you should be aware of:  Ally decided that a name change was in order.  We
agreed and now her name is Arianwen.  I know it's really weird, but trust me, if
things go as I believe they will, eventually the reasons will make sense to
you."
     
      	Genie looked thoughtful for a moment.  "Well, I don't see the problem. 
I was wondering if I'd misheard when you guys called her Ari.  Is it OK if I
call her that too?  Or should I just call her minx?"
     
      	Ken laughed and replied, "I suspect that those names are going to be
very interchangeable." Then his expression got serious. "The other thing, I need
to apologize for.  It totally slipped all of our minds because Ari is so close
to us."  He paused, "Ari is a bit younger than we are.  Quite a bit, actually. 
She's seventeen."
     
      	Ken didn't know what reaction he was going to get, but Genie's was
certainly unexpected.  She burst out laughing.  Ken watched her in surprise
until she wound down.
     
      	"Ken, really, did you think I couldn't tell she was young?  I don't
care," replied Genie. "It's not like I had a chance against her once she decided
to seduce me."
     
      	Yup, Ken thought, Genie was going to be brought into the Circle.
     
      	They heard a yell that breakfast was ready and headed into the kitchen
only to find that everything had been moved to the porch with the small pool. 
Ken walked out to find Jane, naked and standing by the table and Ari, naked and
kneeling on a cushion next to it.
     
      	"Master, your slaves are ready to serve you," grinned Jane.
     
      	"I think I'm over dressed," said Genie, removing her shirt while eying
the other two women.
     
      	They were well worth looking at.  Jane's body had changed, her large
breasts firm in a way that seemed reserved only for teens.  Her mons was just
starting to re-grow hair and the sunlight on her skin made her look just
beautiful.  Arianwen though, she was stunning. 
     
      	Kneeling at Jane's feet, knees spread and hands on her thighs she was
wearing only a black collar.  She really was glowing, though Ken couldn't tell
if he was seeing that with his mind, or if it was just sunlight shining on her
pale skin.
     
      	"Oh my, don't you look beautiful," said Ken, who turned to take in the
naked Genie next to him as well.  "Hmm, I could get used to this.  Naked slave
girls to serve me breakfast.  Perhaps nudity should be the uniform of the day
for slaves here."
     
      	"Yes Master," replied Jane and Ari completely in unison.
     
      	Genie was strangely silent on the slave thing, but Ken could hear her
thoughts and she was wondering if she could somehow be part of it.  It was one
reason she'd removed her clothes.
     
      	One would have thought that there was more than enough food for all of
them.  Three plates were set at the table and Ari knelt between Ken and Jane who
fed her from their plates.  But it didn't last long and they were amazed that
they'd plowed through everything that had been set out.
     
      	The day was turning hot, and it looked like a perfect day for the pool. 
Ken's phone rang - at least he could hear it ringing, but by the time he found
it, it had stopped.  It was a message from Sandy and she wanted to know if they
were riding today.  Jane was all for it.  Ari and Genie thought they were crazy
- why ride when you could lounge by the pool?  He gave Ari a pile of money and
asked if she'd get some more food for the house.  She had no problem with that,
and Genie and Ari decided to go now rather than later to handle that errand. 
     
      	Ken and Jane stopped by the old house to get the bikes and decided to
throw a bunch of other stuff in the X5 since they were there anyway.  They made
it to the park just before Sandy decided to give up on them.  Billy was with her
and the four of them set out on the trails. 
     
      	It was an amazing ride.  The trees made the half-track a little cooler
and Ken found that he was a lot more daring than he had been last time. He and
Jane were actually giving the more experienced riders a run for their money. 
Jane wasn't as aggressive as Sandy and Ken, so she and Billy spent a fair amount
of time together while Ken and Sandy looked for things to ride over - or off of. 
That didn't mean that they were sedate, but they did decline to ride off of a
ten foot drop that Sandy found.  After one look so did Ken - he was feeling
good, not insane.
     
      	They were well satisfied by the time they got back to the cars.  Sort
of.  Both Sandy and Bill were in a serious state of sexual need.  Bill had found
Jane so very easy to talk to that he'd almost
forgotten how sexy she was.  But all the riding had caused her to pump out a ton
of pheromones with her sweat and either she had forgotten, or deliberately not
throttled back.  Bill's lack of experience with women made him uncomfortable,
but his raging hormones were making him forget his shyness.
     
      Sandy, of course, was always horny after a ride and had been hoping for
another go-round with Ken and Jane.  Ken got an idea.
     
      	"Hey, could you guys hold on a minute?  I need to make a call," he
asked.
     
      	They nodded and he dialed Ari's number, hoping she had remembered to
leave her phone somewhere near.
     
      	She had.
     
     	"Hello Sir," came her slightly husky voice. 
     
      	Ken explained what he was planning and where he thought it would lead. 
Ari was all for it, but when he asked to speak to Genie, she said she was busy.
     
      	"Doing what?" asked Ken out of curiosity.
     
      	Ari's answering purr left little doubt how the other woman was engaged. 
Ari said she'd explain it to Genie and if there was a problem they'd work
something out.  Ken closed the connection.
     
      	"So," he said walking up to the group, "you guys interested in a late
lunch by a pool?  Maybe dinner?"
     
      	Sandy was all for it, and to her surprise, Bill agreed also.  While Bill
was getting directions from Jane, Ken leaned over and whispered into Sandy's
ear, telling her he was looking forward to eating her pussy.  She shuddered, her
nipples clearly visible beneath the soaked riding top.  Then he whispered that
he'd try to make sure Jane's hot cunt had plenty of cum in it for her to suck
out.  Sandy almost lost it right there.
     
      	They made the arrangements and left.  Ken and Jane stopped to get some
steaks, burgers and other food on the way back.  He got a call from Ari who said
Genie'd had to take off - but not before Ari had had her way with her again. 
Genie was planning on coming back later in the evening.  Ken spent some time
teasing Jane while they were in the car, making her slit all hot and gooey.  He
told her he'd promised Sandy a tasty snack when she arrived.
     
      	They got back to the mansion fifteen minutes before their guests were
due to arrive.  He parked in the garage - which had a door that was close to the
kitchen, and unloaded.  Ari was still nude, her body glistening with sweat since
she'd been lying out by the pool, and helped them unload. A short time later,
Ken was unloading in Jane's cunt out by the pool.  He wanted to keep his promise
to Sandy, after all.
     
      	They met Sandy at the front door.  Jane was naked and still gleaming
from their exercise by the pool.
     
      	"Um, hi?"  Sandy was at a loss for what to say.  The mansion was
beautiful and she'd had no idea that Ken was this rich.  On the other hand, the
sight of a naked, sweating Jane - who's pussy was oozing cum, caused her libido
to go from about 20 to 100 in 2 seconds.
     
      	"Come on in," said Jane.  "We can show you the place when Bill gets
here.  In the meantime, would you like to see the pool?"
     
       	"Shit," said Sandy as she looked around the entrance hall, "I should
have sold you a more expensive bike!"
     
      	They all laughed and headed for the pool.  Ken split off to find Ari,
who was otherwise occupied, knowing that now wouldn't be a good time to be
introduced.  But she and Ken still had a great view from the kitchen as Sandy
laid Jane down on a lounge and went to town.
     
      	Sandy attacked Jane, starting with a deep kiss while sliding her fingers
into Jane's sopping pussy.  Pulling Jane's arms over her, head, Sandy began
running her tongue over Jane's salty skin. Ken followed the women's thoughts and
feelings as Sandy's tongue found every wet place on Jane's torso, nipping,
licking and sucking.  Ari was very turned on and Ken knew she was hoping for a
chance with Sandy.  He kissed her and played with her clit for a moment, then
went out to join the women.
     
      	"Sorry, I had to talk to Ari," he said.
     
      	Sandy pulled her dripping mouth from Jane's sex and said, "Who's Ari?"
     
      	"We'll explain later," said Ken, freeing his cock.  Sandy's eyes glazed
as she dove back to Jane's musky sex.  Ken removed Sandy's sweat soaked clothes
and positioned her so that her
fur-covered cunt was just above Jane's mouth.  Jane groaned from the smell and
began licking and sucking the accumulated juices that Sandy had been producing
since they started the ride.  Soon, Ken's cock was filling Sandy's cunt -
slamming her in just the way she liked, while Jane happily munched away.
     
      	Sandy was in heaven sucking on Jane's tasty cunt while having her own
filled with a rock hard cock.  Soon she was cumming hard, with Ken joining her. 
She lifted her face from Jane to scream her orgasm.  They collapsed for a moment
and Sandy rolled off her lover.
     
      	"God that was incredible!" she exclaimed.
     
      	"Yeah, but Bill's going to be here soon.  And we should introduce you to
Ari," said Ken.
     
      	Sandy's mind was still lust clouded.  The scents of sex and sweat -
never mind the pheromones that she couldn't smell, still had her extremely
aroused.
     
      	"Yeah," she said, trying to get hold of herself.  "Bill's a nice guy,
but I think he'd freak if he came out here and there were two naked women."
     
      	"Especially two, completely hot, well fucked women who look like they'd
be happy for another round," replied Ken.
     
      	"Mmmm, don't get me started," Sandy said.  "So who's Ari?"
     
      	"Arianwen is our third," said Ken.  "She is a bit casual about clothing
so I didn't think it would be smart to have her meet you at the door."
     
      	The women chuckled and Jane said, "But Master, I thought you said this
morning, the slaves in the house were supposed to be naked."
     
      	"Yes dear, but we don't want to make our guests uncomfortable," he
replied.
     
      	Sandy just shook her head.  These people were definitely not your
average folks.  "Do I look uncomfortable?"
     
      	"Shall I call her out here, then?" asked Ken.
     
      	"Sure, I'm game."
     
      	With perfect timing, even before he had a chance to wave her over,
Arianwen appeared with a tray of iced tea.  She was beautifully naked, her sex
obviously aroused and her pale skin shining in the sunlight.
     
      	"Ho-ly-shit," muttered Sandy. "You're really gonna have to explain this
slave thing."  Ken, Ari and Jane all felt a rush of lust flow from Sandy at the
vision Ari represented.  Interestingly, Sandy was picturing herself holding the
teen between her legs, while Ari licked and sucked her to orgasm.
     
      	Ari was introduced and once again, the minx worked her magick.  Somehow,
she just made it clear that if Sandy wanted to kiss her, she'd be more than fine
with it.  In fact, without saying a word or even getting into Sandy's personal
space, she made it very, very clear how much she'd like a kiss.  Or more.
     
      	Sandy never had a chance.  In a short time, the pheromones, the scents
and visuals that she was being presented with, overwhelmed the woman and she
surrendered a kiss to Ari.
     
      	"Mmm, that was nice Sandy.  Thank you.  And I have to say, I love how
Jane tastes on your lips."
     
      	Sandy actually shuddered from the teen's velvety voice.  It was somehow
dark in texture, heavy with promise and light with anticipation.
     
      	"Who are you people?" she moaned.  Her nipples were like rocks, her
breasts swollen with desire and her sex was a swamp.  Sweat dripped down her
body adding to her desire.
     
      	"We," said Ken, "are you friends.  And, I hope, lovers.  However, Bill
is here, so perhaps you should throw something on?"
     
      	Sandy was too befuddled to wonder how Ken knew Bill had arrived.  She
pulled a bikini out of her bag and Ari grabbed a t-shirt and loose sorts in the
house.  Jane went with her and grabbed a small, thong bikini while Ken answered
the door.
     
      	Bill, he knew, had almost not come.  The young man wasn't sure how he
was going to handle not one, but two women in bikinis.  He'd always been shy
around women, only being able to interact with them when there was a computer or
a bike involved.  At the level he worked at in the computer field there were
precious few people that could keep up with him, narrowing the field even
further.
     
      	Ken did what he could to put the guy at ease.  It was obvious that he
was awed by Nemetodunum.   He was even more awed when he saw Sandy in her
bikini.  When Jane showed up to give them the tour he almost ran out of the
place. 
     
      	He would have too, if it weren't for the fact that the women were
completely unconcerned about how they were dressed and they were all very
inclusive with him, rather than catering to his shyness.   Jane knew he was shy,
but managed to talk to him and show him things during the tour while ignoring
how shy he was.  It probably helped that Jane was still putting out a high level
of pheromones and Bill's hormones were raging.  In other words, she enabled his
dick to think for him.
     
      	Interestingly enough, when they were shown the garden, they appeared not
to notice it.  They became interested in anything but the entrance to the
welcoming little place.  Ken knew that Lea was at work when he received a clear
message that the time was not yet right for them to enter it. 
     
      	They ended up at the pool where Bill's eyes almost fell out of his head. 
There was Ari, lying
down on her back.  She had removed the shirt and shorts and was wearing a bikini
that was so small Ken wondered why she bothered.  Oh, it covered her nipples and
the small translucent triangle covered her patch of pubic hair - but only
barely.
     
      	He was also surprised that her approach to Bill was completely different
to the one she'd used with Sandy.  In essence, she managed to present herself as
a young teen who was somewhat sisterly. It confused Sandy somewhat, but actually
put Bill at ease.  She was no threat, despite how cute she was.
     
      	That didn't mean he wasn't still ragingly horny, and as the afternoon
progressed he got less shy as his desire for Jane grew.  Ken watched her
skillfully work the young man until, despite the fact that he knew she was with
Ken, he would take her, given the chance.  She gave him the chance, making it
clear that he could have her.  At close to four, she led him into the house and
Ken smiled.   By dinner, Bill's virginity would be gone.
     
     	Shortly after they disappeared, the phone rang.  It was Genie saying
that she didn't think she'd be able to get back tonight.  Ken told her that was
fine and she should call during the week to come by.  Or just come by.  Sandy
listened to the conversation and when he hung up, looked at him.
    
     	"Just how many women do you have?"
    
     	"Jane, Ari and I are partners - although what we have is far closer to a
marriage.   We refer to it as being in the Circle, or part of the Circle," he
replied.
    
     	She frowned, "But you and Jane... and Bill and Jane just, and we..." 
For once she seemed at a loss for words.
    
     	"Sandy," he said, "Has anything we've done made you uncomfortable?"
    
     	She looked at Ari, and lust flowed through her body.  Somehow Arianwen
had gone from cute little sister to hot, please-take-me-now little minx.  She
hadn't even gotten up from the lounge to do it.
    
     	"Not really, no."
    
     	"Sandy, we like sex.  Earlier today, there was another women here with
us and we shared her.  I think she's on her way to joining us on a more
permanent basis.  But that will be her decision - we'd love to have her."
    
     	"You mean like one of those Heinlein group marriage things?"
    
     	Ken sighed.  It appeared he had some reading to do.  "I haven't read the
books, but from what I'm told it's something like at."
   
     	In the back of his mind, he felt/heard Jane and Bill.  Bill was a virgin
no more.  Ari felt it too and anticipated another conquest tonight herself -
although conquest wasn't the right word. Sharing was a better one.  Then she
blushed as she realized that if she played her cards right, by the time she went
to sleep, she would have made love with 5 people in one day.  Rather than
disgusting her, it made her feel warm and loving.  Enough so that as Ken and
Sandy continued their discussion, she got out of the lounge and knelt at Sandy's
feet.  Almost with out thinking, Sandy reached out and began to stroke her hair.
    
     	They had gotten on the topic of religion when Sandy realized that
breathing was becoming a chore.  Her heart was pounding like someone was fucking
the shit out of her.  Her nipples were little diamonds and her cunt was once
again a swamp.  She looked down and saw the little red head smile at her in
welcome and couldn't resist.  She bent down and kissed her.
    
     	"Oh God," said Sandy, her voice very unsteady.
    
     	"Goddess," corrected Ari who kissed her again.   Then, "Whatever you
want, I'll do."
    
     	It was the right thing to say and Sandy actually had a small orgasm. 
"I... I want you.  Here. Now."
    
     	She grabbed Ari and pulled their slick bodies together for another
blazing kiss.  Then she laid the teen down on the lounge and began licking her
skin.  Apparently, unlike the rest of them, Ari had not been in the pool at all
- there was no taste of chlorine to her skin.
    
     	Ari was whispering things to Sandy, dirty words that slid into Sandy's
brain and caused fire to burn in her belly.  Sandy moaned and almost came again
when Ari told her Ken had fucked her this morning, how she'd been having sex all
day and how she hadn't even been in the pool to rinse off.
    
     	To Sandy, Ari's scent said she was ready - come take her, use her; and
Sandy did just that. For a half hour she sucked on the girl while grinding her
own cunt mercilessly on the teen's face. At one point, Ken joined in so Sandy
could watch his huge cock splitting the small girl's red pussy, but it was
mainly the two women.
    
     	Eventually, they ended up standing  under the outside shower to rinse
themselves off.  The women were still nude when Jane and Bill returned; Ken was
wearing shorts.  Bill looked a little dazed at the sight of Sandy and Ari naked. 
Actually, Bill just looked a little dazed.  Jane removed the small wrap from her
body and dove naked into the pool. Shortly there after, Sandy and Ari joined
her.
    
     	"You OK Bill?" asked Ken.
    
     	Bill wondered idly how Ken and Jane seemed to know he preferred Bill. 
He didn't tell most people because they didn't take him seriously and that
annoyed him.  He was Billy to most everyone he knew and it just wasn't worth the
effort of correcting them.
    
    	Bill looked at Ken and realized how big the guy was.  Suddenly his heart
began to race and he wondered how to handle the fact that he'd just had his
brains fucked out by the guy's girlfriend.
    
     	"Uh yeah, fine thanks.  This is some place you've got here," he replied.
    
     	"Bill," said Ken.  "It's not a big deal."
    
     	"Well, maybe not to you, but I'd love to live in a place like this."
    
     	"Not the mansion Bill.  Jane and you."
    
     	This is it, thought Bill, I'm dead.
    
     	Ken smiled and shook his head, "Bill, I can tell that you're nervous,
but trust me, I'm not pissed off, angry or any of that crap.  Jane saw you
wanted her and knew that I was OK with it.  It's more complicated than that, but
trust me, I have no problems with it."
    
     	At that moment, Ken saw why Ari had so toned down everything when Bill
was around.  She somehow knew that if she'd been the one to relieve Bill of his
virginity, he could easily have fixated on her.  She was young and appeared to
be unattached, so Bill would figure that they should have a 'relationship'. 
That would have been awkward.  Ken was sure that Bill would end up as part of
the Circle, but now was not the time.  Bill needed a better idea of how things
worked around here.
    
     	"You're not pissed?"  asked Bill.  Maybe he would get out of here in
something other than an ambulance.  He'd see what Ken did to the guy last week.
    
     	"No, I'm not.  Listen, in this house relationships are a little
different.   Ari, Jane and I are in a committed relationship, but not a closed
one."
    
    	 "You mean you have sex with both of them?"  Bill was incredulous.  Ari
was such a little girl...
    
     	"Bill, that little girl you're looking at managed to seduce Sandy while
you and Jane were otherwise occupied," said Ken dryly.
    
     	Bill was really confused, and stared at Ken.  She looked so young!  When
he looked back at the pool, Ari was walking toward them, her body dripping
water, sleek and beautiful.  And naked.  Very, very naked.  Ken felt lust rise
in Bill's body.  Again, that male/male thing made it odd for him, but energy was
energy - at least in this context, and he was not offended in the slightest by
Bill's sexual excitement.
    
     	Ari stood next to them and asked for a towel.  She was just Ari now -
neither little sister nor minx.  Bill noticed that she was very beautiful, her
red hair dark against her skin as she dried herself.  His erection had returned
full force.
           
      	"You could think of us as being in a group marriage," said Ken.
     
      	"Wait, you mean..."
     
      	Ken raised a hand and said, "Don't say it."  Ari gave him a little
smirk.  "Yes, like the Heinlein books." Shit, was he the only one on the planet
that hadn't read those things?
     
      	Jane and Sandy came back from the pool and Jane began hinting about
food.  Ken asked if Bill wanted to continue their talk while the steaks were
being grilled.
     
      	"Ug," smiled Jane, "Big Men Make Fire For Meat."
     
      	Sandy chuckled and said, "Women Must Go Gather."
     
      	Ken and Bill rose in mock disgust and set about getting the grill going. 
They continued to talk while Ken seasoned the steaks and Bill adjusted the
grill.  They avoided the relationship talk and Bill studiously ignored the fact
that the women refused to clothe themselves.
     
      	Ken was fascinated by Bill's knowledge of software and hardware.  Ken
knew a lot about databases and how to design them, but despite his experience,
Bill had him beat even there.  He talked about how he'd love to get a job where
he could let his talents fly, but with so many jobs moving out of the country
and so many corporations only interested in the bottom line he felt stifled. 
He'd worked as an intern a few times.  Everything was about 'process' and it
made him nuts.   Especially after he proved that the SEI/CMM bullshit (he had to
explain to Ken what that was) had actually had the opposite effect that it was
supposed to have had.  It hadn't gotten rid of 'Heroes' or 'Super Troops' on
various programs - it had only made them more necessary as people struggled to
cope with not only ever more complex software, but policies and procedures that
were so opaque that they could have been created by the Kremlin. 
     
      	He liked to play on his own computer, but even that was lower end than
he'd like.  He was paying his own way through school and had little time or
money as a grad student to waste.
     
      	When asked why he didn't have a scholarship, he explained that he didn't
qualify.  His parents made a lot of money - not that they gave him a dime, and
he didn't fit any of the other categories. Ken asked what that meant, and Bill
replied with the facts about how quota systems worked - or didn't.  He wasn't
bitter about it, just resigned.  He was extremely bright, if very unconventional
in his approach to software and hardware, and hoped that he'd be able to get a
place at the University once he'd finished his studies.
     
      	Dinner was very comfortable, despite the fact that Jane and Ari still
weren't dressed.  Sandy decided to wear her bikini bottoms and Bill was in a
serious state during dinner.  A state that wasn't helped by Ari's closeness as
they sat next to each other while eating.  She was sliding into minx mode again
and Ken realized that Bill didn't stand a chance.
     
      	She somehow ended up sharing a lounge with Bill as they ate ice cream. 
Bill gave in to the inevitable when she spilled a bit of chocolate ice cream on
her chest.  Ari scooped it up with her finger and offered it to him.  He licked
it off.
     
      	"There's still some left, you know," she said in a low, sweet voice. 
Bill looked up only to see that Jane, Sandy and Ken were in the pool.  Ken
smiled, following his and Ari's thoughts.
     
      	Ari drew a little breath as Bill licked the skin between her small
breasts clean. Deliberately, she took a spoonful and smeared it over her nipple,
gasping from the cold as the red bud came erect.  All she did was look at him,
then moan as his warm mouth closed over the cold flesh.   They never made it to
a bedroom - not with the study so close.
     
      End part 24
Note:  I now put all notes to readers in the blog.




Avatar
Chapter 25

      	The week seemed to fly by.  Ken woke Monday morning, feeling good after
sleeping in.  He, Jane and Sandy had made love until pretty late.  They got up
and went down stairs where Ari and Bill had fallen asleep after she'd seduced
him.  Bill woke up in the study to find himself surrounded by naked woman with
Ken offering him some coffee.  His brain had screamed RUN, but no one, not even
Sandy, seemed fazed by the fact that he was naked and that he and an equally
naked young girl draped over his body. 
     
      	When they were leaving that day, Sandy and Bill promised to return, and
Sandy extracted a promise from them to tell her about this whole slave thing.
     
      	Jane was still asleep when Ken dragged himself downstairs.  Despite all
the activity, he hadn't slept well, half remembered dreams invaded his rest. 
During the day, he contacted Joan and found out the title work was finished and
he could go in and sign it.  Then Ellen and Kim called him to finalize the
lottery transfer.  He also set up the scholarship for Ari and asked if they knew
a lawyer that they'd trust to handle other matters.  They said they'd work on
it.
     
      	Ari got home somewhat late from classes, she'd spent some time at the
library doing research for something or other.  Ari was into biology big time -
something Ken knew nothing about at all.  She also had quit her jobs; they
didn't care since they had a high turnover anyway.
     
      	When he retired to the study, he discovered a hardbound book on the
table.  Unsurprisingly, it was a Heinlein book - Time Enough for Love. Even more
surprisingly, he liked it.  It wasn't hardcore sci-fi, but it was still
excellent and the girls left him alone to read.  That night, sleep was even more
elusive and he woke drenched in sweat.  He slipped out of the room and into one
of the other bathrooms to take a shower.  He didn't go back to sleep that night.
     
      	The rest of the week was more of the same.  They were busy transitioning
their lives from old to new.  Jane and Ken moved the last of the things that
they wanted from their old places before Jane gave up her apartment.  Ken still
had no idea what to do about his house, but he felt it wasn't a good idea to
sell it.
     
      	Ari and Jane went to the mall with a credit card for clothing for Ari. 
She also explained to Ken that, if it was OK, she wanted a cell phone for her
sister.   From the few phone calls and one hasty meeting they'd had, it was
clear that her mom was going off the deep end.  Ari wasn't allowed to see her
sister at all.  The school had been notified and Ari had been told she wasn't
allowed on school grounds.   
     
      	Ken OK'd the phone without a second thought.  They told him they got
something very small - read expensive - and had had Jane slip it to the girl. 
Ari was happy to be back in contact with her sister, but grew more upset from
what she was hearing.
     
      	The days took on an easy rhythm - evenings and afternoons would usually
find two or more of them making love somewhere.  Genie came by after work on
Tuesday and Wednesday and they all played together.  Ken began searching for a
place to get bondage furniture after they decided to make one of the rooms into
a dungeon.  It had been an odd room anyway, located in the family wing of the
mansion.
     
      	The nights, however, were less tranquil.  Ken's nightmares had returned
full force and he got very little rest.  He knew that the women were aware there
was a problem, but he was still unwilling to discuss what was going on. 
Thursday evening, everything seemed to be going well.  Lea appeared and shared
dinner with them - not that she seemed to eat much, but just having her there
made everyone feel incredibly good.  She said nothing about Ken's problems,
although he knew she was completely aware of what the problem was.  That night
was a bad one, and the following night, Friday night was worse. 
     
      	Ken was getting irritable from the lack of sleep.  The energy he stored
could be used to sustain him, but not forever.  Going without sleep was bad, but
the emotional drain was more telling.  The women were being affected as well,
becoming slightly irritable.  It all came to a head Saturday morning.
     
      	Ken, waking for the third time Friday night, left the room and went to
the study.  He got himself a small glass of wine.  This time, he knew that he
was blocking the women.  They needed sleep and his inability to deal with
something that should have been over with a long time ago was affecting all of
them.  He cursed himself for his weakness.
     
      	He came aware when dim light began to filter into the room.  Arianwen
and Jane were kneeling at his feet.  Both were clothed.
     
      	"Ken," said Jane in a serious voice, "this can't go on.  You have to
tell us what's wrong."
     
      	Ari actually had tears in her eyes and it tore Ken's heart to know how
much pain he was causing her.  But if he told them, if they knew about what he'd
done, how would they feel?  He didn't think he could bear it to see fear in
their eyes when they looked at him.  Lea appeared behind them and for once, Her
presence did not give him peace.
     
      	"Kenneth, it is past time for you to handle this.  You must trust your
Circle, trust your loved ones.  You cannot run from this and you cannot forget
it."  It wasn't - quite - a command.  She would let things ride if he chose not
to speak.  But he knew She'd be very disappointed.
     
      	Ken sighed and leaned his head in his hands.  It was pounding and he
felt awful.
     
      	After a long time he began speaking...
     
      	The incident happened about 15 years ago, he began.  Although, I guess
you could say that what ended up happening was caused by something that I was
into long before that.  My dad, when I was a kid, loved to watch marshal arts
movies.  I loved to watch them too, even when I was three or four.  When I was
six, I began taking Aikido.  I really loved it and had a talent for it.  By the
time I was twelve, I'd won a lot of tournaments and had expanded into other
arts, Kenpo being one of them.  I was great at Aikido, but Kenpo was something
else.  It came so naturally that it felt as easy as breathing.  I learned
everything I could, spend almost everyday in the studio of one art or another. 
I learned the staff, sword and other weapons.  I had a real talent with edged
weapons.
     
      	I was always able to separate that life from things like school.  The
few times I'd gotten into scrapes in school, I never had to do much - usually I
just kept from getting hurt and walked, or ran, away.  There was this once in my
senior year when there was a problem I couldn't avoid.  This football player
decided he wanted my girlfriend.  She and I had been together for two years and
we had every intention of getting married after college.  He got nasty with her,
and it was just me, her and a bunch of his buddies.
     
      	We tried to walk, but it didn't happen.  They grabbed me, which I would
have dealt with, but then he put his hands on her and tried to kiss her.  I
don't remember what I did to the guys holding me, but he seemed pretty surprised
when I pulled him off her.  He took a swing at me, but never managed to connect
and I ended up dropping him.  Two other guys decided to get into things, and I
put them down too.  The rest figured that when five to one odds didn't work,
they had other places to be and left.
     
      	Nothing was really said about it, but I know that the main instigator -
Jed, didn't forget about the incident.  From being big man on campus in the
spring, his name was mud by mid winter.  Things went down hill for him and he
got expelled.  I didn't think much of it and Susan and I went on with our lives.
     
      	Things were going well for Susan and I.  We decided to go to the same
college and were both accepted.  We got engaged, but decided that the wedding
could wait until after we graduated.
     
      	Ken stopped his narrative for a moment and just sat.  Neither Jane nor
Arianwen moved.  They knelt, waiting.  With a sigh he continued.
     
      	It was spring and Susan and I were out for the night.  Classes were
going well, we were doing fine with each other and looking forward to getting a
small apartment together.  Her mother had always been against us moving in
together.  Perhaps it had something to do with Susan's father leaving them soon
after she as born.  Her mother loved her a lot and was very, very protective of
her.
     
      	Susan loved trains, loved to ride on them, loved to people watch.  It
never effected me the same way, but if it made her happy, I was all for it.  I
was young and confident.  By this time, I knew I could have been making money on
the tournament circuit if I'd wanted to.  I'd competed and won several high
level tournaments, but frankly, while I enjoyed the competition, I never really
liked the spot light.
     
      	Anyway, we were heading back to the car, and Susan was running in front
of me, wanting me to catch her, when I realized that we were in danger.  I was
too late though.  Before I could yell out, she'd been dragged into the alley,
and I had no choice but to follow.
     
      	There were four of them and two already had Susan and were cutting her
clothes off.  When I came around the corner, the other two were waiting for me.
     
      	I suppose that I could have handled things differently, but from what I
know now, it wouldn't have made a difference.  Both guys had knives.  One of
them almost got me right off the bat, but I managed to get out of the way.  Then
things got serious.  They knew what they were doing.  I could tell that they
were street brawlers - guys that love to fight just to do it.
     
       	I was distracted by Susan's scream and realized that things were really
bad.
      
       	Again he paused, his eyes open, but seeing nothing in the room.
      
       	Everything seemed to speed up.  I got the knife from one of them, but
the third one had left Susan and was coming for me.  He tried to stab me in the
back, but I twisted and he only cut my side.  He was the first on I... the first
one I killed.  I was out of time, they were no longer playing cat and mouse.
      
       	The other two attacked me, but now I was armed as well.  I was always
very good with edged weapons, but I still took another cut before I could kill
the second guy.
      
       	The final one I was fighting started screaming for help.  Seeing two of
his pals down, the last guy left Susan and joined his friend.  He wasn't as good
as the other ones had been, so I concentrated on the greater threat.  I was
almost killed when the fourth guy, after backing out with a slash on his arm
called my name.
      
       	Kenny, he said, I know you, you fuck!  You're gonna pay this time!
      
       	I didn't know who it was, but rather than heading for me, the guy ran
for Susan.  I got sloppy and took another cut, which focused me real quick. 
Then, taking a chance, I threw the knife my opponent.  It was a good knife, well
made and well balanced and it lodged in his throat.  I only found that out later
though because I was racing toward Susan.
      
       	He stopped again, tears in his eyes.  Neither Ari nor Jane's faces were
dry either.
      
       	I was too late.  The bastard killed her when he saw me was coming for
him.  Then he went for me.  I finally recognized him.  It was Jed.
      
       	Oddly enough I was in complete control now.  No anger, no fear, just
focus.  I beat him.  Badly.  But I didn't kill him - I just ensured that he'd
never walk again.  I might have done more, but once he was down I ran to Susan. 
The police arrived at the scene at about that time as well.
      
       	There was no way I could save her - her throat had been cut and she was
already dead.  Of course, the police were no help and I ended up in a cell -
after a quick trip to the hospital - because one of them grabbed me and punched
me in the mouth.  He thought that I'd killed Susan.  I broke his arm in three
places before they could stop me.
      
       	The next month was horrible.  It didn't take long for the police to
figure out what had happened.  Every one of those guys had warrants out for
their arrest because they were known murderers and had skipped parole.  Jed had
a record of minor offenses, but he wasn't talking, other than to a lawyer to try
and sue me.
      
       	Susan's mother went ballistic on me.  In fact, during the trial she
blamed me for her daughter's death and went completely off the deep end.
      
       	In the end I was absolved of any guilt and Jed was put away for life for
murder.  I was offered a reward for the three that I'd taken care of, but I
refused it.  The papers plagued me, the TV people plagued me.  Susan's mother
continued to call and harass me, going deeper and deeper into insanity.  She had
plenty of things to say to the papers and they ate it up.
      
       	She killed herself a month or so after the trial and tried to set me up
for it.  She should have had better timing since I was already here in
California trying to hide from everyone.  The case was an obvious suicide
anyway.
      
       	I gave up the arts after that.  I just couldn't bring myself to
continue.  I changed my life a lot, finished college and got a job.  I know now
that I sort of just stopped living.  I just existed from day to day.
      
       	Silence filled the room for a long time, broken only by the sound of the
rain that was falling.  Ari and Jane were wrapped around his legs, tears still
drying on their faces.  Ken realized that they'd shared his emotions of the
entire thing through his link with them.  They'd felt his pain, anger and
sorrow.  He snorted.  Some protector he was, he couldn't even protect his Circle
from himself.
      
       	"Don't you dare," said Jane.
      
       	"Huh?" asked Ken.
      
       	"Don't do that.  We wanted you to tell us, needed you to.  We are bound
together and we love you.  That means all of you, good and bad," said Jane.
      
       	"Sorry," said Ari, "But I'm missing the bad part."  She seemed furious. 
"Those pieces of shit got what they deserved."  She stopped and looked at Ken, 
"You have absolutely nothing to be ashamed of.  You did more than most anyone
could have done and Susan's mom was not your fault."

	Ken was still upset and being told these things from a seventeen year
old kind of made him angry.
      
       	"Kenneth," Lea was back.  "Listen to our Circle.  They are right.  Let
your anger go.  Let your fear go.
      
       	"I know it is hard for you, but it must be done.  As your Goddess, I
command you:  You are my Avatar and my, our protector.  You will resume your
studies."  Lea's eyes were hard as stone and Ken felt the weight of Her will
against his own.  She didn't push, but let him know the time for self-pity was
over.  He would no longer be allowed to run.
      
       	"The world is still dangerous for my followers.  They need someone to
protect them and help them protect themselves.  Do not fail me."  With that, she
disappeared again.
      
       	Almost another hour went by before Ari's stomach growled so loudly that
they all heard it.
      
      	"Scuse me," she said. 
     
      	"I think," said Jane, "That some food is in order."  With that she rose
and headed for the kitchen.  Ari flowed into Ken's lap and he drew a lot of
comfort from her small, lithe body.
  
       	She stayed there until Jane came in with a tray.  After they ate, Ken
and Ari lit a fire in the fireplace and remained in the study, reading and
cuddling the rest of the day.  Ken actually finished the Heinlein book, enjoying
it a great deal.  A search of the library turned up two more of his books - both
hard back.  Jane suggested that he read Stranger in a Strange Land.  It was too
late to read, but when the ladies wanted to go to bed, Ken was not tired and
begged off.  They went upstairs and he could feel them softly make love, then
fall asleep.
      
       	In the wee hours of the morning, Lea appeared and sat next to him as he
looked into the fire.
      
       	"Those of us you term Gods and Goddess don't like to leave things to
chance," she said with out preamble.  He looked at her, wondering what she was
getting at.  "The future is fluid, like water.  Few things are absolutely
certain."  Another pause, "Jed was a pawn sent to destroy a King.  He failed,
but only just."
      
       	It took him a minute, but then he understood.  Jed had been used to try
and destroy him.  But why?  It'd had been fifteen years ago, and he hadn't know
Lea at all.
      
       	"It's funny how things work out," She said.  "Had your life gone as you
planned, it is not likely we would have met.  You would have been too devoted to
Susan."
      
       	Ken continued his silence, still stuck on why someone would want to
destroy him.  From Lea's hints, if they went for him now, he'd understand.  But
then?
      
       	"Kenneth, do not concentrate on the why.  I should think that would be
obvious.  Concentrate instead, on the who."  She disappeared.
      
       	It was almost dawn before Ken crawled into bed.  He still had no idea
who would have tried to fuck up his life.  Jed hadn't been used too gently
either, but he spared little thought for him.  Ken fell asleep immediately
holding Jane's warm body to his own. 
      
       	It was close to noon when he woke.  He felt better than he had in days,
which was good.  Jane was still sleeping next to him, but Ari was gone.  He
could feel her down in the media room playing on the computer.  Disentangling
himself from his slave was difficult.  Then he realized that she was awake and
reaching for his morning hard-on. 
      
       	Desire flooded him, tempered only by the fullness of his bladder.  He
got up and went into the bath, with Jane close behind.  He peed and when the
stream was almost finished, she grasped the head and directed it into her mouth. 
Ari, Ken thought, must be having an effect on her.  Sucking him to hardness took
a very short time and soon she was bent over the sink while he plowed into her
from behind.
      
       	She was wet and still sticky from last night's session with Ari, her
body hot and receptive. They came together, Jane knowing without words that it
was OK to have an orgasm.
      
       	They washed each other in the shower, then washed Arianwen when she
joined them.   Other activities ensued and Ken was glad for the on demand
systems that supplied hot water to the shower.
      
       	Sandy and Genie had both called.  Ken, when he thought back on it,
recalled the phone ringing yesterday, but the girls had fielded the calls.
      
       	"We told Genie and Sandy we'd call them today to see if we could get
together," said Jane.
      
       	"Sure," he said, "why not?"
      
       	Ari clapped her hands and offered to make a run for fresh salad stuff. 
Ken, with a knowing glint in his eye, suggested a specific store for her to stop
by and get bread at.  Ari left shortly after.
      
       	By the time she returned, both Genie and Sandy were there.  Bill too had
been invited and despite the view of naked female flesh by the pool, he and Ken
were in the media room discussing a computer upgrade for Ken.
      
       	Bill was in awe of the potential that this place represented and was
really enthusiastic.  Right up until the time that a naked, and obviously
aroused, Arianwen walked purposefully into the room.
      
       	"You Sir," she said, "Set me up."
      
       	"I'm sorry?" said Ken.
      
       	"You knew I'd never be able to resist Karen," she returned.
      
       	"Oh yeah, Karen.  So she was there?"
      
       	"Oh yes.  Would you two studs like to hear what happened?"
      
       	Bill was a bit mystified, but Ari was so hot that any excuse to keep her
in the room was a good one.
      
       	"Sure," said Ken, who was already dimly aware through the link that some
pretty intense sex had gone on.  He could have pulled the details from her
brain, but decided not to.
      
      	 "I was looking for that bread you guys liked so much when I came across
her in an aisle.  She looked at me and I about melted.  She is *so* hot. 
Anyway, she helped me find the bread, but somehow, before I could even make a
move, she pushed me into the employee lounge.  She told me she'd understand if I
said no, but that she wanted me.
      
       	"She had on this short skirt and cute little crop top, so when I got on
my knees to kiss her pussy yes, it was easy to get to.  You guys call me a minx! 
She'd just had sex with her boyfriend an hour before.
      
       	"Goddess, she tasted so good, and she came so hard.  I got a mouthful of
her and her boyfriends cum, so I kissed her with it.  That shot her off again."
      
      	While Ari was telling her story, Ken was following the scenes in her
mind.  They were incredible.   He could feel Bill's arousal growing and decided
that, as long as her mouth was free, Ari could continue with her story.  He got
on his knees behind her and opened her legs, then started sucking her pussy from
behind.  Ari never did finish her story because Bill started to play with her
clit and bite her nipples.
      
       	Somehow, in this mansion, Bill felt safe.  Maybe it was because he'd
lost his virginity here or maybe it was because he'd had sex with Ari in this
very room a week ago.  Whatever the cause, he didn't care.  Ari responded to his
ministrations by groaning and pushing her body against them.  She was hot, wet
and very, very ready. 
      
       	Ken moved around to her front, then lay her down on top of him, sliding
his cock into her ready cunt.  He slowly pumped the small girl as she lay on top
of him.  The view of that huge cock splitting Ari's small hole stirred something
in Bill.  He wondered what it would be like to have her helpless under him while
he had his way with her. 
      
       	He'd seen some bondage stuff on the net - hell he practically lived on
the net, and it had interested him.  He wondered if any of these people got off
on that.  Maybe he could learn something from them. In the meantime, he didn't
want to disturb these two.  Oddly enough, he didn't feel left out or rebuffed. 
He got the feeling that he could have sex with Ari later.
      
       Ari, Ken could tell, wanted him now.  She wanted both of them.  She
rapidly sat up on Ken's cock and twisted around so her back was to him.  Ken
groaned from the twisting motion on his cock and Ari said, "Bill - why don't you
bring that hard cock here.  I've got a place for it."  She slowly slid a finger
into her mouth, then ran the slick digit over her lips.  Her hips rotated on
Ken's cock and she closed her eyes and moaned.
      
       	Bill could not resist that.  Ken watched as he approached the teen, who
gently guided him into her mouth.
      
       	This was interesting, he thought.  The energy flow was very different
from when there were two women and him.  Ari seemed to be absorbing a lot of
energy for Bill, but Ken absorbed the energy that she put out - which was a hell
of a lot more than usual.
      
       	He eventually groaned and emptied himself into Arianwen's grasping
pussy.  She'd already finished off Bill and was concentrating on her own orgasm
while he pumped sperm into her.  They'd just finished when Sandy, Jane and Genie
walked into the study.
      
       	"Is this a private party or can anyone join in?" asked Jane.
      
       	Genie answered that question by kneeling in front of Bill and taking his
cock into her mouth.  He didn't think he'd be able to get hard so soon, but he
was wrong.   She soon introduced him to his first anal experience.
      
       	Jane was riding Ken's face and sucking Ari's and his juices off his
cock, while Sandy and Ari were in a sixty-nine.  Ari was on top and Sandy was
sucking for all she was worth when Ari began to worm a finger into Sandy's tight
ass hole.  The suction she was providing to Sandy's clit made things loosen up
quite a bit.
      
       	"Bill, I bet if you were to spank her but a little, she'd love it," said
Jane.
      
       	Genie, who was down on her knees with her filled ass pushed in the air,
groaned her approval.  Bill, who's fantasies of bondage were beginning to
surface more and more, gave her a tap on one but cheek with his hand.  Then
another.  Each one was followed by a light Mmm.
      
       	"No dear," said Jane rising from Ken's body, "Like this."  She walked
over and swatted Genie hard enough to leave a red handprint.
      
       	"Oh God yeah," moaned Genie.  Jane repeated the action, drawing another
moan from the girl.  Bill soon figured out a rhythm and an intensity level for
the spanking, causing Genie to moan and cum around his cock.  He stopped
spanking her when she came and she gave a little mew of loss.  Jane, figuring
Bill's hand was hurting, handed him a belt.  They'd been doing some playing in
the study this week and there were a few toys here and there.  He looked at the
belt like he had no idea what to do with it.
      
       	"Here," said Ken taking it from him.  "Just use it about as hard as you
did your hand.  Genie likes her ass played with, as you can tell, and can take a
pretty hard whipping - as long as she's aroused."
      
       	He demonstrated by placing a precise stroke across her ass.  Ken
followed Bill's thoughts when he hit Genie.  Bill was amazed, more images of
things he'd seen on the net running through his head.  He wondered if people
other than actress actually got off on the stuff he'd seen.  From her loud moans
and clenching ass muscles, it seemed as if Genie did.
      
       	Finally Bill came, spewing a lot of cum deep in Genie's bowels.  Her ass
was very red and it turned him on to know that not only did she like it, but
he'd been the one to do it.  He was astonished when Genie pulled off his cock,
and whipped around to take it in her mouth, gently sucking it clean.  Wow.  Mind
blowing.
      
       	Ari and Jane went to round up more food while the others retired to the
porch.  Bill, Ken knew, was sort of in a daze.  After all, he'd only just met
Genie - but he thought he was falling in love with her.  He put it off as an
adolescent fantasy - hell, he liked all these people, but he felt a deeper
connection with Genie.
      
       	Genie felt it too and stayed wrapped in his arms after they left the
study.  It was too hot to stay that way for long, so they all jumped into the
pool until they heard the call for dinner.
      
       	Ken and Bill dried off and helped Jane and Ari carry out the food while
Genie and Sandy set up the table.  All and all, Ken mused, it was an excellent
end to a weekend that'd had a crappy start.
      
       	He slept very well that night, Jane and Ari curled up next to him.
      
       	End Chapter 25




Avatar
Chapter 26

      	Ari was gone when Ken woke up, but the real surprise was that Jane was
also awake.  He could feel her in the kitchen puttering around.   As was his
wont, he jumped into the shower, where she joined him minutes later.  He washed
her hair, which had gotten noticeably longer in the last two weeks.  His hands
ran over the rough stubble on her mons.
     
      	"Hmmm, what have we here?"  he said teasing the large clit under his
fingers.  His thumb rubbed the roughness on her mons, "A bit of stubble, eh?"
     
      	"Yes Master.  You haven't told me what you want me to do about it," she
replied, rotating her hips under his moving fingers.
     
      	"Well, what did you used to do about it?"
     
      	"When it got long enough, my Mistress would have me waxed," replied
Jane.
     
      	The slight tremor in her voice said there as more.  "And?"
     
      	"It was sort of a ritual.  She had a friend that had all the stuff.  I'd
be tied down and she'd spread very hot wax over me.  Then she'd pull it off,
getting all the hair.  After that, I'd be cropped on my mons and pussy and, if
my Mistress wanted to give me a treat, her friend would whip my breasts and she
would whip my pussy until I came."  She was now grinding her ass into his hard
cock.  "Naturally, I'd hold out as long as I could before I came."
     
      	Gee, there was a surprise.  One thing led to another and Ken ended up
taking her from behind.  She leaned forward and rested her hands against the
wall while he fucked her, groaning when he pulled hard on her nipple bars and
started pinching her clit.
     
      	When she knew he was near cuming, she said, "Master, would you pierce my
clit?  I'd love to feel your ring through it."
     
      	He saw in her mind what she wanted.  It would be an event for her -
she'd be tied and played with most of the day.  Then, when she was most
sensitive from all the fucking and whipping, she'd be immobilized with her legs
spread wide and her large clit slowly pierced with a large gauge needle.  Next,
the ring would be slid through her flesh and finally, she'd be caged in a small
cage, her wrists locked behind and outside of it and her new clit ring chained
to the front of the cage.  She'd be left there for the night.
     
      	Ken came, spewing thick come deep into her tight vagina.  He drove her
to the very edge, but wouldn't let her cum and they rinsed off and left the
shower.  Kim called when they were downstairs and said they'd found a lawyer
that might suit their needs.  She also wanted him to come by - or they'd come
over - to discuss some irregularities in the contract for the mansion.
     
      	"I don't like surprises, Kim.  What's going on?"
     
      	"I'm sorry Mast... Sir... Mr. Whitestone," replied the flustered woman. 
"But the paperwork we received wasn't released until you had the title.  Ellen
is still researching it.  I promise that while it is unusual it won't cost you
any money.  Ellen requested that, unless you insist, we wait until we get
together to explain it all."
     
      	Ken thought a moment.  He was annoyed because he didn't like surprises
and because he'd hired these people to be thorough.  Still, it couldn't hurt to
wait and see what was going on. 
     
      	"I expect a call no later than close of business today and with a
briefing on what's going, no matter what you have - or haven't - found."
     
     	"Yes Sir.  I'm sure that won't be a problem," replied Kim.  Ken thought
it was extremely odd that Kim was responding to him as a submissive, rather than
an employee.
     
      	Jane looked a question at him when he got off the phone.
     
      	"I have an idea," he said.
     
      	"Yes Master?" she asked sliding to the floor and kneeling at his feet. 
He marveled at how gracefully she moved and how beautiful she looked.  She and
Ari were still not wearing clothing in the house.
     
      	"OK, now I have two ideas - but we should really go with the first one I
came up with."
     
      	"Yes Master."  Jane had a big grin on her face.  She was managing to
tease him with her body while looking completely innocent.  Well, as innocent as
she could look while she was kneeling there naked.
     
      	"Would you be interested in a new car?"
     
      	Her eyes glinted and she nodded with a big grin on her face. 
Surprisingly, she knew exactly what she wanted - a BMW.  Just one that was
smaller and sportier than what he'd gotten.  Ken smiled and picked up the phone. 
When he put it down he said, "Well, get some clothes on and let's go"
     
      	She was dressed in record time.  Not surprising since heels, a short
skirt and blouse were all she decided to wear.  It was clear she was braless
beneath the top. 
     
      	Off they went to the dealership.  If it had been hard to fend off the
salesmen last time, this time it was almost impossible.  Not only did they know
he had money, but Jane attracted the men like flies.  Eric, however, was the
only one he'd deal with.
     
      	Ken could see by reading him that things had continued to go down hill. 
Eric hated working here, he missed school and Sally had changed, for the worse,
since the baby.  In fact, even though he knew he'd make a good sale with Ken, he
was nervous since she was supposed to be there in half an hour with the baby.
     
      	Eric needed another good sale, especially since management had warned
him that if he didn't pick up, even with the sale of Ken's car, he wasn't going
to be there much longer.  Of course, the totally ineffective rah-rah speech that
the owner had given the sales staff about how they were all a team and should
pull for one another, had only made things worse.  The other salesmen thought
that Eric had gone and complained, or gotten Ken to do it, and now they really
gave him a hard time. The lease was coming due on the house he and Sally were
renting and the owner was making noises about selling the place.  Eric's life
was not very pleasant at the moment.
        
      	None of his unhappiness showed when he was dealing with Ken and Jane. 
Ken was unsurprised to find out that Eric had serious Dom tendencies.  He
couldn't look a Jane with out seeing her bound in some strict way.  Or being
whipped or caned.  These thoughts affected Jane, causing her nipples to stand
out, the bars clearly showing through her top, and making her cunt wet.  She was
filling the area her scent, and that getting to Eric in a big way.
     
      	Eric's response to Jane made him very uncomfortable.  He and Sally used
to have a fantastic sex life.  She'd been very sub and they'd even played with
other couples.  All that had stopped after the baby though.  Ken saw him visibly
force his mind away from that train of thought
     
      	Jane told Eric what kind of car she wanted and they took one out for a
drive.  She loved it, but by the time they got back, Sally was there.  That's
when things started to get a little complicated.
     
      	Eric introduced his wife and the baby and, despite the fact that she
hated Ken and Jane on sight, Sally hid it well.  They went into the office and
Ken could see that Sally almost wouldn't go with them.  Of course, she really
shouldn't have been in there anyway, but Ken and Jane didn't mind at all. 
Somehow Jane crowded her in there by smiling and making noises about how cute
the baby was.  Before Sally could figure out what was going on, she was in the
office with them. 
     
      	Ken had the feeling that something was up with the woman - her immediate
hatred of them just wasn't natural.  When he read someone, it was usually just
their surface thoughts.  Sexual fantasies he probed a little deeper for.  But
now, for the first time, he deliberately forced his way into someone's  mind
without creating a sexual fantasy.  What he found surprised and frightened him.
     
      	There was a ... shadow on her mind.  It radiated from one central place
and had spread small, evil tendrils through her brain.  He didn't know what the
hell the thing was, but it wasn't natural and it wasn't good.  He wondered where
it had come from.  Time shifted and he was transported back into the delivery
room.
     
      	Sally lay there, her baby almost arrived.  Eric was there, her doctor
and the attending nurses were there and so was her gynecologist.  While Ken
watched, the baby began to crown and everyone's attention was drawn to that. 
The gynecologist moved to Sally's head.  She whispered something, her eyes
closed while she rested her fingers on Sally's temples.  Sally's eyes glazed for
a second, then everything returned to normal.  That was when Ken saw the shadow
take root.
     
      	The scene shifted, and all of a sudden Ken was back in the office with
everyone.  Jane looked at him, almost in slow motion.  No one else was moving -
it was if they were frozen.  Somehow she had watched the scene from the delivery
room as well.
     
      	Ken looked at Sally and saw that, even though she was frozen, the shadow
wasn't.  It seemed to be beating at some sort of barrier.
     
      	In his head he heard the whisper of Lea's voice.  "Close the sphere. 
Use the energy that you have."
     
      	He looked at the shadow again; it was now beating furiously against the
barrier.  Ken imagined the globe contracting, getting smaller and smaller.  The
tentacles were yanked from where they'd taken up residence and sucked back into
the main mass.  Ken could feel his own energy draining at an alarming rate, but
finally the shadow in Sally's mind was isolated.
     
      	Time sped up to normal and Sally swayed a bit.  Fortunately Jane was
holding the baby, and Eric's attention was focused on them.  Ken moved to
Sally's side. 
     
      	"Are you OK?" he asked.
     
      	"Yeah," she smiled.  In fact, she was very confused.  Something...
something inside her was changed, but she had no idea what it was.  She only
knew that the depression that had been plaguing her, and the intense dislike
she'd had for these people had evaporated.  "I'm just a little dizzy"
     
     	 Eric was immediately at her side.  She smiled at him and gave him a
light kiss.  Ken felt Eric's heart lurch - the action was so like the old Sally,
that he was almost heart broken.  He missed her so much.  They ended up talking
like old friends for almost an hour.  Eric was astonished - Sally hadn't been
like this since before their child's birth.  Even with their old friends she'd
been snappish and unpleasant.  Ken was worried though.  He knew that what he'd
done wasn't a permanent fix.   It would last a few days, maybe more, and then
Sally would be back to where she had been.  What the hell was that thing?
     
      	They left not long after that.  Ken had managed to get Eric and Sally to
agree to dinner at the mansion Tuesday night which was good because  Ken wasn't
sure that what he'd done would last too much longer.  He needed to have a
conversation with Lea about what had happened.  They left Ken's X5 at the
dealership and drove out in Jane's new black M3 coup. 
     
      	"Where to now Master?" she asked.
     
      	Just then the phone rang.  It was Ellen.
     
      	"Mr. Whitestone?"
     
      	"Ellen, how are you?"
     
      	"Fine, thank you.  Do have some free time today?"
     
     	"Sure.  What time?" he asked.
    
     	"Would like to meet for lunch again?"
    
      	They made the arrangements and Ken gave Jane directions.   On the way
they discussed what had happened with Sally.  Jane could sense that something
was wrong with the woman, but not what.  It wasn't until Ken began confining it
that she'd been able to see the shadow.  It had frightened and revolted her.  By
the time they got to the restaurant, they'd come to no conclusions about what
had happened and had to shelve the subject.  Ken hoped that Lea would be able to
shed some light on the topic.
     
      	Ellen and Kim were waiting for Ken and Jane at the restaurant.  They
were directed to a very private booth and introductions were made all around. 
Ellen and Kim were having a very hard time focusing.  Ken and Jane were both
starving for both food and energy so their bodies were dumping pheromones in an
effort to stimulate others around them.  It had taken everything he had to wall
off the shadow and more; somehow he'd pulled on Jane's energy as well. 
Fortunately Kim and Ellen reacted to the pheromones by getting very aroused
which caused them to emit a lot of energy which he and Jane absorbed like dry
sponges. 
     
      	Jane was pushing all of Ellen's Domme buttons and Kim, of course, was
responding to both her lover and Ken.  Kim was especially vulnerable to the two
dominants because Ellen had really laid into her this morning.  Plus, she was
still embarrassed from her conversation with Ken earlier, and embarrassment was
sexually exciting to her.  She'd almost called him Master, for crying out loud,
and that was unacceptably unprofessional, which further confused the issue for
the woman.
     
      	Jane too was having an effect on Kim since she could imagine herself
tied in various positions with the woman.  She had no idea why she thought Jane
was a submissive, but she was sure of it.  So was Ellen, who was wet in a matter
of minutes while thinking of Jane being whipped to orgasm with a single tail
whip.  Kim currently had marks on her ass from that very same whip.  Ellen knew
that they'd have to stop somewhere after this meeting so she could get some
relief from Kim.  Of course, her little subbie was just going to have to suffer
until tonight to get her own relief - most likely after another session with the
single tail.  They didn't talk business during  lunch - other than Ellen making
a quick call to the lawyer she wanted to introduce Ken and Jane to.  After
they'd eaten, Ellen and Kim made a visible effort to concentrate on something
other than the lust flowing through their bodies.
     
      	"Mr. Whitestone..."
     
      	"Just Ken, Ellen," Ken interrupted.
     
      	"Ken.  I'm very sorry about the irregularities in the contract for the
house.  If you want, I can now give you a full explanation of what happened, but
it will take a while.  I can give you a summery in just a few minutes though." 
She paused, "I've also prepared a list of names of finance people that you might
find of use if you decide not to retain our services."
     
      	That last had cost her, but she was doing what she thought was right.
     
      	"Why don't you just give me a run down about what happened?"  replied
Ken, "We'll go into the details at another time."
     
      	"Actually, it was Kim who discovered the paperwork  -  mainly because it
was delivered to offices Friday.
     
      	"No one that I've talked to has ever heard of anything like this before. 
You see," she paused,  "the money that you paid for the mansion went into some
very strange sort of fund.  The short of it is - you own the fund.  Convoluted
doesn't come close to describing how this works.  Essentially the money you paid
for the mansion, you paid to yourself.  Taxes have been taken care of from
another source that we haven't tracked down yet and your money is designated for
estate upkeep."
     
      	"Uh, yeah.  Run that by me again?"
     
      	Both Jane and Ken had a very bemused look on their faces.
     
      	"You paid yourselves," repeated Ellen.  "All the money you paid for the
estate was transferred back to you and put into a fund for estate upkeep."
     
      	Ken and Jane sat in stunned silence.  "That's just a bit on the odd
side," remarked Ken.
     
      	"Odd doesn't cover it," Kim said.  "We can't actually discover who set
up the fund.  Not only that, but we no longer have any records of who owned the
estate.  They've somehow been wiped clean and you're the only owner of record."
     
      	"Wait, how can that be?  Wouldn't there be a record of them with the
title company?" asked Jane.
     
      	"There's supposed to be.  But the information has all been deleted. 
Actually, it was marked as sealed, but we managed to get Lenny to get a court
order to break the seal.  Didn't help.  There's nothing in the paperwork that
mentions anyone's name."
     
      	"I wouldn't think that's possible in this day and age," Ken commented.
     
      	They discussed the impossibilities, but no one had anything else to add. 
Finally, Ellen looked at her watch.
     
      	"Ken, I set up a meeting with Lenny for about a half hour from now.  I
hope that's OK," said Ellen.
     
      	"Yeah, that'll be fine.  And Ellen, I really don't have any interest in
finding anyone else to handle our finances."
     
      	Ellen and Kim insisted on picking up the tab and Ken and Jane invited
them over for dinner for Wednesday night.  They all left for Lenny's office.
     
      	Lenny was a character, that was for sure.  He was a short, thin, intense
man who managed to give the impression of vast energy without appearing nervous
or brusque.  He was also flamingly gay.
     
      	This was certainly a new experience for Ken.  Lenny was attracted to
him, not Jane and Ken found the effect interesting.   Although Ken was straight
with absolutely no homosexual leanings, he found Lenny's interest neither
offensive nor arousing.  Lenny somehow sensed this which, oddly, made him warm
to Ken, on a personal, rather than sexual, level.
     
      	Ken scanned Lenny looking for some conformation of Ellen and Kim's high
opinion of him.  He got an impression of the number of cases the man had won and
he appeared to have a mind boggling knowledge of the law.  Maybe his knowledge
wouldn't be very impressive to another lawyer, but Ken didn't get that
impression.
     
      	They discussed Lenny helping them dig out what the hell was going on
with the estate.  Once he realized that Ken was straight and couldn't care less
that he wasn't, Lenny warmed up even more, elaborating on the work that he'd
already done.  Ellen and Kim were charging his time to their firm, since they
were the ones that had missed the oddness.
     
      	Ken didn't agree.  He had realized that there was no way anyone could
have known about this weirdness and forced Ellen and Kim to agree to bill him. 
He suspected that it would make their firm happy, which would take pressure off
them.
     
      	In the end, Lenny agreed to accept a retainer that would make sure he
was available in case Ken or any of his household needed his services.
     
      	"Actually, there is something you could help us with," said Ken.  He
told him what he wanted.
     
      	"I'm pretty sure that I can set that up.  I'll let you know in a day or
so."
     
      	They shook hands and parted company.  By this time it was getting close
to rush hour and Jane was surprised that Ken asked her to head into the city
rather than toward home.
     
      	"Master, where are we going?"
     
      	Ken just flashed her a big grin.  "I found a place on the net that has
some things that I want to get.  So we're heading there.  Don't worry, I'll give
you directions."
     
      	"I see," she replied, "What sort of things?"
     
      	"You'll see," he said with a smile in his voice.  Then he began to
discuss what they should get for Ari for a present.  While they'd been talking
the other day, Ari'd mentioned that she was managing a 4.0 average at school. 
Considering the level of classes she was taking and the fact that she'd had to
work the entire year, that was pretty impressive.  Especially considering the
upheavals in her life - which would have shaken an adult, never mind a seventeen
year old.  He told Jane what he wanted to get Ari, and she agreed that it was an
excellent idea.
     
      	They arrived at a non-descript building in a not so great neighborhood. 
The sign said  simply "Gary's".  Ken felt the jump in Jane's heart rate when
they entered.  Almost the entire place was devoted to BDSM furniture.  They had
some toys - high end metal restraints and things like that, but mostly they had
a lot of furniture.
     
      	Gary, the owner, was actually there.  He was a well built guy with
massive arms and thinning hair.  He had a pleasant tenor voice and gave Jane a
once over.  Jane immediately recognized he was a serious Dom.    With two strong
Doms in a room full of BDSM accoutrements, she was actually starting to drip. 
Naturally, all she could think of was falling to her knees in front of them.
     
      	Ken looked at her, then looked at Gary.  "Gary, I'd like you to meet my
slave Jane."
     
      	A large grin spread over his face as he looked at the tall woman.  "Very
nice," he replied.
     
      	"Jane dear," said Ken, "Gary and I are going to be talking for a while. 
Why don't you make yourself more comfortable."
     
      	"Yes Master," Trembling, she knelt, back straight, knees together.
     
      	Ken and Gary moved off a bit and Ken said, "I'm going to be outfitting a
private dungeon.  I'd like to see what you have to offer."  He paused and looked
back at Jane.  "Is there a possibility that I might be able to try some of the
pieces you have here on her?  Just to see what she looks like in them, of
course."
     
      	"Of course," replied Gary.  "This is my store, so I can do more or less
what I want.  No one under eighteen is allowed in.  In fact, I've actually had a
number of naked slaves wandering around the store."
     
      	"Oh," said Ken, "so you won't mind if I have her remove her clothes?"
     
      	"No way," chuckled Gary.  "Won't bother me a bit."
     
      	"Jane," said Ken loud enough for her to hear, "Take off your clothes."
     
      	Without a word of protest, she removed her top, skirt and shoes.  Gary
whistled in appreciation.  The changes had continued in Jane's body.  Her large
breasts were very full and firm now  - no sag at all, but they couldn't be
mistaken for anything but completely natural.  Not only that but her body looked
tanned and toned.  The only thing out of place, so to speak, was the stubble on
her mons.
     
      	The men wandered the store while Ken looked at the furniture.  Some of
it Gary had in stock, some pieces were special order only.  All of it was very
high quality.
     
      	"Who does your work?" asked Ken.
     
      	"I do," said Gary.  "Well, most of it.  I have my own slave.  She
assists, but mainly does the fine jewelry work.  I work in either wood or
metal."
     
      	Ken found that he really liked Gary.  There was the odd
same-magnetic-pole feeling to his mind, but his thoughts were clean and ordered. 
His lust was pure as well, and from what Ken scanned, he was the kind of Dom
that Ken liked.  Very strict, but very loving.
     
      	Ken marked six pieces of furniture that he wanted - for a start.  Plus
he wanted two cages and several metal restraints.  Gary had two of the pieces of
bondage furniture in stock, the rest had to be made.  He had both cages at the
store as well.  Ken picked out several metal restraints that he thought would
look good on either Jane or Ari.
     
      	"You mind if I try these on for size?" he asked.
     
      	"I assume you mean on your slave."
     
      	"Yup."
     
      	"Sure."
     
      	Jane knew something was up when they headed toward her with several
handfuls of metal.
     
      	The first thing they put her in was a straight bar that was like set of
stocks.  Her legs were locked wide apart and her wrists were held between them,
then the bar was folded over and bolted closed.  It was a very nice set up -
especially when she was on her knees.
     
      	"Very nice," said Ken admiring the view of his slave's dripping sex. 
She was incredibly aroused.  No one had played hard with her in a while and she
missed it.  Ken picked up a knotted cat.  Like everything else it was
beautifully made and incredibly well balanced- much better than anything he
owned.
     
      	"I'm going to buy this," he said.  "Do you mind if I see if Jane likes
it?"
     
      	"Sure," grinned Gary.
     
      	Ken snapped a hard strike right between Jane's legs, the knotted strands
stinging her opened sex.  Several more strikes welted her ass and back before he
wind milled five quick hits between her legs.
     
      	Jane started begging to cum.
     
      	"What do you think?" he asked Gary.

      	"I think that I have a number of other things that you might like to try
on her as well.  Ever play with a Tens unit or a violet wand?"
     
      	Both were expensive toys that Ken had never had the opportunity to play
with.  He'd seen them used though. Jane found herself released from the stocks -
which were added to Ken's growing pile of stuff, and strapped to a square frame. 
It wasn't a normal frame though.  It was very adjustable and allowed her to be
stretched wide while remaining upright.  Since only her wrists and ankles were
held in nice leather cuffs, her entire body was accessible.  The cuffs were
adjusted and she found herself pulled wide in all directions.
     
      	"You can actually fully suspend a slave in this, but I don't recommend
it.  Too easy to damage the wrists," commented Gary.
     
      	Ken nodded his agreement, but knew that it wouldn't damage Jane.  Oh, it
would still hurt like hell, but it wouldn't damage her - at least not in a way
she couldn't quickly heal.
     
      	He picked up several beautiful floggers and swung them experimentally. 
They were as nicely balanced as the cat and Jane, tied in the frame, experienced
them both.  She was moaning and rotating her hips, silently begging to cum.  Ken
and Gary continued to discuss various pieces of furniture, completely ignoring
the woman.  They tried a metal mask on her, a few high end clamps, and Gary was
handed the flogger so that he could whip her back while Ken flogged her front. 
She was sweating and shaking, her pussy flowered completely open while the men
played with her body. 
     
      	She was ignored, other than as a test bed for various toys.  In fact,
they treated her as just another toy which made the woman crazy with lust. 
     
      	Eventually, Gary broke out the violet want and began to show Ken its
various uses.  Naturally, those uses included stimulating Jane's breasts and
especially her nipple piercings.  Gary produced two clever nipple stretchers and
attached those behind the nipple bars.  The little metal devices were very
painful, pulling the nipples while biting into the areolas.  Jane flew through
out it all, her body absorbing everything they did and asking for more.  Gary
was very impressed.
     
      	The wand produced extremely interesting results when applied to the
metal stretching Jane's nipples.  Ken felt the echo of pain as fire seemed to
spread through her breasts.  Jane immediately started begging to cum again. 
Again, she was ignored.
     
      	The men were kneeling between Jane's legs and Gary commented on the size
of her clit.
     
      	"Nice one for a piercing," he said.
     
      	"Yeah," replied Ken.  "It's something I'd like to do myself, but I don't
have the experience and I don't want it screwed up."
     
      	"I can teach you," replied Gary.  "I've got my certification and I do a
side business in a shop down town.  I've done a lot of piercings, and never
screwed one up."
     
      	Ken read from the man's mind that this was true.  He'd done a large
number of piercings - even clit piercings.  His own slave wore many of his
rings.  Gary was very proud of his work, and was extremely precise, but had
never offered to teach someone else.  However, he liked Ken and he thought his
slave was amazing.
     
      	Ken idly rubbed Jane's clit, causing her hips to jerk.  In short order
she was moaning and desperate for an orgasm.  Ken thought it was time he let her
but...
     
      	"Jane dear, I'll tell you what.  You can cum, if you can do it from
this," and he placed the end of the wand against her clit.
     
      	Jane immediately started begging for an orgasm, wanting to make sure it
was OK.  Pain and pleasure flared through her clit and all she could think about
was an orgasm.  Gary was well controlled, but Ken could feel his need as well.
     
      	"Go ahead love," he said, "you've earned it."
     
      	Jane shrieked, her muscles taut and pulling against the frame - which
actually creaked.  Gary looked at it in alarm while watching the woman in awe. 
She came hard, her muscles outlined by her gleaming skin as she shook the frame. 
Ken left the wand on her clit for almost a minute as orgasms shook her body. 
The frame creaked again, causing Gary some concern.  That thing was tube steel
and shouldn't have any trouble holding the woman.
     
      	Ken finally moved the wand away from his slave and he and Gary quickly
released her.  Ken picked her up and moved over to a couch while Gary got her
some water and a light blanket.  She smiled and purred while Ken stroked her
face and hair, her body energized from all the lust she'd been creating in the
men.  She could easily go on for quite a while, but it was getting late. 
However...
     
      	"Jane love," said Ken when Gary returned, "don't you think it would be
nice if you thanked Gary for letting us try out his toys?"
     
      	She was immediately on her knees in front of the man.  Her hands were
behind her back, her knees were spread and she looked absolutely beautiful.
     
      	"Sir, my Master has given me permission to show you how much I enjoyed
your attentions.  How would you like me?"
     
      	Gary looked at Ken, then at Jane, then back at Ken.  "She gives an
excellent blow job," suggested Ken.
     
      	Gary looked down at the woman with lust.  He had his own slave who was
also very submissive and he knew she'd love to get into a scene with these two. 
He nodded his assent and Jane went to work.
     
      	His slave gave excellent blowjobs, but Jane was something else all
together.  Of course, Jane had the advantage of knowing exactly what the man
wanted.  It didn't take him long to orgasm.  He grabbed her head, thrusting his
long cock into her mouth.  She accepted it and put her hands behind her back
while he flooded her mouth with his cum. 
     
      	Ken noticed the energy produced from him was different than he got from
a woman.  It was very intense, but only for a short time - mimicking the male
orgasm.  He'd been too occupied the other night when Bill had cum to notice any
differences.  Plus the male energy tended to end up being absorbed by Jane and
Ari. 
     
      	"That," said Gary, "was very nice.  Thank you."
     
      	His thank you was to Ken, not Jane, which almost made Jane moan with
lust.  Goddess how she loved to be treated like a sex toy.  Ken smiled too -
Gary knew exactly what Jane wanted.
     
      	They began to discuss the arrangements to get the furniture to the
house.  It was obvious that the stuff wouldn't fit in Jane's car.  Gary offered
to deliver it himself, tomorrow and free of charge, but Ken insisted on paying
the man for his time.  He got an estimate of when the other pieces would be
done, paid for what he'd bought, plus a deposit for the special order items and
they left.
     
      	Ken could feel the man's bemusement as they headed for the car.  The
frame that Jane had been in was, indeed, very slightly bent.  How the hell had
that happened?
     
      End Chapter 26




Avatar
Chapter 27

      	Jane and Ken had to stop at the dealership to grab his car on the way
back to the estate.  Once they'd parked in the garage and pulled the new toys
out of Jane's car, Ken began to feel thick tendrils of lust coming from the pool
area;  Ari and Genie were playing.  Ken and Jane were greeted with a very nice
sight when they walked out on the porch.  While walking to the pool, Jane had
taken the opportunity to shed her clothes and Ken could still see the whip marks
on her body.  He liked the sight.
     
      	It appeared that someone had gotten into the toys upstairs because Ari
was tied to one of the lounges.  It was hot out there and her pale skin shone
with sweat.  She was in a slightly reclined position and bent almost double, her
legs spread wide and tied to the sides. There was a string going from each big
toe to clover clamps attached to her nipples.  Moving a toe would cause the
clamp to tighten and pull the swollen bud - and her toes couldn't help but move
since Genie had forced them back toward her shins.  If she relaxed her ankles at
all, the already tightly pulled clamps would get even tighter.   It was a losing
position for the girl because she wouldn't be able to keep her feet like that
for ever and her nipples were already being harshly pulled.  Ari loved it.  In
her mouth was a ring gag, keeping her open wide and between her legs was Genie. 
Currently she had her tongue deep in the girl's ass while one finger rubbed
Ari's swollen clit.
     
      	"Nice set up Genie," said Ken walking up to them.
     
      	"Thank you Sir.  I'm sorry if playing with your slave is against the
rules.  She um... sort of forced me into it."
     
      	"Oh?  Do tell," he said.  Jane knelt at his feet and he fed his hard
cock into her mouth.  Genie looked hungrily at the thick tube as it slid through
Jane's stretched lips.
     
      	"Well, I was just going to swim, but she was teasing my brains out -
telling me all the things she wanted me to do to her.  She even grabbed this bag
and brought it down stairs.  When she got to the part about how she'd like to
drink a cup of my pee while I fucked her ass with a strap on, I lost it."
     
      	"And so she ended up here, eh?  So where's the strap on?" he asked with
mild curiosity.
     
      	Genie colored and said, "I hadn't gotten to that part yet."
     
      	Ari was flooding his senses with lust.  She wanted his cock.  She wanted
his cum.  And she wanted the pee that she'd been promised.  Saliva was leaking
out of the gag since she was having a hard time swallowing.
     
      	"Well since you've prepared her so well, how about I provide that part -
just using the real thing instead."
     
      	Genie's eyes glowed.  He knew she was hoping to suck his cock after he
finished with Ari.  Ken went over to them and positioned himself at Ari's small
rosebud.  It was slick with Genie's spit and his cock was slick with Jane's, so
he was pretty well lubed.  He began pushing into her while Genie rubbed the
girl's red clit.  Ari groaned through the gag as her lower ring gave way and he
entered her with his cock.  Genie leaned over and stuck out her tongue, slippery
saliva sliding off it onto his cock providing more lubrication.
     
      	Slowly, Ken began to pump into Ari.  If it had been Jane he would have
been far more aggressive, but Ari, while she liked anal sex, wasn't the
masochist that Jane was.  She made little whimpering sounds as he slowly worked
her, stretching her out with each stroke.  Genie continued to rub her clit and
soon she was nearing an orgasm.  Ken had Genie back off so she couldn't cum. 
With all the stimulation, Ari's feet were relaxing which pulled on the nipple
clamps.   Her red buds were being tugged far from her chest and she was giving
sharp groans with each push of his cock.  Jane got into the action as well; she
stood by Ari's head and gingerly placed one foot on the arm rest on the opposite
side.
     
      	"Does our little slut want some piss?" she asked.
     
      	"Uh huh," said Ari, her stomach muscles clamping and releasing in time
with Ken's strokes.
     
      	"Ask nicely sweetie," said Jane.
     
      	Ari was going nuts.  Goddess, all it would take was Jane's fluids
splashing into her mouth and she'd cum like gangbusters!  Jane knew it and so
did Ken. 

"Please will you pee for me, please?" Ari pleaded.

Jane let loose.
     
      	Her aim wasn't the greatest and she coated most of Ari's face and chest. 
But a lot of the salty liquid sprayed past the ring gag to flood her mouth.  Ari
swallowed as best as she could, her asshole clenching hard with her orgasm.  Ken
also let loose, shooting a huge load of cum deep into her bowels.
     
      	A small stream of urine was running down Ari's body, dripping past her
sex.  Ken found the sight to be a surprising turn on.  Genie's mouth was right
there as he pulled out of the teen's ass, sucking and licking his cock with
abandon.  She was close too, he knew and since she hadn't really gotten soft, he
had her get on her hands and knees between Ari's legs.  She began licking the
other girl's stretched hole, sliding her tongue deep to get Ken's cum.  The
brackish taste of Jane's urine only increased her arousal - much to her
surprise.  Ken could feel her lust soar as she tongue fucked Ari while he slid
his cock into her asshole.
     
      	Genie wasn't as well prepared, but she was also more stretched than Ari. 
Ken's cock split her wide though and she groaned with pain.  Pleasure too,
flooded her body as she licked and sucked the cunt and asshole in front of her. 
Jane moved beside Genie, tugging on her small brown nipples and rubbing her
soaked cunt while Ken sawed in and out of her ass.  It wasn't long before she
came, her ass clamping down on Ken's thick rod, pulsing in time with her waves
of pleasure.  Ken pulled out without cuming in her and Genie spun around to take
him into her mouth.  She and Jane jacked him off onto Genie's tongue after she'd
licked and sucked his cock.  Genie got up off her knees and stood over Ari's
helpless mouth, slowly drooling Ken's cum into it.
     
      	"Swallow little minx," said Genie.  Ari complied but tried to turn her
head away when Genie went to kiss her.
     
      	"No, no, no," chided Genie, "if I can get used to the taste of piss, you
can get used to this."  It wasn't like Genie's mouth had anything really nasty
on it, but Ari knew where that tongue had been.  She groaned with lust as it
speared into her mouth, all thoughts of resistance gone.  They teased the teen
close to another orgasm, then she watched as Genie filled a tumbler from her
bladder.
     
      	"You wanted this from a cup, right?" she asked.
     
      	Ari nodded her agreement, sticking her tongue out from the ring.  Genie
slowly straddled the teen while Ken rubbed Genie's sex from behind.  It was an
awkward position, but Genie managed it.  Her hips jerked when Ken rubbed fingers
over her sensitive clit, and she moaned.  Ari moaned too, since Jane was between
her legs gently sucking her clit and sliding her long fingers into the teen's
slick pussy.  Genie slowly poured the cup of warm liquid into Ari's mouth.  Ari
eagerly gulped at it, but some still spilled and trailed down her body where it
was met by Jane's tongue.  Ari was very close and finally went over the edge
when the last of the cup was emptied. 

	While they rinsed off in the outside shower by the pool, Ken turned to
Genie and said, "Didn't you mention that you were using my slave with out
permission?"
     
      	"Yes Sir," said Genie.   The woman was still horny, which was a bit of a
surprise.  Well, he thought, let's see how far we can push her.
     
      	"Jane, why don't you get the stocks and the new flogger?"
     
      	"Should I be worried?" asked Genie.
     
      	"Yes."
     
      Rather than replying,  Genie just grabbed a thin cushion, picked a spot
out of the sun and knelt on it.  Somehow, she didn't seem all that worried.
     
      	Ari too was still very aroused, so Ken retrieved a thick towel from
inside and set that down.  He gave Jane some instructions and she went into the
house while he placed Genie on her hands and knees and put her in the stocks. 
She groaned, feeling the metal close on her skin.  She groaned even louder when
Jane returned a minute later having retrieved a pile of rope and a small bag. 
She proceeded to use the rope on Ari while Ken took very large butt plug and
lubed it.
     
      	The plug slid into Genie's asshole without too much trouble, since it
wasn't as wide as Ken.  Until he started to pump it up, that is.  Genie groaned
as her insides were stretched by the plug, which grew in length and width with
every pump.  It was simple for Ken to judge how big to let it get - Genie's body
and mind told him.  He disconnected the pump, removing any possibility of relief
until it was reconnected.
     
      	Meanwhile, Ari's arms had been folded behind her back and her upper
torso bound in tight coils of rope.  The girl was almost helpless with lust -
nothing turned her on more than very strict bondage.  Except perhaps water
sports.  Jane tightly bound her upper body, then had her sit cross legged while
she bound her ankles together.  Finally, she was folded in half as another rope
went from the one binding her ankles over her shoulders to the rope holding her
wrists, then back over the other shoulder to the ankles where it was secured. 
Her forehead was touching her ankles, leaving Ken amazed at how flexible she
was.
     
      	Pure lust poured out of the two women spiking sharply as Jane reached
through and attached alligator clamps to Ari's already sensitive nipples while
Ken began introducing Genie to his new flogger.
     
      	Jane rolled Ari onto her back where Ari discovered the other woman now
had complete access to her cunt and asshole.  Jane took advantage of it too, and
for most of the next hour, Jane licked Ari's cunt and asshole while Ken
alternated whipping the women.  Jane would move out of the way so Ken could get
Ari's ass.  She would feel the sting of the whip on her own ass when she lay
down to lick and tease Ari.
     
      	Genie, her guts cramping slightly from the large intruder, received
enough attention from the whip to make her ass very, very red.  She climaxed
three more times though - twice from the kiss of the flogger between her legs. 
Eventually Ari's bladder let loose because of the strained position and the fact
that Jane was teasing the crap out of her, licking her in just the right place
to make Ari felt like she needed to pee.  After drinking down a mouthful, Jane
spread the red pussy lips and angled the jetting stream so that it fell on Ari's
body.  The girl climaxed from that.
     
      	Ken had to carry Genie upstairs to the shower - she was too exhausted to
walk.  He was surprised at how light she was.  Ari rinsed off at the pool shower
with Jane, then they gathered up the ropes and the towels to put them in the
washer.  Despite having been bound in a far stricter position than Genie, Ari
was feeling pretty good.  Apparently being part of the Circle significantly
increased her stamina. 
     
      	They joined Ken in the master bathroom as he gently washed and massaged
Genie.  Ari too received loving attention from Jane and Ken while Genie sat on
one of the seats in the shower and enjoyed warm water pouring over her.
     
       	"Damn," said Ken, "we need a cook.  I'm starved and somehow I doubt that
delivery will arrive before I starve to death."
      
       	They all agreed.  Of course, it was Ken who left the shower and went
downstairs to make some sandwiches while the women dried off and dressed.
      
       	At least, Ken thought they were getting dressed, but when Ari arrived
downstairs to help him carry up the food, she was still naked.  So were Genie
and Jane when they got to the bedroom.  Ken called out for a couple of pizzas
while they devoured the sandwiches.  Genie was fast asleep when the food got
there, but the other three of them made short work of the two pies.
     
      	"It's interesting," said Jane, "that I'm eating more than I ever have,
I've gained over ten pounds but all my clothes are loose - except for my bras."
     
      	"Hey," said Ari, "don't complain.  You're looking great.  Better than
great, in fact.  Besides," she giggled, "you never wear a bra anymore."
     
      	Ken realized that Jane didn't know what she'd done to the frame at the
store. He was about to say something when another voice joined them.
     
      	"It is one of the advantages of being of my Circle," said Lea.  Ken
found it absolutely astonishing that the Goddess didn't look at all out of place
in a modern kitchen. 
     
      	They all rose and greeted her, kisses were shared all around.  Having
Lea near them gave Ken a sense of peace and fulfillment that he'd never
experienced before. 
     
      	"So," said Ken continuing the interrupted line of thought, "you're
saying that in addition to the disease resistance and general good health and
other things, we're also very strong?"
     
      	Lea smiled gently, "Kenneth, you are not supermen.  But you are, or will
become, stronger than the average person.  It is part of my gift to my Circle as
the collecting and sharing of sexual energy is your gift to me."
     
      	He started to ask her about what had happened with Sally today but she
gave a slight shake of her head, indicating he should wait.  They spend time
just talking and, in Ari's case, cuddling, with their Goddess.  It hurt Ken's
brain a little to think of someone cuddling with a Goddess, but Ari looked so
good curled up with her head on Lea's lap.  Finally, Ari announced that she was
joining Genie upstairs.  She had an exam tomorrow and wanted to get some sleep.
     
      	Once she left, Lea turned back to Ken and Jane.  "You were in danger
today," she said.  "The darkness, the shadow in Sally could have attacked you
both and, perhaps, over come you."
     
      	"What was it?" asked Ken.
     
      	Her answer seemed to have nothing to do with Ken's question.  "Jed was a
pawn, but one with great potential.  If left to his own devices, he could have
made discoveries that would have caused the Jealous God's hold to loosen on some
of His followers.  That could not be allowed to happen. 
     
      	"Sally is a different story.  She would have brought joy and love to
many people.  She and Eric love each other intensely, more than they love the
God under whom they were married, despite the vows they took.  In spirit, they
were always more dedicated to me than their God.  This was the God's revenge:
that they would find solace only in Him.  The shadow would have forced her to
spend a great amount of time with her church.  There would have been little or
no joy in the sexual union between Eric and her, but they would have been driven
to have more children.  Physically, she would have become unattractive to Eric
and herself.  In short, their only joy would have been found in the church."
     
      	She looked serious as she continued.  "You have not stopped that.  Only
delayed it.  Tomorrow you must bring them to the Circle.  There, we will remove
the shadow.  She will be free to choose at that time: join us as my priestess,
or return to her old life.  I will not force her to stay and Eric will follow
the path of his beloved.  If she joins me, then she will have some measure of
protection."
     
      	"What about Eric and their daughter?" asked Jane.
     
      	"If Eric joins us he will be protected as well.  Their daughter will be
free to choose, as are all children," replied Lea.
     
      	"If you can protect her, then why were we in danger?" asked Ken.
     
      	"Because, with no knowledge of how to shield yourself, you attacked the
shadow.  I cannot protect you when you attack like that," admonished Lea.
     
      	Ken was silent for a moment, thinking.  "You said I was supposed to be a
protector."
     
      	"Of my people.  You are not supposed to be shielding someone from the
actions of their own God.  That is tantamount to recruitment - which is
something I do not condone."
     
      	"I'm sorry," said Ken.
     
      	"Kenneth," said Lea, sliding into his arms, "we learn by doing. 
Tomorrow night, you will learn more.  Ensure you have a lot of energy for the
Circle."  A pause, "I see that you already have a good start."
     
      	With that she kissed them and disappeared.  Ken and Jane went up and
slid into the bed.
     
      	Ken awoke when Genie slid out of bed to go to work.  He knew that
eventually she would be part of the Circle and not have to work.  She didn't
know that, and he found it interesting that she showed no sign of being
uncomfortable with his new found wealth.  He debated, briefly, going in to work
to hand in his resignation, but decided that the email method would work just
fine.
     
      	They made love in the shower, where they were joined with Ari.  Genie
was still marked up a bit from last night, and she was still a bit sore.  He
took care of the soreness, but knew she liked the marks.  Something about having
whip marks under her clothing while she was at work really excited her.  Of
course, she almost ended up late for work, but managed to get out the door.  Ken
told her to look for any interesting explosions at work.  When he went back into
the bedroom, he found Ari licking Jane to consciousness.  He smiled and went
downstairs to make some breakfast.  Yes, a cook would be nice, he thought.
     
      	As Ari was leaving for the day, he mentioned that before she got home,
she should see if she could find Karen and spend a little quality time with her. 
Ari's eyes glittered and she smiled a surprisingly shy, sensuous smile.  He also
said they'd be having guests for dinner and that tonight was going to be
important. 
     
      	"Oh?" she asked.  "What's going on?"
     
      	Ken gave her a short rundown of what had occurred with Sally and what
was going to happen tonight.  Ari was immediately worried, but Ken reassured her
that Lea would be there and everything would be all right.  She accepted this at
face value, her faith in him allowing her to push her worries into the back of
her mind.  She left and Ken sat down at the computer to write out his
resignation email.  This was going to be fun.
     
      It was with immense satisfaction that he clicked the 'send' button.  One
copy to Helen, one to her boss, one to HR and a copy to himself.  Very happy, he
went to find Jane.
     
      	"I need to head into town," he said.  "Do you have anything you'll be
doing today?"
     
      	"Mistress said that we'd need a lot of energy, so I thought that maybe
I'd see if Sandy was free."
     
      	She had a glint in her eyes that told Ken she was getting a little
antsy.  Jane needed hard play on a rather frequent basis, and yesterday was a
reminder that she hadn't had any in a while.  He'd have to see to that - soon.
     
      	"OK.  I'll give Gary a call to see when they're coming by to deliver the
new toys.  One of us needs to be here."
     
      	"The bike shop is pretty close - give me a call when you know what's
up," she returned.
     
      They parted company, Ken looking at her M3 as he walked through the
garage.  Perhaps he should think about something a little sportier as well. 
He'd scanned the phone book the other day looking for Martial Arts studios.  It
was likely that what he was looking for wasn't in the book - but one never knew. 
He took down the address and off he went. 

	He was unsurprisingly disappointed after about the third place.  Two
were just belt factories and he wasn't interested in a belt - just redeveloping
his skills.  The third showed promise, but still didn't have the right feel.  It
was almost noon when he got to the fourth place.  It was close to what he
wanted, but not quite there.
     
      	"You know," said Mike, the sensei.   He was well built and no older than
Ken.  Ken liked the guy, and they practiced the style he was looking for, but
Ken had a feeling that this wasn't quite the place for him.  "My old sensei
still occasionally takes students.  He won't advertise and he only rarely
accepts a new student.  It's worth a try though, 'cuz he's first rate.  He run's
a one o'clock class.  I can call, if you'd like."
     
      	Ken looked at his watch - he had time.  They weren't delivering the toys
until three and Sally and Eric wouldn't be over until seven.  "I'd really
appreciate that, thanks."
     
      	Mike returned with directions and Ken thanked him and left.  He entered
the older Sensei's studio twenty minutes later and knew that this was the place
- if he could get accepted here.
     
      	A tall, well built, young guy was behind a small counter.  He introduced
himself as Chad.  Ken found his attitude somewhat arrogant, but knew that he
wasn't the sensei.
     
      	"I'd like to speak with Sensei Turcotte please." smiled Ken.
     
      	"He's about to teach a class and not available at the moment.  I'm sure
I can answer any questions you have," returned Chad.
     
      	"I'm sure you can, but I was speaking to one of his former students,
Mike, who suggested that I speak to the Sensei.  When will he be available?"
     
      	Chad began to puff himself up to insist on something when a soft voice
behind Ken him interrupted.
     
      	"Thank you Chad.  Please go warm up the class."
     
      	Ken was startled and spun very quickly to see a smiling man, slightly
under his own height who could have been anywhere from thirty to fifty years
old.  He held out his hand and smiled, "It is nice to meet you Mr. Whitestone."
     
      	This was the man that Ken was looking for and he knew it immediately. 
Still, the meeting was very odd because Ken was getting used to feeling the
people around him and, until he'd spoken, Ken hadn't felt the man there at all,
which was why he was so startled.  Now he could feel the other man's chi, but
nothing else.  No thoughts, no emotions, nothing. 
     
      	"Sensei Turcotte, it's a pleasure to meet you.  I spoke to one of your
students, as you heard, and I was wondering if you were accepting any new
students?"
     
      	"Have you ever practiced the arts before?" asked the man.
     
      	"A long time ago," said Ken.  "It's likely I'd have to start from the
beginning."
     
      	They discussed some of Ken's former training, and Ken gave the name of
his old sensei.
     
      	"Well," said the man, "I must go teach a class.  There is a beginner's
class tomorrow at ten am.  Be here at 9:30.  I will have a uniform waiting for
you."
     
      	He shook Ken's hand and left, leaving Ken somewhat bemused about what
had just happened.  He left and headed toward the house.  Jane was not back yet,
so he took the opportunity to rest by the pool.  He was nervous about tomorrow,
but managed to put the thoughts out of his mind.
     
      	He relaxed, reading yet another Heinlein book - how many had the guy
written? - that had appeared in the study.  Time passed quickly and it seemed
like only a few minutes before he felt someone at the estate gates.  The handset
rang, indicating someone wanted admittance.   Ken looked at the camera view and
saw Gary's smiling face.  He spoke through the intercom to welcome the man in. 
He directed Gary to the freight entrance - the mansion actually had a small
freight entrance for large furniture, caterers and the like - and met him there. 
When he opened the door, he found himself staring at a very beautiful, but
rather short, woman.
     
      	Gary strode up behind her and said, "Hi Ken, I'd like you to meet my
slave Annette."
     
      	Ken could feel that Annette was having the same problem that Jane had
had yesterday.  She was being faced with two strong Doms and couldn't get to her
knees fast enough.  Of course, she was really conflicted because they were here
on a professional call.  She was actually trembling.
     
      	Ken found the woman to be extremely attractive.  She had large breasts
for such a short woman, beautifully shiny, long black hair, blue eyes and a very
pretty face.  She also had a delicate gold nose ring through her septum.  Her
scent was strong and different, somehow.  She was aroused, that was for sure.
     
      	"Well," said Ken yanking his eyeballs and his focus back to Gary, "Let's
go up and I'll show you where to put the stuff."
     
      	Annette spoke not a word, but followed the two men up to the dungeon. 
Gary gave a low whistle when he saw the place.  The area was large - 60 feet by
40 feet and had a beautiful wooden floor.  Floor to ceiling windows were along
one side and the ceiling was a good 12 feet high.  Ken figured it was originally
a dance hall of some sort.
     
      	"I could do a lot with this place," said Gary.
     
      	"Really?  I'd love to hear your ideas."
     
      	"Let me help Annette carry up all the stuff, then, if you want, we can
set it up."
     
      	Ken offered to help, but Gary wouldn't hear of it, so Ken went
downstairs and got a pitcher of iced tea from the fridge and some glasses.  He
realized what an excellent job Ari had been doing with the house as he looked
around the kitchen.  There was plenty of food, no dirty dishes and even fresh
tea made.  As he thought about it, he realized that he hadn't even had to do
laundry - dirty clothes had been disappearing on a regular basis, the beds were
made, bathroom kept clean.  Hell, he thought, I should give her a raise.
     
      	It took a good 45 minutes to move all the stuff up stairs and Gary and
Annette were hot and sweaty when they were done.  Annette's sent was even
stronger now, the smell of sexual musk mixed with her natural scent.  It was
driving Ken nuts.  She knelt while they drank the tea - Ken and Gary just
sprawled on the floor.
     
      	"Well, I guess it's time to start setting this stuff up," said Gary. 
"It shouldn't take too long.  Do you mind if I make things a little more
comfortable?"
     
      	It was an odd request, but Ken could read what he had in mind and
smiled.  "Be my guest."
     
      	"Well, I thought that since you were so kind yesterday, loaning me the
use of your slave, I could at least improve the scenery in here a little bit."
     
      	Annette's breath caught as she realized they were talking about her. 
Ken nodded to Gary who looked at the woman and said, "Everything but the boots."
     
      	The woman stood and removed her top and sports bra, then shorts and
panties.  She had a little extra flesh around the tummy - especially compared to
the hyper fit women Ken was getting used to seeing - but she was by no means
fat.
     
      	"Position," snapped Gary.  Annette immediately stood with her legs
shoulder width apart and her hands behind her head.  Ken saw that she was
unshaven; thin, dark hair grew under her arms.  He found it quite erotic.  Her
pussy, in contrast, was quite naked of any hair.  Each large, dark nipple was
pierced and there was a small shield being held on by the ring.  In fact, the
entire setup was quite interesting.
     
      	Each nipple had a ring through it.  The nipple had been pulled through a
tube which was almost a half inch long.  At the base of each tube the shield, a
Celtic design made of wire, was attached.  He examined the workmanship and saw
that it was absolutely beautiful.  However, her nipples looked a bit reddish and
swollen, as did the areolas, almost as if they were irritated.
     
      	"You can't see the back of those, or the inside of the tubes, but the
metal is pretty rough.  It won't cut her, but over a few hours time, especially
with the sports bra constantly pushing them down, her nipples become very
sensitive."  Gary paused grinning, "My little pain slut really likes that, don't
you Annette?"
     
      	Annette was breathing hard and her pussy lips were gleaming with her
juice.  It was obvious to someone without Ken's gifts that she was very aroused.
     
      	"Yes Master."
     
      	"Who made those toys Annette?" asked Gary.
     
      	"I did Master," she replied.
     
      	"Who designed them?"
     
      	"I did Master."
           	Ken continued his viewing of her body, noting the beautiful bar
through her clit hood, which was a nice vertical piercing.  The piercings
through her pussy lips were also very interesting.  There were three studs that
pushed through each outer labia, and an additional three small rings holding the
inner labia together.  Gary roughly pulled her outer labia apart to show Ken the
inner piercings, causing Annette to groan.  Ken could feel that she was
embarrassed by being displayed this way, but very aroused as well.  Being opened
like this made it impossible for her to hide the thick oils she was producing. 
Gary wet a finger and absently rubbed it over her mouth.  He also showed Ken the
underside of the bar through her hood, pointing out that it was slightly cupped
and had smooth bumps on it.  He noted that making her wear this particular bar
made her very excited since it was a constant low level stimulation.

            "Put your arms down and go start to unpack the furniture," he said. 
The woman quickly complied and began unwrapping the soft clothes that the cross
and the bench had been wrapped in. Ken's eyes appreciatively followed her nude
form as she went to work.
     
     	"She's absolutely beautiful," said Ken.
    
     	"Yes she is," replied Gary proudly.  "Talented too - although I have to
admit that I've never had a blow job like the one your slave gave me yesterday."
    
     	Ari chose that moment to zip around the corner.  She could feel that Ken
was in the house and more or less where he was, and could feel the large pool of
lust in this room.  Her day, Ken saw, had been great.  She'd breezed through her
test and spent an hour with Karen introducing her to the joys of water-sports. 
Karen had really enjoyed herself.  Ken got hard from some of the memories that
Ari had of the encounter - not that it would have taken much at that point.
    
     	Ari bounded into the room without giving a thought to the fact that she
was completely naked.  She came to an abrupt halt as Ken and Gary turned to look
at her.  There was another woman in the room who was naked as well.  Ari was
immediately embarrassed about her state of undress, flushing red.
    
     	"Uh, Hi?" she said.
    
     	Ken and Gary smiled at her.
    
     	"Uh oh..."
    
 End Chapter 27




Avatar
Chapter 28

      	"I'll just go and..." began Ari.
     
      	"Nonsense," grinned Ken.  He knew that she got off being displayed. 
"Gary, I'd like to introduce Arianwen."
     
      	"Very nice to meet you," said Gary, who was obviously enjoying the view
the lithe teen was presenting.  Her nipples were hard buds and her long, flame
colored hair spilled over her body.  Her pussy was slightly swollen and Ken
could smell the sex on her.  He didn't know if Gary could or not.
     
      	He was about to call her his slave and realized that he didn't know
exactly what to say.  This was quickly followed by the realization that if he
introduced her as anything other than one of his slaves, she'd be upset.  Ari
considered herself his slave, even though it appeared that Jane was doing most
of her training.
     
      	"Ari is my other slave," said Ken by way of introduction.  "Ari, come
here dear."
     
      	Her breathing deepened as she walked forward.  Ken's tone of voice when
he called her his slave caused her pussy to spasm with lust.  Being casually
displayed to two people she didn't even know also caused her arousal to shoot
up.
     
      	Ken put his hand behind her neck and gently massaged it.  "Ari, Gary and
his slave Annette are helping us set up the new dungeon."
     
      	"Um... Oh.  Nice to meet you, Gary," Ari replied.  Her voice was
somewhat shaky.
     
      	"Ari," said Ken to Gary, "is a wonderful slave.  She's a bit new to it
though.  Since I didn't ask, how do you prefer to be addressed?  Master?  Sir?"
     
      	"Well," said Gary still not taking his eyes off the girl, "When there's
more than one dominant in the room, I usually prefer Master Gary."  He was
beginning to wonder how old this girl was.  If she was legal, he'd eat a whip. 
She looked about fifteen, but didn't act that young.
     
      	"Ari, why don't you go see if Annette needs any help?"  In point of
fact, Annette had already set up the St. Andrew's cross and the horse.  She had
just started to put together a nice whip rack that Gary was throwing in for free
when Ari arrived.
     
      	Ken could feel a rise in Annette's lust as she watched the teen
approach.  She was exactly the kind of woman Annette liked to be paired with for
play.  Slim and pale, such women contrasted her own lush, dark beauty perfectly. 
Some of her best orgasms had been when she was tied on her back, eating the
pussy of a girl who looked liked Ari, while a whip was liberally applied to both
of them.
     
      	Ken smiled as he followed the woman's thoughts.  Ari, already sensitized
from her earlier encounter with Karen, was definitely interested in the exotic
Italian.  Even more interestingly, when Annette raised her hand in greeting and
Ari caught sight of the dark hair under her arms, she was transfixed by the
sight.  It stirred a different, rather primal lust in her.  Something to keep in
mind, thought Ken.
     
      	He and Gary largely ignored the two women for the next half hour or so
while Gary waxed eloquently about all the things he could do with a place like
this.  Ken loved some of his ideas, and said that he'd have a contract drawn up
for Gary to help put together the dungeon.  He also told Gary that he was
interested in metal work and was surprised to learn that Gary also made swords
and knives.  That interested Ken a great deal since he really like edged
weapons.
     
      	Ignoring the women might have been a mistake.  Ken of course, felt it
when it started, but he was used to the way the minx worked.  Gary was
astonished to turn and find Ari riding his sub's face while licking and sucking
Annette's drooling pussy.  Annette never acted like that - not without his
permission, which she had not received.  Ken noted that he was only briefly
annoyed, but that embarrassment and disappointment ended up his primary
emotions.  Before he could say something to Annette though, Ken put a hand on
his arm.
     
      	"Gary," he said, "I know this is going to be hard to believe.  It's
really Ari's fault, not Annette's.  Don't blame your slave for something she
couldn't stop."
     
      	"Of course she could stop it," replied the man.  "She knows better than
to play with someone without my permission.  I'm really sorry, Ken.  I
thought..."
     
      	"Gary.  Please listen.  It really isn't her fault and I can prove it to
you."
     
      	"Huh?"
     
      	"You can, of course, punish your slave, but you shouldn't do it thinking
she failed you.  Plus, I should have known better than to let Ari near her. 
Ari's not completely trained and doesn't understand yet that, in a Master/slave
relationship, she needs to ask the Master's permission before seducing his
slave."
     
      	"Annette's very well trained.  She should have been able to resist
Arianwen," replied Gary.
     
      	"Could you?" asked Ken.
     
      	"What do you mean?"
     
      	"I'll make a bet with you.  I'll pay you double the cost of what you've
delivered here today if you can resist Arianwen for more than three minutes.  If
you fail, then I'd like you to just acknowledge - if only to me - that your
slave couldn't stop herself.  Also if you still want to punish Annette - and
even if you don't want to, then I'd like offer this play room to you Friday
night.  Of course, it would be fun if I and my slaves could join you two.  We
could make it a mini play party."
     
      	"You're on," smiled Gary.  No matter how good Jane had been, he was sure
that he'd be able to resist this girl who was obviously only a teenager.  Ken
hadn't said how old she was, just that she was in college, but no way she could
be over eighteen.  Of course, he had an advantage he hadn't mentioned to Ken;
he'd had sex with Annette just before they got here, so his need wouldn't be all
that urgent.
     
      	"Arianwen," said Ken sharply, "Please come over here."
     
      	She recognized the tone in his voice and quickly disentangled herself
from Annette, who lay there panting.  She hadn't cum, but the girl had gotten
her so very close.  Ken could feel the remorse coming from the woman as she
regained senses.  She was very upset that she'd failed her master.
     
      	"Annette, you too," said Gary.  Disappointment was plain in his voice. 
     
      	Both women came over and knelt. 
     
      	"Master Ken tells me that Annette couldn't help herself.  That you
seduced her," said Gary looking at Arianwen.
     
      	Ari quickly realized that she'd made a mistake.  She turned to Annette
and said, "I'm so sorry Annette.  I... you're just so beautiful I couldn't help
myself."
     
      	"No, it's my fault, really.  I know you said you were new to this and I
took advantage of you."
     
      	Ken and Gary just sighed.  "Ari," said Ken, "you have two minutes to get
Master Gary to put his cock into your mouth."
     
      	Arianwen just looked at Ken in surprise.  Clearly there was more going
on here than she thought.
     
      	"It's OK.  Feel free to let yourself go a bit."
     
      	"Yes Master," replied the girl.  She was still quite aroused from her
play with Annette and Master Gary was very attractive.  Ken followed her
thoughts as she looked at him.
     
      	And initially, that's all she did.  For about thirty seconds, she just
looked at him, then she got to her feet and stood in front of him.  Ken could
feel Gary trying to hold back, but when she ran one finger over his bicep, his
breath began to quicken.  He could smell her scent, strong and musky, and it
wasn't long before his cock was hard as steel.  She stood on tip toes and
lightly touched her lips to his.  Then she ran a finger over his lips.  He
almost groaned, assaulted by the smell from both Ari and his slave emanating
from Ari's finger tips.
     
      	When Ari went back to her knees and ran a finger over the bulge in his
shorts, he found all he could think of was getting his cock into the girl.  All
thoughts of her age, the bet, everything, were gone.  He wanted, needed to be
inside her.  So when she opened his pants and freed his shaft, he made no move
to stop her at all.  He couldn't remember when he'd wanted a woman more.   He
groaned and almost came as her lips closed over the head.
     
      	"One minute, forty-five seconds," said Ken.
     
      	Gary just looked at him blankly for a second, then let out a breath. 
"Holy shit," he said.
     
      	"I can taste your lover on your cock," said Ari, running her tongue
under the rigid helmet.  "May I finish?"
     
      	"You don't mind?" Gary asked Ken.
     
      	Ken smiled and said, "Nope."
     
      	Ari eagerly took Gary back in her mouth.  If he'd thought the blow-job
yesterday had been amazing, this one blew his mind.  He was pumping a huge load
into her mouth a very short time later, his knees almost buckling from the
intensity.  Ari looked at him and opened her mouth, showing that she hadn't
swallowed his load yet.  Then she nodded toward Annette, who was sitting there
with sweat dripping down her body and a small puddle of cunt juice between her
legs.  What she'd just witnessed had made her so hot she almost couldn't think
straight.
     
      	Gary understood and nodded.  Ari scooted over and kissed the other
woman, passing her Master's cum into her mouth.  Annette groaned and had a small
orgasm, then a bigger one when Ari fidgeted with the ring in her clit hood. 
Gary had sat down after putting his cock away followed by Ken also resting on
the floor.  They watched while Ari drove Annette to a third orgasm, then stopped
to let her recover.  Ari was pulsing with the need to have her own orgasm, but
knew that Ken wanted her to wait.  Gary found himself almost painfully hard
again.
     
      	"You win," he said after Ari backed off so Annette wouldn't pass out. 
"That was unbelievable."  He paused, looking at his slave who was bonelessly
panting on the floor.  "I should really make her control her orgasms - but I
love to watch her cum too much."
     
      	Ken agreed that she was very beautiful, then directed Ari to go
downstairs to bring up more tea.  She smiled at them and left.
     
      	"Do you have any explanation for that?" asked Gary as he helped Annette
to her feet.
     
      	"Yes," replied Ken.
     
      	Gary waited, then, realizing that Ken wasn't going to elaborate said,
"What time on Friday?"
     
      	"Well, you could come by for dinner at seven or so, and we could go from
there.  Sound good?"
     
      	"Oh yeah."
     
      	Gary showed Ken the toy rack that he'd thrown in for free, for which Ken
thanked him.  It was almost a work of art; the rich, dark wood beautifully
carved and finished.
     
      	Gary helped his still shaky slave get dressed and they drank more tea. 
Annette asked to use the bathroom and Ken pointed out where it was, while
looking at Ari and shaking his head.  Ari gave an exaggerated pout and went back
down stairs to begin putting together tonight's meal.
     
      	"What was that about?" asked Gary.
     
      	"Ari is into water sports - big time.  She would loved to have helped
out your slave."
     
      	"Hmm," said Gary, "that's not something that Annette has ever tried.  I
wonder how she'd take to it?  Of course, with Arianwen involved, she'd probably
love it.  You're not going to tell me how she did that, are you?"
     
      	"Not yet," Ken grinned.  "I don't think you'd believe me."
     
      	Annette returned and Gay looked at Ken.  "That's twice now I've enjoyed
the attentions of your slaves.  I was going to ask if you'd be interested in
playing with Annette for a while, but we've run out of time.  Perhaps Friday?"
     
      	Ken looked at Annette and saw she liked that idea a whole lot.  "I'll
look forward to it," he replied.
     
      	They all walked downstairs to the van.  Gary and Annette piled in and
drove off.  Ken could tell that they were both anticipating Friday night.
     
      	He walked into the kitchen where Ari was putting together dinner.
     
      	"How do you feel about children?" he asked.
     
      	"Why were you planning on getting someone pregnant?" she asked.
     
      	"No.  However, Eric and Sally have a daughter who's an infant.  When we
take them to the Circle tonight, I'll need you to hold the baby, if that's OK."
     
      	"Sure.  I don't mind kids," smiled Ari.  Ken was surprised that she felt
a little sad.
     
      	"What's wrong love?" he asked.
     
      	She sighed and said, "Nothing really.  It's just that I miss my sister. 
I get to talk to her, but it's not the same as seeing her everyday."
     
      	Ken sat on a stool and began chopping lettuce.
     
      	"My mother," Ari continued, "has totally gone off the deep end.  I don't
know what her problem is, but she's making Tina into a prisoner.  Practically
the only time she's allowed out of the house is to go to school.  And church, of
course.  Mom's going twice a week now and Tina's had more than enough of this
bullshit.  Mom's also talking about putting Tina in a religious school for girls
who think they wanna become nuns.  Tina's getting really scared."
     
      	"You can bring her here, you know," said Ken.
     
      	"My mom would have you thrown in jail for kidnapping."
     
      	"I'm sure Lenny'd find me a way out of that," replied Ken.  "Does she
beat your sister or anything like that?"
     
      	"She used to take the strap to us when we were little, but that was
years ago.  She doesn't do that any more so it's not like we can claim abuse."
     
      	They talked until Jane came home.  She was almost glowing with energy. 
"Sandy was very excitable today," was her explanation.
     
      	Everything was ready by the time Eric and Sally showed up.  Ken read
that Eric was bemused because Sally had returned to her old self literally
overnight.  When they got home last night, she'd put the baby down, stripped and
handed him a belt.
     
      	"Master, I'm sorry that I've been such complete, neglectful bitch. 
Please punish me."
     
      	Eric's Dom tendencies rushed to the fore and they'd had a very wild
night - when the baby wasn't awake that is.  It felt like things had never
changed between them at all.  Of course today, he'd been canned at work.  He
almost punched out Bob when the guy had offered his condolences.  He'd had every
intention of begging off this dinner, but Sally was so animated and happy, and
these last three months had been so bad, that he couldn't even make himself tell
her what had happened.  He had no idea what they were going to do.  No jobs that
provided a living wage had been produced by the administration, the economy was
tanked and thanks to off-shoring, even his engineering degree in electronics
didn't help.
     
      	Despite all this, dinner was a pleasant affair - for Eric and Sally
anyway.  Ken could see the shadow trying to get out of the barrier he'd placed
around it.  He got the impression that it wouldn't hold for more than another
day, so whatever they did would have to be done tonight.
     
      	They were all pleasantly full when he suggested they take a walk
outside.  It was a beautiful evening and perhaps, he suggested, they could have
coffee and dessert outside after the walk.  They agreed and Ken led them to the
Circle.  The sun had set and the stars were just starting to appear. 
     
      	Ken saw that Eric felt at peace and somewhat energized by the Garden. 
Sally however, was growing noticeably more agitate.  Ken wasn't surprised since
he could see that shadow in her mind slamming against the now rapidly weakening
barrier.
     
      	As soon as they were all in the Circle, the silver light of the ward
came up.   Ari, who had asked to hold Christine, was inside it as well.  Eric
and Sally looked around and Sally would have bolted if it wasn't for Eric.  Ari
realized that Sally wanted the child and handed her back.  Ken knew they didn't
have too much more time before the shadow escaped and he was growing worried. 
He'd thought his barrier would last for longer, but apparently not.
     
      	"Wow," said Eric nervously, "nice lighting you've got here.  How's it
done?"
     
      	"You're about to find that out," said Ken.  He was trying to hide his
own nervousness.  What was he supposed to do if that thing escaped?  Would it be
able to get through the wards of the Circle?  Would it attack Nemetodunum? 
     
      	"There are some things that you guys should know," temporized Ken.  What
could he say to them that they'd believe?
     
      	"I'll take it from here Kenneth," came Lea's voice.
     
      	Eric and Sally almost jumped out of their skin.  Where the hell had she
come from?  Eric was immediately affected by Lea's presence, which even Ken and
Jane were feeling strongly.  Sally, on the other hand, was now terrified,
folding herself into Eric's arms and clutching the baby to her breast.  The
scene would have looked ridiculous if viewed out of context.  Eric was huge and
towered over Lea, who appeared very delicate in contrast.
     
      	"Please be assured that no harm will come to you," said Lea.  Ken wasn't
so sure.  The shadow was now deforming and twisting the barrier he'd placed and
it wouldn't be long before it gave way.  "My name is Lea.  I would like to help
you both."
     
      	"Help us?  I don't understand," replied Eric.  The peace that had
descended on him in this space was rapidly evaporating.  Sally was frightened to
death and he had no idea why.  Interestingly enough, the baby was cooing and
gurgling in Lea's direction.
     
      	The scene changed around them and Sally actually started shaking.  Oddly
enough, if it hadn't been for her reactions, Eric would have felt completely at
home here.  Wherever here was.  The grass circle that had been in the garden was
still there - but now rather than the surrounding garden there were huge trees. 
The mansion was gone as well.  Christine continued to coo and laugh, which was
having a calming effect on Sally.  
     
      	"Sit, please," said Lea.  She sat in the grass, spreading her flowing
skirt around her legs.  Ken and Jane sat and Eric and Sally soon followed.
     
      	"You have a beautiful child," said Lea.  "When she grows up, she will be
tall and strong like her father, and loving and tolerant like her mother," said
Lea.
     
      	"Thank you," said Sally.  She wasn't feeling so good now.  The barrier
was getting thinner and thinner - soon the shadow would be loose again.
     
       	"Tell me," asked Lea, "How have you felt this last day?"
     
      	Some of Lea's calmness must have penetrated because the other woman's
voice was almost steady when she answered.  "Fine.  Good.  But I don't
understand any of this.  Where are we?  Who are you?"
     
      	"And," added Eric, "what is going on?  What did you mean by help us?"
     
      	"This will be difficult for you to accept, but we haven't very much
time," Lea replied.  "Let me tell you what is going on..."
     
      	She explained about the shadow that had been placed in Sally's mind. 
Why it was there, who had done it and what their future would be if it weren't
removed.  Sally didn't want to believe, but Eric knew that Lea spoke the truth. 
He didn't know how he knew, but he knew. 
     
      	"Honey," he said gently, "think about what things have been like since
Christine was born."
     
      	"C'mon Eric," replied his wife.  "This is nuts!  How could all this be
true?"
     
      	"Look around you," said Lea.  "Do you doubt your senses?"
     
      	"This could be a trick," said Sally.
     
      	"But what would I gain?"  asked Lea.  "If I have the power to 'trick'
you like this, then why would I bother?

      	"Sally, I will not remove the shadow from you without your permission. 
If you wish, I will do nothing and you will leave Nemetodunum to live out your
life.  But let me show you what that life will be like."
     
      	Visions appeared in her and her husband's minds.  Ken was able to follow
them and they were chilling.  Held together only by the church, their love would
die, their only solace would be their religion.  Sally and Eric would stay
together, held by their marriage vow, rather than the love it was originally
based on.  Their faith would strengthen, but their lives would be loveless and
controlled by dogged belief in the church.  Christine, would either be estranged
from them early in life and leave as soon as she could, or stay out of loyalty
to them, her own live bereft of love and joy.
     
      	The vision lifted.  Both Sally and Eric had tears running down their
faces.
     
      	"I know it is hard to believe," said Lea, "but if I have the power to
make you see what I have shown you, then I have the power to take the shadow no
matter what your wishes.  I won't do that.  Time is growing short and you must
choose:
      	"Leave here and continue on the path that you've been shown.
      	"Let me remove the shadow and try to return to your old life.  It is
possible that you will escape retribution.  Or..."
     
      	Here She paused and looked at Ken.  He could tell She wasn't happy. 
She'd rather people came to Her, or were brought in by Her followers rather than
be faced with what seemed like no choice.
     
      	"Or," she continued, "you can dedicate to Me.  Through my Avatar.  You
can become one of the Circle.  But you must choose."
     
      	"What is this circle that you're talking about?" asked Sally.  Ken
looked at Lea who nodded back at him.  OK, the ball was in his court.  He tried
to explain, in simple terms what the Circle was, that he, Jane and Arianwen were
followers of Lea and dedicated to her way.  It was tough to shoe-horn the
pertinent information into a short time, but a half hour later, they were out of
time.
     
      	"I'm sorry," said Lea, "you must choose now.  The shadow is almost free
and you must be away from here before it is released."
     
      	"You can protect me if I agree to serve you?" asked Sally.
     
      	"Yes.  But remember, that is not your only choice.  It was only the
unexpected actions of my Avatar that placed you in this position at all.  I am
sorry for that, but I cannot change it."

      	Ken followed Sally's thoughts as she remembered the last five months and
how bad they'd been.  It was true that the only solace she'd had was in the
church, but everything else had been horrible.  She didn't want to live like
that again.  She couldn't risk herself and her family that way and she could
feel this woman had power.  Sally didn't understand it, but she did knew it was
real.  So was the shadow that, even now, she could begin to feel again. 
     
      	"Yes.  Do it.  I'll serve you - what ever it takes, but I don't want to
go back to that."
     
     	"Hand Christine to Arianwen," said Lea, "and we will begin.
     
      	"Wait," said Eric as they stood, "what are you going to do?"
     
      	Jane took his arm in her hand.  It barely fit half way around the tall
man's bicep.
     
      	"Eric, I promise, nothing bad will happen to Sally.  We'll keep her
safe."
     
      	The appearance of a low altar made of pure white stone streaked with
copper and green didn't make him feel better.  In fact, it made him think of
sacrifices.  Eric turned toward Arianwen to get the baby.
     
      	"Eric," said Lea, "leave the baby with Arianwen.  We need you here."
     
      	They got Sally arranged on the altar.  To her surprise it was warm and
comfortable, although how stone could be comfortable was beyond her.  At this
point, the entire situation was beyond her.
     
      	"Take her hand Eric.  Think of your love for her and your child.  Smile
and be at peace."  Then she turned to Ken and said, "Now you must remove the
barrier and destroy the shadow."
     
      	"Me?" asked Ken.  "I thought that was why you were here.  I don't..."
     
      	"I will guide you," cut in Lea's soft, but firm, voice.  "You will do as
I direct.  In the future, you will not meddle in a situation like this without
thinking it through."
     
      	Ken just nodded and looked at Sally.  The shadow was almost free.  Time
slowed as he heard whispers in his mind.  Directions, words and thoughts that
were not his own flooded it.  Then he entered the space in his mind where
everything was perfectly clear, where he was focused on everything and nothing. 
He'd been here many times before, but only when physical action was required. 
Now, it was the power of his mind he must use.
     
      	The shadow didn't give up easily.  Tendrils had oozed back into Sally's
mind and were taking hold again.  Her expression changed to one of pain and she
grasped one of her husbands huge paws in both her hands.   Ken expended a lot of
time, from his point of view, hunting down all the tendrils.  It was like they
had little barbs that hooked into her mind and he had to coat the things with
his own power to avoid damaging the woman.  Lea guided him until finally, he
lifted the shadow from Sally.
     
      	It hovered over the woman, encased in white light.  The darkness
struggled, straining toward Sally, slamming against the new barrier.  Each
strike caused Ken a bit of nausea while sapping his strength.  It wasn't like it
had intelligence, only purpose and it would not be denied.
     
      	Lea's whispers guided Ken's next actions.  "Fill it with our power, with
our way.  Fill it with the strength of our Circle," She said.
     
     	Rather than containing it, now Ken began pushing inward toward it. 
Everything was slippery, and almost like holding a soap bubble or a water
balloon made from very thin rubber.  He tried to crush the shadow, but that
didn't work.  Lea whispered something else and he changed his tactics.  Small
filaments of light began penetrating the blackness.  Once there was a crack,
more and more light entered the dark.  But he didn't have enough power to
completely overwhelm it.  A touch on his arm and more flooded into him.  He felt
Jane's mental strength, the rigid focus she applied as a sub joined his own
efforts.  In the back of his mind a thought surfaced:  anyone who thought a
submissive was a weak person was an idiot.
     
      	Her energy joined with his and together, they lanced the darkness with
their light, finally completely dissipating it.
     
      	He dropped to his knees, sweat pouring off his body, too weak to stand. 
To everyone else, Ken knew, it happened very quickly; Sally had winced once when
the shadow was pulled from her and that was that.
     
      	To Ken, the battle, and he knew that's what it had been, had gone on for
hours.  He was parched and shaking from the effort.  Jane was in somewhat better
shape, but she too had sat heavily on the ground, the grace that seemed so much
a part of her, gone.  
     
      	He watched as Lea bent over Sally and smiled at her.  Sally smiled back
and Ken felt a surge of power as, just like that, Sally became a part of the
Circle, a new Priestess of Lea.  Eric gazed at them in wonder.  He said
something Ken couldn't hear and Lea smiled and gently shook her head.  Eric
looked disappointed, then nodded.
     
      	Then they were back in the Garden, the Circle ward gone.  Sally and Eric
were standing and Ari was approaching them holding out the baby.  No one really
understood yet the toll that removing the shadow had taken on Ken.   To them, it
had happened very quickly.
     
    	Arianwen, however, noticed in short order that Ken was exhausted.
   
    	"Ken are you OK?" she asked.
   
    	"Yeah.  Just a bit tired and pretty thirsty.  Could you grab me
something to drink?"
   
      	"Yes sir," she said and hurried off.
     
      	Jane sat down and put her hand on Ken.  He felt that he could draw on
some of the energy she had left, that was, in fact what she intended, but he
didn't want to do that.
     
      	"Please Master," she said, "I know that you're exhausted."
     
      	"Na, I'll be alright," he said.
     
      	"Ken," said Eric and Sally as they knelt by his side, "Are you OK?"
     
      	"Yup," he replied.  "Just a bit tired."
     
      	He looked at them and could feel that Eric was absorbing the peace of
the Garden.  Sally was as well, now that the shadow was gone.  The baby was
asleep.
     
      	"So," said Sally, "I understand from Lea that you are my High Priest."
     
      	"I ... guess so," replied Ken.  He was too tired to probe the woman at
all, but could sense the beginnings of sexual desire in her, which after her
ordeal, he found somewhat odd.
     
      	Arianwen came almost running back with a covered pitcher of water ad
some glasses.  She's also grabbed some food that had been left over from dinner. 
Ken drank two glasses of water, then tore into some left over roast. 
Eventually, Eric helped him into the study while Jane and Ari left to get
dessert for everyone.
     
      	"I'm sorry Sally," said Ken as he rested in the leather lounge with his
eyes closed.
     
      	"Don't be," she replied firmly.  "Lea showed me what our lives would
have been like if you hadn't intervened.  I was always very religious, I
thought, and I have no idea why something like that would have been done to me. 
I mean, so I love my husband and child.  So what?"
     
      	"Sally," said Eric, "We didn't exactly live our lives in a religious
manner, you know."
     
      	"What, because we were tolerant?  Because we love each other so much?"
     
      	"What do you mean?" asked Ken as Ari and Jane arrived with ice cream,
some cake and coffee.
     
      	As they ate, Sally and Eric gave the other three a little more insight
into their lives.
     
      	"Sally," he began, "does a lot of charity work."
     
      	"So?" said Ken, "I thought that's what the church is all about."
     
      	"Some of it," replied Eric wryly, "wasn't exactly approved by the
church.  Donating time to pro-choice advocates, cooking at 'Rainbow' events and
writing nasty letters to senators who tried to enact various laws in the name of
'Morality' are among some of her more notable actions."  He paused for a moment,
then said, "I wonder why your doctor chose to do this to you?"
     
      	Sally snorted, "I can guess."  All eyes turned to her and she blushed. 
"Eric and I like to... um have a ...well a.."  she stopped, too embarrassed to
continue.
     
      	"What she means to say," said Eric, his humor showing in his voice, "is
that she's my sex slave.  So naturally, we supported the kink community too. 
But how would your doctor know about that?"
     
      	"Well, we played pretty hard two nights before I had a checkup - before
we knew I was pregnant," Sally said.  She was still embarrassed, but continued. 
"I had a lot of ... um... marks when I went to see her.  It took me a half hour
to convince her I wasn't being abused.  She almost reported Eric to the police." 
She looked up at them and said, "I'm sorry if that's a little shocking to
you..."
     
      	She was cut off by Ken's chuckling.  Ari was hiding a smile behind one
hand and Jane wasn't even trying to hide her smile.
     
      	"Am I missing something here?" asked Sally.  Eric also looked very
bemused.
     
      	"Well," said Ken getting himself under control, "there's a lot you don't
know about us." 
     
      	He was about to launch into an explanation when the baby started
fussing.
     
      	"She's hungry," said Sally, "Let me go get the nursing blanket."
     
      	"The what?" asked Ken.
     
      	"It's a blanket that she covers herself with when she nurses," replied
Eric, "We've had people take offense."
     
      	"Well, no one here's going to be offended," said Jane.  "That's the most
ridiculous thing I've ever heard!"
     
      	"Look," said Ken, "It's late and I'm exhausted.  Why don't you stay here
tonight and in the morning we'll talk.  There's a lot we need to tell you."
     
      	"Oh, we can't," said Sally, "Eric has to get to the dealership in the
morning and..."
     
      	"Honey," said Eric, "Um..."
     
      	"Eric," cut in Ken.  "Tomorrow will be time enough for that, OK?"
     
      	"What?" asked Sally in confusion.
     
      Eric was baffled too.  He didn't know how Ken knew, but it was obvious
that he knew Eric no longer had a job.
     
      	"Ari, why don't you and Jane go upstairs and help Sally settle in a
room, OK?  Eric will be right up."
     
      	"Yes Master," replied Jane with a grin.
     
      	"Master?" Sally and Eric both looked at Ken. 
     
      	"Explanations tomorrow," he said firmly.
     
      	They started to walk out and Ken said, "Eric, I still feel a little out
of it.  Could you help me to my room?"
     
      	"Uh, sure," he said.  "I'll be right... actually, will one of you be
able to help me find where you're putting Sally and I?"  Even though he'd had
the tour, he wasn't sure he'd be able to find Sally on his own.   Ken knew that
Sally would eventually develop the feel of Nemetodunum that they all had.  His
feel of the mansion was apparently far more extensive than what Ari and Jane
could sense, but they always knew where to find anyone in the mansion proper. 
Sally would soon have that ability as well but Eric wasn't one of Lea's own yet
and so would have to do things the hard way.  Ken wondered why Eric wasn't
brought into the Circle tonight.
     
       	The women left and Eric made to help Ken out of his chair. 
      
       	"I'm fine," he said.  "I just wanted to talk to you for a minute. 
Please, sit down."
      
       	Eric sat and waited.
     
End Chapter 28     




Avatar
Chapter 29

      	"I'm sorry that I caused you and Sally so much upset," said Ken.  "I
didn't mean to, but I'm afraid that doesn't change the fact that I interfered
rather drastically in your lives."
     
      	"Ken," replied the big man, "don't sweat it.  With the way things were
going, and what Lea showed us?  No way we'd want to live like that.  I still
don't understand what's going on around here though."
     
      	"We'll go through that tomorrow - most likely over lunch since Jane and
I have somewhere to be tomorrow morning," said Ken.  "But before you go
upstairs, I want to let you know a few things.

      	"First, you, Sally and the baby are welcome to live here at the mansion. 
Sally's part of the Circle - a Priestess now, and you're her husband."  He
raised a hand as Eric started to protest, "I know about the job thing and I know
you'd like to go back to school.  If nothing else, I'd like to offer Sally a job
as the chef here.  We're starting to gather quite a crowd and I'm not that much
into cooking.  Perhaps she could also help Ari around the house.  The good thing
is that she'd be paid, of course, and there will be health benefits as part of
the package.  Also she wouldn't be separated from Christine."
     
      	"That's really generous of you," said Eric.  Ken could feel that he was
embarrassed at having to consider the offer from such a weak position.  "I'll
talk to Sally about it.  I know she misses cooking so she'll probably love it."
     
      	Ken leaned forward and said, "Eric, if you were to go back to school,
what would you like to study."
     
      	The man shifted and said, "I really don't know at this point.  I mean,
corporations are moving our whole tech base overseas because it's cheaper.  I
have a degree in electronics and robotics, but the only option I have right now
is to try and work for the defense industry.  And even they weren't hiring,
which is why I ended up in the car business.  Maybe I'll have better luck now."
     
      	"OK," said Ken, "but I asked what you'd like to learn in school.  What
is it that interests you a lot."
     
      	"Robotics, especially nano technology." Eric grinned and said, "And I
also like cars - a lot, especially muscle cars.  Maybe I could get a job as a
grease monkey."
     
      	Ken was silent for a moment then said, "Well, I'm for bed.  Feel free to
sleep in tomorrow.  There's plenty of food in the fridge which you should feel
free to eat.  You could spend the day lounging by the pool, if you wanted.  I
don't know who will be here when you get up.  Jane will be with me and Ari might
have finals tomorrow. "
     
      	"Yeah, I remember High school.  Bor-ing!"
     
      	Ken chucked and said, "I guess.  But she's not in high school, she's
finishing her first year at college.  Bio-tech or something like that."
     
      	Eric looked up in shock, "No way that itty, bitty, little thing is in
college!  She's like what, fourteen?"
     
      	Before Ken could reply Ari answered Eric as she walked in the door, "I'm
seventeen, thank you."  She was now dressed in shorts and a tank top and Ken
could sense she was interested in a little fun - which might mean trouble for
Eric.  "As for the itty bitty part..." she slid into the startled man's lap,
straddled it and said in an innocent voice, "Is there anything the big, strong
man, would like to teach this helpless little girl?"  She wiggled provocatively
and submissively placed her hands behind her back.  Eric, Dom that he was,
couldn't miss the implication of her position.  "I'm sure I could accommodate
you, Sir," she continued making it quite clear where she could accommodate him
with a wiggle of her slim hips.

      	Ken felt Eric's heart rate jump and knew the guy was hard as steel.  Ari
wiggled on his cock again, her soft, hot pussy pushing on it through her thin
shorts.
     
      	"Ari sweetheart, Eric has had a very difficult day," admonished Ken. 
"Don't tease him."
     
      	Eric had no idea what to do.  By her own admission she was underage and
he didn't want to get in trouble.  He wasn't sure what her place in this house
was and he couldn't afford to piss off Ken.
     
      	Pouting she replied, while still fixing Eric with her bright green eyes,
"Sir, you know I'm not teasing.  Sally is our sister now and sister's share."
     
      	Ken sighed, "Dear, they really don't know how things work here yet. 
Tomorrow will be soon enough, OK?"
     
      	"Yes Master," and with that she was off Eric's lap and kneeling on the
floor.  He was a very confused young man.
     
      	"How do things work here?" he asked, a bit dazed.
     
      	"Tomorrow," Ken said firmly as he rose.  "Ari, please show Eric where
Sally and the baby are.  Make sure he has the gate code."
     
      	"Yes Master," she said in a smoky voice.
     
      	"Ari," said Ken firmly, "stop teasing.  They've had a hard day."
     
      	Instantly Ari transformed from minx to little sister.  She stood and
took Eric's hand.  The man was really confused now.  "Your wife's waiting Eric,"
she said tugging on it.
     
      	Ken made his slow way up the stairs, finding that he was very tired. 
Jane had started up the hot tub for him and he gratefully climbed into it, but
not for too long since he almost fell asleep in the swirling, hot water.  He
soon made it to bed and lay there, almost too exhausted to sleep.  He could feel
the flow of lust and love coming from Sally and Eric.  They were making love and
his body soaked in the energy, giving him a peaceful feeling.  He murmured to
Jane that he'd like her to come to his lesson tomorrow and fell asleep.
     
      	Lea was waiting for him.
     
      	"Kenneth," she smiled and took him into her arms.  They kissed and he
felt energy and passion fill him.
     
      	"I'm sorry Lea, I won't do something like that again," he said.
     
      	"Of course you will," she replied, a large grin on her face.  "I was
concerned for your safety, but your instincts were correct.  Sally is one of
ours and she has come home."
     
      	"Why didn't she get a new name?" he asked.
     
      	"Because Ari needed one to divorce her from her old faith.  What we
called the shadow provided enough reason for Sally to renounce her old faith and
join us."  Lea paused and held his hand as they walked.  They were in a
beautiful forest, sunlight streaming through the tall trees.  "It's all really a
point of view you know," she said.
     
      	"What do you mean?"
     
      	"If one of the church's followers had been looking at what we did, had
they the power to see what was really happening, they would have seen a bright
light in Sally's mind.  What we saw as shadow, they would see as light.  Our
light would have seemed as evil darkness to them.  There few absolutes."
     
      	"But that 'bright light' would have destroyed their lives." protested
Ken.
     
      	"Not from the church's point of view.  The Jealous God requires the
total attention and dedication from His followers.  Some of them, anyway.  From
their point of view we are evil.  We steal their worshipers and pull attention
from their God.  He cannot abide that."
     
      	"They killed your followers!  Burned and tortured people!  That's not
evil?" said Ken.
     
      	"No," she replied firmly,  "not to them.  And you must remember that. 
They will never stop killing us and, as much as it pains me to say it, we must
be prepared to fight.  As I said, I will not allow my people to be slaughtered
again
.
      	"We are still not safe, even in this day and age.  Always remember that
we must protect our own.  And Kenneth, the Inquisition is still alive and well. 
They still exist and they will hunt and kill us, if they can.  They are not as
open as they were, but they are still powerful.  Build our faith well and we
will be able to withstand them this time."
     
      	The dream faded to the sound of the alarm.  Ken rolled over and wanted
more sleep, but he had the feeling that missing his first class would be a major
mistake.  No doubt, since he'd noticed that there were classes in the evening as
well, Sensei's request that he attend this class was a test of his resolve.  He
had no way of knowing if Ken worked, but most people did and no doubt Sensei
figured Ken did as well.  Was Ken interested enough to go to a class that he'd
have to leave work for?  Or would he show up in the evening with an excuse.  Ken
had little doubt what would happen if he showed up in the evening.
     
      	He woke Jane and got into the shower, nervous about the upcoming lesson. 
It was stupid, he told himself.  He knew he needed to get back into training,
especially after what he'd learned last night.  But he was afraid.
     
      	Jane sensed this and with ruthless purpose teased the hell out of him
until he gave in and lost his fear, for a time anyway, in the acceptance of her
body.  Ari smiled and kissed them as they went downstairs and she headed into
the shower.  Jane's ploy had worked, in the short run anyway.  Ken was quite a
bit more relaxed.  They ate, then she drove him in the M3 to the school.
     
      	Ken and Jan walked into the dojo.  Jane looked around curiously while
Ken headed toward the counter where, unfortunately, Chad was waiting with Ken's
uniform.  He was even more antagonistic than he'd been the other day.  Ken
smiled and ignored it, took the uniform and went to change.  When he came out,
Chad was over talking to Jane.  She was smiling and being polite, but it was
clear, to Ken anyway, that she didn't like him either.
     
      	Sensei Turcotte appeared and called everyone to class.  Ken bowed his
way onto the mat, his nerves becoming more frayed by the minute.  By the end of
the warm up, he still hadn't found his center and he'd caught Sensei watching
him quite sharply several times.  This wasn't good.  He wasn't making a good
showing.
     
      	When they began the first kata, Ken finally started to relax into
things.   His movements began to flow and it was obvious to the other students
that, whatever else he was, he was no white belt.  They split into groups and
Ken, of course, ended up with Chad and two other students.  He could feel Chad's
disapproval of him, but by this time it didn't phase him.  Ken found himself
with the two most advanced students in the beginner class and Chad cut him no
slack.   However, most of the techniques he was teaching, Ken already knew. 
Some techniques had been added since he last practiced and some movements had
been changed over the years to improve the technique.
     
      	During one relatively straight forward one, Chad used Ken to demonstrate
and landed a punch to Ken's floating rib.  Ken grunted as pain flared through
his side, but made no other sound or complaint.  He'd been hit harder.
     
      	Jane, however, flew to her feet as soon as she felt her Master's
discomfort.  She was on the sidelines in one of the few chairs there and wanted
to stride out onto the mat to kick Chad's balls through his teeth.  She
restrained herself - barely.
     
      	They continued to work through various holds, blocks and punches.  Ken
knew that Chad had spotted that he wasn't as much as a beginner as he'd thought
and made no effort to slow the pace of his teaching.  Nor did he spend the time
he should have showing Ken the basics of the moves - something he should have
done with a beginner.
     
      	Finally class was over and Ken knelt with everyone else.  His ribs hurt
a bit as did several other places where Chad had been less than restrained.  He
was still low on energy and didn't want to use what he had to heal himself. 
He'd been hurt worse.  He'd also known better than to try and nail Chad - even
though he'd had the opportunity.  Instead, all his punches held exactly the
correct amount of force that was required in a learning situation. 
     
      	They got in a line to bow and shake hands at the end of class.  Chad's
bow could hardly be called that, and when they shook hands the younger man tried
to crush Ken's in his own.  It was a childish thing to do, but that finally
annoyed Ken.  Ken closed his hand with a force that surprised the other man and
showed far more strength than it appeared he had.  Chad's eyes widened, but Ken
had already released him and moved on.
     
      	Sensei was last in line and he gave Ken a quick smile when they shook
hands.  After he had changed and was getting ready to leave, Sensei called him
over.
     
      	"Ken," he said, "thank you for coming.  And who is this beautiful
woman?"
     
      	"This is Jane..." he began, but she cut him off.
     
      	"Whitestone," she finished.  Ken blinked at her in surprise.
     
      	"Ah," replied Sensei, "Mrs. Whitestone, it is a pleasure.  My name is 
Scott Turcotte.  " He paused, " My students just call me Sensei, but you should
call me Scott."  He had a sharp twinkle in his eye.
     
      	Chad had overheard the conversation and turned away blushing.  Ken
faintly heard him wondering how he was supposed to know that she was his wife. 
She wasn't wearing a ring or anything.  Usually Sensei introduced Chad around as
an assistant instructor, but this time he hadn't.  Chad figured it was because
he'd fucked up and tried to pick up the guy's wife.  Ken wondered also, but he
couldn't catch a single thought from Sensei's head.  It was like the man simply
wasn't there and if his instincts weren't telling him Sensei Turcotte was a good
man, Ken would have been very nervous.
     
     	"Ken, you'll note our schedule.  Please feel free to attend any class we
have from Monday through Thursday.  Tomorrow, perhaps, would he a good day to
return."
    
     	"Sure.  I should be able to come by for the afternoon class," replied
Ken.  He was still very nervous, but wasn't letting it show.  Chad was very
annoyed, something Ken could feel from where he stood.  He could no longer feel
Chad's emotions very strongly and getting his thoughts took more effort than Ken
was willing to put forth.  Well, it wasn't like he'd been getting much from the
guy anyway.
    
     	"Good," replied Turcotte, "I'll expect to see you then."
    
     	Jane and Ken left and piled into her car.  His ribs, shoulder and left
leg were aching, and he was looking forward to getting into the hot tub, then
lounging by the pool.  He grinned.  Sometimes his life was so hard.
    
     	"What are you smiling about Master?" asked Jane.  She was annoyed by the
way that Chad had treated him and wondered why he hadn't given anything back. 
She was also annoyed at the clueless instructor who hadn't even noticed that
bullshit going on right under his nose.
    
     	"I'm smiling because I have such a hard life.  A beautiful woman, a hot
tub to relax in and a lot of money.  What's with the Mrs. Whitestone thing?  I
thought your last name was Deckman?"
    
     	"I'm sorry Master, but they just really pissed me off.  I wanted them to
think I was your wife."
    
     	Ken could tell that she actually was sorry, but that it gave her a
little thrill deep inside to claim his last name.  He looked at her and she
blushed, knowing that he was aware of her thoughts.
    
     	"He wasn't unaware of what was going on," said Ken.  "He knew exactly
what Chad was doing."
    
     	"Huh?"
    
     	"He knew what Chad was doing.  And I'm sure that Chad will discover that
the rest of his day is going to be very uncomfortable."
    
     	"I don't understand," said Jane.
    
     	"Look, there are politics in a studio just like there are anywhere else. 
Chad knows that he's privileged to work with Sensei.  The man's very, very good. 
I come waltzing in and I'm let in to classes immediately.  Plus, both of them
know I'm not a white belt, which is really pissing Chad off.  He feels I'm
dishonoring Sensei.  It doesn't help that, for some unknown reason, he really
dislikes me.  Sensei embarrassed the hell out of him by not introducing him to
you as his assistant.  I think it was Sensei's way of letting Chad know he
wasn't pleased.
    
     	"Wow," said Jane, "I couldn't get anything from Mr. Turcotte.  You could
read him?"
    
     	"Nope.  Not a thing, which is very, very interesting."
    
     	"You aren't worried?" asked Jane.
    
     	"No, I'm not.  I suppose I'll run it past Lea, but I'm not worried. 
Now, about this name thing..."
    
     	They continued to talk on the way back.  Jane knew they were bound
together more strongly than most husbands and wives, but she wanted his name. 
She wanted to know that he, Arianwen and her all shared the same name. 
    
     	Ken pulled out his cell phone and dialed a number.  "Hello Len?  Yeah,
it's Ken.  Listen, I was wondering if you could do me a favor..."
    
     	He asked Lenny to email him the paperwork needed to change Jane's name. 
Then he told him he needed other things set up as well,  various insurances,
health coverage, etc.  Lenny, ever the energetic one, said that he'd could have
the stuff couriered over that afternoon.  Ken thanked him and hung up.  Lenny
was a trip, that was for sure.  Way too much energy in that guy.
    
     	The arrived at Nemetodunum, Ken groaning as he got out of Jane's car.
    
     	"I'm for a soak and a swim," he said.  "Plus we have to have a talk with
Sally and Eric about their new situation."
    
     	Waves of low level sexual excitement were emanating from the pool area,
so that's where Ken was headed.  Ari, Eric, Sally and the baby were there.  When
he arrived he saw that Sally, at least was having no trouble easing into things
- if easing was the word.
    
     	She was naked, laying in a chair, her pale skin shining in the sun. 
Ari's was also still pale despite the time she'd spent in the sun.  Ken wondered
for a moment why she never burned, the realized that she was most likely using
some of her power to keep her skin safe.  At the moment, Ari was laying on her
stomach - between Sally's legs.  The baby was sleeping in a crib in the shade
and Eric was watching the two women with obvious enjoyment on his face.
    
     	Sally was squeezing her heavy breasts, milk shining on the dark, thick
tips while Ari languidly licked the woman's slick pussy.  A dark thatch of pubic
hair covered her mons, but like Ari, she shaved the lips, which were thick,
full, and currently swollen.  Sally gasped in pleasure when Ari nipped her inner
lip with her teeth, the sting of pain fueling her lust.
    
     	Sally looked at Jane and Ken as they walked up and tried to decide if
she should cover up.
    
     	"Don't bother Sally," said Eric in a tone of voice that all the women
recognized quite well.  "Now that I know you can't get pregnant - or get a
disease, I might like him to fuck you."
    
     	"Hmm," said Ken as Jane began to strip, "That sounds like a wonderful
plan."
    
     	"Yeah," said Eric sitting up.  Ken wondered what the hell had happened
to the somewhat reticent man since last night.  "She's always wanted to get a
cock in her ass and pussy at the same time.  Maybe now's the time to introduce
her to that."
    
     	Sally moaned and grabbed Ari's head, pulling it into her pussy.  Ken now
saw why Eric's demeanor had changed - he was in Dom mode and doing what he could
to arouse his sub even further.
    
     	"Don't you even think of cuming you slut," he voice oddly gentle despite
his words.
    
     	"Oh Goddess!  Master, you are so cruel!"  Her whole body twitched as Ari
did something Ken couldn't see.
    
     	"You cum, and I'll whip those tits hard enough to leave marks for a
week," replied Eric.
    
     	Ken saw that that would hardly be punishment for the woman.  She almost
came just from the thought.  It had been so long, months and months she she'd
been played with hard.  Ken could feel Jane's lust mounting as well.  She was
kneeling at his feet, one hand drifting between her legs.
    
     	"You could use my belt, if you need to Eric," said Ken.  "And I'm sure
there's a toy bag in the study.  In fact, I'll make a bet with you."
    
     	"Oh?  What'd ya have in mind?"
    
     	"I give Ari one minute to make Sally cum.  If she succeeds, then I get
to whip Sally's tits.  Let's see -" he scanned Sally's mind, "- ten per breast. 
If Ari can't make her cum, then I'll let you whip Jane's tit's - also ten per
side.  To sweeten the deal, you can use either a whip, crop or cane on her."

    	Eric's eyes widened.  He'd whipped Sally pretty hard, but he'd never
used a cane on her.  She didn't care but he didn't want to scar her.

    	"Fine," said Eric.  He looked at his watch, then said, "Go."

    	One minute later, Ari had, mysteriously, not been able to make Sally
cum.  The woman was on the razor's edge, sweating and moaning as she held out
against Ari, but she'd won.  Ken had his doubts.  He suspected that Ari had done
something on purpose, but he couldn't be perfectly sure with out probing her
mind, and he thought that would be rather unsporting.

    	"Congratulations," Ken said to Eric, "you won.  What would you like to
use?"

     	"Hm, could I see what toys you have?"
    
     	"Certainly.  Ari, please go get the toy bag from the study," said Ken.
    
     	Ari flashed a conspiratory grin at Jane and headed inside.  That gave
Ken some idea what had happened.  Sally, meanwhile, was still tweaking her
nipples and one hand was disappearing between her legs.  She was beautiful, Ken
thought.  Her body, while somewhat thin, was still softened from carrying the
baby, and her breasts were large and full.  He also knew they were especially
sensitive and she was very happy about that.
    
     	"Sally," commanded Eric, "Put your hands over your head.  You'll get to
cum when I let you, dear."
    
     	She groaned with frustration, but complied.  She felt odd.  This all
seemed so natural, but Ken and Jane were virtually strangers.  They didn't feel
like strangers though.  She felt a deep connection to them and even to the
mansion itself.  Ari had explained some things to her and Eric - like the fact
that she considered herself Ken's slave, and that Jane was also Ken's slave. 
She'd told Sally about the advantages of being a Priestess and Sally knew she
spoke the truth.
    
     	Ari returned and Ken and Eric looked through the bag.  Eric asked if he
could borrow a pair of leather cuffs and Ken nodded.  He took them and put them
on his wife, attaching them to the lounge as well so that she could no longer
reach her pussy or tits.
    
     	Then he selected a crop with a really thin head from the bag.  "This
looks like it'll do." he said.
    
    	"Excellent choice," replied Ken even though he knew that Eric really
wanted to use the cane.  Well, he'd get his chance on Friday night.  "Since
you've never played with Jane before, how about if I give her a few myself. 
Sort of calibration shots so that you know where to start?"
    
     	"Sure," replied Eric.  His cock was achingly hard.   There were three
women he really wanted to have sex with here, but after he cropped Jane, he
really wanted to double team his wife with Ken.  Ken liked that idea as well -
it was something he'd never done before.
    
     	"Jane, put your hands behind your head.  You may not make a sound, and
you may not move.  Doing either of those will earn you double punishment and
you'll get no orgasm tonight.  Do you understand?"
    
     	"Yes Master," she replied, her voice thick with lust.
    
     	"Her nipples are very sensitive, and so are the undersides of her
breasts," he said as he casually swatted her with the crop.  A dark red stain
immediately appeared across her breast, and the nipple he'd struck began to
swell.  He gave her four more and she winced, but never lowered her hands or
even moaned.
   
     	When he stepped away Eric looked in surprise at the welts he'd left. 
This was the lightest he could hit her?
    
     	Ken handed him the crop and said, "Have fun.  Those were a little
lighter than she likes, but should give you an idea where to start."
    
     	Eric stepped in and took a swing, then another.  Lust poured out of Jane
and the other women as they watched him.  Ken absorbed quite a lot of it and
even Eric was effected.  When he finished, Jane had neither moved nor made a
single sound, something which astonished Eric.
    
     	"Excellent my love," said Ken kissing her on the lips.  She was so
aroused she was swollen and dripping.  Sally was also incredibly aroused, her
own breasts aching with need.
    
     	Jane was left to kneel there, her arms still above her head while Eric
and Ken quickly tied Ari in a very strict hog tie.  They left her on the hot
cement in the sun by the pool and released Sally.  Eric was amazed that someone
could take a hogtie that strict.  Ari was bent almost in half - backwards.  Her
feet were almost touching her shoulders and her hands were actually below her
ass - held there by a rope that was cruelly pulled between her pussy lips. 
Wrists and elbows were tied touching making her arch even more.  Ken rolled her
back and attached sharp clamps to her nipples.  There was already a tight gag in
her mouth and her hair had been tied to her crossed ankles.
    
      	Ken looked at Eric and said, "Are you sure you want me in on this?  I
guess Ari told you a bit about the healing abilities of the Circle, but with
both of us inside her, she's bound to be a bit uncomfortable."
     
      	Eric grinned, running his hand under his wife's chin and looking at her
lovingly.  "Yup.  I'm absolutely sure.  She'll love it - especially if it hurts
a bit."
     
      	Sally just groaned and closed her eyes.  Eric finally lay down on the
lounge and positioned his wife on her hands and knees over his cock.  She was
soaked and his long, thick member slid deep inside her with ease.  Using a
liberal amount of lubricant on his cock, Ken squeezed some on Sally's back hole. 
He watched it clench as Eric moved around and the cool lube hit it.  It was
already soaked with her cunt juices, but Ken knew that as wide as he was, more
lube would be good.
     
      	It took a few minutes to penetrate her.  Ken started with his fingers,
first one, then two sliding into her dark hole.  When the third finger finally
penetrated her, he pulled out and began nudging the crown of his cock into the
woman.  It took several more minutes of careful pushing before Sally relaxed
enough for his cock to slid into her.
     
      	"Oh, yes," she said the first time they both hit bottom.  "Oh, Goddess,
fuck me, fuck me!"  She shot off like a rocket as the cocks inside her started
to move.  To Ken, it was a very, very odd sensation.  He felt her orgasm, the
echoes of Eric's pleasure and the feel of another man separated by Sally's thin
wall of tissue.  They fucked her until they both came in her body - by which
time she was being held up by the two men since she was so weak from all the
orgasms.  Then pulled out of her and lay her on her back on the lounge.
     
      	"Jane," said Ken, "Sally needs a bit of clean up."
     
      	Jane, her arms and breasts aching from holding her position so long -
not to mention the pain in her knees from kneeling on the concrete, eagerly came
over to the prone woman and began to lick the raged holes.  It wasn't long
before she sucked and swallowed as much cum as she could from both of them,
giving Sally yet another shattering orgasm.  She was bathed in sweat and
panting, almost too exhausted to cum again.  Ken smiled knowing that that
wouldn't last.  She was of the Circle and her recovery time was very fast.
     
      	"Jane love, you've done very well," said Ken.  He knew her body was
yearning for release that she'd been denied.  "Would you like to cum?  Would you
like Eric and I to whip you to a nice orgasm?"
     
      	Her eyes were glazed with lust and she said, "If it pleases you Master."
     
      	They put her on another lounge and Eric grabbed a knotted cat.  Ken took
out a short single tail and Eric raised his eyebrows.  It took them less than
five minutes to get her to cum.  Her breasts were streaked with red, but her
mons and inner thighs were covered with thick, red welts, some of them bleeding. 
Her pussy lips were swollen and open and her clit had made an excellent target
for Ken.  He wasn't good with a long singletail, but this whip was short enough
to pack a nice punch and still be easily controllable.
     
      	Eric was in awe of the power of the woman's orgasm.  Sally liked an edge
to their play - sometimes quite a bit of an edge.  But Jane was something else
all together and frankly, she scared him a bit. 
     
      	When they stopped, she lay there panting, then said, "Thank you Masters. 
That was fantastic."
     
      	Ken knew Eric would really freak if he knew that Jane could have taken a
hell of a lot more than that and still cum her little head off.  A committed
masochist with her recovery powers was a very scary thing.
     
      	They all rinsed off under the outside shower - except for Ari who Ken
decided to leave tied for a while longer.
     
      	"You, my dear," he said, "Are going to stay there a while longer. 
Consider it punishment for seducing Gary's slave the other day - and Sally
today."
     
      	It wasn't much of a punishment and they both knew it.  Ari had cum when
Sally had and when Jane had.  She absolutely loved tight, strict bondage and was
more than happy to stay here.  Her body ached and the ropes were cutting into
her.  Her nipples were almost numb - up until Ken removed the clamps -  and she
was really enjoying herself.  She did shriek pretty loudly when the clamps came
off though.
     
      	They sat down at the table and Sally began to feel the baby.   It was
time for their discussion.
     
End Chapter 29




Avatar
Chapter 30

      	They talked for a few minutes, going over what Arianwen had told them. 
She'd covered the basics of what being part of the Circle meant and how they
were currently living their lives.  When they got to the point where Ken asked
Sally if she'd like a job, Jane decided to excuse herself.
     
      	"Master, I'd like to speak with Arianwen," she said.
     
      	Uh oh, thought Ken.
     
     	"Go ahead, but remember, we're having guests tonight," he replied.
     
      	"Yes Master," grinned the woman as she strode over to the bound girl.
     
      	By this time, Ari was close to cuming again.  The ropes which had been
placed on either side of her clitoris had been slowly pushing her up toward
another orgasm.  Any movement on her part, including breathing, caused those
ropes to shift -- not a lot, just enough to tease her.  But she was so sensitive
by now, that their effects were beginning to accumulate.  It wouldn't be long
before she went over the edge.
     
      	Ken watched as Jane knelt in front of the girl.  She was still nude, and
when she squatted, her pussy was spread wide.  Ari looked at it with hungry
eyes.  Jane grabbed the girl's hair and pulled her head back even farther,
causing Ari to gasp for breath.   The hog-tie was so strict that breathing had
already been difficult; now, it was even worse.  Ken couldn't hear what Jane was
saying, but Ari's replies of "Yes, Mistress" and "No, Mistress" were loud enough
for him to hear.  Sally and Eric were also very interested in what was going on.
     
      	Finally, Jane released Ari's hair and stood.  To Eric and Sally's
surprise she squatted and began to pee on the girl.  Apparently Jane's bladder
had been pretty full, since she coated Ari's head and a lot of her back. 
Finally, she lay down in a position where her pussy was right in Ari's face and
let loose again.  Ari opened her mouth and closed her eyes, but Jane's aim,
perhaps on purpose, wasn't that good.  Most of the liquid splashed on the teen's
face and neck, rather than in her opened mouth, and Ari was tied too tightly to
capture the elusive stream. 
     
      	Next, Jane got on her hands and knees and pressed her asshole to the
teen's mouth.  This wasn't Ari's favorite thing to do, but Ken knew she was
sliding her tongue as far into Jane as she could.  She wanted to please her
Mistress and understood that this was part of her punishment.   Finally, Jane
shifted so Ari could get to her pussy.  Ari licked and sucked at the thick
juices, eagerly using her tongue to pleasure Jane.  Jane, of course, didn't cum,
but she really enjoyed the girl's attentions.  When Jane shifted slightly a last
time, Ken knew, because of their link, that she was emptying the last of her
bladder into Ari's sucking mouth.

      	Ari was content, but still very horny, when Jane calmly rinsed in the
shower again and returned to the table.  She acted as if she'd done nothing
unusual at all, which sort of threw Eric and Sally, even though Sally could feel
all the emotions that went with Jane's actions.
     
      	"Jane," said Ken as she sat down, "Eric, Sally and the baby will be
joining us here at Nemetodunum.  Sally has agreed to be our chef, providing we
like the meal that she cooks tonight." 
     
      	That was something Sally had insisted on.  She wouldn't let them
actually pay for her services unless she proved she could cook.  Once she'd
agreed to the interview, so to speak, and agreed that moving into the mansion
was a good idea, Eric had broken the news of his job loss to her.  Her reaction
was not what he'd expected -- she was actually glad.
     
      	"Those fuckers treated you like shit anyway.  Don't worry; we'll get you
something else."
     
      	At this point, Ken mentioned that he thought Eric should continue his
schooling.  Especially since if Sally was working for him, the job included a
substantial educational benefit.  It took a fair amount of time for the three of
them to get him to consider the offer.  Ken could feel the bright burn of the
man's intellect and knew that he'd be able to use his talents in the future.

      	"By the way," said Eric, "I meant to ask - what does Nemetodunum mean?"
     
      	"There's a direct translation, of course, but in essence it means
'Sacred Fortress'," answered Ken.
     
      	"Oh," replied Eric.  "Sacred" was fine, but "fortress"?  That would bear
some thinking on.

        	Finally, it was time for Sally to start getting ready for
dinner.  She said she could probably whip up something that they'd be able to
eat with just what was in the kitchen - until she saw just what was in the
kitchen.  A few minutes later and Eric was on his way to the store to get some
of what Sally considered basics.

      	Jane and Ken returned to the pool where Ari had almost reached yet
another orgasm.  As soon as they began releasing her and she gave a groan
comprised of relief and frustration.  They rinsed her in the shower downstairs,
then all went upstairs to take a real shower.  Ken's thick cock relieved Ari of
a bit more of her frustration.
     
      	Shortly after they left the shower, Ken felt someone at the gate.  It
was the courier that Lenny said he'd send.  So, while they ladies dressed, he
went to speak to the man. 
     
      	The man had come with a stack of paperwork.  Ken had no idea how the
hell Lenny'd gotten some of the documents, but they appeared legit.  Some
required only signatures while others also had to go before a judge.  Ken told
the man to wait for just a moment and used the intercom to call Jane downstairs. 
The house was huge and his voice would never have made the distance.  Of course,
he could have just sent her a thought, but didn't want to make a habit of doing
that while outsiders were around.
     
      	Jane came down dressed in a thin, very revealing dress.  Her long legs
and very high heels immediately caught the young courier's attention.  Ken
showed Jane the paperwork and where Lenny had marked places for her to sign. 
When she bent forward, her breasts, still marked by the crop, were clearly
visible -- right to her swollen, pierced nipples.  He knew she could have healed
the welts already, but that she was enjoying how they felt too much for that. 
Besides, it got her hot knowing that Ellen and Kim couldn't fail to notice them
at some point during the evening.
     
      	The courier's cock was a bar of steel which he tried, not very
successfully, to hide as he left.  Jane kissed Ken soundly in appreciation for
what he was arranging, which was about when Ari appeared.  Ken's first thought
was that it was a good thing that the courier had left.  His second was to
wonder how the hell he and Eric were going to keep themselves from fucking her
brains out this evening.
     
      	Her flame-colored hair was done up beautifully.  Some of it was piled on
her head and some was streaming down her back.  She wore a deep green, leather
collar around her neck and subtle, but matching cuffs on her wrists.  Her top
was little more than several narrow strips of green cloth that had more in
common with a bondage harness than a blouse and covered little but her nipples
and a small portion of her back.  The strips extended down at points to connect
to the skirt - which was so short that unless she stood perfectly straight,
would display her pussy.  On her feet were very high heels and when she twirled,
it was clear she had on no underwear.
     
      	"Come here, little minx," said Jane.  "Do you have what I asked you to
bring down?"
     
      	"Yes, Mistress," replied Ari.  Ken wanted her -- very, very badly. 
     
      	Jane turned to her Master and said, "Of course you know, Master, you may
use Ari or me at a whim -- now or any time tonight.  But for now..."

     	She shifted the strips of cloth so that they were no longer covering
Ari's nipples, then took the pump from Ari's hand.  Placing it over a nipple,
she pumped until the red bud was pulled deeply into the tube, at which time she
slid a rubber O-ring to the base of the nipple.  She repeated the procedure with
the other nipple, then replaced the strips of cloth.  Ken could smell Ari's
arousal as she shifted, trying to remain quiet while Jane ensured that her
nipples would not be missed by anyone caring to look.  Certainly, Ari wouldn't
be forgetting about them as the gentle pressure from the rings would cause each
nipple to swell over the next few hours.  Since Jane had obviously been working
with Arianwen, Ken thought it was time that he give her a few orders to see how
she handled things. 

    	"Tonight," he said, "you will be serving our guests.  You will not speak
unless you are spoken to, and if you do -- other than for an emergency -- you'll
be gagged.  You will not be sitting at the table with us.  It is possible that I
will decide it is appropriate for you to kneel beside me."  He slid a finger
into her soaked cunt and began gently thrusting into it.  Ari moaned as he
joined the first finger with another one.  "If you aren't kneeling beside me,
you'll stand beside me and await our commands.  Also, you will not eat unless
you're fed from someone's plate."  Ari was grinding into his fingers now.  She
was giving little whimpers and moans as her inflamed pussy was stimulated. 

      	"Put your arms behind your head," commanded Ken.  Ari immediately
complied and Ken removed his soaked fingers and wiped them over the damp skin
under one arm.  His fingers went back into her pussy and repeated the action
under her other arm.  One final time, the thick fingers slid into her cunt,
obtaining a coating of her juices, which he smeared over her lips and under her
nose.  Then he had her lick them clean.  Ari was in a serious state of need by
the time he finished.  Her eyes were dilated and shinning and she was a bit
unsteady on her feet.

      	"Finally," said Ken, "you will not seduce anyone unless I tell you to. 
On the other hand, if any of the dominants wants to make use of you -- me, Eric
or Ellen -- you will obey them.  If you are directed to by Eric, you will also
please Sally."

      	"Oh, Goddess," panted Arianwen. "Master will you let me cum tonight?"

      	Jane stepped in and grabbed Arianwen by the back of her hair and turned
the girl's head toward herself.  "You, my love," she said in a soft, playful
voice, "may not ask that.  Think of it as building your anticipation and
control."  Jane pulled the teen's head back and licked her neck.  Ari shuddered
in lust and moaned.

      	"Yes, Mistress," she replied, her voice husky with need.

      	"I'd tell you to go help Sally in the kitchen, but I suspect that you'd
be a bit of a distraction," smiled Ken.  "Why don't you make sure that the
dining room is set up?"

      	"Yes, Master," replied Ari. 

      	Ken's eyes followed her slim form as she walked away.  No doubt about
it; he wanted her.  Hell he wanted both of them, right now.  However, the guests
were due very soon, and it wouldn't be seemly to be having sex with his slaves
when they arrived.
     
      	By the time Ellen and Kim had arrived, Ari had calmed down a bit.  Eric,
though, had been bowled over by the girl as soon as he'd seen her.  He really
wanted her, but was still a bit unsure about how things worked around here.  He
and Ken were sitting in the study talking when there was a soft chime,
indicating that someone was at the gate.
     
      	"This is all so very unreal," said Eric as he got up with Ken.  Ken
motioned him to sit.
     
      	"Yup," replied Ken.  "By the way, I have no idea what's going to happen
with these two tonight, but they are into the BDSM lifestyle.  They, of course,
don't know that I know that."
     
      	"How do you know it?" asked Eric.
     
      	"Being the Avatar of a sex Goddess has its advantages," smiled Ken as he
left the room.
     
      	Both Ari and Jane were in the entrance hall when he got there.  "Ari
dear, I don't want to blow their minds quite yet.  Maybe you should wait in the
study - behind the bar.  You'll serve drinks in there while we wait for dinner."
     
      	"Yes, Master," she said.  Before she could go, he ran a hand over her
small breast, then brushed her swelling nipple.  The band had forced more blood
into it, and both nipples were clearly visible through the cloth strips that
covered them.  She groaned as he teased the swollen bud, and he knew her outer
pussy lips were wet with her juices.  She was leaking quite a bit.
     
      	Ken opened the door as Ellen and Kim reached it, and they all gave hugs
of greeting.  Considering the amount of pheromones Ken, Jane and Ari had been
putting out, it was totally unsurprising that Ellen and Kim's arousal started to
build as soon as they walked in the door.
     
      	Hmmm, thought Ken, exposing subs seems to be the order of the day. 
While Ellen's form was gracefully draped with a beautiful dress, Kim was adorned
in a way that, to someone who knew what to look for, made it obvious that she
was a slave.
     
      	She, like Ari, was dressed in a shade of green which complimented her
hair and eyes.  Her silk top was pretty revealing and showed that she had a
black lace bra encasing her large tits.  Her stockings were seamed in the back,
and her skirt was quite short, although still in the realm of acceptable. 
Around her neck was a silver collar.  To most people, it would look like a
fashionable choker, but to Ken it was obviously a collar.  On each wrist there
were silver chains which could have been bracelets.  They were just a little too
heavy though, and Ken thought that they'd make nice, functional, cuffs. 
Finally, Kim's heels had straps around her ankles holding them on.  The straps
had fashionable buckles with small, flat locks on them.  The locks weren't
obvious, but if you looked carefully, there were key holes.  Most of this he
noticed once they sat in the study to wait for dinner.  Ari was silent and
mostly unnoticed behind the bar.
     
      	"Would anyone like something to drink?" asked Ken, after introducing
Eric.
     
      	Ellen and Kim opted for soda, Eric juice, while he and Jane chose wine. 
Arianwen heard the orders, and while the others were in conversation, she
quickly put everything together.
     
      	The conversation stopped when she held the tray out to Ellen.
     
      	"Ellen, I'm sorry I didn't introduce her before," said Ken. "This is
Arianwen.  She'll be serving us tonight."  
     
      	Both Ellen and Kim's breath caught when they looked at the gorgeous
teen.  Ellen was flustered.  She was already ragingly horny and now she couldn't
seem to look away from the barely dressed girl.
     
      	"Nice to meet you," she said almost faintly when she recovered.  She
took her soda.
     
      	"Thank you, Ma'am," said Ari. 
     
      Ken felt the suspicion rise in Ellen's mind as Ari began delivering the
drinks.  After Ellen, she served Ken, Eric, Kim and Jane, in that order, despite
the fact that Kim was sitting right next to Ellen.  Ellen thought there was
something going on, and she thought that she knew what it was.  When she
finished, Ari went back to stand behind the bar, waiting silently.  Ken gave no
other explanations about the girl's place, nor did he invite her to sit down
with them, further confirming Ellen's suspicions.
     
      	As they continued to talk, Ken let his mind wander into Kim's a bit. 
She'd been squirming around a little - not very noticeably, but some.  Touching
her mind, he quickly found out why.
     
      	Ellen and Kim were playing.  They were using the opportunity of this
dinner to play in public, and Kim was a very turned-on young woman.
     
      	Before they'd left their house, Ellen had forced a large plug deep in
the Kim's asshole.  Since it was slightly narrower at the base, it wasn't coming
out until Ellen removed it.  Kim's tits had been flogged with a horse-hair
flogger, which had stung like hell and whose effects tended to last quite a
while.  What Ken had mistaken as a bra was actually a tight corset that extended
to cover her breasts.  The lace of the bra cups was rough, which was irritating
the already sore skin of her swollen breasts and nipples.
     
      	After Ellen had plugged her, then flogged her and put her in the corset,
she'd started on Kim's bare pussy.  She'd used the horsehair whip on Kim's naked
mons, the rough hair streaking the skin with tiny welts.  She'd flogged Kim's
pussy until the outer lips were swollen, then made the woman hold her own sex
open while she flogged the inner lips and clit.  Kim had been sweating and
begging for an orgasm, but had been denied.  Kim's training was coming along
nicely -- Ellen could get her to cum with the whip quite often now.
     
      	Finally, Ellen had had her put on a set of tight panties which had been
soaked with a cinnamon oil derivative.  It was a mild, but constant, burn and
Kim's entire sex, mons and all, was inflamed.  It was driving her nuts with
lust.  She was holding it together, but kept glancing at the clock.  She'd been
ordered to liberally massage the oil into her pussy once an hour until they left
the mansion for the evening.
     
      	Of course, Kim didn't know it, but Ken read from Ellen that the oil she
had in her purse was a bit stronger than what had been used the first time.  Kim
was in for a surprise.
     
      	Sally appeared at 7:30, announcing that dinner was ready.  Arianwen and
Jane left quickly to help her bring the food out.
     
      	Once everyone was seated, they began to bring out the food.  Sally had
found time to get changed into a nice cream-colored top and a long skirt that
had a split up almost to the waist.  She looked beautiful and elegant, despite
being nervous about her appearance.  She felt soft and out of shape - no
surprise since she'd recently given birth, unlike every other woman at the
table.  Ken felt this and decided to have a talk with her.  She looked up,
wide-eyed, as she felt his appreciation of how she looked flood toward her from
him.  She was not used to being able to sense emotions, and it was a bit
distracting.
     
      	The food was outstanding.  Sally was, indeed, a very talented chef. 
Arianwen performed perfectly, silently serving the food and refilling drinks. 
Ken noticed that whenever she served near anyone, their conversation faltered
just a bit.  Kim, especially, was affected, her nostrils flaring as she took in
the younger woman's scent.  It was quite unmistakable by now and arousing
everyone.
     
      	At precisely eight PM, Kim asked where the nearest bathroom was.  Ken
sent Arianwen to guide her - not that it was far away.  He wanted to make sure
that Ari would be able to control herself.   Conversation continued while she
was gone, but Ken noticed Kim was none too steady when she returned.
     
      	Glancing into her mind, he saw she'd applied the oil, as instructed, but
had almost cum while doing it.  As she washed her hands, her pussy had started
to burn.  Not a surprise, since she knew it would.  However, the burn had
increased quite a bit, and as she walked into the room, sweat was beading on her
upper lip as she fought to control herself.  She sat and took her Mistress' hand
under the table, squeezing it hard.  When Ari bent close to her to fill her
water glass, Kim lost it.  She was almost silent, but her pussy was spasming
hard, as an orgasm rushed through her body.  Every breath was filled with Ari's
rich, sexy scent, and she squeezed Ellen's hand with surprising force.  Ellen
winced and tried not to pay too much attention to Kim.  One glance told her
that, rather than being in distress, her sub was cumming very hard.  Besides,
she was fighting her own battle to keep from dragging Ari and Kim to the nearest
horizontal area and fucking them blind.

      Ken noticed the gasp and the orgasm; everyone of the Circle did.  Sally
was having problems keeping her composure, since she was so new to the
experience of feeling other people's emotions.  Only Eric was unaware of Kim's
dilemma.  Ken could have let the gasp go -- it had been fairly soft, he decided
not to.
     
      	"Kim," he said, a concerned look on his face, "are you OK?"
     
      	"Uh, yeah," replied the somewhat breathless woman. "Sorry, I, um... bit
my lip."
     
      	"Oh," said Ken, "I understand."
     
      	It was clear that he understood.  Clear that he understood, somehow,
that she'd just cum at his table.  Kim was mortified, which, of course, did
nothing to reduce her excitement. 
     
      	She almost lost it again as Ari leaned close and said, "Is there
anything I can do to help?"
     
      	Kim kept from groaning -- barely.  Of course, Ari could help, all she
had to do was lay down and let Kim eat her pussy.  Shit, she could easily smell
the teen's excitement and would love to assist in giving her an orgasm.  Neither
Ken nor Jane missed the fact that Ari had just disobeyed her orders:  She had
spoken to Kim, and that wasn't allowed.
     
      	It was a beautiful evening, so they decided to have coffee and dessert
outside.  Everyone got up from the table, complimenting Sally on a fantastic
meal.  She smiled and thanked them.  Ken pulled Eric aside for just a second and
said something to him.  He nodded.
     
      	"How about if I show you ladies where we're going to sit outside?" asked
Eric.
     
      	They all nodded as Ken said, "Excellent, we'll be out in a minute with
some coffee and dessert.  Sally and Jane, please come with me to the kitchen." 
He turned to Ari and said, "You, as well."
     
      	The teen gulped.  She couldn't figure out what she'd done, but she knew
that she'd done something wrong.
     
      	When they got into the kitchen, Ken turned to Sally and asked, "Are you
wearing panties?"
     
      	She was quick to recognize his tone and answered, "Yes Sir."
     
      	"I thought so.  Please remove them."  She started and looked at him
wide-eyed.  "It's OK, dear. I spoke to your Master."
     
      	"Yes, Sir," the woman replied.  She reached under her skirt and removed
the sopping cloth.  She handed Ken the panties, and he turned toward Ari.
     
      	"Do you know what you did?"
     
      	"No, Master," she replied.
     
      	"You spoke without being spoken to first.  That was a rule you were
supposed to follow tonight, remember?"
     
      	"Oh, shit!" she whispered.  "Master, I'm sorry."
     
      	"I know.  But I want to make sure you don't forget again.  Open your
mouth," he said.
     
      	She complied and he pushed Sally's panties into her mouth, ensuring the
gooey pad was on her tongue.  Ari moaned a bit.
     
      	"Now turn around and bend over," he said.  She complied.  "Spread your
legs - wider.  Good.  Hold on to your ankles."
     
      	He flipped her skirt onto her back, although he didn't need to.  Most of
her ass was exposed in this position, as was her oozing pussy.  He found a
wooden spoon and turned back to the teen.
     
      	"Jane, why don't you help Ari with your tongue?  Her pussy's starting to
drip and we wouldn't want to get that all over everything here in the kitchen,
would we?"
     
      	In a flash, Jane had hiked up her own dress and was under the teen, her
lips fastened to Ari's sex.  Ari moaned deep in her throat.  Ken could feel her
lust as Jane's warm mouth closed over her aching sex.  Jane also tweaked the
sore nipples that were becoming more prominent all the time.  The rings at the
base had done their job well, and Ari's nipples were swollen and painful,
standing out a good half inch.  Ari loved it.  Ken swatted Ari with the spoon
right on her ass.  She was close to cuming by the fifth swat, and they all knew
it.
     
      	"Don't you dare cum," said Ken.  "If you do, when you get out of school,
you'll spend the entire week with no orgasm."
     
      	He continued to swat her, especially on her lower ass cheeks.  The red
marks would not be exactly hidden by her short skirt, and against her white
skin, they stood out prominently.  Ari moaned, grinding her sloppy cunt into
Jane's face.  Ken stopped after fifteen.  Ari had held out, if only barely.
     
      	"Thank you, Jane," said Ken.  Jane stopped sucking on the girl and
stood, her face glazed with pussy cream.  "Very good, Ari.  You took your
punishment well.  To make sure you don't forget about speaking, you'll be
serving our guests with Sally's panties in your mouth."
     
      	Jane had moved up to Sally and just stood there looking at the woman. 
Sally's eyes were glazed with lust as her nerves were flooded with all the
sensations that her Circle were creating.  She just wasn't used to handling this
sort of thing.  Jane kissed her and whispered, "Why don't you make sure that I'm
presentable when I go outside?'
     
      	Sally licked and kissed Ari's cum off her High Priestess' face.  She was
in dire need of an orgasm when she finished, but Ken wouldn't give her one.  She
wasn't his slave.
     
      	They walked out after putting together trays of dessert, and Ken
apologized for the delay.  Sexual tension was high here as well.  Kim and Ellen
were quite attracted to Eric, and Kim could barely sit still.  Her pussy was on
fire from the oil, and whenever she squirmed, the thick dildo in her ass
shifted, causing her mild discomfort as well as rather substantial pleasure. 
Worse, the scratchy material of the cups on the corset was really stimulating
her nipples, and some of the oil had slid onto the dildo and her asshole was
burning.  If that wasn't bad enough, her mistress had said that the next time
she re-applied the oil, she had to spread it on her nipples as well.  Kim was
afraid she was going to be having another orgasm tonight and didn't know if
she'd be able to hide it at all this time.
     
      	When she excused herself at nine to go to the bathroom, Ken decided to
show Ellen some of the gardens.  Not *the* garden, but some of the others. 
Sally and Eric went to see to the baby, and Ari and Jane cleaned up some of the
dishes and went for more coffee.     
     
      	Ellen and Ken walked in silence for a short time, then Ellen spoke. "You
have a very interesting arrangement here."
     
      	Ken knew she wasn't speaking of the mansion but of its occupants.
                 
      	"Yes," he replied. "It suites us well."
     
      	Ellen decided to just come right out and say something.  They were at a
private dinner rather than an official function.  There was a risk, but she
didn't think she'd be blowing his account.  However, if she'd guessed wrong,
things could go south in a big way.  She didn't think her guess was wrong. 
After all, the marks on their servant's thighs had been fresh and quite obvious. 
Not to mention the somewhat older welts on Jane's breasts, which the other woman
appeared completely unconcerned about.
     
      	"Arianwen's your slave, isn't she?"
     
      	"Yes - just as Kim is your slave."
     
      	Ellen looked at him in surprise.  Sure, the signs were there -- if he
was kink aware. But she had the feeling he'd known from the start.
     
      	"Yes," she said firmly.  It was out of the bag now.  If he was going do
dump them, it was unlikely he would have admitted that he had not one, but two
slaves - and, since she handled Ari's trust fund, she knew that Ari was
underage.
     
      	"She's beautiful," continued Ken.  "I know she came at the table."
     
      	Ellen blushed a bit, knowing that her lover's actions had been so
obvious. 
     
      	"Sorry about that.  I guess I really should apologize for using this
dinner as sort of a training scenario.'
     
      	Ken smiled and said, "Only if you'll allow me to apologize as well." 
Ellen looked at him questioningly.  "Surely you don't think Ari is a full-time
domestic slave?  She's a bio-tech student.  A very, very smart bio-tech
student."
     
      	That made sense to Ellen - she'd set up the scholarship.
     
      	"This was her first experience as a slave in public, so to speak.  You
and Kim are a trial for her."
     
      	"What do you mean?"
     
      	Ken laughed. "We're having fun teaching her a little control.  She tends
to seduce people as easily as she breathes.  She was given rules tonight.  She
was told that she would serve any dominant in any way that was required -- and
that includes you.  She was told she wasn't allowed to seduce anyone, and she
was forbidden to speak to anyone except to answer a question.  She failed at the
speaking thing, which is why she has all those marks on her ass."
     
      	Ellen smiled, "I see."
     
      	Then she described what Kim was currently going through.  Ken enjoyed
the description, even though he already knew what was going on.
     
      	"Yes, well, the other part of Ari's punishment isn't quite so visible. 
She currently has Sally's panties in her mouth.  Apparently Sally was quite
excited by you two."
     
      	"How many slaves do you have?" asked Ellen.
     
      	"Just the two.  Sally is Eric's slave," he responded.
     
      	"So Jane is a slave then?"
     
      	"Oh, yes.  But she's very different from Ari.  Jane is extremely well
trained.  She's also a true masochist -- and I mean that.  To her, pain *is*
pleasure."
     
      	Ellen shivered at that thought.  "I'm training Kim to associate pain and
pleasure, but she's not a masochist .  Not yet, anyway."
     
      	"Yeah, Jane's hardwired that way."  Ken stopped and looked at Ellen for
a moment.  She looked at him quizzically and he said, "Come with me for a
second.  I'd like to show you something."
     
      	They walked past the Garden, and Ellen commented on how beautiful it
was.  Ken smiled; it seemed that Ellen might be joining the Circle soon.  Those
who weren't ready didn't even notice it.  Ken continued past, then took her
upstairs and turned on the lights to the play room.
     
      	"Wow," said Ellen. "This place is great."
     
      	"It's nowhere near finished, but it's coming along.  We haven't played
here yet, however we're planning to - this Friday.  Would you like to join us?"
     
      	Ellen's eyes sparkled, but she asked, "Who's us?"
     
     	He told her, and she looked at him with wide eyes. "Gary Sorrel?"

	"Yes, that's him.  Why?"

	"He and his slave make the most amazing bondage furniture, jewelry and
toys.  Very expensive, but very, very good.  From what I know, he rarely does
public play."

	 "Well, this isn't exactly public.  There might be a few other folks as
well.  Perhaps three others, but I don't know."  He looked at Ellen.  Her
thoughts were of how she'd love to let loose with Kim here.  Put her through her
paces, and maybe... maybe even get a chance at Jane.

	"You know," said Ken, "it might be good for Jane to be used by another
woman.  She's very bi, and giving her to you for a time on Friday night would
really make her day."

	Ellen's heart skipped a beat.  "That would be ... um ... wonderful.  Are
you sure she won't mind?"

	Ken smiled at Ellen.   "It doesn't matter if she minds or not.  She's my
slave.  She'll serve whoever I give her to because she trusts me not to give her
to someone who will abuse her."

	"And you trust me like that?"

	Oh yes, thought Ken.  For many reasons, not the least of which I can
read your thoughts.  What he said was, "Yes.  Of course, I'll be here with you. 
But I've seen Kim, and she seems very happy, not down trodden or abused."

	"What time do we need to be here?"

	"I think we could kick things off around six or so.  We'll do up some
steaks."

	They headed back to the party.

End Chapter 30




Avatar

Chapter 31

      	Ken and Ellen returned to the porch where dessert was being served.  He
could feel that Ari was hungry and somewhat thirsty as well.  Since the cat was
out of the bag, so to speak, he decided that, perhaps, she should be fed.  He
began a low conversation with Ellen when they got in sight of the table. 

      	"My little slave there is quite hungry and thirsty.  Would you mind if I
fed her?" asked Ken.

      	Ellen, sensing he had something in mind, smiled and nodded eagerly. 
"Not at all.  Feel free to ... do what ever you think is appropriate."

       	"So you don't mind if I play with her a bit?  Will it disturb you or
your slave?"

      	Ellen shook her head and replied, "Kim will deal - I'm rather certain
that she has the hots for Arianwen.  Do you need her help? Or mine?"

      	Ken continued, "I should mention that Ari has a somewhat unusual
preference in drinks."  Ellen looked a question at him.  "She's into
water-sports in a big way.  I'm sure that she'd be thrilled if you or your slave
would provide for her.  Of course, I understand completely that that might not
be your thing..."

      	Ellen's eyes were shining as she turned back to Ken.  "Now that *is*
kinky!  Kim's pussy is covered with cinnamon oil at the moment -- do you think
that Arianwen would like the combination of tastes?"  She hesitated for second,
"Actually, Kim's probably pretty... um... well, ripe.  She's been very aroused
for a long time, and some people find that a turn off."

      	"I think it'll be just the opposite for Ari."

      	The two Dominants were smiling as they approached the table.

      	 Ken spoke to Sally briefly and she grinned, nodded, then headed off to
the kitchen, leaving the baby in Eric's arms.

      	Jane and Ari both knew that something was up, and even Kim was looking
nervous -- despite the burning in her pussy and nipples from the oil.  She
wasn't too concerned though -- her Mistress would handle things.  Kim was so
horny it was all she could do not to throw herself on her knees and beg to be
used - by anyone.  There was something about these people that just drove her
mad.

       	Sally retuned with some leftovers from dinner.  Ken, knowing how being
displayed aroused Arianwen, put together a meal of finger food for the girl.  At
this point, they were no longer sitting at a table, but in the comfortable porch
furniture in a sort of circle.  Sally began nursing the baby, and everyone was
pretty relaxed.  Or at least as relaxed as the sexual tension allowed.

       	"Ari," said Ken with a smile, "are you hungry?"

       	The teen, her mouth filled with Sally's panties, opted to nod, rather
than speak.

       	Ken's grin widened and he said, "Good.  I think it's time you were fed. 
Why don't you pull Sally's panties out of your mouth?"

       	There was a gasp from Kim -- not in shock, although there was some of
that, but in lust.  It felt like someone had exploded a bomb of sexual energy in
her stomach.  Her pussy clenched, and she could feel her wetness coating her
lips.  She was quite slimy down there since Ellen forbade her from wiping
herself -- except after she peed.  Kim shifted, feeling her lower lips rub
together, burning and needing the touch of her Mistress.

       	Ari actually jumped a bit when Ken mentioned the panties.  She was so
embarrassed -- but so very, very turned on.  Slowly she put her hands to her
mouth and removed the sodden cloth which Ken directed her to open and drape over
an empty chair back.  Once opened, there was no doubt that they were, indeed, a
pair of panties.

       	"Now remove your heels." The girl complied. "And the dress."

       	Hands shaking with arousal, Ari followed his directions.  A light sheen
of sweat coated her body as she stripped in front of everyone.  She felt so
vulnerable, so excited, by being the only one unclothed.  Her scent was strong,
and Ken knew that she was affecting everyone.  So were he, Jane and Sally, so
Ellen, Kim and Eric were really aroused.

       	"Kneel here beside me, you know the position, and put your hands behind
your back."

       	Kim looked on in disbelief.  What had happened to the dinner party? 
What had her Mistress and Ken spoken about while they were gone?  And what had
they done to that poor girl's nipples?  They'd been obvious all night, and now
she saw there were black bands at the base of each, causing the pink skin to
swell and turn a dusky red.  And oh god, what if they made *her* strip?  She
shuddered, oils spilling from her cunt, as she had a small orgasm.

       	Ken began feeding Arianwen from the plate.  She delicately nipped the
food from his fingers, while her body shook with lust.  She was hungry though,
and ate all that he offered while he explained why she'd been gagged earlier and
why there were marks on her skin.  Ari was trying not to orgasm from all the
excitement, and she was leaking like a sieve on to the concrete.  The area was
pretty well lit, so her excitement was obvious.  The conversation continued,
although Kim was very silent, while Ken fed his slave.  He also gave her plenty
of water from a bottle.

       	Finally, Kim decided it was time to use the bathroom.  Ellen saw her get
up and noted the time, so she knew that Kim wasn't going to apply more oil.

       	"Kim darling, sit down," said Ellen.

       	"But Mistress..oop." she said covering her mouth with both hands.

       	Of course, by this time, even Eric knew that Kim was Ellen's slave.   It
had never been a secret from Jane, Sally or Ari who could easily follow all the
emotions.

       	"I said, sit down, dear," said Ellen more firmly.

       	Even if Ken hadn't known what she was thinking, it was obvious from
their earlier conversation what was going to happen.

       	"Ari," he said, "I think it's time for your dessert.  Do you have room
for some?"

       	"Yes Master," replied the teen.

       	Ellen got up and walked over to the lounge that Kim was sitting on,
leaned over her and whispered into the woman's ear.  This all seemed unreal to
Kim.  Things like this just didn't happen!  But she nodded, her Mistress's
request causing her pussy to clench.  Of all the kinky, perverted things...

       	Shaking, Kim stood and removed her soaked panties from under her skirt. 
She looked at Ellen uncertainly.

       	"Sit in the chair and put your legs on the arms."

       	Kim was panting as she walked over to follow her orders.  She was
sinking fast into subspace, her body awash in heat and lust.

       	"Ari, Kim was just on her way to pee," guessed Ken.  "I think you know
what to do.  Ask her Mistress if it's okay."

       	It was obvious that it was okay, but it excited both the subs for Ari to
be made to ask.

       	"Mistress Ellen, may I serve your slave?"

       	Ellen's eyes were pretty glazed with lust.  She wanted to play this out
a little more and said, "How, exactly, would you like to serve her?"

       	This embarrassed Ari, oddly enough.  What she wanted was extremely
submissive and very kinky.  Most people would be grossed out.  She sensed that
Ellen would not be, but that Kim was going to be shocked.

       	"I would... like to eat her to orgasm, then let her pee in my mouth,"
said Ari in a low voice.  She was looking at the ground.  "I...if it pleases
you, Mistress."

       	Ken was impressed.  The Minx was learning Jane's lessons well.

       	"Hmm, let me get this straight," said Ellen, still drawing things out. 
She sensed that her actions were exciting Ari -- certainly they were exciting
her!  "You want to suck my slave's cunt, then drink her piss?"

       	"Yes, if it pleases Mistress," Ari's voice was almost a whisper.

       	Ellen took a handful of Ari's hair and pulled her over to her slave's
dripping crotch.  "See that?" she asked.  "Kim's been very excited today.  Can
you smell her?"

       	Ari had been able to smell the mixture of cinnamon and arousal coming
from Kim all night, but Ellen had no idea how acute Ari's senses were.  Ari
simply told the truth in response.

       	"Yes Mistress.  She smells very sexy and like cinnamon."

       	Ellen smiled and said, "So you want to taste her cunt?  She's been
soaked for hours -- leaking all over the place.  You want to clean her up?"

       	Ari groaned and said, "Goddess, yes!  Please Mistress, may I?"

       	Ken could tell the "Goddess" comment registered with Ellen.  Kim was too
far gone to register anything except the fact that she needed to cum.

Ellen knelt, still holding Ari's hair in her hand.  As she moved in to kiss the
teen, she glanced at Ken.  He smiled and nodded, and Ari found herself in a deep
kiss with Kim's Mistress.  Her groans turned to whimpers as Ellen tweaked and
twisted Ari's sore, swollen nipples.

       	"Do you like that?" she asked.

       	"Yes Mistress, I do."

      	"OK sweetie, why don't you make my slave cum?"

       	Ari dove to her work.  She licked, sucked and nipped Kim's overheated
sex.  Kim cried out in seconds, feeling Ari sucking the juices from her.  The
teen's tongue seemed to be everywhere -- inside her pussy, on her clit, running
around her ass cheeks -- and she came again from the stimulation.  Finally, as
her excitement rose a third time, she felt a new kind of pressure.  The girl
between her legs was pushing on her bladder while stimulating her clit.  A soft
tongue was tickling her pee hole and her eyes snapped open, staring at her
Mistress.

       	"Go ahead, love.  It's what she wants," said Ellen.

       	Kim groaned and released her bladder into Ari's mouth.  The feeling was
exquisite -- and the orgasms that followed left her weak and gasping.  Ari sat
back on her heels and looked at Ellen.  Lust blazed from her eyes and Ellen
entertained thoughts of strapping down the teen and whipping her while riding
Ari's face.  Or slowly tightening clamps on those engorged nipples while feeling
her squeals of pain muffled by her cunt, or...  She blinked and Ari smiled at
her.  A slow, lazy, challenging smile that begged for Ellen to entertain herself
at Ari's expense.

       	"Ari, be good," came Ken's voice, breaking the spell.  "Perhaps Ellen
will want to play with you on Friday night at the party."

       	"You can bet on that," said Ellen looking at Ari's seductive smile. Even
so, Ellen had not forgotten about Jane either. 

       	"I'm sure we could work out a trade," said Ken.

      	"I'm sure," said Ellen.

	It was after midnight when Ellen and Kim left.  Ari remained naked for
the rest of the evening -- except for her heels.  The others fondled and teased
the girl when she served them drinks, but there was no more sex, at least on the
porch.  Eric, after glancing at Sally, took Ari inside for a short time.  When
they returned, his cum was dripping from Ari's pussy -- which was quite red from
their vigorous sex.  After the Ellen and Kim left, Ken and Jane went looking for
Eric.  They found him in the Garden, staring at the stars.  Twenty-four hours
ago, his world had been turned upside down in this very place.

      	"She told me no," said Eric.  "I wish I knew why."

      	"Who told you no Eric?" asked Jane.

      	"Lea.  I wanted to join you when Sally did."

      	He looked at them and continued.  "This is all very unreal to me. I deal
in science.  Things that can be measured, tested, proven.  All this though -
it's magic.  Literally.  Despite what happened last night, I couldn't quite
bring myself to believe it."  Eric paused and said, "You people are all so
casual about it.  I mean, you have a Goddess, a real live Goddess in your lives,
and you barely even talk about it."

      	Ken thought for a moment, then said, "It's true, we really don't talk
much about Lea.  I guess for me, it's because I can always feel her presence --
just as I can feel Jane, Arianwen and now, Sally.  But with Lea, it's even
stronger.  Also, I think that we don't talk about her because she'd rather we
didn't.  Sort of protective coloring.  Her followers have suffered quite a bit
at the hands of the so-called righteous."

      	"Yeah.  You can see it everywhere in our culture -- if you know where to
look," replied Eric.  "In the last day or so, it's been so blatant to me that
it's almost scary."

      	Ken and Jane sensed that he wanted to be alone and so left the Garden. 
Arianwen was still cleaning up down stairs when they got to the bedroom.  Ken
was very aroused after all the activity of the evening.

      	"Remove your clothes," he said, turning to Jane.  Smiling, she stripped
-- which took her all of thirty seconds.

      	Ken lay her on the floor, then used straps to bind her legs together. 
Her wrists and elbows were cuffed behind her, then attached together so that her
elbows were touching.  Next, he folded her legs so that her ankles were touching
her wrists and used another strap to tie her that way. 

      	A hood and a ball gag were added as finishing touches, and Ken said to
her, "Sweet dreams my love."

      	Jane groaned in frustration and Ken smiled.  If she thought she was
frustrated now, she was really going to be crazy by Friday.

      	Ari came to bed not long after, with a curious glance at Jane.  Ken
placed the small teen on his large cock as he lay back on the bed.  By now, all
she was wearing were the rings at the base of her nipples.  The slightest touch
caused pain and pleasure to rocket through her body and when he pulled them off,
she actually climaxed.  Of course, having his cock deep inside her didn't hurt.

      	As they cuddled after their orgasms, Ken said, "If you wake up before
me, you can release Jane."  He smiled, drifting off to sleep.  It was
wonderfully freeing to be able to tie a slave like that and not worry in the
slightest if she'd be damaged or in danger.  Of course, in pain was another
matter...

      	Sunlight flooded the room by the time Ken woke.  He dimly remembered Ari
and Jane being up and around, but he'd gone back to sleep.  He could feel Sally
somewhere in the mansion and Jane out by the pool, but not anyone else.
     
     	He showered and when he came out of the bathroom, Jane was waiting with
coffee and food. 

      	"Have you eaten?" he asked.

      	"No, Master," she replied.  Her night in bondage had left her very sore,
very hungry and very, very horny.  "Is there any way I can serve you today?"

      	He took the food out to a small balcony off the Master bedroom and sat
down.  Jane was feeling very submissive and knelt next to him.  He fed them both
and they enjoyed the food in silence.  She'd put a lot of food on the tray, but
they managed to polish it off.

      	"What are your plans for today?" he asked.

      	"I am at your complete disposal," she replied.

      	"Well, why don't you relax then?  I have class this afternoon," a shadow
passed over his features but was quickly banished, "and a number of errands to
run.  Plus, I need to go speak to Gary about some stuff."  Ken leaned back and
said, "I guess I'll call him first."

      	Jane was disappointed that he was not planning on playing with her, and
Ken knew it.  But the frustration would be good for her.  And he was sure that
he could find ways to tease her today.  He called Gary while Jane showered. 
Naked, she wandered down by the pool to relax -- at least as much as she could,
considering how horny she was.

      	Ken ended up spending a while on the phone and by the time he finished,
it was about time for him to go to class.  He gathered up his stuff and walked
out to the pool, making a quick stop in the study for something from the toy
bag, which seemed to have taken permanent residence there.  Jane was enjoying
the sun, as was Sally, discussing household stuff.  Sally was as naked as Jane,
but Ari, who was there also, was dressed -- which Ken found unusual.

       	"Hello ladies," he said.  He wondered if he'd ever get tired of the view
of beautiful, naked women.  He hoped not.  "I have class, then some errands to
run, so I'll see you later."

       	Ari stood up and said, "Great, I'm ready to go."

       	"Oh, you have final's today?" Ken asked.

       	"I had one this morning -- my last, thank the Goddess.  I'm coming with
you to class."

       	Ken had a vision of Ari let loose on his new martial arts class.  He
shuddered.  "I don't think that's a good idea."

       	"Master," said Jane, "We've been talking about it, and we think it's a
good idea."

       	The total incongruence of his slaves ganging up on him bemused Ken.

       	"So the slaves are revolting?" he asked with humor in his voice.  Truth
be told, the thought of Ari or Jane with him today was comforting.

       	"Not just *your* slaves, Sir," smiled Sally.  "Your Circle thought it
would be a good thing."

       	Ken was touched.  True, Sally was part of the Circle, but he didn't know
her very well -- not yet, anyway.  He wondered if she knew why he was so
nervous.

       	"Sir," said Jane, "Ari and I told her."  Ken shot her a sharp look.  "We
didn't want you to have to retell it, and she's Circle -- she needed to know."

       	Ken suspected that, slaves or not, he was going to have to get used to
being out maneuvered by them;   at least on occasion.

       	"Well, I guess there's only one more thing to take care of before we
leave," he said, his grin turning into  a smile.  "Jane love, put your hands
above your head and spread your legs."

       	Her breath caught and she eagerly complied with a breathy, "Yes Master."

       	Ken pulled the cat that he'd picked up in the study from his bag. 
Slowly and methodically, he whipped Jane, starting with the tops of her thighs,
then directing the knotted strands to her lower belly and her stomach.  By the
time he reached her breasts, the whip was whistling through the air, and Jane
was biting her lip to suppress her moans.  Once he started on her mons and
dripping sex, she began moaning out loud, her body streaked with red marks where
the whip fell.  He stopped after three or four well-placed shots to her flowered
sex.  Jane lay there panting as he put the whip on a table, clearly very
aroused, coated with a light sheen of sweat on her body.

       	"No clothes at all for you, today," he said, "and when Master Eric
returns, be sure that you beg him to whip you at least once while I'm gone. 
Also make sure that, if he wants, you please him or Sally at his discretion. And
remind him that you're not allowed an orgasm.  Do you understand?"

       	"Yes, Master," she replied, her voice thick with arousal.

       	Ken could see that Sally was very affected by her sister slave's state. 
Her dark nipples were hard -- and leaking a bit of milk -- and her own sex was
quite wet.

       	"I don't know what standing rules Master Eric has for you, if any.  Feel
free to use Jane as often as you like today -- as long as it doesn't break any
of Master Eric's rules.  By the way, where is he?"

      	"He went to start packing up the house," replied Sally.  "He also misses
his weight set, so I guess he'll be grabbing some weights, as well."

       	"Excellent.  I'm glad you decided to stay," replied Ken.  He could sense
that Sally was very comfortable here.  She liked everyone she'd met, and her job
seemed tailor-made for her.   She could cook food with a free hand and live a
life-style that she and Eric wanted to live.  Knowing that her daughter would be
taken care of, should anything happen, also made her happy.  He did note that
she was somewhat afraid to venture outside of Nemetodunum's protected property
though.  Hmm, they'd have to deal with that soon.

       	He leaned down and kissed Jane deeply while pulling on one of her nipple
bars.  She moaned in response.

       	"Thank you, Master," she said.

       	"You're welcome.  Thank you, my love."

	When they got to the dojo, Ken looked at Ari.

       	"Sir," she said, "I understand that this is important to you.  I'm just
here to be with you, and I won't cause any trouble."

       	Ken felt guilty for assuming otherwise and said as much.

       	Ari giggled and said, "Considering the state you've kept me in, it's no
surprise that you were worried.  Sir, I..." she paused and blushed, "I love you,
and I wouldn't do anything to make this harder for you."

       	Ken felt a flush of warmth go through him that had nothing to do with
lust.  Oh, just looking at Arianwen made him lust after her, but at this moment,
he realized that he loved the girl as well.  He, Jane and Ari were becoming more
tightly linked to each other all the time.

       	"I love you too, my Minx.  Thank you for coming with me today," he
replied.

       	They entered the building and Ken went to change.  When he returned, he
found Chad talking to Ari.  He wasn't too surprised when he felt Ari's intense
dislike for the guy.  Jane had also been un-amused by his antics, and like Jane,
Ari was only being polite because of Ken.

       	Ken wondered why Chad was at this class.  Touching his mind, Ken found
the answer to his question.  Chad was in the studio Wednesday through Friday. 
He could easily afford to pay Sensei for lessons, but Sensei had him working
here instead.  It annoyed Chad to have to work with some of these losers, but he
wanted the training.  Ken's dislike of the younger man grew.

       	Class was a repeat of the day before, with Chad being even more
aggressive.  Apparently, Sensei had said nothing to the man about his behavior,
something Ken found odd.  Of course, it was odd that Chad acted like this.  As
much as he thought teaching was below him, he did try his best to teach the
other students.

       	Once again, Ken ended up with the advanced group in the class -- much to
the curiosity of the people he was working with.   However, Ken had found his
center as soon as he stepped onto the mat today, and shortly they were wondering
why he had on a white belt.  He needed only be shown something once, and he had
it, and in some instances, performed the movements better than Chad.

      	The last twenty minutes of class were a free spar session.  You fought
for three minutes with a random person, then everyone rotated.  Ken noted Sensei
ensured that he and Chad did not spar and grinned to himself.  What a shame.

       	Ken was also surprised how he felt while sparing.  It was a joyous
activity to him, and his movements were clean and powerful.  It was only after
they finished the class that he spent almost ten minutes in the bathroom trying
to control the shaking and nausea.  He walked out of the locker room toward a
worried looking Ari.
      
      	He smiled to reassure her, when Sensei walked up to them.  "Hello Ken,"
he said, "I'm glad you returned."

      	"I wouldn't miss it, Sensei," replied Ken.

      	"Good.  Then I can expect to see you here Monday?"

      	"Yes, Sensei."

      	"And who is this beautiful young woman?"

      	Ari glowed with the compliment and held out her hand, "Arianwen," she
said.  "Arianwen Whitestone."  Ken felt a bolt of shock and saw Chad from the
corner of his eye.  The guy was really pissed now, but Ken followed his thoughts
anyway.  What the fuck?  This chick was Ken's daughter?  He had to be more
careful with who he tried to picked up.  Ken saw some of the things that Chad
would love to do to Ari.  He smiled to himself, knowing that Chad would be
shocked to find out Ari would love most of them -- normally.  It was Chad she
didn't like.

      	"Ah," said Sensei, "it is a pleasure to meet you."  He said nothing
about Ari's status status, but Ken got the idea from the look in his eye that
Sensei had more of an idea what was going on with the three of them than most
people would suspect.  He was sure that Sensei knew she wasn't his daughter. 
They exchanged pleasantries for a moment, then left.

      	"Are you OK?" asked Ari once the X5 was on its way.

      	"A little sore, but I'll survive," he said.

      	That wasn't what she meant, he knew, but his answer reassured her none
the less.

      	They arrived at Gary's shop and went inside.  Annette was there, and Ken
felt Ari melt.  There was something about that woman that Ari found very
seductive.  Without thinking, she gave Annette a hug and a kiss -- her senses
swimming with the other woman's scent.  Annette, even though determined not to
be drawn in by the teen again, was unable to stop herself from accepting the
kiss and hug.  Ari, however took it no further.

      	"Hey Ken, how ya doin'?"  asked Gary as he emerged from the back.

      	"Good, good," replied Ken.  They shook hands, and Gary looked at Ari and
Annette.  It was clear from how Annette was standing that she was attracted to
Ari.  Well, from how close she was standing and the fact that her hard nipples
showed through her tank top -- her rings very obvious.

      	"Ari, have you been teasing my slave again?" asked Gary good-naturedly. 

      	"No Master Gary," replied Ari.  "All I did was give her a kiss."  There
was a snort from Gary and Arianwen stamped her foot, the action making her look
even younger than she was. "A *little* kiss!  I don't want to get anyone in
trouble."

      	Gary looked at Annette and smiled.  She was a bit nervous around the
teen because it was obvious that, somehow, she could arouse people to the point
where they would stop thinking.  Certainly she'd proved that with her and her
Master just the other day.  Still, she was secure with Gary -- all the more
since she got no indication that Arianwen would ever try to come between them.

      	Ken motioned to Gary that he wanted to speak in private and they went
into the workshop.  Ken gave Ari a look indicating that it was completely
inappropriate for her to seduce Annette.  Again.  Ari nodded her understanding.

      	"Before we start, I should mention that Ari is actually too young to be
in your shop," said Ken. "I could have her wait outside, if you like.  If
nothing else, it'll keep Annette safe.  There's something about her that drives
Ari wild."

      	Gary laughed and replied, "Forget about it.  I make exceptions for women
that have given me blow jobs.  And if she starts in with Annette, well, it'll
just give us an excuse to play harder tomorrow night."

      	"OK," said Ken with a shrug.  "Speaking of which, I know it's early, but
do you have any of the other stuff we ordered?"

      	"Yeah, I do.  I have the small cross, and by tomorrow, there'll be a
chair and the half barrel, too.  I can bring some of my own stuff for tomorrow
night, if you'd like.  I have a table and a portable suspension rig, if you're
in to that sort of thing."

      	Ken remembered back to the fantasy that he and Jane had shared in her
dream.  He was sure they could make use of the suspension rig.  He didn't know
how to tie someone, but Gary did and offered to show him.

      	"There have been a couple of changes for Friday night," said Ken.  "If
they really bother you, I'll make other arrangements."

      	"Oh?  What's up?"

      	"There will be a few more people there than just the five of us.  It's
not a public party, by any means, but there will be at least four others there. 
A lesbian couple, and a husband and wife."  He thought for a moment, then said,
"Maybe three besides them as well, but I don't know.  I know I said it'd be just
us, and it would be very easy for me to reschedule, but if you didn't mind, I
thought it could be sort of a 'dungeon warming' party."

      	Gary's face broke into a big grin. "Hey, the more the merrier!  We don't
do public play very often, but we like it.  As long as folks are discreet, we
won't have a problem with it.  Are they all experienced?"

     	 "The husband and wife are Master and slave, and the other couple are
Mistress and slave -- and the mistress plays very hard.  She's looking forward
to getting her hands on Jane, and maybe Arianwen.  Jane especially, though."

      	"Why?"

      	"Because," Ken answered, "Jane's a masochist.  A real one, not a
painslut.  She's hardwired to get pleasure from hard use, and Ellen loves that
idea.   The others that might or might not show up don't have much experience. 
But I believe they are all willing to learn.  Sandy likes things rough, Genie is
a born submissive and Bill?  I think Bill's a Dom, but he doesn't have a lot of
experience with women.  I highly doubt it'll take much to get him interested."

      	"Well, I don't have a problem.  I'd like to get my hands on Jane as
well."

      	Ken laughed and said, "I guess she's gonna have a busy night.  She'll
love it.  Anyway, dinner's been moved up to six, but you can come over whenever
you want.  Just let me know so Sally knows how much to cook."

      	He saw Gary starting to wonder what was going on.  Ken talked pretty
casually about all these people, but he got the feeling there was more going on
than met the eye.  Plus, he felt he was still owed and explanation from what had
happened the other day with Arianwen. 

      	All in good time, my friend, thought Ken.  He was about to ask about a
beautiful set of clamps in a case when he felt a huge burst of lust from the
show room and turned toward the door.  "Excuse me, but I think my slave is
causing trouble again."

      	"Huh?" said Gary, but he was talking to empty air.  Holy shit, the guy
moved fast!

      	Ken entered the room and, sure enough, there was a naked Ari present. 
Annette had locked her into the smallest cage they had.  Ken stood there looking
at them.

      	"Ari, I thought I told you not to play around," said Ken.  Annette's
lust was soaring.  Apparently, she'd excused herself to pee, and Ari had offered
to let her do it -- right here, right now.

      	"Master, I'm really, really sorry," said Ari from her cramped position. 
"I just... she's so..." her voice faltered as embarrassment overcame her.  Ken
could feel her confusion.  Jane and Ken both turned her on like nothing she'd
ever experienced, but it was Annette she couldn't seem to keep her hands off of. 
Gary entered the room and smiled.

      	"Trying out more equipment?"

      	"I'm sorry, Master Gary, I asked Annette to put me in here to keep me
out of trouble."

      	"Hmmm," said the man.  "Annette, go and wait at the counter."  He walked
over to the cage that Ari was in and, grabbing a lock off the shelf, locked it
closed.  Then he turned on two display flood lights, which not only illuminated
the cage, but put out a hell of a lot of heat.  "Enjoy yourself," he said as he
turned to walk into the back.  He handed Ken the key to the lock and gestured
that they should return to the work room.  As they passed Annette he said in a
quiet voice, "Keep an eye on her and get some water out of the bathroom.  You
know the drill."

      	"Yes, Master," replied the woman. 

      	Annette, Ken saw, knew 'the drill' well.  Gary often left her in a cage
like this in the work shop while he worked.  Except he used heat lamps on her,
and soon she'd be soaked in sweat and very uncomfortable.  He'd give her water
every 20 minutes or so and keep a close watch on her.  Sometimes, he'd push a
dildo attached to a pole deep inside her and leave it there.  Small movements as
she shifted in the uncomfortable cage, would cause the pole to saw in and out of
her cunt, which drove her crazy.   She'd be sore, tired and insanely horny when
he finally let her out. 

      	Ari, she knew, wouldn't be in there for too long, but the lights were
hot and she looked so small and fragile.  Lust flooded Annette's body as she
imagined herself sucking the teen's pussy as she lay recovering from her time in
the cage, her small, slick body writhing from the pleasure that Annette could
provide.  Ken felt her firmly cut the thought off as she tried to get control of
herself.  Arianwen wouldn't be in there very long.

      	Ken smiled as he read these thoughts.  Maybe she wouldn't be in there
long today, but Ari wasn't nearly as fragile as she looked...

      End Chapter 31




Avatar

Chapter 32

      	Ken made sure they took at least an hour in the back.  He told Gary he
wanted the cage Ari was in, plus a few other odds and ends that caught his eye,
like the clamps that he'd been shown earlier.  They were exquisitely beautiful;
all three were silver-winged dragons with jeweled green eyes and gold inlay. The
only difference between them was that one was smaller with a slightly longer
snout.  Small chains extended from the belly of each one.

       	"I gotta tell you," said Gary, "Annette designed those things and
they're really intense."

       	"Oh?  Do tell," replied Ken.

       	"Here," said Gary, handing Ken one of them. 

 	He was surprised by its weight and how strong the spring was.

	"Look here," Gary continued, "see how rough the jaws are?  They could
actually pierce the skin if they were pulled on too hard.  And they're designed
like clover clamps -- pull on the chain and the jaws get tighter.  This clamp,"
he said holding up the small one of the set, "isn't as sharp or tight, but does
the same thing.  It's made for a clit.  See?  The top of the jaws is narrow
enough that you could slide it under the hood, and not only are the insides of
the jaws a bit rough, but the outsides are too.  That way, the inside of the
hood is irritated because the jaws are narrow enough to fit underneath."

      	"I'll take 'em," said Ken.  Jane would absolutely go wild over these.
Plus, there was no chance of doing real damage to her.  At least damage that
couldn't be easily healed.

      	Gary looked a little nervous.  "Well, they're not really mine to sell. 
Annette made them and then decided they were too extreme to sell.  She loves
nipple play, and they were a little too intense for her, even without her rings
in."

      	"Maybe," replied Ken. "But I can assure you that Jane would absolutely
go wild over them.  Plus, neither she nor I are novices.  She'll let me know if
it's too much."  He didn't mention that she wouldn't have to, he'd know.   Just
as he knew that at the moment, Ari, if she could just get her hand a little
closer to her clit, would be able to get herself off in about ten seconds.

      	"Let's run it by Annette.  They are hers, even though she can't use
them."

      	"Sounds good," replied Ken.

      	First they boxed up all the stuff that Ken was buying, then Gary showed
him how to break down and re-assemble the small cross.  When they finished, they
headed out to the showroom.  Gary glanced over at Arianwen, and it was clear to
him that the girl was very close to cumming.  She'd managed to move her hand so
that one delicate finger was just able to rub her clit.  He forced his attention
away from her and looked at Annette, whose forehead was beaded with sweat as she
watched the teen try and bring herself off. "Annette," he said, "Ken wants to
buy the dragon clamps you made."

      	Annette tore her gaze away from Ari and focused on Ken.  "Oh, Master
Ken, those things are really bad news.  I mean, I like how they look, but they
hurt too much for me to wear more than a few minutes.  They're more for show
than anything else."

      	"Maybe, but I'm willing to bet that Jane would go crazy over them."

      	"Not unless she's a serious masochist.  Plus, they could really hurt her
if you left them on too long.  They'll cut into her skin -- at least the nipple
clamps will," replied the woman. 

 Ken could tell that she wanted to sell them -- she was proud of her work and
honestly, they presented too much of a challenge for her to keep around. 
Unknown to Gary, she'd tried to wear the things on occasion.  But even without
weights on the chains to tighten the jaws, they were just too much.  Plus, he
could tell she was really concerned that someone would get hurt.

      	"Actually, now that you mention it, Jane *is* a serious masochist. 
Hell, even Ari would like these."

      	"No way she could handle those," said Annette automatically.

      	"Care for a wager?" he said in a quiet voice.  "I bet that Arianwen can
wear the nipple clamps for at least three minutes without asking that they be
removed.  If she can, then you sell them to me.  If not, then I pay you a
hundred dollars -- and you get your way with Ari for a half hour."  He looked at
Gary, "Sound good to you guys?"

      	Annette looked at the girl, her pale skin shining with sweat as she
writhed in the small confines of the cage.  A hundred bucks and a half hour. She
nodded and looked at Gary.  He grinned and nodded.  They removed Ari from the
cage.

      	"Ari love," said Ken, "I'd like to try these on you.  I think Jane will
like them too."

      	Ari stood there, her intense sexual excitement affecting them all.  Ken
and Gary's cocks were rock solid, as were Annette's nipples.  Ken could easily
detect Annette's scent.  A somehow deeper, muskier combination of sweat and sex.

      	"Of course, Master," said Ari, spreading her legs wide and putting her
hands behind her back.

      	Ken slowly closed the jaws of one dragon over Ari's swollen, pink
nipple.  She groaned as pain sparked and flowed through her flat chest.  The
other dragon joined it and Ken gently let them go.  Her breath hissed out as the
points of the claws dug into her skin, joining the sensations of the jaws on her
nipples.  Annette had been even more clever with their construction than he'd
thought -- the points of all the claws ended up resting on the breast the jaws
were clamped to.  And the points were quite sharp.

      	"How do they feel Ari?" asked Ken, more for Annette's and Gary's benefit
than his.  He knew how she was feeling.

      	"Oh my Goddess," she said, breathing deeply, "they are so intense.  Oh
Master, please, when are you going to pierce me?"

      	"Soon love, soon.  Why don't you do something with your fingers?"

       Gary and Annette watched as one hand went right to a dragon.  Rather than
trying to remove it, Ari began to gently pull and twist.  The jaws sunk deeper
into her nipple, and she hissed with pain and pleasure -- she really enjoyed
nipple play.  Her other hand slid between her bare pussy lips to play with the
thick juices that were oozing out of her tunnel.  Her actions affected everyone,
pulling them into her spiral of lust. Annette let out a faint moan.

     	Ari came, then came again, her body shaking as she sank to her knees.
She didn't stop playing with herself, and she gripped the tail of one of the
dragons and pulled hard, stretching her nipple over an inch from her body.  A
small drop of blood welled from the nipple as Ari came yet a third time.

      	Three minutes seemed to go very quickly.  "OK Ari, you can stop now,"
said Ken.  He released the dragons and removed them while Ari doubled over for a
second.

      	"Holy shit those things are intense," she said.  She was looking down at
the bright spots of blood on one nipple and the thin lines of scratches on each
breast from the claws.  "Jane will go nuts over them."
     	
	Ken looked over and cocked an eyebrow at Gary and Annette.  Gary just
shook his head in disbelief while Annette looked very uncomfortable.  
           
     	"How much do these cost?" asked Ken.

      	"They were two-hundred even, Sir," replied Annette sheepishly. 

 	He looked at her sharply, as did Gary.  Two hundred?  Ken didn't think
so.  Just as jewelry, they'd be worth more than that.  The silver, inlaid gold
and what he suspected were real emeralds for eyes should cost at least another
two hundred, if not more. 
     
     	"Annette," he said in his Master voice, "why do I have the impression
that you just lied to me?"

      	Annette turned a light shade of red, "Well, no one else can really use
them, so it doesn't seem fair to charge a lot of money for them."

      	"Don't devalue your work.  Even if they couldn't be used, and I assure
you that won't be the case, they are beautiful works of art.  What is the real
price?"

      	Her color deepened and she looked at the counter.  "Master Ken, it's all
right, really.  Two hundred is fine." 
     
     	Annette jumped and looked down as Ari touched her arm with her hand. 
Her senses swam as Ari's scent almost overwhelmed her.

      	"Annette," said Ari, lightly licking one bicep, "please don't feel
embarrassed by the cost.  They are so beautiful, you should be compensated for
your work.  Mmmm, and they felt soooo good.  My nipples are still tingling."

      	Ari's small, pink tongue continued to lick Annette, sliding on the
inside of her bicep, then moving up to the juncture where her arm met her torso. 
Annette wasn't breathing very steadily now, but her embarrassment was gone.  Ken
could feel Ari's lust thicken as she breathed in Annette's scent.

      	"Four ... three hundred was the original price," she said.

      	"Sold, " replied Ken.  He looked at Gary and said, "Since Ari won the
bet, do you think a reward is in order?"

      	Gary looked at the glazed eyes of his sub, then back to Ari, who was
sucking on the exposed skin of Annette's shoulder.  He made a mental note not to
make anymore bets with Ken when Arianwen was involved.

      	"I think so," he said.

      	"Annette," said Ken, "did you ever make it to the bathroom?"

      	"No," came the woman's unsteady voice.

      	"Why don't you let Ari help you with that?"

      	Annette looked at her Master, who smiled his permission.  She groped for
Ari's hand and headed off to the bathroom.  They heard her scream her orgasm a
few minutes later.  Meanwhile, Ken and Gary settled up for the new things Ken
wanted, and Ken ensured that Annette received the full four hundred for the
jewelry.  Gary smiled and told him he'd make sure she got it.

      	Ari was somewhat quiet on the ride home. 
     
     	"You okay?" asked Ken.

       "Yes, Master.  I'm still kinda worked up though.  Annette really gets to
me."

	"Do you know why?"

      	"I think so," replied the teen blushing.

      	Ken was silent and eventually Ari continued.  "She doesn't shave.  I
don't know why, but for some reason that gets me so, so hot."

      	"I see.  Would you like to stop shaving?"

      	"Not really.  I will if you want.  Do you like that?"

      	"Not on all women.  On Annette, her shaved pussy contrasts with her
unshaven underarms in a way that's very erotic in kind of a primal way.  It
changes her scent, as well."

      	"Goddess, I noticed," said the teen, sinking down into the seat. 
     
     	"Have you heard from Sandy, Bill or Genie this week?"

      	" I heard from Sandy yesterday.  She wants to come by on Friday, so I
told her I'd mention it to you, which," she paused, "you distracted me from
doing yesterday.  Should I call her?"

      	"No, I'll take care of it.  We're having a play party tomorrow, and I
want to explain what that is to her.  Come to think of it," he continued,
"you've never been to a play party either, have you?"

      	Ari grinned.  "Not hardly.  Well, there was the other day, and then that
first time with you two.  But not with a bunch of people."

      	Ken thought for a minute.  He had an idea of how he wanted to run things
tomorrow night, but figured he'd discuss it with Eric, first.

     	"How do you want to be treated tomorrow?" he asked her.

      	"What do you mean?"

      	"Well," explained Ken,  "I can leave you free to play with anyone you
want, or I can have you as my slave and use you or give you away as I choose. 
Am I right in assuming there won't be anyone there you object to serving?"

      	"Completely, Master," returned the teen.  "If it's okay, I'd like to be
your slave." 
     
    	 Ken grinned, "I'd like that."

      	Ari was quiet for a minute, then said, "Sir, I meant I'd like to be your
slave, the same way Jane is."  She rushed on and said, "I know I'm not as well
trained as she is but..."

      	"Ari..."

	"...I'm really trying to control myself and ..."

      	"Ari..."
     
      	"...I don't understand why, but serving as your slave just makes me
insane and..."

       "Ari!"

       She stopped. "Yes, Sir?"

       	"I'd love to have you as my slave."  He glanced over and saw her whole
face glowing with love and pride.  Lust too, but he felt something inside her...
change.  It was subtle, but very, very powerful.  Ken suspected that he'd be
talking to Lea tonight.

      	They arrived at the house and Ari insisted on carrying the stuff up to
the dungeon, as a slave should, she said.  He cautioned her not to say anything
about the Dragons and left her to it.  He found Sally in the kitchen, nursing
the baby.  She was naked and looking well fucked.  Like all of them, he could
already see signs of changes in her body.  The slight belly she'd had was fading
after only two days, and it appeared the stretch marks were gone, not that
there'd been many of them to begin with.  Her breasts, still full of milk, were
looking firmer as well.

      	"Master Ken," she smiled, "How was your class?"  Then she looked
chagrined, as if she shouldn't have mentioned it.

     	"It was fine, Sally," he replied, "thanks for asking."

      	Sally was becoming attuned to his emotions, just like Jane and Ari, so
she could tell that he appreciated her asking and that it didn't upset him.  She
was happy he was getting over his fear.

      	"Master was hoping you'd have time to speak with him.  He's out by the
pool."

      "Okay," said Ken, and wandered out there.  Jane, he knew, was in the
entrance hall.  She had been since he'd gotten home, and her body was in a
raging state of need.  Apparently she'd been used pretty well today by Eric and
Sally, and was flying high.

      	"Ken," said Eric, "How'd it go today?"

      	"Good, good.  What's up?  Sally said you wanted to talk."

       "Yeah."  The big man sat up, and Ken marveled at his physique.  Over
six-three, Eric was very imposing.  His muscles bulged and rippled under his
skin, and Ken found himself wondering what the guy could bench.  It was obvious
that Eric worked very hard on himself, and that turned out to be just what he
wanted to talk about.

      	"I was wondering if it would be okay to set my weights up somewhere.  I
don't have a lot of them, but they do take up some room."

      	Ken laughed and said, "Well, room doesn't seem to be a problem here.  I
have an idea, why don't we pick a room to set up as a small gym?  You can advise
me what equipment to get, and that way we could all use it."

      	Ken didn't think that he needed to work out.  He was in the best shape
of his life at the moment, or at least he felt that way.  He knew he was
stronger and had more stamina and flexibility than before.  Well, he wasn't
quite as flexible as he'd been at his peak, but that had been a long time ago. 
Still, his muscles seemed raring to go, and he started to wonder if regular
workouts would further enhance his health.  It seemed that everyone in the
Circle was stronger and more fit than they'd been before.  But what would happen
if he added to that by working out?  Would it make a difference?

      	"Hey you don't have to do that just for me," Eric said.

      	"Eric," said Ken,  "you and Sally are part of the family here.  We'll do
what we need to in order to make you comfortable.  Besides, we need to keep in
shape if we're going to be pleasing all these slaves, now don't we?"

       They laughed, then Eric said, "Speaking of which, before we go hunting
around, you might want to find Jane.  She was in the entrance hall, but I didn't
expect you'd be home this late.  That must have been some class."  He glanced at
his watch, then said, "Actually, it's been more than two hours, so I doubt she's
still there."  He seemed a little worried.  His orders to Jane had been to stay
there as long as she could, or until Ken came home.  He hadn't expected Ken to
be home so late from class.

      	"She's still there," replied Ken. 
     
     	Eric relaxed, "Oh, then you've seen her."

      	"Not yet," replied Ken.  "I'll head over there now.  Then I want a quick
shower, and afterwards we can look for a gym room."  He heard Eric wondering how
he'd know Jane was in the hall if he hadn't seen her.  He gave an internal shrug
of acceptance.  Who knew how these people worked?

       	Ken walked into the hall.  His slave, well his other slave, was kneeling
on the cool, marble floor.  Her knees were spread wide, and she had leaned
forward, ass in the air, offering herself to whoever came through the door.  Her
arms were outstretched above her head and resting on the floor, palms up, and
the cat-o-nine-tails was sitting across them.  Her dark hair fanned out above
her, exposing her entire back from the neck down.  Unlike Eric, he knew that she
would stay there until either he or Eric released her.  Or she passed out.

       	Apparently, Eric had had some fun with her.  Her entire back, from neck
to the base of her ass, and probably beyond, was covered with small welts left
by the knotted cat.  Her pussy was open, swollen and wet, with a small puddle
under it.  He could feel the ache in her body, the burning in her flesh fighting
with the cold of the marble floor.  She hadn't moved in over an hour, and she
didn't intend to.

        "Hello, slave," he said in a warm voice.

        "Hello, Master," she replied, her voice none too steady.  Despite, or
rather because of, her discomfort, she was ragingly horny.

        "How was your day?"

        "Frustrating, Master.  As you intended."

        "Yes, I did.  And it's going to continue to be frustrating until some
time tomorrow.  Then, your orgasms will be controlled by who I give you to."

       	Her breath come out in a whoosh and she whispered, "Yes, Master."
           
        "So, what did Master Eric do with you today?"

       	Ken could have taken it from her mind, and, in fact, did follow along to
get the emotions that went with her experiences, but thought it would be more
fun if she spoke out loud.

       	"Well, most of the day, he was gone.  Sally teased me quite a bit;  she
likes to play with my piercings.  And, she had me eat her."  Jane blushed then
said, "She also used my tongue to clean her after she peed a few times."

       	Describing her use at Sally's hands made Jane's arousal grow. 
Interestingly, Ken could almost make out soft glow of energy emanating from her
skin.

       	"When Master Eric came home, we ate lunch around the pool.  Sally is an
excellent cook and even manages to make amazing sandwiches.  She's also starting
to realize how much food we all eat.  Eventually, Master Eric fucked Sally, then
whipped me while I knelt and ate her to orgasm.  He wanted to make sure I'd
gotten all his cum, so I gave her several orgasms.  Finally, he brought me in
here and fucked me but didn't cum.  Then he whipped me again and left me for
you."

       	"Well, he left me a very nice present," said Ken.  He was still horny
from Ari's little show at the shop, and Jane's pussy was sitting there just
begging to be fucked.  So he did.

      	She groaned as his over-thick cock spread her delicate tissues.  Sinking
into her was amazing, her tightness and body heat incredible.  She stayed in
exactly the same position as he fucked her, despite the strain on her body.  She
could have cum, but managed to hold off.
     
        After cumming deep inside her, he stood, took the whip and whipped her
as Eric had.  Some of her welts started to ooze a bit of blood, especially on
her upper back and ass.  He'd never be able to do this to someone who wasn't
Circle without them spending a week or more healing up.  Jane, he knew, could
heal in hours, and he suspected with his help it could be in minutes.  He also
knew she would make no attempt to do so.  He pulled her to a kneeling position
by her hair.  She immediately put her hands behind her back and arched her
breasts out.  Since they were so nicely displayed, her breasts got a strong
taste of the whip, as well.

       	He gently dropped the whip on the floor and left to go to the kitchen. 
On his way out, he said, "Clean up the mess you made on the floor," there was a
puddle of his cum and her juice under her cunt. "Take the whip, go upstairs, and
wait for me in the bathroom.  If Ari is up there and has to pee, make sure you
clean her up if she needs it."  He paused. "Oh, and by the way, she's now my
slave, just like you are."

       	He felt happiness and love suffuse Jane and stopped to look at her.

       	"That makes you happy, huh?"

       "Oh yes, Master.  Thank you so much."  He saw in her mind that when he'd
made Ari his slave, Jane had felt something too -- she just hadn't been sure
what it was.  He smiled and went in search of a light snack.

        Ken made sure to tell Sally that they'd need dinner and snacks for
twelve people for tomorrow and to plan accordingly.
     
        "Not a problem, Sir," she said.  "If I use the other kitchen, we could
feed over a hundred and fifty with no problem.  With just this kitchen, I could
cook for twenty-five.  I'll have Eric go get some food.  Do you have any
preferences?"

        "Yes," replied Ken. "I like steak -- a good cut of steak.  Other than
that, use your discretion.  Oh yeah, some chocolate and other snack food would
be good, as well."

       	"Great," she said, "I'll let him know."

       	"Sally," said Ken, "I think you should go with him. Get off the estate
for a while and enjoy yourself."

      	Sally shifted uncomfortably, and he looked at her.  "Sally, really,
you'll be safe.  It won't do you any good to make a prisoner of yourself in
here."
    
       "Yes, Master Ken."  Sally was not happy.

      	"Sally," he said, "Don't go because you're obeying an order from me.  Go
because you have confidence in Lea and yourself."

      	She didn't say anything, and Ken walked out.   When he got to the
bedroom, Ari and Jane were in the bathroom, kissing.  They were both, surprise,
surprise, very aroused.
    
      	They broke the kiss, and Jane said, "Master told me I had to clean you
up."

        Ari grinned and spread her legs.  She held Jane's hair while the older
woman licked and sucked her pussy.  As she was approaching an orgasm, Ken spoke.

       	"Ari," he said, "do you think it's fair that your sister slave can't
have an orgasm until at least tomorrow, but you can?"  That comment increased
the teen's lust even further.

        "No, Master," she said pulling Jane's face from her pussy, panting. 
Jane pouted, just a little from the loss of the slick flesh.

       	Ken smiled, "Why don't you join me in the shower?  Jane, stay here.  Oh,
and get us some towels."

       	Jane's mind was swirling down into subspace.  She lived for treatment
like this.  When they got out of the shower, Jane dried Ken while Arianwen dried
herself.  They went into the bedroom, and Ken threw on a shirt and shorts.  Ari
put on nothing, but Jane was given something to wear.

        It was a heavy leather corset which left her breasts bare.  However,
there were straps that could be added to tightly compress the base of each
breast, and Ken used them.  When the corset was finally tightened, Jane's waist
was cut by four inches.  Breathing was a bit of a challenge for her, but her sex
was wetting her upper thighs.

      	They put her in a high, posture collar and attached a leash with a heavy
chain to her nipple bars.  Her wrists were crossed between her shoulder blades
and secured there by several leather straps.  Ari slipped very high heels on
Jane's feet, and she was lead downstairs.  Ari was none too steady herself, as
she had been close to cumming when Ken had stopped her.  Helping to 'dress' Jane
made her nuts.

       	Dinner was pretty casual.  Sally had cooked them great food, and they
ate by the small pool.  Jane was fed bits from everyone's plate, but due to the
constriction of the corset, couldn't eat as much as she normally would.  She was
teased unmercifully though, and somewhat unsteady on her feet by the time dinner
was finished.  She and Ari helped Sally clean up, while Ken and Eric went in
search of a good room for the gym.

        They found one that had evidently been used as an exercise room.  There
was an old exercise bike and some weights in it already, but nothing that Eric
would call usable.  Next, they went online, and Eric showed Ken what he thought
they should have. They called, and delivery was set for Monday.  That hadn't
been easy, especially considering the amount of stuff Ken ordered, but the
promise of a little extra money for rush delivery did it.

	There were several types of rooms in the mansion that seemed to be
designated for a specific purpose, but each needed a bit of work.  The dungeon
had some modifications he'd like to add, and he'd found a room that would be a
perfect studio for his marshal arts training.  That one already had a wood
floor, but Ken wanted to add some mirrors and get some mats, a heavy bag and
some other equipment.

 	In addition to all that, there was the outside work to be done, like
grounds keeping and pool upkeep. Currently, there were people doing those jobs,
but it was a disruption when they came in, which so far they'd only done once
for the pool.  The lawn work had to be done more frequently, and as he thought
about it, he realized that he'd really seen very little of his property.

        Ken sat down to make a list of things that were needed.  He wanted
several four-wheelers to get around on the grounds, a panel van, a heavy-duty
pickup truck and, Goddess forbid, a minivan.   Eric and Sally had a small
import, but he decided it'd be nice for them to have something a little more
substantial and more baby-friendly.  He made a note to have Lenny to set up
various insurance accounts for everyone as well.  He realized there were tons of
other details that he still needed to handle to set up the household.

 	It was almost midnight when he pulled himself away from the computer. 
Jane entered the room and knelt at his feet.

      	"Will you be coming to bed soon Master?" she asked.

 	"Yeah," he said.  His slave was looking a little frazzled.  They were
pushing her a bit.  She'd spent time being used like this before, but now it was
a little different; she had to deal with not only her own sexual excitement, but
everyone else's as well.  The power that Lea had given them could be frustrating
when you weren't allowed to cum.  She was throwing off energy like a torch.
	
 	Ken slid his fingers between her swollen lips.  They were slick and
dripping with her lube.  Thoroughly coating them, he then proceeded to wipe them
clean under her nose.  Jane groaned from her scent, strong after all the
excitement today.  Ken stood and kissed his High Priestess, her arms once again
bound behind her.  She was feeling faint, since the corset that she'd been in
for hours restricted her breathing.  Ken grew hard from the taste of her kiss. 
Grabbing her leash, he pulled her upstairs by her swollen breasts.  They'd been
lightly constricted by the straps for hours, and they'd swollen so much that the
formerly snug straps now cut into the base of each breast.
	
 	Ari was asleep, so Ken pulled Jane into one of the walk-in closets, more
a dressing room than closet, and slowly released her from her bonds and the
corset.  He didn't remove the cuffs from her wrists though, and left them cuffed
behind her -- but at the base of her spine, rather than between her shoulders. 
More cuffs went around her ankles, then she was led to the foot of the bed.  Her
ankles were cuffed together, then attached to her wrist cuffs and pulled so they
were all touching.

 	"Good night, love," Ken whispered.

 	"Good night, Master," she returned.

End Chapter 32




Avatar
Chapter 33
 
           	Ken woke only an hour later.  Jane and Ari were asleep, but
someone was up on the mansion grounds.   He put on some shorts, then padded
outside into the cool night air.  As he had already known, the Garden wasn't
empty.  Eric was there.
     
           	"You OK?" he asked.
     
           	The big man started and turned.  "Sorry, I didn't hear you. 
Yeah, I'm fine."
     
           	Ken sat on a bench and said, "You don't sound fine.  Is there
anything I can do to help?"
     
           	Eric was silent for a moment, then said, "Things have been a
little weird, you know?  I mean, sometimes I doubt that all this is happening,
and sometimes it's like I've lived it all my life.  And Sally.  She's changed. 
But she's the same too."  He paused, then went on. "It's freakin' me out a bit. 
I mean, she's the same woman that I've loved for years, but she's also become
my... I don't know, my fantasy woman?  It's like I don't need to say anything to
her about what I want, she just knows it.  The sex has been great, hell the sex
has been almost unbearably intense, and I love her more than ever.  But there's
a part of her that I can't seem to touch, as weird as that sounds.  Like we're
closer than ever, but farther apart, too."
     
           	Ken nodded.  Lea had warned him that she would have to approve
of any wife that he wanted.  Ken was beginning to see a graphic example of why.
"Tell me," he said, "have you thought about what it might mean to become part of
the Circle?"
     
           	"You mean swear myself to this Goddess?"
     
           	"Yeah," replied Ken.
     
           	"Constantly.  It's all I've been thinking about.  But it's a big
decision, ya know?  It seems like it should take years to decide."
     
           	"I see," replied Ken with a smile. "You mean, years of study in
some monastery, years of denial and sacrifice so that you can focus solely on
your religion, learning the deeper truths of your God?"
     
           	"When you put it like that, it sounds a bit pompous, but yeah,
that's what I was thinking."
     
           	"I do not require that sort of dedication from my Priests," said
Lea. 

          	Eric almost jumped out of his skin, but Ken had felt Her
presence as She arrived.  "If you wall yourself off from life, from other
people, how can you experience them?  How can you guide and advise them, if that
is your goal?"  She turned to Ken, kissed him and smiled.  "Kenneth, you taste
of Jane.  I like that."  Her smile grew and She said, "You are torturing my High
Priestess."
     
           	"Yes, I am."
     
           	"She is enjoying it a great deal.  I'm glad you are seeing to
her needs, as she grows sad when she is ignored."  Lea turned back to Eric. 
"Not everything in life has to be hard.  Not everything is about sacrifice and
denial."  She approached the man, her elegant form dwarfed by his.  "What more
proof do you need for your ... scientific ... mind?  Your heart, I can already
feel, wants to join us.  It is only your brain that cannot accept."
     
           	Eric was silent, and Ken knew that Lea was purposefully
throttling down Her presence, so as not to overwhelm him.  If She didn't, he
knew that Eric would be on his knees begging to serve Her in an instant, but
that was not Her way.
     
          	"I'm afraid," he almost whispered.
    
          	"I understand.  I do not fit with your knowledge of this science
that you worship."  She smiled at him, then stretched on tiptoes to kiss him
lightly on the cheek.  "Think on this, then:  Where is the science in love?" 
With that She was gone, and Ken and Eric were alone.
    
          	"Well, I'm for bed," said Ken.  "You might be interested to
know," he continued, "that Lea first appeared to me twenty-three days ago."
    
          	Ken left Eric there, but passed Sally in the study.  They shared
a smile, and she went to her husband and he... he went to his wives.
    
          	The next morning found Ken in bed alone.  Jane was still
sleeping deeply at the foot of the bed, despite her rather uncomfortable
position.  She was awake when he got out of the bathroom, though.  Ken unclipped
her ankles, put a regular collar around her neck, attached a leash and pulled
her to her feet.  Then he unclipped her wrists and said, "You may brush your
teeth, and that's all you may do.  Then come down stairs."
    
          	She still had welts on her skin, and he could feel she was sore
as hell, but her body was buzzing with sexual energy.  He watched as she entered
the bathroom and grabbed a tooth brush, his, of course, and put tooth paste on
it.  There was a loud moan just as he turned to leave the room, and he looked
back.  Lea was in the bathroom behind Jane, a nipple bar in each finger, pulling
hard.  He left his Goddess to play with Her High Priest and went downstairs.  It
wasn't easy, as his solid cock could testify.  Jane took a few more minutes than
expected to make it downstairs, surprise, surprise.  Ari, Eric and Sally were
all awake and in the breakfast nook.  Arianwen and Sally were naked, and Ari was
wearing a collar.
    
          	"Good Morning, Master Ken," said Sally.  "There's French toast
and bacon here.  I can make you something else, if you'd prefer."
    
          	"Nope, this sounds wonderful," he replied as Ari flowed into his
arms for a good morning kiss.  She tasted of maple syrup and smelled fresh and
clean.
    
          	"How are you this morning, love?" he asked. 
    
            Her reply was another grin and another kiss, this one a bit more
heated. 
    
          	"I'm looking forward to the party tonight, Master," she said.
    
          	"Yeah," said Eric, "she's been driving us completely crazy this
morning."
    
          	Ari had insinuated her way onto Ken's lap while he tried to eat,
much like a house cat would.  Ken liked cats, but had to admit that having the
slim, nude teen on his lap was much more fun.  She seemed content to have him
reach around her to eat.  Especially when some syrup landed on her chest, and he
licked it off.
    
          	"Did you sleep well?" Ken asked Eric and Sally.
   
          	"Yup," said Sally with a big grin. 

          	Hmmm, her thoughts said that while they had slept well, it
hadn't been for long.  Sally had kept Eric pretty busy in the Garden after Lea
left.  She was loving the fact that she was able to know when Christine needed
her, no matter where she was in the house, because it freed her for other
things.  Plus, they were blessed with a child who actually kept regular hours.
    
          	Eric was quite happy, but in need of sleep.  He didn't have the
same kind of stamina that the Circle did and was thinking of a nap by the pool. 
"Yes," Eric smiled.  He felt more at peace than he'd been the last several days. 
Ken saw that Eric was ready to join them and smiled at that.
    
            "I see you've given your situation some thought," he said.
    
          	Eric looked surprised, but then nodded.  "Yeah.  Lea's a
convincing person.  Goddess.  Whatever."
    
            Jane made her appearance, her hands once again cuffed behind her. 
Her eyes were dilated, and Ken could see that Lea had tapped off a lot of the
energy that Jane had been building up.  None of the sexual frustration or need,
but lots of energy.  Jane knelt by the side of Ken's chair, and he noticed she
smelled very strongly of sex. No surprise there.  
    
          	"You OK?"
    
          	"Yes, Master.  Lea can be... very intense."  He noticed that all
the marks on her body had been healed, but her emotions and thoughts said they
could still be felt.  Interesting.  Jane noticed his look and said, "Mistress
said that you'd most likely want a clean canvas to paint on tonight."
    
          	Trust Lea to pick up on that.  Ken had been planning on seeing
how much energy it would take to heal her, but now that was unnecessary. 
    
          	"Ari, your sister-slave is hungry.  Why don't you feed her
something?" remarked Ken.
    
          	"Oh yes Master," smiled Ari.  The first thing she fed Jane was
her tongue.  "Mmm, I can taste someone on you?  Is it Lea?"
    
          	"Yes," replied Jane with a slight shudder.
    
          	"Oo," said Sally, "I want a taste!"
    
          	She bounced out of her chair and embraced Jane, their large,
full breasts rubbing against each other.  Ken and Eric certainly enjoyed the
sight of the women kissing.  They also enjoyed watching Sally and Ari feeding
Jane breakfast.  They were pretty sloppy, and Jane's breasts were often the
target of heated syrup.
    
          	Ken excused himself from the table to make the phone calls he
needed make.  He told them that neither Jane nor Ari were allowed to cum, and
that Ari should consider herself at Eric and Sally's disposal.  Jane was to be
given a pad to kneel on by the pool.  Eric was quite pleased by that, since she
was a fetching sight.  He no longer felt the need for a nap, mainly because
Sally had started feeding him some of the energy she'd collected.  Interesting,
thought Ken, that she had picked up on a way to do that.
    
          	Ken managed to get hold of everyone about the party tonight.  He
got a surprise when he called Bill, though.
    
     	"Hey Bill, how ya doing?" he asked.
    
          	"Good," he replied.  "Actually, great!  I have today off, and
finals are over for the moment.  Of course, I'm taking summer classes, but they
haven't started yet."
    
          	Bill, thought Ken, was a very cheerful guy.  Hmmm.
    
            "Anything else going on?"
    
          	Bill hesitated for a moment, then said, "Ummm, yes.  There was
something that I wanted to talk about."
    
          	"OK.  But don't let me forget to tell you about the party
tonight."
    
          	"Cool.  Yeah, um, it's actually about me and um, well, I kinda
hooked up with someone," said Bill.
    
          	"Hey, that's great!  Anyone I know?" asked Ken thinking that
Sandy was the most likely candidate.
    
          	"Uh, yeah, actually.  Genie."
    
          	"Really?" exclaimed Ken, totally surprised.  He hadn't seen that
coming.  "Excellent!"
    
          	"You're not annoyed or anything?"
    
          	"Hell, no!  I think it's great.  You should both come tonight. I
haven't been able to get hold of her at the office, but..."
    
          	"She's actually here," said Bill.
    
          	"Oh, is she?  Tell her I said hi," grinned Ken.
    
          	"I will.  She's a bit tied up at the moment," chuckled Bill. 
Now that he knew that Ken wasn't upset about him and Genie, he'd loosened up a
bit.
    
          	No way, thought Ken.  This couldn't be a better lead in.  "I'll
bet she's enjoying herself."
    
          	"Yup.  I've got a lot to learn, but she's been very willing to
help out."
    
          	Ken chuckled, "That's very considerate of her.  Speaking of
which, about this party..."
    
          	Ken told him what kind of party it was going to be, and Bill
seemed very, very eager to attend.  He agreed to come for both of them, but said
that he'd talk to Genie when she wasn't so preoccupied, to make sure she was up
for it.  They hung up, and Ken got hold of Sandy.
    
          	She seemed very happy to hear from him, and he apologized for
being out of touch.  He chided her for not dropping by, which was how he found
out that she'd been on her period.  He explained that it didn't bother him in
the slightest, and he doubted that Jane would care either.  Sandy was a very
happy camper when she found that out, because that was when she was the most
horny.  He explained about the party tonight.
    
          	"It sounds like fun, although," she said, "I'm not really into
being whipped and stuff."  Her voice lowered to a whisper, and she said, "I
might like rope thing though -- I don't know."
    
          	"We can provide plenty of that," replied Ken.  As he'd mentioned
to Bill, he told Sandy that she could stay the night, or not.  They had plenty
of room.
   
           	More calls to Lenny about various matters, and another to Ellen
reminding her what time they should show up.  After that, he was off to a
dealership for more vehicles.
     
           	This time he wanted fairly plain, workhorse vehicles, and so
ended up getting a pretty good deal when he bought a Ford F350 and a windowless
van.  The dealership was happy as well and would have them delivered to the
estate on Monday.  Next, he stopped in to check on another car he'd ordered at a
different dealership.  It was ready for delivery and, wonder of wonders, they'd
be able to deliver it on Sunday.  Considering how much he'd paid for the thing
-- it was souped up and tricked out as much as the dealer could make it -- it
was the least they could do.  Finally, at just about 1pm, he returned to the
house.  Eric and Arianwen had gone to get some last minute food, and Gary had
left a message that he'd be there by three to set things up. 
     
           	Jane was out by the pool where she'd been told to stay.  Her
bondage had been added to; it was hot out,  and she was uncomfortable.  Sweat
slid down her body as the sun beat down on her.  Apparently, none of them got
sunburns anymore, which was a good thing.  Ken had never burned too bad, but
Ari, who now spent most of her time naked, used to burn a lot.  Jane would have
already burnt, since she'd been by the pool for hours.
     
      	"Hello slave," said Ken.
     
           	"Hello, Master," she replied in a bright tone of voice.  Jane
was loving this, despite the fact that her elbows were now touching, and heavy
weights had been attached to her nipple bars.
     
           	"You sound chipper," he commented.
     
           	"What's not to like?" she asked.  "Sally played with me earlier,
and so did Master Eric.  Arianwen teased my brains out for about a half hour."
     
           	"Have you been fed?" asked Ken.
     
           	"Sally's coming out in a few minutes with lunch.  She said she'd
feed me then.  And they've given me plenty of water... and other things... to
drink."
     
           	Ken knew she was speaking of Ari's fascination with water
sports.
     
           	"Yeah, she's really, really into that, isn't she?"
     
           	Jane shuddered with lust.  "Goddess, it's so submissive to be
forced to do that."
     
           	Ken explained what he'd bought, and told her about his idea for
the mini-van for Sally and Eric.  Jane thought it was a good idea, and she
couldn't wait for the delivery of the car on Sunday.  Sally arrived with a tray
piled high with sandwiches about then, so they ate.  Ken thought Sally was very,
very attractive.  Her breasts, now swollen with milk, never failed to make him
think of how they'd look coiled in rope.  Sally caught his mood and ended up on
her knees in front of him.
     
          	"Master Ken, I know that my Master would not mind if you used
me.  You haven't really, and as my High Priest, you know that I'm yours whenever
you want me.  Master and I talked about that, and he has no problem with it."
     
           	"Somehow, I don't think that he'd have no problem with me using
you whenever I wanted to," smiled Ken as he idly reached out and flicked a dark
nipple.
     
           	"Well," she replied squirming a bit, "we've had some interesting
discussions.  He's my Master, but you are the Avatar of my Goddess.  He has
tried to understand that, and make allowances, but I don't think he'll really
understand until he joins the Circle."
     
           	"And you think he'll join?"
     
           	"Soon," she nodded, squirming some more as his fingers gripped
and tugged her nipples.  "I know that you would never come between he and I.  In
fact, it's odd to even think of something like that -- it's like that sort of
jealousy doesn't exist for us.  But he doesn't know that yet."
     
      	Ken's fingers lightly scratched the undersides of her breasts as she
spoke.  Her breathing deepened.
     
           	"Plus, he's certainly used Jane and Arianwen a lot.  I think he
feels that turnabout is fair play.  Uhhh."
     
           	That last was said as he squeezed and pulled her nipples.  Her
hands immediately went behind her back, and she arched her chest for him.  "I
know I'm not like Jane, but I love the feel of a belt on my breasts, especially
after they've been tied for a while.  Mmmm.  They've seemed so sensitive these
last few days."
     
           	"And they'll stay that way," commented Jane as she watched her
Master manipulate the other woman's breasts.  "I think I can come just from
having mine whipped."
     
           	"I bet that's not that much of a change," chuckled Ken.
     
           	"Well, that's true," replied Jane, "but it's easier now."
     
           	Ken repositioned Sally on her back, and had Jane rest her musky
pussy on her face.  Jane knew she wasn't allowed to cum, but groaned loudly as
Sally, rather than gently licking the slick cunt, bit rather sharply into an
inner lip.
     
      	"Oh shit," whispered Jane.  "That's not fair, Sally."
     
           	"Too bad, lover," replied the other woman, who gasped herself as
Ken began rubbing her clit.  Sally's hips rose to meet his thumb, and her slit
began oozing milky juice.  Ken spread her lips, as she continued to bite Jane,
and entered her.  He also removed the belt from his pants and began to tap her
nipples with the end of it.  Sally responded by groaning and spearing a tongue
deep into Jane.
     
           	Ken shoved into her rather forcefully, and Sally groaned louder. 
Her husband was longer, but Ken was thicker.  Also, it seemed as though she'd
tightened up some as her body tone improved in the last few days.  Ken began
using the belt on her tits much harder, which caused Sally to get rougher with
Jane's cunt.  Jane was really suffering now -- it'd been days since she'd cum,
and they'd been teasing her constantly.  Ken couldn't wait until tonight when
she had her first orgasm.  It was bound to be a big one.
     
           	When he was ready to cum, he pulled out and used Sally's juices
as lubricant to jerk himself off on Jane's cunt.  She groaned as the warm fluid
bathed her inflamed lips and dripped into Sally's mouth.  Sally was a little
frustrated, because Ken had allowed her only one small orgasm.  He had Jane
clean him off with her tongue, then had her clean Sally's face of any cum left
there.  Jane was then left by the side of the pool, this time with the added
bondage of straps holding her legs folded.
     
           	He and Sally took a quick dip in the pool, and by that time, Ari
and Eric had returned.  They unloaded the car, which was when Gary and Annette
arrived.  Introductions were made, and Arianwen glued herself to Annette as soon
as Gary made his slave strip.  As a result, Ari soon found herself in the small
cage next to Jane at the pool.  Jane smiled and stuck her tongue out at the
teen.
     
           	Sally went back to putting food together for the evening, while
Ken and the others went to finish setting things up in the dungeon.  Between
what he'd bought and what Gary was letting them borrow, they were going to have
a lot more equipment than Ken had thought.  At one point, after speaking to Ken,
Gary had Annette run an errand for them.  She returned about the same time Sandy
showed up, and Ken made more introductions.  Like Arianwen, Sandy also thought
Annette was very hot.  However, her eyes were on Eric as she wondered whether
the man was big everywhere.  She bit her lip, as images of him and Ken pounding
her fore and aft flooded her mind.  When she added Gary to the mix, she almost
moaned out loud.  Something about being around these people always made her
extremely horny.
     
           	Ken left them and brought Sandy downstairs to the pool, where
Jane and Ari were.  He pulled Ari out of the cage, and after Sandy removed her
clothes, she and Ari kissed deeply.  Ken told Sandy that, as a non-slave, she'd
have to wear clothes for dinner.  Sandy pouted, but agreed. 
     
           	Then he said, "You could do me a favor, though."
     
           	"Sure," she replied, her eyes skipping between Ari and Jane. 
Both of them were wet with sweat and it was driving Sandy crazy.  "What do you
need?"
     
           	"Well, I can't have my slaves looking like this before the rest
of the guests arrive, now can I?  Could you wash down Ari, then both of you wash
Jane?  There's soap in the box by the shower over there."
     
           	He could see in her mind that she wanted to wash them alright. 
With her tongue.
     
           	"Yeah, I'm sure I can help with that."  It took her only seconds
to get on her knees between Ari's legs, licking and sucking the teen's slim
thighs, then diving into the wet pussy.  Ken, who was going to go back upstairs,
decided to sit down and watch instead.
     
           	It was a show well worth watching.  After licking Ari's pussy to
a frothing, soaking mess, Sandy continued to lick between the girl's cheeks,
then up her back, down between her breasts, over her stomach, making another
detour between her legs, then back up for a kiss.  She was beside herself with
lust and actually had a small orgasm when Ari stretched her arms over her head
and smiled at her.  Sandy bit each nipple -- hard -- then continued using her
tongue on the newly-offered areas.  Arianwen was almost purring her pleasure,
and Ken was hard as stone by the time Sandy finished with Ari.  Jane too, was
none too steady, knowing that she was next.

          	The two women removed Jane's restraints, then Sandy began by
giving Jane a deep kiss.  Jane's breasts were the next target, as Sandy's tongue
licked and sucked Jane's shiny skin, paying special attention to the underside
of each one.  She then licked down Jane's firm stomach toward her cunt, which
she avoided in a effort to lick the slick juices off Jane's thighs.

          	"If there's anything that you'd like her to do, just tell her,
Sandy," said Ken.  "Remember, she's a slave and will follow your orders -- as
long as they don't contradict my own."

          	Sandy grinned like a kid in a candy store and soon had Jane
bending in all sorts of directions and panting like she'd run a marathon.  The
humiliating state that her body was in, combined with her ability to pick up on
Sandy's arousal, was really having an effect.  Finally Sandy had another orgasm
-- Ari was masturbating her while she licked Jane.  After that, they decided it
was time for the shower, so Ken left to go back inside.

          	Ellen and Kim arrived a short while later, then finally Bill and
Genie got there.  Eventually, everyone ended up in the dining room.  Sally and
Ari were naked, and Jane was mostly naked.  She'd been outfitted not only in a
corset, fastened even tighter than the last time she'd worn it, but also had her
wrists and elbows cuffed behind her, causing her chest to thrust out.  A tray
was attached to her waist, the outer edges of which were held up by lines
attached to her nipple bars.  It went without saying that anything set on the
tray would pull her nipples quite hard, just as it went without saying that
she'd be serving a lot of the meal.  Each slave, except for Kim, had already
been fed.

          	Ken stood and said, "Welcome, all of you, to the mansion.  This,
as you know, isn't the house-warming, but a dungeon-warming.  The house-warming
will be in a few weeks.
          	
          	"Tonight, I'm sure, will be a lot of fun.  I should mention that
Ari and Jane are my slaves and should be used as such, although I know that a
lot Jane's time has been claimed by Gary and Ellen.  And myself, of course,
since Ellen has offered to help me learn how to use a single tail.  The house
safe word, when you are not with your Master or Mistress, is 'red'.  My slaves
and Sally -- who, by the way, cooked the wonderful meal we're about to eat --
will remain naked while they serve the meal.  Now, let's eat."

          	As they all sat down, Ellen turned to Kim and said, "Strip and
kneel beside me."

          	Bill looked at Genie, who blushed and said, "I will if you want
me to, Master."

          	Bill was obviously a bit unsure, but smiled and nodded at her,
and soon Genie was naked and sitting beside him.  The first course arrived,
along with various drinks which had been set on Jane's tray.  She actually had
to lean back to keep the tray flat, and her tits were pulled into cones, the
nipples stretched by the heavy weight.  The evening had begun.

End Chapter 33




Avatar

Chapter 34

       	Once dinner was finished, drinks were collected, and the group moved
upstairs.  Ken threw open the large double-doors made from dark wood; the
dungeon was revealed.  Everyone walked in, oohing and aahing over the nice
set-up.  Ken had peeked in earlier, after Annette and Gary had finished putting
everything together, and he'd been quite impressed with the array of toys and
furniture that they'd gathered.  It was a nice set-up.  Nemetodunum was well
furnished, and Ken hadn't been in some of the rooms since they'd moved in.  He
and Eric had hunted around the rooms for some comfortable furniture and moved it
in earlier, but had left the bondage furniture spread around for "The Pros" to
arrange. There were some chairs and couches collected from various other rooms
in the mansion and it looked quite comfy; plus there was a small refrigerator,
and Ken had even discovered an actual wet bar set-up behind a pair of
beautifully carved oak doors.  He'd assumed it was a closet and had been
delighted to find it was another small room when he checked to see if anything
interesting was in it.  Whoever the previous owner had been, he'd liked his
comforts.

       	"Welcome, to..." Ken paused and smiled, then continued, "...well, we're
not an island, but welcome to Fantasy."  They all laughed, and Ken bowed. 
"Thanks to Gary and Annette for bringing those toys that I don't have or haven't
thought to purchase.  Please don't feel like you have to just jump in and start
playing around.  It's a beautiful night, there's food on the table downstairs,
the pool is nice and the hot tub is bubblin'.  Also, don't feel like you have to
play only in here -- just try to keep the, er, fluids off inappropriate
surfaces."

       	He turned to Gary and Annette and asked, "Didn't you offer to help me
with something before we got started?"

       	Gary grinned and said, "Oh, yeah."  He turned to Annette. "Pull out the
stuff while we get everything else set up."

       	"Yes, Master," she said, moving over to where there was a small, covered
pot.

       	Ken walked over to Jane, who was standing just inside the room, waiting
for him.  She knew something was up by the smile on his face.  The tray she'd
worn during dinner had been removed, but her nipples, which had borne a lot of
weight over the last hour or so, were very sore.  That, combined with the tight
corset and strict arm-bondage, had kept her very aroused.  Ken smiled and kissed
his slave, then grabbed a handful of her thick, braided hair and pulled her
roughly toward a wooden half-barrel.  Her corset and arm bindings were removed
with little consideration for the constriction her body parts had endured, and
she was roughly bent backwards over the barrel by Gary and Ken.  Her arms were
secured above her head, and a tight belt cut into her lower stomach, forcing her
back to arch with the barrel.  Each knee had a leather strap wrapped just above
it and was forced wide and out to the sides, fully exposing her lightly furred
cunt.  Ankle straps were attached and pulled tight, keeping her feet in place.

       	Annette guided Ken  helping him position cloth strips, then spreading
the hot wax that they used to denude Jane's mons and pussy lips of all the hair
that had built up.  The wax was hotter than it needed to be, and they were
anything but gentle.  Jane moaned and writhed as much as she was able as they
removed all the hair they could find.  When they finished, her mons was red and
puffy, as were her cunt lips, but she was slick with lubricant.  Her scent was
very strong and announced she was more than ready to serve in any way she was
wanted.

       	"Well, my poor, little slave has had the crap teased out of her for two
days," he said to the assembled group.  For some reason, no one had decided to
leave the dungeon while Jane was being attended to.  He turned to her and asked,
"Are you ready for your first orgasm of the night?"

       	"If Master wishes," came Jane's husky voice.  She was ready and more
than ready, as those of the Circle being bombarded with her arousal could
attest.

       	"Master wishes," replied Ken, picking up a strap.  He methodically began
to use it on her, starting at her extremities and working in toward the center
of her body.  The bottoms of her feet, calves, thighs, underarms, breasts and
belly were thoroughly whipped.  She was moaning and begging to cum by the time
Ken got to her belly.  Finally, after several hard slaps to her mons, he started
in on her swollen and spread pussy.  "Come for me, love," he said. "Show
everyone what a slut you are and how much you love to be whipped."

       	Two more shots directly to her pussy, both of which Ken ensured hit her
clit, sent Jane over the edge into a screaming orgasm that left no one in doubt
how hard she'd cum.  Ken didn't stop until she had another one, and powerful
bursts of energy flooded the senses of the Circle.  Sally was especially
affected, because she wasn't very experienced at handling the energy.  She
gasped and came as well, causing Eric to look at her in alarm.  She leaned over
and, smiling, whispered something into his ear.  He looked surprised, but nodded
and smiled back.

       	Ken leaned down and kissed Jane.  He had the edge taken off her arousal,
but she was far from sated.  However, she'd broken the ice, and now people were
spreading out to look at the various pieces of equipment the dungeon offered. 
Jane was released and roughly dragged over to a kneeling cross.  It was a
beautiful piece that was fully adjustable.  Ken had used his best guess to set
it up for Jane's measurements, and Jane soon found herself positioned on her
widely spread knees, with each arm pulled over the top crossbar, attached to
each other at the wrist., then to the base of the cross.  Each foot was pulled
off the floor and attached at the ankle to the top crossbar, forcing her weight
onto her knees.  Her knees didn't bear all her weight for long, because there
was a rather narrow shelf that Ken pushed between her spread cunt lips.  The
shelf was very adjustable, thanks to a clever screw arrangement that Gary had
built into the cross, and Ken snugged the shelf so it was deep in her crotch. 
Her back was arched forcing her tits forward, so that the large, firm globes
became perfect targets.  Ken decided to leave her there for a while, knowing
that over time the position would become more painful.

       	He turned and looked around to discover that Arianwen was on her knees
in front of Annette, eagerly sucking her pussy.  Ellen had Kim in the frame and
was preparing to whip her, while Sally was tied in a chair with no seat, which
forced her legs wide and exposed her entire cunt.  Eric was wrapping layers of
hemp rope around the base of each breast, forcing the nipples to distend and
leak a little milk.  Gary was showing Bill how to do something that involved
Genie being put in a hog-tie.

       	Sandy walked over to Ken, dropped to her knees and spoke in a nervous
voice. "I know that I'm not a slave, but do you think that you could tie me up?" 
She colored and said, "I would really like it, and if you were planning on
fucking me, you could use that table to tie me to."

       	He leaned down, kissed her and said, "I'm sure that we can find
something that will keep your attention.  You know," he smiled, "Jane has a
mouth here that's just at the right height for a nice, wet pussy like yours.  It
looks like a very lonely mouth."

       	Sandy stood and smiled, then spread her legs and backed up into Jane's
tongue, groaning as it speared her sex.  Soon she was rotating her hips and
moaning while Jane licked and sucked her.  Satisfied that his guests were
getting into the swing of things, so to speak, Ken wandered over to where Gary
and Bill were now working on Arianwen.  Gary had found that the small teen could
be tied very, very tightly in positions so restrictive that they amounted to
breath-control play.

       	Jane was left on the cross for a while so anyone who desired to used her
mouth.  Gary showed Ken some basics of suspension using Arianwen, who was in her
glory -- especially when tight clamps with heavy weights were attached to her
nipples.   At one point, Annette was tied on her knees, with her ankles attached
to a pole and her wrists attached to her ankles.  A long dildo gag was inserted
in her mouth, and she then took her Master in her asshole while he used a short,
leather whip on her back and ass.  Bill made Genie crawl over and lick the woman
clean, then buggered Annette himself at Gary's invitation.  Genie was required
to lick Annette clean again, then a third time after Ken fucked her.  Annette
came at least once each time and Genie was going nuts.

       	Ellen led Kim, who was on her hands and knees, to where Jane was still
bound to the cross.  Ken walked over to join them.

       	"Well," Ellen purred. "This is the perfect position for a little
tit-whipping.  But, if you want that single tail lesson, you might want to start
on a less sensitive target."

       	"Oh, I don't know about that," replied Ken.  "Shall we ask the slave?"

       	Jane was flying high.  She'd spent a lot of time sucking various
pussies, and, in Genie's case, her asshole, and Ken and Eric had both come on
her face.  Her body was straining and in pain and she felt she was ready for
about anything.

       	"Would you like me to use your tits for target practice?"

       	"Goddess yes, Master, please!"

       	"Shall we begin?" asked Ken, turning to Ellen.

       	"If you're sure," she replied. Ken nodded, and Ellen turned to Kim and
said, "Get the mask, cunt."

       	Kim blushed and started to stand, only to get the end of the coiled whip
across her ass, adding another welt to the bunch that were already there.

       	"Did I say you could stand up?  You're embarrassing me.  Now, hurry up!"

       	Ken could feel a surge of lust from Kim as she was reprimanded.  There
was a ton of energy in the air now, and Ken found that he was able to feed back
some of it to the other men.  Eric, Gary and Bill started finding it very easy
to get and stay hard.  Each one had already come twice, and Ken knew that they
weren't close to being done for the evening.  There was a lot being tapped off,
as well; Ken could feel Lea in his mind, her presence a happy, lustful hum.  Kim
returned with a thick leather mask in her mouth and kneeled up, offering it to
her Mistress.  Ellen took it and petted Kim, much as one would a dog, then
turned to Ken.

       	"Since we're using your slut's tits for target practice," she said,
"let's put this on her.  Accidents happen and all that."

       	The mask was of heavy leather and was more of a helmet than a mask.  It
buckled securely to Jane's head, protecting her face and the sides of her head,
and extended down to cover the front of her throat.  It went without saying that
she was unable to see through it and thus would be unable to anticipate the
blows that her breasts would be receiving.

       	They started slowly, and Ellen found Ken a quick study.  It wasn't long
before Jane's torso was covered with welts delivered by both of them.  It was
obvious by the moans and groans that Jane was really enjoying herself, and
finally Ken stepped back to let Ellen enjoy herself.  He removed the shelf from
between Jane's legs, and she groaned in relief, her sex aching from the constant
pressure of the hard wood.  She was really sore now, but that didn't stop Ellen,
who was realizing just how turned on the pain made Jane.

       	Everyone gathered around as Ellen began to demonstrate her expertise
with the whip.  She didn't crack it on Jane's skin, which would have torn it,
cutting her deeply.  Ken knew that Jane would have totally gotten off on that,
and, unlike someone not of the Circle, there would be no lasting damage to her
body.  Ken was certain that Ellen would eventually be Circle, and Jane would end
up at the end of that whip, but now was not the time.  Still, Jane's breasts and
belly had spots of blood on them, as did her ass, as Ellen expertly brought the
woman to several orgasms using the single tail.  She was utterly amazed at
Jane's stamina, how she just absorbed everything Ellen did and silently managed
to ask for more.

       	They took a break after that, or rather some of them did.  Jane was
removed from the cross and taken over to the suspension rig.  Ken had her bend
at the waist, which caused her heavy breasts to dangle, and he wrapped the base
of each one tightly with hemp rope. Next, she was put on her stomach with one of
the uprights between her thighs, pressing against her sore pussy; her knees were
bent, and her big toes tied to the pole.  Then, Ken pulled her arms over and
behind her head, tying her wrists to the pole between her legs.  This forced her
back into an extreme arch and added more pressure on her cunt.  Finally, a rope
was attached to the ropes that were at the base of her breasts, pulled to the
opposite pole and tightened, pulling them cruelly.  Finally, he sank a J-shaped
metal dildo into her tight asshole and attached the other end to her braid.

       	Before he walked away, he tightened the breast ropes again, putting even
more stress on each breast.  Meanwhile, Arianwen had been put into the small
cage, and Genie and Annette were tied into a sixty-nine position.  While the
Doms refreshed themselves, they retied Sandy to the table.  Finally, they
positioned Sally and Kim on top of Ari's cage, which, not coincidentally, was
sitting on a tarp with raised edges.  They were tied facing each other, coils of
rope forcing their bodies together.  Each had their elbows tied together, then
their wrists tied to the top of the cage.  Ari had been positioned in the cage
with her head pulled back and a ring gag in her mouth.  It was a very
uncomfortable position for all concerned, but no one was voicing any complaints.

       	While the male Doms conversed and casually teased Sandy, occasionally
sliding their cocks into her mouth, asshole or pussy, Ellen amused herself by
whipping Kim, whose back was streaked with red welts, with a knotted cat.  Kim
and Sally were kissing and grinding their tits into each other.  Ari was more
than a bit frustrated, since there were two pussies just above her mouth, and
she couldn't get to either one of them.  Ken left Sandy to Eric and Gary -
currently one was in her mouth and one in her asshole -- and walked over to the
cage.  Ellen looked at him, smiled and gave him a deep kiss.

       	"Mmm, am I going to get that hard cock of yours in me?"

       	"I'm sure I can arrange that.  In fact, I think it would be fun to fuck
you while Genie was using her tongue on that fine ass of yours," replied Ken.

       	"Ohh, that sounds like a real blast.  You think Bill will let her go?"

       	"I'm sure if you let him play with Kim, he'll have no problem with it."

       	Hearing her name, Kim spoke up.  "Mistress, I hate to say this, but, um,
I really need to pee."

       	"Of course you do, slut," said Ellen.  "Why do you think you're sitting
there like that?  Let loose whenever you want."

       	Kim looked down at Ari, trapped in the cage, head up and mouth open,
then at Sally whose pussy would surely be sprayed, as well.  She remembered
peeing in the other girl's mouth earlier in the week, but really didn't grasp
Ari's intense interest in water-sports.  Besides, Kim had been kind of out of it
at the time and not concentrating on much.

       	"But, Mistress, if I do that, it's going to get all over Arianwen and
Sally," replied Kim, obviously without thinking.

       	Ellen was at her slave's side in a second.  She grabbed a handful of
hair and pulled Kim's head back.  "Unless you want to take her place, you'd
better start emptying your bladder."

       	Kim turned flame red with embarrassment, especially since now she was
the center of attention.  Genie and Annette had been released by Eric.  Gary was
tightening the rope attached to Jane's tits, pulling on them even more and
causing them to turn a dark shade of red.  Bill was watching, but had his cock
pushed deeply into Sandy's throat.  She had saliva and cum dripping down her
face, and Ken could feel that she was one happy woman.  Kim wasn't happy,
exactly, but being embarrassed had an effect on her, and her lust was rising
even higher than it had been.  Ellen tightened her grip and continued to speak.

       	"C'mon, Kim, you know you want to do it.  Let go; let everyone here
watch you piss on that helpless little teenager, down there."

       	"Oh, Mistress, I can't.  Please, it's so..."

       	"I wasn't asking you, slut.  Do it, or you'll find yourself in that cage
instead of her.  Maybe that's what you want?"

       	"No, no, Mistress, please no!"

       	Shortly thereafter, to Kim's mortification, the sound of her bladder
releasing became evident.  Ellen kept a grip on her hair, keeping her from
hiding her face in Sally's shoulder.  She apparently had to go pretty bad
because it shot out, spraying Sally's cunt with the hot liquid.  Sally groaned
-- her appreciation for water-sports had grown since her exposure to Ari.  As
soon as Kim's stream began to peter out, Sally let loose, spraying the other
woman and continuing to drench the teen under them.  Of course, since her mouth
was forced open, Ari swallowed some, but a lot streamed over her pale, cramped
body.

       	Ken tightened Jane's breast rope yet again.  She was panting now as her
large breasts were pulled into tight, red balls and away from her body, and her
pussy was being ground into the pole from her stressed position.  While Bill,
Eric and Gary removed Sandy from the table and pushed into each of her holes,
Ken used a thin cane on Jane's tits and exposed armpits, welting each area anew. 
Jane was humping her cunt into the pole in an effort to get enough friction to
cum.  She didn't, and Ken left her there to stand by Ellen.

       	Ellen was really getting off on watching Sandy get it from all ends. 
She also had Annette by the hair and was pushing the sub's face into her cunt,
obviously enjoying the woman's pierced tongue.  Genie knelt behind Ellen,
spreading her cheeks and pushing her tongue into the exposed back hole.  As Ken
watched, Ellen jerked and came.

       	Eventually, they released Sally and Kim and had them pull Arianwen out
of the cage and cuff her wrists behind her.  Ari knelt in the puddle and licked
both women to orgasm as thanks for peeing on her.  Sandy, covered with cum,
walked shakily onto the tarp, and Ari began licking the sperm from her body.  As
she got to Sandy's pussy, Sandy held the other's head to her pussy and sprayed
the teen's mouth with a stream of urine.  Ari took as much as she could, then
continued to lick the rest of the cum that she could reach from Sandy.  Ken told
them to take Ari into the bathroom and wash themselves.  They were to wash
Arianwen off, but not dry her.

       	While they were gone, he released Jane, but only to change her position. 
She was soon suspended by Gary's clever rope work, and Gary was working his cock
into her mouth while Ken slid into her tender asshole.  The metal J-dildo that
her hair had been tied to had been sliding around with every movement of her
head, and having Ken's cock stretch her ass while Gary choked off her breath
with his cock made her convulse with an orgasm.

       	When they finished, Gary was about to release Jane when Eric stepped up
and asked him to wait.  He smiled and slid his huge cock into Jane's dripping
snatch with one push, stretching her small hole and hitting her cervix.  Jane
liked that, and grunted her approval.  Genie got under her and started nibbling
on her large clit, while Eric's cock sawed in and out of her.

       	It was getting late and people were pretty tired, but Ken had one more
thing to do.  Once Arianwen was pulled from the bathroom, dripping wet, Ken used
hemp to tie her to the same cross where Jane had started her evening.  He made
sure to securely affix her upper body to the cross with extra rope crossing
between her tiny breasts.  The ropes were very tight, cutting into her wet skin. 
The major difference in how she was positioned was that, unlike when Jane was
there, there was no shelf for her pussy.  Instead, a thick dildo was slid very
deeply into her and held inside with a pole.  Ken took a stand and positioned a
Violet wand under her.  Now, unless Ari held quite still, the wand would shock
her clit -- something that she discovered when Ken tweaked a wet nipple.  He
left her there when Gary called his name.

       	When Ken joined Gary, Arianwen started to wonder what they were doing. 
However, every time she moved her hips, the wand shocked her clit.  The tight
bondage aroused her, but she wasn't as into pain in her pussy as Jane was.  On
the other hand, the voltage wasn't very high, so it just felt like a very
intense vibrator and very arousing.

       	Gary opened a kit and set it on a small table.  In a quiet voice, Gary
asked Ken, "Are you going to make them permanent?"

       	"Yeah," he replied.  "She wants to be marked as my slave, since she now
officially is."

       	Gary grinned and said, "In that case, would like to use these?"

       	He held up a small box that contained a pair of U-shaped rings, each
with bars that would go through each nipple.  Small shields inlaid with silver
Celtic designs could be placed behind each bar.  They were absolutely beautiful.

       	"Those are amazing," said Ken.  "Annette's work?"

        	Gary nodded.

       	"How much are they?" asked Ken.

       	"We'll talk about it later, huh?  Right now, it looks like your slave is
close to cumming."

       	Ari was indeed no longer avoiding the touch of the wand, but seeking it
out.  Ken stopped that by upping the power to it.  Ari, her cunt dripping wet,
was writhing in lust, but now trying once again to keep the wand off her clit. 
Annette didn't help matters any when she bent Ari's head back and gave her a
deep kiss.  Then, while the men continued to talk, Annette put on leg on the
cross bar and pushed her pussy into Ari's face.  Ari eagerly attacked it,
pulling a quick, hard orgasm from the older woman.  Then Sandy was there,
kissing Ari's lips and licking Annette's cum from the teen's mouth.

       	Eric finally came inside Jane.  He couldn't remember ever cumming this
often or this easily in life.  Of course, his wife had been funneling energy to
him the entire evening, but he didn't know that.  When he pulled out, Genie was
right there, sucking his cum from Jane's spasming pussy and sliding her tongue
deep to suck out the cum Ken had left in her asshole.  She'd caught on to what
Jane liked and dug her fingernails into Jane's enlarged clit, pushing the woman
over the edge as she struggled and squirmed in her suspension.  By the time Ken
was ready to continue, Eric and Bill had released Jane.

       	They all gathered around Arianwen, knowing that something was about to
happen.

       	"Arianwen recently asked to be my slave, and have the same status and be
treated the same way as Jane." announced Ken. "I have agreed and decided to use
this occasion to mark her as mine."

       	Jane, free to move around for the first time in many hours, walked
around Ari and held her head, licking and kissing the girl's neck and rubbing
her straining shoulders.  She used her nails to lightly scratch the teen's small
breasts, now completely flat due to her position.  Only her dusky, turgid
nipples rose as thick nubs from the pale skin, and Jane sharply tweaked each
one.  While Arianwen didn't like painful stimulation on her pussy, her nipples
were another matter entirely.

       	Gary and Ken had been discussing the procedure, and Ken was sure he'd
have no problem.  Gary was going to oversee, but was also sure Ken would have no
problem.

       	"Hmm," said Ken.  "I think that we're going to need things a little more
erect if we're going to proceed."

       	Of course, several of the women offered to help with that, but Ken
laughed and picked up a small whip with a large number of thin, rubber strands.

       	"Thanks, ladies, but it wasn't me I was talking about," he chuckled.

       	If nothing else, one quick way to arouse Ari, besides peeing on her, was
to whip or otherwise stimulate her breasts.  Jane's tweaks had whetted her
appetite, but Ken knew she'd be able to take much more.  Besides, most of
whatever stimulation anyone provided to her tits went right to her clit.  Ken
carefully turned her small right breast a deep red, the welts showing clearly on
her pale skin.  Of course, her nipple became even more erect than before, and
Ken had to up the voltage on the wand to keep her from cumming.  Then he took
the piercing forceps and caught the nipple between the jaws, closing them just
enough to hold it firmly.  Gary handed him the needle and, as Arianwen watched,
Ken slowly slid it through her right nipple.

       	Her whole body stiffened with pain.  She'd never felt anything like
this, and it was a good thing her upper body was bound so tightly.  Ken felt
pain race through her breast, and she lost control of her hips so her clit
tapped the wand.  She came so hard she almost passed out but no one watching,
especially those of the Circle, had any doubt that she'd had one of the most
intense orgasms of her life.

       	Only Gary was alarmed and he moved to quickly begin releasing the teen,
but was stopped by Ken's arm, which had somehow become an immovable bar.

       	"She's fine, Gary.  Just give her a second," said Ken.

       	Ari's head was hanging, and she was whispering "Oh, Goddess" over and
over again.  Her chest, face and belly were flushed red, and her skin was
shining with sweat.  When she looked up, her eyes were glazed, and Gary
recognized the look of someone deep in subspace.

       	"It's okay, Master Gary, really.  I've just never come that hard in my
life."  Ari's voice was quiet, even for someone as into subspace as she was.

       	Ken slid the bar through her nipple, causing more tremors and more small
orgasms in the girl.  Her scent, her little moans and the fluid oozing down the
pole left no one in doubt about how she felt.  Soon, the shiny bar was through
her nipple with the ring attached.

       	Ken picked up the whip and began to work on her other breast.  That
piercing also caused another huge orgasm, and finally Arianwen was marked as
Ken's slave.  She felt it, somehow, deep inside her.  There was no doubt in her
mind that she now belonged to Ken, Lea and Jane, and despite the sexual high she
was on, she knew that she'd never felt so complete in her life.

       	They moved the wand away and removed the pole from the teen's red sex. 
Jane immediately began licking up the thick fluids Ari was producing and got yet
another orgasm from the girl.  Then Ari, Ken and Jane all shared a long kiss. 
When they looked up, everyone else began clapping and smiling, almost as if
they'd just witnessed a marriage.  They had sensed something when Ari had
received her second ring and knew that this had been a very special moment.

       	Sally joined them as they untied Ari, and Ari kissed her deeply, as
well.  Amazingly, Arianwen was actually sated, something that Ken had doubted
could ever happen.

       	"Thank you, Sister," said Ari after the kiss.

       	"Congratulations, my Priestess," replied Sally in a low voice.  Gary
caught the comment, but Ken was too busy assessing the ramifications of Sally's
comment to give any attention to his notice.  It appeared that Sally knew that
Arianwen was a High Priestess when Ari herself still had not yet recognized it. 
Jane knew that she'd been joined, but then, she'd known when it had actually
happened.

       	Once Ari was released, people began heading downstairs toward the pool
and hot tub.  Ari, Ken and Jane took a quick shower, with Ken and Jane gently
washing Ari.  Every movement of the rings brought an answer from her clit, and
she stayed very aroused and a bit unfocused.  Sally jumped into a shower with
Eric, but not for long.  The baby needed to be fed.

       	Eventually they all ended up by the small pool, with Annette, Ellen and
Kim sitting in the hot tub.

       	Jane and Ari were cuddling together on a lounge, and Ken went in to grab
some food.  People had that exhausted-but-happy feeling that comes after
extremely good sex.

       	After a while, people began drifting off and things began winding down
for the evening.  Ken knew from his connection with the manor that Eric wandered
off with Ellen and Kim, while Gary, Annette, Bill, Sandy and Genie stayed in the
hot tub, talking.  Ken and the rest of the Circle retired to the master bedroom. 
All in all, Ken was very satisfied with the outcome of the party.

      End Chapter 34




Avatar

Chapter 35

      	For the first time, Sally joined Ken, Jane and Ari in the bedroom.  They
were at the point where closeness was what they wanted more than sex.  She
hesitated slightly before climbing in with them, but Jane took her hand and
kissed her, pulling her down where she was caught by Ken and Arianwen.  They
piled into the bed and drifted off to sleep.  Ken opened his eyes minutes later
to see that he, Jane and Ari, were on the small beach by the stream where Jane
had been dedicated to Lea.  Of course, the Goddess Herself was there, as well. 
They kissed and hugged, Ari moving like she was in a dream, then sat down on the
pillows that appeared on the blanket they were on. 
     
      	"I would say," began Lea, "that your party was quite a success."
     
      	"I'd have to agree," replied Ken.  Lea was all but glowing with power. 
She smiled at him, knowing his thoughts.  "And I also see there's been a change
in status for one of my Priestesses."
     
      	Ari was sprawled more or less across both Ken and Jane, radiating
bone-deep contentment.  She didn't even realize that she wasn't dreaming, never
mind that they were talking about her.  For her, this was a dream -- her
Goddess, Master and Priestess were with her, and she was too content think about
anything.
     
      	"Arianwen," said Lea.
     
      	Ari's eyes snapped open, the realization that this wasn't a dream
flooding through her.  Energy replaced lassitude, and she was quickly on her
knees in front of her Goddess.
     
       	"Mistress," she said bowing her head to the blanket.
      
       	Lea sighed gently and looked at Ken. 

	"It isn't my fault," he said.  "Jane's been training her."
      
       	"Stand, love," said Lea.
      
       	Ari quickly stood, and Lea embraced her, then gave her a deep kiss.  Ari
almost melted from the Goddess's touch, her body shivering back into a state of
arousal.
      
       	"You were my Priestess," said Lea, "And you may continue as such.  But,
you can be more, if you desire.  Jane is a High Priestess, which is a different
matter than being a Priestess.  If you were to leave my service now, your life
would continue almost as it was before.  The power that you have now would
quickly diminish until you were as other humans.  However, if you bind yourself
to me as a High Priestess, that is a different matter.  You could not easily
leave my service, and if you did, your life would most likely be very short. 
Plus, there are those that would take you and kill you just because of what you
once were.
      
       	"I do not tell you this to frighten you.  But you are young in years and
experience, and I want you to know the consequences of your actions."
      
       	Ari looked at the woman in front of her, tears in her eyes.  She had a
smile on her face, and her nude body was held in a stance of anticipation.  Ken
could tell it was all she could do not to drop to her knees again.  Ari just
stood and looked at Lea.
      
       	"I see," smiled Lea.  "Welcome, my love."  They kissed again and
Arianwen almost fainted from the intensity.  Ken and Jane held each other close
as Ari joined the Goddess in a way that only they could understand.  Lea looked
up from her kiss, and Ken and Jane joined the two for hugs and more kisses. 
      
       	They stayed in Her realm for a while, just relaxing and enjoying Her
presence.  Ken especially enjoyed the sight of Arianwen and Lea getting into a
splash fight in the stream.  He was utterly astonished when Jane crept from his
side and took Lea by 'surprise' from behind.  He knew that he was in trouble
when all three of them looked at him.
      
       	Ken allowed himself to be dragged into the refreshing water and dunked
-- several times.  At one point, he found his sense of self almost dissolving in
a kiss with Lea and they ended up back on the blanket with his cock sheathed in
her very hot sex.  The four of them had a short, but very intense love making
session, and Ken wondered how many other people got to actually have sex with a
Goddess.
      
      	Finally, it was time to go.  Lea kissed each of them in turn, starting
with Ken and ending with Arianwen.  However, after kissing Ari, she looked at
the girl as if noticing the nipple rings for the first time.
      
       	"Those are very beautiful, Arianwen," she said taking the rings in her
fingers.  Needless to say, Ari was a little sore which, also needless to say,
she found quite arousing.  Nipple play excited her an amazing amount.  Lea began
tugging on the rings, and flames of lust raced through Ari's body.  Ken thought
he saw crackles of forest-green energy coat the rings and sink into Ari's
nipples.  Certainly something happened, because the girl stiffened and came, her
orgasm drawing out for a long, long time.  The light dimmed, and just before
they lapsed back into sleep, Ken heard Her say, "Enjoy my gift to you, Minx."
      
       	It wasn't too late in the morning when Ken woke.  Sally was gone,
unfortunately, and Jane was spooning with Ari, both of them deeply asleep.  He
slipped out of bed and into the room that he'd designated as a practice room for
martial arts.  He stayed there for an hour or so, stretching and running through
some of his forms.  He headed back to the bedroom for a shower, then went
downstairs. 

       	Sally had fixed a brunch, and people were relaxing by the pool.  Ellen
and Kim were on a lounge, Kim laying face up between Ellen's legs, blissfully
asleep.  Bill and Genie were laying side by side on a towel holding hands. Sally
was feeding the baby, and Eric was talking with Gary.  Sandy was in the pool,
swimming laps.
      
       	They all greeted Ken as he sat down and started eat.
      
       	"You are an excellent cook, Sandy," he said.
      
       	"Thank you, Master Ken," she said, popping the baby's mouth off one
brown nipple then offering the other one.  Christine gurgled in contentment at
the new offering and went back to eating. 
      
       	Ken chuckled and said, "Looks like Christine agrees."
      
       	"She's been very happy since we got here.  She fussed a lot before I ...
well, before we came here, but now she doesn't fuss at all.  It's nice, but a
little strange."
      
       	Ken looked at the baby.  He really had no desire to have one of his own
but wondered if Jane or Arianwen wanted children.  Time slowed and seemed to
shift around him, and he saw a girl, perhaps 10 or 11 standing before him,
naked.  She was slim and coltish, as girls often were at that age, but tall. 
Her hair was white blond, her nipples dark like her mother's, and she was
flushed with sexual arousal -- and a great deal of anger.  Her fists were balled
at her sides, but it was clear she was displaying her body defiantly, sexually,
as if in challenge to someone.
      
       	The scene shifted again.  The girl had grown to a woman, tall and
strong.  She was dressed in a black, tight-fitting suit that suggested some kind
of body armor, and she and Ken were back to back.  They were outside, the sky
black with storm clouds as torrential rain poured and lightening flashed through
the sky.  They were defending themselves against indistinct attackers who seemed
endless in their numbers.  None survived being close to the two of them, but
there were so many...
      
       	Abruptly he was back at the table, and Sally was looking at him
strangely.
      
       	"Are you OK?"
      
       	"Yeah," he replied, wondering what the hell that was all about.  Had he
seen a fantasy of Sally's?  Christine's?  No, that didn't make sense, nor had it
felt like a fantasy.  That was odd.
      
       	"For just a second, I felt, I don't know, something," she said.
      
       	"No, I'm OK," he said.  "I ... well, something did happen, but I'm not
sure what it was."
      
       	The moment passed, and eventually Ari and Jane came downstairs and began
to put away some serious food.  Gary walked over and sat down with them.
      
       	"How do you feel this morning, Ari?" asked Gary
      
       	"Mmm, wonderful Sir.  What did you have in mind?"  The tone of her voice
left little doubt what she had in mind.
      
       	Gary chuckled and said, "I don't want to wear you out.  You're such a
tiny little thing."
      
       	Ari smiled at him as she stood with plate in hand, and a second later,
Gary had a lap full of naked teen.   She sat sideways so she could continue to
decimate her Belgian waffle.  Gary, for some reason trying to stave off the
inevitable, looked at her piercings.  Then looked again.  Ken felt his shock as
he realized there was no redness or swelling and they appeared completely
healed.  That was because they were completely healed, but Gary knew that was
impossible.
      
       	"Maybe we should talk about aftercare for your piercings," he said. 
Ken, following his thoughts, knew he was probing for information.  Nipple
piercings did NOT heal overnight.  "Especially considering your fondness for
certain kinds of rather unsanitary play."
      
       	"I don't think it'll be a problem, Sir.  I heal very fast.  In fact,
they already feel just fine.  Why don't you pull them a little to make sure?" 
she said as she thrust her small chest out.
      
       	Gary, still not believing his eyes, gently took a ring between his
fingers.  That was when Ken found out what Lea had done to Ari.  She groaned,
and he, and the rest of the Circle, felt her body flood with arousal.  It felt
like her nipples now had the same connection to her brain as her clit. 
      
       	Ken looked closely at his little slave, and it felt like time slowed. 
Her skin began to glow, then the glow resolved into tracings of white light
running through her body, clusters that connected to each other and were
centered on her erogenous zones.  The thickest of these clusters was in her
groin, but there were two other clusters, only very slightly thinner, that
resided where her nipples were.  Ken realized that Lea had somehow added to the
teen's nervous system so that her nipples were, indeed, almost as reactive to
sexual pleasure as her clit.  Very interesting.  Time resumed its normal pace,
and he watched Gary drop the piercing as if it were hot.
      
       	"Shit Ari," he said, "I'm sorry!  I didn't realize they still hurt so
much."
      
       	Ari, who'd forgotten all about her food, spun and straddled his lap,
facing him.
      
       	"Master Gary, please don't stop.  That felt amazing!  Please, please,
Master, play with them more.  Please, I'd like an orgasm, Sir," said the panting
girl.
   
      	Now that her legs were spread and her hot little cunt resting on Gary's
bulging cock, moisture began leaking from her.  Her scent, hot and needy, made
him forget his concern and he took both rings in his fingers and began pulling
again.  Ari's hand whipped between her legs, but Ken's sharp command stopped
her. 

       	"Put your hands behind your back, Ari," he said.
   
       	She was panting and rotating her hips, sweat breaking out on her pale
skin.  "Yes Master," she gasped. "May I please cum?"
   
       	"That's up to Master Gary, love," Ken replied.
   
       	She just looked at him, and he nodded.  Arianwen leaned back, causing
the rings to pull her nipples very hard, and came, her body shaken by a strong
climax.  She continued to try and lean further, but Gary, afraid of damaging her
nipples, grabbed her behind her shoulders and held her.
   
       	"Please, oh Goddess, please, I'm so close.  One more?"
   
       	Gary started tugging gently again, and Ari continued to beg, "Oh
Goddess, tug it, twist a little, oh guh... uh, aaaAAH!"  she came again, her
stomach muscles rippling and her cunt drooling on Gary's shorts.  She leaned
forward and hugged him.
   
       	"Thank you, thank you," she purred.  "Sir," she whispered, "Is there
anything I can do for you?"
   
       	Now Gary, Ken knew, was proud of his sexual stamina, and with good
reason.  But until Ari sat in his lap, he'd been well sated from the previous
evening, with little arousal left in his body.  He'd come quite a few times last
night, and figured it'd be a while before he felt this wildly aroused.  He was
wrong, and soon the teen was giving him another blow job, right there at the
table.  Ari's actions caused lustful energy to spiral out to encompass everyone
in the area.  Soon, groups of two's and three's were making love.  Jane and Ken
were no exception, and they kissed lovingly as they walked to the other end of
the pool where a small diving board was.
   
       	Ken had Jane lay her with her chest on the rough surface, then proceeded
to fuck her from behind.  As always, she was tight enough that he had to almost
force his way into her.  She groaned and held tightly onto the board, her
breasts being chafed by the rough surface as he plowed into her.  She came, then
came again as he emptied his cum into her.  Pulling her off the board, they
stood and kissed.  She knelt and licked their spend off his cock and they looked
around.  Most of the others were finished as well, but Ken was treated to the
sight of Genie on her hands and knees being fucked by Eric.  She was
tongue-fucking Annette's asshole as the woman lay on her back with her legs up
to her shoulders.  She was deep-throating Bill, who was just then cumming. 

       	The Minx strikes again, thought Ken.  Apparently becoming a High
Priestess had increased her area of effect.
   
       	They all rinsed off in the shower by the pool and settled down for some
serious lounging.  Ellen and Kim decided to leave at around two, and Ken went to
talk to them.
      
       	"You guys need to take off?" he asked.
      
       	"Well," said Ellen, "We don't really have anything else to wear, and we
don't want to overstay our welcome."  They didn't want to go, he knew, but they
were afraid that if they stayed now, they wouldn't want to leave until Monday. 
Ellen really didn't want to leave, since she hadn't gotten any of his cock.
      
       	"Ellen," he said seriously, "you should feel free to leave if you want. 
But you guys are more than welcome to stay.  Tonight, tomorrow night, till next
month -- I don't care, and neither do Ari or Jane.  We like having you here." 
      
       	"I..." she began, embarrassed by his offer.
      
       	"Mistress Ellen," said Jane slipping into the Domme's arms, "really. 
You can stay as long as you want." 
      
       	Ellen's senses were filled with Jane's scent and the feel of her warm
body pressing against her own.  She couldn't help but react, her pussy swelling
and getting wet, as she imagined using her whip on this beautiful woman again.
      
       	"Yes, Mistress," whispered Jane, "you can have that, and more.  But
truly, if you need to leave, or you're uncomfortable, we won't keep you."  She
slid, reluctantly, out of Ellen's arms.  Ellen was flustered enough that she
didn't even think to question how Jane had known what she was thinking.  Jane,
of course, had just slid into the brief fantasy that Ellen had had.
      
       	Ellen looked down at Kim, kneeling at her feet and asked, "What do you
think?"
      
       	"I think, Mistress," replied the woman, "that I should go get enough
clothes for us to stay until Monday morning."
      
       	Ellen looked at a grinning Ken and said, "Do you ever wonder who's
actually running things around here?"
      
       	Ken laughed and replied, "Jane, do you want to go with Kim to help her
pick up clothes?"
      
       	"Oh, no Master, it's okay, I don't need..."
      
       	"Kim," came Ellen's sharp voice.  "You will take Jane and you will obey
her commands as if they were mine."
      
       	"Yes, Mistress," responded Kim.
      
       	Ellen looked at Ken, who looked at Jane.  "Well," he said, "you have
your instructions.  Just don't get into an accident."
      
       	Jane smiled and looked down at Kim.  "I'm sure we'll be fine, Master,"
she replied.  Of course, the main thing running through Jane's mind was how she
could best satisfy Kim.
      
       	While they were gone, Ken decided to relax on a lounge in the sun. 
Everyone else was napping, except Ari and Sandy who were under a stand of trees
not too far away, holding hands and talking as they walked in the shade.  Gary
plopped himself down next to Ken.

      	"You said you'd explain about how Arianwen could do what she did the
other day," said Gary.  "And last night, that piercing was more than just you
marking her your slave."  He paused and looked thoughtful.  "What, exactly, is
she a Priestess of?"

       	Ken sighed and looked at Gary.  He didn't want to lie to the man, but he
had no way of knowing how he'd react to the truth.  He decided to just ease his
way into an explanation.
      
	"A religion that worships sex," replied Ken.  "So are Jane and Sally. "
       
	Gary looked at Ken sharply.  He didn't seem to be a nut, but he also
seemed to be perfectly serious.
       
	"What about you?" he asked.  "Where do you stand in this ...  religion?"
       
	"Look Gary, I don't want to offend you or anything.  People can be very
uptight when it comes to religion."
       
	"You're not gonna offend me.  I've been an Atheist all my life.  Just
because I don't believe doesn't mean that I think no one else should."
       
	"Just out of curiosity, why are you an Atheist?" asked Ken.
       
	"You answer first," grinned Gary.
       
	"OK, I'm a Priest," replied Ken.
       
	"There's no proof," said Gary, "And no way *to* prove anything.  At
least, not until you're dead, and by then it might be a little late."

	"What is proof?" asked Ken.
       
	"Good question," he replied. 
       
	Eric walked over and decided to sit down.  He'd heard what they were
talking about, and was still wrestling with issues himself.  His fight was about
over though, Ken sensed.  There was just too much evidence around him to
disbelieve his senses.
       
	"May I join in?" he asked.
        
	"Sure," replied Gary.  "We were just going to discuss what constitutes
proof that a God exists."
        
	"Or Goddess," smiled Eric.  Yup, Ken though, Eric was all but Circle.
        
	"Suppose," started Ken, "you could actually talk to your Goddess?"
        
	"People talk to god all the time," replied Gary, "problem is, he never
responds."
        
	"What if She did respond," said Eric.  "What if you could actually see
Her, touch Her?"
        
	"What, she'd just appear in front of you?" laughed Gary.  "OK, so she
does.  Then what?  How does she prove she's a goddess?"
        
         "Suppose," replied Eric, "She knew what you were thinking.  Suppose She
could take you somewhere in the blink of an eye, a place you'd never been? 
Suppose," he continued in a softer voice, "you could actually see Her work
magic?"
        
	Gary smiled and replied, "I quote 'Any sufficiently advanced technology
is indistinguishable from magic.'"  Then he said, narrowing his eyes at Eric,
"Are you a Priest, too?"
        
	Eric laughed and just said, "Nope."
        
	More people joined the conversation, tossing ideas this way and that. 
Ken saw that Gary noticed that he added little to the conversation, and that
Sally and Ari were mostly silent as well.  When Ken got up to get something to
drink, Gary followed him.
        
	"If you're a Priest," he said, his tone curious, "why aren't you
defending your position?"
        
	"I don't need to.  We were discussing what constitutes proof of a
Goddess.  I know what constitutes proof for me.  I have that proof and have
presented it to you, or rather Eric did with his questions."
        
	"You're telling me that you've met a god."
        
	"I have never met a god," replied Ken.  He was back at his seat before
Gary remembered that Eric had been talking about a Goddess.
        
	Sally, Genie and Sandy went inside to start preparing dinner, and Bill
and Ken got up to fire up the grill.  Arianwen was laying, naked of course, with
her head in Annette's equally naked lap.  Annette had participated in the
conversation, but Ari had just lain there, enjoying the feel of the other woman
against her skin. 
        
	Annette reached down to gently touch Ari's new rings and asked, "How do
they feel?"
        
	"Mmmm, so good," replied Ari.  "Pull them all you want, but be prepared
to be attacked if you do."  The teen's fingers sliding up Annette's ribs and the
expression on her face left little doubt of what kind of attack Annette could
expect.
        
	"You shouldn't be too rough with them, Ari.  They need time to heal."
        
	Ari smiled, her eyes still closed, and replied, "They're already healed,
so don't let that stop you."
        
	Annette frowned and said, "Wait, didn't you just get these last night?"
        
	"Yup."
        
	"Then they can't be healed yet."
        
	"If you say so," replied Ari.  She was too comfortable being near
Annette to worry about trifles like miraculous healing.
        
	Gary had heard the exchange and got up from his chair.  Ken watched the
man thoughtfully approach Arianwen and bend down.  He examined her nipple
closely.  As he'd noted earlier, there was no sign that it was a fresh piercing. 
He still wasn't entirely convinced they were healed.
        
	"Ari," he said, "you really think it's healed."
        
	"Yes, Master Gary."
        
	"Then you won't mind if I remove one of them?"
        
	"No, Sir.  Will you put it back though?  I don't think Master Ken would
like me wearing only one ring.  Aesthetics and all."  The girl still had not
opened her eyes.
        
	Gary carefully removed the ring that he'd watched Ken insert into a
fresh hole last night.  There was no sign of blood or any discharge on it or
coming from her nipple.  The girl shivered when he pulled it out, but it
obviously wasn't from pain. The patterns on the ring looked different.  He
couldn't tell what the difference was, but he'd watched Annette work on these,
and the etching she'd placed in the gold was different. 
        
	He handed it to Annette, who immediately said, "Ari?  Did you dip this
in something?  The color's changed a little."
        
	"Nope."
        
	Either Ari was lying, thought Annette, or something had actually changed
the metal.  These were her work, no doubt about it, but they'd been yellow gold
yesterday.  Today, they were still yellow gold, but it seemed lighter, and the
inlay was traced with copper red.  Sort of like the ring that Ari was wearing on
her finger.
        
	"Ari, can I see your ring?" asked Annette.
        
	"You've got it in your hand."
        
	"No, the one on your finger."
        
	"What ring on my..." said Ari sitting up and looking at her hand. 
There, just like the one that Ken and Jane had, was a delicate ring made of a
white metal with copper patterns inlaid in it.  There was a beautiful green
stone in the middle, which Ari noted matched the color or Lea's eyes, just as
the copper matched the color of Her hair.  How had she not noticed it?  Ken
looked over at her and just smiled.  Ari smiled back, but was hesitant to remove
the ring.  So instead she held up her hand for Annette to see.
        
	The workmanship was stunning.  Annette knew that she did excellent work,
but this!  If she worked her whole life, she didn't think she'd ever be able to
make something this beautiful. 
        
	"Where did you get this?" she asked, completely forgetting Ari's
reaction to the ring.  Gary didn't though.  The teen could have meant that she'd
forgotten she had it on, but he didn't think so.  While he knew that Ken and
Jane had one like this, Ari hadn't been wearing one yesterday.  Surely, there
was more going on here than met the eye.  Gary was intrigued.
        
	"It was a gift."
        
	"From who?  It's amazing work -- I've never seen anything like it."
        
	Ari shifted nervously.  She didn't want to tell them where she'd gotten
the ring because they weren't ready yet.
        
	"Master Gary, would you put my nipple ring back in?" asked the girl.
        
	Ah yes, the other mystery, thought Gary.  She was healed, no doubt about
it.  Ken followed his thoughts and was surprised.  Gary had decided that he
didn't have enough information to figure out what was going on with Ari.  He
decided to remember the things he discovered about these people, though.  Jane's
unusual strength, she'd actually bent a frame made of tube steel the other day,
Ari's ability to easily seduce someone, and now her ability to heal overnight. 
        
         His eyes narrowed as Ken heard him come to the realization that it
wasn't only Ari that healed fast.  There wasn't a single bruise on Jane's skin
anywhere.  All the welts, cuts and bruises caused by what she'd been subjected
to last evening were completely gone.  Hmmm.  More to ponder.
        
         End Chapter 35




Avatar

Chapter 36

      	Dinner was pleasant and comfortable.  The women remained nude, even
Ellen and Sandy who weren't slaves.  The men, perhaps worried what a soft,
feminine body in their arms might erect, chose to wear shorts.  Ari was kneeling
by Sandy and being fed from her plate, while Kim was feeding herself, but from a
plate on the ground without the use of her hands.  Toward the end of dinner,
Bill commented on how he'd love to set up a place like this with a computer to
run it.  That comment intrigued Ken and he said as much.
     
      	"What would you do?"
     
      	"Well," responded Bill, "don't you think it'd be cool if you could just
call someone's name and have the computer tell you where they were?  Or maybe
you could set it up so that an intercom system could be used that was
voice-activated?  Plus, it might be nice to be able to see who was at the gate,
from any computer in the house, without coming down to the study."
     
      	Bill had no way of knowing that Ken always knew where everyone was when
they were on the property, whether they were Circle or not.
     
      	"I can see where that might be useful," he replied.
     
      	"Hell," said Ari from where she was kneeling by Sandy, "this place is
huge.  I'd love it if I had one of those robotic vacuum cleaners to take care of
some of it."  Sandy leaned down with a slice of orange in her mouth to offer it
to the teen.  Ari accepted it with a kiss, biting off about half, then licking
the juice off Sandy's mouth.  "I mean," she continued while chewing, "it's not
like you don't pay me very well, Master, but there's a lot of vacuuming to be
done."
     
      	Ken thought about that for a second.  There were robotic vacuums around,
but they wouldn't work on a place this size.
     
      	"Is that something you could set up?" he asked Bill.
     
      	"Hell yeah.  A central server with a wireless unit and several
repeaters?  With the right software you could program the things to clean every
floor in the house.  All you'd have to do is empty a central collection point. 
It's hardly a new idea -- they've already got ones on the market that'll do it."
     
      	"We could modify the hardware to make them work even better; after all,
we're not trying to mass produce them," jumped in Eric.
     
      	Ken let the two of them talk for a few minutes, then held up his hand.
     
      	"Bill, I'll tell you what.  Why don't you put together a list of things
you could computerize in the mansion.  Eric, if you have any ideas jump in too. 
When you're ready, we'll talk and see what you came up with and what we can
actually do."
     
      	Bill nodded eagerly.  Ken read that he had some ideas he'd been wanting
to try out in software, but didn't have access to machines powerful enough.  His
own machine was OK, but on a student budget it was not what he needed.
     
      	"In fact," said Ken, "if you wanted to, you could set up a computer
workshop here.  I need some new equipment, as you pointed out, and I'm sure we
could work something out."
     
      	Bill, thinking about the asshole he had for a roommate, agreed.  Just
getting away from the dorm and not having to physically secure his equipment
from the idiot would help.  Ken felt a surge of excitement from Eric as well. 
Mmmm.  Toys.  He was wondering if Ken would let him get involved and perhaps set
up a workshop of his own.
     
      	"You should keep Eric in the loop, since I'm not as technically savvy as
you two.  Didn't you say that you liked to play with robotics, Eric?" asked Ken.
     
      	"Yup," said Eric, his heart pounding.  Until this week, he'd all but
given up on his dream of working in the robotics field.
     
      	"Seems to me that, since Ari needs some robotic vacuum cleaners, and
Bill wants to automate the mansion, this is your chance."
     
      	Eric and Bill got up from the table and headed toward the study, where
the only computer in the house was.
     
      	"Ken," asked Bill over his shoulder, "do you mind if I use your computer
to jump online?"

       	"Go for it," he said.
      
       	Genie started to get up to go with them, but Sally stopped her.  "Genie
dear, trust me.  Unless you're a serious geek, you won't be able to distract
those two for hours."  She smiled and shook her head.  Sally knew how her
husband worked, and he could immerse himself for days at a time in technical
problems.  Sally was no dummy, but he could lose her in seconds when he started
talking about chip sets, overclocking, sensors and other stuff.  She could tell
that Bill was no different.  "It's a wonder that some geeks ever manage to
reproduce!"
      
       	The table was quickly cleaned, and Sally, who was in the kitchen with
Ken, was surprised to see Kim led in on a leash.
      
       	"Sally," said Ellen, "You made such an excellent dinner.  Why don't you
let my slut here help you out with the clean-up?  Or any other service your
Master will allow."
      
       	Kim flushed red at her Mistress' comments, but said nothing.  The gag
she was wearing ensured that.  It was a leather harness gag, and Ken could see
that it had a pump attachment on the front.  He scanned Kim's mind and saw his
suspicions were correct: Ellen had inserted the gag, then pumped it up until Kim
was almost gagging.  She was also wearing a very tight leather corset that left
her large breasts free, and said breasts were currently quite welted and had
very erect nipples.  Each wrist was locked to a ring in the waist of the corset 
There was a leather strap pulled deeply into her sex, holding in two thick
dildos that were studded with dull points; the strap itself had soft rubber
spikes that were pressing on her clit with every movement.  Four inch heels
completed the ensemble.  They made her shift her hips to keep her balance, and
each time she did that, the dildos and strap rubbed her.
      
       	Kim was very, very horny.  Jane had teased the crap out of her while
they'd been gone.  Knowing how Kim got off on certain kinds of humiliation, Jane
had started teasing her about being slave to a slave.  She knew all Kim's hot
buttons, both physical and mental, and had made free use of them.  But she
hadn't let the other woman cum. 
      
       	As they drove, Jane had masturbated herself, smearing her thick juices
over Kim's face and mouth at frequent intervals.  Kim, of course, was forbidden
to wipe them off and Jane's scent made her crazy with lust.  When they got to
Kim and Ellen's place, Jane made Kim lick her feet, then her pussy and ass.  She
made Kim bring in a crop and used that to spank her pussy with.  When Jane went
into the bathroom to pee, she made Kim beg to lick her cunt clean rather than
use toilet paper, then wouldn't let her do it.
      
       	Jane drove on the way back as Kim was in no condition to do it.  Jane
made her strip as soon as they got into the car.  She made her lick her own
juices off her panties, then gag herself with them, then masturbated Kim with
one hand on the way back, making the woman twitch and moan.  Kim was beside
herself with a lust that, she was ashamed to admit, even her Mistress had never
roused in her.
      
       	When they got back, Jane had Kim kneel in the hot sun while she made her
leisurely way to find Ellen.  Jane, of course, knew exactly where Ellen was, but
took her time getting there.  She knelt and told Ellen what she'd done, offering
herself for punishment if she'd stepped over the line.  Ellen was very pleased
with what Jane had done, and rewarded her by letting her lick and suck her to
orgasm.  Jane was more than happy to please this Mistress and led Ellen to where
Kim was when she'd completed her task.
      
       	Kim had been whipped since then, and brought almost to orgasm several
times.  She was in serious need, and putting her near Sally made things a little
difficult for Sally, who could sense the other woman's arousal and need as if it
was her own.  Ellen released Kim's hands, and she and Ken left.
     
      	As they walked out of the room, Ellen said, "You know, you did promise
me some of that nice cock you have."
     
      	Ellen was obviously interested, and Ken looked at her and smiled.  "I
think that I know just the thing to help you with that.  But I'll need Kim for
what I have in mind.  You game?"
     
      	"Sure," replied Ellen.
     
      	"While she's helping Sally, let's go get things ready, shall we?"
     
      	'Getting things ready' consisted of collecting Jane and Annette, after
getting Gary's permission to play with Annette.  The four of them went into the
dungeon where the two slaves were tied in the suspension rig.
     
      	Jane was tightly gagged, then had heavy weights attached to her nipple
rings.  Ken got a clip and attached it to her enlarged clit, causing her to gasp
in pain and making her eyes water.  Drool began escaping her gag.  She moaned
even louder when he added a heavy weight to the clip, causing the sensitive
organ to be held outside its protective hood.  Jane's wrists and arms were tied
together, forcing her chest out, then her wrists were attached to an overhead
beam.  He tightened the rope until she was forced to bend and her arms were
tight with strain from the strappado position.  Finally, her legs were secured,
widely spread and he pushed on the weights to make them swing. 
     
      	Annette was done up much the same way, except her hands were tied over
her head, rather than behind her.  Weights were attached to her nipples, then to
the base of the bar through her clit hood.  Every time the weight swung, the
slightly rough surface of the bar would stimulate her clit.  Her legs were tied
in a wide spread as well, but she was on tip-toes.  Then, Ken attached the ropes
together so that, if Annette and Jane didn't stay on  their arms would be
pulled.  Jane, of course, was in a much worse position than Annette.
     
      	"Here," said Ken, "Why don't you amuse yourself with this, while I tell
Kim to come upstairs when she's finished."
     
      	"Excellent idea," replied Ellen, taking the many-bladed flogger in her
hand, shaking the falls loose.  As Ken left the room, she was running her hands
over Jane's ass, just noticing that Jane had no marks on her body at all from
last night; by the time Ken returned with Kim in tow, Ellen had turned Jane's
ass a deep red.  Annette, too, bore marks from the whip, and both slaves were
highly excited.  Ken placed Kim, her hands once again attached to her sides, on
her knees between Jane and Annette.
    
      	Taking a clue from her own mind on how she liked to be treated, he said,
"Here are your instructions, slut.  Use your tongue on these slaves; pay special
attention to their assholes.  We want to see a lot of tongue action.  Do your
best to make them cum."
     
      	With that, Ellen got on her hands and knees in a spot that afforded her
and Ken a good view, while Ken got behind her.  As Kim tried to get under Jane
without causing the heavy weights to swing and cause her more pain, Ken slid his
cock into Ellen's cunt.
    
      	She accepted him with an ease that surprised him, until he read from her
that she was regularly fisted by Kim.  Ellen had a huge orgasm watching her
slave crawl between the two bound women, using her mouth to please them.  They
kept going for a while, and Ken, after dumping a thick load of cum in Ellen's
cunt, felt her disappointment -- she wanted more.  Since he was still hard, he
provided it, using their cum as lubricant to penetrate her ass.  Ellen stopped
watching her slave push her face between Annette's ass cheeks and concentrated
on the monster in her own ass.
     
      	"Get over here, cunt," she said in a husky voice as she neared another
orgasm.  Kim scurried over, and Ellen had her lay on her back.  She pushed her
face into her slave's sex and licked and sucked Kim to orgasm while having a
massive one of her own.  Ken dumped another load into her ass, then slowly
pulled out of the stretched, reddened hole.  Ellen quickly got up and squatted
over her prone slave.
     
      	"Lick it out.  Make sure you get all of his cum, slut," said the woman.
     
      	Cum was already dripping out of her distended asshole, and Kim opened
her mouth to receive it.  In point of fact, unlike Genie, Kim didn't like this
kind of play.  But she did like the degrading feeling it gave to be forced to do
it.  She was very thorough, licking and sucking while -- to Ken's surprise --
Ellen pulled his cock to her mouth and sucked him back to hardness.  He used
that erection on Annette, fucking her hot cunt from behind. 

      	She moaned and writhed from the thick rod splitting her sex, which
caused the weights on her nipples and clit ring to swing.  She'd been on her
toes a long time and could no longer hold herself up, so more of her weight was
pulling on Jane's shoulders.  Jane was very uncomfortable (much to her delight),
and the whole scene had Jane falling into subspace. 

      	After cumming in Annette, Ken picked up the single-tail and approached
Jane.  She quickly opened her mouth to his slimy cock.  When she finished
licking it, he began practicing his new skills on her ass, inner thighs and
back.  The back shots were hard to do since she was at a bad angle, but Ken took
it as a challenge.  He heard Ellen scream her orgasm the first time he actually
drew blood from Jane.  Jane squirmed and moaned, but after five or so minutes of
being whipped, started begging to cum.  Her clit was very sore from the clamp
and the weight, while her shoulders were burning like hell.
     
      	Ellen couldn't believe her eyes when Ken switched to a short, single
tail and began aiming it at the woman's defenseless sex.  He reached down and
removed the clamp, eliciting a loud yell from Jane, then proceeded to really lay
into her.  Jane got her orgasm not too long afterward.
     
      	He released the two women but left Annette kneeling on the floor.  He
moved a cage over to the suspension rack and had Jane climb into it.  It was so
small that she actually had to keep her arms outside it and behind her, and they
were quickly secured in that position.  He reached inside and attached loops of
twine to her nipples, behind the nipple bars, and pulled them taut, attaching
them to the bars of the cage, after which he hoisted it off the floor.  Taking a
pole with a dildo attached to the end, he slid the dildo into her ass, then
attached the pole to a stand.  Finally, he reached in and put clamps on her
inner labia and dangled a chain with weights from the clamp.
     
      	"See you later, slave." he said.  "Don't even think about cumming again
until you're given permission."
     
      	Jane's eyes were glazed with lust.  Any movement pulled on her sex and
nipples and caused the cage to shift, which stirred the dildo in her asshole. 
She was very uncomfortable and very happy.
     
      	Ken went back downstairs, with Annette, Ellen and Kim.  If any of the
women had been thinking clearly, they wouldn't have left Jane alone in the cage. 
They weren't, however, and Jane was left alone in the room in that tiny cage,
hanging there until someone decided to let her out.  Ken knew there was no
danger to her, and that if anything even started to go wrong, he'd know.  He
also knew that, if Jane were in real danger, Lea would be there instantly.
     
      	Darkness had fallen when Ken stepped out to the pool.  Eric and Bill had
returned, and everyone else was eating dessert and talking.
     
      	"Hey," said Ken, "did you leave any for us?"
     
      	"Of course," replied Sally.
     
      	"Where's Jane?" asked Bill.
     
      	"Upstairs," replied Ken.  Ellen giggled and described Jane's current
predicament.  Gary raised his eyebrows, but made no comment about leaving the
woman unattended, especially when his well-fucked slave knelt at his feet and
begged to please him.  It was out of character for Gary to not comment on the
safety issue, but his mind skipped past it for some reason.
	
	Eventually, people began drifting off to bed.  Ari and Sandy went with
Bill; Kim was given to Eric and Sally for the night, while Ellen and Annette
went with Gary.  He wasn't so sure he'd be able to please either one of them --
he was tired, as were Bill and Eric -- but he was game to try.  Ken intended to
let Jane out of the cage before he went to bed.  He could feel the fire of
arousal her body had been bathed in since he'd left.
	
	Genie and Ken stayed out by the pool for a while longer.
	
	"I was surprised to see you and Bill together," he said.
	
	"Does that upset you?"  Genie asked.
	
	"Not at all," he replied.
	
	He felt a drop in Genie's emotions as she thought that he wasn't
interested in her anymore.
	
	Ken sat up straight in the chair and looked at her.  "Genie, you know
how things work around here.  If you and Bill are exclusive, no one will
interfere.  But don't for a second get the idea that I, we, are not interested
in you."
	
	Genie was trying not to be upset.  So far, this weekend had answered so
many of her fantasies that it seemed almost unreal.  She thought she was falling
in love with Bill, but Ken and Jane really held a special place in her heart,
despite the short time she'd known them.  And Arianwen was such a wonderful
young woman, Genie was afraid she was actually already in love with her.
	
	"Well, I understand if you're not.  I mean, I guess Arianwen and Jane
keep you pretty busy..." and they're both so gorgeous why would you even want
me? finished her thoughts.
	
	"Yes, they do keep me busy.  But Genie, it's important for you to
understand that I -- and Jane and Ari -- like you a hell of a lot.  You're like
family, just without the incest part since we're not related," he grinned.  "You
and Bill, well ... I didn't want to get in the way or anything.  But both of
you, or either of you, are welcome here whenever you want.  I promise you that."
	
	"Now," he said while standing up, "I need to go see to Jane.  Are you
interested in joining us tonight?"
	
	Genie and Bill, Ken knew, had already discussed her spending the night
with Ken and whomever he was going to be with.  To her surprise, Bill had
actually turned red and told her that he loved her.  Then he'd made it very
clear that he would in no way be jealous if she wanted to stay with Ken for the
night.  He instead asked, somewhat shyly, if it was okay if Arianwen spent the
night with him.  If she was free.  Genie had hugged him and told him of course. 
For a guy that had been a virgin not too long ago, Bill sure had come a long
way.  Ken wondered if Lea had somehow had a hand in that.
       
	He and Genie went up to the play room.  Jane, of course, was still
there.  Her body was cramped from the small cage, her nipples and labia were
sore from the constant tugging and her asshole was like a ring of fire.  Sweat
ran off her body, as did copious amounts of cunt juice.  Her predicament had her
nerves vibrating with pain, which for Jane meant intense pleasure.
       
	They let her down, and Ken made her lick up the fluids that she had
dripped on the floor.  He also fucked her mouth with the dildo that had been
inside her.  Genie went wild with lust watching all this and attacked Jane's
cunt and asshole with her mouth and fingers, heedless of the pain she caused the
other woman.  Heedless, because Jane never made any other sound but pleasure. 
The three of them ended up in the master bath under the shower.  Genie gently
washed Jane, being careful of the cuts that the whip had left.
       
	"God, Jane, don't those hurt?"
       
	"Mmm, oh yeah!"  Jane replied purring.
       
	Ken chuckled and said, "Genie, have you forgotten what we told you about
Jane?"
       
	"Well, yeah, but it's one thing to hear about it and another to actually
see it in action."
       
	Genie was exhausted by the time they made it to bed.  Ken and Jane were
buzzing with energy from all the sex of the last few days, but they too slept.

									~~~~
       
	It was three am by the clock when Ken woke.  Eric was back in the
Garden.  Ken quietly began to get out of bed when Jane smiled at him.  She also
crept out of bed, and they walked to the study hand in hand.  They were joined
there by Arianwen and Sally.  When they entered the Garden, Eric was face to
face with Lea.
       
	"Greetings, Eric," said the Goddess, her smile broad and welcoming.
       
	"Hello, Lea," he said in a quiet voice.  He didn't quite realize yet
that the others were there.  "I've been thinking about you a lot."
       
	"I know," She replied.  "I've felt your need and your conflict."
       
	Eric took a deep breath, then slowly let it out.  "Do you think that
there's a place for me with you?"
       
	"Why don't you ask the Circle?" said Lea, indicating the people behind
him.  Eric spun and jumped.
       
	"Geez!  I didn't even hear you guys."  He turned back, but Lea was no
longer there.
       
	"Where did she go?" he asked.  Damn, he thought, I was hoping that She'd
accept me.
       
	Sally stepped toward her husband, hands out and welcoming.  "My love,"
she said, "will you join me?  Will you share our love with the Goddess and the
Circle?"
       
	Eric swallowed.  The same emotions that he'd experienced when he and
Sally were married, the ones that had thickened his voice and brought tears to
his eye, began to race through him.  Eric was a smart guy, he knew immediately
what those particular questions meant.
       
	"Yes," he said in a rough voice.  Then, as he stood straighter, he
looked at his wife as she stood there naked and radiantly smiling. "Yes.  If you
will have me, then I want to be yours."
       
	Sally's answer was to flow into his arms and kiss him.  It was the most
amazing thing he'd ever felt. 
       
	Arianwen stepped forward, and Sally said, "Greet our Sister and our High
Priestess."
       
	The small teen raised herself on tip-toes and gently kissed his lips. 
Eric began to feel dizzy.
       
	"Welcome, Eric," Arianwen said. "My Brother, greet our Sister and High
Priestess, Jane."
       
	Jane was not as short as either of the other women.  As she stepped
forward, she seemed to be almost glowing with light.  Eric, for the first time,
saw the glow of power in each of the women.  Sally's was light and airy;
Arianwen's deeper in texture and more powerful, but playful too.  Jane's,
however, was far different, and he sensed this as they kissed.  Her power was
deeper and wider and tinged with a duskiness that seemed distinctly her.  The
strength he glimpsed in that second made his breath catch.
       
	"My Brother Eric," said Jane, her voice tinged with the dark fringes
he'd sensed in her power, "Greet our High Priest, Kenneth.  Greet the Avatar of
our Goddess."
       
	Ken stepped forward and opened his arms.  "Welcome Eric, Priest of Lea. 
Welcome to the Circle."
       
	When they embraced,  Eric had more than a quick glimpse of his power. 
If Jane's strength had surprised him, Ken's actually froze his mind for a
second.  White light, streaked with spirals of azure blue and silver, flashed
through Eric's mind.  Ken felt the echo of his power in Eric's mind and was as
surprised as the other man.  Jane, thought Eric, had been a shock, Ken was
actually frightening.
       
	The men embraced each other, and Ken stepped back.  Then, somehow, Lea
was in Eric's arms, "Welcome, my Priest," she whispered.  Her kiss was the last
thing he remembered until hours later, is senses bathed with warmth and
happiness. 
       
       	The rest of the Circle retired to the study with an obviously bemused
Eric.  They found that they weren't particularly tired, and that the closeness
they were feeling was more comforting and restful than sleep.  Before they went
inside, however, Ken noticed that Gary was awake and had been watching from
upstairs.  He smiled to himself as he wondered just how long Gary would continue
to be an atheist.

										
~~~~
      
       	The rising of the sun found them all in bed with the people that they'd
started the evening with.  Ken rolled over and looked at Jane over Genie's
sleeping form.  He could feel that Genie was still bone-tired, as the last day
or so had taken a lot out of her.  In fact, he could sense that everyone not of
the Circle was still quite tired.  However, Arianwen decided to stay in bed with
Bill, and Sandy and Sally elected to stay with the new Priest and Kim.  Ken
smiled as he wondered what it would be like for Kim to wake up with not one, but
two of the Circle.
      
       	At nine am, he let the delivery people in the gate, where they quietly
arranged the gift right in front of the front door.  He put the required
documents inside it, then went to the kitchen to eat some food while waiting for
everyone to wake up.
      
       	Jane had followed him out of bed and spoke to him as they sat to eat. 
"That was amazing," she said.
      
       	"Yes, it was," replied Ken as the naked woman slid into his lap.  "And
now you have not one, but two men who might be able to keep up with you."
      
       	She squeezed him and said, "You are doing just fine, Master."
      
       	People began stumbling downstairs at eleven.  Ken felt Sally and Eric
wake up at around ten-thirty, but they started making love and soon had Kim
joining them.   Together, they forced Kim through two screaming orgasms, and
when they left the bed to come downstairs, Kim was back asleep. 
      
       	Ken greeted Sally and Eric, grabbed a bowl of strawberries and went
upstairs.  He began stroking Kim's damp back, feeding energy into her and slowly
restoring her.  Kim woke as warmth stole through her body, leaving energy and
freshness in its wake.
      
       	"Good morning, Master Ken," she said.  "How may I serve you?"
      
       	Ken chuckled and said, "I think you've served quite enough this
morning."  He rolled her over, took one of the strawberries on the plate and fed
it to her.  She sighed with pleasure as the taste burst through her mouth.  He
gently cupped one of her large breasts and rubbed the roughness of a strawberry
over her nipple.  She sighed again as he continued to feed her.  After most of
the bowl of fruit was gone, Ken said, "Why don't you take a shower and join us
downstairs?"
      
       	"Yes, Master," she replied, and slid into the bathroom.
      
       	By one o'clock, they had all eaten and were lounging around the pool.
      
      	"Hey, Ari," said Ken, "could you give me a hand with something?"
      
       	"Of course, Master," said the girl.  She didn't notice that the rest of
the Circle walked behind them as they headed toward the front of the house.  Ken
opened the door and directed Arianwen around him.
      
       	She looked at the car with the large bow around it, then back at Ken. 
Another look at the car, then at Ken.
      
       	"Yes, dear, it's yours," said Ken.
      
       	She squealed and jumped into his arms.  "Thank you, thank you, thank
you!"
      
       	She ran down the steps and threw open the door of the band new, black
Mini-Cooper.  The thing had every extra that Ken could get with it: high-end
stereo, sports package, the larger engine...  Everything.  It even had a vanity
plate which read, of course, THE MINX.
      
       	He let Arianwen gush over the car for a good ten minutes, then said
through the open passenger window, "Open the glove compartment."
      
       	Ari looked at him and leaned over to open it.  Inside there were several
envelopes.  The first contained the paperwork officially changing her name.  The
second contained a new drivers license, insurance card and a credit card.  They
were, unsurprisingly, still waiting for the social security card.  The last
envelope contained the paperwork emancipating her as an adult.  Ken had no idea
how the hell Lenny had gotten all of that done, but he'd give the man a serious
bonus for the work.
      
       	Ari stared at Ken, tears forming in her eyes.  She opened the door and
got out, pulling him and Jane into a hug, sobbing with happiness and whispering
"thank you" over and over again.  It took a few minutes for her to get back
under control.  When they broke the hug, Jane -- with tears in her own eyes --
showed Ari her own drivers license, which read 'Jane Whitestone'.
          
           Arianwen Whitestone couldn't remember a time in her life when she'd
been happier.
          
           End Chapter 36




Avatar

Chapter 37

       	Ken had to remind Arianwen that she had to put on clothes before she
could take her new car out for a spin.  She dashed upstairs to put on shorts and
a shirt, then ran downstairs again and pulled Ken and Jane inside the car.  Off
they went.
      
       	Ari was a good driver, and the car handled well.  He did ask her to back
down from her hundred-mile-an-hour pace on the highway, and she gulped having
not realized how fast she was going.  When they returned about a half hour
later, Sally had finished making some lunch.  Ari spent the rest of the day with
a happy glow.

      	"Hey Ken," asked Gary quietly as they watched Jane, Sally and Annette
play in the pool, "have you used the Dragons on Jane yet?"
     
      	"Not yet.  I wanted to make it interesting for her, but I don't have the
hardware to do it."
     
      	"What do you mean?"
     
      	Ken explained what he wanted and Gary smiled.
     
      	"I'm sure I can come up with what you want in a day or so.  It wouldn't
be hard to build at all."
     
      	Ken chuckled. "With all the stuff you're building for me, maybe I ought
to make a workshop for you as well.   There's a building where they used to
store something or other not too far from the main house that might work."
     
   	A shadow passed over Gary's face as he remembered what was going on with
his own business.
     
      	"What?" asked Ken.
     
      	"Ah, nothin'," he replied.  "Some congresscriter's trying to shut me
down, and the legal fees would have already put me out of business if you hadn't
come along.  I'll be fine now."
     
      	"Why would a congressman care?"
     
      	"His daughter is into seriously hard core BDSM.  She bought some of my
stuff -- not from me, but secondhand.  He knows that I didn't sell it to her,
but that doesn't matter.  Just the fact that I made something that had perverted
his innocent little girl's got him on a rampage."
     
      	"How old is she?" asked Ken.
     
      	"Hell, she's twenty-two now.  Real hot chick.  Played with Annette and I
a couple of times.  She's into play-piercing big time."
     
      	That got them into a discussion of BDSM clubs in the area.  Ken knew of
the one that he used to go to when he scened with Andrea, the woman who had
fooled him into thinking she was a slave.  He assumed that there were a fair
number out there.
     
      	"Used to be," grunted Gary.  "City council's been shuttin' 'em down as
fast as they can find them.  Hell, they've been targeting all kinds of places --
sex clubs, BDSM clubs, adult book stores.  Just keep harassing them until they
go out of business."
     
      	"And," added in Sally, who'd started listening when she sat down,
"they've closed down all kinds of gay and lesbian outreach programs to help
teens, harassed abortion clinics, reduced AIDs funding, all kinds of stuff." 
She shook her head, "All in the name of decency and morality."  She snorted, 
"As if the fucking politicians are moral enough to legislate morality."
     
      	Ken was not surprised to hear this.  It was at least as disturbing as
the things he'd been hearing in the news, now that he'd started to follow it
again.  The present administration had used an act of war to not only attack
people outside the USA, but to attack citizens who didn't believe in their 'One
God'.   The thing he found most disturbing was that Americans were sitting still
for it.
     
      	Ken had no intention of sitting still for it, but neither would he jump
into a fight he only half understood.  He had money now, and resources he'd
never had before.  If he worked quietly and intelligently, he could effect
changes.  Some here, some there, and, if nothing else, protect his own people
from the laws and actions of those in power.  Laws and actions that the
Constitution had been designed to prevent.
     
      	They sat for dinner in the dining room.  Once everyone was served, he
stood and asked for people's attention.
     
      	"I'd like to thank you all for coming this weekend."  There were
chuckles around the table.  He smiled as he said, "Sorry, slip of the tongue." 
More laughter, and Ari added, "Master, you can slip me your tongue whenever you
like."  This was of course followed by suggestions from the other women about
where else he could slip his tongue ... and, of course,  much more laughter.  He
finally held up his hand for silence.
     
      	"Yes, well, on that subject, I'd like to say that you are all welcome
here whenever you'd like to stop by.  We have plenty of bedrooms for you to stay
in, and the dungeon is always open.  Speaking of which, I'd like to give Gary
and Annette a hand for the amazing furniture that they made for me, and for the
pieces that they graciously allowed us to borrow."
     
      	There was round of loud clapping and whistling as everyone showed their
appreciation.
     
      	Then, in a more serious tone, Ken went on.  "As I said, you are welcome
here whenever you wish.  You've seen the lifestyle that is practiced here and
should know that you can do what you want without fear of ridicule.  However, I
must ask that you treat what we do as a bit of a secret.  Please do not invite
anyone here who I have not met.  You know what many people think of a lifestyle
like this -- especially in these times when the separation of Church and State
is anything but." There were murmurs of agreement with that statement.  "Also,
as a new lottery winner, I'm somewhat vulnerable to the media, who rarely think
before they print something.  I'd rather not see a headline that reads 'Lottery
Winner Creates Sado-Masochistic Paradise With Teen Slaves.'" 
     
      	More laughter followed that statement, though there was a definite
undercurrent of seriousness as well.  Ken had made his point, and each of these
people knew how they'd be treated by the general public if their lifestyle was
known.
     
      	Dinner was excellent, as was the conversation.  People were a bit more
restrained, but there was still some sexual play that went on.  How could there
not be with so many beautiful, naked slaves?  At one point, Ken found himself
feeding Genie as she knelt at his feet.  Arianwen was kneeling between Annette's
spread legs, slowly licking her pussy.  She had her own legs spread, and someone
had used a cloth napkin to tie her wrists behind her.  Kim was fed, once again
from a plate on the floor.  Ellen had her feet on the smaller woman's back as
Kim ate without her hands.  Jane ended up licking Kim's face and chin clean
after the woman had eaten.
     
      	Dessert was served and things loosened up even more, but no one wanted
to get too hot and heavy.  Most people had to work the next day.  Bill found
himself the target of Sally, while Sandy got pounded by Gary, who was still
having a difficult time believing the number of times he'd cum.  While coffee
was being served by Jane and Sally (Arianwen was curled up in Annette's lap),
Ellen led Kim over to Ken by her leash.  She had her other hand in Genie's hair
and was using that to bring her as well.
     
      	"Master Ken," said Ellen, "I have a small favor to ask."  She paused for
a second, then said, "Actually my slut here has a small favor to ask."  She
pulled on the leash until Kim was on her knees.  "Well, slut?  Ask!"
     
      	Kim was a bright red, embarrassed and very aroused.  "Master Ken, would
you please use this slave's asshole before we leave tonight?"  With that she
spun on her knees, then fully bent over, offering Ken her asshole.  It looked a
little red, but fairly slick.
     
      	"I had Genie prepare her, " said Ellen by way of explanation.  "And
since she offered to clean up so Kim doesn't leak in the car, I couldn't
refuse."
     
      	Ken knew that if he took Kim as roughly as she wanted, she'd bleed.  He
realized though, as he pulled out of her, that he could heal any actual damage. 
So, he took her as she wanted.  Roughly and with no consideration of how it
hurt.  He bottomed out in her ass no more than five times before she started
begging to cum.  She was given permission, and her tight sphincter clamped on
his cock as her orgasm raced through her.  Ellen was well on her way to having
the pain slut she wanted.
     
      	Ken fucked her through two more orgasms, shooting his cum deep inside
her ass.  She was bleeding  by the time he finished, and, as he pulled out, time
slowed. 
     
      	Kim had several small lacerations; unsurprising considering his size and
how rough he'd been.  They weren't as bad as they could be, since Ellen
regularly stretched her asshole with plugs, and would heal, even though she'd
definitely be sore for a while.  Still, Ken didn't want to leave her like that;
she wasn't Circle and wasn't protected from infection the way the rest of them
were.  So he healed the small tears but made sure she'd still be sore for a day
or so.
     
      	Interestingly, the small amount of blood on his cock caused Genie to
have a mild orgasm when she began licking him clean.  Kim was still kneeling
with her head to the floor, while Genie licked and sucked Ken clean, and
remained unmoving as Genie put her tongue to use on Kim's still-distended
asshole.  Genie managed to create a mild orgasm in Kim while she herself had one
as she rimmed and tongue fucked the sore hole.  Finally, Kim was pulled into a
deep kiss with Genie, causing conflicting sensations of humiliation and lust to
race through her body while they kissed.
     
      	"Well, it looks like I should start to train Kim in the anal arts,"
Ellen said.  "She seems to like the taste of Genie's mouth."
     
      	Kim moaned with embarrassment, shaking as Genie's slim fingers tugged on
her labia and flicked her clit.
     
      	"Don't let her cum again Genie," said Ellen.  "I don't want her to think
she can orgasm whenever she wants to."
     
      	In reality, Ken could read that Ellen's main concern was that, if Kim
were not left sexually aroused, she would hurt too much from being sodimized.
     
      	"Don't worry," Ken whispered as leaned over, "She's a little sore, but
it's nothing that will hurt her for real.  I made sure of that."
     
      	Ellen nodded.  She believed him, although she didn't know why.  As
roughly as she treated Kim, both verbally and physically, if anyone really hurt
her, Ellen would cheerfully kill them.  And Ken knew that if Ellen accidentally
really hurt Kim, she'd be horrified.  Like Genie, the weekend here at the
mansion had seemed like a fantasy come true.  She knew they were safe, knew it
deep inside where there could be no doubts.  It was so internalized that she
never questioned it.  Ken suspected she'd think on this later and wonder why it
was so.
     
      	Finally, the only ones left were Bill, Genie, Gary and Annette.  Eric
and Sally had gone upstairs to tend to the baby, and Jane had gone with them. 
Eric had been in a bit of a daze today.  Quiet, bemused and obviously very
content.  A new world of sensation was slowly opening to him, and he was loving
every minute of it.
     
      	"Hey Ken," said Bill. "Did you still want to get all that computer
equipment?"
     
      	"Oh, yes," replied Ken.  "Absolutely.  Can we get some of it locally?"
     
      	"Yeah, we can do that.  Some of the real high-end stuff will have to be
mail-ordered, though."
     
      	"Well, if you're free tomorrow, why don't we start taking care of
setting up that lab you wanted here?"
     
      	Bill was getting the techo-geek glow.  The thought of buying
bleeding-edge hardware and setting up a computer system to run an entire house
gave him a feeling of excitement like nothing else could.  Genie saw the look on
his face and shook her head.  It was a good thing she had to work tomorrow,
because she suspected that Bill might not notice she was alive.  Ken, watching
the interchange, was glad that Genie was coming to understand Bill so well.
     
      	They left a short time later.  Annette was sent to gather up any small
items that she and Gary had left about, while Gary had offered to leave his
equipment here.  "It's not like I have anyplace to set it up," he said.
     
      	Ken knew that wasn't true, but Gary was intensely curious about what was
going on here.  Gary had noticed that the amount of time Arianwen had spent with
Annette was changing some of Annette's views on various things.  The ladies had
spent a good deal of time (when Ari wasn't licking or sucking something of
Annette's) talking about Paganism and religion in general.  Unlike Gary, Annette
was not an Atheist.  But until this weekend, she'd never felt comfortable with a
religion.  Now, she was afire to learn about what Arianwen worshipped.
     
      	"Ari's trying to convert my sub," said Gary.  There was no heat in his
tone, just a mild question.
     
      	"Not exactly.  She's explaining our way of life to her.  If it disturbs
you, I'll ask her to stop," offered Ken.
     
      	Gary quickly shook his head.  "Annette's my slave, but, odd as it
sounds, I don't own her.  She's free to believe anything she wants.  If it ends
up interfering with our relationship, that's a bridge we'll have to cross when
we come to it.  I don't think that'll be the case, though."
     
      	Ken shrugged and agreed.  Gary was hesitating about bringing up last
night.  He'd seen Lea and wanted to know what had happened with Eric.
     
      	"Eric's a little different today," he offered.
     
      	Ken smiled and leaned forward.  "Her name is Lea."
     
      	"What?"
     
      	"The woman you saw with us last night.  Her name is Lea," said Ken.
     
      	In that moment, Gary realized that Ken knew that he'd been watching them
last night.  He got a little embarrassed, but that didn't keep him from
wondering how Ken had seen him.
     
      	"You knew I was watching," stated Gary.
     
      	"Yes."  Ken leaned forward and said, "Gary, we have nothing to hide here
-- at least, not from you or Annette."
     
      	"Fine," replied Gary. "Who is she?  Does she live here with you guys?"
     
      	"Her name, as I said, is Lea.  And yes, she lives here with us."
     
      	"How come she wasn't around all weekend?"
     
      	"Good question," replied Ken.  "But it's not one I can answer.  You'll
have to ask her yourself, the next time you see her."
     
      	"I thought you said you have nothing to hide?" countered Gary.
     
      	"I don't.  But there are some things that are not for me to tell.  If
you want to know about Lea, you have to speak to her yourself."
     
      	Gary thought for a moment.  This was all beyond strange.  "You're not
going to tell me how to find her, are you?"
     
      	Ken smiled and said, "You're best bet is in the Garden."
     
      	Gary licked his lips and said, "About that garden.  It looked like she
just disappeared last night.  She was there, then she wasn't.  How did she get
out of the garden?"
     
      	Ken stood with a sigh.  "Gary, I don't have an answer for you -- at
least not one that you'll accept."
     
      	"Try me."
     
      	"How's this for an answer:  Would you take a novice submissive and
subject her to the same level of play that you'd use on Jane?"
     
      	Gary looked surprised and said, "Of course not!"
     
      	Silence followed, because Ken said nothing else.  Gary sat and thought,
then said, "Not much of an answer."
     
      	"I know, but trust me, it's the best I can do at the moment."  Then he
said, "I'm really sorry Gary, but the truth is, you'll just have to speak to her
yourself.  When the time comes, I'm sure she'll be there for you to talk to.  I
don't want to go all mystic on you, but Lea's sort of a law unto herself."  He
smiled at Gary's disbelieving look and said, "I'm reminded of the story of the
man who, upon seeing a giraffe for the first time, said, 'There ain't no such
animal.'"
     
      	They let the subject drop, but Ken knew that Gary was still thinking
about it.  He and Annette left a bit later, leaving the Circle alone with their
new brother.  Eric got little sleep that night, discovering that there were
advantages to being the Priest of a sex Goddess, especially with three, very
willing Priestesses to help him explore his new status.
     
      	The next two weeks passed more quickly than Ken would have believed
possible.  Everything was moving along well though, and his House was settling
in nicely.  They had visits from all the guests, at one time or another, and
Bill and Genie stayed over enough that, by the second week, Ken offered Bill a
room at the mansion.
     
      	"Look," he said, "You're doing a lot of work here, and I know you don't
like to keep to just daylight hours.  Besides, you already said your roommate's
an asshole.  If you stay here, you can work when you want, and you'll always be
within reach of the lab."
     
      	Bill tried to demure, but Ken and Jane convinced him.  Genie bit her
lip, and said nothing, and Ken realized that she'd been planning to ask him to
move in with her.  Despite the fact that she really liked everyone in the
Circle, her relationship with Bill was growing deeper.  He was becoming the
Master that she wanted to serve.  She enjoyed serving Ken and Eric, and was
coming to really like them, perhaps even more than like.  But Bill had captured
her heart. 
     
      	Later that evening, while Bill was ensconced in yet another improvement
to a program he was working on, Ken, Jane and Genie were outside by the pool. 
He could hear Genie thinking wistfully how much she loved the mansion.  He heard
her come to the conclusion that, at least if Bill was living here, she could
come here more often and not feel guilty.  Jane, while she couldn't read Genie's
thoughts, could read her feelings, got up and walked over to the lounge where
Genie was laying.  She held out her hand, and Genie looked up, startled to see
Ken was on her other side with his hand out as well.
     
      	"Let's go for a walk," he said.
     
      	They walked to the Garden and sat down facing each other.  It was time,
thought Ken, to move forward another step.  He leaned forward and kissed Genie;
her mouth opened immediately to accept his tongue.  No matter how she felt about
Bill, she could not resist Ken -- or Jane, who claimed a deep kiss from her as
well.  She was wet by the time the naked woman, whose arousing scent was
scattering her ability to think, leaned back to smile at her.
     
      	Ken and Jane each took one of her hands and looked at her.  Genie became
a little nervous.  It was becoming obvious that sex was not why they'd brought
her here.
     
      	"Bill is going to move in with us," stated Jane.  Genie nodded her head,
confused about why Jane was stating the obvious.  "You're falling in love with
him."  Again, another statement.  Genie blushed, but nodded.
     
      	"Genie," Ken said, "I've told you before that we like you a lot.  We
know you're in love with Bill, and I'm willing to bet that, at some point in the
near future, you were going to ask him to move in with you."
     
      	Genie was startled.  How could he know that?
     
      	"It was obvious," said Ken, answering her unasked question, "from the
look on your face when he agreed to live here."
     
      	"Oh," she replied.
     
      	"Genie, we didn't mean to derail things between you and Bill." said
Jane.  "This seemed like a good solution to getting him out of the dorm and
giving him the resources he needs to excel in his field of study.  I don't know
if you realize just how smart he is."
     
      	Genie nodded and said, "I know that he leaves me in the dust.  Eric
seems to be the only one who can keep up with him."
     
      	"Genie," said Ken, "This house has a lot of bedrooms.  It's large enough
so that you could go days without seeing someone else, if you wanted to -- hell,
there's even more than one kitchen."
     
      	"Yeah," she said, "It's huge.  But beautiful."  She paused and inhaled
deeply, the motion doing interesting things to her bare, 'C' cup breasts.  The
women rarely dressed anymore, and the slaves only dressed when they left the
house.  "It's so ... comfortable ... here.  Peaceful, but kind of energizing,
too."
     
      	Just like how she felt after really excellent sex.  Somehow, Ken was
unsurprised at the comparison.
     
      	"You could move in too," said Ken.
     
      	Genie's eyes regained their focus and her heart rate sped up.
     
      	"Excuse me?"
     
      	"You could move in here too," he repeated.  "You could have your own
room so that Bill doesn't realize he's being perused.  Then, when you've moved
all your stuff into his room, he'll be so comfortable he'll never notice that
you've claimed him."

     	Genie burst out laughing at their accurate assessment of Bill.  He was
head over heels in love with her, but outside of the mansion, was almost too shy
to hold her hand.  He couldn't get his head around a beautiful woman like her
dating him -- never mind all the other things she'd gotten him to do to her. 
She realized that if she had asked him to move in with her, as she only had a
small, one-bedroom apartment, he would have refused.  Not because he didn't want
to, but because he would have been afraid.  They were offering her a perfect
solution.
     
      	The normal objections came to mind, but she discarded most of them. 
After all, they wouldn't have offered if they didn't want her here, and it
wasn't like they didn't have the room.  Still, she worked for a living and
wasn't interested in a free ride.
     
      	"I'd really like to," she said, "but it would sort of be like taking
advantage of you guys."
     
      	"I'll tell you what," said Ken.  "You contribute toward household
expenses by giving us the money that you'd spend on food and utilities.  Sally
does the shopping, so you'd have to tell her if you have any type of food you
really like, or hate.  Give us half the money you'd usually spend on rent, and
we'll call it even."
     
      	"That hardly seems fair," she said.  "This place must cost a fortune to
run."
     
      	"Every little bit helps," smiled Ken.  "You can put the extra money away
in case you ever want to buy a house or something."
     
      	To her immense surprise, Genie experienced a pang at that thought.  She
couldn't imagine living anywhere but here and she hadn't even moved in yet! 
That made the decision a no-brainer, but she had a lease and said as much.
    
     	"Don't worry about it," said Ken.  "We'll get Lenny on it; he loves a
challenge."
    
     	Genie had no idea who that was, so Ken explained he was an attorney that
they retained.  As he said that, he realized that perhaps it was time to have a
house-warming party.  He smiled and wondered how hard it would be to get Joan
here.  Perhaps there was a way to get little Karen over as well; he knew that
Arianwen had seen her at least once a week, and he and Jane had just had a very
hot visit with her the other day.  That one was a serious handful.
    
     	They continued to talk for a little while, but it was just to help Genie
arrange her schedule to move in.
    
     	Ken called Lenny's cell phone a little while later to ask about what he
could do to help with Genie's lease.  He expected to get voice mail, especially
considering it was a Sunday night, but actually got Lenny.
    
     	"Oh," he said, "I'm sorry to call so late.  I was expecting to leave a
voice mail."
    
     	"Not to worry.  This is my private line and only a few people have it. 
I give it to people who are high up on my list of clients to be there for.
    
     	"Thanks," replied Ken.  "This is nothing earth-shattering, though.  I
have a friend who needs help with a lease."
    
     	"Oh?  Bad landlord?"
    
     	"I doubt it.  But she needs to break the lease.  Can you -- quietly --
arrange to have it paid out so that she can leave when she wants?  I don't want
to woman to know that's what's happening," said Ken.
    
     	Said woman was currently on her back on the sturdy coffee table in the
study.  Jane was between her legs, while Bill was at her mouth and it felt to
him that she was about to have a nice orgasm.
    
     	"Yup.  That'll be cake.  I assume that Ellen and Kim can handle the
financial details?"
    
     	"Yes," Ken replied.  He thought for a moment then said, "I don't know if
we're going to be able to pull this together or not, but I thinking about having
a small house warming this Friday.  If we do, are you busy?"
    
     	Lenny's voice seemed somewhat startled.  "Um, I don't think so."
    
     	"Hey, this isn't a command performance or anything.  If you are, then I
can wait another week or so."
    
    	"No, no, I'm sure Friday will be fine," returned Lenny quickly.  Ken
suspected that Lenny had actually had plans that he was going to cancel, and
wanted to smack himself on the head for making such an impulsive decision. 
Well, there was nothing for it.
    
     	"Excellent.  I'll talk to you tomorrow, and Sally or Arianwen should
have the details to you about this upcoming Friday no later than Wednesday."
    
     	They said goodbye and disconnected.  Ken went to find Sally to explain
the predicament he'd just gotten them into.
    
     	Sally was changing the baby in the nursery.  Little Christine smiled at
Ken, gurgling and grabbing one of his fingers in her own.  Her grip was pretty
strong for a baby.  When he told Sally what he'd just done, she looked at him
with that what-the-hell-were-you-thinking look that women seemed to be born
with.
    
     	"Well, I've been thinking about it for at least a week," he replied
somewhat defensively.
    
     	She just shook her head.  "Master Ken, if I can have Jane and Arianwen
to help, and IF you're not inviting a hundred people, it'll work out.  But
everyone you want to come might not be able to on such short notice."
    
     	"Actually, I thought about that.  It'll mainly be just the regular crew,
with the addition of Lenny, Joan and Karen.  Perhaps some friends of Jane's or
Arianwen's, or of you guys."
    
     	Sally shuddered.  Most of her friends were from her old church, and she
wanted nothing to do with them.  Ken frowned to himself as he realized that
Sally still had not left Nemetodunum since her first night here.  She roved the
grounds extensively, but had not left them.  Ken knew it was time for that to
end.
    
     	Monday, he talked to members of the household to see who they wanted to
invite.  Ari wanted to see if she could get her sister snuck over.  Ken knew
that she missed the other girl terribly.  Sally and Eric thought that maybe
their parents could come over.  Bill knew that Genie was already coming, so that
was that.  Once dinner had finished,  Ken pulled Sally aside.  He'd already
spoken to Eric about what he wanted, and Eric had no problem with it.
    
     	"When are you going to get the food for the party?" he asked.
    
     	"Oh, I'll make a list tomorrow, then get Ari or Jane to go for the food
on Wednesday," she answered.
    
     	"Sally," he said gently, "I want you to go with them when they get the
food."
    
     	"Why?" she asked, confused.  "They'll know what to get."
    
     	"It isn't that," Ken replied. "It's that you haven't left the mansion
since you became part of the Circle."
    
     	"I haven't needed to."
    
     	Ken just looked at her, and she sighed.  "Alright, I don't want to.  I
can't risk having them attack me again."
    
     	"Sally, you're protected from that.  No one's going to hurt you again."
    
     	"You don't know that.  How can I risk it?"
    
     	"You'll have to trust me.  And you need to trust Lea."
    
     	There were tears in her eyes as she looked at him.  She was really
afraid of leaving the protection of the mansion.  Ken knew she couldn't face
becoming the person they'd tried to turn her into.
    
     	"I do, but please Ken, I need more time.  Don't make me do this."
    
     	He wavered.  She really was petrified.
    
     	"Sally," came Lea's voice, "you must trust your High Priest and follow
his guidance."  Sally jumped as Lea set a hand on her shoulder.  "I know it is
hard for you, but I will not allow you to be harmed."
    
     	Sally turned and sobbed into the Goddess' arms.  Ken had seen this
coming, sort of.  She'd never really dealt with what had happened to her, being
thrust into an almost fantasy life where she could cook, tend to her husband and
raise her daughter.  She was content, more than content, since not only was she
able to do those things, but she could often submerge herself in her desire to
serve as a slave.
    
     	"Do you promise?" asked Sally, her breath hiccupping as she wiped her
eyes.
    
     	"The day after tomorrow, you will leave here with my Avatar.  You will
see that you are safe."  Lea's expression darkened slightly.  "I cannot lie to
you my love, it will not always be so.  But for now, you will be safe.  Leave
Christine here with your husband and go with Kenneth, Jane and Arianwen.  Spend
some time purchasing food for this party.  Enjoy what life has to offer you."
    
     	With a final kiss, Lea disappeared into the night.  Sally looked at Ken,
then nodded.  She firmed her resolve and said, "Wednesday afternoon, then."
    
     	Ken kissed her and smiled.  "Yes.  You'll be able to indulge your
passion for buying food.  It'll be fun."
    
     	Her return smile was somewhat tentative, but quite genuine.
    
     End Chapter 37




Avatar
Chapter 38

      	Ken continued to attend four martial arts classes a week.  He was slowly
getting back into the swing of things.  At least, he thought it was slow, but no
one else did.  He now easily rivaled Chad in skill and left him in the dust when
it came to grace and control.  The katas he'd been practicing for these last
weeks flowed with a smoothness and power that only the top students could match.
     
      	Ken, however, saw little of that.  The only person he compared himself
to was Sensei Turcotte.  Try as he might, he found he couldn't quite match the
effortless movements of the older man.  Weeks of stretching made it easier to
move the way he thought he should, and weight work with Eric had put more muscle
mass on his body.  He noticed there were several women in the class giving him
the eye.
     
      	He knew it, but never encouraged it.  He did not intend to combine his
study with what he now thought of as his vocation: a Priest.  He didn't even use
his power, any of it, in class.  When he got tired, he got tired.  He knew he
could use some of the energy that he always carried to help him through, but
never did.
     
      	It wasn't that he was worried about running out of energy.  Everyone in
the Circle tended to have sex at least once a day, often more than once, so
there as plenty to collect.  Interestingly, those of the Circle tended to
produce purer, more powerful sexual energy than other people did. 
     
     	Everyone was learning to moderate their activities with non-Circle
people so that they didn't tire them out too much.  However, he had noticed that
a sustained sexual relationship between a Circle and non-Circle person made the
non-Circle person more eager for sex, not less.  Their stamina even increased,
just not to the same level as someone in the Circle.  Interestingly, a Priest or
Priestess could feed back some of the energy that had been produced, which would
allow their non-Circle partner to keep up, so to speak.
    
     	Despite the fact that non-Circle folks were more eager for sex, it
wasn't that they weren't being satisfied.  When they left the mansion, they
often felt fulfilled in a way that they'd rarely felt before.  If they were
offered sex, they were still quite eager for it.  Ken started to think of people
who the Circle had sex with, but weren't followers of Lea, as Adherents.
     
      	Eric, of course, was curious about the mechanics of how the energy
absorption/creation worked, because it didn't seem to follow the laws of energy
conservation.  Circle people could feed back energy to Adherents, but it seemed
to require far less energy to revive the person than the Circle member had
absorbed to begin with. 
     
      	Eric had asked Lea about this and She smiled and said, "Magic is not
obliged to follow the rules of Man."
     
      	Ken knew that Eric would never leave that alone.

      	He exited the dojo to find Arianwen pulling up in her Mini.  Only rarely
did one of the women stay for the class any more, but they still insisted on
taking him and picking him up.  Ken knew that Chad was watching as the teen
jumped out and ran around to kiss him.  She was well worth watching, that was
for sure.  She was wearing an extremely short, green, pleated skirt that barely
covered her beautiful ass.  On top was a translucent white top that one could
almost see the dusky red of her nipples through, which outlined her rings quite
clearly.   It stopped just below her breasts and the back consisted of just a
few straps.  Her flaming red hair spilled down her back in curling waves.  She
looked so tiny against him, since she was wearing flat sandals.  Her kiss left
no doubt that he was her lover though. 
     
      	Chad turned away, his arousal growing, as was his animosity towards Ken.
     
      	Once they were in the car, Ken said, "Ari, you shouldn't tease Chad like
that."
     
      	She looked at him quizzically.  "That asshole?  I barely noticed him. 
It was Sensei Turcotte's attention I was trying to get."  She sighed in
frustration.  "I don't understand him.  He watches me, Jane too, but I can't get
a single thing from him.  Can you read him at all, Master?"
     
      	"No, I'm afraid I can't," replied Ken.  That should have worried him,
but it didn't.  Another thing he'd found very interesting was the fact that he'd
completely forgotten to ask Lea about the man every single time he saw Her.  He
didn't mention this to Ari though.

	Ken made sure that he got a hold of the same courier that Lenny had used
and had him hand-deliver the invitations for the housewarming.  He hoped it
would be enough time for everyone to respond.

	On Wednesday, the four of them jumped into the X5 for Sally's first trip
off the grounds of the mansion.  She was nervous, but her Goddess had given her
a command and she would obey it.  Ken felt her shudder as they left the grounds
and the shields protecting Nemetodunum fell away.  He reached over, took her
hand and smiled.  She tried to smile back and felt Jane's arms wrap around her
from the back seat.
     
      	"We're with you, my Sister," said Jane.  "No one will hurt you."
     
      	Sally nodded silently.
     
      	The first two stops went well, and Sally began feeling much like her old
self, laughing and joking with her Circle.  The third stop held a surprise for
her: she bumped into a woman from her old congregation.
     
      	"Sally," beamed the woman, who was slightly older than Sally, "where
have you been?  We haven't seen you at services in weeks."  The woman was
clearly trying to ignore Jane, whose hand Sally had been holding as they
shopped.  Ken and Arianwen walked up behind the woman.
     
      	Sally paled a bit, but neither backed away nor let go of Jane's hand.
     
      	"Hello, Marge," said Sally. "You haven't seen us because Eric and I have
left the church."
     
      	"Oh?" frowned Marge.  "I didn't know you had moved.  Which church are
you at now?"  The woman clearly misunderstood.
     
      	"Actually, Eric and I have moved, but when I said we've left the church,
I meant we've left the church period -- not your particular parish."
     
      	Sally was handling herself pretty well, but Ken could feel anger
building in her.  Marge, of course, was oblivious to it.  Sally, despite the
fact that she knew Marge was in no way responsible for what had happened to her,
still wanted nothing to do with the woman.  That worried Ken a bit.
     
      	Marge was taken aback by Sally's attitude.  "I'm sorry to hear that,"
her glance sliding to Jane.  The insinuation was obvious;  Sally was having a
homosexual affair -- most likely without her husbands knowledge.
     
      	Ken knew that that was exactly what Margie was thinking: that Sally had
been seduced by Jane, and that Jane was responsible for her leaving the church. 
Considering some of the unGodly causes that Sally supported, it was no surprise
that something like this had happened. 
     
      	"Sally dear, you really should reconsider."  Again she turned a
distasteful eye toward Jane.  "God forgives all, even those who have blasphemed
against His will."  She returned eyes to Sally and smiled, "Remember dear, only
those who love Him and accept His mercy will be saved in the end."
     
      	This was the point where Ken felt Sally could react in one of two ways. 
She could either break down and start crying -- Ken could feel that possibility
in her, slight as it was -- or she could physically attack the woman.  She was
that angry.  To his surprise, she did neither.
     
      	"Thanks Marge, but I'm already saved.  And I know more about your God's
mercy than I want to.  Good-bye."
     
      	Marge was confused.  Something had obviously happened to the woman, but
the only possibility she could think of was that Jane had seduced her into evil. 
As they started to walk away, Marge grabbed Jane's arm.
     
      	The taller woman looked down at Marge, who said, "You can be saved as
well.  Come to Him and share His light."
     
      	Jane looked down at the hand on her arm, then smiled and said, "I have
all the light I need in my life, thank you." 
     
      	Then she did something Ken had never seen her do.  She pushed with just
a tiny amount of power.  She made no attempt to create a fantasy for Marge, who
had no homosexual leanings at all.  But Jane did manage to cause a sexual rush
to flash through Marge's body.  The older woman removed her hand as if it was
being burned.
     
      	"Perhaps," said Jane, "You aren't as pure as you thought you were." 
With a knowing smile she and Sally walked away.  Marge never did connect Sally
as being with Ken and Arianwen, although she gave them a look of disgust as she
walked by.  She was miffed by the teen's overtly sexual appearance and wondered
why Ken didn't do anything about it.  She didn't give them too much thought,
though, since her body was still tingling from Jane's touch.
     
      	Sally was quiet on the way back home, but not depressed.  Ken could see
her thinking about the reactions to the woman she'd talked to.  She wasn't happy
that she'd gotten as angry as she had.  After all, it wasn't as if Marge had
been the one to attack her.

     	Amazingly enough, by Thursday, he'd heard from almost everyone that he'd
sent an invite to, including Sally's mom and Eric's parents.  That made Sally a
bit nervous, but it wasn't like she hadn't been talking to them on the phone. 
They were anxious to see their granddaughter and didn't really care what the
excuse was. 
           
      	Ken also made sure that certain people knew there'd be a play party
starting Saturday morning and lasting to Sunday night -- or Monday morning,
depending on when they wanted to leave. 
     
      	Genie had moved in that Wednesday; with Eric, Ken, Arianwen and Jane
helping, it was quick and efficient.  She didn't tell Bill, who'd moved in on
Monday.  As wrapped up as he was in classes and the work he was doing in the
mansion, he appeared not to notice his girlfriend was living with them now.  Ken
suspected that wasn't the case, but he didn't make a habit of constantly using
his talent to read people's thoughts, although often he seemed not to be able to
help getting surface thoughts.  People deserved their privacy.

      	Later on Thursday, he found Arianwen sitting in the Garden, head in
hands.  She was upset, to say the least.
     
      	"Ari," he said sitting beside her, "what's wrong?"
     
      	She looked up with tears in her eyes and he hugged her.
     
      	"I'm sorry, Master," she said after a minute.  "Is there something I can
do for you?"
     
      	"Yes, there is," he chuckled.  "You could tell me what's going on."
     
      	She sighed and looked around.  "This is all so unreal sometimes.  I
mean, it's only been a month, and my life is completely different from anything
I'd ever imagined.  It's wonderful and fantastic but..."  she didn't go on.
     
      	"You miss Tina."
     
      	"Yeah.  My mom too -- at least the mom she used to be.  But every time I
talk to Tina, it seems like things are getting worse for her.  I feel guilty
living like this while she's a virtual prisoner.  Mom's gonna force her to go to
this religious summer camp.  She's barely allowed out of the house anymore and
she says Mom's always going through her stuff."
     
      	Ken wondered what the hell was going on with that woman.  Her actions
didn't seem rational.
     
      	"Plus," Ari continued,  "she says that this new pastor, Father Bob, is
really creeping her out.  It's not like he's putting on the moves or anything,
but the whole church has changed since he got there.  She says it's like they've
gone all born again, or something."

      	"Is there anything I can do?" asked Ken.
     
      	"I don't think so.  Tina's just turned fifteen, so she can't leave on
her own.  I talked to Lenny and he said there wasn't really anything we could do
-- unless mom throws her out like she did to me, or starts beating her."  Ari
was clearly upset at this state of affairs, and Ken didn't blame her.
     
      	Later that day, Ken went through all the returned invitations.  He
noticed that despite the 'and guest' part of the invitation, Joan had elected to
come alone.   Ken grinned at that and wondered what she'd think of the party
that was starting on Saturday.  Perhaps she could be introduced to it; she'd
certainly enjoyed the little fantasy that he'd let her experience when she was
here that first time.
     
      	He clicked an icon on the computer desktop to read his email.  He liked
the program that Bill had found for them to use, it was powerful, intuitive and
worked very well.  Bill had been very busy since the first play party.  Ken was
starting to wonder if the guy ever slept.  Genie had no complaints, but then
Genie had spent several nights with someone in the Circle.
     
      	Many of the rooms in the mansion, especially the important ones, now had
computer screens in them.  In addition to being able to surf the net and get
email, they acted as an intercom system as well.  Bill hadn't limited himself to
the computers, either, and had been tinkering with the estate alarm system with
Jane (to Ken's surprise) intently watching him.  Plus, Eric and Bill had been
busy spec-ing out the robotic vacuum cleaners that Ari had requested. 
Originally, Ken hadn't thought they'd go anywhere with that, but it appeared
they were serious.  Eric was even talking about designing a system to do the
lawn and clean the pools. 
     
      	Ken started reading his email.  Lately, he'd noticed that he was getting
no spam in his email.  None.  Not a single piece.  His Yahell account had tons
of it, but not his home account.  Obviously, Bill had done something, again. 
Bill was even more of a genius than Ken had realized, and his cohort Eric seemed
to be getting smarter by the day, too.  With those two around, Ken found himself
learning more about computers, software and robotics simply for self-defense,
since he didn't like sounding like an idiot during a conversation.  Though, come
to think of it, he himself seemed to be retaining information more easily than
ever before, and understanding what he remembered with surprising ease. 
     
      	He suspected it was time to have a talk with Lea.  She tended to be
close-mouthed about changes She made in the humans who served Her.  Ken had
always been pretty bright, but nowadays things seemed to come to him very
quickly.  He'd noticed the trend in Jane and Sally, as well.  Eric and Arianwen
had already been incredibly quick on the uptake, but now they were bordering on
frightening.
     
      	However, that was for later, whenever his Goddess might choose to make
an appearance.  Since Bill was home, Ken decided to find out what he'd done
about the spam.  He smiled as he walked upstairs. 
     
      	As usual, Bill was in the lab, sitting in front of dual twenty-one-inch
flat screens.  He was frowning at the lines of code that appeared in several
editors he had open.  Ken had become passingly familiar with C++ and even some
assembler, but this looked to be neither.
     
      	"Hey, Bill," he said.
     
      	"Hi, Ken," replied the young man, his eyes not leaving the screen.  He
was obviously absorbed, so Ken decided he'd talk to him later.  He started to
leave, when Bill swung around in his chair.
     
      	"What's up?"
     
      	"Nothing major.  I can come back later, if you'd like," replied Ken.
     
      	"Na, I need a break anyway."
     
      	"Did you create some sort of spam filter?  I notice that I haven't
gotten any at all."
     
      	Bill smiled and said, "Good.  Yeah, it's new.  I didn't think you'd mind
if I tested it here.  Don't worry, all the email has been saved, but there's no
spam going to the individual accounts."  He suddenly looked worried, "Do you
think that you're missing mail?"
     
      	"I doubt it.  I was just wondering what was going on."
     
      	Bill was dodging something, Ken knew, but he wasn't willing to read him
to find out what it was.
     
      	"If you have any trouble with it, let me know, okay?"  Bill spun his
chair back toward the screens, then back around to face Ken again.  "Oh yeah,
and we should be getting in some new hardware and a couple of vacuums from
Germany -- maybe tomorrow.  We only got two of the vacuums, because Eric thinks
that we're gonna have to rebuild the things from the ground up -- new boards,
new firmware, everything.  He said I could put them to the house account because
they were for Arianwen."
     
      	"Ah yes, the vacuum project.  I'm sure Ari will appreciate not having to
do that, it'll give her more time for other things."
     
      	Bill blushed slightly, then smiled.  He knew all about the 'other
things' Ari was involved in.  He'd rarely woken up alone any morning when he
slept here.  Genie almost always slept in his bed, but was often gone to work
when he got up -- or came to bed, depending on what he was working on.  However,
Ari, Jane or even Sally were almost always with him when he woke. 
     
      	The first time Sally had been with him, he'd been a little nervous. 
Eric was a big guy, and the last thing Bill wanted to do was piss him off by
having sex with his wife.  Sally was a Priestess though, and Bill didn't stand
much of a chance once she'd decided she wanted him to play with her.  At
breakfast that morning, Eric made it plain that he had no problem with him and
Sally having sex.  He said it would be good experience for Bill to learn how to
play with different slaves.
     
      	"Yeah," returned Bill, thinking of Arianwen with time on her hands, "As
if she needed an excuse."
     
      	They both laughed, and Ken left Bill to his work.
     
      	There was no class on Fridays, so Ken entered the room he used as a dojo
to do a light workout.  It always seemed so peaceful in here, and he enjoyed the
cool, quiet room.  He'd installed a heavy bag and a speed bag, and there were
some mats, but he never used those figuring that he should practice falls on a
non padded surface.
     
      	He was deep in a kata when Jane entered.  She, and sometimes Arianwen,
seemed to end up in this room while he practiced.  They sat, silently, and
watched him.  This morning, to his surprise, when he started one of the basic
katas, Jane stood and joined him.
     
      	She moved quite gracefully.  She wasn't as sure in her movements as him,
but he could see that she had a lot of potential.  He finished an hour later. 
She'd followed all basic movements and intently watched the more advanced ones. 
He'd even shown her some of the more simple techniques.  It was good to work
with someone; only so much could be done in a mirror.
     
      	When they finished, he said, "Would you like me to see if Sensei will
take you as a student?"
     
      	"No, Master."  Her reply was firm, if somewhat puzzling.
     
      	They made love while they showered, and Ken could feel Jane's growing
restlessness.  Her body enjoyed what they did, but she needed more.  Well,
tomorrow, she'd get more.  Still, she did seem happier when, after he came in
her pussy, he put her on her knees to clean his cock -- then emptied his bladder
into her mouth.  She groaned in submission, her body flaming with a passion that
simple lovemaking couldn't ignite.  He ended up by forcefully fucking her
throat, which really got her off.  She was denied an orgasm and knew that he was
beginning to prepare her for tomorrow.
     
      	They were getting dressed when Jane said in a hesitant voice, "Sir,
tomorrow is Litha, the Summer Solstice."
     
      	"Yes," he replied, then he smiled.  "Don't you think a day-long play
party is a fitting celebration?"
     
      	She smiled and laughed, "I'm sure that it's appropriate."
     
      	"But, you'd like a formal ritual with the Circle, wouldn't you?"
     
      	"Yes, Sir, if it's okay."
     
      	"Hey, love, you don't need my permission for worship, you know that. 
Besides, I think it's a great idea too.  We could break early on Saturday and
have the ritual.  I'm sure Sally can cook us up some appropriate food," he said.
     
      	"Master, I think it might break up the flow of the day too much if we do
it Saturday.  What do you think of doing it Sunday?"
     
      	"We could do that.  Aside from when we raised the gate, I've never done
a formal ritual, so I don't really know what to expect," he replied.
     
      	"I'll work things out with Sally.  We can do it after everyone leaves
for the day.  Except, I think that Annette is going to want to stay, and I'm
sure that Genie, and maybe Bill, will want to participate."
     
      	"Sounds like a plan," Ken smiled.
     
      	The rest of the day was a whirlwind of preparations for the evening. 
People had been told that they should feel free to bring a swim suit because the
pool and hot tub would be available.  He knew that all of the women in the
mansion swam nude -- hell, they were unclothed most of the time, but he
suspected that some of the guests would not be so inclined.
     
      	Jane once again found herself in a tight corset.  It was a beautiful
design, all black and red, and heavily boned.  In addition to that, she was
plugged fore and aft, and the strap holding the plugs in was lined with short
rubber spikes.  Her dress, short as it was, still artfully hid the restrictive
corset, while at the same time showing off her beautiful figure.  Her body had
continued to tone and tan, as had Sally's and Arianwen's (well, Ari toned, but
she didn't seem to tan).
     
      	The women had discovered one advantage to being a Priestess that made
them all very, very happy: if they decided that part of their body shouldn't
have hair, the hair didn't grow.  Even Eric and Ken didn't need to shave their
faces.  At one point Ken, just for fun, managed to grow a short goatee over
night.  He'd noticed Jane's eyes narrow over that little trick and could see the
gears turning in her head.  Arianwen and Sally mentioned that perhaps he should
reconsider having one, while Genie simply thought it looked a fake.  He shaved
it after dinner that evening.
     
      	Arianwen was also wearing a beautiful skirt and top which was quite
conservative, for her, anyway.  At least there was enough cloth to hide her
nipples.  Which was good, since she'd elected to wear the shields behind her
piercings and they caused her nipples to stay hard and protrude quite a bit. 
Even so, Ken noticed that if she wasn't careful, someone would get a very clear
view of the piercings anyway.  Her only other adornment was a long, somewhat
narrow plug that Ken had inserted deep in her ass, which caused the teen to
shiver with lust.
     
      	Sally, Ken knew, had been prepared by Eric.  Like Jane, she wore a very
classy dress (they'd managed to cajole her into a clothes-shopping trip to get
her away from the mansion again) that was both sexy and elegant.  She was
wearing a bra, since she was still nursing.  However, Eric had placed a leather
strap around the base of each breast.  With the bra on, you couldn't see them,
or the fact that they caused her breasts to swell.  But Sally certainly knew
they were there.  Another strap went around her waist and between her legs,
nestling between her inner lips and rubbing her clit with every step.  Sally had
a very bright light in her eyes by the time the guests had started to arrive.
     
      	Ken could feel Arianwen and Karen's intense arousal when they got to the
mansion.  Ari had gone to pick the girl up, though this was possibly not the
best choice of chauffeurs.  It was clear that something had gone on, and kissing
Karen when she arrived gave Ken a healthy taste of Ari's pussy, which confirmed
his suspicions.
     
      	As Karen looked around in amazement at the entrance hall, Ari leaned
close and whispered, "When I showed her the piercings, she discovered that she
could make me cum if she pulled them hard enough.  I made her clean me up
afterward."
     
      	"Oh?" replied Ken in a mild voice. "And who was it that gave you
permission to cum?"
     
      	Arianwen went red and would have dropped to her knees right then and
there if not for Ken's restraining hand. 
     
      	"Don't worry, Minx, I'm just teasing," he smiled.  He sensed her relief
that she hadn't disappointed him, though there was a bit of disappointment that
she wouldn't be punished.  Just a little.  Ken looked at her sharply.
     
      	"Do you want to be placed under the same restrictions as Jane?"  he
asked.
     
      	Ari thought for a moment and said, "Sometimes."
     
      	Ken leaned down and kissed her, and said, "I'm sure we'll be able to
figure something out.  Now, why don't you get Sally to introduce you to her Mom
and Eric's parents?"
     
      	Lenny showed up next, with his partner David in tow.  So, Ken mused,
this was the other half of the relationship.  	
     
      	Sex between men held no interest for Ken, nor did it hold any
repugnance.  He could see the strong bond these two shared and was surprised
that two men so young would love each other so deeply.
     
      	"Lenny," said Ken shaking the smaller man's hand, "it's great to see you
again."
     
      	"You too, Ken," said Lenny.  "I'd like to introduce my partner, David."
     
      	Ken gave David a wide grin and shook his hand.  He was bigger than
Lenny, but without quite the same level of boundless energy that Lenny radiated. 
He was also, Ken realized, quite annoyed.  Ken scanned him and found that Lenny
had lied to him: he and David had already had plans.  Just the two of them,
dinner tonight and an all too rare day at the beach together tomorrow.  And lots
of sex.  Yup, David was a little pissed, even after Lenny had told him that Ken
was very cool.  David had said if Ken was that cool, then he'd understand if
they declined, but Lenny remained firm. 
     
      	Introducing David as his partner was a litmus test for Ken.  Ken could
assume that David worked with Lenny, and if he seemed uncomfortable with the
fact that they were a couple, that was how they'd play it.  But if he wasn't, it
would tell them a great deal about Ken.
     
      	Ken was looking for a way to offer them some compensation for having
ruined their night together, but couldn't think of anything appropriate. 
Interestingly enough, he could see that David didn't realize that Lenny was a
sub.  No surprise there, since the smaller man was such a fireball.
     
      	"It's really great to meet you, David."  Ken paused for a moment, then
said, "Look, I'm really sorry if I ruined any plans you might have had.  Trust
me when I tell you that Sally and the other ladies had a fit about the short
notice."  He shook his head and pulled them to the side, "I know what a nutso
schedule Lenny keeps, so if you guys need to take off, don't feel like you
really have to stay.  If you do stay, I can promise you an excellent dinner and,
hopefully, good conversation.  But I promise I won't take offense if you need to
slip out. We can have dinner together another night."
     
      	Lenny was about to respond, when Ken said, "Speaking of Sally, I have to
check on something in the kitchen.  We'll talk if you're here when I get back,
OK?"
     
      	David's eyes were bugged out when Ken left, and he heard the man
starting to wonder about him.  How Ken had acted didn't fit with what David knew
about ultra-rich people.  In his experience, they rarely were concerned with
what other people thought or felt, considering their time to be more important
than anyone else's.
     
      	A few other people arrived, some friends of Genie's, and Sandy showed
up.  Ken thought Sandy was going to melt on the spot when she was introduced to
Karen.  The little pixy-like girl stood just over five feet, and between her and
Arianwen, Sandy thought she was going to pass out from desire.  Ari felt it, and
whispered "Later," to Sandy.
     
      	Conversation groups formed and broke apart as people sampled small items
from the buffet.  Ann, Sally's mother, and Helen, Eric's mother, were in another
room, cooing over the baby, and Ken heard them remark on how much Sandy had
changed in the last few weeks.  They were astonished that the tanned, fit young
woman was the same one who'd been so pale and still carrying extra weight from
the pregnancy only a few weeks ago.
     
      	Dinner was stellar.  Sandy had cooked up a storm, and one would have
been hard pressed to get a better meal in an expensive restaurant.
     
      	After dinner, some people elected to swim in the pool -- mainly Genie,
her friends and Bill.  Ari, Sandy and Karen disappeared.  Ken knew they were
having sex in one of the bedrooms upstairs.  Sally, Jane, Ann and Helen were all
talking about the baby, and Ken found himself pulled to the side by Eric's
father.
     
      	"You're not what I expected," stated Davyn bluntly.
     
      	"Oh?" said Ken handing the older man a beer.  Davyn was an older version
of Eric with grayish hair.  "What was it you expected?"
     
      	Davyn smiled and said, "When Eric told me he'd moved in here, I thought
you'd be one of those flakes that had just gotten a pile of money, but had no
idea what to do with it, so he was throwing it away.  Here, I find several
high-finance types, and Lenny, who even I've heard of.  Joan tells me she deals
in high-end real estate.  Even that young girl, what's-her-name, Arianwen, is
into some kind of biotech.  I made the mistake of asking her to tell me about
it, and she lost me in about one paragraph."
     
      	"Then, I'd suggest you don't ask Bill about what he's studying.  He
loses all of us, except your son, in about four words."
     
      	They both laughed, and Ken could tell that the man had been worried
about his son and daughter-in-law.  They continued to talk, and Ken found that
he liked the older Solberg a lot.  Eric's comment about becoming a grease monkey
was explained when Ken discovered that Davyn owned a small shop that did custom
modifications on very high-end car engines.  Ken could see where Eric had gotten
his brains from, especially after Helen joined them and it turned out that she
did research on various alloys that could withstand the heat and pressure
Davyn's engines produced.  Ken expressed surprise that Davyn hadn't been
recruited by some of the larger car manufacturers.  Davyn shook his head.
     
      	"Not a chance!  I've watched a lot of guys like me over the years.  Most
sold out to the big corps or the racing concerns.  Others were driven completely
out of business when their ideas didn't jive with what the oil boys wanted to
see.  Couple just disappeared."
     
      	Ken smiled and said, "And here I thought all those conspiracies were
fake."
     
      	"Son, YOU put together an engine that gets a hundred miles to the gallon
and try to sell it."
     
      	Helen put her hand on the man's arm, and he smiled and shook his head. 
They changed the topic.
     
      	Later that evening, Ken walked into the study.  Lenny and David were
looking through the book collection and holding hands.  They split apart when
they noticed Ken, and David looked a little defiant, as if daring Ken to say
something about what he'd seen.
     
      	"If you see anything you like, let me know and I'll let you borrow it,"
Ken said.
     
      	He did feel a little weird when he looked at them.  Despite David's
nervousness at having been outted, both were attracted to him; it was an odd
sensation.  Low levels of sexual tension had been drifting through the mansion
all evening.  Ken had noticed Davyn's eyes on Arianwen and Karen when they'd
gone to the pool.  Considering that the suits they were wearing left little to
the imagination, that was no surprise.  He'd also had an eye for Annette, who
was looking stunning, when Ken had introduced her and Gary.
     
      	But to feel desire from two men directed toward himself was definitely
odd.  It felt almost like a color that he hadn't seen before, or a sound he
couldn't quite identify.  He had no sexual response to their desire at all,
despite being able to absorb the energy.
     
      	"Guys, look," said Ken.  "This is my home, and in this house and on its
grounds no one needs to hide their love for someone.  It's not going to offend
anyone.  Surely you noticed Ellen and Kim?"
     
      	The two women had not been very circumspect.  They hadn't been all over
each other, despite the fact that Kim was once again wearing cinnamon oil on a
freshly-whipped pussy and was climbing the walls, but they'd held hands and
stood with their arms around each other.  It was obvious they were a couple.
     
      	Almost no one gave it a second thought, except Sally's mother Ann, who
he saw eyeing them.  She wasn't upset, but she was curious.  Her husband had
been far more conservative than she, and had been the driving force behind them
being involved in the church.  He had died many years ago, and she wondered why
she'd never been attracted to another man, despite numerous attempts at dating. 
     
      	"It's habit," said Lenny.  "People get uncomfortable."
     
      	"Not here," said Ken firmly.  "You'll find as you spend more time here,
that we are not your average group of people."
     
      	At that moment, Gary and Annette walked in and joined them.  Neither
even batted an eye when David took Lenny's hand in his own.  Annette just smiled
warmly at them, and Gary continued a conversation he'd started earlier with
Lenny.
     
      	Ken smiled.  The evening was going very well.
     
      End Chapter 38




Avatar

Chapter 39

      	Ken found Joan in the Garden.  They hadn't had much time to speak since
she'd arrived, but Ken had felt she was a little uncomfortable.
     
      	Not only was she still very attracted to Ken - and, God help her Jane
and Arianwen (although Joan could have sworn the girl's name had been Ally when
they'd been originally introduced), but the big guy Eric was making her knees
week as well.  She felt kind of sad, knowing that at one time in her life she
would have been able to compete with Jane's beauty.  Now, she just felt out
classed.  And old. 
     
      	Loneliness filled her as she stood in the Garden.  She'd thrown a lot of
effort into her business, but as had been noted by others, a business didn't
keep her warm at night.  She jumped and wiped her eyes as she realized that Ken
was standing across from her.
     
      	"Ken, hi, I didn't see you there," she said.
     
      	"You okay?" he asked as he walked toward her.
     
      	"Uh, yeah.  Fine.  Just allergies," she lied.  "But it's such a
beautiful garden I couldn't resist.  I don't remember it being quite like this
the last time I was here.  I can't decide what's changed though."
     
      	If only you knew, thought Ken, how very much has changed.  He could see
the faintly glowing Circle, but knew that Joan could not.  His vision blurred
for a moment and he saw Joan, dressed in a thin, white robe, passionately
kissing Jane.  The vision faded.  Hmmm.
     
      	"Well, little things have changed, here and there," said Ken with a
smile. 
     
      	He moved closer to her and felt her heart rate jump a bit.  Arousal
began to seep through her, but longing and loneliness kept it mostly at bay. 
They began to talk.  Joan found Ken very easy to talk to and ended up telling
him more than she would have ever told anyone else.  After all, it wasn't like
she really knew him.  Still, feeling as she did tonight, she ended up sobbing on
him for a short time.
     
      	"Shit," she said wiping her eyes, "there goes the image of a hard core
business woman."
     
      	"Somehow, I doubt that you let your emotions affect your business
decisions," smiled Ken.
     
      	Except were you are concerned, Joan thought.  She hadn't been able to
get him out of her head ever since they'd met, try as she might.  Nightly
masturbation sessions had seen to that.  Recalling her fantasy, she'd even taken
to sucking her juices off her fingers while she fingered herself.  The
embarrassment of liking the taste hadn't stopped her from continuing the
practice.
     
      	Since she was sitting so close, it was easy for Ken to rub her shoulder. 
She was very tense, but when he touched her, arousal flared in her body.  Oddly,
she felt very safe here in the this garden, opening herself to this man.  And
opening herself was exactly what she wanted to do.  She wanted him to take her,
she wanted to know she was desirable enough to be taken.
     
      	Fear and disappointment began dousing her arousal as she once again
thought of her competition.  No way she was as beautiful as those two.  Hell,
even the woman who'd had a kid six months ago looked better than she did!
     
      	Ken kissed her.  She looked startled and returned the kiss which he
quickly broke off.
     
      	"Shit," he said, "I'm sorry.  I shouldn't have done that, but you're
very beautiful."
     
      	This, Ken knew, was a good way to seduce her.  The fact that she was so
beautiful, even though she didn't see it, made it his comment truthful, for all
that he wanted to seduce her.  He wanted her, but without the use of magick. 
With it, he could have her stripped in seconds, but somehow he thought of that
as a betrayal of what the power was.
     
      	Jane appeared in the Garden and walked up to the two.  Joan started to
panic.  She'd be ruined if Jane had seen them kissing!
     
      	"Hi," said Jane as she walked up to them.  Ken felt she was very horny
from the strap and plugs between her legs.  Unlike Ken, she had no compunction
what so ever about using her ability to seduce Joan, but sensed that Ken wanted
to handle it differently.  Besides, her read of Joan showed it wasn't necessary.
     
      	"Sally's mom is leaving soon.  I thought you'd want to know," she said
kissing Ken.  Then, to Joan's absolute shock, she leaned over and kissed her;
right on the lips!
     
      	"If you want, I'll tell her you're indisposed and see that you're not
bothered." She ran a hand down Joan's arm, her caress sending a shiver of lust
through the woman.  "You two have fun and I'll see you later."
     
      	She gently kissed Joan again, then Ken and left.  Joan was just a bit
shocked.  Jane's casual kiss had set a fire in her belly, and she desperately
tried to contain herself.  She stood to leave.

   	"Joan," said Ken.  His voice was firm and it stopped her.  "Turn around
and look at me."

    	Silent, hating herself, she did.

    	"You're making a decision without all the information you need."

    	That comment caught her by surprise.  What the hell was he talking
about?

    	"You're worried that you'd be intruding on Jane and I," Ken stood and
took a step so that he stood near her.  "You're not."

    	Joan frowned.  "You mean you two aren't lovers?"

    	She'd be so disappointed if he lied to her. 

    	"Of course we're lovers," he smiled.  "I'd think that was obvious.  But
she meant it when she said that we should have fun and that we wouldn't be
interrupted by anyone else."

    	"You have an open relationship," Joan made that a statement.

    	"Yes, but there's a bit more to it than that.  A bit more than I want to
go into right now."  He placed a hand on Joan's shoulder and a shiver of lust
threaded its way down her nerves.  Ken was surprised because he wasn't using any
power at all, and he had the pheromones throttled way back.

    	"I don't understand," she replied.  Joan was confused and her confusion
could turn to misery, or deeper lust, depending on how he played it.

    	"She knows I think you're very attractive.  She also thinks you're
attractive, but wasn't sure how you'd react to her interest."  That was a lie --
Jane knew the woman would have sex with her.  She also knew that Joan was very
confused and decided that it was best if Ken handled this alone.

    	"You don't have to be alone, Joan.  Not tonight -- not any night.  We
live a very different sort of life here.  One I think you would like a lot."  He
ran a hand through her hair, then gripped the back lightly.  Her breath caught. 
"Give me an hour.  Just one hour.  If at any time you want me to stop, simply
say red and I'll stop."

    	Joan wanted this.  She wanted him.  She wanted her fantasy, but as an
adult, had all too much experience that said she was asking for trouble.  His
lips came closer and hers parted in anticipation.  Once he claimed the kiss she
was lost.

    	It was more like two hours later when she came to her senses.  Once Ken
knew she wanted him, he had no reservations about using his power to make things
better for her.  Joan, for her part, had completely surrendered herself to him. 
She did whatever he wanted her to do and reveled in it.  She'd never liked a man
to go down on her, but when she protested he just ignored her.  Joan quickly got
over her embarrassment and came hard as his fingers curled in her vagina and his
tongue sucked her clit.  He obviously had no problem with what she smelled or
tasted like.  He'd flipped her over after she came and entered her from behind. 
She moaned, realizing that it would take very little for him to fuck her ass. 
Once he was fully inside her pussy though, she was thankful he hadn't tried. 
He'd have split her in two.

    	After fucking her to another orgasm, Ken had her blow him, knowing that
her taste on his cock would drive her wild.  He'd controlled her bobbing head by
gripping her nipples and pulling them in the direction he wanted to go.  He
spanked her, reddening her ass while he masturbated her to orgasm and made her
beg for more.  She did everything he wanted and, for the first time in her life,
let herself give in completely to a lover.  In the end, when he took her ass,
she welcomed the pain and even managed to cum when he dumped his load in her
asshole.

    	She woke up in his arms, a blanket underneath them.  Joan had fallen
asleep after Ken had taken her that last time.  She was sore, but more satisfied
than she'd ever been in her whole life.  Jane had come into the Garden with the
blanket, and Joan had only murmured sleepily as he lifted her onto it.  He
curled around her and Jane kissed him and left.

    	Joan woke up somewhat disoriented.  She was naked, in a man's arms,
outside.   She looked at Ken, then blushed and buried her head in his chest.

    	"Hey, what's wrong?" he asked.

    	"God, you must think I'm a complete slut," she mumbled into his chest. 
"A psychotic slut at that."

    	"Joan," he said, pushing on her chin so that she could meet his eyes,
"did you enjoy yourself?"

    	She nodded, eyes bright and happy.  The loneliness had retreated,
leaving her soft brown eyes wide and clear.  She nodded, happy, somewhat
embarrassed, and, god help her, still a bit aroused.

    	"So did I.  And in this house, that counts for a lot.  We don't make
judgments -- at least not of the type you're used to, and we try to love each
other and see to each other's needs." 

    	Joan stiffened in his arms and he knew she'd seen Jane approaching.  She
tried to cover herself, but Ken wouldn't let her.

    	"You have nothing to hide from Jane," he whispered in her ear. 
"Besides, you can still use your word."

    	She resolutely did not say anything as the younger woman approached.  At
first Joan thought she was nude, but she was wearing a black bikini.  Joan
realized that she may as well have been nude, because it covered almost nothing.

    	"I brought coffee for you two," she said kneeling gracefully next to
them.  She acted as if she served two naked people everyday, one of them her own
lover who had just obviously had sex with a stranger.  Jane handed Ken a
steaming mug, and he smiled and thanked her.  It was warm out, but Joan wanted
the caffeine to help clear her head, so she took the cup that was offered to her
as well.

    	"Thank you," said Joan, still nervous.

    	"You're welcome," replied the other woman with a warm smile.

    	Ken knew that Joan felt this should be awkward, but in truth, she was
just too relaxed to feel anything but happy and satisfied.  Jane stayed and they
talked.  Not about what she had Ken just done, but about the mansion and how
they were settling in.  About Sally, Eric and the baby, and how they fit in
here.  Joan was surprised to learn about Bill and Genie living here and laughed
when they told her that they thought Bill still hadn't realized that Genie had
moved in with them.  As she grew more comfortable with them, her lust began to
rise again.  And when there was a silence between them, it seemed only natural
that she open her lips to Jane when the other woman leaned toward her.

    	Ken's hands caressed Joan's slick lips, drawing a groan from the woman
as her tongue danced with Jane's.  He lay her down, playing with her breasts as
Jane started kissing her way down Joan's body.  Once again, Joan was a little
nervous when Jane's tongue began licking her furry sex, but that was quickly
forgotten as Jane's considerable skill brought her close to a peak in record
time.  Ken fed his cock into Joan's mouth, stifling any complains she might have
made when Jane spread her legs back and wide, then speared her well fucked
asshole with her tongue while rubbing her clit with her thumb.  The two of them
drove Joan through several orgasms as Jane sucked and swallowed as much of Ken's
cum from her body as she could.  Joan eagerly drank all of Ken's cum when he
finished in her mouth.

    	After her last orgasm, Joan lay in a sweaty heap, panting.  She knew she
should offer to return the favor to Jane, but for one, she was just too tired. 
For another, she was embarrassed, since she'd never had sex with a woman before. 
Plus, lame as it sounded, it was getting late and she had an early morning
client to deal with.
   
    	She propped herself up on one elbow and looked at the two people who'd
brought her more sexual pleasure than anyone she'd ever met.  Her chest hurt and
her belly clenched with longing as she looked at them.  If only...
   
    	"Joan," said Ken, "You're welcome to stay the night, or even the
weekend, if you'd like."  He knew she'd turn him down, which was probably a good
thing.  He suspected that the play party tomorrow was going to be very intense. 
He knew his plans for Jane and Ari were, and he had no idea how Joan would react
to something like that.
   
    	"Longer, if you'd like," said Jane as she ran strong fingers over Joan's
calf muscle.
   
    	Joan just looked at them, tears forming in her eyes.  What the hell was
with her tonight?, she thought.
   
    	"I'd like that," she replied, hoping they weren't just being polite. 
Obviously they were swingers and Joan had very little experience with that sort
of etiquette. However... "Unfortunately, I have an early client tomorrow and a
full day scheduled."
   
    	Jane looked at Ken and he nodded.  She collected the mugs, kissed Joan
and left saying, "I need to remind Arianwen that she has to take Karen home.  I
think they've managed to corner Bill and I doubt that he knows what to make of
Karen."
   
    	She kissed Joan one more time, a deep kiss, full of promise and said,
"Joan, I'm sure my Master will explain what's going on around here.  But let me
assure you that we both want you back -- soon."
   
    	"Master?" asked Joan.  She was more that a bit surprised at the effect
Jane's kiss had had on her.  Jane just rose to her feet, and padded away.
   
    	"Would you like a shower?" asked Ken.  "We have a very nice one
upstairs, as you might recall."
   
    	"What..." began Joan.  She stopped when Ken raised his hand.
   
    	"I'll explain in the shower, OK?"
   
    	She nodded and they gathered up the clothes and Joan wrapped the blanket
around herself.  Ken knew they wouldn't meet anyone on the way upstairs. 
Besides, everyone here, with the exception of Genie's two friends, had seen him
naked.  Genie, her friends, Eric, Gary and Annette were all in the pool, so they
wouldn't be seen by them.  David and Lenny were in the kitchen drinking coffee,
watching the antics in the pool.  Kim was receiving her evening whipping and
orgasm from Ellen, upstairs in the bedroom they'd claimed.
   
    	Once in the shower, Ken took the soap and began to wash Joan, massaging
her skin as he cleaned her.
   
    	"Why did Jane call you Master?" she asked.
   
    	"Because," he replied, running his slick hands over her breasts, "she's
my slave.  As is Arianwen."
   
    	Joan knew as much about a real BDSM relationship as most people --
meaning nothing.  She turned and looked at him.
   
    	"I see," her voice was somewhat disapproving.
   
    	"Actually," he smiled, "you don't." 
   
    	Ken proceeded to explain to Joan what kind of relationship he had with
Jane and Arianwen, that it was fully consensual and that anyone could opt out at
any time.  Of course, he never mentioned the fact that both Jane and Arianwen
were High Priestess, or that their religion revolved around sex.  What he said
went a long way toward mollifying her, even, though she wouldn't admit it,
arousing her a bit.  Ken knew though.  He knew that she'd be thinking about this
talk when she went home and suspected that she'd want to know a lot more about
it very soon.
   
      	"So," she said careful, "is that what you want me for?  Another slave?"
     
      	"We," said Ken stressing the word, "want you for you.  We'd like to have
an intimate relationship with you.  If you want to be a slave, that's fine.  If
you don't, no one here is going to force you.  If you want to explore it,
discover what our life here is all about, than you're welcome to do that as
well.  But I'll warn you, we don't live by what society considers normal rules. 
We don't follow many of societies' conventions when it comes to relationships
either."
     
      	Then he went on to explain about the play party and that since Genie,
Sally, Jane and Arianwen were slaves, that they'd be serving the Dom's, and
Sandy, for the entire weekend.
     
      	"You're more than welcome to come back," he said, "but I'll warn you
that things can get pretty intense.  No one will force you to do anything,
though, and everyone will be happy to explain what's going on.  And," he added
with a smile, "I'd love to see you."
     
      	"Are things always like that here?" asked Joan.  What would it be like,
she wondered, being played with, used for sex at someone else's whim?  Her pussy
clenched and she wished she'd put on her panties.  She hadn't because they were
a sticky mess, but she suspected that if they kept talking about this, she'd end
up with a wet spot on her dress.
     
      	"The slaves are slaves all the time, yes.  The women here tend to be a
bit casual about clothing as well."  He smiled as he thought about the Heinlein
books he'd read and asked Joan if she'd ever read any.
     
      	"No," she replied, "I don't read a lot of fiction." 
     
      	They made a detour to the study and Ken gave her 'Time enough for Love'.
     
      	"If you read this, you'll begin to get a basic understanding of what
we're doing here.  We're a bit different, especially since Heinlein didn't
approve of BDSM.  I suspect that he equated it with real slavery, which is why
he didn't like it."  Ken shrugged, "Everyone has their blind spots."
     
      	Ken stood at the door and kissed Joan.  Despite all the activity of the
evening, she began to heat up again.
     
      	"I've got to get out of here, or I'll become another one of your
slaves," she smiled.  "My morning client would not be amused."
     
      	Ken smiled at her and said , "Joan it's important to realize that you
don't have to be a slave to be accepted around here.  Sandy isn't and no one has
a problem with that.  What you do have to be, is open minded."
     
      	They kissed again and she left.  Ken turned and headed inside and went
to where Lenny and David were sitting.
     
      	"Did you gentlemen enjoy the evening?" he asked as he sat down.
     
      	David looked up and smiled.  "Yes, thanks.  It was very nice."
     
      	As late as it was getting, he could tell that they wanted to leave, but
had been enjoying themselves too much to actually make it out the door.  It was
also obvious they'd had enough to drink to loosen them up a bit.  Not too much,
but some, although David was almost sober by this time.
     
      	"You have quite an interesting household here," offered Lenny.
     
      	"Yes, they're not your standard group of people, that's for sure," Ken
replied.  "Was there someone that you had in mind as being especially out
there?"
     
      	Lenny and David looked at each other, then at Ken and said, "Karen," in
complete unison.
     
      	Ken blinked.  That was not the answer he'd expected.
     
      	"Karen?  Arianwen's friend?"
     
      	"Yup," said David, while Lenny nodded.
     
      	Uh oh, thought Ken.  "Did she cause you any trouble?"  He hoped that she
hadn't.  Since she was bi, it seemed unlikely that their being gay would be a
problem for her, but one never knew.
     
      	"Not me," replied Lenny, "but David had a small problem with her."
     
      	Ken looked at the two men.  Neither looked particularly upset.  "Do
tell," he urged.
     
      	"She saw we were together and propositioned us," said Lenny, with a
broad grin -- the alcohol had loosened him up considerably.  Ken failed to see
the joke.  "David almost took her up on it.  Would have too, if she wasn't
sixteen."
     
      	Now it was Ken's turn to be surprised.  "Oh, I assumed that you wouldn't
be interested in women..." he temporized.
     
      	"I'm not," said Lenny, "But David likes the occasional taste... er feel,
of pussy."
     
      	"Len," came David's voice.  It held a tone of warning.
     
      	"When she found out I'm completely gay, she offered me her ass if she
could suck David off.  That really got his attention."
     
      	"Lenny..." David's voice now held more than just a tone of warning. 
Lenny, Ken realized, was a sub who was goading his Dom in to action.  Very
interesting.  Especially since David didn't realize that's what was happening.
     
      	"He had a hard, if you get my meaning, time turning her down.  Even I
found the thought intriguing."
     
      	"Lenny!" David's sharp voice now promised that there would be
retribution in the near future.
     
      	"Yes dear?" he asked sweetly.
     
      	Ken, having never seen this kind of interplay between two men, was both
amused and interested.  Lenny was very aroused, and David, realizing that Lenny
was pushing him was also.
     
      	"I doubt that Mr. Whitestone wants to hear the sordid thoughts going
through your mind."
     
      	"Don't be such a prude," said Lenny.  He turned to Ken, but was speaking
mainly to David, "It's not like he was shocked, were you Ken?"
     
      	Ken shook his head.
     
      	"And it's not like Ken doesn't have not one, but two lovers -- and, if
Arianwen is to be believed, sex slaves.  I believe that Karen mentioned that all
three of them had had her."
     
      	Ken winced internally from that.  Karen was an Adherent, but it was
clear she'd have to have some things explained to her.  Being circumspect was
important - especially since she and Arianwen were underage.
     
      	"Lenny, you're embarrassing our host," said David.
     
      	"I doubt that," returned Lenny.  Ken saw that the shrewd man had had
more in mind than just taunting his lover.  He was testing Ken.  "You don't look
embarrassed Ken.  Are you?"
     
      	"No, I'm not," Ken returned.  "Besides, she was telling the truth. 
Knowing those two, they probably spent most of the evening playing around with
each other."
     
      	David gave Ken a sharp look.  Sometimes he forgot just how bright, and
devious, Lenny was.  He'd just gotten Ken to admit to an illegal act in front of 
him, and he was a criminal lawyer.  Ken seemed totally unconcerned.
     
      	"Don't you think Karen's a little young to be having sex?" asked David. 
He didn't think so, but that was based on the impression he'd had of Karen. 
She'd teased them, but saw in short order that no meant no, and changed the
subject to something completely different.  No pouting, no 'we'll see about
that' attitude and no signs of upset from the rejection -- not even sour grapes. 
He'd had thirty year olds in bars react more negatively.
     
      	"No, I don't.  Sexual maturity has little to do with age, beyond a
certain point, and everything to do with attitude, knowledge and wisdom.  Karen
knows what she wants and, aside from the fact that she should be a little more
circumspect, goes for it.  You'd be surprised at the things that she's done."
     
      	Lenny nodded, and Ken knew that his own assessment of the girl had been
the same.  Lenny, of course, didn't have Ken's advantage of actually being able
to read her mind.  David too, was satisfied with the answer - which Ken found
surprising.
     
      	"See," said Lenny, "I told you you should have fucked her."
     
      	"Christ Lenny, you're impossible!"  said David.  But he was smiling. 
"Don't you ever think of anything but your cock?"
     
      	"Yours," Lenny returned completely straight faced.
     
      	They broke up laughing.  David stood and stretched, then said it was
getting late.  Lenny, for once, took the hint, and Ken suspected that when they
got home, David would be getting a little of his own back.  More power to 'em,
Ken thought.
     
      	They left a short time later, as did Genie's friends and people started
drifting off to bed.  Gary got Ken's attention before he went upstairs.
     
      	"I have something you might like," he said.
     
     	 "Oh?"
     
      	"Yeah, I put it in the dungeon."
     
      	They went upstairs and Gary showed Ken what he'd brought over.  It was
exactly what Ken wanted, as was the new spanking bench that Gary had delivered. 
It was a nice bench that left most of the sub's body exposed, but ensured that
she'd be completely immobilized.  It had the added feature of being built in
such a way that another sub could be locked into position beneath the one on
top.  The one on bottom would be in an excellent position for some pussy eating. 
Ken loved the design.  Gary'd also brought a more standard spanking bench, which
Ken admired as well.
     
      	"I'm sure that we'll be using that tomorrow," he said pointing to the
first one.  "In fact, I think that Arianwen will most definitely be spending
time there."  They laughed and were about to head to their separate bedrooms
when Ken stopped the other man.
     
      	"I thought I should mention," he said, "that tomorrow will be a little
different."
     
      	"In what way?" asked Gary.
     
      	Ken thought for a moment, then said, "You know about Jane, right?"
     
      	"Yeah, she's seriously Massy."
     
      	Ken nodded.  "I intend to push her this weekend, a lot.  I don't want
you to get worried about her though.  She'll be completely safe."
     
      	Gary looked at him and said, "My friend, you're one of the few Doms that
I have perfect confidence in.  I know that you'd never do anything to really
hurt someone."  He paused then said, "Besides, it looks like she heals as fast
as Arianwen, so it shouldn't be an issue.  Too bad that Karen had to go home.  I
bet she would have enjoyed herself."
     
      	That surprised Ken.  Gary knew she was underage.
     
      	"Don't look so surprised my friend.  She's seriously hot, and obviously
experienced.  You've slept with her, haven't you?"
     
      	Ken nodded and Gary grinned, "Lucky you.  Annette thinks she's hot too. 
She hinted several times she'd love to be on her knees eating her."
     
      	They parted, but before he turned the corner Gary turned around and
said, "If you see that other woman, tell her I said hi."
     
      	Gary, it seemed, hadn't forgotten about Lea.  Good, Ken thought.  He
headed toward the Master bedroom where he knew his two slaves were waiting for
him.
     
      End Chapter 39




Avatar

Chapter 40


Note: This chapter contains very intense and hardcore BDSM.  It is pure
indulgence of the author and there's almost no plot here.  You have been warned.

       	When Ken got to the bedroom, both his slaves were kneeling, waiting for
him.  Jane was wearing only the bikini bottoms, and Arianwen was naked.  Ken
knew that Jane had the bottoms on only because they were holding in the dildos
that had been inside her all evening.  Her pussy and asshole were slightly sore
from being stretched and rubbed for all those hours.
      
       	Ken walked up to them and kissed Ari.  She responded with some heat. 
He'd taken the slim plug out of her ass hours ago, but her time with Karen had
been frustrating.  She hadn't cum, despite getting the other teen off numerous
times.  She hadn't even cum when she and Karen had double-teamed Bill.  Ken had
given her no orders restricting her, so he was a little puzzled.
      
       	He leaned down and softly kissed Jane.  "Are you ready for tomorrow?"
      
       	Jane had no idea what he had in store for her, but she was all for it. 
He knelt in front of her and took one nipple bar between his fingers, squeezing
and pulling on it.  She gasped softly, but did nothing else.
      
       	"You'll be spending the day servicing everyone in any way they want. 
And I have a couple of things planned that I know you'll like."  He was now
pulling her heavy breast into a cone.  She was panting, lust shooting through
her body as the pain increased.  He leaned close to her and said, "You won't
even be sleeping in here tomorrow night.  I don't want to get blood on the
sheets."
      
       	Jane's breath caught, and she moaned.  Ken smiled and stood.
      
       	"Stand up, Ari," he said.  She stood, passion clearly written on her
face, and he positioned her in front of Jane, with her ass to Jane's face.  It
was clear that if she didn't get an orgasm, she wouldn't get any sleep tonight. 
He spread her ass cheeks and pushed her into Jane's face.
      
       	"You know what to do, slave," he said to Jane, "so do it."
      
       	As Jane began to rim and tongue-fuck the teen, Ken began tugging on her
nipple rings.  Ari moaned loudly and pushed her ass back into the soft tongue
spearing it.   Ken continued to roughly work her nipples and explosions of
passion burned across her nerves.  She started begging to cum, so Ken gave her
permission.  Her hands clenched at her sides, Ari bucked and came, the tugging
she caused her nipples as she jerked made her orgasm even harder.
             
        	"Use your hands on her cunt, Jane."
      
       	Jane complied, and Ari found the lips of her sex spread wide as fingers
penetrated her.  Ken continued to pull and squeeze her nipples until she gave in
and came again as hard as her last one.  Ken gave her yet another orgasm by
slapping her ass hard while playing with her nipples with his other hand.  Jane
continued to tongue-fuck Ari's ass and was rapidly pushing three long fingers in
and out of her sloppy cunt until she pushed the teen over the edge a final time.
      
       	Ken had Jane stop, then grabbed the back of her hair and directed her
licking mouth over Arianwen's body.  Strands of clear lube were dripping from
Ari's red cunt.  Jane caught them in her mouth and swallowed.  Ken aimed her
mouth at Ari's slim upper thighs, where she licked up the moisture there. 
Across Ari's soft, damp belly, Jane's tongue traveled, then over her slight
breasts.  Jane's breath caught as Ken forced her to lick under each of the teens
arms, as did Ari's.  Ari, Ken knew, was imagining herself doing the same to
Annette, and her cunt actually dripped more slick moisture at that thought.  Ken
made Jane go back and get that too.
      
       	Finally, he took a wide belt and tightened it around Jane's middle. 
Each wrist was encased in a leather cuff, then locked to the belt.  He pulled
her bottoms off and removed each plug, making sure she licked those clean as
well.  Jane was beside herself with lust.  Even though it was only Ken and Ari,
the things he forced her to do, that she did so eagerly, were very humiliating. 
Naturally, that increased her sexual need.
      
       	They went into the bathroom, Jane still being pulled by her hair, where
Ari and Ken both used her mouth to pee in.  Then Ari and Ken used the shower,
leaving Jane to kneel and wait for them.  When they finished and dried off, she
was pulled back into the bedroom and placed on her knees while Ken put a steel
collar on her.  Ken added a head harness with a bit gag to her bondage, then
bent her so her head touched the ground.  The gag was nice because the bit could
be detached without removing the whole harness.
      
       	Taking a cat with knotted strands, Ken whipped her back and ass, leaving
them streaked with red lines and welts.  Her pussy wasn't ignored either.  It
was already sore from hours of being plugged, and the knotted strands lashing
the soft tissues was quite painful.  It was all Jane could do to keep from
cumming.
      
       	Ken pushed her over on her side and said, "Sleep well, love.  Tomorrow's
going to be pretty rough."
      
       	Jane lay there, panting with need.  She moaned, her sore pussy
clenching, when Ken turned to Ari and said, "If you need to pee during the
night, or tomorrow morning, just unclip the bit gag and use her."
      
       	Jane then had to listen to the two of them fuck one more time, Arianwen
crying out in passion as Ken drove her to yet more orgasms, before they finally
settled down to sleep.  Not long after the light was out, Jane,   still awake,
was rolled over by Ari.  The teen removed the bit gag and pushed her sloppy
pussy onto Jane's mouth.
      
       	"Clean that," she said, "I feel all slimy with Master's cum, and it's
making me too horny to sleep."
      
       Jane dutifully performed as ordered, then Ari replaced the bit gag,
making it somewhat tighter than Ken had had it, got back into bed and went to
sleep.
      
       	Ken lay there listening to Jane try and calm her breathing.  She knew he
was awake as well and could tell he was slightly horny, rather than blazingly
aroused as she was.  He was able to follow her thoughts and knew that she was
primed and more than ready for some seriously rough play tomorrow. 
      
       	Ken smiled thinking of the secret that he'd told no one else.  Something
that he'd make good use of tomorrow: the fact that he could leave any sub tied
in any position anywhere on the estate and they'd always be safe.  Because no
matter how far away he was, Lea had assured him that she'd always be able to
keep them from real harm.  To him, that gift was priceless.
      
       	He woke pretty early the next morning and tiptoed to the dungeon, where
he retrieved a stainless steel waist belt and manacles.  When he got back to the
room, he removed the leather belt and manacles from Jane, who was pretty sore
from sleeping on the floor, and pulled off the head harness.  He replaced the
leather belt with the steel one, tightening it quite a bit before locking her
wrists to it with the manacles.  He pulled her into the bathroom where Arianwen
joined them.
      
        	Ari arranged Jane so she was leaning into the tub with her back
on the ledge.  She squatted over the older woman and emptied her bladder into
Jane's accepting mouth, then had Jane lick off any remaining drops.  Her aim
hadn't been so good, Ken saw as Ari stepped out of the way for him.  Ken's aim
was also far from perfect, and Jane ended up kneeling on the hard floor waiting
for them to get out of the shower while dripping with their combined piss.  She
shivered in lust.
      
       	When they finished, Ken put her in the shower, and they rinsed her down
with ice cold water.  Ken had her rinse her mouth with mouthwash, several times,
then pulled her out.  She was shivering as they patted her mostly dry, although
her hair hung in soaking strands.  Ken led her downstairs by a leash attached to
her collar.  As he left the room he said, "Ari, make sure the bathroom's cleaned
up."
      
       	"Yes, Master," she said.
      
       	Once they were downstairs, Ken went into the kitchen, where Sally was
preparing breakfast.
      
       	"Have you made any bacon, yet?" he asked Sally.
      
       	"No, Master Ken," she responded.  "Shall I start now?"
      
       	"Sure," he replied.  He led Jane over to the stove while Sally
positioned the bacon in a frying pan.  She started to place a screen over the
pan to keep the hot grease from getting all over everything when Ken said, "You
don't need that."
      
       	"But, Sir-" she started.
      
       	"I said, you don't need it.  Jane will cook the bacon."
      
       	Sally was quite intimate with Jane's needs by now, as was all of the
Circle.  Of all of them, Jane was the one who had the most extreme desires, and
because of that, she was the one who, no matter how they tried, often wasn't
completely satisfied.  Jane never pushed, but Sally knew that her sister slave
loved to be treated likethis and it happened all too rarely.  Hell, her own cunt
was dripping just from the surges of pure lust Jane had running through her
body.  It seemed that the stronger the Priest or Priestess, the more powerfully
they could project sexual energy.
      
       	Ken lengthened the chain on one manacle enough so that Jane could cook
the bacon.
      
       	"I'll be in the dining room," Ken said, slapping Jane's ass hard enough
to leave a red mark as he walked out.  She still had welts from last night's
whipping, although Ken knew that she could have healed them already.
      
       	"Yes, Master," came her breathless reply.  He could feel her squirm
slightly as the first of many droplets of grease stung her belly. 
      
       	When they emerged from the kitchen, Jane's breasts and belly had dozens
of red spots from where the hot grease had burned her.  Her pussy was literally
leaking, her upper thighs quite wet.  She knelt on the floor and ate out of a
bowl without the use of her hands.  She wasn't the only one not eating at the
table.  Ellen and Kim were up as well, Kim's ass glowing red from her morning
flogging.  Each nipple had been wrapped in dental floss, and each breast had
been tightly bound at the base.  She was being fed fruit by her Mistress, who
slid each piece into her own pussy before Kim ate it.  Ken especially enjoyed
watching Kim suck and nibble a banana from Ellen's cunt.
      
       	Arianwen was being fed by Eric, who had her seated on his lap.  The
scene looked the most normal of all, unless one took into account that they were
both naked and that Eric's large penis was deep in the teen's small cunt.   Ken
noticed that she enjoyed the feel of strawberries being rubbed over her hard
nipples or clit before being fed them.
      
       	After breakfast, Ken allowed Jane to beg each person for the privilege
of attending them so that they wouldn't need to leave the table to pee.  She was
getting to the point where a normal person would have started getting sick from
all the urine they'd drunk.  Jane wasn't normal, though, and the same
protections she had against getting ill from other factors kept her from feeling
anything but humiliation and pleasure at performing this task.  Ellen, Kim and
Eric took her up on her 'offer'.
      
       	"You're covered with grease," said Ken.
      
       	"Yes, Master.  I'm sorry, Master," replied the woman, despite the fact
that it wasn't her fault.
      
       	"Well, there's nothing for it," he replied.  "Time to get you cleaned
up."
      
       	He grabbed the end of her leash, then whispered something to Eric, who
nodded as he got up.  Ken went into the kitchen, got some dish soap and a green
scrubbie, then led Jane out to the shower by the pool.  Gary and Annette had
just come downstairs as they were leaving the kitchen and Ken graciously offered
Jane's services to them.  They regretfully declined, having taken care of things
upstairs.  He shrugged and pulled the mute woman outside.
      
       	Since he could feel the state of her body, he knew she was flying high
in subspace.  It was not a normal type of subspace where the sub zoned out. 
Jane was well aware of everything that was happening, but every feeling --
physical and otherwise -- that she encountered was magnified and seemed to fuel
her desire to sexually submit.  Once they got to where the outside shower was,
Ken saw that everyone who was up had followed them.  Ken smiled to himself and
looked at Jane. 
      
       	"Do you need to relieve yourself?" he asked.
      
       	"Yes, Master," she replied, her voice thick with passion.
      
       	"Well," he said after a few seconds, "I'm waiting."
      
       	She blinked, then started to spread her legs.  He shook his head and she
closed them almost all the way.  Shortly thereafter, a torrent of yellow liquid
poured down her legs and feet.  Ken felt Arianwen's lust soar as she hungrily
watched the fluid sheet down Jane's legs.  When she finished, her face red from
having performed this act in front of all her friends, Ken turned on the shower
and cold water drenched her, making her gasp.
      
       	He proceeded to use the green pot scrubber and the dish soap to wash all
the areas where the grease had landed.  Seemed that a lot of grease had ended up
on her tits, which were quite red and scratched by the time he was finished. 
She was shivering in the early morning cold.
      
       	"You look cold," he said, and Jane nodded a bit.  "Can't have that." was
his comment as he led her over to the cage that Eric had brought down.
      
       	Jane soon found herself in what she had started to think of as her cage,
her hands cuffed above it on the outside.  The belt, freshly tightened, cut into
her skin from her cramped, bent-over position.  The cage was positioned near the
pool in the morning sun.  Jane wouldn't be cold for long.
      
       	Ken sat down on one of the lounges with a good book to relax for a
while.
      
       	It was ten thirty when he stirred again, looking around.  Everyone was
up and about by that time.  Kim and Ellen had also spent time at the pool. 
Ellen enjoyed the water, while Kim enjoyed being tied in a tight ball near Jane. 
Bill and Genie had come downstairs, neither blinking an eye at Jane or Kim's
predicaments.  Sally was feeding the baby and talking with Sandy, while Eric had
Arianwen -- wrists and elbows tied together with heavy weights hanging from her
nipple rings -- sucking his cock.  Or rather, holding his cock in her mouth,
since he hadn't cum since breakfast.  He hadn't needed to get up to use the
bathroom either.  Gary was using Annette as a foot stool while he read, her dark
skin glistening with sweat from the sun as she knelt there.  Ken smiled:  Ah,
domestic bliss.  Well it was time to move Jane to the next phase of her day.  He
looked over at his beautiful slave as she panted in the small cage, sweat
stinging the scratches that the pot scrubber had made on her skin.  Since he
could touch her emotions, he knew that her whole body was cramped and
uncomfortable; that she was hot, and her eyes stung from her salty sweat.  But
her cunt had leaked enough during the time she'd been there to leave a sizable
puddle and, if given permission and the slight touch of a finger to her clit,
she'd cum so hard she'd probably pass out.
      
       	He walked over to Eric and asked for his help.  The other man nodded,
and after using several leather straps to further restrain Arianwen in a quick
hog tie, the two of them slid a metal bar through the ring at the top of the
cage and carried Jane upstairs.
      
       	Soon after, Jane was removed from the cage.  Ken began to restrain her
under the suspension bars as Eric and Gary, who'd followed them to the dungeon,
watched.  Annette was there too, having followed them at Gary's command.  Gary
initially wanted to see how his newest device would work, but seeing the tall
beauty stretched with her hands over her head, skin shining and obviously
completely aroused, almost made him forget about that.
      
       	Ken was meticulous with his preparations.  First, he locked the metal
cuffs around Jane's wrists to a line that went through a pulley.  There was a
stop in the rope that allowed her to lower her hands about an inch or so.  Next,
he took Gary's new toy and placed it under Jane's wide spread heels, using
convenient tie-offs to attach the metal ankle restraints to so her feet would
remain in place.
      
       	"Up on your toes," he said to the woman.  "Good. Now stay there."
     
       	He positioned the planks under the heels of her feet.  "OK -- you can
rest now," he said.
      
       	She let herself down, then immediate let out a yelp and went back up.
      
       	"Problems slave?" he asked.
      
       	Jane, now back on her toes said, "No, Master."
      
       	As soon as she'd put any weight on the planks under her feet, they had
started to sink.  That wasn't so bad.  The problem was that when she'd put
enough weight on them, the short, but very sharp spikes that were embedded
inside came up through holes in the wood.  They were too short to do any damage,
not even to someone without Jane's ability to heal, but they did get one's
attention -- as both Ken and Gary had noticed when they'd tried them out.  With
enough weight on them, the spikes might even be able to draw a small amount of
blood, but that didn't concern Ken.
      
       	Once everything was adjusted to his satisfaction, Ken put shims in to
hold the  planks in place and allowed Jane to rest.  She didn't really need to,
but considering what was coming...
      
       	Next, he put a tight leather hood over her head.  It had snaps that
allowed a blindfold to be put in place and various gags to be used.  After
giving her a lot of water, Ken snapped in a phallus gag that pushed deep into
her mouth.  Then he blindfolded her.
      
       	Out came the single tail.  Ken had been practicing using it on a heavy
bag with thin cloth wrapped around it.  He was almost as good as Ellen was,
perhaps even just as good.  He could use it quite delicately and very accurately
now, but he hadn't used it on Jane since his lesson with Ellen.  He used it now.
     
      	For a full ten minutes, he accurately placed the edge of the whip on
Jane's body.  She writhed and moaned, and after a short time, begged to cum. 
She was denied.  Her sex was swollen and red, both from arousal and the tip of
the whip, which had lashed her a number of times.  Her breasts had received a
fair amount of attention too, and when he finished, she was bleeding in a number
of places, especially her back, belly and ass.  There were spots of blood on her
mons and breasts, as well. 
     
      	It was clear to everyone watching, and everyone was up there now, that
she was totally immersed in the sensations. Ellen had Kim's face held to her
pussy and had had more than one orgasm while watching.  Sandy was masturbating,
and Bill and Genie were actually fucking.  Arianwen was beside herself with
lust, since when Eric had retrieved her, all he'd done was pick up her small,
bound form and carried her upstairs.
     
      	When he finished, Ken bowed at the applause and said, "Thank you. 
However, I'm afraid that my slave's ordeal is just starting."  He went to a
cabinet and pulled out a small box.  Then he showed the Dragons to the assembled
crowd.
     
      	Everyone looked at them and marveled at the workmanship, which made
Annette blush.  Ellen put one on Kim's nipple -- for about a second as her slave
begged in earnest for her to remove it.  Genie declined to even try.  Ken showed
them to Jane after removing the blindfold snapped to the hood.
     
      	"I know, my love, that you'll enjoy these.  Make sure to thank Annette
later," he said quietly.  Jane nodded at him, her eyes wide.
     
      	He attached them. Jane moaned with each one and actually yelled when the
tight, sharp jaws were nestled under her clit hood and closed on the thick,
swollen organ.  She was panting and her body was soaked with sweat.  Her Circle
almost came from the surge of lust that washed over them.  Actually, Sally did
come, as did several of the other people.
     
      	Ken wasn't finished though, and before he put the blind fold back in
place, the woman found herself in the most stringent position she'd ever been
in.
     
      	Since the jaws of the dragons were made to close if the rings on the
bottoms of them were pulled, Ken had attached each of the clamps on her nipples
to the cord holding her wrists.  Then, he'd made her get up on her toes and,
using the clever setup Gary had made, attached the one on her clit to another
line.  Now, if she lowered her arms, the dragons on her nipples would pull her
breasts up and tighten the jaws.  Same if she let her weight down on the
now-unlocked plate under her heels: when she put her weight on the plates, they
sunk; when they did, the line pulled on the dragon on her clit, tightening the
jaws and pulling the organ away from her body.  Of course, since she was lower,
the dragons on her breasts were pulled up and they tightened as well.  There
were stops so that no real damage was done to her clit or nipples, but what
constituted real damage when applied to a High Priestess of Lea, never mind
Jane, was not something Ken would subject even Arianwen to.
     
      	He left a flogger, a crop, a strap and the knotted cat hanging near her
and said, "No one releases her but me.  However, feel free to fuck either of her
holes, from behind of course, and make sure you use the whip on her.  Often."

    	Ken demonstrated by freeing his iron hard cock and sliding it into her
pussy with one stroke.  She was so wet that the tightness of her cunt was unable
to keep him out, even a little, and she moaned into her gag as her hole was
painfully widened.  Ken pumped into her for a few minutes while Jane desperately
tried to keep her balance.  The clamps pulled on her most sensitive spots, pain
spearing through her body.  Jane was almost completely gone -- the thinking,
reasoning part of her any way.

    	There was just enough left to process Ken's whispered instructions. 
"Cum for me my love.  Cum all you want."

    	With a shriek that was loud even through the gag, Jane came.  Her orgasm
caused several other people to cum as well, as sexual energy slashed through
their nerves.  Her cunt clenched so tightly that Ken actually couldn't cum
himself until she loosened up a bit, and when she did, he filled her with hot
sperm.

    	Ken stepped back when he finished, to more applause.  Jane was barely
able to keep on her toes, her mind functioning just enough to keep her
concentration.  Ken saw Ellen looking at Kim and thinking that even if she had a
hundred years, she'd never be able to teach Kim to cum from something this
intense.  Her melancholy was short-lived, though, as the beautiful, small,
auburn-haired woman looked up at her with absolute love in her eyes.  Ken saw
that Kim knew what her mistress was thinking and wished that somehow, she'd be
able to please her.  Trouble was, Ellen knew when Kim wasn't enjoying herself,
and Kim knew it.

    	That skipped out of their minds as they watched Jane struggle to regain
her breath.  She was soaked in sweat and trembling.  Most people thought it was
from the strain, but Ken knew it was just reaction.  He'd be able to leave Jane
in that position for hours before her legs would fail and she'd be hanging from
her wrists.  And she would be left there.

    	"Slut," said Ellen to Kim, "I'm sure that some of the other men will
want to fuck Jane.  Go clean up her cunt."

    	As usual, being called a slut made Kim blush, but the cute woman crawled
between Jane's legs from behind and began licking her swollen sex.  
   
      	So it went for close to three hours.  All the men fucked Jane at least
once, and she was whipped until many of the welts on her back and ass were
bleeding, instead of just the few that Ken had left.  Ken and Eric both fucked
her asshole, and of course, Genie was there to suck their cum back out.  Ellen
used a strap-on that was bigger than Ken's cock to fuck Jane with.  Jane was on
an almost Tantric orgasmic trip -- almost constantly cumming.  At one point, Ken
took a cane and carefully whipped the bottoms of each breast until they were
heavily welted.  Of course, each strike of the cane jounced the breast, which
caused the dragon on it to jump and pull.  The insides of her thighs and calves
were also favored targets, especially as people tried to find ways to make her
get off her toes.  It wasn't until about two and a half hours later that Jane
started spending more and more time with her feet on the short spikes. 

    	Through it all, it never occurred to the non-Circle folks to wonder at
Ken and Eric's ability to cum as often as they wanted to.  Bill and Gary were
surprised to find that even after cumming twice each, they were still quite able
to get hard.  Which was a good thing, as Ken still had plans for Jane.
   
    End chapter 40




Avatar

Chapter 41

      	Once it was clear that Jane was no longer able to stand, Ken removed her
hood.  Her pupils had expanded so widely that only a small ring of deep blue was
left.  She looked drugged.
     
      	Ken had Eric hold her up while he removed the dragon from her clit.  She
yelped, almost cumming again as the jaws were opened.  Her clit, which normally
barely protruded from under her sheath when she was aroused, was sticking out
over a half inch.  It was deep red, swollen and looked very sore.  The jaws had
not pierced her skin, but there were some scratches on the organ.  Once the
dragon was off her clit, Gary pulled away the plates and Jane gingerly stretched
out her calves for the first time in hours.  They were cramped, but nothing she
couldn't deal with, especially as high as she was flying on the whole
experience.
     
      	She gasped as each dragon came off her nipples.  The teeth on them were
sharp enough to cut and there were several punctures on each nipple that started
oozing blood.  Ken vigorously rubbed each nipple between his fingers, then had
her lick her own blood off them.  She groaned and wished he'd rub her clit --
just a little so she could cum.
     
      	Jane was rapidly returning to normal and was surprised to find that,
rather than draining her, the experience had energized her.  Sure, her muscles
were tired, but as long as she didn't have to stand on tiptoes, she'd be okay. 
He felt her revise that opinion as they lowered her hands.  Her shoulders and
back throbbed from the strain they'd been under.  Still, Ken made her crawl to
the cage she'd spent the morning in, and she once again found herself locked
inside -- this time with her arms behind her.
     
      	"Rest up, love.  After we eat, you'll find yourself in a whole new
position."
     
      	Jane just nodded and tried to get comfortable, resigning herself to the
fact that her orgasm just wasn't going to happen.  Ken felt her energy slowly
returning, and with it, her desires rose.  She drank in the cramping of her
muscles, the throbbing of the numerous welts on her body, and the burning in her
clit and nipples.  It was hot, and her sweat stung the small cuts in her skin. 
Anyone else would have been very unhappy.  Jane was wishing for a helping hand
and permission to cum.
     
      	Everyone else went downstairs for some of the food that Sally had
prepared.  Ken fed Jane two bottles of water, letting her drink her fill.
     
      	"I take it you're enjoying this," smiled Ken.
     
      	"You know I am, Master," she replied, her voice still husky with lust.
     
      	"I'm glad," he smiled.  "The rest of the afternoon is likely to be
pretty harsh, as well."
     
      	She smiled, shyly, oddly enough, and nodded.  "Thank you, Master.  I
love you."
     
      	"And I love you, my Priestess," he replied.  Then he left her to join
everyone else.
     
      	He'd been downstairs for about a half hour when Sandy walked up to him.
     
      	"Wow," she said. "That was insanely intense this morning."
     
      	"Yup," said Ken.  "She says she can't wait to see what I have in store
for her this afternoon."
     
      	Sandy was very aroused.  She'd had sex with Eric, Sally and Arianwen
this morning, but was feeling restless.  Currently, Ari was kneeling at her
feet, a leash attached to a chain that ran between her nipple rings.  Ken sensed
that Sandy wanted to ask something, but was afraid.  When he read what it was,
he smiled to himself.
     
      	"I could never got off on something like that," she offered in a tone
that indicated there was something that she would get off on.  Ken played along.
     
      	"Oh?  Is there something that *would* ... get your attention, so to
speak?"
     
      	He'd never seen Sandy shy, aside from their first time together when
she'd been unsure of them.  She was acting shy now.
     
      	"Go ahead, Sandy," urged Arianwen.
     
      	"I'd," she swallowed, "I'd like to try being tied up," she said.
     
      	Ken smiled, "I'm sure we can arrange that for you."
     
      	"Not what you did to Jane, or how you tie up Arianwen or Annette or even
Genie.  I don't think I'd like that," she said quickly.  Ken saw what she was
thinking and answered it.
     
      	"Sandy, everyone has a comfort zone --  doms and subs.  We all work out
what that is and stay within it, perhaps occasionally pushing around the edges
to see if anything's changed.  Before today, I'd never done anything as intense
as the scene with Jane, but now that I know how much she enjoyed it, I got off
on it too."  He paused, then continued, "I wonder what you call someone who gets
off on causing pain to someone who gets off on it?"
     
      	"A sadist?" offered Sandy.
     
      	"No," replied Ken firmly.  "A sadist gets off on causing pain, even if
the person they're hurting isn't enjoying it."
     
      	"Oh," she said.
     
      	"C'mon, Sandy," chided Ari, "don't get sidetracked.  Tell him the rest."
     
      	This time Sandy did blush, a deep red that showed through her tan.
     
      	"Hey," said Ari, "If you can't say what you want, you might never get
it.  No one here's gonna make fun of what you want."
 
      	"It isn't that I just want to be tied up," Sandy said, her head down. 
"I want to be, um, fucked, um, hard at the same time."
     
      	"Sandy," said Ari with some exasperation in her voice.
     
      	"And, I want.... if it's okay and everything, I'd like it if you could
have..." the rest was too quiet to hear, although Ken knew what it was.
     
      	"Arg!" said Arianwen, finally losing patience.  "She wants you to put a
ring gag in her mouth and have me pee in it."
     
      	The thought, Ken saw, really turned on Sandy, who could think of no
reason why it should.  Just thinking about several hard cocks fucking her, one
after another, while she struggled against the ropes, made her knees weak.  And
if there was some way that they could actually force her to swallow Ari's pee,
she was sure she'd shoot into orbit.  Thing was, she wasn't sure she could make
herself do it -- the pee part, that is. 
     
      	Ken knew of a way, though, and decided to use it.
     
      	"Sandy, as fantasies go, I think it's a fine one.  And I know we can
help you out.  When we go back upstairs, just say the word. "
     
      	Sandy was looking daggers at Arianwen, who, in turn, was giving her a
'What did I say?' look.
     
      	"I'm going to remember that, Ari," said Sandy.
     
      	"Yes, Mistress," came Ari's submissive response.  It might have had a
better effect if she hadn't been grinning when she said it.
     
      	Sandy looked at Ken and said, "Just her, okay?  And no whips or
anything, right?"
     
      	"Fine," returned Ken.
     
      	"Um, maybe someone's hand on my butt -- but not too hard."
     
      	"You know the safe words, right?" he asked. 
     
      	She nodded.  She knew them because Ken repeated them at the beginning of
every party.  She just hadn't expected to use them herself.  Sandy led Ari away,
pulling rather harshly on the leash.  The hard tugs to her rings caused Ari to
moan with pleasure.

	A half hour later, Jane, after having been removed from the cage and fed
more water, found herself tied in a new position.
     
      	Gary and Ken used some of the rougher hemp rope to tightly bind her
upper body and waist.  Additional ropes were wrapped around her breasts, causing
them to bulge and begin to turn a dark red.  Gary marveled that she could take
all this and still be not only conscious, but wildly aroused and asking for
more.
     
      	Next, they suspended her hanging sideways, with her left leg attached to
the overhead beam and her right leg to a ring in the floor.  The ropes were
tightened until her legs were in a split, which gave complete access to her
cunt.  More rope attached from her head harness, through those on her torso, to
the upper beam and helped keep her head in place.
     
      	Ken and Gary admired the sight before them.  With her legs split so
wide, her prominent clit, and the pink inner labia, were completely unprotected. 
Her breasts, which had no sag anyway, were standing out from her body from the
tight ropes.  There were red streaks on her skin from where she'd bled earlier,
but Gary saw she wasn't bleeding anymore.  He frowned, noting that the cuts had
mostly already closed.  Ken took a short flogger and hung it from Jane's left
ankle, where it would be in easy reach for anyone who wanted to use it.
     
      	"Well," said Ken, "she's open for business.  Price is ten strokes from
the flogger."
     
      	Everyone but Bill and Genie was in the dungeon now, and they all looked
at him.
     
      	"Don't worry," he said. "Jane's more than willing to accept the ten
strokes as the price of having one or more of her holes filled.  Aren't you?"
     
      	She nodded, as best as she could.  She was wearing the bit gag again. 
Thick lubricant was sliding down her right leg, having oozed out of her excited
pussy.
     
      	Ellen stepped up first, with Kim in tow.
     
      	"Tsk, tsk," she said looking at Jane's slimy cunt.  "Kim, dear, do
something about that before I fuck her, will you?"
     
      	Ken interrupted before Kim could start and said, "Ellen, you realize
that you'll have to pay twenty for that since it's ten for each person."
     
      	"Oh," said Ellen, as if she'd just thought of that.  "Well, I'm sure
Jane won't mind, will you, slave?"
     
      	"No, Mistress," came Jane's garbled reply.
     
      	"Especially since I'll be using this same flogger on Kim's ass while
she's preparing the hole I'll be fucking."
     
      	Kim gave Ellen a startled look.  Her own ass had welts and a number of
bruises, but she made no complaint.
     
      	While Kim licked and sucked the excess fluids from Jane's sex -- not all
together successfully, since Jane was producing more at a prodigious rate -- her
back and ass were whipped with the flogger.  It had pretty wide blades, so it
didn't welt her, but it really reddened her skin, and she was sweating from the
heat it raised on her body by the time Ellen decided she was finished with her
task.  Jane wasn't very 'clean', but no one was complaining.  Ellen then
dutifully flogged Jane's open pussy with the flogger ten times.  Once again, Ken
stepped in after she reached ten.
     
      	"Ellen," he said, "your payment was a little light.  Try it like this."
     
      	So saying, he added ten more hard strokes, mostly focusing on Jane's
pussy and mons.  Jane jerked and moaned with each one.
     
      	"There," he pronounced, "Much better."
     
      	Ellen grinned, then slid the thick strap-on she was wearing into Jane's
drooling cunt and began fucking her hard.  Jane responded as expected: she came. 
She came again as Ellen made another 'payment'.
     
       	Bill and Genie came up about the time that Sandy had finished being tied
to one of the bondage tables.  She was looking a little nervous, but the stream
of pussy juice she was producing showed her excitement.  Ken whispered something
in Arianwen's ear, and the girl grinned and ran off.  While she was gone, Ken
slid the ring gag into the blonde's mouth and explained what was going on to
everyone.
     
      	"Sandy," he said, "wants to give bondage a try.  She thought it might be
a little boring though, so she was hoping that any person with a hard cock would
help her out.  Fuck her as hard as you want, but listen carefully for the safe
words and remember she's a novice."
     
      	By this time, Arianwen had returned.  She had a bunch of clothes neatly
folded and placed in a big pan from the kitchen.  Sandy's head was positioned on
a narrow board which was designed for use with head and throat straps.  Her head
wasn't strapped down, though.  Ken showed her the shallow glass pan with her
clothes in it.
     
      	"These look like all you brought with you," he said.  There wasn't much. 
A single change of underwear, two t-shirts and a pair of shorts.  Plus her
biking clothes.  Sandy nodded, looking confused.  "Good," he continued. 
"Because I'm going to put this pan down here under your head until we let you
up."  Sandy still looked confused.  Ken played with one of her nipples and ran
fingers over her damp skin.
     
      	"When Ari has to pee, I'd try to swallow fast.  Otherwise, your clothes
are going to need a washer," he whispered.  Sandy's eyes widened with
understanding.  "If you miss any, I plan on keeping your clothes until you have
to leave, and I'm gonna guess you won't want to wear them."
     
      	Sandy groaned, her stomach boiling with lust.  Ken had found a way to
complete her fantasy while still making it her choice.  If she didn't swallow,
her clothes would be covered with urine and, while she rarely wore any clothing
while she was at the mansion, she needed to run a ride tomorrow and wouldn't
have time to go home to change. 
     
      	She felt a soft tongue begin to rim her.  Looking down, she could just
barely see that it was Genie.  She was using a finger to lightly rub the
helpless girl's clit. Ari then started to lick Sandy's breasts.  Ari knew what
Sandy liked and was whispering dirty things to her while she played with the
bound woman.
     
      	"Yum, you taste good, Sandy," she said, then sucked a nipple in her
mouth.  Ari's soft tongue moved over Sandy's bicep as one, then two, of Genie's
fingers entered Sandy's cunt.  Genie's tongue had forced its way past her tight
sphincter and was fucking in and out. 
     
      	"Goddess, I love how you taste," whispered Ari, knowing by Sandy's
emotional responses exactly what to say and where to lick or suck.  Arianwen
continued to bathe Sandy's upper body with kisses and licks, ensuring she
thoroughly got the sensitive area under each arm.  Sandy was going nuts and
humping into the fingers rubbing her clit when Bill entered her.  At first he
just slid in and out, but Sandy started asking for it harder.  He increased his
pace.
     
      	"Uh, 'arder. 'Arder!" she begged, until he was slamming into her.  Ari
was twisting her nipples and running her tongue over Sandy's lips.  Genie had
wormed a finger into her asshole and was fucking a counterpoint to Bill's
thrusts.
     
      	"Mmmm," said Ari.  "Soon  maybe while Master Ken is fucking you, I'm
going to straddle your face and make you eat me.  I've been really wet for
hours, and I can' t wait to feel your tongue."
     
      	Sandy was rapidly approaching a powerful climax.  She hit her peak when
Ari whispered, "Then, I'm going to piss in your mouth.  You'll have to swallow
all of it, too -- unless you want it all over your clothes.  I've saved up a
whole lot, just so you know."
     
      	Bam!  Sandy came in an explosive grunt, her cunt clenching on Bill's
cock and causing him to cum as well.
     
      	Ken watched the erotic play and was satisfied.  He wondered if Bill had
noticed that he was able to come three or four times a day with very little
recovery time.  And even when he couldn't cum, Ken knew Bill would be able to
get hard long enough to please Genie.  Genie's sexual stamina had increased too. 
     
      	From conversations with Lea, Ken knew that people who worshipped Her
would get certain benefits.  People who regularly had sex with Her Circle would
also get certain benefits, and sexual stamina was one of them.  Gary was also
discovering this, but unlike Bill, he wondered why it was happening -- but only
while he wasn't at the mansion.
     
      	Oddities in sexual behavior at the mansion tended to be overlooked, Ken
had noticed, even though they'd be remembered and thought about while not in
Lea's domain.  Ken wondered why she didn't block Gary's inquires about Ari and
Jane's extraordinary healing abilities.  Then he shrugged.  Watching Sandy get
pounded by Eric, who like the rest of the Circle knew exactly what she wanted,
was more interesting than pondering the labyrinthine workings of his Goddess.
     
      	Kim went to work after Eric was finished and even ended up sharing the
cum she sucked out of Sandy's pussy with Sandy by dribbling it through the hole
of the ring gag.  Ellen, meanwhile, took her place between Sandy's legs and
fucked her through another orgasm.
     
      	Ken walked over to Jane.  His slave was once again zoning out.  Annette
had removed her bit gag and had hooked one foot around a rope suspending Jane. 
Jane, if she shifted her head, was just able to suck the woman's pussy.  Even
though it was very uncomfortable for her, especially with Gary tanning her ass
and pussy with the flogger, she did her best to make Annette cum.  Her best was
apparently quite good, since Annette was in the throes of multiple orgasms. 
Jane came, too.
     
      	"She has got to be the most amazing slave I've ever seen in my life,"
said Gary after he stepped away.
     
      	"She is that," said Ken fondly, while watching Annette kiss away the cum
she'd left on Jane's face.  "I think it's time to take her down, though."  Then,
in a louder voice he said, "Well slave?  Have you had enough?  Shall I take you
down now?"
     
      	"No, Master."
     
      	Ken blinked at the firm tone in her voice. 
     
      	"Please," she said in a softer voice. "A little longer, Sir?"
     
      	Ken saw that she was unwilling to let go of this moment.  She'd waited
for what seemed all her life to experience play at this level.
     
      	Ken knelt at her head, smiling, "OK.  But I have plans for you later, so
not too much longer."
     
      	Ken began to wonder if even he grasped the full extent of Jane's
desires, and her apparent ability to experience them without real injury.
     
      	Scanning the area, he saw that Bill had tied Genie to an open-bottom
chair and had positioned a vibrator on one of the stands so that, if she
strained enough, it just brushed her clit.  He'd also used one of the thicker
butt plugs in her ass and was experimentally using a flicker whip on her
breasts.  Genie was apparently enjoying herself.  A lot. 
     
      	Turning his attention to Sandy, he could see that she was tiring and
getting sore, but still enjoying herself.  Gary was taking out the erection he'd
developed while whipping Jane, and Sandy was loving the pounding she was
getting.  Ari was underneath them and, when Ken bent down, he could see her
tongue fucking Sandy's ass.  Annette was between Ari's legs, fingering the teen
and licking her clit.  Lea, thought Ken, must be really enjoying herself.
     
      	Gary's body tightened and he came.  Sandy didn't, but she was fairly
close and groaned with disappointment until Ari's mouth closed on her cunt.  Ari
made her cum, but Ken saw that she did it in a way that made it somewhat
unsatisfying and in seconds had driven Sandy's excitement right back up.  She
stood, walked to Sandy's head and gripped her hair, then slowly drooled Gary's
load into Sandy's mouth.  Sandy just moaned and swallowed.
     
      	Ken let her rest for a while.  He knew that it wouldn't be long before
she'd want to be released.
     
      	Finally, he stepped between her legs and slid his cock into her soaked
cunt.  She was quite a bit looser than she usually was; no surprise, considering
the number of times she'd been fucked.  Still, he was very wide and stretched
her a bit.  Since she was getting raw, he used some of the copious energy he'd
stored to heal her tissues.  Not too much, since he discovered that she was
getting off on the feeling of having been fucked so many times.  She liked a
little soreness.  He and Arianwen worked her as a well-oiled team.  Ari had
Sandy licking her cunt, while Ken drilled Sandy with hard strokes.  She came,
but he didn't stop and began pushing her up to another peak.  Ari was talking to
her, asking her if she liked the taste of her hot, juicy cunt.  Then she started
teasing Sandy.
     
      	"It's almost time," Ari said.  "I don't know if I can hold it too much
longer."  Sandy groaned, knowing exactly what 'it' was.
     
     	 "Goddess, I'm so full.  Are you going to swallow it all for me?" she
asked.
     
      	Sandy grunted something that sounded affirmative.  Ken and Ari knew it
was from the surge of lust they felt.
     
      	"Here it comes, lover," said Ari, lifting her pussy just off Sandy's
mouth.  "I hope you're ready, because there's a lot of it."
     
      	Sandy came as the first stream of Ari's urine flowed into her mouth. 
She came the entire time, multiple orgasms rolling through her, leaving her just
enough awareness to continue to swallow the hot fluid spraying into her mouth. 
Her final peak arrived when Ari had finished and quickly pulled the ring gag
from her mouth.
     
      	Ken heard the teen tell Sandy to stop swallowing.  Sandy wasn't really
thinking so well, but did as she was told.  Once the ring gag was out, Ari put
her mouth on Sandy's, and they shared the last of Ari's fluids.  Ken tensed and
came, causing Sandy to have her last orgasm.  She screamed into Ari's mouth;
fortunately they'd swallowed the last of Ari's piss, or Sandy would have choked.
     
      	They released the exhausted woman and put a blanket around her.  Ken
picked her up and carried her to a comfortable sofa, where they fed her water
and stroked her.  She actually fell asleep for a short time.

	It was later than he'd thought when Ken looked at the clock.  He sensed
that Sally was in the kitchen downstairs, and guessed that she was starting to
make some food.  That was a good thing.  He left Sandy with Ari and Annette,
who'd just wandered over, and went to Jane.
     
      	Apparently Eric had fucked her again, as had Ellen.  Her ass and inner
thighs were deep red from the flogger.  Her pussy swollen and flaming red. 
Right now, even touching it made her jump with pain.  But she absolutely loved
it.  Loved how, after all this time, the ropes had rubbed her skin raw, her tits
were swollen and almost blue from being tied so long.  Most of all, she loved
how even the throb of blood pulsing through her sex, and especially her clit,
created flames of agony that streaked through her sex.  She was on an almost
constant orgasmic high. 

		When they let her down, Jane was put into a slightly different
cage this time.  This one was even smaller than the other one, but there was a
cutout for her head.  They carried it downstairs.  Once out by the pool, they
set her down.  It was still quite warm outside, and several people were in the
pool.
     
      	"Master," she said.  "Please, I need to pee."
     
      	This cage was small enough for him to move himself, so he picked it up
(he was surprised at how light it was) and moved her near the shower.
     
      	"So pee," he said.
     
      	Jane had to stifle a scream as the acidic urine sprayed over her raw
skin.  There were cuts on her inner thighs, mons and ass, even some on her
labia, and the piss sprayed everywhere.  Apparently, she'd had to go for a
while.  He left her there, but didn't wash her off.  She couldn't get an
infection, so all that happened was the continual sting of the liquid on her
skin.  He'd never felt so much contentment from her and shook his head amazed.
     
   	 	Dinner was excellent, and everyone was very hungry.  Jane wasn't
released from her cage, but Ken ensured she had enough to eat and drink.  Sally
helpfully offered her pussy at her husband's suggestion, and Jane happily at
that as well.
   
	Everyone, extra energy or no, was just too tired to do much after
dinner.  The Circle could have kept going, but were feeling pretty mellow
themselves.  Ken, however, had plans for Jane, who was carried upstairs and
released from her cage.  That didn't last long, though, and she was tied to
something that resembled a gynecological chair.  Straps went around her body
above and below her breasts, around her thighs and feet, and her arms were
cuffed over her head.  The steel arms that her legs were attached to were
adjusted to spread her very wide.  Gary wheeled over a small table with a bunch
of things on it that Jane couldn't see.  She wasn't afraid, but wanted to know
what her Master had planned for her.
   
     	Ken picked up a very small tube from the cart, placed it over Jane's
still distended clit, then squeezed the hand pump connected to the other end. 
She jumped and moaned loudly as the sensitive organ was pulled sharply into the
inside.  She tried squirming as the burning pain built, but couldn't move very
far.  Ken removed the pump, leaving close to an inch of her clitoris sucked into
the tube.  Ken knew it burned like hell, but wasn't actually enough pain to make
her orgasm.  It wouldn't have taken much more; perhaps a crop on her bruised and
welted breasts, or on her ass -- which was in much worse condition.  But nope,
she was left like that for close to ten minutes, her ardor rising with every
minute.  The rest of the Circle arrived and stood around, talking about the
events of the day.  Eventually, everyone was up there and gathered around.
    
     	Ken released the tube, and Jane cried out, just a hair's breadth from
orgasm.   Nothing was done to help her over the edge.  Gary pealed back her clit
hood so that the distended organ was completely exposed, and Ken applied the
piercing forceps.
   
     	Jane still didn't know what was going to happen.  She figured that she
had been placed in the chair to service whoever wanted to use her.  When the
forceps closed around her clit, she thought that he had only applied a clamp to
her.  But her eyes widened when she saw the needle in his hand.
    
     	"Ready?" he asked.
    
     	Her panting increased as she realized that her Master was going to
pierce her clit.  She nodded, her posture anticipating the searing pain that
she'd soon experience.
    
     	Ken sat, took a deep breath, and slowly pushed the sharp needle through
his slave's most sensitive organ.  She shrieked loudly as the most powerful
orgasm she'd ever experienced slammed into her body.  Liquid fire poured through
her abused sex, and her lower muscles clenched, squirting a short stream of cum
onto Ken's chest.
    
     	Ken left the needle where it was and took out the ring that Lea had
given him.  It was made of a white metal that looked like platinum, and had the
same designs as the ring on her finger had, but they were inlaid in green and
red.  It was amazing workmanship, and as soon as he showed it to her, she
smiled, knowing where it came from. 
    
     	Gary wanted to see it, and Ken handed it to him.  He was amazed by the
workmanship, but even more amazed by its weight.  It felt heavier than a piece
of lead -- which it clearly was not.  Ken slid the ring onto the piercing
needle, then slowly pulled Jane's new jewelry into position.  Her orgasm was
almost as strong as the last one, and she lay panting, finally almost exhausted. 
Still, her ordeal was not over.
    
     	"I guess it's time to give you a little rest, my love," said Ken after
giving her some water.
    
     	"I will serve you however you wish, Master," said Jane.  She was,
finally, tiring.
    
     	Eric walked over and laid a heavy peace of leather out on the floor, and
soon Jane found herself securely strapped inside a mummy bag.  First, Ken
inserted a wide metal probe deep in her pussy.  It was held there with a split
strap that avoided her new ring.  Next, wires were attached to the plug, her
ring and two to each bar in her nipples.
    
     	"I don't know how restful you'll find this," he said grinning,  "but
have fun."
    
     	Each strap, and her gag, were tightened one more time, then the bag was
zipped up and carried to their bedroom.  Bill had already moved the modified
Tens unit and the laptop in there.  They swiftly attached the wires, then
started the program that he had created with Bill's help.  This had always been
a fantasy of his, but he'd never had the equipment or expertise to carry it off. 
Now, with Bill's help, he had both.
    
     	The bag jerked as the first bits of current flowed through Jane.  Pure
lust radiated out of it, and Ken smiled as he and Eric headed downstairs.
    
     End Chapter 41




Avatar

Chapter 42

      	Ken had a laptop positioned on the table out by the pool.  Bill had set
up two new tools on the system that Ken really loved.  The first let Ken access
the program controlling the Tens unit attached to Jane from any computer in the
house.  The second ran a graphical representation of a person when the program
ran; when the Tens unit applied electricity to an area of (in this case) Jane's
body, the corresponding area on the graphic turned red.  Bill had done a nice
job.  Ken glanced over at the graphic which showed that only the left nipple was
turned red presently. He also loved how the program could be set up to run
completely random parameters with certain limits; Ken only had to specify max
power, max-time on and max-time off, and away it went.  There were other
adjustments, in case he wanted to concentrate on a specific body part for
instance, but he hadn't used any of those this time.  He could feel the
corresponding pulses of lust from his bound slave.
      
       	It was dark out and many people had zoned out by now.  Ken was reading
by the pool (book lights were a wonderful invention).  Eric was leaned back in a
lounge and Sally had snuggled between his legs and was resting against his huge
chest while she nursed the baby.  Ken could feel the small waves of contentment
coming from Christine as she sucked her mother's warm milk, and he could sense
the low-level pleasure that Sally experienced by feeding her daughter from her
own body.  How people could be offended by breast feeding, Ken thought, was
completely beyond him.  Eric, too, was relaxed and happy, very content to have
his wife and daughter in his arms.
      
       	As usual, it was Arianwen who changed the mood.  Ken felt the sexual
energy in the area increase and, when he looked up, he saw why. 

	Arianwen was leading Sandy toward him.  He admired the rope work that
had been done on the taller woman.  Sandy's arms were folded behind her back and
held there with a nice Japanese rope tie.  More rope held her arms to her sides
and squeezed her 'B' cup breasts until they bulged.  Nooses of hemp twine had
been firmly attached to the base of each dark, pink nipple.  Ken put aside his
book as they approached.
      
       	"Master Ken," said Ari, "I was wondering if you'd be able to help us."
      
       	Ken looked at Sandy.  The only distress the woman seemed to be in was a
serious need to cum.  Ari's work, he assumed.
      
       	"We made a little bet," said Ari by way of explanation.  "I bet her that
if she let me tie her up, I'd be able to tease her until she begged to do a
certain something.  If I failed, I'd try mountain biking -- and I'd be her sex
slave for twenty-four hours."
      
       	"I see," said Ken with a shrewd look on his face.
      
       	"Master!" exclaimed Ari. "I didn't cheat, I promise."
      
       	Ken accepted that, then said, "OK, so who won?"
      
       	"I did, of course," said Ari.
      
       	"You think so?"  he asked, his tone ambiguous.
      
       	"Yes, Sir," she frowned, wondering what she was missing.
      
       	He nodded.  "So, why are you here?"
      
       	Ari turned to Sandy, whose clit she'd been lightly fingering, and said,
"Do it."
      
       	Ken knew that the woman was blushing, even though he couldn't see it in
the dim light.
      
       	"Master Ken," she said, "Arianwen promised me an orgasm if I..." She
gasped as Ari slid two fingers into her.
      
       	"Don't worry, Sandy.  All you have to do is say nothing, and you'll be
able to make yourself cum.  Like in about an hour or so when I let you go,"  Ari
smirked.
      
       	"You are such a little wench," said Sandy, rotating her hips in time to
Ari's dancing fingers.  True to her word, Ken felt that Ari was using none of
her usual tricks on Sandy; she was finding ways to control her sexual attraction
just like the rest of them were.  Gathering her courage, Sandy looked at Ken and
said, "Master Ken, Arianwen promised me an orgasm, guh ...you're so mean, Ari
... oh god, don't stop ... if I offered to let you pee in my mouth."
      
       	"Are you sure you want me to do that?"
      
       	"Yes, Master Ken," gasped the woman.  Ari was really doing a number on
her -- which Ken saw was giving Sandy the courage to ask for this.  Given what
she'd gone through earlier, Ken was surprised that Sandy would want this.  After
all, she'd specified that only Arianwen pee in her mouth, and she only swallowed
because she'd been 'forced'.  He hadn't thought she'd enjoyed that part of her
experience that much.  Apparently, Sandy was in a very submissive mood. 

	Ken threw down a cushion for Sandy to kneel on.  Ari laid down
underneath her and pulled her hips down.  Sandy's breath hissed from between her
lips as the teen started sucking her.  Ken stepped forward and offered Sandy his
cock, which she eagerly opened her mouth to accept.  Mindful that, despite
swallowing Ari's piss once before, this wasn't really Sandy's kink, he released
a little bit into her mouth.  She quickly swallowed and moaned as her orgasm
started.  Ken let go even more, and Sandy drank the slowly-released stream while
cumming like crazy on Arianwen's face.  Ari groaned as Sandy released her own
bladder, while Sandy had the novel experience of having an orgasm while peeing. 
Perhaps, Ken thought, it was her thing.
      
       	When the girls finished, and Ari started to lead Sandy away, Ken called
out, "Arianwen, sweetheart."
      
       	"Uh oh," said Ari.  She hurried to his side and knelt.
      
       	"You realize that, as a slave, you really shouldn't offer your services
to someone without your Master's permission?"
      
       	Ari looked down and said, "I'm sorry, Master."
      
       	"I think you should try biking with Sandy tomorrow.  And when you get
back, remind me that you should be punished."
      
       	"Yes, Master," said Ari.
      
       	"Now, go take care of Sandy.  I think those ropes might be a little
tight on her, now that she's cum."
      
       	Ari scurried back to Sandy's side and asked if she was OK.  Sandy
nodded, and they disappeared back upstairs. 
      
       	It was almost eleven by the time Ken decided to head upstairs.  Jane had
been in the mummy bag for three hours.  She'd cum a number of times, and was now
deep into sub space.  It was probably time to release her.  Ari arrived in the
bedroom just as Ken turned off the Tens unit.
      
       	"Where's Sandy?" he asked.
      
       	"She wanted to sleep with Bill and Genie," replied Ari, "and I wanted to
be here when you let Jane out."
      
       	He nodded.  "Please go and fill the tub with warm water."
      
       	"Sure," she said, wanting a bath herself.
      
       	Ken released Jane and removed all the attachments from her rings.  She
was pretty out of it, her pupils once again dilated like she was drugged.  He
fed her some water, then picked her up and carried her into the bathroom, where
the water in the tub was just deep enough to support her.  Between Ari and Ken,
they washed and messaged her.  She was totally zoned out, sated in a way he'd
rarely seen.  In fact, the only other time he seen her like this was when Lea
had been involved with them.  They dried her, and Ken carried her to the bed. 
She was asleep immediately, and Ken and Arianwen soon joined her.
      
       	Ari was gone and Jane still asleep when Ken got up the next morning. 
Sally was awake and in the kitchen.  Sandy was gone. Annette was asleep, as were
Kim and Ellen. Bill was in his lab, of all places, and Gary was alone in the
dungeon.  Ken threw on some shorts and went to the dungeon.
      
       	"Morning, Gary," he said to the other man, who was looking rather
carefully at the gyno chair that Jane had been in yesterday.
     
      	"Morning, Ken," he replied straightening.  "How's Jane this morning?"
     
      	"Still asleep," said Ken.  "She hates getting up early."
     
      	"I'm sure," he said.  "Especially after yesterday.  I don't think I've
ever seen anyone take that much during a scene -- at least not at the level she
did."
     
     	Ken could feel Gary's consternation, but it wasn't directed at Jane,
exactly.  It was directed at the chair.
    
     	"I might need to order you another one of these," he said.  "The swing
arms are bent, the straps stressed and the metal up here is all dented."
    
     	"Oh?" said Ken, looking at it.  Jane, he realized, must have really been
gripping it hard during the intense orgasms she'd experienced.  He knew they
were all getting stronger, but Jane tended to forget herself.  Understandable,
he thought, when someone was sliding a needle through your clit.
    
     	Gary was past the point of asking what the hell was going on around
here.  The sex was incredible, the people were awesome and, if they healed
inhumanly fast, well fine.  As he looked at the chair though, he saw that he'd
have to re-enforce some of the furniture that he'd made for Ken.
    
     	"Annette came to me the other day and asked if it was OK if she became a
Pagan," Gary chuckled.  "At first, I wondered why she wanted to join a
motorcycle gang, but then realized that it was the religion thing she'd been
talking to Arianwen about."
    
     	"Does that upset you?" asked Ken.
    
     	"Nope.  I'm kinda flattered she asked my permission," he replied.  "Like
I said before, even though she's my slave, I don't own her."
    
     	Ken was silent for a moment.  "Later this evening, but not too late, we
are holding a ritual to celebrate the summer solstice.  Do you mind if I ask her
if she'd like to celebrate with us?"
    
     	"Secret ritual, eh?" asked Gary.
    
     	"Not exactly.  But for the actual ritual, the tendency is to invite
people who practice the religion or who want to practice the religion."
    
     	Gary nodded, understanding.  It interrupted the mood of a scene or event
if someone was just standing there, staring at you while you were engaged in
doing something.
    
     	"Like I said, I don't own Annette.  She's free to join in, if she wants. 
I can take off and come back later to get her."
    
     	"You don't have to leave," said Ken.  "After the actual ritual, we'll
relax and have food.  Good friends would be welcome."
    
     	Gary smiled and said, "Don't suppose that lady will be here?"
    
     	Ken returned his grin and said, "She's always here."
    
     	Gary rolled his eyes.
    
    	 Ken grinned wider.  "If she shows up, I have no idea how long she'll
stay."  Then he paused.  "I know you want to meet her, but meeting Lea can...
change a person."  And isn't that an understatement, he thought.
    
     	"I'll take my chances," he replied. "Provided she sticks around."

    	Arianwen came back with Sandy, looking a bit worse for wear.  She had on
shorts, a tank top and a lot of mud.  Ken grinned at her and said, "How was your
ride?"

    	Ari looked at him and replied, "Muddy."  She stopped for a moment, then
said, "It might have had something to do with the stream Sandy insisted we ride
through."  She turned and walked upstairs to get washed.  Ari, Ken saw, was not
a mountain biker.

    	He felt Jane wake briefly after Ari had come back downstairs, then
immediately fall back to sleep.  Ken wondered if it was a relief for the women
to not have to worry much about what they wore around the house.  All the subs
insisted on being naked.  Gee, Ken thought, wasn't that a bummer!  He had just
finished eating when he felt Jane begin to wake again.  He piled a bunch of food
on a tray, grabbed some coffee and headed up to the bedroom.  Ari followed him
with her own plate of food.  Ken sat on the bed and lightly ran his fingers down
Jane's back.  There were very few marks from yesterday left, and through his
affinity with her, he could tell that her clit had fully healed.  Ari's small
hands joined Ken's in rubbing Jane's back, ass and legs.
Jane slowly turned over and sighed as the rubbing hands continued their efforts. 
Ken removed a strawberry from the tray and fed it to her.  An apple slice
followed, then a peach slice -- which dripped juice on her chin.  Ari made short
work of that, moving in for a kiss when the sweet juice was gone.
    
      	He was surprised to feel that Jane was slightly uncomfortable.  Not
physically, but emotionally.
     
      	"What's wrong, love?" he asked.
     
      	She smiled shyly and said, "Nothing, Master.  It's just that, well, I
should be serving you, and here you and Ari are feeding me."
     
      	Ken leaned down and kissed her.  "Jane, you *are* serving me.  Are you
trying to tell me that I can't feed my slave if I want?"
     
      	"Oh no, Master," she quickly replied.
     
      	"And if I want to pull on this," 'this' being a nipple bar, which he
pulled until the nipple was stretched into a cone, "I can do that, too."
     
      	Jane gasped, and he felt desire begin to coil in her belly.  He marveled
at how easily she was aroused, still not used to it even though he'd had ample
experience with how all the Priestess reacted.
     
      	"Yes, Master," she whispered, her voice going husky.
     
      	Ken smiled and fed her more food.  Soon, Ken started playing with Jane's
clit ring, first with his fingers, then with his tongue.  While he ate her,
Arianwen decided that Jane needed more food.  She pushed a banana into her pussy
and moved both over Jane's mouth.  Jane happily sucked the sticky fruit out of
her sister slave, commenting on how good a pussy-flavored banana tasted.  Ken
got Jane close to orgasm very quickly.  Apparently, the ring made a lot of
difference and when she finally did cum, her scream muffled by Ari's cunt, it
was quite intense. 
     
      	They made love a while longer, Ken cumming once in each Priestess, then
they showered and went downstairs.
     
      	"Joan never showed up or called," commented Jane as they were laying by
the pool later that day.
     
      	"Yeah, I noticed.  I'll drop by her office tomorrow to make sure
everything's alright."
     
      	"Would it be alright if I did that, Master?" asked Jane, her deep blue
eyes radiating innocence and purity.
     
      	Ken thought for a moment, then said, "Okay, but go easy on her love.  I
think she's pretty lonely, and we don't want to drive her away."
     
      	Jane just lay back and smiled, "Of course, Master."
     
      	Ken got the feeling that Joan was in for some trouble.


      	The day was pretty low key.  Ellen spent most of her day having Kim and
Genie serve her.  Aside from Gary and Annette playing in there for a while, the
dungeon was left pretty much unused.  Music drifted out of the media room, and
Bill was once again found in the lab with Eric.  When Ken entered the room,
there was a gutted robotic vacuum on the table.  Lines of code were glowing on
one monitor, while a white box moving through a floor plan was on the other.
     
      	Ken studied the floor plan for a minute, then asked, "Bill, were you
going to load the floor plan into the robots?"
     
      	"Yup.  That way the communications load is reduced.  Each 'bot will have
an assigned area and not wander when it shouldn't," he replied.
     
      	"I'd like you to make sure that, if the 'bot is tampered with in any
way, the memory is destroyed."
     
      	"'Scuse me?" asked the man as he wheeled around in his chair.  Eric was
nodding his head in agreement with Ken.
     
      	"Yeah," said Eric, "We'll make it so that any unauthorized attempt to
retrieve information from the 'bots will destroy the information."  Then he
snorted.  "Although, I'm no computer expert mind you, but I'd guess the
encryption he's come up with would make it all but impossible anyway."
     
     	"Maybe, but what's the big deal if the floor plan's in the bots?" asked
Bill.
     
      	"Let's just say that I'd rather not have any more information out there
than necessary.  And the computer that runs the bot's should be physically
isolated from the Net."
     
      	"Oh," said Bill non-plussed.  "I was planning on putting them on our
intranet, which is connected to the internet, but everything's firewalled off."
     
      	"I see.  Would you be able to make the intranet physically isolated from
the internet?"
     
      	"Yeah, I could do that -- with a bunch more machines.  I mean, it's your
dime, but the firewall's secure.  I wrote it myself," he grinned.
     
      	"Well, as my instructor always said, 'There's always somebody better.'"
replied Ken.
     
      	"So you don't want the machines on the internet and intranet to be
connected at all?"
     
      	Ken thought for a moment, then asked, "Is there a real need?"
     
      	"It just means that we'd have to have two computers any place we want to
connect to both the household net and the internet," said Bill.  "Let me give it
some thought, though."
     
      	It was getting on toward evening by the time Ken bestirred himself
again.  Everyone had decided to stay at least for dinner and Ken had spoken to
Ellen, Kim and Sandy about the upcoming ritual.  They decided to continue to
relax and eat dinner when everyone else did. 
     
      	Ellen and Kim were quite interested in what was going on.  They'd seen
the pentacle that Ken, Jane and Ari wore and knew what it was, but this was the
first time Ken and mentioned anything about it.
     
      	The ritual itself was beautiful.  They welcomed the Goddess and She
joined them, making Annette and Genie's eyes go round with wonder since they'd
been sure the woman wasn't there a second ago.  The circle in the Garden flared
to life, a wall of sliver and green power like glowing mist enclosing them all. 
The scent of growing things and Summer surrounded them.  Each person felt
whatever it was they associated with Summer: the scents, the heat on their skin,
lazy days and peace.  Honeyed mead was passed around, dark rich bread was shared
and Ken was presented with a major surprise just before the closing of the
ritual.
     
      	"Kenneth, my love, come to me," said Lea from the middle of the circle. 
Ken smiled and stepped into Her arms and was given another kiss.  They had all
kissed at the start of the ritual, and Ken had been very amused to watch the
looks on Genie and Annette's face when they received their first kiss from Lea.
     
      	"Kenneth, two of my Priestess feel there is something that needs be
addressed.  They have asked me for a boon and I will grant it -- if you agree."
     
      	"Lea," said Ken, "I can't imagine anything that you would agree to give
them that I would want to deny them."
     
      	Lea smiled, and Ken started to wonder what was going on.   The Goddess
had a tendency of finding ways to surprise him.
     
      	She held out Her hands and said, "Approach."
     
      	Arianwen and Jane both got up and knelt at Lea's sides, facing Ken. 
They were naked, as was everyone in the Circle, but they each had a crown of
flowers on their heads, which hadn't been there a moment ago.  Ken was still in
the dark with what this was all about.
     
      	"Is this still your wish?"  asked Lea.
     
      	Jane just nodded, a big smile on her face and tears in her eyes. 
Arianwen choked out a 'Yes'.
     
      	"Kenneth, these two women, your High Priestesses, have asked that I
present their request to you."  She paused, then smiled.  "They are already
bound to you through their service to me, but they are bound by another thing as
well: love for you.  Do you love these women?"
     
      	"Of course," he said.  He was still wondering what was going on.
     
      	"Will you take them," said Lea in a soft voice, "as your wives?"
     
      	And then he understood.  They were bound to him as slaves and as his
High Priestesses.  It had never occurred to him that they'd want to marry him as
well -- mainly because society wouldn't allow them all to marry.  Since he
wouldn't want to marry one and not the other, he had dismissed the thought and
never brought it up.  Besides, they hadn't said anything about it. 
     
      	What constituted a marriage in this situation? he mused.  Ken knew that
they wouldn't stop having sex with other people.  Also, he was coming to love
Sally and Eric and knew Jane and Ari were, as well.  But the bond that he felt
with Jane and Arianwen was different.  Apparently, they felt the same way and
wanted to acknowledge it.  All this flashed through his brain in seconds.
     
      	He reached out a hand to each of them and said, "It would honor me
beyond anything I could think of to accept these women as my wives."
     
      	They rose to their feet, both of them with tears streaming down their
faces.  Ken had never felt happier in his life.
     
      	"Then we shall continue," said Lea.  All three of them looked at Her. 
"Arianwen and Jane, will you take Kenneth as your husband?"
     
      	"Oh yes," said Jane.
     
      	"Yes," said Arianwen firmly.
     
      	"You may kiss your wives," said Lea.
     
      	Ken did just that, marveling at how kissing each of the women, despite
how many times he'd done it, was more intense than he'd ever remembered it. 
They separated, and Jane and Ari got their surprise.
     
      	"There is more to do here." said Lea, her face alight with joy and
mischief. "Jane, will you take Arianwen as your wife?"
     
      	Jane looked very surprised -- apparently, she hadn't thought of that. 
Her smile grew even bigger.
     
      	"Yes."  she said firmly.
     
      	"And Arianwen," asked Lea of the shocked girl, "Will you take Jane as
your wife?"
     
      	"Yes," came her trembling voice.  She too had been unprepared for Lea's
surprise, apparently not considering that possibility any more than Ken had.
     
      	The women kissed, and the rest of the Circle applauded, then everyone
met and congratulated them.  They finished closing the ritual a short time
later.
     
      	Very shortly after the circle was opened, everyone else at the house
found themselves in the Garden sharing bread, mead and other drink.  Ken felt
Gary's surprise when Annette knelt in front of him with a goblet raised in her
hands.  He looked at Ken, who motioned him to drink, and when he did he found it
was the purest water he'd ever tasted.  Not the new water of Spring, still
tinged with frost, but the refreshing water of Summer that cools and invigorates
while quenching one's thirst.  She stood when he finished and went to get more.
     
      	Bill found himself the recipient of a naked, very emotional Genie, who
plastered herself to him, smothering him with kisses while feeding him bread and
mead.  Sally and Eric came from the kitchen, Eric carrying two huge platters --
one piled with roast beef, chicken and other food, and one with fruits and small
cakes.  Sally wheeled a cart with more pitchers of juice and carafes of coffee
and tea.
     
      	Gary worked his way over to Ken and said, "Wow!  Are all your rituals
like this?"
     
      	Ken, having only done two, one of which was the gate opening, was still
able to truthfully respond with a negative.  Creating the Gate had been nothing
like this.
     
      	"It seems like something big happened," he commented.
     
      	"You could say that," responded Ken. "Arianwen and Jane had a little
something up their sleeve that I didn't know about."
     
      	"Oh?"
     
      	"Yup.  They got Lea to marry us."
     
      	"All three of you?  I didn't think that was legal."
     
      	"Gary, you know something about our beliefs.  If our... Goddess, grants
us marriage, then for my money, the government has nothing to say about it."  He
paused as Gary frowned with thought.  "So Jane, Arianwen and I are now married."
     
      	"Huh," he grunted.  "That's pretty cool.  Maybe I should join you guys
after all."  He made a show of looking around, then said, "I notice that this
Lea person isn't here."
     
      	"Of course I am, Gary," came Lea's voice as she appeared, standing
slightly behind him.  Gary didn't see her just appear, and it didn't phase Ken,
who was used to it.  Gary was more than a little startled, though.  He hadn't
been looking at her when she appeared, but he and Ken were kind of in their own
little corner, and there was no way for her to get where she was without him
seeing her walk up.  He'd been distracted for a second by the sight of a
determined Jane, Annette and Arianwen heading their way, but that was the only
direction Lea could have come from -- and she hadn't. 
     
      	Annette, unlike Ken, was not used to someone just appearing out of
nowhere, and her steps faltered as she came toward them.  It looked as if She
had just stepped out of some shadows, but there were thick hedges there which
were not passable.  When Gary turned toward where Annette was staring, he was
presented with the most beautiful woman he'd ever laid eyes on.
     
      	Ken knew the feelings the Lea could create in a human, and she was
certainly creating them in Gary.  His face flushed, and it looked like he was
having a hard time breathing.

      	"The mysteries of life run deeply in this one," said Lea to Ken.  "But
they are locked away, too."  She put a hand on Gary's cheek.  He would have
flinched, if he'd been able to move.
     
      	"Lea, don't hurt him," said Ken only partially joking.
     
      	"I won't," she returned, her gaze never leaving Gary's.  "He has locked
away that part of himself that should feel joy.  Joy of Spring and Summer, joy
of mystery.  Even much of the joy of creation he should get from his work."  She
smiled, and continued.  "But he has not locked away Annette.  She who is his
slave, heart and soul, can be his guide."
     
      	She took Her hand away, and Gary was able to draw a breath.  He shook
his head, very confused by this woman who was in front of him.
     
      	"I am Lea," she said.
     
      	"Gary," he said, unnecessarily.
     
      	She smiled and said, "May I kiss you?"
     
      	That had to have been the oddest question he'd ever been asked by a
complete stranger.  All the same, he found he was very unwilling to tell her no
and just nodded.
     
      	Lea flowed into his arms, and it felt like he'd embraced Summer Herself. 
The heat of Summer passion flowed through him as Her lips met his.  The kiss
contained the sweet, musky taste of a woman's sex after a walk in the heat, felt
like plunging his hardness into her wet, willing sex; it was salty, like the
sweat of her passion as they climaxed together.
     
      	Lea pulled away and smiling almost shyly said, "It was a pleasure to
meet you."  She was gone before he could recover.  Ken had felt the effect Lea'd
had on him.  Well, he thought, it wasn't like he hadn't been warned.
     
      	Gary turned and almost tripped over Annette, who was at his feet.  He
pulled her from her knees and kissed her.  She quickly succumbed to his passion,
and they promptly disappeared into the mansion.
     
     	 Ken smiled to himself as he put his arms around his wives.  Oh yeah,
asking to meet a Goddess could be very dangerous -- especially if she grants
your wish.
     
      End Chapter 42




Avatar

Chapter 43

      	Ken was in the kitchen, alone, drinking coffee when Gary wandered in,
bleary-eyed and moving slowly in search of caffeine.  Ken's night with his wives
had been fantastic and he felt more energized than ever.  Their time had been
comfortable, sensuous and somehow more complete than their other times together.
     
      	" 'morning Gary," he said.
     
      	Gary sat with his head in his hands, inhaling the scent of the coffee
he'd found , waiting for it to cooldown.
    
      	The man looked up, obviously more than a bit worse for wear and asked,
"How do you manage to keep two women satisfied?  Annette about killed me last
night."
     
      	Ken chuckled and said, "Well, it helps that they like each other.  They
go for each other, or Eric or Bill, when I'm too tired."
     
      	"You don't ever seem to *get* tired," replied the man, taking his first
sip.  He sat back, then looked at Ken sharply and said, "You know, now that I
think about it, you really don't seem to get worn out.  If you've got good
drugs, then I'd like some too please."
     
      	"Nope.  I don't do the whole drug thing.  They aren't welcome in the
house at all."
     
      	"Then how do you do it?  The more I think about these last few weekends,
the more I remember that you never seem to get worn out."  He paused in
invitation, but Ken remained silent.  More coffee disappeared, then Gary said in
an offhand tone, "I'll bet there's not a mark on Jane anywhere this morning --
unless you added more last night."  Ken shook his head.  "And I'll bet that her
piercing is healed up, too."
     
      	"No bet," responded Ken.
     
      	"And you never seem to run out of sexual energy," continued Gary.  "Come
to think of it, neither does Eric, although I've seen Bill get too pooped to
pop."
     
      	Gary went silent with thought. Ken saw his mind working, throwing away
one hypothesis after another as he tried to put together all the pieces he had. 
He wasn't coming up with any answers that fit, although Ken did think the 'they
are all aliens' explanation was pretty funny.  He controlled his amusement,
though.
     
      	"So what did Annette do that wore you out?" he asked.
     
      	Gary shook his head as visions of little green men with very large dicks
evaporated and replied, "I've never seen her like she was last night.  She was
so submissive that I just couldn't stop myself from taking her over and over." 
His look grew serious. "She gave herself to me in a way that I'd never imagined
could happen.  I just don't have the words to explain it.  And I, uh, was pretty
worked up after meeting that friend of yours."
     
      	That was an understatement, Ken knew.  Gary had felt supercharged with
sexual energy, like he was a teen again.  Ken could also see that Lea had opened
a door inside of Gary.  A door that, for some reason, he had kept closed since
he was a child.  Ken knew that Gary would have re-closed it already, if not for
Annette.  Lea had been right: Gary could choose to walk through it or not, but
Annette would keep it open for him until he chose.
     
      	"What did you think of her?" asked Ken.
     
      	Gary was not ready to admit how a single kiss from Lea had rocked his
world.
     
      	"Well, I've never seen anyone so beautiful," he replied.  "She was a
good kisser, too."  Now there's an understatement, Gary thought.
     
      	"Yes, she does make an impression," smiled Ken as he got up.  "Are you
and Annette going to stay here today or head out?"
     
      	"I've got a bunch of work to do, so I'll be at the shop."
     
      	Ken saw that Gary was worried about his business.  He was being harassed
by the fire department now.  Continual inspections were occurring, and not a few
fines for things so minor that it was ridiculous.  There was a building
inspector due later in the week as well.
     
      	"Okay if I stop by later?  I have class in a little while, but I'd like
to speak to Annette," said Ken, rinsing off his dishes.
     
      	"Yeah, no prob."
     
      	Arianwen appeared around the corner with her laptop bag in her hand. 
She stood on her tiptoes and kissed Ken.
     
      	"Good morning, my Husband," she smiled.  "I'm ready to go when you are."
     
      	"Good morning to you, my wife," he said, smiling in return.  They paused
for a deeper kiss.  "You don't have to go with me, you know.  I'm sure you have
other things to do than to avoid Chad."
     
      	Arianwen made a face.  There was little doubt that the super-short white
skirt, sandals and loose tank top she was wearing would get Chad's attention. 
She looked absolutely radiant this morning.
     
      	"He's no problem.  Besides, I downloaded a bunch of articles to go
through for some research I'm doing."
     
      	Ken knew that trying to convince Ari she didn't have to go would be a
waste of breath, so he didn't bother.  Ari also kissed Gary, who -- to his
absolute amazement -- felt his sluggish body begin to respond.  Then she and Ken
left.
     
      	Class was good.  Ken was regaining his mental equilibrium when it came
to sparring.  It still made him queasy sometimes, but mostly he was okay.  He
was careful not to do anything that made him stand out, and used only those
techniques that had been taught so far.  Chad was having to work harder to land
a punch, which pleased Ken.
     
      	He made it to Gary's store in time to find the fire inspector was there
-- again.  The man was giving Gary a hard time about some nit-noid thing.  Ken
was unamused, especially when he saw in the man's mind that the reason he was
there was as a personal favor to a certain congressman.
     
      	Ken remained in the background as the inspector made it clear that if
Gary didn't 'Get his act together regarding fire safety' he was going to have to
shut him down.  Gary was seething under the surface, but it never showed in his
polite answers to the man's badgering.  The inspector handed Gary a paper and
left.  As he passed Ken, the inspector looked at him.  His thoughts were along
the lines of 'These fucking perverts should all be locked up.'  Considering the
fantasies -- never acted on -- in the man's mind, Ken thought that was a bit
hypocritical.  Kinky as he was, not even Ken was into dogs.  He sighed and
walked over to his friend.
     
      	"Hey, Gary," he said.
     
      	"Hey," returned the man.  He was thinking that if this kept up, he was
sunk.  The fine was substantial, and even though he had the money to pay it, the
constant drain was eating into his funds.  With the economy the way it was, he
just didn't have a lot of reserves.   Not only that, but the owner of the
building was making noises about Gary being a troublemaker.  They talked for a
while and Gary blew off some steam, then Ken asked to see Annette.  Gary pointed
him to her work room and he went inside.
     
      	"Good morning, Master Ken," she said as he walked in.
     
      	Annette looked absolutely radiant this morning.  Her dark hair shone,
her eyes sparkled.  She sat there carving some wax molds, naked except for an
apron. Annette felt very alive and aroused this morning; he could smell her
scent, rich and sexy.  He saw in her mind that she was absolutely sure of two
things:  Gary needed to be permanently in her life, and so did this religion
she'd fallen into.
     
      	"Gary said that you had a good night last night," said Ken with a
teasing smile.
     
      	Annette blushed.  Even she couldn't believe how she'd acted.  It wasn't
what they actually had done, although that had been pretty wild.  It was her
attitude.  She'd never felt so submissive in her entire life.  She would have
done anything that Gary wanted -- still would, for that matter.  She'd begged
him to use her in the most shameless ways she could think of, used every word,
every motion of her body to declare that she was his.  Even now, she knew, he
was trying to wrap his brain around one of her requests -- something that he'd
originally wanted, but that she had asked him not to do.  Now it was the other
way around.
     
      	And Lea.  The woman was nothing short of amazing.  Annette's nipples got
hard and her pussy slick when she thought about the incredible red-headed witch. 
She'd come to terms with that, too.  Jane, Ken, Arianwen, Eric and Sally were
witches in her mind.  Not as in the stupid, Christian perversion of the word,
but in the sense that it had originally meant: people who worshipped the earth
and the Goddess.  Still, Lea was in a class by herself.
     
      	Ken read all this from her -- was almost forced to, since she was
projecting so strongly.  The ritual had changed Annette.  No, he thought, it
wasn't a change.  It was more of an acceptance of who she was, a discovery that
there were others like her, who wanted to live their lives by their own rules.
     
      	"It was a very intense night," said Annette after a moment of silence. 
She looked at Ken, almost daring him to say something negative, something to
play down what she'd felt. 

	He didn't.  "I'm glad that the ritual got you off to a good start for
the evening," he said.  His smile was warm and welcoming, and she saw that he,
too, had recently experienced something like what she'd felt last night.
     
      	She stood, stripped off the apron and walked toward him.  He opened his
arms and she slid into them and kissed him.  Heat blazed into life, engulfing
her body.  Her breath caught as he returned her kiss and her sex swelled,
getting even wetter than it had been.
     
      	"Well, now," said Ken, "I would have thought you'd have been worn out
from the weekend."
     
      	"Oh no, Master Ken!  I know that Master has given you permission to use
me as you like.  Is there some way I can serve you?"
     
      	"Yes, my dear, there is.  But today it's your other talents I need."
     
      	Disappointment showed in her eyes, but she said nothing.
     
      	"Although," said Ken as he reached up to cup her breast, "I bet I'll
have more of your attention if we take care of certain other things first."
     
      	He buried one hand in her hair and pulled her head back.  Her steel
collar showed brightly around her neck, and he enjoyed the sight of her gasping
as he painfully twisted her pierced nipple in his fingers.  Ken could still feel
the echoes of last night's ritual in her body.
     
      	"Yo, Gary," he said in a raised voice.  "Spread your legs, slave," he
said to Annette.  Then he pulled her to the work bench and he scrabbled to get
on top of it.  When Gary walked into the room, she was sitting with her head
held back by Ken's fist in her hair and her legs spread wide, a hand on each
ankle.
     
      	Gary had not really been in the mood for sex as he walked into the room. 
His run-in with more official harassment, combined with the very draining
weekend he'd just had, made sex something that was far from his thoughts... 

	...until he saw his slave spreading herself on her workbench, the need
in her eyes very plain.
     
      	"I was hoping to discuss business with her, but she seemed a little
distracted," said Ken.
     
      	Gary, to his absolute amazement, felt his body begin to respond and his
mood shift.  "She's been a bit insatiable since last night," he noted.
     
      	"Well, I'd like to have her undivided attention," said Ken twirling the
bar through her clit hood so that the roughened end rasped across Annette's
swelling organ.  She drew in a sharp breath.
     
      	"Hold on a second," Gary grunted and left the room for a second.  When
he returned, he had a whip with three braided strands at the end. 
     
      	Annette soon found herself on her hands and knees on the floor, with
Gary's cock in her mouth and Ken's buried in her dripping snatch.  The men
pounded away at her while Gary expertly snapped the whip around her underside to
cut at her breasts and belly.  Gary was able to hold out for a long time, and
Annette was dripping sweat, with welts covering her breasts and belly by the
time they finished with her.  She'd come about a half-dozen times herself while
they'd fucked her.  Ken and Gary had also switched places a few times, so she
found herself sucking her thick juices off each man's cock.  It was Ken who
finally came in her pussy, though, and when he finished, he had her lick his
member clean again.  That was when Gary discovered his slave could cum from a
good pussy-spanking while sucking another man's cock. 
     
      	When they finished, the sweating woman lay in a heap on the floor.  Gary
looked at her and smiled.
     
      	"I don't think that she's gonna be able to help you much any time soon."
     
      	Ken had to agree.
     
      	"Let's go grab some pizza -- there's a place right near here.  Maybe
some food will revive her," he grinned.  Then he bent down and grabbed Annette's
hair to get her attention.  "When you've recovered enough, make sure you crawl
into the other room and wait for us."

      	A short time later, they were all eating pizza and drinking soda. 
Annette found she was famished and, between the three of them, they put away two
pies.
     
      	"You ready to talk business, now?" asked Ken with a grin on his face.
     
      	"Yes, Master Ken," replied Annette, blushing.  Ken saw in her eyes that
Gary wasn't going to be working late tonight.  Annette's needs would make sure
of that.
     
      	They spent an hour discussing what Ken wanted, and he gave her the
down-payment, then left.  Once he was in the car, he dialed the phone.  "Lenny,"
he said.  "I've got another job for you.  Or, maybe David. I don't know which
one of you would handle it."
     
      	He was off the phone by the time he drove onto the mansion grounds. 
There were several ways he could handle this situation, but he didn't know what
the best choice was.  He was hoping that Lenny or David could dig something up. 
At dinner, Ken remembered that Jane was supposed to have seen Joan, and he asked
her about it.
     
      	"Yes, Sir, I stopped by.  When I left, she was wondering if this
Wednesday would a good day for her to come by for dinner."  Her expression told
Ken that something had gone on, but he declined to push further.
     
      	"Sure.  It'd be nice to have her again," he smiled.
     
      	Jane chuckled at the double entendre.
     
      	Later, in the study, Ken found Arianwen darkly muttering while at the
computer.
    
      	"Something wrong?" he inquired.
     
      	She snorted.  "Land of the free.  Right."
     
      	"Huh?" asked Ken.
     
      	Ari looked up with a frustrated expression.  "I was talking to Bill
about a website that I couldn't get to.  I knew that it existed, but it was
blocked or something.  So he did a little investigation and discovered that some
websites, especially those concerning certain bio-tech, are blocked from U.S.
servers.  He found a way around the blocks, of course, but I can't believe that
our government is pulling this shit."
     
      	Ken had never seen Arianwen so annoyed about anything.  He said nothing,
waiting for her to continue.
     
      	"I'm finding out that all sorts of scientific discoveries are being
ignored because they don't fit with the administrations view of How Things
Should Be.  Cloning, stem cell research -- hell, even safer and better
techniques dealing with abortion and pregnancy prevention.  It's outrageous!"
     
      	Ken wasn't surprised.  He might have been a year ago, but not now. 
Eric, once Bill had 'found' certain sites on the net, had been outraged to
discover that a number of engine prototypes for cars had been quietly killed. 
They weren't revolutionary, or complete breakthroughs or anything like that. 
But they could have led to gas-free cars in just a few years, rather than
waiting ten or twenty years.  Or never, considering the way things were going at
the moment. 
     
      	Ken had also found some rather disturbing information, dealing with the
so-called Homeland Security office.  Like many Americans, he'd been outraged by
9/11 and had wanted to strike back.  Problem was, it was obvious to anyone who
cared to look -- and think a little -- that the current administration was using
that horrific event to place more restrictions on the American public than ever
before.  Restrictions that couldn't stop the bad guys, or even slow them down.
     
      	He and Ari discussed the state of things for a while, then he went to
bed.  Ari was still in front of the computer screen when he left.  Ken's resolve
had only grown firmer during their conversation.  His reading and research over
these last weeks had led him to some very disturbing conclusions.  Long-range
plans were needed for him and his growing family to flourish -- plans that might
not even come to fruition in his lifetime.
     
     	It was Tuesday afternoon, and Ken was doing some research of his own
when Jane returned to the manor.   She had Joan with her, and Joan was very,
very excited.  As in dripping wet, "someone, anyone, please-fuck-me-now"
excited.   He decided to wait in the study until Jane came to get him.  He was
sure she would, and he was right.
     
      	Jane had taken the time to strip off her clothes before coming to him. 
She knelt in the center of the rug and waited until he said something.  Joan was
nowhere to be seen, but he knew she was out front of the house.
     
      	"Yes, Jane?" he asked.
     
      	"Master, Joan is here and would like to see you," she said.  Her voice
was husky with lust.
     
      	"Jane, dear, didn't I tell you to take it easy with her?"
     
      	"Yes, Master.  I did."
     
      	Ken wondered if he should have perhaps defined what 'taking it easy'
meant, because he suspected Jane's version of it was slightly different than his
own.
     
      	"Shall I take you to her?" asked the kneeling slave.
     
      	Ken rose and motioned Jane to precede him.  If nothing else, he enjoyed
the way her wide shoulders and narrow waist accentuated her smooth, firm ass. 
Walking out front in the heat, he saw Joan was standing there, waiting for him.
     
      	She was wearing several very tight leather straps, a rather large ball
gag, and a blindfold.
     
      	"This," he said, turning to Jane with a chuckle, "is taking it easy?"
     
      	He could tell as easily as Jane that the only distress Joan was
experiencing was a serious need to cum.
     
      	"I didn't whip her, Sir.  I didn't even use a crop or my hand."
     
      	"I see," said Ken as he stepped toward the trembling woman.  Her thick
brown bush was showing evidence of moisture, and her small nipples were nail
hard.  She was trying to breathe deeply, but the straps were too tight for that.
     
      	"Sir, I know that you gave her a book to read.  That was her excuse for
not calling you -- she spent a lot of time reading it.  She also spent a lot of
time reading this one," said Jane holding out a book;  _The_Story_of_O_
     
      	"Where," he asked, "did she get that?"
     
      	"In the mail, Sir."  said Jane. 

	Ken's eyes narrowed.  "And did you have anything to do with that?"
     
      	Jane's head dropped, and she looked at the ground.  "Yes, Sir.  I had it
overnighted to her from Amazon.  She finished that one, too."
     
      	Ken was only vaguely familiar with the book.  He knew in a general way
what it was about, but didn't have it memorized or anything.
     
      	"Is there anything else I should know?" he asked.
     
      	"She has tomorrow off," replied Jane.  "I think she needs a vacation."
     
      	Joan's legs were free, so Ken and Jane guided her to the study.  The
woman was a wreck when they got there, since she'd heard Sally and Eric's voice
as they walked through the house and knew they'd seen her like this.  Bill and
Ari were in the lab, and Genie was at work, so she was spared their attentions. 
Ken and Jane helped her to kneel on the rug, and Ken removed her gag.
     
      	"Joan, my slave tells me you wanted to come here.   Are you here of your
own free will?"
     
      	"Yes, Sir," replied the woman.  Something in her was yearning -- not to
be a slave, the way Ari and Jane were, but to give herself to him.  Them,
actually, and she thought this was the best way to do it.  Besides, it was a
serious turn-on.  Just knowing she was naked and could be fucked by anyone in
the house made her drip.
     
      	Ken, of course, could follow all her feelings and thoughts with no
trouble.  He let her fantasies guide him.
     
      	"Well, since you're here, don't plan on leaving tonight.  Maybe I'll let
you go tomorrow night -- if you please us.  That means, anyone who wants you
while you're here.  Do you understand?"
     
      	"Yes, Sir," she whispered.  Oh, to be wanted, included... to know it was
her they wanted.
     
      	"Take off her blindfold," said Ken.
     
      	Jane did that, then knelt, naked, in front to the woman.  Joan's vision
returned to see Jane's sapphire eyes looking deep into her own.  She was not
prepared to face what she saw in them -- there was no way it could be real.
     
      	"Master," said Jane, still looking into Joan's eyes, "may I kiss her?"
     
      	"If she wants you to," he replied.
     
      	The talk was for Joan's benefit -- they both knew what she wanted.
     
      	Still, Jane leaned forward just a bit, looking at Joan for permission.
     
      	"I want," Joan whispered, and immediately found herself in a deep kiss
with the other woman.  She moaned out loud.  Never had she kissed lips so soft,
so pleasing.  When they broke the kiss, Ken was there, his expression asking for
one as well.  Joan gladly gave him one, and shortly found herself on her back,
with Jane kissing her belly button and slowly working her way south.  Ken was
licking and sucking her breasts, but she couldn't do anything to respond -- she
was still tightly bound.
     
      	For a half hour, they worked her up and down the peaks of pleasure, but
never let her cum.  She was almost incoherent and could barely process Ken's
words when he asked her if she'd like an orgasm.
     
      	"Will you cum for us?" he asked gently.  "Jane wants to taste your cum,
and so do I."
     
      	"Yes, yes," said Joan, "anything, please I need to cum so bad."
     
      	Together they brought first one, then another orgasm from the woman. 
Two more followed, then another until she was utterly spent and barely
conscious.
     
      	Dinner time found her still naked, but then, so were the other women. 
Joan however, was wearing a waist belt that had locking wrist cuffs attached to
it.  Arianwen was feeding her.  Well, feeding her and playing with her.  Joan
was amazed by her own response.  She'd cum so hard earlier and had felt so
satisfied, but now this little slip of a teen was driving her nuts.  She could
smell her own arousal, as well as Arianwen's, and that was making her crazy as
well.  After dinner, Joan was led outside.  It was still hot out, and she eyed
the pool longingly.  She'd have thought that all the activity would have already
tired her out, but she felt alert and ready for anything.
     
      	"Anything" turned out to be her kneeling between Arianwen's knees with
the beautiful teen looking down at her.  Ari leaned forward and kissed her,
lightly running her tongue over Joan's lips. 
     
      	"I'd love to feel those lips somewhere else," said Ari in an enticing
voice.
     
      	Joan colored, and replied, "I'm told that anyone can use me while I'm
here, so I'll do what you want.  I'm not very experienced with a woman, though,
so I don't know how good I'll be."
     
      	Just admitting to a teenager, and a girl at that, that she could be used
by anyone in the house made Joan's pussy clench.  She wished that Ken, or Eric
or Bill, would take her and fuck her.  How could she be so randy? she wondered.
     
      	Ari laid back and spread her thighs, opening her wet pussy for Joan to
lick.  Joan leaned forward.  She wasn't repulsed by the sight -- far from it --
but she was unsure about what to do.  She'd been tasting herself and liked it,
though, and Ari smelled so very sexy.  The next thing she knew, she was scooping
up Ari's milky juices on her tongue and swallowing.  The salty/sweet taste of
the girl made her groan, and she sucked one delicate inner lip into her mouth.
     
      	Ari let her explore, then unlocked the cuffs from the belt so Joan could
use her hands.  She did, pushing Ari's thighs open even wider, then sliding a
finger into the teen's wet depths.  It didn't take her too long do make Ari
orgasm hard and, when she looked up, her mouth wet with Ari's cum, the younger
girl leaned down and licked her face.  Joan's hand found a nipple ring and
gently tugged, drawing a throaty groan from Arianwen.  At first, she thought she
was hurting the girl because she stiffened so quickly.
     
      	"I'm sorry," said Joan, feeling clumsy.
     
      	"Goddess, don't apologize!  Pull harder -- that's what they're there
for!"
     
      	Joan discovered that Ari could actually orgasm from having those rings
pulled and twisted.  She couldn't believe how far those dusky red nubs could be
stretched while the other woman writhed and came.  Finally, Ari lay back, sweat
soaking her body, and panted.
     
      	"Goddess, that was great!" said Ari.  "Thank you."
     
      	Joan was in serious need herself.  Again.  She didn't understand it. 
She couldn't remember ever being this horny before.
     
      	"Very nice," came a deep voice. 
     
      	Joan spun and found herself having to lean back to see the man's face. 
It was Eric.  Huge, muscular, blond, gorgeous and oh my god look at that cock!
     
      	He pulled her to her feet and kissed her.
     
      	"You taste like the Minx," said Eric with a smile.  "She wasn't too hard
on you, was she?"
     
      	Joan was unsure of what to say.  Eric was married, his wife and baby in
the house.  His interest in Joan, however, was quite evident, and she began to
fall into those ice-blue eyes.
     
      	"N..no, Master," she stammered.
     
      	Eric smiled and said, "You don't have to call me 'Master'."
     
      	"He likes it when you do, though," said another voice.  Oh god, it was
his wife!  Joan's body vibrated like a taut string, lust riding her nerves,
coating her senses.
     
      	"Mrs. Solberg..." she began, only to be cut off with a kiss from Sally.
     
      	"No need to be so formal," said Sally.  She had a point, thought Joan. 
Sally was kissing her and stroking her husband's cock at the same time.  Joan
found herself in another threesome.  Ken smiled from where he was watching in
the study.  He could tell she was having the time of her life.
     
      	Joan was barely conscious when they brought her to the bedroom.  She
spent the night sleeping peacefully with Ari, Jane and Ken.
     
      End Chapter 43




Avatar

Chapter 44

      	They kept Joan until Wednesday evening and the woman had the time of her
life.  It wasn't constant sex, but there was constant companionship and a level
of acceptance she'd never felt before.  Wednesday afternoon, she found herself
alone for a short time in the master bath.  She stood looking at the mirror,
wondering what all these people saw in her.
     
      	She could admit she wasn't bad-looking ... for forty-two.  But the women
here were just unbelievably beautiful.  Why were the men and (she blushed) the
women here interested in her?  Sure, she was an amazing business woman, but they
could have easily paid her for those services and never had anything to do with
her beyond that.  But everyone seemed to genuinely like her -- and more, to find
her desirable.
     
      	Her breasts, never very large, were sagging slightly, less full than
they'd been in her youth.  She had a bit of extra weight around the middle, even
if not very much, since she spent a lot of time in the gym.  But some.  She
turned to the side to examine the profile of her naked body.  Her ass was pretty
good, but she looked ... soft.  There was no way to hide her age, nor did she
*want* to feel like she had to.  As she thought about it, she realized that no
one here actually had made her feel like she had to, but she still compared
herself to the other women.  She just couldn't figure out why they wanted her.
     
      	"That is because you are looking in the wrong place for your answer,"
came a voice.
     
      	Joan spun and was faced with the most beautiful woman she'd ever seen. 
Anywhere.  She literally couldn't talk; hell, she couldn't even breath.  Sweat
beaded on her skin, and her legs felt weak.  Her nipples hardened into points,
and her sex, now neatly trimmed with shaved lips, grew damp.
     
      	"Look again," said the soft voice, as the woman indicated the mirror.
     
      	Joan did not recognize the person in the reflection, not at first.  The
body was the same as hers, but the woman herself was different.  Strong,
confident, intelligent -- all attributes she knew she had, but now displayed in
a way she'd never experienced.  This woman, she knew, was desirable. Having this
woman submit to your sexual desires, share her desires with you, would be a
privilege.  The strong vision faded until she was left with the reflection she
was used to.  Almost.  There was something lingering there, a glimpse of herself
that she'd never seen before.  Her focus shifted, but the beautiful red head was
nowhere to be seen.
     
      	Ari poked her head into the room and said, "Hey, you coming down? 
Dinner's ready"
     
      	Joan smiled at the minx, as she'd come to think of her, and nodded.  She
was as naked as the teen, had been since yesterday, and realized that this was
possibly the longest time she'd ever spent naked.  It felt good.
     
      	She smiled to herself thinking about all that had happened in just a day
or so.  She'd spent most of her time with Ari, Ken and Jane, but Sally and Eric
and been with her, as well.  They talked, they ate, had sex, swam, read, it was
amazing.  What was more amazing was how she reacted to all of them.  It wasn't
the same way she reacted to Genie and Bill.  Bill had had her this morning, at
Ken's behest, and she'd enjoyed it.  But he was different than the others.  And
Sally had been very welcoming.  Very open and sexy.  Joan blushed, thinking
about how she'd been surprised to get a mouthful of milk when she'd sucked on
Sally's nipple.  She should have known, of course, but it wasn't something she'd
thought of. 

Well, sucking anything on a woman wasn't something she'd usually thought about. 
Joan forgot about the woman who'd been in the bathroom with her until it was
time for bed, and she was standing in front of the same mirror. 

She turned to Ken. "Did you have another friend here today?  A redheaded woman?"
     
      	"No," replied Ken.
     
      	Joan got a confused look on her face. "But I saw her in the bathroom. 
She was beautiful. I mean really, really beautiful, like no one I've ever seen."
     
      	"What were you doing when you saw her?" asked Ken, knowing full well
what had happened.
     
      	"Looking in the mirror," said Joan, blushing a bit.
     
      	"Well, there's your answer," replied Ken.
     
      	"What?"
     
      	"The beautiful woman.  Must have been you," he smiled.
     
      	"Master, you're such a flatterer," said Jane, guiding Joan to the bed.
     
      	"That's not what I meant," began the woman as Jane lay her down.  "I
don't even have red hair, ohhhh..."
     
      	Jane's tongue made her completely lose her train of thought.  Ken's cock
sliding into her asshole completed the derailment and Joan was unable to think
clearly for a long time.
     
      	Thursday, Ken discovered what happens when you take five people who
worship a sex goddess to the beach.  It wasn't that it was a disaster, but it
certainly was an interesting experience.
     
      	They all piled into the mini-van, it being the largest vehicle that
would hold all of them, and headed out.  Ken was a bit unsure about taking
Arianwen and Jane to the beach.  His trepidation only increased when he saw what
they planned to wear.  Even the short glimpse he had of it before they put on
their wraps excited him.  Goddess knew what it would do to the unsuspecting
public.
     
      	They decided to go to Venice beach, since the girls wanted to walk along
the boardwalk and look at all the shops and street performers.  Ken was fine
with that and was fully prepared not to go into the water at all.  He liked the
beach, but the Pacific was nothing if not freezing -- especially in June.
     
      	They started the day out on the beach, laying down on towels in the sand
and enjoying the sun.  Ken noticed, after about a half an hour, there was a
circle of blankets around them.  There was plenty of room on the rest of the
beach, and it was pretty early on a weekday, but people seemed to like being
near the spot the Circle had picked.  Well, if nothing else, the ladies of the
Circle were well worth looking at.
     
      	Sally's bikini covered more skin than Jane or Ari's.  Even though the
suit was something that only a Victoria's Secret model could normally pull off,
Sally did it with ease.  It was a deep blue and outlined her beautiful body
perfectly.  Her breasts, still heavy with milk, contrasted nicely with her
otherwise lean body.  She generated a fair amount of attention, but no one was
willing to brave the Nordic god at her side to get too close.  Eric, blonde
haired, tanned and now even bigger than he'd been before, garnered a lot of
female (and a few male) glances.
     
      	Ken was surprised that a fair number of female looks were directed his
way.  By this time, they were all quite proficient at reigning in the pheromones
they produced, but somehow they still seemed to exude sexual attraction.  He'd
never thought of himself as particularly attractive, but he had to admit he was
looking better than he ever had before.  Regular workouts with Eric and the
martial arts classes were honing his body quite nicely.  Women were noticing
that.  He could see a number of men wondering which of the other two women was
his girlfriend; if they could figure that out, they could go for the unattached
one.  He didn't think they'd believe that two of the three were his wives.
     
      	Still, it was Arianwen and Jane that drew the most eyes.  Jane was
wearing a black thong with a top that barely covered her large breasts.  There
was no doubt that she was totally shaved, since the strip covering her pussy was
tissue-paper thin and every line of her sex could be seen, including the bump of
her clit ring.  The only time most people saw someone wearing a thong that small
was in a porno movie or a model shoot, so her beautiful body, lean and smoothly
muscled, definitely drew some stares.
     
      	Ari was wearing a tiny, pale-green thong.  Her top barely covered her
nipples, and it was patently clear she, too, was pierced.  The thong was so
small, she'd had to completely shave the rest of her pubic hair, and her pale
skin shone in the sun.  The exhibitionist in her was really getting off on this. 
Ari was the first to brave the ocean and Ken discovered that when she came out
of the water, the suit had become completely translucent.
     
      	"Ari," he said, admiring her shining, lithe form as she prepared to lay
down on her blanket, "were you aware that that suit is almost completely
see-through when it gets wet?"
     
      	She looked at him and blinked.  "Really Master?"  Blink, blink.
     
      	Ken sighed and shook his head.  Not long afterward, since Ari had
successfully dared the waves without seeming too cold, he walked to the edge of
the water to try it for himself.  It was cool, but to his surprise it wasn't
freezing.  Enjoying the scents and sounds of the ocean, he stood there a moment
to let the waves wash over his knees.
     
      	He moved a little further out into the water and actually started
swimming around, his first time in the Pacific without a wet suit.  While
playing in the swells, he admired a young teen who was body surfing.  She was an
elfin little blond, enjoying a day of sun and water.  Her slight curves were
hidden by the top of her wet suit, but he got flashes of a fantastic, compact
little ass as she rode the waves.  She was chilled as the water was quite cold
today (what? cold? it was the warmest *he'd* ever felt it), but her body warmed
as she became aware of his attention.  Ken decided it was time to go back on the
beach beforeLinda, the little blonde, drowned because he couldn't keep from
dipping into her thoughts. 

	He'd started wading in when he heard a shriek behind him.  He turned
just in time to see Linda being swept toward him by a large wave, apparently out
of control and almost on top of him.  He caught her body as she slammed into him
and rolled with the force.
     
      	She hadn't planned on hitting him quite that hard, but then, she'd had
no idea he'd still be standing when the wave hit him.  They came up exactly as
she wanted them to: with his arms around her.
     
      	"Oh my God! I'm sorry, mister!" she said.  Her eyes were a light blue
and her skin clear, with a sprinkling of freckles on it.
     
      	Ken read that she wasn't the least bit sorry; this had turned out even
better than she'd expected.  "No problem," he replied, smiling.  It felt odd to
know his smile made her wet, and not with sea water.  "I'm sure that there are
far worse things that could have been hiding in a wave than a beautiful young
woman."
     
      	Linda blushed.  At fourteen, she was not used to thinking of herself as
a woman. 

	Ken let her go, and she stood there panting as he walked back to the
beach.  Linda was ready, very ready for sex -- at least physically.  But he
sensed that emotionally, she'd end up overly attached to whoever took her
virginity, and that might be a bad thing if she weren't careful.
  
      	If there was going to be a problem today with someone laying their hands
on a Priestess, Ken figured it would be Ari or Jane that caused it.  It wasn't. 
It was Sally, the Priestess least likely to flirt.  She'd decided to walk up to
grab some drinks for them when Ken felt a bolt of panic come from her.  Eric put
the baby in Jane's hands and was gone in a flash.  Ken still got to the small
store first.
     
      	"Hey mamma, you lookin' real good, ya know?" said one of the greasy
teens who had her cornered. 
     
      	A quick scan showed that these guys weren't real trouble, at least not
to a woman, but they did get off on harassing them.  They liked to pick fights
with guys, though, as long as the odds were good.
     
      	"Thanks.  Now, if you don't mind, I'd like to go back to my husband and
baby," said Sally in a cold tone.
     
      	Normally, these guys would have just left her alone after seeing she
didn't like them, perhaps just making a few cat calls and maybe copping a feel. 
But her fear had made her control slip, and now Sally's pheromones were filling
the air.  They were now very horny and they wanted her bad.  Ken and Eric sensed
that, this time, the group would go too far and pull Sally out back for a little
fun.  It wasn't *completely* their fault. Only mostly.

	Which was why Eric decided to let them live.
     
      	"Hey, Sally," he said walking up. "Can I give you a hand with the
drinks?"
     
      	Ken was happy that Eric didn't try to address the four guys cornering
his wife.   He didn't want a confrontation.
     
      	Sally's voice was a little shaky when she answered, "Thanks, honey,
that'd be great."
     
      	"'Scuse me, guys," Eric smiled as he pushed forward.
     
      	Normally, that would have been that.  Eric was just too big to fuck
with, at least without more of their pals to help out.  But they were horny, and
now frustrated, and they wanted THIS woman.
     
      	"Hey, hold on man.  What you think you doin'?"  said their spokesman.
     
      	Eric frowned, as if noticing the smaller guy for the first time.  "Oh,
just giving my wife a hand carrying back some drinks."
     
      	"Hey, that's a good idea," said the guy, his hormones overriding his
already not-so-good sense.  "Why doan you take the drinks, and she can come back
later."
     
      	That was enough for Eric, whose tone went flat.  "I don't think so."
     
      	"Hey, bro, I didn't ask you what you thought," said the mouth as he
moved closer to Eric.  His eyes flashed to his friend who was behind the big
man.  It was too late, though.  Ken had caught the thought and was already
moving before the knife ever came out.  Stupid guy number two was surprised when
a hand closed on his wrist before he could even get his knife clear of the
sheath.  His face went white as the bones in his wrist bent from the force.
     
      	"You don't want to do that," said Ken very softly.
     
      	Mouth thought it was a grand time to take a swing at Eric.  He actually
landed the punch, for all the good it did him.  Eric just looked at him,
completely un-phased by the strike. 

     	With far more patience than Ken would have granted, Eric said, "That was
your only chance.  Now, why don't you move along?"
     
      	Wondering what happened to his backup, and apparently somewhat cowed by
the fact that Eric hadn't even seemed to notice the punch, Mouth started backing
off. 

     	About that time, another guy was maneuvering behind Ken and decided to
hit him with a sap.  It was an easy target and he didn't understand how he
missed.  He was still wondering that as he tried to draw a breath while pain
blossomed through his diaphragm and he tried to hold on to his lunch.  He hadn't
even seen Ken move.  The guy with the knife was cradling his wrist and Mouth had
finally started to realize that this had been a bad idea.  A fourth guy had been
standing off to one side, and had seen it all, and wisely figured no piece of
ass was worth messing with these two.  It didn't hurt that Ken's presence had
dampened Sally's effect and the rest were starting to come to their senses. 
Hands raised in surrender, Bright Boy snagged his pals and led them in hasty
retreat.
     
      	Ken was annoyed as they walked back to the blanket.  Sally was shaking. 
As many times as she'd been off Nemetodunum's grounds lately, she still felt
nervous and unprotected when she was.  Ken's annoyance wasn't directed at her,
of course, but at himself.  He should have realized that something like this
would happen and planned better.  In the future, he thought as they sat down,
he'd have to teach Sally how to keep better control of herself.  They all needed
to make sure that they could control their abilities to avoid situations like
this.  And protect themselves for when they couldn't avoid a confrontation.
     
      	Sally was much better by the time they sat down, though she was
embarrassed that she'd caused a problem.
     
      	"Sally, they were cruisin'.  They're moron's who get off on harassing
people.  It normally wouldn't have gone very far.  However," he smiled gently,
"you forgot how attractive you can be to someone.  They kinda got too aroused to
think about the consequences.

	He reached over and gave her a reassuring hug, then smirked humorlessly
as a thought occurred to him. "Though, quite frankly, I don't know what would
happen to anyone who tried to rape you."
     
      	"What do you mean?" she asked.
     
      	"I just get the feeling that Lea wouldn't be very amused," was Ken's
response. 
     
      	Real rape was usually about violence and control and only partially
about sex.  This attack would have been about sex.  Were the women protected
somehow?  It was a troubling thought if they weren't.  If they ended up as
targets because of their intense sexual attraction, that would be horrible.  But
Jane and Ari were out and about all the time, and they had no problems.  He knew
from their comments that men came on to them a lot, but a polite 'no' had always
worked.

      	Speaking of Ari, he thought, where the hell was she? 

	As soon as he thought that, he knew.  She was with Linda.  A very
confused, very horny, Linda.
    
      	They were in a concealed area under a pier, and Ari had the girl's
bottoms pushed aside with her tongue working over the girl's sparsely-haired
cunt.  Linda smelled and tasted like the sea, and Ari was enjoying every second
as she drew a huge orgasm out of the girl.  How, Linda was wondering, wondered,
could another girl make her feel this way?  What about love?  Romance?  Her
thoughts fragmented from another orgasm that caused her to collapse to her
knees.  Ari drew away and kissed her.
    
      	"Linda hon, there's a difference between sex play and true love," she
said, obviously picking up on an earlier part of a conversation.  It was weird
-- it felt to Ken almost like he was there.  He could faintly smell Linda's
sweat and, of course, Ari's very familiar scent.  "See what I mean now?"
     
	"Sort of," said the panting girl.  She really wasn't thinking too
clearly.
     
      	"Don't think that breaking that little bit of skin between your legs
means real love, forever.  If that's what your virginity means to you, than by
all means, keep it until you find true love.  But just because you give it up to
some guy doesn't mean he's gonna see it the same way."  Ari leaned forward and
kissed the girl deeply, then left.
     
      	Linda was recovering now.  She had no idea what to make of the
experience she'd just had.  A complete stranger, a girl just a few years older
than her, had given her the best orgasm of her life.  She'd been sure that that
could only happen with her true love; that any man who could make her feel this
way *would* be her true love.  Ken's perspective shifted, and he saw that Linda
would have been very, very disappointed in Bob, a handsome senior she knew who
would have fucked her, then left her.  Her life wouldn't have been ruined, but
it would have been years before she had understood why he hadn't loved her.
     
      	Ken saw that she might or might not have sex with Bob, most likely not,
now.  But her perspective on sex and love had been radically changed by her
chance encounter with Arianwen.  Ken could feel Ari's body tingling with lust. 
The other teen was very pretty, but Ari had done all she was going to do with
her. 

Time and place refocused, and Ken was back with the rest of his Circle.

      	When Ari got back, they packed everything up and went for a walk.  There
were street performers, all kinds of shops for food and tourist junk, and, of
course, dozens of beautiful women.  Eventually, they passed the area that was an
outdoor gym.
     
      	Lots of very big guys, and quite a few big woman, were pumping iron in
the hot sun.  Of course, this drew Eric's attention, and he stopped to watch. 
He caught the eye of a well-muscled, dark-skinned woman who smiled at him.
     
      	"Hey big guy, you're on the wrong side of the fence," she smiled,
admiring his shirtless form. 
     
      	Ken admired her body.  She was clearly of Mexican descent and was well
cut.  Her skin gleamed darkly with sunscreen and sweat.  She flipped her
shoulder length, dark hair as she spoke to Eric.
     
      	"Naa," he replied with a smile. "It's too hot for me to be liftin'."
     
      	"Hey Wanda, don't bother the guy," said another woman.  She was also
dark-skinned, but in her case it was because of a tan.  She was as tall as Jane,
but even more heavily muscled than her partner.  It was obvious to Ken that she
and Wanda were lovers.  "Sheesh, he's got a wife and kids with him," she smiled,
shaking her head.
     
      	"Hey, I don't know they're his," replied Wanda.  "For all I know they
belong to the scrawny one." she said indicating Ken.
     
      	Ken chuckled from the comment.  He saw that this was a game for these
two.  They were lovers, but did manage to entice the occasional guy or gal to
spend time with them.  But not just anyone would do -- they had to be very
strong. 
     
      	"Yo, what you laughin' at," asked the big woman.  She was still smiling,
but he could see it was a challenging smile.
     
      	"Now look who's buggin' people," said Wanda to the blonde woman. 
"They're not gonna wanna talk to us, they already got three women with 'em. 
Well two and that little one.  Come on and leave 'em alone.  I need a spotter,"
said Wanda, starting to turn back toward the weights.
     
      	"What?" said Ari in mock-distress, "I don't count as a woman?"
     
      	The blonde walked over to the fence and looked through it.  She towered
over Arianwen.  "Honey, maybe in a few years you'll be old enough to be a
woman."  She paused.  "Not that you're not delectable now."  This last was said
to shock, but of course, that didn't work.
     
      	Ari grinned, and Ken knew trouble was coming.  "Ari," he said in a
warning tone.
     
      	"Sounds like Daddy's callin'." Then she said in a loud stage whisper,
"If you can slip away later, come on back."
     
      	"Hey, I'll bet I can out lift you," said Ari.
     
      	Ken put his head in his hands.  She might be right, but Ken didn't think
it would be a good idea for her to actually prove it.  Besides, he had doubts
that Ari *could* out lift the woman.  They were all quite strong, and getting
stronger, but Wanda and her friend were big girls, and Ari didn't weight-train.

	Wanda let out a bark of laughter.  "Honey, your Daddy couldn't out lift
Susan."
     
      	Ken was ready to walk away at this point.  They'd all had their fun. 
The lifters had determined that neither of the men, or women, would rise to
their challenge, and so they'd look for someone else to entertain them this
afternoon. 

	Eric had other ideas.
     
      	"I bet he can," he said.
     
      	"Eric," said Ken, his tone warning the big man not to continue. 

	He was in the minority.  Their High Priest had been challenged and they
wanted to show he was up to it.
     
      	"What you got to bet, hot stuff?" asked Wanda's partner.  "I don't think
your wife's gonna like the terms of payment when you lose."
     
      	Sally, too, rose to the bait, obviously over the earlier incident.  With
a big grin, she looked at Wanda and said, "Make your terms, Wanda.  We'll pay
up."  Had his Circle gone nuts?
     
      	"Hey guys, this is not a good idea," said Ken. 

	He was soundly ignored as the three slaves, who were not about to see
their Masters insulted, bargained with the lifters.
     
      	"If he out lifts you," said Jane, "you two are ours for an hour.  If he
fails, then you get to choose any or all of us for the same amount of time."
     
      	The women were surprised.  It had been clear what they were trolling
for, but they'd rarely had it set up as this sort of challenge.
     
      	"Even her?" asked Wanda pointing to Arianwen. 
     
      	Ari leaned into the fence and purred, "For one hour, I'll do whatever
you tell me."  She licked her lips and Wanda felt lust slam into her gut like a
fifty-pound weight.  "Anything," finished Ari with emphasis.
     
      	"That's twice, Ari," said Ken. 
     
      	Arianwen looked at him in confusion. 
     
      	"We'll talk about it later," said Ken.  "Let's get this over with."
     
      	Wanda met him at the entrance and got him and Eric inside.  Apparently,
the guy knew the game Wanda and Susan played and he let Ken and Eric in with no
trouble.  He looked at Eric and said, "Gee, I'd like to get in on this bet."
     
      	"Gerry," said Susan, "back down, boy.  I doubt he swings that way." 
     
      	Gerry looked hopeful, but Eric just shook his head.
     
      	"What's your max?" he asked Eric while they walked back to the bench
where the women were setting up for the bet.  Eric told him, and he blinked,
sure the man was lying.
     
      	"Here's the way it works," said Susan with an evil grin.  "You gotta
beat what I lift."  She indicated the bench to Ken and said, "You'll use that."
     
      	Ken nodded.  He knew she had something up her sleeve.  She didn't know
if Ken wanted to have sex with her, but she knew she wanted Eric.  Still, she
had every intention of winning, so that she'd be able to have the choice.  If
they really weren't into it after she won, she'd let them walk.
     
      	She started piling weight onto the squat bar, and Eric realized what was
going on.
     
      	"Hey," he said, "That's not fair.  You can't squat while he benches!"
     
      	"He agreed," said Wanda smiling.  "You wanna back out?  All you lose now
is some pride."
     
      	Ken shook his head no, and Susan prepared her squat.  There was a lot of
weight on the bar: four hundred and five pounds.  Not a world record, but a hell
of a lot of weight.  Even so, he knew that she thought Eric would be able to
bench it, but not him.  She did her squat, her form perfect, and carefully
maneuvered the bar on back onto the rack.
     
      	Susan turned toward him with a big smile, and they loaded the other bar. 
"You want me to spot you?" she asked sweetly.  "Looks like you're gonna need
it."
     
      	"Nope," replied Ken.  "But thanks, anyway."
     
      	"Hey," said Gerry, "No spotter, no lift."
     
      	Ken shrugged and looked at Susan, who positioned herself at the head of
the bench.  Now he saw why she offered to spot.  Her baggy shorts gave a clear
view of her hairy pussy.  He could smell her easily and knew she was getting
aroused by the thought of watching Ari with Wendy while having Eric fuck her. 
Ken also knew that she'd stacked the odds, so as he reached for the bar, he
casually said, "Eric, could you please add another ten?  After all, the bet was
to be able to lift more, not the same."
     
      	"Damn, you don't miss a trick do you?" said Wanda.
     
      	"On each side?" asked Eric.
     
      	"Sure, why not," replied Ken.
     
      	Then he pulled the bar off the rests and slowly benched the weight. 
Five reps.
     
      	When he sat up, he looked at Susan's stunned face.  Ken opened his
wallet and took out a card with his cell number on it.  "Give us a call when
you're ready to pay up."
     
    	The women didn't realize, until the Circle had left, that they'd been
given an out.  He'd asked them to call him, rather than taking their number. 
Clearly, Ken wasn't expecting them to call.  Susan looked at Wanda and knew that
he was wrong.     

    	The small group had dinner at a cozy restaurant with a great view of the
ocean.  The unpleasant incident completely forgotten as they laughed and joked
about the bet they'd made with Wanda and Susan.  Finally, relaxed and happy,
they headed home.
   
    	Ken slept in the next day, as Ari, Sally and he had made love until very
late.  He grabbed a piece of fruit, then headed to his personal dojo.  Only
minutes after he started to stretch, Arianwen and Jane slid inside and started
to warm up as well.  He started on the basic punches and kicks, and they
mirrored his every move.  Same with the katas, stopping only when he moved on to
the very advanced ones that he hadn't even done in class yet.
   
    	They were all in the shower afterwards, when he said, "If you guys are
going to learn this stuff for protection, we need to talk.  If you're doing it
for exercise, then feel free to continue."
   
    	The ladies looked at each other and said, "Protection."
   
    	Ken sighed.  "Look, you really should be training with a black-belt who
knows what he's doing.  Just following the motions won't teach you how to
actually use it, if you need it."
   
    	The look they gave him told him everything.  "Fine," he said.  "But
unless you're willing to start sparring and running the techniques against me
and yourselves, you can't train anymore."
   
    	"Yes, Master," said Jane.  "I'll get us some gear."
   
    	He shook his head.  "Only hand protection and a mouth guard.  You won't
have a head guard or chest guard on the street."
   
    	They nodded in agreement.
   
    	Later that afternoon, Ken was surfing the web out by the pool when his
cell phone rang.  He knew before picking it up it was Arianwen and that she was
very upset.
   
    	"Ari?"
   
    	"Ken," she said, her voice shaking.  She was angry, no doubt about it. 
Afraid, too.  "I have a really big problem."
   
    	"What's wrong?" he said, sitting up.
   
    	"It's Tina, Sir.  Mom threw her out."
   
    End Chapter 44




Avatar

Chapter 45

      	Ken pulled into the parking lot of the Starbucks and sighed.  This could
end up being a very sticky situation because, if he remembered correctly, Tina
was only fifteen -- and a just-turned fifteen, at that.  They were still
establishing themselves at the mansion, and he wasn't prepared to change the
lifestyle they were developing to accommodate a young girl.
     
      	"You ready for this?" he asked Jane.
     
      	"Yes, Master," she replied.  "If she's anything like Ari, this won't be
a problem."
     
      	"She just turned fifteen, Jane.  How many fifteen-year-old girls do you
think would be comfortable with naked slave girls wandering around a mansion? 
Never mind the play parties."  He stopped and said, "Still, there's no way she
gets left out in the cold, so we'll think of something.  It's bad enough her
mother dumped her. What the hell is wrong with that woman?"
     
      	They entered the coffee house and walked to where Ari and her sister
were sitting at an out of the way table.  Well, he thought, might as well get
this over with.  If the girl was going to fit in at the mansion, he doubted that
Ari would have sounded so upset on the phone.  Pissed off, yes; anxious, yes;
outright upset, no.
     
      	They introduced themselves as they sat down. 
     
      	"Hi, Tina," said Ken, "I'm Ken."
     
      	"Hi, Ken," returned the girl holding out her hand.
     
      	Until that point, Ken had been holding back from scanning her.  After
all, if Ari thought she wasn't compatible, then he doubted he'd have a different
opinion.  Nonetheless, he took her hand and pushed, just a bit.
     
      	It was like pushing against something that grabbed you and pulled you
in.  Saying Tina was compatible with them was like saying Arianwen thought sex
was just okay.  It was a vast understatement.  His mind swirled with the girl's
conflicting emotions, desires and wants.
     
      	Tina was just as sexually motivated as her sister.  On the other hand,
Tina was an inexperienced virgin -- so long as you didn't count fingers as
experience.  If you did, the fact that she masturbated at least twice a day
would make her quite experienced -- especially since she'd been doing it since
she was eleven.
     
      	She was turned on by men and women alike, and extremely submissive; but
Ken felt that odd push that said she was also very dominant.   He wasn't sure
how that worked until Jane took her hand and her whole demeanor changed -- as
did Jane's.  She recognized a natural Mistress and Tina, although she didn't
quite understand what it was, recognized Jane as very submissive.  Ken smiled to
himself as he scanned some of the girl's fantasies, and there were many.  She
had the potential to be very, very kinky.  How could Arianwen not think she
would fit in?
     
      	Time returned to its normal speed, and Tina, her eyes glazed, looked at
Ari.  Ari, her eyes panicked, looked at Ken.
     
      	"So," he started, "what's the problem."
     
      	"My asshole mother threw me out," started Tina, then she cupped her hand
over her mouth.  "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that."
     
      	"It's all right, Tina," said Ari. "I can't believe she did this to you,
too.  But you still haven't told me why she did it."
     
      	It was like a switch had been flipped in Tina when Jane and Ken arrived. 
The girl had been stressed out and pissed off, but now she was suddenly just
blazingly horny.  Her nipples, about the same size as her sister's but perched
on much larger breasts, were hard as rocks, and her cunt was a swamp.  She was
surprised that they couldn't smell her excitement.
     
      	In point of fact, they could.  Jane was trying to keep from dragging the
girl off to the bathroom, and Ken had shifted his large erection to hide it. 
Tina was too agitated to notice anything but herself, so they were safe.  Ari,
though ... Ken never thought he'd seen her so conflicted.  She wanted Tina
badly, but Tina was her sister and that was incest and "just not done".
     
      	Tina was certainly well worth wanting.  She was taller than Arianwen,
close to five-foot-three, and her hair was a lighter shade of red, almost gold. 
Her skin was just as pale as Ari's, but her eyes were a lighter green.   Her
frame was still small, but Ken guessed her breasts to be a large B cup.  She
exuded sex appeal, like her sister, but unlike Ari it wasn't under control.  How
she'd remained a virgin this long was beyond him.
     
      	"She caught me jilling off," said the girl in a defiant voice.
     
      	Ari sat back with a shocked look on her face.
     
      	"What?"
     
      	Ari was stunned by Tina's comment.  Tina was usually not like this; she
was usually quite conservative -- as least that's what Ari remembered.  But the
combination of Ken, Jane and her sister had pushed Tina's sex drive into a gear
she hadn't known existed.  If Ken wanted her virginity, right here on the table,
she'd be more than happy to give it to him.  She wondered if Jane would object
to having her face pulled into her cunt.  The picture of the larger woman on her
knees between her lean, widely-spread thighs almost made Tina cum. 
     
      	It almost made Jane cum too, and Ari was looking paler by the minute as
her sister's lustful thoughts flooded into her mind.  With great control, Ken
felt Ari clamp her mind closed.  Amusingly, she equated it to closing her legs
to keep someone out of her pussy.
     
      	"You know?  Jilling off?  Masturbating?  Playing with..."
     
      	"I *get* it Tina," said Ari in a sharp voice.  And boy did she ever. 
Ari was having a very hard time keeping control of herself, but Tina mistook
that for anger.
     
      	"Oh, like you've never done it?" said Tina in an angry voice.  "I bet
you're not even a vir..."
     
      	"Tina," interrupted Ken in a sharp voice.  "Your sister is upset, but
not at you.  We only want to help."
     
      	Tina, only now becoming aware of what she'd been saying and how she'd
been acting, grew very, very embarrassed.
     
      	"God," she said putting her head in her hands, "I can't believe I said
that.  I'm really sorry, Ally."
     
      	Ken, Ari and Jane all looked at each other.
     
      	"There's a lot to discuss," said Ken, "and I don't think this is the
place to do it."  He didn't want to bring Tina to the mansion just yet, but
talking here was out of the question.
     
      	"Let's go back to the house," said Ken.  "Tina, you'll ride with me and
Jane, you can go with ... Ally."
     
      	They got up and went to their respective cars.  Tina's eyes widened as
she saw his nice BMW, then got even bigger as Ari got into her Mini.
     
      	"Is that hers?" asked Tina.
     
      	Ken nodded.

	Tina looked stunned. "Where'd she get it?"
     
      	"It's a long story Tina and it's going to have to wait until we get to
the house."  His tone was firm and Tina immediately fell silent.  She now felt
almost as submissive to him as Jane did.  Her switching back and forth between
sub and dom was a bit unsettling.
     
      	It took only about 20 minutes to get to Ken's old house.  The entire
time, Tina's emotions flip-flopped between being more horny then she ever had in
her entire life and being apprehensive about what was going to happen to her. 
She had no money, no clothes, nothing -- just what she was wearing.  At this
point, she considered herself lucky that her mother had let her finish dressing
before slamming the door in her face.
     
      	Since they'd moved out, Ken had made some improvements to his old house. 
He was planning on selling it soon and there'd always been a few things about it
that bugged him, so he'd had them fixed.  Joan didn't handle properties this
small, but she knew someone who did and it would soon be listed.  Ken was
planning on buying something else in the city for ... other purposes.
     
      	They pulled into the driveway with Ari not far behind, and went into the
house.  It was hot, since the air was on low, so Ken dropped the temperature on
the thermostat.  Before Ari could get herself settled, Ken asked her to go to
the deli and get some drinks and food.  She nodded and left.
     
      	"Now," said Ken as they sat down in the small kitchen, "I'd say we have
a problem."
     
      	Tina nodded, but was having trouble focusing, despite the fact that he
and Jane were really throttling back.  She found them both very, very
attractive.  Not only that, but she was using her arousal to combat her
nervousness and fear.
     
      	"No matter what happens, or what you decide, you will not be left on
your own," stated Ken.  "Unless, of course, that's what you want."
     
      	Tina shook her head; she most definitely didn't want that.  Ken smiled
at her and her pussy got wetter.  She was starting to wonder at her reaction to
these two.  Tina was used to her attraction to her sister -- she'd dealt with it
for two years now.  She was used to the hormones zipping through her body that
caused her thoughts to revolve around sex, one of her few passions besides
reading and physics.  But aside from fantasies, she never felt this kind of gut
reaction to anyone.  And her sister... that was something she'd been completely
unprepared for.  She'd been attracted to Ally for a while now, but now she was
so incredibly hot, that it felt almost overwhelming. 
     
      	"I'd be grateful for whatever help you could give me," said Tina, trying
to get herself under control.  She wasn't very successful.  "I'd do whatever you
wanted in return."  Her mouth snapped closed and she blushed a fiery red.  What
the hell was she thinking!
     
      	Ken and Jane noticed the comment, but figured it would only embarrass
the girl more if they acknowledged the slip.
     
      	Ken sighed and said, "Part of the problem is that I have no legal
jurisdiction over you.  If your mom calls the police, I'd have to return you."
     
      	"But she threw me out!"  exclaimed Tina.
     
      	"Doesn't matter.  The laws in this country aren't necessarily based on
what's right -- just what's considered 'moral'.  And you're a minor."  He sighed
again, "Maybe we could give Ari custody of you, since she's your sister and a
legal adult..."
     
      	"Huh?  Who's Ari?"  asked Tina in a confused voice.
     
      	Oops, thought Ken.
     
      	"Before we go into that," he said, "Why don't you tell me about your
home life.  Maybe there's something we can use to help us get you legally out of
her care."
     
      	The discussion continued until Ari returned, but nothing helpful was
uncovered.  Unfortunately, it was legal to coerce your child to follow a
specific religious doctrine, even against their will.  Unless it involved
something the government didn't approve of, of course.  Ken found it interesting
that his own religion would be illegal if anyone ever found out about it, yet
there was no coercion involved.  People were attracted to this lifestyle or they
weren't, at least so far as he'd seen.  He knew he'd pulled in a number of
people, but they'd all found something that they wanted.  He'd been exposed to
other women he'd found attractive, but they'd been uninterested in this kind of
lifestyle, so they'd shown no attraction to him at all.
     
      	For instance, there was another girl at the bike store who was just as
hot as Sandy.  He was attracted to her and had viewed her fantasies a number of
times.  He'd even starred in one or two because she thought he was cute.  But
she wasn't drawn to him any more than she was to a half dozen other guys she
thought were hot.  And her idea of "kink" was someone eating her pussy -- not
that there wasn't potential for her to develop an interest in other things. 
They just hadn't clicked in a way that let him know she should be introduced to
the Circle.
     
      	Ari quietly put the snacks and drinks out for them.  The short time away
from her sister had allowed her to get herself under control, although that
control became pretty strained as soon as she felt Tina's state of mind.
     
      	"Thanks, Ari," said Jane, smiling at her wife as she sat down to join
them.
     
      	Ken looked at the women and decided that he could avoid an explanation
no longer.
     
      	"Now that Arianwen is back, I guess we should let you know what's going
on," he started.
     
      	Tina looked at her sister and mouthed 'Arianwen?'  Ari blushed and
looked at the floor.  Under other circumstances, Ken would have found the sight
of Ari being completely unnerved by someone amusing, but right at this moment,
he needed Ari to get it together.  She knew her sister and he didn't.
     
      	"It's like this," he began.
     
      	The explanation went on for a while.  It included a lot, but completely
excluded most religious overtones.  Certainly, this was not the time to mention
to Tina that she was in the presence of the Avatar and two High Priestess of a
sex Goddess, especially when one of those Priestess was her sister.  The fact
that they were Pagans was mentioned.  Tina knew what a Pagan was from friends at
school, but Ken gave a pretty thorough outline of their lifestyle.  He didn't
mention where they lived, though, just that it was somewhere other than here.
     
      	"Wait," said Tina when he paused, "you mean to tell me you're a bunch of
nudists?"
     
      	"Sort of.  Clothing is optional."  Ken had been very careful not to
mention the evident Master/slave relationships, only that casual sex was
something she'd likely see quite a bit of.  "If you're uncomfortable with any of
this, it's not a problem.  We'll set you up here for the time being and someone
will stay with you.  I want to stress that this is not an issue.  We're not
going to leave you to fend for yourself."
     
      	"How would that affect me?" asked Tina.  She'd been fascinated listening
to his explanation of what life at the mansion was like.  She was more horny
then she'd ever been in her life and was wondering if she could excuse herself
to get some relief in the bathroom.
     
      	"How would what affect you?  The sex or the nudity?"
     
      	"Both." said Tina.
     
      	"Well, I'm not sure what you mean by affect," that was a lie; he knew
exactly what she was thinking, and so answered it, "but YOU can be clothed or
not, at your discretion.  However, you'd have to deal with other people being
naked.  Truth be told, it's mainly the women who wander around with no clothes. 
The guys are a bit moreconservative.
    
      	"As for the sex?  It's your body to share or not as you please. 
Likewise, you'd have to respect other people's feelings and not force yourself
on them, or make them feel uncomfortable with what they're doing."
     
      	That was it; Tina couldn't take any more.  "Can you excuse me please?  I
really need to use the bathroom."
     
      	Ari had managed to close herself off from her sister, but Ken and Jane
knew exactly what Tina was going to do.
     
      	"What am I going to do?" asked Ari in a harsh whisper as soon as Tina
left.  "I'm a Priestess, married to both a man and a woman, and a fucking *sex
slave*!  My sister will never understand!"
     
      	"Ari," said Jane, "have you scanned her?  At all?"
     
      	"NO!" she snapped; then, lowering her voice, said, "Jane, she's my baby
sister and I'm a complete pervert!  Besides, can you say 'incest'?"
     
      	"Are you ashamed of us or what we do?" asked Ken. 

	Right at that moment, there came a strong blast of lust from the
bathroom.  Tina had just come.  Even Ari felt it.
     
      	And completely ignored it.  "No, but this is my sister, we're talking
about."
     
      	"Your sister is very beautiful and every bit as sexual as you are.  You
don't *have* to sleep with her," replied Jane.  "But you know you would if you
didn't have this weird hang-up."
     
      	Ari looked at Jane, open-mouthed in shock.  "'Weird hang-up?'  Hel-lo! 
Incest!"
     
      	Jane looked at her and said sharply, "Arianwen Whitestone!  Get it
together!  No one would force you to have sex with your sister.  But you *are* a
High Priestess of a sex Goddess.  Tina's already predisposed to find you
attractive.  And I'd suggest you think on just what incest is and why you feel
like you do about it before coming to any hard and fast conclusions."  Jane's
tone made it clear this part of the conversation was over. 

	Tina returned at that point and sat down again.  She was less horny, but
only marginally.  No matter that she was walling off her sister, Ari was still
able to smell, and respond to, Tina's scent.  Her mind was a mass of conflicting
emotions as the conversation continued.
     
      	"I'm pretty sure I could handle living there," said Tina, picking up
where they'd left off.
     
      	"It's not a permanent decision, Tina.  You will always have the choice
of staying or not.  No one will force you," said Ken.
     
      	You could force me, thought Tina. Although, I don't think you can rape
the willing.
     
      	Tina, Ken saw, was not thinking clearly.  Too much had happened in too
short a time.  However, he was sure that she would fit in just fine.  Arianwen
might have fits, though.  Speaking of which.
     
      	"There is one last thing we should discuss before we go," said Ken. 
"And that is your sister's name change."
     
      	"You changed your name?" asked Tina looking at Ari.
     
      	Ari nodded, not speaking.  Clearly she was going nuts with her sister
sitting right next to her.  Ken wondered if he was looking at this the wrong
way.  Perhaps Ari would be too uncomfortable with this arrangement, and they
should consider something else.  Still, his gut -- or divine intervention --
told him it was right to offer Tina a place to live at the mansion.
     
      	"Why?"
     
      	"I..." Ari stopped.  How do you explain to your little sister that the
Gods are real?  That, when you dedicated yourself to the Goddess, it was like a
rebirth for you?  How do you say those things without seeming like a nutcase?
     
      	"What?" pressed Tina.
     
      	"I needed to... I needed a change.  I wanted a total break from how I
used to live.  So, I asked Ken to help me change my name," replied Ari.
     
      	"What is it again?"
     
      	"Arianwen Whitestone," replied her sister.
     
      	"Why did you choose that?"
     
      	Ari was at a loss.  She hadn't actually chosen it, Lea had.
     
      	"Um..." she fumbled.
     
      	"Arianwen means 'fair' -- as in, beautiful," said Jane with a gleam in
her eye.  "Don't you think that your sister is beautiful?"
     
      	Tina's heart rate jumped and she could feel her pussy lips slid against
each other as she shifted.  She as absolutely soaked.
    
      	But Ari was her sister so,  "I guess she's kinda cute," Tina replied
with a smirk on her face.  "Where'd Whitestone come from?"
     
      	"That's our last name," replied Jane.
     
      	"Our, as in you're married to someone?"
     
      	"Yes," replied Jane trying to keep a straight face.
     
      	Tina felt a glimmer of disappointment.  She'd had thoughts of Jane doing
all kinds of things to her.
     
      	"So, you're married to him?" asked Tina.
     
      	"Yes," replied Jane.  "Ken is my husband."
     
      	"So like, you adopted Ally, er, Arianwen?"
     
      	"Not exactly," jumped in Ken. 
     
      	Ari was turning all sorts of shades of pink.  They weren't lying to
Tina, butshe wasn't getting the whole truth either, and Ari dreaded that Tina
would stumble onto a question that would twig her to the fact that Ari was
married to both Ken and Jane -- in every way that mattered.
     
      	"Arianwen is considered a legal adult now and has paperwork to prove it. 
When we did the name change, she wanted a complete break, and so Whitestone was
decided on as a last name."
     
      	It was getting late, but Ken didn't want to head back just yet.  "Jane,
why don't you and Tina get to know each other," poor choice of words, he
thought, feeling both women's excitement skyrocket, "and Ari and I will be back
in a few minutes."
     
      	They went out back to Ken's small, fairly private, backyard.  It was
still quite hot even though twilight had set in.
     
      	"Master," said Ari as soon as they got out there. "Please, will you take
your slave?"
     
      	Being so near her sister had put Ari in a state.  She refused to
acknowledge why, but her arousal was impossible to refute.  She needed this. 
She also needed the comfort the sex would provide her.
     
      	"Of course, my love," he smiled at her.  "Don't get too loud, though."
     
      	It was a simple matter to flip up her skirt and push aside her thong to
enter her from behind.  She was so hot and wet that he slid home with ease.  It
stretched her tight cunt almost too rapidly, but it was just what she needed. 
She came explosively, biting down on her shirt to keep from screaming.  She was
helpless as he pushed her to the ground and continued to fuck her, one hand
reaching to pull on her nipple rings.
     
      	She came again, harder this time, her breath coming in gasps. Then
again, a final time, as he filled her tight hole with his sperm.  She groaned as
he pulled out of her with a slight sucking sound, then spun quickly and took his
slick cock in her mouth, sucking off the last of their juices.
     
      	"Thank you Master, I really needed that," she said.
     
      	That, thought Ken, was the definition of a quickie.  It had taken all of
about five minutes.  Ari pulled the thin gusset of her thong over to cover her
pussy, then sat on the ground with her back against a small tree.
     
      	"Ari," said Ken, sitting cross-legged in front of her.  "I can see the
effect that your sister has on you."
     
      	Ari looked at the ground and shook her head.  She was not going to admit
it -- no way, no how.  This was her baby sister they were talking about.
     
      	With a sigh he tried again.  "If having Tina at the mansion is going to
cause you any problems, we'll work something else out.  We can find a way.
Besides, she's family; no way we'll leave her on her own if she needs our help."
     
      	"No," said Ari shaking her head.  "She belongs there -- I can feel it.  
I'll get over it."
     
     	"Ari, you know we love you too much to let you suffer.  For real,
anyway," he grinned.
     
      	She smiled back, her body still throbbing with little bursts of lust.
     
      	"It's alright," she replied.  "I know I'll find a way to deal with it. 
She's my sister, and I don't want to make things any more difficult for her than
they already are."
     
      	Holding hands, they went back inside.  Tina's eyes widened when she saw
them holding hands, but she didn't say anything.
     
      	"It's time for us to go," said Ken.  "You ladies ready?"
     
      	More than ready, Ken saw, but not to leave.  Jane was dying to submit
herself to a girl less than half her age, and said girl couldn't get the idea of
squatting over Jane's mouth out of her head.  All things considered, he thought
it was best if Ari drove Jane back while he drove with Tina.
     
      	It didn't take long to realize that that might not have been the best
plan either.

      	Tina's emotions were in constant flux: raging arousal, deathly fear, the
desire to submit to Ken -- although she didn't think of it in those terms -- and
the sexual arousal at the thought of Jane kneeling at her feet constantly
flip-flopped in the girl's mind.  Ken had to shut her out, but her emotions were
quite powerful.  He found himself thankful that he'd had that quickie with Ari
in the backyard.
     
      	"You had sex with Ally, didn't you?" asked Tina.  Hidden in the
challenge in her tone was ... wistfulness.
     
      	"You should call her Ari or Arianwen.  She's tried very hard to forget
about being Ally," Ken replied.
     
      	Tina would not be put off though.  "You didn't answer my question," she
said.
     
     	"Would it upset you if I had?"
    
     	Tina was silent for a moment. "No, I guess not," she replied. 

	The remainder of the ride was spent in silence.  Tina was using the
thought of her sister having sex to combat the feelings of abandonment she had,
courtesy of her mother.  That lasted until they pulled into the gate of the
mansion.
    
     	At first the girl remained silent, looking around at the grounds in
wonder.  When they pulled into the garage, Ari's Mini right behind them, though,
Tina looked at Ken.
    
     	"Yes," he answered her unspoken question, "this is where we live."
    
     	Once on the grounds, Tina's emotions had quickly settled down.  She
didn't feel completely peaceful, but neither were her emotions bouncing all over
the place.
    
     	"Remember," said Ken as they got out of the car, "if the things that
happen here make you uncomfortable, then we'll make other arrangements."
    
     	"You are kidding, right?" asked Tina.
    
     	Ken just smiled and they walked inside.  Eric was in the kitchen as they
entered, and Tina just stopped and stared at the huge man.  Suddenly, she became
very shy.
    
     	"Hey Ken," said Eric, as he turned and caught sight of the small teen. 
    
     	"Eric," said Ken. "This is Ari's sister, Tina.  It looks like she'll be
staying with us for a while."
    
     	"Hi Tina," beamed the big man, "nice to meet you."
    
     	Tina's sex drive was once again in overdrive.  This guy looked like a
Norse God! Unlike Ken, Eric hadn't thought to throttle back and Tina was getting
hit full force. Her submissive side came to the fore, and she had trouble
focusing.
    
     	"Eric," said Ken.
    
     	Eric, Ken saw, was as drawn to Tina as he had been.  He tore his eyes
away from the girl and realized what Ken was talking about and throttled back. 
Of course, it was a little too late and Tina as still kind of dazed by the time
Jane and Ari entered the kitchen.  Without thinking, the big man gave both of
them a kiss which left no doubt what their relationship was.

    
     	Sally came walking in moments later, and was introduced to Tina, as
well.
    
     	The girl was getting a bit overwhelmed, too many things to take in all
at once, so Ken said, "Why don't I show you the upstairs and we'll get you
settled.  Then we can figure out what to do next?"
    
     	"Uh, sure," replied Tina.
    
     	Ken took her upstairs to the family wing.  Genie and Bill had moved
their bedroom over here, and since Sally, Eric and the baby had a room there, as
well, everyone was sleeping on this side.  Arianwen still had a room of her own,
but she almost never used it, preferring to sleep with Ken and Jane unless
someone invited her into another bed.  Thinking about it, Ken realized that Tina
would most likely be the first person in the mansion to actually sleep alone in
a bedroom.
    
     	Each bedroom, in what Ken thought of as the family wing, had its own
full bath, and all the rooms were very large.  Ken showed Tina to one of the
unused rooms.  The girl looked around in astonishment.  It had a king-sized bed
and huge windows that opened out onto a small porch overlooking the grounds of
the mansion.  There was a couch, several chairs and several other pieces of
furniture.  He showed her the walk-in closet -- empty now, although he suspected
that wouldn't last -- and told her the room was hers.
    
     	"Mine?"
    
     	"Yours for as long as you want to stay here."
    
     	Tina looked around in wonder.  She'd never even seen a hotel as
beautiful as this, never mind a house.  Impulsively, she threw her arms around
Ken.
    
     	She couldn't decide if that was a mistake or not.  She liked his arms
around her; they felt safe.  But her simmering arousal almost boiled over, as
her nipples tightened and her still sopping panties completely lost their battle
with her juices and they started to ooze down her thigh.
    
     	In spite of all this, Ken felt something solidify within the girl. 
She'd come to some sort of a decision, but without probing fairly deeply, he
didn't know what it was.  Ken usually didn't do that; he mainly confined himself
to surface thoughts, if that.  So he didn't know what it was she decided, but
whatever it was, it gave her some measure of peace.   He let her hang on as long
as she wanted -- not very, unfortunately -- then stepped away.
    
     	"I guess you'll need some clothes and stuff."
    
     	Tina blushed and nodded, wondering if he knew just how wet she was.  He
did, but that didn't change the fact that even in a house where the women spent
most of their time nude, she needed more that what she had on.
    
     	"If you want, someone will take you to the mall, if that's where you'd
like to go, to get new clothes.  Your sister, or anyone else that you'd like to
go with, can take you whenever you're ready.  I'm sure that the ladies have soap
and shampoo and whatever else you might need.  In the meantime, while Sally does
most of the cooking around here, at least for the formal meals, feel free to
forage for snacks yourself when you get hungry," he grinned.
    
     	Tina grinned back and said, "If it's okay, I'll come down in a few
minutes and see if Al... Arianwen wants to go to the mall.  I don't need much,
and I can get a job or something to pay you back."
    
     	"How about we worry about that money thing later?  Just come down when
you're ready, okay?  We might be out by the pool."
    
     	He noticed that this room had no computer hook-up in it, so it was cut
off from the housenet, and therefore the phone and intercom system that Bill had
set up.  Everyday, it seemed like the mansion ended up more computerized. 
Which, in his opinion, was a good thing.  He'd need to speak to Bill about
getting a computer in Tina's room
    
    	The Circle was waiting for him in the kitchen, as he had known they
would be.  Time, he thought, for a quick meeting.

    	End Chapter 45




Avatar
Chapter 46

      	Ken noticed that all of the women were dressed -- something that rarely
happened now-a-days.  Looking at the clock, he wondered where Genie and Bill
were, then thought he remembered something about them going out for dinner or
something.  He'd introduce them to Tina tomorrow.
     
      	"Well," he said, "it looks like there's the possibility of a new
addition to Nemetodunum."
     
      	"Possibility?" asked Sally.
     
      	"I don't know if she'll want to stay here," replied Ken.  "And, I don't
know how you all feel about this."
     
      	The rest of the Circle looked at each other, then at Jane, who sighed. 
Clearly, she'd been chosen as spokeswoman, and just as clearly, something had
been going on that Ken wasn't privy to.
     
      	"Alright," he said, "give it up.  What's going on?"
     
      	To his surprise, Jane knelt.  Rather than a sexually submissive pose,
this one was just submissive.
     
       	"Master," she began, "whether she stays or goes is your decision.  You
are the High Priest, and you are the head of the household."
      
       	Ken blinked.  Yup, things had been going on that he wasn't aware of.
      
       	"Jane," he said in a sharp tone of voice, "get up."  She leaned back,
looking very confused.  "You are my slave and when you kneel to me, it better be
only in that capacity. Do not ever kneel to me as a Priestess.  If Lea doesn't
require someone to kneel to her, what makes you think I would?"
      
       	"I'm sorry, Master," said the woman as she gracefully rose to her feet.
      
       	"And as far as being the head of the household..."
      
       	"You are," came a new voice -- Lea's, as she appeared in a doorway. 
"You are my Avatar, you will make the decisions.  You will lead."
      
       	To say he was surprised would be a vast understatement.  Only once had
Lea given him an actual command.  Lots of suggestions, yes, but a command almost
never.
      
       	"Decision by committee is foolish," she said.  "Listen to the views of
our Circle.  Discuss the issues, then you will make a decision.  Your decision
will be final."  She walked up to him and wrapped Her arms around him.  Thought
stopped as She kissed him and whispered, "You are my Avatar, my High Priest.  It
is your responsibility to keep my people safe."  Her words were still echoing in
his head as She disappeared.
      
       	"Well," said Eric dryly. "That settles that."
        
       	Ken was still a little dazed from Her kiss.  "Yup, I guess so."  He
refocused on the rest of the Circle.  They were still waiting.  Ken looked at
them in silence, then said, "Anyone have any thoughts they'd like to share?"
      
       	"I have no problem with her staying," said Eric.  "My read of her says
she'll fit in with no problem."
      
       	Sally and Jane nodded their agreement.  Ari said nothing, which did not
go unnoticed by anyone.
      
       	"Ari," said Sally, "you're pretty quiet about this."
      
       	The girl nodded.
      
       	"What's wrong?"
      
       	Ken and Jane knew what was bothering the girl, but said nothing.
      
       	"Nothing.  I'm alright," she said.  "Of course, Tina should stay here."
      
       	Sally, however, wouldn't let that go.  "C'mon, Ari.  Things get pretty
intense around here.  You sure you're okay with Tina moving in?"
      
       	"Yes.  It'll be fine."
      
       	"Do you think we should start to wear clothing?" asked Sally of Ari.
      
       	"Well, maybe," she said, then, "I don't know.  You should do whatever
makes you comfortable.  We told her what the deal was."  The little redhead
stood and left the room.
      
       	"She's got it bad, doesn't she?" commented Eric.
      
       	"I've never seen her unsure of herself," added Sally.
      
       	"I think it's because Tina reminds her of what her life used to be
like," said Jane.  Everyone looked at her.  "Well, okay.  That and the fact that
she's dying to submit to her sister."
      
       	"Tina's on her way down," said Ken.
      
       	"So, what's the status then?" asked Eric.
      
       	"Well, we're not going to change how we live.  Just don't go out of your
way to make the girl uncomfortable.  If she's really unhappy here -- something
that I doubt she'll be -- then we'll figure out something else.  But for now? 
Just play it by ear."
      
       	"Hello?" came Tina's voice.  She had no idea where they were.
      
       	"I'll get Bill to show her the computer system and show her how to use
it," said Ken as he walked out.  "Jane, find our wife will you?  I think she's
feeling a little lost."
      
       	"Of course, Master," said Jane, who was thinking much the same thing.
      
       	Ken could feel Arianwen's emotions.  They were as unsettled as they'd
ever been since he'd met her.  With all the changes the Circle been through, he
tended to forget that they were all very new at this.  He also tended to forget
Ari's age.
      
       	"Hi, Tina," he said as he walked into the entrance hall.  He grinned and
said, "Don't worry, it won't be long before you know your way around here.  The
kitchen's this way.  If you're hungry, we can get a snack, but Sally should have
dinner ready fairly soon."
      
       	They talked as he showed her the way to the kitchen (where she declined
a snack), then the main study, small pool and the small dining area they usually
ate in.  Tina was in awe of it all, but tried not to gape.
      
       	"Tina," he said, looking at her when they had returned to the pool.  "I
know you're looking around this place and thinking about how much money it
represents.  And it's quite a chunk of cash, that's for sure.  But the truth is,
none of us are really all that used to it either.  We've only been a little over
a month.  Before that I was doing okay, but was by no means rich, and neither
was anyone else."
      
       	"Then how did you end up here?"
      
       	Ken grinned and said, "I won the lottery."  In more ways than one, he
thought.
      
       	Tina stopped and looked at him.  "No way!"
      
       	"Yes way," he replied.  "Trust me, it was a shock."  Of course it would
have been more of a shock if Lea hadn't entered his life.  But then, if she
hadn't, he wouldn't have won the lottery.
     
       	Arianwen was at the table for dinner and even managed to get excited
about taking her sister to the mall to buy her clothing the next day.  But Ken
could tell she was still disturbed by her feelings and desires.  Those feelings
and desires were not something she wanted to deal with.  In some ways, she felt
like she was still Ally, trying to reconcile sexual desires with a religion that
told her those desires made her an evil person.
      
       	After helping clean up dinner, they all went out to the pool, which was
where Tina got her first experience with the nudity that was so much a part of
the household now.  Sally just stripped and jumped into the pool, followed by
Jane.  Ari declined to swim, saying she was too tired and Tina was too shy to
strip off in front of Eric and Ken.  She'd borrowed a skirt and top from Sally,
who was close to her height, but no one had a bathing suit that would fit her. 
She looked like she really wanted to go in, though.
      
       	Eric didn't stay long as the baby needed attention, and Ken realized
that, as long as he was there, Tina wouldn't get to swim.  So he went upstairs
to the dojo and did a light workout, then to the main media room to watch a
movie.  Eric joined him there and they sat and watched "X-Men". 

	Toward the end of the movie, Ken felt a rising tide of lust coming from
the playroom.  Ari and Jane were in there, but by the time the movie was over
and he got upstairs, Jane was in the bedroom.  Ari was till in the playroom.
      
       	Jane was kneeling, waiting for him, when he walked into the room.
      
       	"Master," she said. "Your other slave is in the playroom.  I believe
she's hoping you'll use her, tonight."
      
       	"I see," he said squatting down in front of the naked woman.  She was
just so beautiful that sometimes it took his breath away.  Since becoming a High
Priestess, her body had changed, and while the individual changes were pretty
subtle, taken together they were breathtaking.  Her large breasts were firm
enough to not need a bra, but looking at them left no doubt they were completely
natural.  Jane had already been in very good shape when they met, but since then
her overall tone had improved -- and, in fact, her muscle mass had increased,
giving her a sleek look.  He grinned, thinking that she looked even more
cat-like than she had before.  Her dark, curly hair was longer than it had been,
now reaching about the middle of her back.  He wasn't completely sure, but it
seemed as if the blue of her eyes had deepened as well.  Since they seemed to
change color a fair amount so he wasn't sure.  Ken stood and held out his hand
and together they walked to the play room.
      
       	Ari was waiting for them alright.  She had little choice, considering
the position that Jane had left her in. Her arms had been folded and tied at the
small of her back with some expertly-applied rope that crossed her upper torso,
and pressed her small breasts to her body, but left her nipples free for play. 
Her ankles had been tied, and that rope attached to the ropes around her upper
torso, knotted between her shoulders.  The rope had been pulled so tight that
her toes were within inches of her back, forcing her body in a painful backwards
bow. 
      
       	Jane hadn't stopped there, though.  She'd taken Ari's dark red hair and
braided a leather thong into it.  This she'd run through a D-ring at the end of
a steel 'J' shaped tube, who's hook had been sunk deeply into Ari's ass, then
ran the thong to a crossbeam on the frame.  Any movement of Ari's head pulled
the tube, which was unfortunate for her, since that rope was part of what
balanced her in position. 

		Jane's final touch was the other thing keeping her in place. 
Each of Ari's nipple rings had a leather thong tied to it, the other end of
which was attached to the table in front of her.  They thongs were so taut, that
they pulled each tiny breast into a small cone.  The position was extreme
because any movement -- even breathing, which was quite difficult -- pulled
something, somewhere.  Of course, Arianwen had become quite adept at deriving
intense sexual pleasure from extreme positions and this one was making her drip. 
Not only that, but since Lea had modified her nipples, the constant sharp tug on
them kept Ari on the razor's edge of orgasm.
      
       	Ken also noticed that Ari had been fitted with the largest ring gag her
mouth could take.  She couldn't swallow, and saliva was dripping off her chin
and running down the front of her throat.  The height of the table was perfect
for fucking her mouth, something he was sure was no mistake.
      
       	(Thinking about it later, he realized that it was no surprise Arianwen
had sought out bondage as comfort, so to speak.  Enjoying the pain and pleasure
of rope, being used by her Master -- and, perhaps, Jane -- was an affirmation of
her new life and a rejection of the old one her sister apparently reminded her
of.)
      
       	Ken was hard; the sight that the teen provided was definitely
provocative.  He looked at her for a moment while deciding what to do.  It
wasn't much of a decision, though, so he turned and pushed his large cock
through the ring in her mouth. 
      
       	It was a very tight fit, and he couldn't go very deep.  And with each
push, he caused Ari's body to rock back and forth, which caused even more
difficulty with her breathing and her nipples to be cruelly tugged.  It also
caused the rod in her ass to be pulled.  Ari choked a bit, since he gave her
little consideration as he fucked her mouth, allowing her bonds to keep her in
place. 

	However, she came before he did, even though the orgasm seemed to give
her little relief. The pain in her breasts, the incredibly strict bondage and
the lack of oxygen took their toll as the orgasm wracked her body.  Sweat pooled
and dripped down her body and into her eyes, stinging them. 

	Ken finally came, but remained hard.  His cock was slick with Ari's
spit, so he turned Jane around, bent her over and speared her asshole.  She
groaned in pain, but for Jane that was pleasure.  He fucked her pretty hard as
Ari watched, wishing for something to give her relief. Ken fucked Jane for a
good ten minutes before cumming in her bowels.  He pulled his cock out of Jane
and pushed it into Ari's mouth.  Ari wasn't really into a2m (ass to mouth) play,
certainly not the way Genie was, but there was nothing she could do to stop him. 
She discovered, however, that because there was nothing she could do, it aroused
her all the more. 
      
       	Ken didn't deposit any more sperm into her mouth; instead, he backed
away and looked at Jane.
      
       	"Put your asshole on her mouth and make her use her tongue.  Stay that
way until I return.  Feel free to cum if you'd like," he said, then walked out.
      
       	Sally and Eric were in their room so he knocked on their door.
      
       	"Hey, guys?  I need a favor," he said when he entered.
      
       	Sally's eyes were blazing, and he knew Eric was erect, as well.  They'd
felt all the activity from the playroom and had just been considering joining
them. 
      
       	"Ari's in need of some attention.  She's tied up in the playroom.  Feel
free to use her anyway you'd like until I send Jane to untie her.  Make sure
that you don't have to pee after you're finished with her."
      
       	Eric grinned and nodded, as did Sally.
      
       	"We'll be in in a few," Eric said.
      
       	"Thanks," replied Ken.  He quickly cleaned up, then -- still naked --
headed downstairs.  He knew that Bill and Genie were almost in the garage, so
waited for them to come in the house. He was sipping some water when they
arrived.
      
       	"Hey guys, have fun tonight?" he asked as they walked in.
      
       	"Yeah," replied Bill.  "How're you doing?"
      
       	"Fine.  Are you going to be up for a while?"
      
       	"What'd you have in mind?" asked Genie licking her lips and looking at
Ken's cock.
      
       	He smiled, "Well, maybe some of that, but there's something else we need
to discuss.  There's been an addition to the household, and she has the
potential to sort-of complicate things for a while."
      
       	"Karen?" asked Bill.
      
       	"No, someone else.  Look, I'm almost finished with something upstairs. 
Can you guys hang for a few?"
      
       	They looked at each other, and Genie said, "Sure."
      
       	"Great," replied Ken and went back upstairs.
      
       	Jane was still fucking her asshole on Ari's tongue when Ken returned. 
He could see the girl's tongue sliding in and out of the tight hole.  Again, it
wasn't Ari's favorite thing to do, but it was getting Jane off as she rode Ari's
tongue while pulling her own clit ring.  Ari was getting off on Jane's
excitement plus her own helplessness.
      
       	"Okay, Jane," said Ken, and the woman stepped away and stood up.  Ken
walked over to one of the closets and pulled out a new type of gag; one that
Gary had given him especially for Arianwen.  She hadn't seen it yet.  It was a
funnel gag, designed to seal over a submissive's lips and allow liquids to be
poured in her helpless mouth via a semi-flexible tube.  Ari shuddered as he
fitted it to her for the first time.  Eric and Sally entered the room just as he
finished.
      
       	"You can take this out if you need to, but I thought it'd be useful at
the moment," said Ken.
      
       	Then he directed his cock head toward the upturned mouth of the funnel
and released his bladder.  Ari moaned as the hot liquid flowed into her mouth. 
She swallowed quickly, trying to keep up with the flow.  The Circle felt her
arousal quickly flare into a hot fire.  When Ken was finished, he stepped back
and motioned for Jane to take his place.  She re-adjusted and straddled the
funnel and let loose.  Her aim wasn't as good as Ken's -- on purpose no doubt --
and Ari's face was pretty wet by the time Jane finished emptying her very full
bladder.
      
       	Ken knelt next to his wife.  She was panting shallowly, each breath a
strain, and her thoughts clouded with lust.  Ken unsnapped the funnel from the
gag.
      
       	"Ari, my love," he said, "look at me."
      
       	She focused on him and he said, "This is part of your life now -- a big
part.  As you noted earlier, you're a High Priestess in a religion dedicated to
sex.  You're a sex slave; bondage and watersports get you off in a big way. 
Normally, this wouldn't be a problem, you could hide it from anyone you wanted
to.  But Tina's one of us, and you know it.  So start thinking of a way to deal
with your sister being in your life."
      
       	He stood and clipped the funnel back into the gag.
      
       	Turning to Eric, he said, "She's all yours.  Would you bring her to our
bedroom when you've finished?"
      
       	Eric smiled and tapped the crop he held against his palm.  "It might be
a while."
      
       	Ken shrugged.  "She's a slave.  Take all the time you need."
      
       	Ari groaned, lust spiking though her body.  She was developing a real
taste for helplessness.  Ken and Jane left the room. Jane asked if he wanted her
there when she spoke to Genie and Bill. 
      
       	"Not if you don't want to.  By the way, have you spoken to Genie
lately?"
      
       	"Yes," said Jane looking at him.
      
       	Ken sighed and said, "I wonder why it hasn't happened to Bill."
      
       	"Maybe because he wasn't at the ritual?  I don't know.  But I think we
should wait until Ari can join us, don't you?  At least for something formal."
      
       	"Oh yeah.  Eric and Sally, too," he added.
      
       	"We could make it formal on the 7th, but if we don't start helping her
out before then, she's gonna freak."
      
       	Ken nodded his agreement and said, "I wonder what triggered it?"
      
       	Jane shrugged.  "You could always ask Lea."
      
         	Ken had a thought and said, "I wonder if Annette has been
affected?  She was still glowing when I saw them earlier this week.  Gary's been
under a lot of pressure, though, so he might not have noticed.  Would you call
them and see if they're coming by tomorrow?  Also, tell them about Tina."
      
       	"OK."  They kissed, and Ken headed downstairs.
             
       	"Hey, guys,"  he said flopping into a chair, "have a good time out?"
      
       	Bill grinned and nodded, obviously very happy to have the beautiful
woman out with him for the evening.  Genie was a little quiet, but not enough
that Bill would notice.  Ken had sensed earlier that, despite her outward
bounciness, something was bothering her, which was what prompted him to speak to
Jane.
      
       	"So, what's this about a new addition to the household?" Bill asked.
      
       	Ken explained what had happened, and how they needed to let Tina stay
with them.  Bill and Genie were silent.
      
       	"I'm sure she'll fit in just fine," said Genie as her eyes lost a bit of
focus.  "She and Ari have a lot of similarities."
      
       	Bill looked at her and said, "Genie, you've never even met her."
      
       	"Um, yeah, " she stammered, "I meant that because they're sisters and
all, they probably are a lot alike."
      
       	"She's only fifteen," replied Bill.
      
       	"Arianwen's only seventeen," said Genie sharply, "And you don't have a
problem fucking her."
      
       	Bill sort of jumped a little at Genie's tone.  Ken knew that it was time
to speak with Genie.  She really was having a hard time of it.
      
       	"I'm sorry, honey," she said to Bill stroking his arm, "that didn't come
out like I meant it to."
      
       	"Hey, it's okay," he said kissing her lightly.
      
       	Bill had come a long way in a short time, as they all had.  He really
loved Genie, but was confused by her acceptance that he had sex and played BDSM
games with other women.  It didn't make it less confusing for him to realize
that he felt no jealousy when Genie played with other people.  But this was his
first real relationship as an adult -- or ever, actually, with anything that
didn't have a keyboard.  Ken knew he felt as if he were flying blind.
      
       	They continued to discuss Tina's impact on the household and how to deal
with it.  Genie was of the firm opinion that they shouldn't change how the
household worked.  Bill was all for that, but didn't want to freak the kid out.
      
       	"We talked before dinner and decided to just ease into things," said
Ken.  "There's no play party planned for this weekend, so that will make things
easier.  Although I'm sure that Gary and Annette will come by to hang out -- at
least, I hope they will -- and Jane and I were planning to ride with Sandy."
      
       	Genie got a big grin on her face and said, "And we all know what biking
does to her!"

Ken returned her grin.  "Oh yeah."

   	Bill stood and said, "I'm tired.  You coming upstairs?" he asked Genie.
   
      	"In a few minutes, hon," she smiled.
     
      	Ken knew she was very restless, since she was being affected by the
energy produced by the goings-on in the playroom.  For the first time since
she'd moved in here, she felt shy about expressing her desire to have sex with
Ken.  She and Bill had fooled around a little while they were out, but she was
having a hard time focusing for some reason.
     
      	"Interested in a swim?" she asked Ken.
      
       	"Genie, sit down," he said.
      
       	Startled a bit by his tone, she sat.
      
       	"You've been studying with Jane and Ari about our religion," he said,
"right?"
      
       	"Yeah," she replied, wondering what he was getting at.
      
       	"What do you remember about the ritual last week?"
       
        	Genie told him.  She recounted what they'd done, what the ritual
was for and who'd been there, including Lea.
       
        	"Do you believe that our Goddess exists?" asked Ken.
       
        	"Of course..." replied Genie, who then cut herself off.  Ken
watched the gears turn in her head as she thought about his question.  She
realized at that point that, not only did she believe, but she was absolutely
sure that their Goddess did exist.
       
        	"You mentioned, everyone in the Circle, Genie, including Lea. 
What did you think about her?"
       
        	"I... I don't know.  You know, this is really weird."  Genie was
beginning to get frightened.  "It seems like she's always around here, only I've
just realized that I don't see her very often.  In fact, the only time I can
clearly remember seeing her was at the ritual."  She paused.  "But I swear that
I've seen her other times!"
       
        	Ken moved onto the couch with Genie, who was now trembling.  He
took her hand and, oddly, that seemed to help reduce her sense of unreality.
       
        	"Genie, you don't just believe that the Goddess is real.  You
know it, don't you?"
       
        	She nodded.
       
        	"You know that I'm Her High Priest, right?"  Another nod.  "I'm
also her Avatar -- although, not in the strictest sense of the word.  If you can
accept that the Goddess is real, can you accept that She can give those who
worship Her, those who decide to dedicate themselves to Her, some ... abilities
... that they wouldn't otherwise have?"
       
        	Genie breathed out and said, "That seems more unlikely than the
fact that She exists at all."
       
        	"But it's true," he said gently.  "Things have been a little
strange for you this last day or so, haven't they?  It's like you're tuned into
certain people's feelings -- sexual feelings.  Their needs and wants; almost
like you can tell their sexual history and know their fantasies."  She looked at
him with wide eyes, too afraid to even nod.  "A few days ago, before this
started up, did you make any decisions regarding this religion?"
       
        	Genie, nodded.  "I... it was Wednesday morning, actually.  Joan
and I were... playing ... before I had to go to work.  I remember looking at her
and feeling how happy we were making her.  Then, I thought about how everyone
here was acting and it sort of smacked me in the face that what we were doing
was just not normal.  No one lives like this!  All this sex, and love.  There's
no jealously here, damn few arguments, and I know that's just not normal. 
       
        	"I knew that, somehow, you, Jane and Ari were causing it.  Or,
not exactly causing it, but a part of it, living it."  She stopped, then started
again. "This is hard to explain.  I was a part of it, too, but sort-of on the
outside.  The ritual convinced me that I wanted to be more included in what
you're building here.  In that moment, I knew that it wasn't just you three. 
Sally and Eric were also more... I don't know, connected... with what was going
on.  I decided to approach you and ask what I could do to become more of a part
of things.
       
        	"Somehow, it kept slipping my mind to ask you what I could do. 
I was feeling a little guilty because yesterday I started feeling that...
inclusion that I associate with you guys.  But since I didn't ask anyone if I
could join you, I didn't feel legitimate.  That was really starting to bother
me."
       
        	They sat in silence for a moment.   Ken put his hands on either
side of her face and pulled her gently into a deep kiss.  Genie groaned and
almost melted.
       
        	"Would you like to be a Priestess?  To join our Circle?"
       
        	There was no hesitation in her answer, despite the shakiness of
her husky whisper. 
       
        	"Yes.  Very much."
       
        	"Go upstairs and sleep," he replied.  "Tomorrow, I'll tell the
Circle that you want to join us.  They will accept you with open arms.  Jane
already knows you're with us.  On August 7th, during our ritual, you can
formally dedicate yourself as a Priestess.  Tomorrow, we'll explain to you why
you've been feeling the things you have; what this all means.  If you want out,
that will be the time to do it.  Becoming a Priestess is a big step, but it's
not irreversible.  Lea only wants willing people to serve Her."
       
        	They kissed again and a somewhat dazed Genie walked upstairs.
       
        	"Well done, Kenneth," said Lea.
       
        	Ken looked at her and smiled, his heart beat quickening as it
always did in Her presence.
       
        	"Thank you," he replied.  "I'm flying kind of bind here though. 
How did Genie started getting Circle talents?"
       
        	"When people associate themselves with me, begin to believe and
want to join with us, the power grows in them.  It will fade if they leave.  It
will fade if they are not true to us," She replied.
       
        	"In that case, I'd better make sure to speak to Annette, hadn't
I?"
       
        	"Oh yes," replied Lea, a big smile on her face.  "She is strong,
very strong.  The ceremony to include her should be special, I think."
       
        	Ken frowned and said, "I'd hate to do something that would make
Genie feel less included."
       
        	"I think you will find that the ritual to accept each person
will be different.  Each will join us in their own way.  Each time, it will be
what is right for them," replied Lea.  "Arianwen is troubled."
       
        	"Yes.  She's very attracted to her sister and that's bringing up
all kinds of feelings that she doesn't associate with the Circle.  If Tina
weren't her sister, then it would be a different story."
       
        	"Most of the time," said Lea,  "it is not good for humans
related by blood to mate and produce children.  Your genetics are too impure. 
For other reasons, it is a poor idea for parents and their children to have sex. 
The dynamics of those relationships are too skewed.  But, she and her sister
should have none of those issues."
       
        	"I think that Arianwen has slammed into a cultural barrier that
she never thought about," replied Ken.  "Certainly she's been fantasizing about
her sister for a long time.  Faced with the reality, she's a bit disturbed."
       
        	"Arianwen is very young," replied Lea, "but I have every
confidence that she will overcome this problem."  Lea paused, then said, "There
are other issues, as well.  Arianwen is sexually aroused by activities that she
fears her sister will find repulsive.  Sex aside, she loves Tina very much and
would be quite distressed if she were to lose Tina's love and respect."
       
        	Ken nodded.  "It's a complicated problem, alright.  If she'd
just read Tina, she'd know through Tina's fantasies that her fears are
groundless."
       
        	"In time," said Lea.  "In time, Arianwen will surrender to the
inevitable.  I believe she will find Tina to be very persuasive."  Lea flashed
him a large grin, one that he was coming to discover meant he'd better be on the
lookout for something.  "As will you."
       
        	With that he was alone in the room.  He rose and went upstairs.
       
        End Chapter 46




Avatar

Chapter 47

       	Jane was waiting for him when he got to the bedroom.  Their wife was
still entertaining Eric and Sally in the play room.  While he and Jane were
waiting for Ari to finish, they discussed his talk with Genie and Lea.
      
       	"No doubt about it," said Jane.  "I'll have to make sure we see Annette
and Gary this weekend.  I'll go tomorrow."
      
       	"I can take care of that," said Ken, "if you'd like to go shopping with
Tina and Ari.  Why don't you see if you can do a girl's shopping trip?  Make
sure that Sally goes with you.  She's still too shy about leaving the mansion
for my liking."
      
       	"I'll talk to Master Eric about it," replied Jane.  "You know Ari's
going to end up submitting to her sister.  That one's a Domme just waiting to
happen."
      
       	"Oddly enough," replied Ken, "she's very submissive toward men."
      
       	"Uh-huh," said Jane.  "She's a very well-defined switch.  A sub to
males, and a Domme to women.  She's going to be a blast."
      
       	About a half hour later, a very satisfied Arianwen was deposited in
their room by Eric.  Eric, Ken thought as he watched the big man carry her
inside, had a take on suspension that was quite interesting.  Mainly because he
was holding the girl by a rope harness with one hand.
      
       	"We're done with your slave," he said with a big grin, "where do you
want her?"
      
       	"Oh, just set her down anywhere.  I'll get to her eventually," grinned
Ken.
      
       	Ari giggled as Eric gently set her down.   Ken was sure Ari would have
thanked Eric in a less garbled manner, but the ball gag in her mouth kept her
from uttering more than a "ank oo".  Eric kissed the teen's forehead, then left. 
      
       	Ken rose from the bed and walked around Ari.  She had been tied into a
little ball, but he could see stripes on her ass and on what little of her
breasts that were exposed.  Apparently, they'd washed her down -- which was a
good thing, considering what they'd been doing to her.
      
       	"Well, my darling wife, shall we untie you?  Or would you prefer that we
left you like that until tomorrow?" asked Ken as he removed the ball gag.
      
      	"Whatever Master wishes," replied Arianwen after stretching her jaw. 
She really wasn't all that uncomfortable, despite being tied so tightly.  The
strict bondage gave her a low buzz of arousal.
     
      	"What," asked Jane, kneeling at her wife's head and pulling it back by
her hair.  Ari winced a little.  "if your Master decides to deposit you in your
sister's room for the evening?"
     
      	Ari's breath caught, but rather than the panic and upset that comment
would have engendered earlier in the evening, accompanied by a lot of denied
lust, Ari just felt embarrassed.  And aroused, of course.  She knew she couldn't
hide her feelings from her husband and wife.
     
      	"If... Master wishes."
     
      	"Don't worry love.  You're safe -- for now anyway.  Why don't we untie
you so you can come to bed?"  replied Ken.
     
      	He and Jane untied the girl, and Ken carried her over to the bed.  She
had a large number of welts on her small breasts, but that was just fine with
her.  Ari loved intense breast play. They stoked and petted the teen, who
quickly fell asleep.  He and Jane followed soon after.
     
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

      	As was becoming usual, Ken was joined by Ari and Jane when he started
his workout the next morning.  By the time they finished, it was getting on
toward late morning.  Ken knew that everyone else was awake, and he was
interested in what Ari was going to wear while they were in the mansion today. 
He could have ordered her to remain nude, but decided not to.
     
      	Sally had reverted to form and was wearing only an apron as she cooked. 
Ken kissed her good morning -- very thoroughly -- and smiled at Tina.  He could
see that Tina was a bit confused.  The kiss had been very ... intimate ... and
she knew that Eric was Sally's husband.  She also felt a little bit jealous.
     
      	Genie wandered in, naked and yawning, followed shortly by Bill and Eric
who, like Ken, were wearing shorts.  Jane came downstairs wearing only her skin. 
Tina stared at her piercings, although she tried hard not to, and shifted in her
seat, hoping her suddenly-hard nipples weren't getting noticed.  She was
starting to feel out of place, even though all she had on was a long t-shirt. 
She watched rather hungrily as Jane thoroughly kissed everyone -- including
Sally and Genie.  Jane smiled at her and  gently caressed her cheek.  Tina
blushed, recognizing somehow that the caress was not one that would be granted a
child. 
     
      	Tina was introduced to Bill and Genie, which had to have been one of the
odder experiences in her life.  Usually, she was only introduced to people who
were wearing clothes.  Well, Bill wasn't naked, but she suspected that
eventually she'd be seeing him without clothes.
      
      	Arianwen came down a short time later.  Tina stared at her sister's
naked body -- she couldn't help it.  Her nipples stiffened, and she started to
get very wet looking at Ari's nipple rings.  Vague ideas of taking them in her
teeth and gently pulling crossed her mind.  She could almost feel her sister
squirming as she rubbed her finger over Ari's almost-naked sex, coating it with
her wetness.  Tina imagined bringing that finger to her lips and tasting her
sister for the first time
     
      	A glass shattered in the sink, startling all of them except Ken and Jane
who'd both been tapped into Tina.  Tina had no way of knowing how her little
fantasy was affecting her sister.  While Ari still refused to tune in to Tina,
so to speak, Tina was projecting the fantasy so strongly that Ari could hardly
help but pick up on at least the feelings behind it.
     
      	The breaking glass startled Tina, as well; she jumped, then looked at
Ari.
     
      	"Ally, are you okay?" she asked.
     
      	After taking a deep breath and trying to control herself, Ari responded,
"Yeah.  Sorry, the glass must have slipped."
     
      	Sally got up and shooed Ari away from the sink, telling her to eat while
she cleaned up the glass.  Ari sat down near, but not next, to Tina, who was
still watching her, eyes wide.  She was obviously dying to ask Ari about the
piercings.  Ari was trying to compose herself.  Knowing that her sister wanted
to play with her was unsettling. 
     
      	"Tina," said Jane gently, "don't forget that it's 'Ari' now."
     
      	"Oh, I'm sorry," said the girl.
     
      	"Don't worry, sis.  It took me a little while to get used to it, as
well,"  smiled Ari.  Only those who had come to know her well knew how
overly-controlled she was at this moment.
      
       	They talked about their plans for the day, and all the girls, except
Sally, were excited about a girl's only shopping trip.  Ken offered to let them
take the X5 so they'd have enough room, while Eric offered to watch the baby so
Sally didn't have an excuse not to go.
      
       	"But what about feeding time?" she asked, referring to the fact that she
was breast feeding.  "I hardly think you'll be able to do that.  I'll just stay
here."
      
       	Eric smiled at his wife. "We have a pump, dear, and I'm sure that you'll
have time to make his lunch before you go."
      
       	Sally was about to protest when Ken said, "I think that's an excellent
idea."
      
       	Sally looked startled, but it was obvious from Ken's tone that she was
going on the shopping trip, and that was that.
      
       	While they were cleaning up, Ken pulled Genie aside.
      
       	"How are you feeling today?" he asked.
      
       	"Really great," she said flashing him a smile.
      
       	"Do you think you can wait for that explanation until a little later
today?  I have the feeling that there's more than one person who's going to need
it."
      
       	"I think so.  Things have been fine today -- er, except for that little
incident with Tina.  That was so strange; I got the feeling that she was having
a really strong fantasy about Ari."  She snorted.  "Now, of course, *I* can't
get the image of the two of them out of my head."
      
       	"Yeah, well, that's something they're gonna have to work out.  I almost
wish I was going with you guys on the shopping trip," he grinned.

~~~~~~~~~~
             
       	A few hours later, they all went their separate ways.  Bill, Eric and
Christine went to the lab.  The ladies went shopping.  Before they left, Ken
pulled Jane aside and told her to keep things under control with Ari and Tina. 
Then he pulled Ari and Sally aside and told them to keep a close eye on Genie. 
      
       	Ken went to see Gary and Annette.  When he arrived at the shop, Annette
was waiting for him, but Gary was not there.  And she WAS waiting for him,
something she made clear by being on her knees in the showroom, with her
forehead to the ground, when he arrived.  Ken could see she was in the same
condition as Genie. 

	She said nothing as he walked into the room and squatted in front of
her.  It was obvious, to him anyway, that she knew who he was before he'd even
entered the room.
      
       	"Where's Gary?" he asked.
      
       	"He needed some air," she said, sniffling.
      
       	"Look at me," said Ken, "I don't want to talk to the back of your head."
      
       	Annette rose until she was kneeling straight.  Her eyes were red from
crying and her face was pale.
      
       	"What happened?" asked Ken.
      
       	Annette told him.  Ever since the ritual, she'd been getting these
feelings.  She'd never felt more owned by Gary in her life and wanted to serve
him any way she could.  She could feel how much he loved her, and of course, she
loved him.  Their play in the last day or so had been very intense -- so
intense, that usually she'd have bruises for a week.  Annette didn't mind that;
rather the opposite.  However, when they'd gotten up this morning, she didn't
have a mark on her, anywhere. 

Gary freaked and told her he needed some time.
      
       	She knew he didn't have any idea that she knew how freaked out he was. 
She thought he wouldn't leave her, but somehow, something had changed inside of
her, and she was afraid that when he found out what was happening to her, he
would leave her.  In addition to everything else, she was upset because she
didn't know what was happening to her.
      
       	Ken suspected that Annette was integrating the emotions she was getting
from Gary into her own thoughts and blowing things out of proportion.  She
didn't realize just how much she was reading from Gary, and was most likely
misinterpreting what she was getting.  Of course, there was no way for her to
know what was going on inside herself. 
      
       	Ken sighed.  "Annette, I don't think Gary would leave you, no matter
what.  But I think it would be a good idea for you both to come by the mansion
after you guys close the shop.  You and I need to talk, and Gary and I need to
talk, as well."
      
       	"It will be up to Master Gary," said Annette.  "I don't know what he had
planned."
      
       	"Where is he now?"
      
       	"There's a bar right down the street.  He likes to play pool there, and
the guys down there like him," she replied.  Ken saw that Gary had shared
Annette's charms with a few of the guys and their subs.  Not many, as Gary was
very protective of Annette.
      
        	"What's the name?  I'll go and talk to him now."
       
        	"Uh, Sir, that might not be a good idea.  They kinda don't like
outsiders and can get a little rough on people they don't want in the bar."
       
        	"I'm sure Gary will let them know I'm his friend.  What's the
name of the place?"
       
        	Annette hesitated.  She wasn't sure that Gary would be as
welcoming to Ken as he thought.  She had the feeling that Gary was annoyed with
Ken, even though she had no idea why.
       
        	"The name, Annette," said Ken.
       
        	She told him and he left.  As it turned out, he didn't really
need the name.  There was only one bar in the direction he headed.  There was a
line of very nice Harleys parked in front of the place.  He sighed and walked
in.

	The bar was dim and pretty smoky.  Some kind of hard rock music was
coming out of speakers tucked somewhere up in the rafters.  He spotted Gary at a
pool table and started to walk toward him.  He stopped when a very large man
stepped in front of him.
       
        	He looked up at the guy who had to be close to seven feet tall. 
He was bald, wearing a dangling earring, an open leather vest, jeans and boots. 
Gary looked up and saw Ken there, but made no move to come over to him.  He did,
however, continue to watch.
       
        	"Hey, man, this is a private party," smiled the big guy.
       
        	"I'm sorry, I didn't realize that.  Would it be okay if I just
spoke to my friend over there?" 
       
        	Ken had the feeling that they guy wasn't really interested in a
fight, he just wanted to play Scare The Yuppie.  Ken didn't consider himself a
yuppie.  He was dressed in shorts and a tee shirt.  On the other had, it was
obvious that he wasn't a biker.
       
        	"Like I said, private party.  You don't know anyone here."
       
        	At that point, Gary put down his stick and started to walk over. 
Ken caught his eye and shook his head.  Gary gave him a look that said, "it's
your funeral" and backed away.
       
        	Ken grinned at the big man in front of him.  For some reason, he
felt it was important that he pass whatever test these guys were posing.  A lot
of the crowed was looking at them now.
       
        	"I think I do.  Would you like me to point him out?"
       
        	The guy grunted and smiled.  Ken had passed the first test by
not running away.  But, it wasn't over yet.  Ken knew what was coming.
       
        	The big man slowly and menacingly reached behind his back and
pulled out a black case.  He was doing his best to look like he was going to
take Ken apart with something evil.  Ken knew better.
       
        	The case opened, and inside there was two sets of darts.  Had
Ken not reacted the way he did, he would have run into the two guys who'd walked
up behind him when the big guy reached for the case.  They'd have held him until
the case was opened, showing him the darts.  Then they would have thrown him out
of the bar, laughing their asses off.
       
        	"Why don't we make a little bet," came the big guy's gravelly
voice, "I bet you don't know anyone here.  First one to miss the bulls-eye is
wrong."
       
        	Ken reached for one of the darts.  They were nicely balanced. 
He glanced over at the board, which was a good twenty feet away, then turned his
attention back to the big man.  Smiling, he flicked his wrist.  The dart sailed
through the air and struck the red bulls-eye dead center, burying itself deep
into the board.
       
        	Still smiling, Ken said, "Your turn."
       
        	"You gotta be fuckin' kiddin me!" said the man.   He walked over
to the board to verify that the dart was indeed, dead center.  Then he turned
back to Ken.  "So who's yer friend?"
       
        	"I got it, Knife," said Gary as he walked over to Ken. 
       
        	Rather than just greeting him, Gary stood in front of Ken and
looked at him with wary eye.  Ken could feel the uncertainty in the other man.
       
        	"Gary," he said softly, "it's still me.  I'm the same guy you've
been hanging with for weeks.  I came down here because I found Annette in tears
in the store."
       
        	The man swore and looked over at the pool table.   "You as good
at pool as you are at darts?"
       
        	Ken snorted, "Not hardly."
       
        	"Let's play."
       
        	They set up the rack and Ken broke, sinking exactly nothing. 
Pool was not his game.  He didn't do too badly, but he still had two balls on
the table by the time Gary sank the eight.   The game was played in silence.
       
        	While they played, two of the women came over and set beers down
on the table for them.  Ken looked at the women.  One was quite heavy with large
breasts, the other small, thin and obviously not yet eighteen, never mind
twenty-one.   He was attracted to neither, despite the fact that he found the
younger one physically attractive.  Or, rather, the senses that he was starting
to associated with his position as High Priest didn't ping on either of them,
though he would have happily taken the young one for a little play time.
       
        	When they finished, he and Gary sat down and two more beers
appeared at the table.  Ken said nothing.
       
        	"Annette scared the shit out of me this morning," said Gary.
       
        	"She's still the same woman that she's always been, Gary," said
Ken.
       
        	"Yeah?  Then how come there wasn't a mark on her this morning
when we woke up?  She doesn't bruise easily, but I tell you her tits were
bleeding last night when we got finished."  He shook his head.  "And that's
another thing.  We never play that hard -- I don't consider it safe.  But
somehow I knew that she'd do anything I wanted her to and get off on it in a
big, big way.  It kinda got the better of me."
       
        	Ken knew that Gary was very upset by the entire situation.  What
he considered his lack of control, the fact that Annette could make him lose
himself like that, and the fact that there wasn't a mark on her this morning.
       
         	"Gary, she's still the same woman," said Ken.  That wasn't
exactly true, but it was in all the ways that counted.
        
         	"Bullshit, man!  She's like you guys now, whatever the hell that
is."
        
         	"I assure you, that if you really don't like how she's changed,
for you, she'll abandon her new ... abilities ... and everything will go back
the way it was," replied Ken.
        
      	Gary looked away from Ken, his eyes searching the bar as he thought of
how strong Jane was.  If *she* was that strong, how strong was Ken?  He'd never
really seen Ken do much of anything out of the ordinary, except display an
amazing amount of sexual prowess.  But now, as he thought about how Ken moved,
it was obvious that the man had other skills.  Take the stunt with the dart. 
Hell, Ken had barely even glanced at the target, then hit it dead center while
staring at Knife.  Gary wasn't stupid, and figured that if Ken had those skills,
he had others.  He could be a very dangerous person to piss off.  For the first
time, Ken felt someone actually fear him, and found that he didn't like it.  Not
at all.
     
      	Too much shit was piling up, starting with the congressman's harassment. 
He was going to lose his business if that shithead wouldn't leave him alone. 
And now, on top of everything else, Annette was turning into some weird alien.
     
      	"Gary," said Ken, "do you remember Lea's kiss?"
     
      	Remember it?  Hell he couldn't forget it.  There was an echo of it every
time he kissed Annette.  Gary nodded.
     
      	"This is difficult, I know," said Ken.  "Are you still interested in
Lea?"
     
      	Gary looked back at him.  "Interested how?"

	He started to get himself together.  Ken had never made the least move
to indicate he was a violent person.  He could have handled the games with Knife
a lot differently, but he went right along with the game.  Well, mostly.
     
      	"Like, in who she is," replied Ken
     
      	"Don't you mean 'what'"?
     
      	"That too."
     
      	"She's the cause of all this, isn't she?"
     
      	Ken nodded as a shadow fell over the table.
     
      	"I want a rematch," said its owner.
     
      	"Not now, Knife," said Gary.  "Besides, you don't have a prayer."
     
      	"How about a little wager?" asked the big man, looking at Ken.
     
      	"Knife..." began Gary.
     
      	"Your name is Knife?" asked Ken.
     
      	"Yeah.  It's a nickname, 'cuz I like sharp metal things," grinned the
man.  "Now, how about that bet?"
     
      	Gary actually burst out laughing, and Ken knew he was remembering the
wagers he'd lost against him.
     
      	"Can you give us a minute?" asked Ken, "We're talking... business."
     
      	"No, no, that's okay.  Go beat Knife.  Have fun."  Gary said as he
started to rise.
     
      	"Gary," Ken said, "this is important."  He glanced at Knife and said,
"I'll take your bet, but Gary and I need to finish up, alright?"
     
      	"You're on," said Knife who grinned and walked away.
     
      	"You didn't even ask what it was," said Gary.  "That wasn't smart, in
this place.  The guys have an interesting sense of humor here.  You might lose
even if you win."
     
      	"I'm sure I'll survive," he paused, unsure of how to restart the
conversation.
     
      	"So, about Lea," Gary prompted.
     
      	Ken sipped more beer and nodded.  "Yes.  You're right.  She is the cause
of all this.  I warned you that she ... changes people. "
     
      	"Yeah, but I didn't think you meant literally."
     
      	"I know.  And the changes aren't only physical.  Gary, you have to have
an open mind about this.  Otherwise, you're not going to believe a word I say."
     
      	"I'm listening."
     
      	Ken gave him a very brief overview of what had happened to him since
he'd met Lea.  He explained that she was a Goddess of a very old religion.  Ken
talked for almost an hour while Gary sat and listened.
     
      	"Either you're full of shit or you're not.  Given that I can see proof
of what you're talking about, I'm inclined to give you the benefit of the doubt. 
But it's still pretty hard to swallow."
     
      	"I know, believe me, I know.  Life has gotten very complex in the last
few months.  Why don't you come back to the mansion and stay the weekend?  We
really need to talk to Annette, who is freaking out because of what's happening
to her.  You're her solidity, and if you abandon her, she's going to have a very
hard time of it."
     
      	"I wouldn't abandon Annette," protested Gary.
     
      	"I hope not."  Ken stood, "It's time I got out of here.  Will you come
back with me?" he said offering his hand.
     
      	Gary took it as he stood and shook it firmly.  "You might be crazy,"
said the man, "but you're still a good guy.  Why don't you go beat Knife so we
can get out of here?"
     
      	Ken walked up to where Knife was waiting for him.
     
      	"What's the bet?" he asked.
     
      	"A blowjob," replied Knife with a grin.
     
      	That took Ken by surprise.  Everybody broke out laughing at Ken's
confusion.
     
      	"Yeah, you gotta look out for old Knife.  He likes sticken' his cock
into anything warm and wet, don't much matter who," said one guy in a greasy
tee-shirt.
     
      	"Or what," quipped someone.
     
      	Knife grinned and said, "Of course, I don't give blowjobs.  If you get
lucky enough to win, you get yours from one of these girls."
     
      	Ken looked at the women.  None of them pinged his radar, so to speak,
and he found only one of them to be attractive.  A short, somewhat heavyset
blonde woman with small breasts.  She saw Ken checking her out and grinned.
     
      	"Fine," he said.  "You picked the terms, I pick the game."
     
      	Knife thought for a moment, then said shrugged.  "Sure.  But this time
you gotta use skill, not luck.  Every shot gets called."
     
      	"Agreed," replied Ken.  "Around the world.  I don't have a lot of time
and it shouldn't take too long.  Also, you run until you miss, and I go first."
     
      	"Pushy little bastard," said someone from the crowd.  Knife was still
confident, so he nodded.  He almost never missed, and so figured that as soon as
Ken did, he was in.  That bulls-eye thing had to have been luck.
     
      	Ken's first throw hit the triple twenty, the next a triple seventeen and
the next a triple fourteen.  As he walked to retrieve his darts, Knife began to
think that he might not get his shot.   Ken did miss, once, but he'd gotten far
enough that Knife couldn't catch up.  By the time that Ken dropped a second dart
in the double bull, the whole bunch of them were laughing and cheering him on. 
Even the blonde was grinning.
     
      	"Sorry, Knife, I don't much like the taste of cum.  Well, guy cum
anyway," said Ken, retrieving his darts.
     
      	Knife was very surprised.  Rarely had he been beaten so soundly.
     
      	"Like you," smiled Ken, "I love edged weapons.  I used to play a lot of
darts."
     
      	Then the crowd started chanting, "Blow job, blow job, blow job!"
     
      	The blonde tossed her hair as she became the center of attention, knelt
at Ken's feet and started undoing his shorts.  Ken was surprised, even though he
shouldn't have been.  He seriously considered begging off, but knew that being
accepted here meant he should really let her suck his dick.  While everyone
watched.  As she released his thick organ, which rapidly rose to the occasion,
there were a number of catcalls and some clapping.
     
      	"Guess you got your work cut out for you, eh, Kelly?"
     
      	"Yeah," joked another guy, "looks like she's finally gonna get some real
meat, instead of that worm Knife calls a cock."
     
      	Knife grinned and said, "You didn't complain the last time I reamed your
asshole with it."  His voice went up an octave, "Ooo, Knife -- it's too big!"
     
      	The banter went on while Kelly gave him a pretty good blow job.  Ken,
being in tune with her, knew how to make the experience pleasant for her as well
and grabbed her hair, holding it while he came in her mouth.  When he finished,
Kelly tilted her head back, showing everyone his load, then made a big show of
swallowing, while everyone clapped.  Ken put himself away so he could get out of
there.
     
      	Knife put is massive paw out, and Ken clasped it.  "You're alright,"
said the man. 
     
      	"Thank," said Ken.  "Keep practicing.  Maybe next time I'll bring my
wife along.  I bet she'd love to give you a blow job in the middle of a bar."
     
      	On the walk back to the shop, Gary was pretty pensive.   When they
arrived, they found Annette kneeling, waiting for them.  Or rather Gary.  She
was paying no attention to Ken at all.  She quickly bent and put her forehead on
the floor.  She was naked, and Ken felt Gary's desire for her rise.  He also
felt how deeply he loved this woman.  Gary sat down on the floor and pulled her
into his lap, brushing away the tears from her face.  Ken slipped out the door
and headed home.
     
      	When he arrived home, the girls were back from their trip, but Eric and
Bill had gone out -- apparently for some computer hardware, then to stop off to
see Eric's dad.
     
        	"So, how did everything go?" asked Ken.
       
        	"Fine," replied Jane.  "I think we ended up getting clothes that
were a little more racy than what Tina usually wears.  Ari seemed to handle
things well, Sally had a good time and Genie?  Well, she's discovering more of
her power."
       
        	"Oh?"
       
        	"Yup," grinned Jane.  "I was able to follow a little fantasy she
had of a couple of guys in one of the stores.  They were in there, getting stuff
for their girlfriends, and Genie asked if they'd like her to model the panties. 
One of them said that'd be fine, if that's all she was going to wear, and the
next thing I know, she's got both of them pulled into a fantasy.  Anal/vaginal
DP is something she really likes.  Apparently, so did the guys."
       
        	Ken grinned.  So, Genie liked the whole DP thing, eh?  Well, no
worries there -- he was sure they'd be able to help her out.
       
        	"How did Tina do?"
       
        	"Tina spent a bunch of time with four Priestesses.  She almost
spontaneously came several times.  Ari was having a bit of difficulty, because
Tina was teasing her brains out.  On purpose.  Tina is actually trying to seduce
her sister."
       
        	"Genie doesn't really know what's going on with herself yet, and
I don't know that she'll accept us when she does," said Ken.  "How did Ari
handle everything?"
       
        	"It'd be better if she just gave in.  That way you could train
Tina as a Domme, and she could play with Ari."
       
        	"I don't think that'd be the smartest move.  At least, not right
now.  I rather doubt that, fantasies aside, Tina is ready for that kind of sex
play.  She doesn't know anything at all about it."
       
        	"I wouldn't be so sure of that, Master," said Jane.  "And
considering her fantasies, Ari's not her only target."  Jane grinned and
continued, "She's got it for you just as bad."
       
        	Ken shook his head as his naked wife padded out to the pool. 
After seeing that just she and Tina were out there, he decided to spend some
time in the study.  Especially when he saw that Tina was only wearing a very
small thong with no top.

	Gary and Annette arrived around six to stay for the weekend.  They were
introduced to Tina, and Ken explained that she'd be living here now.  Gary
noticed that all the women except Tina were nude, and that she had remained
topless.  He thought that it was a little odd that a fifteen year old would do
that.  Ken could have told him that Tina was in the first blush of an
exhibitionist phase. 
       
        	Ken also noticed that Ari acted the way she normally did around
Annette, kissing her deeply when she arrived and often being near her.  He
watched Tina watch them and eye Annette as if she was a rival for her sister's
attentions.  Tina also looked surprised when she saw that Annette was unshaven
under her arms.  She frowned when the two of them disappeared for a half hour. 
At least Ari had remembered to ask for Gary's permission first.
       
        	When dinner was over, Ken, Gary, Annette, Jane, Genie and
Arianwen retired to the study and shut the doors.  It was time for some
explanations.
        
         End Chapter 47




Avatar
Chapter 48

      	After everyone was comfortable, Ken stood and looked at them.  Then he
focused on Annette.
     
      	"Annette, do you wish to worship the Goddess?"
     
      	Annette looked startled; this wasn't what she was expecting.  Gary had
promised her that some answers about how she was feeling would be forthcoming.
     
      	"Yes," she said, confusion tingeing her voice.  "But what does that have
to do with anything?"
     
      	"Because we worship a specific Goddess.  Her name is Lea."
     
      	Ken could feel both Genie and Annette begin processing all the weirdness
that had occurred during the ritual.  Since they'd never been to one before,
they'd had no idea of what to expect.  But, now that they thought about it,
having someone just appear in front of them was more than just a little odd.
     
      	Ken spent the next hour connecting the dots for them.  He could feel
Gary struggling to accept what he was saying, his knowledge of what was
happening to Annette and the things he'd seen these people do, conflicting with
his version of reality.
     
      	"So it's your choice," he finished up.  "You can continue to worship
with us.  But you don't have to."
     
      	"What is your place in all this?" asked Genie.
     
      	Ken sighed.  He had explained what he knew of how their abilities worked
and what the rules were -- the few that seemed well defined.  But he hadn't gone
into the hierarchy at all, and even his wives didn't know what all of his
talents were.  He'd decided lately that developing a moral code dealing with his
ability to actually read thoughts was important -- even if he was the only one
with that particular skill.
     
      	"I'm Lea's High Priest and Avatar.  Jane and Arianwen are High
Priestess.  Sally and Eric are Priest and Priestess.  You two would be priestess
also, should you choose to continue with us."
     
      	"What happens if we decided we don't want to be a Priestess?" asked
Annette.
     
      	Ken shrugged, "No big deal.  Things will go on as they were before. 
Unless you're talking about not worshiping at all, in which case the abilities
you're developing would fade in short order.  If you decide you want to worship,
but don't want to be a Priestess, you'll still have certain abilities -- at
least that's what Lea told me.  And these are not life long choices, for the
most part.  I mean, I doubt you can see-saw back and forth between being a
Priestess and a Follower.  But if you are a Priestess and want to leave, you'll
always be free to go.  I suspect that you would not be as free to return."
     
      	There was silence and Jane spoke up.  "You don't have to decide now. 
This is all very strange, I know.  I mean, it hasn't even been two months since
Lea came to us."  She shook her head, "It seems like it's been a long time, but
it really hasn't.  And we don't have all the answers either.  Lea is somewhat
mischievous.  She likes for us to discover things on our own."
     
      	Annette stood and looked at them.  "I need a little time," she said.
     
      	Arianwen, who had managed to stay near the woman -- mostly curled in her
lap, stood as well and gave her a hug and a kiss.
     
      	"You take the time you need.  We'll be here and accept what you want no
matter what your decision," she said.
     
      	"Thank you," said Annette.  She turned and left.  Genie said she wanted
to take a walk and left as well, followed by Jane, Ari and Sally.
     
      	"Where does that leave me?" asked Gary.
     
      	"The same place I was when Sally was brought in," said Eric.  "At fist,
I wanted in because of Sally, but Lea told me I wasn't making the decision for
the right reasons."
     
      	"But you're in now," returned Gary.
     
      	"Yeah," returned Eric.  "But it took a whole hell of a lot of soul
searching."
     
      	"What about your kid?"
     
      	"Lea said children are just as free to choose Her path as any other,"
said Ken.  "Having a child grow up here is going to be a challenge.  We'll be
butting heads with social conventions from the word go and there's bound to be a
number of issues that will crop up from time to time."
     
      	One of the number of things, he was sure, was going to be how to handle
sexual interactions in a household like this with a child around.  He remembered
the vision he'd had of a ten-year-old Christine standing before him, obviously
aroused despite her young age and obviously challenging him about something. 
Hell, he was none too sure about Tina either, but felt sure that fifteen was not
the problem that ten was when it came to sexual exploration.
     
      	They were silent for a moment, then Gary said, "Annette's gonna lay this
on me, isn't she?"
     
      	"What do you mean?" asked Eric.
     
      	"She's going to want Gary to decide what she should do," said Ken. 
"Actually though, I'm willing to bet that won't happen."
     
      	Gary snorted, "Another one of your bets?"
     
      	Ken chuckled.  "Not in so many words.  Gary you are so central to her
life that there's little doubt you'll factor heavily in her decision.  If you
don't like this, or can't deal with it, well, that's going to effect her
decision.  But if you're really against it, she walk in a heartbeat."
     
      	"I want what's best for her," said Gary firmly.
     
      	"Who's to say what's best?" asked Ken.
     
      	Gary looked at him in surprise.  "What do you mean, who's to say what's
best?  Didn't you just spend the last hour telling her how great this whole
thing is?"
     
      	"Great for us doesn't automatically mean it's great for everyone," Ken
replied.  "I mean, you're having trouble with some asshole because his daughter
chose a different lifestyle than he wanted for her.  He's abusing his power.  We
don't want to do that.  Granting a fantasy here and there, showing people things
in a different light is one thing.  Fucking over someone because you don't like
the way they live is a whole other ball of wax.  Our lifestyle isn't for
everyone and I'd be the last one to force it on anyone."
     
      	"So you meant when you said?  If she decides not to be a Priestess
you'll still have us a friends."
     
      	Ken looked at him like he was an alien.  "Of course.  We really like you
guys.  Hell, even if you didn't want to spend time in the dungeon with us,
you're still really cool to hang out with."
     
      	"Ari'd be disappointed if she didn't get to have sex with Annette
though," said Eric in a light hearted tone.
     
      	Gary grinned, "Yeah, she really likes Annette."
     
      	Ken woke up when Genie entered the room the next morning.  He was
unsurprised by her presence, but he was surprised by her actions.  She was
naked, as usual, but the thing that surprised him the most was that she only
entered the room and stopped moving.  When he opened his eyes, he saw her
kneeling on the floor with a calm look on her face.  She felt... at peace.  And
horny -- very horny.
     
      	Arianwen had gotten up early and was in the lab again, and Jane was
still asleep.  Ken smiled at Genie and she quietly joined him in bed.  It didn't
take Jane long to wake up and they spent a very satisfying hour making love.
     
      	"I take it this means, " said Ken to Genie, who was laying on her back
between Jane and him while they recovered, "that you'd like to join us?"
     
      	"Yes, Master Ken," said Genie.
     
      	A half hour later Ken, Ari and Jane were in the dojo practicing.  He
even ended up sparring with them a little, admiring the play of muscles under
their shining skin.  Both gave a good accounting of themselves and Ken was
pleased.  He was still uncomfortable teaching them, but he knew that he was
qualified to do so considering the level they were currently at.  For himself,
all he had to do was compare his movements with Sensei's and knew that he had a
long way to go.
     
      	Ari and Annette were downstairs when he got there after showering.  As
usual, Ari was close to Annette, but not quite in her lap.  Ken suspected Ari
was holding back because Tina was there.   He kissed the women thoroughly; Tina
looked at him with a shy smile so he kissed her as well -- just a soft touch of
his lips on hers.  She blushed as her nipples rose -- something that was easy to
see since she was topless.
     
      	"Good Morning, Master Ken," said Annette.
     
      	Ken saw Tina's look of confusion and Annette immediately realized what
she'd said.  Ken just smiled at Annette and shook his head to let her know there
was no problem.  Tina was going to have to get used to the way things were done
here.  If she didn't ping his radar so strongly, or if she was freaking out,
that'd be one thing.  But she was sitting there almost as naked as the other
women and was quickly overcoming any inhibitions she'd had.  Having read the
girl, he knew that she had damn few inhibitions -- just no experience.
     
      	"You're looking well today," said Ken.  "Where's Gary?"
     
      	Ari giggled and smirked.  "Still in bed.  I think he's a little tired
from last night."
     
      	Annette actually blushed from that comment.  Tina said nothing but
watched everything.  Jane came downstairs a minute later and kissed everyone,
including Tina.  Despite the fact that she didn't use any tongue, her kiss to
Tina was so submissive that both Ari and Annette almost groaned.  Tina's nipples
got even harder and her skin darkened.  Her scent was evident to everyone.
     
      	"Jane," Ken admonished.
     
      	"Yes Master?" returned his slave in an oh-so-innocent tone.
     
      	Ken shook his head and left the room while Tina followed him with wide
eyes. 
     
      	Annette found him in the Garden a short while later.  She knelt to him
and said, "Will you accept me as a Priestess Master Ken?"
     
      	Ken squatted in front of her, smiling.  "Yes, if you'll remember a few
things.  I'm not your Master when we're speaking of the Circle -- which is how
we refer to the Priests and Priestess.  Don't kneel to me as my Priestess.  Lea
doesn't require it and neither do I."
     
      	"Yes Master Ken."
     
      	He sighed and shook his head, then pulled her to her feet and kissed
her.
     
      	"I take it you and Gary worked everything out?"
     
      	Annette nodded.  "It was a little difficult at first.  I think he's
still not sure that all this is really happening.  But he wants me to be happy,
and I really want this.  He's given me his full support to take this path where
ever it leads me."
     
      	Then she smiled, a shy sort of smile that was full of happiness.  "He
asked me a lot of questions about Paganism and our sect in particular."
     
      	"Oh?"
     
      	Annette nodded, her eyes glowing. "It's not like I had a lot of answers
to give him.  But he's very curious."

	Ken knew that she had a feeling that Gary would, at some point, be
joining them.  Ken had that feeling as well, but considered it a possibility,
rather than the certainty that Annette thought it was.  Of course, she knew him
much better, so perhaps she was right in her certainty.
     
      	"During our next ritual, you'll be formally dedicated.   Where we go
from there will be up to you."
     
      	"What do you mean?" she asked.
     
      	"Once you're dedicated, you'll have access to certain things -- like the
money that's set aside for the Circle.  You'll be able to move in here, if you'd
like, not that you have to wait to dedicate for that."  He paused for a second. 
"One of the things that Lea wants is craftsmen -- the best we can get.  The
jewelry that you make certainly qualifies.  Perhaps we can find other outlets
for your stuff other than Gary's shop.  Or not.  The choice is yours."
     
      	"Oh," said Annette.  Clearly these were things she hadn't thought of. 
That was no surprise since it was only recently that Ken, realizing that he had
to have some sort of organization in the household, had started thinking of
himself.
     
      	"Yeah," he continued.  "One of the things I need to do is sit down with
Ellen, Kim and Larry and set up more of a financial structure.  Currently we
have a lot of money -- through some oddity that we still haven't tracked down,
the Mansion is financially self sustaining.  But as the Circle grows, we need to
find ways to preserve the capital that we have, and grow it so that we don't
have to work.  Lea told me at the beginning of all this that she didn't want her
chosen to be distracted by working at jobs they didn't like.  She arranged for
me to win a rather substantial lottery.  I don't know what other things she'll
do to help sustain us or whether that was considered the kick off and now we
need to continue on our own."  He sighed, "There's just so much I don't know."
     
      	Annette smiled and gave him a hug.  "We'll figure everything out," she
said.
     
      	"Oh," said Ken, "I thought I'd mention that if you decide you want to
live here,  it goes without saying that Gary would be welcome as well."
     
      	"Thank you, Master Ken," said the woman.  "I think he's awake now, so I
should go see him."
     
      	Ken decided to take a walk on the grounds of the mansion.  He realized
that he really hadn't visited very much of the land they owned.   He was
thinking about how they'd maintain the money that they currently had in a way
that would make it grow.  Perhaps he could invest in some business or something. 
Ellen and Kim had already invested some of the money, but those investments had
been made on the assumption that it would be just three of them.  Now there were
seven of the Circle and he knew there would be others.
     
      	It was hot by the time he wandered back to the house and he was looking
forward to a dip in the pool.  He dove in and swam around for a few minutes,
enjoying the cool water.  There was another splash a few seconds after he went
under -- Tina had joined him.
     
      	When he surfaced, she let out a little squeak.
     
      	"Ohmygod!  I didn't realize anyone was out here," she said.
     
      	"Actually, I'm surprised that no one is out here," Ken replied.
     
      	He knew that Genie, Annette, Gary and Eric were in the playroom.  They
were having a very good time of it.  While showing Tina the house, they had
avoided showing her the dungeon, so she had no idea that it existed.  He got out
of the pool and casually pulled on his shorts.  He knew Tina was watching him
the whole time and that her state of mind was anything but calm.  She wanted to
talk. 
     
      	She also wanted to have sex, preferably with something other than her
own hand, but had no idea how to go about bringing up the subject.  Especially
since he and Ari were her main interests.  Not that she would have turned down
anyone else -- exactly.  Ken could tell that she'd made a decision about her
virginity, but he had no idea what it was.  Again, he could have found out, but
didn't want to invade her privacy.
     
      	Tina was still in the pool, her arms resting on the ledge as Ken
arranged himself in one of the lounges close to the water.
     
      	"Can I ask you a few things?" asked Tina.
     
      	"Of course," replied Ken not opening his eyes.
     
      	There were so many things she wanted to start with, her surface thoughts
were all whirling around, a confused mass.  Finally, she decided on a question.
     
      	"Why did both Jane and Annette called you Master?"
     
      	Ken opened his eyes to look at the girl.  "Relationships here are...
complex." he started.
     
      	"I'd guessed.  From the way you all kiss each other I couldn't tell
who's with who," replied Tina.  "And from the way you talked before we got here,
I was thinking that it'd be a non stop orgy around here."
     
      	Ken chuckled.  "You're here on an off weekend." 
     
      	Tina's eyes widened.  "Wait, you mean that you really do have ...
orgies?"
     
      	"Perhaps we should go back to your first question," replied Ken.  Tina
said nothing, so he continued.  "First, let me ask you something though.  What
do you know about BDSM?"
     
      	"BDSM?  Nothing, I guess.  I don't even know what that means."
     
      	Ken launched into an explanation of what the letters meant, followed by
a short description of a Master/slave relationship.  He stressed that the M/s
relationship had many meanings and was handled in many different ways.  He
explained that both Jane and Annette were slaves -- primarily sex slaves --
which meant that they'd given over their bodies for their Master to use for
their mutual sexual pleasure. 
     
      	He explained that there were many levels of commitment, and that no one
was forced to do anything.  He wasn't prepared to go into the complexities of
the M/s relationship where a slave *is* forced to push her limits and go beyond
them, thus creating new limits.  But he did explain limits.
     
      	"So wait," said Tina, "You mean that Jane basically gave her body to you
and you can do whatever you want with it?  As long as you don't do certain
things?"
     
      	"That's a pretty big oversimplification, but yes.  Also, Jane is
somewhat special when it comes to this kind of relationship."
     
      	"Special how?" asked Tina.
     
      	Ken explained that Jane was a masochist and that she was literally
hardwired to experience pain and some levels of humiliation as extreme pleasure. 
By now Tina's body, despite being submerged in water all this time, was getting
overheated.  She needed to get to her bedroom and let her fingers do a little
walking.  But she wanted to continue the conversation too.  She decided that a
quick trip to the bathroom was in order.
     
      	"I need to um...  use the bathroom," she said as she began pulling
herself out of the water.
     
      	Then she remembered that her bikini bottoms were over by her towel.  Ken
was unable to keep from following her thoughts about her current situation. 
She'd been up in her room and very horny, but rather than relieve herself, she'd
decided to go on a tiny adventure.  Some nude swimming.  And if she got caught,
well, that was life.  Once down here, she'd stripped off the bottoms and dove in
the pool so quickly that she hadn't noticed he was already in it.
     
        	But now she was very hot and bothered and someone had caught her
-- so to speak.  Her horniness overrode her modesty and she pulled herself out
anyway, displaying her naked body to someone for the first time.
     
      	Ken unabashedly admired her form as she stood there for a second, then
turned and quickly headed for the bathroom.  Like her sister, she had very large
nipples, but her breasts were much larger than Ari's admittedly flat chest. 
Tina was at least a B cup, but like her sister, her frame was very lithe and
slender.  Her legs were sleekly muscled, her tummy perfectly flat and her hips
just starting to widen.  She evidently shaved her lower lips, because she had a
thin, triangular patch of dark red pubic hair on her mons, but everything else
was clean.
     
      	Ken admired the rear view as Tina headed for the bathroom.  Her
shoulders were a little wide, and her form narrowed quite a bit at her waist
before widening slightly at her hips.  Her ass was tight and she had a slight
gap at the top of her thighs that allowed her swollen sex to be very visible. 
She had no idea that she was as much on display from the back as she was from
the front.
           
      	He was able to feel the flow of emotions from the girl as she brought
herself off in the bathroom in the pool house.  Her fantasy was a confused
mixture of Ken holding her down and taking her virginity and her riding
Arianwen's face with her sister's nipple rings held in her sharply pulling
fingers.
     
      	She came hard and reappeared moments later.  It occurred to her lust
drenched mind a little too late that with her lips shaved as they were, the fact
that she was swollen and very wet was obvious to anyone that cared to look.  Ken
cared to look.
     
      	Blushing, she dove into the pool and swam back to Ken.
     
      	"Where were we?" she asked, trying to calm herself.
     
      	Ken thought she was doing remarkably well.  Here she was, just fifteen
and completely naked in front of an older male.  Of course, she had no idea that
he though she was too young to be having sex -- with him, anyway.  Someone
closer to her age should take her virginity.  He could have sworn that he heard
a giggle in the back of his mind at that moment...
     
      	"We were talking about Jane,"  he said.
     
      	"Right."  She looked at him as a thought occurred to her.  "Wait, you
never answered my question the other day."
     
      	"Which one was that?" asked Ken innocently.
     
      	"The one about my sister.  Are you, um sleeping with her?"
     
      	"Yes."
     
      	Tina blinked thinking that he was going to avoid the question again. 
His simple affirmation left her without a follow up question.
     
      	"So she's not a virgin," said Tina.
     
      	"No."
     
      	More thinking.  "You said that people were, how did you put it, 'casual
about sex' around here.  Has she slept with anyone else?"
     
      	"You'll have to ask her that question," replied Ken.
     
      	Tina smiled and pushed back from the pool edge to tread water a little.
     
      	"If you'd like, I can give you access to some of the files I have on the
computer.  They contain stories that illustrate various types of BDSM
relationships.  While the stories themselves might not be realistic, the
interaction between the characters shows a healthy attitude toward this
lifestyle."  He didn't say anything about the pictures that he'd give her access
to as well.  He was sure she'd find them, given the opportunity.
     
      	"That'd be cool.  All of the computers that I have access to block all
kinds of web sites.  One of my friends was telling me about a cool medical site
that gave answers to, um... well certain questions dealing with girl stuff.  It
was blocked from the library and school.  Of course, we didn't have a computer
at home -- Mom thought they were evil."
     
      	"They are evil if you want to keep people from getting certain types of
information," replied Ken.  "But using the net is sort of like walking in a very
large city.  You can meet some great people and you can meet some very dangerous
people.  Likewise some information is quite good and some is completely wrong --
with every variation in-between." 
     
      	They seemed to be at an impasse.  She wanted to know more about her
sister, but she also wanted the promised computer files and to spend some
quality time in her bedroom.  But Ken had made it quite clear that he wasn't
going to discuss her sister's sexual activities.  Ken waited until she came to a
decision.
     
      	"How about you go through some of the info that I'm going to give you,
then if you want to, we'll talk again," said Ken.
     
      	"OK," she said watching him stand up.  She was torn between the
embarrassment of getting out of the pool and letting him see her naked again and
the arousal that the embarrassment caused. 
     
      	Ken spared her from making the decision by getting up and going into the
house.  On his way in, he said, "Oh, by the way -- none of the computers here
are blocked."
     
      	In the study he transferred the files over to the directory that Bill
had set up for the girl.  Grinning to himself, he made sure to add some pictures
that were sure to get Tina's attention.
     
      	A while later, they were all sitting down to dinner.  Well, some of
them, anyway.  Gary had decided that his slave should kneel and be fed.  This
made Tina very uncomfortable, but only because she couldn't decide if it would
be better to be feeding Annette or being fed by Gary.  She watched their
interaction very carefully and noted that her sister was also paying a bit of
attention to them.  Especially Annette.  Arianwen was very attracted to her, but
Tina couldn't tell why.  Then, at once point, Annette lifted her arm to put her
hand on her... Master, and Ari's eyes landed on the thin patch of dark hair
under Annette's arm.  Tina's eyes narrowed for a second, then she smiled a
little.
     
      	Ken watched this interplay between his young wife and her sister.  Of
course, Ari was aware of her sister's interest, but she was doing an excellent
job of ignoring it.  He suspected that Tina wasn't going to let Ari get away
with that for ever.
     
      	He was right, although Tina started her seduction of her sister in a way
that he hadn't anticipated.  Annette, Gary, Ken, Jane and Ari were sitting
around outside, enjoying the evening, when Tina came out with a blue jar.
     
      	"Sis, could you put some of this on me?  I think that I got a little too
much sun," said Tina in an innocent voice.
     
      	No one in the Circle was fooled by her tone, and Ari wouldn't have been
either, if she weren't trying so hard not to block Tina out.
     
      "Sure," replied Ari only glancing at her, "lay down."
     
      	Tina lay down, her naked body bonelessly draped over the lounge.  Ari's
breath caught at the sight -- her sister was truly beautiful.
     
      	Carefully, Arianwen scooped a bit of Noxima out of the jar, the powerful
scent filling the area, and began smoothing it onto her sister's shoulders and
upper back.  If Tina had only known the full effect she was having on her
sister, she most likely would have just rolled over and grabbed Ari, pulling her
into a deep kiss, but she really had no idea.
     
      	Each time Ari stroked Tina's skin, she soaked in the soft feel of the
girl; the warmth, the smoothness but most of all, a raw blast of sexual energy
that Ari couldn't really fend off.  If she'd wanted to, she might have been able
to deflect it, but deep down she wanted Tina -- badly.  Tina was blazing with
sexual need and the physical contact between them gave all that energy a pathway
directly into Arianwen's body, causing it to respond as it had been modified to
do.
     
      	Arianwen bit her lip as her nipples hardened and her pussy flowered open
and began to ooze her nectar.  Tina couldn't actually smell the pheromones that
Ari was producing, but she could smell the scent of her pussy and the
combination sure as hell had an effect on her.  She wiggled and purred her
pleasure and Ari applied the cream over her back.  Finally, hands trembling, Ari
stood up.
     
      	"There you go," she said, her voice somewhat faint.
     
      	Tina, now very aroused, rolled over onto her back and tried to get
control of herself.  She hadn't expected to be effect like this!  Ken smiled at
the interplay, thinking that playing sexual games with a Priestess had it's
price.
     
      	"That feels a lot better now, thanks," said Tina standing up.  She was
too dazed to realize what a sight she presented.  Her firm breasts were now a
bit swollen and capped by diamond hard nipples.  Her face was flushed and her
own sex had gotten wet enough that the inner lips were shining and exposed.  The
girl headed back inside.
     
      	Gary and Annette had watched the whole episode with interest, as had Ken
and Jane -- although the conversation had never stopped.  Ari sat down heavily
on the lounge her sister had just vacated and tried to get control of herself. 
Gary nodded to Annette, who got up and knelt at the teen's feet.
     
      	When she put one hand on Ari's thigh, the other girl flinched, then
focused on Annette and smiled.  Annette was a safe outlet for the storm of
desire that ravaged her brain.  Annette smiled and took both of Ari's nipple
rings in her fingers and pulled.  The movement was sudden and painful and Ari
had a shocked look on her face as a powerful orgasm shook her body.
     
      	Annette let go, then slid her fingers between Arianwen's legs, scooping
up some of the thick moisture.  She put it to her lips and sucked, letting the
spicy taste flow over her tongue.  In a move that shocked the hell out of Ken,
she grabbed the teen's hair and pulled her head back far enough to make her back
arch.  Then she leaned close and said in a clear voice, "You shouldn't torture
yourself Ari.  That's your Master's job."
     
      	Ari was panting and trembling slightly from Annette's actions.  The
older woman let her go and walked back to her Master.  It was clear that she too
was very aroused.
     
      	"Ari love," said Ken, "I think you've gotten Annette a bit hot and
bothered.  Why don't you help her out?"
     
      	The teen left the lounge and approached Annette who was now leaning with
her back against her master's front.  They shifted around a bit until Gary's
cock was deep in Annette's asshole and her legs were spread wide outside of his. 
Her arms were behind his head and his hands were roughly squeezing her breasts.
     
      	"Start at the top," growled Gary.
     
      	Ari kissed Annette deeply, then started licking and nibbling her ears
and neck.  She worked her way down, thoroughly licking under Annette's arms,
then down her sides.  She avoided the wet pussy, and returned north to lick and
bite the breasts and nipples that Gary's hands offered her. 
     
      	Eventually, she ended up at Annette's pussy and used her fingers to open
it wide.  One finger of each hand slid through one of Annette's pussy rings,
pulling it wide, as she toyed with the woman using her lips, tongue and teeth. 
Annette finally let go and came hard, grinding her ass down on the pole that was
invading it.  Gary ended up cuming hard as Annette's muscles milked his cock.
     
      	When Ari thought Annette was finished, she went to move away, but
Annette grabbed her head and held it to her cunt.  Within seconds she was
emptying her bladder in the slim girl's mouth.  Ari just groaned and sucked and,
eventually, when Annette was finished, oozed to the ground.
     
      	"Clean them up," ordered Ken, "then come over here so your husband and
wife can use you."
     
      	Arianwen started at Ken's tone of voice.  It was a tone he often used
with Jane, but rarely with her.  Ken felt more lust coil in her body.  She liked
being treated like this.
     
      	Gary's cock plopped out of Annette's ass and Arianwen's mouth was ready,
licking and sucking it clean.  She quickly moved to Annette's still distended
hole and slid her tongue deep.  Jane sucked Ken's cock while he enjoyed watching
his other wife pleasure Annette.  Finally he called Ari over and put her and
Jane in a sixty-nine with Jane crouching over the teen.
     
      	Ken slid is prick into Jane's tight, hot hole, and sighed in pleasure. 
He loved feeling her tunnel expand to accommodate him, and he loved the feelings
she emanated as her body coped with the pain of being entered.  Ken continued to
slide in and out of his wife, eyes closed as he absorbed the scene.
     
      	Ari had grabbed her wife's clit ring with her teeth and pulled, while
flicking her tongue over the swollen organ.  Jane sank her tongue into Ari's
cunt, licking and sucking on it.  She slid her tongue further down, licking
Ari's pink asshole and pushing her tongue into it.  Ari loved that and responded
by gripping Jane's clit directly in her teeth and biting.  The pain caused Jane
to cum hard, her slick tunnel grabbing Ken's cock like a vice.  He came only
seconds later.
     
      	Arianwen fastened her mouth to Jane's sex, sucking Ken's cum out of her. 
She then shared it in a passionate kiss with Jane. 
     
      	Sometime during their threesome, Gary and Annette had left to go back
upstairs.  Ken and Jane sat on the lounge while Ari lay at their feet panting.
     
     	 Eventually, they went upstairs to sleep.

End Chapter 48




Avatar

Chapter 49

      	Monday was catch-up day for Ken.  He started it off in his dojo, with
Ari and Jane, then gave Sandy a call to see if she wanted to ride, since he'd
missed the ride yesterday.  She was all for it.  Joan called too, shyly asking
if they were interested in having her come over again.  He assured her they were
very interested. 
     
      	Today's class was small and he ended up working with the Sensei one on
one.  For some reason, this annoyed the crap out of Chad, but Ken was getting
tired of his attitude and couldn't have cared less.  Ken was still relearning
the skills, but it seemed more like he was just re-remembering them.   Each time
he was shown something else, the movement seemed very familiar and comfortable. 
Sensei even showed him some things that Ken was sure he hadn't been taught
before, yet those movements stayed with him as well.
     
      	He left feeling well satisfied and called to see if Ellen and Kim had a
few moments.  He arranged a meeting with them where he discussed his concerns
about the household money.  They assured him that, even in the short time they'd
had, the seed money they'd invested was doing well.  The amount he could pull,
based on their estimates, and not touch the principle was astounding.
     
      	They, in turn, had some questions for him about the ritual that the
Circle had the last time they were there.  Ken picked up on the fact that they
were interested and smiled as he realized that there was a strong possibility
that they, too, would be part of the Circle.  Ellen did a little fishing,
wondering about the possibilities of some playtime in the upcoming weekend.  Ken
explained that they had a new addition to the household and that he wanted to
feel her out to see what her reaction to a full-out play party would be.  While
he was determined that he wasn't going to change how the Circle lived, he did
want to ease into things.  He also mentioned that since the playroom had a door,
that the party could mostly stay in there.
     
      	"If she's anything like Arianwen, keeping that stuff behind closed doors
will just piss her off," said Ellen.
     
      	Ken shrugged.  "It's tricky.  I don't want to scare her.  You have to
admit that what we do is definitely not standard sexual practice.  I'm sure that
I can speak to her, and the mansion's big enough that she can stay out of the
areas that we're playing in if things get too uncomfortable for her."
     
      	"You said she's fifteen," said Kim.
     
      	"Just."
     
      	"And that she was naked in the pool with you?"
     
      	"Yup."
     
      	Kim giggled.  "I don't think she's going to have a problem with a play
party."
     
      	Again, Ken shrugged.  "I'll call and let you know what's up."
     
      	On the way home, he started to think about Ellen and Kim.  He compared
them to the other women that he'd been around in these last weeks.  He'd played
out fantasies of a number of women and the only new one that he'd felt any pull
from was Tina.  So far, every person that he had felt the pull toward was
becoming interested in the Circle, which made him wonder where Tina would stand
with regard to a religion not her own.
     
      	Interesting.  And useful, considering that this was the beginning of 
the establishment of a new religion -- or the re-establishment of an old one,
depending on how you looked at it.  He recalled a recent fantasy he'd spun with
a random woman that he'd thought attractive.  It had been fun and quite heavy on
the BDSM.  She'd loved the daydream, but he'd had no interest in trying to make
more of it, which, if his line of reasoning was correct, meant she wouldn't be
Circle material.
     
      	When Ken got home, he relaxed at the pool while waiting to meet Sandy to
go riding.  Jane was very interested in hitting the trails as well and was
sunning with him.  As was Ari, Sally, Bill, Tina and Annette.  All of the women
were naked, including Tina. 
     
      	As usual, Ari was close to Annette, and Ken watched Tina watching them. 
There was no jealously, just determination in the girl's attitude.  She wanted
Ari, and she was determined to seduce her sister, even if she didn't quite know
how to go about it.  He caught Tina looking at him as well, when she thought he
wouldn't notice.  She had a smile on her face.  Jane, too, caught what was going
on and had a smile of her own.   Somehow, with all the looks and glances going
around, and all the lusty thoughts, the quiet afternoon by the pool wasn't
really all that quiet.
           
      	Bill, Ken noticed, was trying to figure out how to deal with another
beautiful redhead.  She was quite attractive, but he was sure, somehow, that she
was off limits.  Ken had noticed that the energy from Bill had changed -- he was
gaining some of the advantages that close association with someone from the
Circle evidently granted.  Which, in this particular case, made him horny as
hell since his sex drive was elevated.  When he shifted the second time to cover
his erection, no doubt wishing that Genie were here instead of at work, a naked
Annette and Arianwen approached.
     
      	Bill had flipped over and was trying to get control of himself,
squirming discreetly on the lounge, when Annette straddled it just in front of
his face.  Naturally, when he raised his head, he had a perfect view of her
ringed, spread pussy.  He would have gotten up in surprise, but Ari had
straddled his back, her wet, naked pussy pushed into his sun-warmed skin.  Ken
could feel his wife was acutely aware that her sister was watching everything. 
Annette openly started to message her clit while Ari leaned forward and
whispered something into Bill's ear.  In a short time, the three of them
disappeared into the house, leaving a very aroused Tina still laying in the sun.
     
      	"When are you going to take her, Master Ken?" asked Sally in a low voice
as she passed by him, heading inside with the baby.
     
      	"What?" he asked.
     
      	Jane grinned and so did Sally.  "It's obvious she wants you and your
other wife -- for starters, anyway.  How long are you going to make the poor
girl wait?"
     
      	"Sally, dear, don't make me spank you.  Fifteen is too young for me."
     
      	Sally burst out laughing, then said, "Master, you can spank me anytime. 
If your wife will hold the baby, you can do it right here, right now."  She
paused with a raised eyebrow.  When it was clear he wasn't going to take her up
on her offer, she continued.  "She's not going to wait for you forever.  If you
don't take her, she's going to come for you."  Sally walked back into the house
with a twitch of her hips.
     
      	Ken shook his head in disbelief.  He supposed that Tina would be
interested in him -- mainly because of the powers that he had.  But, really, she
should have sex with someone closer to her own age.  Maybe in a year or so she'd
be old enough, but at the moment, despite how horny and frustrated she was, she
was still a very inexperienced virgin.  He wondered if he should introduce her
to Karen.
     
      	A half-hour later, Arianwen returned and sat down by Ken.  She had taken
a quick shower, but Ken was seriously considering pulling her inside himself.  A
few minutes later, Tina flopped into a lounge beside him.   Her scent made it
difficult to not get an erection.  She smelled of clean sweat and sex.  Little
Tina was quite horny.
     
      	"Hello Master Ken," she said.  "I have some more questions for you."
     
      	Ken started at her use of 'Master', but Jane actually grinned.  Ari
looked at her sister curiously, but made no comment.
     
      	"Ask away.  But first, perhaps you could explain why you called me
'Master Ken'.  I wasn't aware that you had submitted to anyone.  Are you a
slave?"
     
      	Ari shuddered, and Jane just grinned wider as a flow of lust burst from
the fifteen-year-old.  Tina gripped the edges of the lounge and her breath
quickened, but she was sure no one knew how that simple statement affected her.
     
      	"I, ah ... no."  To her credit, Tina didn't flee, which the sudden surge
of lust made her want to do.  Visions of her being impaled by Ken invaded his
mind.  "But I noticed that Sally, Annette and Genie called you that.  Jane only
calls you Master.  Why is that?"
     
      	Arianwen was sweating and wanted to be anywhere but here, where she
couldn't avoid the lustful energy shining from her sister's oh-so-tempting body. 
She started to get up, but Jane laid a hand on her arm, so she stayed.  Ken
wondered what sort of pecking order -- if any -- the two of them had.  He
suspected that Ari still considered herself being slave-trained by her wife.
     
      	"The slaves here call the Doms by Master and Mistress.  They add names
when addressing someone other than their own Master or Mistress," he replied. 
"I should add that not all the women that come here are slaves."
     
      	"Who here is a Mistress?" asked Tina.
     
      	The only one here, at the moment, is you, thought Ken, if you only knew
it.  "I'm glad you brought that up," he said.  "Remember the orgies that you
were asking about?"
     
      	This time it was Tina's turn to blush and wiggle as her sister looked at
her with a raised eyebrow.  Tina quickly denied that she had asked the question.
"You were the one who said there were orgies here."
     
      	"Hmm," replied Ken.  "Did you read any of the files I sent you?"
     
      	Tina, still squirming a bit, nodded yes.  He wondered how she would
react if she knew that there was no way she could hide her arousal from them. 
It would, he decided, turn her on a great deal.
     
      	"This coming weekend," said Ken, "we were thinking of having a ... play
party.  Some folks that you know, and others that you don't, will be here.  Much
of the weekend will be devoted to BDSM play.  Since this could be awkward for
you, I wanted to get your thoughts on the matter."
     
      	"I don't understand," replied the girl.
     
      	Ken looked at her, commanding her attention, and said, "It will get
pretty intense around here, sexually speaking.  Many of the things that you read
about will actually be occurring.  The mansion is large enough for you to not
have to deal with it, though."
     
      	"Does this mean you want me to stay in my room or something?" she asked.
     
      	"No."
     
      	"Will I be expected to ... join in?" she asked half in fear and half in
hope.
     
      	"No," said Ken firmly.  "And there is a great deal of etiquette that you
and I will go over before the party starts."
     
      	"So I'm not allowed to join in," she stated, somewhat annoyed.
     
      	"I told you before that it's your body to do with as you please," said
Ken.
     
      	"I don't understand.  You just told me I couldn't join in," said Tina.
     
      	"What he said," said Jane, "was that you weren't *expected* to join in,
not that you couldn't."
     
      	That set the girl back. Tina was silent for a minute, then said, "Are
you going to be there, Ari?"
     
      	Arianwen was trying very hard not to freak out.  It was becoming clear
that her sister was about to find out that she was a sex slave.  The thought
wildly aroused Ari for reasons she was trying to ignore.  In her effort to avoid
the question, she made a mistake.
     
      	"If my Master wishes," she replied.
          
       	"Master?"  Tina's eyes narrowed, and she looked at her sister while
asking Ken, "Does that mean that my sister is a slave?"
     
      	Ari turned very red and trembled, embarrassment and dread flowing though
her body.  She said nothing and continued to lay there with her eyes closed,
trying to look completely unconcerned.
     
      	"Tina, we don't make judgments about what people do," said Ken in a very
no-nonsense tone.
     
      	"No!  I ... well, I didn't mean it was bad or anything.  Really, Ari, I
didn't," said Tina, her voice almost in a panic.
     
      	"It's okay," said Arianwen, giving up.  She got up and left and when
Tina would have followed her, Ken's voice stopped the girl.
     
      	"Tina," he said.  She froze and looked at him, the sharp tone in his
voice startling her.  "Sit down," he said in a softer voice.
     
      	Now that the girl was unsure of herself, the fact that she was naked
started to bother her.  But Ken's tone of voice kept her from leaving as he
spoke to her.
     
      	"Tina, I told you that things here are a little different than anywhere
else," he started.
     
      	"But I didn't mean anything!  I just thought it was really cool if she
was a slave."  The girl blushed but moved on quickly.  "I mean, it's not like I
couldn't tell that she likes girls -- she's been like, glued to Annette since
she got here, and I've seen how she kisses all the women here," except me, she
thought with pout.
     
     	"Tina," he interrupted as she took a breath.  "Arianwen has really gone
through a lot of changes since she left home.  More that you could know.  But
one thing that hasn't changed is her love for you.  She's very afraid that if
you found out she is a slave, that you won't respect her, and that she'd loose
your love."
    
     	There was more to it than that, but Tina had no idea just how intensely
her sister wanted her, and Ken wasn't going to clue her in.  Tina only knew that
the thought of sex with Arianwen made her knees weak, her nipples hard as stones
and got her pussy soaked every time she thought of it.  She got a very resolved
look on her face and said, "That's not going to happen.  I love my sister and
nothing's going to change that."
    
     	She got up and left the pool.  Ken looked at Jane and sighed.
    
     	"We may have to move Tina after all," he said.
    
     	"What?" said Jane in surprise.  "Master, I don't think that would be a
good idea at all.  You know she belongs here."
    
     	"Yes, she does, but she's driving Arianwen crazy.  Don't you think we
owe it to our wife to give her a little peace?"
    
     	"Master, if you tell Ari that her sister has to go, how do you think
that will make her feel?  She'll know it's because of her."
    
     	Ken sat for a moment, then said, "Tina's only fifteen.  I don't have a
problem with her having sex, but most everyone here, except Ari, is a lot older
than her.  And Ari has issues with having sex with her sister -- which is
understandable."
    
     	"Sir, I think it would be a big mistake to try and move Tina," replied
Jane.
    
     	Ken sighed, knowing she was right.  "It just hurts to see Ari so upset."
    
     	"What we really need is for Tina and Arianwen to sit down and have a
talk," said Jane firmly. 
    
     	Ken got the idea that Jane was going to do everything she could to
facilitate said 'talk' and wondered if he should ask her not to.  Still, Jane
saw things in a different light than he did, and her insight was valuable to
him.  If she thought the girls should be ... induced ... to talk to each other,
then perhaps she was right.  He would have let them come to that conclusion on
their own.

	Later that day, Jane, Ken and Bill met Sandy at the trail head and had a
fantastic ride.  Ken found it interesting that, stamina-wise, they were giving
Sandy a real run for her money.  Not only that, but his skill level had climbed
quite a bit.  Bill had always had fun on the bikes, but now he found himself
really pushing the edge in his riding.  Sandy found the entire ride very
exhilarating, which meant that she was very horny.
    
     	Eventually, they ended up at the same little stream where Ken, Jane and
Sandy had had sex for the first time.  Sandy, having learned that Jane was a
slave, looked a question at Ken, who just nodded.
    
     	"Strip off, Jane," said Sandy after they had all taken a drink of water.
    
     	Jane looked at her and blinked.  This was a surprise.  She looked at
Ken, who nodded.  Now she was very surprised, but that didn't keep her from
removing her clothes as quickly as she could; Sandy wasn't far behind. Bill and
Ken sat down to watch the show.

     	First, Sandy took Jane's sweat-soaked panties and picked them up.  While
she held them to her nose and mouth, Sandy ran her other hand over Jane's damp
body.
    
     	"God, these smell good," said Sandy.  She dropped those panties and
picked up her own.  "Ken, would it be ok if I used your slut?"
    
     	Ken blinked.  Apparently, Sandy had picked up on a lot more of the BDSM
play than he'd thought.  He grinned and nodded.  "Be my guest."
    
     	Bill was watching intently, and Ken could feel his arousal.  He could
also feel his surprise.  Ari and Annette had drained him pretty thoroughly at
the mansion, yet here he was ready and rarin' to go.
    
     	First, Sandy wiped the wet crotch of her own panties all over Jane's
face, especially her nose and mouth.  Jane was trembling with arousal from
Sandy's action.  Being used was something that she lived for.  Painful was the
way she preferred, but humiliation worked just fine.
    
     	"Do you like how I smell?" asked Sandy.
    
     	"Yes, Mistress," replied Jane.
    
     	"Do you want to taste my cunt?"
    
     	"Goddess, yes," replied Jane, her eyes blazing with lust.
    
     	"Open up," smiled Sandy. 
    
     	Jane did, and Sandy shoved her soaked panties into the other woman's
mouth. 
    
     	Sandy grabbed a fist full of the taller woman's hair and pushed her to
her knees.  She then rubbed her cunt over Jane's face, coating her lips and nose
with her copious discharge.  Next, she pushed Jane back onto the hot surface of
the rock.   Ken knew the heat burned her back and ass, but naturally that only
turned her on more.
    
     	Sandy took Jane's clothes and put them under her own knees, then
proceeded to lick and suck every part of Jane's body from neck to knees,
spending extra time licking the salty sweat between Jane's legs, at the base of
each breast, under her arms and in the hollow of her throat.  She didn't neglect
to pull and twist Jane's piercings, either -- especially the clit piercing,
which she was particularly rough with.  Jane's hips were humping the air, her
tight pussy squeezing a non-existent cock, as she got closer and closer to
orgasm.  Sandy didn't let her have one, though.
    
     	"Slave!  Don't you dare cum," warned the woman, who didn't help matters
at all by harshly slapping each of Jane's firm breasts several times.
    
     	Ken was quite surprised by Sandy's behavior. Her actions had come so far
out of left field, that they'd taken even the Avatar in him by surprise.  She
*had* done a bit of the bondage thing the last party, but only as a sub.  He
knew she'd been at Arianwen's mercy for a time and loved it.  Ken wondered what
had flipped her switch today.  Oddly enough, felt very little of the push-back
effect he normally felt from a Dominant.  Mainly, he felt raging horniness from
the woman. 
    
     	Sandy pulled her panties out of Jane's mouth and squatted over her face.
    
     	"Open," she ordered. 
    
     	Jane immediately complied and was greeted by a torrent of urine as Sandy
thoroughly coated her face with piss.  Some went in her mouth, as well, and Jane
was in agony from her denied orgasm.  Sandy pulled Jane into a sitting position,
kicking her legs wide open.  She placed Jane's hands behind her back.  The rock
was burning the hell out of her ass and legs, but Jane didn't care.  Her body
was throbbing with need, and even the denial of an orgasm added to that need.
    
     	"Anyone interested in a fuck?" asked Sandy.  "I have three holes and you
guys have two cocks.  Seem's like it'll work."
    
     	Ken smiled and began removing his clothes, as did Bill.  "I've got no
problem with that."
    
     	"I don't care where you put those things, but at least one of them needs
to go in my ass," declared Sandy.
    
     	It was at this point that Ken really started to wonder what had gotten
into the woman.  He decided to take a look and was very surprised by what he
found, despite the simplicity of the answer. 

	Like Bill, Sandy had been spending a fair amount of time with the
Circle.  Like Bill, her sex drive had increased, and it had already been pretty
high.  Unlike Bill, she didn't have virtually unlimited access to a Priest or
Priestess, and the one guy she had recently had sex with -- one whom she used to
consider a good lover -- had been very unsatisfying.  Ken knew that if she
stayed away from them long enough, she'd go back to normal and be satisfied by a
normal lover.  But she saw them all more than enough for that not to be the
case.  This would bear some thinking on.
    
     	In the meantime, Bill had opted for Sandy's mouth, which left her other
hole for Ken.  After sliding into her wet slit several times for lubrication --
and she produced more than enough -- Ken eased into her asshole.  They
established a rhythm that had the woman cumming in a short amount of time.  She
pulled back a moment and looked sideways at Jane, enjoying the fact that the
slave was being forced to watch something she'd really rather participate in.
    
     	"Harder.  C'mon, I'm not gonna break."  She gagged a bit as Bill pushed
into her mouth a little deeper this time, then groaned as Ken shoved with a
little more force.  There was no way her body could take the kind of pounding
that a Priestess could, so he held back quite a bit rather than hurt her for
real.  Still, he was very thick and the rod splitting her asshole made her feel
every stroke.
    
     	She took Bill's cock out of her mouth again and said, "I want Bill to
cum in my pussy after you cum in my ass," she panted.  "I want him to fuck my
cunt while Jane sucks your dick after you cum, Oh... yeah, that feels goood!"
her voice went up as she came again, feeling Ken shooting deep in her bowels.
    
     	He pulled out and Sandy spun to face Jane to make her watch her lick
Ken's cock clean.  Bill moved to her pussy, and she came again, furiously
rubbing her clit while he pumped a load of sperm into her tunnel.  
    
     	When he finished, Sandy rose on very wobbly legs and pushed Jane to her
back again.  Jane hissed as the hot rock came into contact with her already sore
skin, then shivered in pleasure.  Sandy squatted over Jane's open mouth and did
her best to empty both loads of cum into her mouth, while pulling roughly on the
bars through Jane's thick nipples.  Finally, Sandy moved a bit, and began
playing with her clit.  "Stick your tongue in my ass while I cum.  A slut like
you should get off on sucking out your Master's cum while I frig myself."
    
     	Sandy had a final, apparently very satisfying cum, as the slave under
her complied completely with her orders.  She left Jane unfulfilled, though, and
simply got off the prone woman and rinsed herself in the stream.  When Sandy
finished, she proved that she had a larger bladder than Ken had thought by
coating Jane's body with more piss. 
    
      	"Rinse out your hair -- ONLY your hair -- then get dressed," said Sandy,
not allowing Jane the privilege of cleaning completely off.  "You don't need to
get completely washed.  I want you to be thinking of me on the ride back."
    
     	They laughed and joked on the way back, with Sandy enduring some gentle
teasing about her use of Jane, who was still soaked with Sandy's various fluids. 
Of course, Jane's lust was unabated and she wondered if her Master would keep
her in an unfulfilled state the entire week.  If so, she would endure it, and
happily.  Ken smiled while following her thoughts.
    
     	When they returned to the trail head, Sandy surprised everyone by giving
Jane a deep kiss while pressing their sweaty bodies together in a hug.
    
     	"Maybe this weekend you can return the favor," she said with a smile.
    
          	Bill had brought his own car so that he could go on campus and
take care of something in the lab, so they all split up and went their separate
ways.  Ken walked to the back of the X5 and removed a blanket from the back and
put it on the seat for Jane.  He noted his slave was still shaking with reaction
to her denied pleasure.  It wasn't that she was unused to being treated this
way, more that what Sandy had done had been so swift and unexpected that she had
been taken very much by surprise.
         
            "That was certainly unexpected," he said.
    
     	"Yes, Master," said Jane, who didn't have the ability to find out
exactly what Sandy had been thinking.
    
      	Ken explained what he thought had happened and why.  Jane wasn't really
thinking clearly enough to form an opinion and just nodded.  When they arrived
at the mansion, she was ordered right to the Master bathroom and into the tub,
where she was commanded to strip and wait.  Shortly thereafter, Ken found
Arianwen.
     
      	"Go upstairs and clean off your wife," he said.  Ari just blinked at
him, unused to him treating her like this.  "You are a slave, aren't you?" he
asked.
     
      	"Yes, Master," she said, Ken's mood and her wife's mood washing over her
in a tide of lust.
     
      	"Then do it.  And don't let her cum until I get up there."  She nodded
and headed up the stairs.  "Oh, and Ari?  Use your tongue."
     
      	The teen shuddered and headed up to her task.  Ken went into the kitchen
and drank some water while sort-of viewing the action upstairs.  Ari found Jane
naked in the tub.  It was obvious from her smell that someone had peed all over
her.  Ari decided that it was appropriate to add to that, and did so, then began
following her Master's instructions.
     
      	Jane was treated to a very nice, and very frustrating, tongue bath.  Ari
kept Jane's interest by pulling on her various piercings and spanking her wife's
ass and opened sex.  Linked as they were, she knew exactly when to back off to
keep her wife's frustration high.
     
      	By the time Ken arrived, Jane was on her back on the edge of the tub,
having enjoyed Ari's soft tongue on almost every area of her body,   Her wife
was now in the process of working her small fist into Jane's overly-tight cunt. 
Jane was gasping, taking deep breaths to help loosen her pussy and accept the
intruder, especially since Ari wasn't taking her time.
     
      	Ken didn't help matters any by simply prying the woman's mouth open and
pushing his cock deeply into her throat.  Jane had a hard time breathing, but
was used to deep-throating.  She loved the loss of control that having a cock
pushed into her throat afforded her.
     
      	They stopped for a minute and flipped her over, resting her body on the
hard edge of the tub, then continued what they'd been doing.  Jane was unable to
swallow as Ken mercilessly fucked her, and drool began to slide off her chin. 
Ari had fully entered her wife and made an actual fist inside her -- something
that was surprisingly difficult in the tight quarters -- and was pumping away. 
Jane could cum at any time now, and they all knew it.  Still, they kept at her
for another ten minutes.  Ari was dripping with sweat from the exertion of
quickly thrusting her arm in and out of the other woman; Jane wasn't in much
better shape and just accepted the assault on her senses.
     
      	Finally, Ken said to her, "Cum for me Jane."
     
      	Ari redoubled her efforts, and as soon as Ken felt Jane's body begin to
convulse, he pushed deep into her throat, cutting off her air as he spewed cum
almost directly into her stomach.  Jane came hard, the loss of her air supply
only adding to her orgasm.  It took a surprisingly long time for her orgasm to
finish, and Ken blocked her air the entire time.  She was finally at the point
where it was breathe or pass out when he pulled out of her.
     
      	She coughed a bit, then shuddered in another orgasm when her wife pulled
her fist, without opening it first, from her saturated tunnel.  Ari's eyes
glowed as she licked Jane's thick lubricant from her hand and arm.  Of course,
this left Arianwen pretty worked up, but Ken decided that a little denial would
be good for her.  They'd take care of her in bed tonight.
     
      	After a nice, relaxing shower, they all went downstairs for dinner. 
Bill was back, as was Eric.  Ken noticed that Tina spent more and more time
naked.  She was still shy, but it gave her a secret sexual kick to be naked in
front of everyone -- even though there were other women naked, as well.  Of
course, her secret was anything but, since she couldn't hide her arousal from
anyone of the Circle.  Ken knew that some of the girl's lust was a reaction to
the energy in the mansion, but most of it was generated by her own hormones. 
She was, indeed, very like Arianwen.
     
      End Chapter 49




Avatar

Chapter 50

    	Tuesday when breakfast started, it was only Ari, Jane, Ken and Sally. 
Then Tina came down, naked, and looked at the group.  She came to a decision and
started with Sally, giving her a not-so-fast kiss on her lips.  She also gave
one to Ken that lingered on his lips, then moved to Ari.  Ken felt his wife's
resolve harden, and her pussy moisten, when her sister gave her a much longer
kiss on the lips than she had given anyone else.  When Tina kissed Jane, the
woman's eyes sparkled, and Tina found her lips parting for the Jane's tongue. 
Her breath caught, but she was erroneously sure that no one else knew what was
going on.  Trying to maintain her composure, despite her flushed skin and hard
nipples, she sat down and poured some orange juice.
   
    	Ken announced that it was time for him to leave for class, and Tina
looked at him.
   
    	"You're in school?" she said disbelievingly.
   
    	"Martial arts classes," he replied.
   
    	"Wow, that's really cool!  I've always wanted to learn that stuff. 
Naturally, Mom wouldn't let me.  You wanted to take karate too, didn't you Ari?"

     	Ari smiled and nodded, saying nothing about that fact that she and Jane
practiced every day that Ken did.  Ken noted that both of the women were
learning at an incredible rate, the control they had over their bodies far
beyond what one would expect from someone with no training.  He figured that if
they stuck with it the next year, they'd have to start training with someone
better than him because he was sure he'd miss some of the nuances that needed to
be absorbed as one learned with a real master of the art.
    
     	Still, he knew that Jane, at least, was internalizing some of the
training.  During the bike ride yesterday she'd made a mistake going down one of
the hills they were on.  It wasn't much of a mistake, but it was enough to send
her over the handle bars.  She'd simply tucked and rolled, avoiding a fair
amount of damage.  It wasn't a perfect roll, but it was more than he would have
expected from someone so new to the arts.
    
			++++++++++++++++++++++

     	When Ken left the studio after class, having once again endured Chad's
attitude, he visited another school that he was interested in.  This one had
nothing to do with martial arts and everything to do with something that he'd
always wanted to learn, but had never had the time or money for.  He had a big
smile on his face when he left and wondered how his wives were going to react
when they found out he had signed up for flying lessons.
    
     	Later that afternoon, he sat down again with Tina to explain some of the
rules about the upcoming weekend.  Mostly, they were common sense rules, but
he'd found many so-called "experienced" adults had no clue how to act during a
play party, so he certainly didn't expect a fifteen-year-old to know what to do.
    
     	After he had laid down the basics, Tina sat in silence for a minute.
    
     	"Wait -- if you're telling me all this, does that mean that I'm allowed
to watch?"
    
     	"As long as you're not making the participants uncomfortable."
    
     	She snorted,  "Well, then I guess I'll just stay in my room.  Almost
everyone here treats me like I'm a kid, which isn't fair because Arianwen is
only two years older than me."
    
     	"Tina, you aren't even close to being legal, which, I assure you, is not
an overriding concern in this household," he responded.  "But let's be honest --
no one here, except Ari, really knows you very well yet.  It takes time for
people to be comfortable with sex and, quite frankly, the majority of adults
don't have too good a handle on it.  The people involved with this household are
different in that respect, but it still takes some time to get to know people." 
Unless, he thought, you're Circle.  "There's a lot more to sex than just having
an orgasm.  Really good sex has a level of trust involved, as well as all the
other things like attraction and compatibility."
    
     	Tina was silent for a moment, then said, "But if everyone treats me like
a kid, how am I supposed to learn about anything?"
    
     	"Have you been treated like a child here?"
    
     	"Well, kinda."
    
     	"Oh?  So the discussions we've had are the kind that you'd have with a
child?  A child would have been permitted to see what happened between Ari,
Annette and Bill yesterday?"
    
     	"It's not like they actually did anything right here, ya know," she
replied, but it was a half-hearted attempt to make her point.
    
     	"I would not have given a child access to the files that I gave you. 
You're young and don't have any actual experience with sex," said Ken.  "When
you finally decide you do want to have sex with someone, I think it would be
good if it were a fantastic experience for you.  Something that you'll look back
on all your life and smile about.  I don't know how much you've read, but
there's more than just BDSM stories in those files.  Most of the stories talk
about more than just sex.  They talk about the interaction between people, which
is really the most important part of sex."
    
     	"I read them, well, a lot of them," said Tina.  "But I doubt that I'm
going to find anyone like that to ... to do anything with in real life. 
Especially if everyone here thinks I'm too young."
    
     	Ken sat and thought for a moment, wishing the situation with Tina wasn't
so complex.  It was kind of difficult on Ari, who had to constantly deal with
visions of submitting to her sister.  On the plus side, it kept her very horny. 
On the minus side, the fear and guilt were getting hard for her to deal with. 
The rest of the Circle, as well as Bill and Gary, were attracted to Tina. But
Bill and Gary wouldn't touch her, and the Circle seemed to be waiting for Ari
and Tina to work things out.
    
     	The situation wasn't fair to Tina, because she was now living in a
household that was devoted to raising sexual energy, and it was driving her
nuts.  In addition to her already-high sex drive, Tina was dealing with teen
hormones and seeing a naked, sexually active sister whom she desperately wanted. 
Aside from her fingers, there was no other outlet for her.  Plus, Tina had no
sexual identity, having never experienced sex with a partner.
    
     	"Tina, I know this is a difficult situation for you.  But have you asked
any of the women what they think?"
    
     	"No.  Not really.  I don't know anyone but Ari very well, plus the guys
all avoid me like the plague."
    
     	Ken could sense that it was more than that.  It wasn't that she didn't
like Sally, Genie or Annette -- just that, as she said, she didn't know them
well.  She didn't want to talk to Ari because she was embarrassed about how she
felt about her sister, and Jane scared her.
    
     	That was interesting, thought Ken.  She was afraid of Jane?  Sighing, he
lightly touched Tina's thoughts.  She wasn't afraid of Jane, exactly, but Jane
felt like a loaded gun to Tina.  She was sure the woman would do whatever Tina
told her to do, answer any question, perform any action.  She had visions of
telling Jane to get on her knees and eat her, and she just knew the older woman
would do it.
    
     	And that excited her.  But having that kind of power over someone,
despite her fantasies, was scary.  Not only that, but she knew that if the
situation were slightly changed, if, for instance Ken told her he wanted her,
Tina was sure she'd do whatever he wanted.  Interestingly, that prospect scared
her a lot less.  She trusted Ken to a degree that surprised him.
    
     	There were other thoughts connected to him deeper in her mind, but he
pulled away since he really didn't want to invade her privacy any more than he
already had.  Tina's realization that having a lot of power over someone gave
you some responsibility for them eased Ken's mind a great deal.
    
     	"I think," he said, "that you'll find that most people will have no
problem with you watching a scene.  Ellen might be a good person for you to talk
to -- she and her slave will be here Friday night."
    
     	"She's a mistress?" asked Tina.
    
     	"Yes," he smiled, "but don't go calling her that unless you decide you
want to submit to her."
    
     	Tina colored and said, "I don't think that'll be a problem." But I'll
submit to you, followed the loud, unspoken thought.
    
     	Ken smiled at the girl's thought.  She had interesting fantasies,
especially now that she'd read through a lot of the files that he'd given her. 
Ken was sure she wasn't interested in him, per se, he was just a convenient male
figure.  There was more that Tina wanted to ask, but Ken got the feeling she was
too shy to ask the question.  Finally, she steeled herself and looked at him.
    
     	"What if," she paused as her heart rate seemed to double and her mouth
went dry,  "What if I want to ... participate."
    
     	Ken thought for a moment.  "Tina, you are very beautiful and very sexy. 
If you find someone that you're comfortable with, and they are comfortable with
you, then let them know that you're interested."
    
     	With that, the conversation ended and Ken went inside.  Sally was just
starting dinner and Eric was in the lab, so Ken went to visit him.  There were
now several of the smaller vacuum bots lined up against the wall.
    
     	"Wow," said Ken, "looks like you guys have a whole fleet of them."
    
     	"Yeah," said Eric, "the v-bots work pretty good.  Bill says that he's
ready to let them loose in the house."
    
     	'"'v-bots'?" inquired Ken.
    
     	"Short for vacuum-robots," replied the man as he poked around in the
guts of a bunch of circuitry seated in the belly of yet another v-bot.
    
     	"I'm sure Arianwen will be happy that they're ready to go."  Another
object that looked like a huge v-bot caught his eye.
    
     	"What's that?"
    
     	Eric looked up.  "Oh that?  I call it a lawn bot.  It's based on some
products that are already on the market that will mow your lawn for you.  Since
I know that none of us want to do the lawn, but we don't like having the service
do it, I thought I'd see if I could get one of those to work.  If I can, then we
could just buy a few more, then modify them and set them loose.  Then all we'd
need would be a gardener."
    
     	"That'd be cool," replied Ken.  "Who knows, if these things work out,
maybe you guys can market them."
    
     	"Actually, that was something we wanted to talk to you about," said
Eric, straightening up.
    
     	"Oh?"
    
     	"Yeah.  Bill and I have made a number of improvements on the vacuum
robots.  We think we could sell those improvements for quite a bit of change."
    
     	"Go for it," said Ken, beaming.
    
     	"Thing is," said Eric, "we decided that we want the income -- if there
is any of it -- to go toward the house fund.  I mean, we both live here, and I
suspect that eventually Bill will be joining us in a more permanent fashion. 
It's only fair that we contribute."
    
     	"We're not exactly hurting for cash, Eric," replied Ken, "And if you
guys came up with those ideas, you should use the money however you see fit. 
Don't think that I expect you to turn over the profits in exchange for living
here."
    
     	"I know you don't.  But for one thing, without your support, we wouldn't
have been able to do any of this.  For another, neither one of us wants a free
ride."
    
     	Ken was silent for a moment, then said, "If that's what you guys want to
do, I think it's a fantastic idea.  I just didn't want you to think that I
expected it or anything.  We should speak to Lenny and see what advice he has. 
I'm sure he knows someone that would be able to help us out."
    
     "Good idea.  While I'm not a greedy bastard like most corporations, I also
don't want them stealing our stuff, ya know?  Especially the stuff that Bill and
I are working on for the next version of the 'bots.  I suspect that the military
would be very interested and, quite frankly, I don't want them involved at all."
    
     	"Why not?" asked Ken out of curiosity.
    
     	"Ever hear the saying, 'I love my country.  It's my government I'm
afraid of.'?"
    
     	"Hear of it?  After all the things I've been finding out about lately,
I'm starting to live it," said Ken unhappily.
    
     	"I'm all for our troops having the best technology out there to help
protect themselves as they defend us.  Especially after what those animals did
on 9/11.  But what the government is doing with the technology it already has is
criminal.  And don't even get me started on what the big corps are doing."
    
     	Ken thought back to his last days in his own office, especially how his
boss had viewed him.  As he'd suspected, the final check he'd been sent had been
'adjusted' to ensure he got less money than he was owed.  He made a mental note
to speak to Genie about what had happened after he left.  Quite frankly, he had
so little interest in the place that he'd never felt the need to speak to her
about what happened after he resigned.  He also needed to speak to her and find
out if there was a different career she wanted to pursue.
    
	Shortly after dinner, Ken found himself in the Garden.  He loved it
here, and knew this place would always be special.  After all, it was the place
where Lea had entered the world, possibly for the first time.
    
       	"Humans require more proof then they did centuries ago," she said,
appearing by his side.
      
       	Today, She was topless, Her copper hair weaving down Her body, leaving
only hints of Her breasts and nipples.  She was barefoot, wearing only the wisp
of a sash around Her waist to hide Her sex.  As always, his breath caught at Her
beauty.
      
       	Trying to focus his thoughts away from his suddenly raging hormones, he
asked, "What do you mean?"
      
       	She ran a finger down his chest and over his stomach.  Somehow, this
action drew attention to his own body and how it had changed.  He was far leaner
than he had been, and his muscles more pronounced.  His body was reflecting the
workouts he did with Eric, as well as the martial arts training.
      
      	Lea drew him down into the grass beside Her, then lay so that Her head
was in his lap, face up.  He did his best to concentrate on what She was saying.
      
       	"Science was not so advanced when I was last active.  The Gods and
Goddesses were given respect and awe -- worshipped as forces of Nature.  Now, as
I told you on the first day, you are suspicious of everything.  Proof is
required at every turn.  Those that take everything on faith are considered
blind."  She sighed.  "It is no surprise.  Such evil is perpetrated in the name
of 'faith', and humans are easily led down the path of destruction."
      
       	Ken was silent.  He had so many questions he wanted to ask, but with his
Goddess so near, he could barely think.
 
      	It became obvious that conversation wasn't on Her mind either.  Somehow,
She shifted around and Ken felt himself being pulled into Her arms as She lay
underneath him.  They kissed and, for a time, nothing remained in the world for
him but Her lips.
     
      	Eventually, Ken licked and sucked his way down Her body, brushing aside
the copper strands that decorated Her pale skin, exposing Her erect nipple.  Ken
drew it into his mouth and was again a teenager, his girlfriend's sweet nipple
in his mouth for the first time.  The rush of lust that accompanied that action
was almost overwhelming, and he knew that had this happened when Lea first
appeared to him, he would have been completely overwhelmed.
     
      	Ken continued to work his way down Her body, licking and kissing,
nipping Her skin where he knew She would find it pleasurable.  The small amount
of pubic hair on Her mound was literally like silk, and the scent of Her open
sex made him groan.  The taste of Her fluids exploded over his tongue, and he
actually came, or at least he felt like he did.  Time ceased to have meaning as
they coupled.  His need to penetrate Her was equaled by Her need to receive him. 
Hard, fast, slow, deep, it didn't matter, She was always there to meet him.  Her
teeth left marks in his skin, Her nipple was sucked deep into his mouth, the
skin distended and swollen as She sighed Her passion when he bit.
     
      	The sensations grew to the point where, later, Ken was only able to
vaguely remember how it felt. Like great pain, the impossible pleasure She
afforded him could be not contained by memory -- only experienced in the moment.
      
       	Finally, he lay on his back looking at the stars, Lea's head resting on
his chest, Her scent a lingering reminder of their passion.  She kissed him
deeply, and then he was alone in the Garden.  Well, he smiled, physically alone. 
He could still feel Her presence.  Since it was dark, Ken realized that far more
time had passed then he'd thought.
      
      	Jane and Arianwen entered the Garden with a tray of drinks and some
food.  Ken still stared at the stars overhead.  Like many small children, he had
wanted to be an astronaut.  Like many adults, he'd shed that dream as
impossible.  Still, the stars fascinated him, no matter that the dreams of a
child were gone.
     
      	"Are you okay, Master?" asked Jane.
     
      	Ken stirred and smiled at his wives.
     
      	"Yes," he said simply.  It was a vast understatement.  Being with Lea
brought him a peace that was, literally, indescribable.
     
      	"I bet," smiled Arianwen.  "Our Goddess has a way about Her, that's for
sure."
     
      	She leaned over to claim a kiss from her husband and sighed, faintly
tasting Lea's essence on his lips.  Jane followed with another kiss, and Ken
marveled that, even after making love to a Goddess, kissing his wives felt
amazingly good.
     
      	They shared the food and tea that the women had brought out, laying,
more or less on each other, gazing at the bright pinpoints of light overhead.  A
little while later, they headed back to the pool.
     
      	The Circle was growing, and Ken was beginning to get some idea of what
the future should hold.  He knew that the road ahead would have challenges,
especially as they expanded the religion, but he was sure that they would be
able to handle them.  In the meantime, Joan would be over tomorrow, and there
was a play party this weekend to look forward to.  Ken leaned back in his chair,
his eyes resting on several of the nude women cavorting around the pool and
smiled.  Life was very, very good.
    
     	End Chapter 50
    
     End Avatar - Book 1: Establishment




Avatar - Book 1
Cast of Characters


Lea ------------------------- Goddess who lives on sexual energy

First Circle: (as of Book one of Establishment)
Ken Whitestone ---------- Lea's Avatar and the High Priest of her new religion
Jane Whitestone ---------- High Priestess of Lea. Ken's first slave.  Also his
wife and Arianwen's wife
Arianwen Whitestone ---  High Priestess of Lea. Ken's second slave.  Also his
wife and Jane's wife.  Her birth name is Alice Waverly.

Sally Solberg -------------  Priestess.  Wife of Eric Solberg.  Mother of
Christine Solberg
Eric Solberg  -------------  Priest.  Husband of Sally Solberg.  Father of
Christine Solberg

Other Characters:

Genie Baeder ------------ Co-worker of Ken's.  Presumptive Priestess.  Bill's
girlfriend/lover
Sandy Johnson -----------  Bicycle shop girl.  Good friend of Ken and Jane's.
Billy (Bill) Wicks -------  College student, mountain biker.  Friend of Sandy's. 
Boyfriend of Genie.

Ellen Wakeman ---------  Ken's financial adviser.  Mistress of Kim Paige
Kim Paige  ---------------  Works for Ellen.  Slave of Ellen Wakeman

Joan Deckheart ----------  Dealer in high end real estate

Lenny Hatfield ----------  Ken's lawyer.  Dave Traver's lover
David  Traver -----------   Criminal attorney.  Lenny's lover

Gary Sorrel  --------------  Maker of really excellent bondage furniture. 
Annette's Master
Annette Wright ----------   Maker of excellent jewelry.  Slave to Gary Sorrel. 
Presumptive Priestess

Karen Feyh --------------- Sixteen year old with the possibility of becoming a
Priestess

Scott Turcotte ------------  Ken's martial arts teacher.

Tina Waverly ------------  Arianwen's sister.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dark Pen


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





