BDSM Library - Pathetic Jessica




Pathetic Jessica
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A night of cruelty, humiliation, and delicious debasement.Pathetic  
I was sitting at my computer, working on some writing, when Jessica knocked
  softly at the front door.  
I had been on a hot streak that day, getting some serious pages in on my
  latest novel, and finished the sentence before I responded.  
"Yes?" I called. I saw the clock, knew who it was &ndash; she was right on
  time, a very good sign. She and I had only met recently, first on-line, followed
  a few phone conversations. This was our first face-to-face, and I half expected
  her to be late just out of the brattiness that plagues most submissives.  
"Sir, it's me," she said quietly. "It's Jessica."  
I pushed away from my desk and smiled to myself.  
"Who?"  
"Jessica from on-line!"  
"Tell me what you are."  
There was a brief pause. When she spoke, her voice was even softer. "It's
  your whore. Your fuckpig."  
"Oh, Jessica," I beamed. "Hold on just a minute."  
I went into the bedroom and took a few things out of my 'war chest' the drawer
  under my bed where I kept my sex toys and weapons of flesh destruction. I took
  my time in setting them about the living room. I fixed myself a drink. I took
  a small glass plate from the kitchen and slid it under the chair.  
I let her wait about five minutes before opening the door.  
She was fidgeting, toying with her shoulder-length brown hair, looking back
  and forth nervously. A wide smile crossed her face when she saw me; a smile
  that went up into her eyes. I smiled back; her expressive eyes were quite a
  turn-on for me, as I looked forward to seeing them filled with lust and humiliation.  
She wore a loose fitting dress and sandals, per my instruction.  
"Hello," she said brightly. "It's so good to finally meet you."  
I stepped forward and hugged her lightly. I ran my hand along her back. She
  wore no undergarments, as per my instruction.  
"Come on in," I told her. I shut and locked the door behind me. She went
  to the middle of the living room, looking around at my place.  
"I really love your apartment," she said.  
I walked past her, plopped down in my chair, and picked up my drink.  
"Okay, slut, let's see it."  
"See what?"  
"See my new meat. Take your dress off."  
Your eyes tense up.  
"Bitch, don't disobey me."  
Slowly, she lifted her dress up over her head. She shakes slightly. This
  is so much for her, too quickly. She expected more of a slow build, I expect.
  She folded the dress over her arm. She hesitated only a moment before following
  my command to wad it up and throw it in the corner.  
"Take off your flip-flops. You look ridiculous wearing nothing but your shoes."  
She slid her feet out of her sandals and kicked them aside.  
"Hands on top of your head," I snap. "And turn around slowly. All the way
  around."  
Jessica complied, eyes closed. Her breasts were large and heavy, succulent
  looking. Her ass, however, was big. Her belly sagged. She was a big girl, no
  doubt about it. This was something she had been honest about from the beginning,
  and it wasn't a problem for me.  
There were two roses tattooed on her back, and a blue flower on her foot.
  She had painted her cute, stubby toes the same shade of blue.  
She was completely naked, save the red lipstick, the heavy black eyeliner
  (of course, per my instructions) and a necklace with a cross on it.  
"You didn't mention you were a cow," I sneered. "Bend over and spread your
  ass with your hands. Are those stretch marks? Stand up and face me, you fat
  fucking piece of shit."  
Her cheeks burned bright red, her eyes still closed, her body still trembling.  
"Awwww, what's the matter? Are you a little embarrassed? You don't like that
  I make fun of you? Well what did you expect? Your ass is fat, and you look
  so pathetic standing there wanting my approval. Open your eyes. Look at me."  
Her eyes are already wet. She has such low self esteem, feels shame so easily.
  I'm already having a blast. This will be too easy, I think.  
"I'm sorry, Master," she murmured. "I'm s-s-sorry I displease you."  
Standing suddenly, I moved over to her and grabbed a handful of her hair.
  Her back stiffened, her breath hitch. I slapped her left tit with an open hand,
  and then the right. I watched them jiggle and sway. I smacked them again and
  again, until her tits were pink and covered with finger marks.  
"Did I do something wrong?" she squeaked.  
"Shut the fuck up, cum bucket," I chuckled. "This isn't punishment. This
  is me having fun. That's why you are here, isn't it? To amuse me? Open your
  mouth."  
Her red lips part. I spit right in her face. She gasped.  
"Is there a problem?" I whispered.  
"N-n-n-no, Sir," she whispered in return.  
"Good," I smiled. And then, before she knew what was happening, I raised
  my hand and slapped her across the face. She gasped again. I slapped her three
  more times, quickly.  
That broke it. The tears started to run from her eyes. She wasn't weeping,
  but the slaps had opened her up to let loose. Her eyeliner started to run.  
"Tell me you're a fat piece of shit who doesn't deserve to serve me," I snapped. "And
  get on your grubby whore knees to do it."  
Jessica sank to her knees before me. Her fingers grabbed the front of my
  pants legs, and she started sobbing and pleading.  
"Please, Sir. I know I'm beneath you, I'm just a worthless fuck slave. I-I-I'm
  a f-f-fat piece of," her voice tore "shit whore. Please let me serve you. All
  I want it to be your toy."  
"Get used to being on your knees. That is where you belong."  
"Yes, Sir."  
I sat back down in my chair and picked up my drink again. I kicked off my
  shoes; having intentionally not worn socks that day so my feet would sweat.
  I don't have terrible body odor, but no one's sweaty feet smell good.  
"Crawl to me," I commanded. She kept her head down and crawled over. "Wrong.
  Tits lower, ass up high. Back up and try it again."  
She got it right that time. "Now look at me. Open your mouth." This time,
  she stuck her tongue out for me to spit on. I leaned in close, as if to kiss
  her, and then spit in her mouth. She swallowed dutifully.  
I shoved her head down to the floor and stuck my toes in her mouth.  
"Tongue bath. Lick them clean."  
I finished my drink as Jessica lapped at my feet like an attentive puppy.
  She made little pained moaning sounds every once in a while, and stopped only
  when I needed to spit. Normally I don't spit so much, but using her as a receptical
  was proving to be a lot of fun.  
I sent her into the kitchen to get me another drink, and took off my clothes.
  She knelt down before me. I had her turn around, her ass facing me.  
From behind the chair I took out the butt plug with the tail on it. I lashed
  her ass a few times with the long beaded tail strands, then went to her mouth
  and had her lick the plug thoroughly before jamming it up her ass.  
"That's better," I said, patting her head. "Looks more natural on you."  
"Sir?" she whimpered.  
"Yes, pet."  
"I want to tell you what a sexy body I think you have. I am such a lucky
  whore to be here with you." Her voice had steadied out a little, still meek
  and sad but not teary-eyed any longer.  
I sat down on the chair and spread my legs wide, hooking the backs of my
  knees over the armrests.  
"Put your mouth to some good use. Stop blabbing and get that filthy tongue
  of yours inside my asshole. You ever given a rimjob before?"  
She knee-walked up to me, looking nervous. "No, Sir."  
"Only one way to learn." I grabbed a double handful of her hair and jammed
  her face between my thighs, into my ass. She gagged a little, and then I felt
  her slimy tongue licking my flesh. She poked around my pucker gently, timidly.
  I pulled her hair more tightly, and mashed her face in deeper. "Tongue out,
  bitch. Don't waste my time here. Lick my fucking asshole like it's your dinner,
  because it is."  
Jessica, my pathetic little cumslut-in-training, started to slurp and lap.
  I could feel the saliva pouring from her mouth. She got her tongue a little
  way into my ass, trying as hard as she could. I let go of her hair and took
  another drink.  
"You are a foot-sucking, ass eating, spit drinking little cunt," I snarled,
  smacking at the back of her head until I heard her breath catch. "Now let's
  see how you suck cock. Don't worry, pig, you can have seconds of asshole later."  
She grabbed the base of my cock with one hand, caressed my balls with the
  other, and started going to work. She had a hard time getting used to it; my
  cock was thicker than any she had touched before. Her eyes kept darting up
  to meet mine, imploring me for praise.  
I spit on her again. She withdrew slightly.  
"Awful. You call that sucking cock?" I reached around and found my handcuffs.
  Quickly, I snapped them onto her wrists and locked her hands at the small of
  her back.  
I stood up in front of her and slapped her again. She yelped, and her eyes
  got wet again. I grabbed a double handful of her hair.  
"Open wide."  
The face-fucking I gave her was a thing of beauty. She was trapped, unable
  to move, as I plunged my nine inches in and out of her mouth. Red lipstick
  smeared on my shaft, and on her cheeks. I kept going deep, prompting her to
  drool thick globs down her chin. She grunted and gagged and made a pitiful
  whining sound.  
"You want to eat my cum?"  
The whining sound turned into something like 'mmm hmm' but it didn't matter
  what she answered. She was to be my cum bucket. Time to break her in the hard
  way.  
I pulled my cock away from her, and shoved her over the chair. Her face was
  flat on the seat, flush in the pool of saliva she had dripped in my ass. I
  held onto her hair like it was the reigns of a beast of burden as I mounted
  her from behind.  
"Remember this fucking, pig. You will never have such quality cock again." I
  slammed home into her pussy. She squealed in pleasure, and started bucking &ndash; she
  was hot and worked up she was hitting orgasm almost instantly, hitting the
  peak of pleasure every time I plowed deep into her vile pussy and smashed against
  her cervix. Her tail swished back and forth, causing a pleasurable tickling
  on my lower belly.  
I rode her hard for a few minutes. Then I grabbed the tail and jerked it
  free; it came out with a POP. Before her gaping cornhole could contract, I
  jammed my cock deep into her bowels. She howled. She sobbed. Her bare feet
  kicked against the floor. Her bound hands fluttered like little birds. I pulled
  back tighter on her hair, riding her like a mule.  
"You dirty fucking bitch. You whore. You fuckpig piece of aahhhhhh!" With
  her last whimper I went over the edge, and emptied a massive torrent of sperm
  deep into her ass.  
I pull out slowly, find the keys, and unlocked her cuffs. Gently, I massaged
  her wrists, but kept her face down, her back bent.  
I grabbed the plate, slid it between her knees, and then allowed her to sit
  up.  
"Squat over that plate," I said lazily, laying back to watch. "Let my cum
  drip out of your ass. Push it out, if you have to."  
Jessica squatted, facing me, face red and ashamed. She strained and clenched
  her ass, and white creamy jizz started to drip onto the glass.  
"T-t-thank you for letting your pig cum, Sir," she mewled, and bit her lower
  lip. The cum continued to drizzle across the plate, like frosting dusted with
  brown sugar. "Your cock is so perfect."  
"Here, suck on this. It will help." I jammed the butt plug into her mouth.
  She gagged, and her eyes filled up with tears. "Jesus Christ you never stop
  crying, do you?"  
She let loose a tiny little fart, spraying cum, and for some reason this
  set her off to crying again. Being a spittoon and eating ass was one thing,
  but farting in my presence seemed to affect her harshly. She started weeping
  again, making pitiful little noises around the buttplug wedged in her jaws.  
It took about five minutes before I was satisfied that all the cum has leaked
  out of her ass. Then I pulled the plug from her mouth, replaced it in your
  ass, and pushed her face down into the plate.  
"Dinner is served. Eat it while it's still warm and smelling like your shit,
  cum bucket."  
She was rigid, staring at it, inches away from her nose. I let go of her
  head.  
"I won't force your face into it. I won't have to, will I?" I said calmly,
  quietly. "I told you to eat it, and you will lick it up because you obey me.
  It would easier for you if I forced you to do it, wouldn't it? I wouldn't give
  you the easy way out like that. You put your mouth down there and lick up that
  stinking cum because you are a depraved, pathetic, slut whore."  
She lowered her face and stuck out her tongue. Her chest was shaking a little.  
I laid down next to her and giggled at her while she cleaned the plate.  
"You are good spittoon, slave," I said mock-gently. "As a dish washer, you
  leave something to be desired. Maybe if I gave you something else to lick up." I
  cleared my throat and spit onto the plate. She continued licking until the
  glass plate was clean.  
As she tried to regain her composure, I moved back into my chair and pushed
  PLAY on the vcr remote. I had a tape already cued up in the machine, a nasty
  little porno flick called Rough Sex.  
"Watch these whores eat ass," I told Jessica sternly, moving her to face
  the tv. "You might learn something."  
"Yes, Sir," she mumbled. She kept her arms in front of her, trying to cover
  up her belly. I smacked her face, and she understood, moving her hands around
  to the small of her back.  
"I see you for the pig you are, Jessica. Don't try and cover up your gut,
  it doesn't do any good."  
"Yes, sir." She was smart enough to look at me whenever I spoke to her.  
"If I catch you covering up again, you will be in trouble."  
"What does that mean, Sir?" she asked, her eyes honest.  
I reached out and slapped her face. And then again, a backhand.  
"I'm sorry, Master," she cried. Your pussy was starting to stink again; the
  bitch really did love to be slapped around. "Your pig won't cover up again."  
We watched the movie for a while. Jessica was still wildly turned on; I could
  smell the juice from her cunt. Every few minutes I would reach down and play
  with her a little. First I tied up her tits with thin lengths of rope. Then
  I pulled out the nipple clamps and attached them&hellip; but only after giving
  her big beautiful breasts another fierce round of slapping.  
I put her in a few positions, moving her every once in a while. Just so she
  could get the feel of being my footstool, being my drink holder, so she could
  learn how I liked to have my feet and back rubbed. Every time I needed to spit,
  I just snapped my fingers &ndash; her mouth would open, her tongue would extend.
  I had complimented her on her spittoon abilities, and she seemed extra eager
  to please me in that fashion.  
And then I got out a black marker, and looked down on her.  
"I'm not sure what to write," I said, pensive. "What word sums you up the
  best?"  
Leaning down, I wrote PATHETIC in big black letters over her tits, across
  her chest.  
"You're Pathetic."  
"Yes, Sir. I'm Pathetic. I'm your dog, your pig, your property."  
I patted her head gently, then quickly grabbed a handful of her hair and
  yanked hard. She fell to the side, and crawled to keep up with me as I dragged
  her into the other room. We went through the bathroom, her whimpering the whole
  time, and into the bathroom. I pushed her next to the toilet.  
"Lift up the lid&hellip; with your mouth, cum bucket!" She put her lips on
  the toilet seat and pushed it up. "Now leave your face right there, over the
  water."  
Her neck lay across the edge of the toilet, her face extended out over the
  bowl. I snapped my fingers, and she opened her mouth. She was shivering, petrified.  
"You've never been a urinal before, have you, Pathetic?"  
"N-n-n-no Sir."  
I smiled down at her and unleashed a torrent of piss across her pretty features.
  She gurgled and groaned. She retched a little when I sprayed hot urine across
  her tongue. I shot piss over her ear, in her hair, and made sure to aim specificially
  up her nose and into her mouth. She started to cough, trying to fight off her
  gag reflex.  
Finished, I let my dick hang between my legs. A yellow drop beaded up on
  the end. I snapped my fingers and pointed &ndash; she leaned up to me, extended
  her tongue, and licked it clean.  
She looked so defeated, so broken. Her eyes were wide and honest, showing
  me that she had never felt so dehumanized in her life. Little curls of her
  dark hair stuck to her forehead and cheeks, pasted there with piss, spit, and
  cum. Three things the little bitch would come to crave.  
"You learn quickly, pet. I bet you'll be as good a toilet as you are a spittoon.
  Whoops, you missed a few drops."  
I pointed to the rim of the toilet bowl, which was drizzled with dozens of
  small dots of urine.  
"Stick out your tongue, Jessica," I instructed, as if talking to a dog. "Keep
  those eyes open. You don't get to run away into your head. I want you right
  here, with me. You are Jessica, a nursing assistant and part time student.
  You live with your parents. You came to me because you loved the stories I
  wrote about degrading sluts. You are a sad, pitiful excuse for a woman, and
  deserve everything you get. Now, you are to use that whore mouth of yours to
  clean that toilet. And while you do it, you are to stroke your clit."  
Sniveling, she got to work, licking the porcelain clean of piss. I hadn't
  cleaned the toilet in a couple of weeks, so it was fairly disgusting. She coughed
  when she got a pubic hair in the back of her throat, and then continued on.  
A funny noise started deep in her throat. It sounded like a moan of pleasure,
  but one she was fighting, trying to choke back.  
"That's clean enough," I said, when it was spotless. "And now&hellip;"  
I pointed to the floor next to the toilet. She looked up at me, pleading
  silently. I grabbed her hair and pushed her face down. When I let go, she was
  already at work.  
And then it happened &ndash; despite how hard she was fighting it, the humiliation
  of the scene and the stroking of her clit brought her to orgasm. I saw her
  quiver and quake, exhaling a long hiss that bled into a groan. Her tongue stopped
  mid-lick, spread out flat on the nasty bathroom floor as she exploded in a
  massive cum.  
And then she broke into tears again, realizing what had just happened. Realizing
  it meant everything I said about her was true. Realizing that she had never
  been more turned on then she was right now.  
"Stop," I told her. My cock was throbbingly erect at the spectacle of her
  submission. She turned to face me, still on her knees, hands still behind her
  back. She looked almost clown-like, with her black eye makeup having smeared
  and run in streaks and splotches, her lipstick so rubbed it looked like greasepaint
  around her mouth.  
She took my cock into her mouth eagerly, passionately. She rammed her face
  up and down on my cock, gagging herself, raping her own mouth on my meat. I
  reached down and played with her bound breasts, squeezing the clamps until
  she made a pained (but muffled) noise.  
"Okay," I said, "crawl back out here bitch, it's time to play a little back-and-forth."  
I walk behind her as she crawls, kicking her ass once in a while to egg her
  on. I positioned her in the middle of the living room, and set pillows down
  in front of her hands. She was not allowed to use them, they were for me. The
  carpet was good enough for her hands and knees.  
"Here's how we play, pig Jessica. I'm going to go back and forth between
  your ass and your mouth. It's like flipping a coin. You want to make me cum
  either heads or tails. At stake is what happens to you next. If you win, you
  get to take a shower, run some errands for me, and when you come back we'll
  have dinner and you can stay the night."  
Her eyes lit up.  
"If you lose, you put on your dress and leave right after I cum, without
  being able to clean up."  
"Let's play," I pinched her nose shut and jammed my cockhead deep into her
  gulping throat. I face fucked her ruthlessly, gagging her so much I thought
  she would puke. Thick ropes of saliva dripped.  
"Now the ass," I commanded.  
She pulled away and turned around, presenting her shapely round ass. I grabbed
  the tail and yanked out the plug, and then went to work on her hole.  
"You love it in your ass, don't you, bitch?"  
"I love it in my ass, Sir," she moaned.  
I smacked her ass a few times, making it jiggle as I plowed it. She was spread
  wide open from the plug and her earlier fucking, still nice and slippery. After
  a few more strokes I smacked her again and pushed her away.  
She crawled around without being instructed, fully aware of the rules of
  this game. My cock stuck straight out like a prong, and she put her red-smeared
  lips around the knob.  
"Lick the taste of your ass, cunt," I snarled, smacking her cheek lightly. "Open
  wide."  
She tilted back her head and opened so I could spit into her mouth, then
  went back to licking my cock like a candy. I started raping her mouth again.
  Then I went back for seconds of her ass, and thirds. Finally, I decided to
  give her a bit of a respite and drop my load on her face.  
"Here it comes," I told her. I grabbed her ears, squeezing them as I pumped
  deep into her throat. She started gagging, and I felt the puke rise in her
  throat.  
I pulled out just as she spit up a mouthful of bile, piss, and jizz on the
  floor. She kept her mouth open, and her eyes wide, as I pulled on my shaft
  and shot cum all over her weak and trembling visage.  
She looked up at me, truly pathetic. My cum globbed on her cheek and ran
  down over her lips. She stuck her tongue out and scooped up what she could,
  but kept her hands down.  
"You may finish your dessert," I said lightly. She used the tips of her fingers
  to scoop the jizz off her face and into her mouth.  
I untied her breasts, then quickly took off the clamps. I rubbed her tits
  roughly, kneading them like doe, stopping only to pinch her nipple and make
  her squeal.  
"Now go get clean," I commanded. She started to get up. "You don't get to
  walk. You are still my pet pig."  
"I'm sorry I made a mess," she wailed, pointing at her puke stain on the
  carpet. "Let me clean it up for you, Sir. Let your f-f-fuckpig clean it."  
"No, you won fair and square," I smiled. "Crawl into the bathroom and get
  clean. Quickly, now! I'll clean this."  
She crawled away. I heard the water come on, and the clink of the shower
  curtain closing.  
I went to the corner, picked up her pretty dress, and used it to mop up the
  worst of the stain. It was still wet, and stank like hell. The dress absorbed
  most of it.  
When Jessica came back out, she was still on all fours. Her skin was damp,
  and steamed lightly in the cool conditioned air. Her cheeks were rosy pink,
  and not just from my handprints.  
She saw her dress, and her face fell. It was priceless. I sat down in the
  chair, dialing a number on the phone, and snapped my fingers.  
"Footstool," I said simply. She crawled before me and held the position;
  she was kneeling on her dress, pushing it deeper into the damp carpet. I put
  my feet on her back.  
"Hi, Jeff. How you doing?" I said, when my old friend Jeff answered the other
  end, at Triple X Video and Novelty. "Yes, yes, it's all going well. Listen,
  I'm going to send my new slave down to pick up some things. You have my credit
  card on file, so go ahead and just charge it. Did you get my order? Great&hellip; hey,
  Jessica, I ordered a steel doggie dish with your name on it&hellip; Sorry about
  that, Jeff. Okay, here is what I want. Are you ready?"  
Jeff said he was.  
"I'm going to need a French maid's outfit. She's a pig, so get her one that
  almost fits, but not quite. Okay, and I'm going to need a good black collar.
  Have the tag read 'Pathetic.' Also, give me your best chastity belt. Great.
  Thanks, Jeff."  
I hung up, and set the phone down on her back. She was stiff as a board.
  I reached down and squeezed her teats, and found the nipples hard.  
"Okay, Jess, get dressed and go to the porno store."  
I moved my feet. She sat back on her haunches. The shower had scrubbed away
  the make-up, the jizz and spit, but her eyes were still pink and puffy. She
  picked up her dress gently, and tried to smooth it out on the floor. Over half
  of it was colored pinkish yellowish white from the mop-up job. And it stank
  like puke.  
She had bought the dress just for tonight, just to look good for me, and
  this is how I treat her. How low she must feel.  
She put it on without complaint. But her eyes silently implored me for mercy.
  Unsteadily, she got back up to her feet.  
"Do you have something to say, Pathetic?" I said calmly, standing to see
  her to the door. "If this is too much for you, then by all means don't go pick
  up my order. These things I'm buying for you, might I add. Gifts. As if you
  even deserve them! But if you choose to not pick up the order and to go home,
  then stay home. I don't want to see you again. So it is your choice."  
I opened the door for her.  
"I'll come back," she whispered, her voice scratchy from wailing and crying. "Master,
  I want to come back."  
"Fabulous," I leaned in and kissed her forehead. "I'll get dinner on. Hurry
  back."  
I shut the door and locked it.  
Humming to myself, I got dinner started. Chicken and rice, with a couple
  bottles of beer. I put candles on the table, and turned on some music in the
  background.  
Under the table, in front of my chair, I set down her place &ndash; a little
  votive candle on a place mat. When she got home, her shiny new bowl would be
  the final touch.  
The human food was just for me. She was having something else to eat. I went
  to the cupboard and took out a can of wet dog food.  
When she came back, we would have a romantic dinner. And then we'd put her
  through her paces and play with the new purchases.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  TheCheshire


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





