BDSM Library - Learning my Lesson




Learning my Lesson
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A slut is cruely punished and humiliated by her owner.Learning my Lesson 
 I'm standing in the restaurant scanning the tables anxiously.
  I was supposed to meet you here at five, but it's already five thirty. I was
  so nervous about meeting you that I changed my clothes five times and then
  got stuck in rush hour traffic. I wanted to look great for you, but nothing
  I tried on was good enough. I finally settled with a short blue skirt that
  fell only two inches below my ass, a white blouse, and black heels. I know
  my ass and legs look good in the skirt and heels, but my large breasts are
  straining against the blouse, my nipples making hard little points in the chilly
  evening air. I don't wear a bra; I know you would never allow me that small
  dignity. I notice people are starting to stare. I feel horrible because I'm
  sure you left when I wasn't there on time.  
I gasp as I suddenly feel your strong hand grab my wrist.
  I spin around and see your face glaring at me. My breath catches as I look
  into your eyes and see your disappointment at my disobedience.  
"Master, I'm&hellip;"  
I try to explain, but before I can say anything in explanation
  you are dragging me out of the door by my wrist. Pulling me over to your car,
  you open the door and roughly push me in. I start to tremble as I fix my clothes
  and turn to watch you sit down into the driver's seat. I bite my lip, feeling
  horrible that I let you down, and starting to worry about my punishment.  
"Master, please&hellip;"  
You look over to me and smile cruelly. It shuts me up as
  I shiver and my pussy grows wet and contracts. As we pull out of the parking
  lot you tell me to spread my legs and rub my clit to get myself ready for you.
  My cheeks glow hot as I lift my skirt around my waist and reach a hand down
  to my pussy &ndash; always clean shaven, as you demand it.  
It's hard to get started. Even though it's getting slightly
  dark outside, I know people could look into the car and see me touching myself
  like a whore. But I don't want to disobey you, and soon lose myself to the
  sensations. My cunt is getting slicker, and I feel myself getting closer and
  closer to cumming when pain explodes on my thigh and I hear a loud "smack." it
  takes me a second to realize we have stopped and you have slapped my thigh,
  hard. I whimper softly, silently begging you to let me finish what I have started.
  I feel like such a slut, pussy dripping on to seat, skirt hitched above my
  waist, moaning like a whore. Your red handprint stands out clearly on my white
  skin, it is beautiful to me.  
"Out, now," you demand, and the hard look in your eyes allows
  no arguments.  
Sighing, I open the door and step out of the car and look
  around. I see that you have taken us to a large park in the middle of town.
  I grow nervous and shaky, praying you are not going to punish me here, in such
  a public place.  
You walk around to me and jerk my head back pulling my hair;
  I whimper but walk as you lead me into the park. I try to look around, but
  I can't see if there are any people nearby. My heart races as you propel me
  by my hair. I stumble along in my heels, desperately trying to fix my still
  too high skirt. We walk a long time and I can tell we've gone deep into the
  trees when you push me roughly against a tree, scraping my cheek on the rough
  bark. Slowly I turn around to face you.  
"Strip for me, slut," you order  
"Master please, Im sorry, I just wanted to look my best
  for you, please take your whore home. Please let me serve you."  
Nothing, you just stare at me coldly. I start to shake and
  mumble "yes Master" before unbuttoning my blouse. Looking around, I don't see
  anyone, but I hear children playing in the distance. I slide my blouse off
  my shoulders, baring my breasts to you. My nipples become impossibly hard as
  I feel a slight breeze caress them. My breasts shake slightly as I wiggle my
  skirt off my hips and step out of it. I take off my heels and kneel in the
  grass in front of you, shaking, and naked.  
I look longingly at my clothes. It is a little cold, and
  I feel so exposed kneeling in front of you. I feel your eyes travel my body,
  taking in my hard nipples and the wetness between my thighs. I can't hide my
  arousal from you.  
"Good, stay there, don't you dare move slut"  
You pick up my clothes and walk away leaving me kneeling,
  naked, and alone. I watch you walk away in stunned silence. As you disappear
  into the trees I start to sob, crying piteously. I can't believe you would
  be so cruel as to leave me here alone. Despair hits me when you do not return
  in a few minutes. I'm shaking now, crying and moaning as I curl into a ball
  on the grass. All I can think about is how alone I am. I'm torn up inside,
  convincing myself you no longer want me.  
It seems like an eternity, but about five minutes later
  I hear your footsteps coming towards me. I look up and see you walk back into
  the clearing, without my clothes.  
"Master!"  
With a choked sob I scramble to my knees and crawl towards
  you, flinging my arms around your legs. I sob and shake, grabbing onto you
  for dear life and babbling how thankful I am that you returned to me.  
"Master, I thought you left me. Ill never disobey you again,
  but please never leave me. Th-thank you for coming back, I would die without
  you."  
I carry on, talking interspersed with sobs. You don't say
  anything; just stroke my hair softly until I finally start to calm down. I'm
  still clinging tightly to you as I look up at you. I know I look horrible,
  mascara running down my face, lipstick smeared, and eyes red from crying. I
  see that cruel smile pass your lips as you look at my face, and my breath catches
  in my throat.  
You reach down and quickly grab my wrists, jerking me painfully
  to my feet. I whimper, and lower my eyes to the ground.  
"You have displeased me, slut." I moan at your words, a
  few tears finding their way down my cheeks again. "I have decided that you
  have made me wait long enough. I am going to take my pleasure from you now,
  here. You don't have a problem with that do you, slut?"  
"No, Master" I whisper.  
"Then beg me whore, beg me to use your worthless ass"  
I look into your eyes quickly, hoping for a way to convince
  you not to take me in the park, desperately seeking some sign that you'll take
  me back to the privacy of your home. But all I see is hardness in your eyes.
  I lower my eyes again in defeat.  
"Please Master, I know Im a disobedient slut, that I don't
  deserve you, but please use me Master. That's why I'm here Master; my purpose
  in life is to serve as a plaything to you. Take my body Master, its yours,
  use me; let me make it up to you Master. Please Master; fuck my ass, my mouth,
  my cunt, anything Master, all my wholes are yours&hellip;"  
"Shut up bitch," you snap cruelly, but I hear the desire
  in your voice, and it makes my knees go weak.  
You spin me around, shoving me against the tree, pressing
  against me so hard I feel the bark scratch at my unprotected breasts. I hear
  you undo your pants. My cunt floods, and my breathing becomes harder and faster.
  My clit aches to be touched. Pleading before you has turned me on beyond measure,
  and now you are going to fuck me and I can't wait.  
Soon though, pleasure gives way to panic. I realize you
  have no intention of pleasuring me at all. I feel the head of your cock poking
  at the entrance to my ass.  
"No! Master, no. I'm not ready; I can't take you like this,
  please! Master please, it will hurt too much; don't do this to me&hellip;"  
A scream is ripped from my throat as your cock finds its
  way and plunges deep into my ass. I'm reduced to little moans and soft screams
  as you start to fuck my ass. My ass burns and throbs as you slowly move in
  and out. I realize I have been struggling against you, fighting you. But you
  have me pinned against the tree and I can't get away, and I hear you moan as
  my ass wiggles on your cock. My head is yanked back and my face slapped hard.  
"Bitch, stand still, now."  
My head sags against the tree as you let go of my hair.
  I'm sobbing and moaning now, but not fighting you anymore. My ass still hurts,
  but as I relax the hurt starts to ease. You're thrusting hard in and out of
  my ass, grinding my tender breasts against the tree with every thrust. I whimper
  softly.  
Soon the pain subsides and I slowly start to realize that
  through it all, my pussy has continued to leak fluid down my legs. My moans
  turn now to moans of pleasure as I start to rock my hips back slightly to meet
  your thrusts.  
You sense the change in me and start to laugh softly. My
  cheeks turn bright red. I'm ashamed that no matter how roughly you treat me,
  I can't help but respond to you. I need you so badly, I'll do anything just
  so you will use my body.  
"That's it bitch, you like that don't you slut?"  
"Yes Master," I whimper. "Please don't stop Master, cum
  in my ass Master. Make me cum please."  
You slam into my ass hard, forcing me flush against the
  tree. Then you are gone. You've pulled out of my ass leaving me empty. I start
  to protest, but before I can, you yank me roughly to my knees by my hair. I
  look up at you, pleading with my eyes. I open my mouth to beg and you slam
  you cock into my throat.  
I gag hard from the filthy taste of my own ass as your shove
  your cock further down my throat. My face burns with humiliation as you face
  fuck me. You look down into my tear streaked face, feel my hands clutching
  hard on your hips. I feel your cock start to swell before you throw your head
  back and start shooting your cum deep down my throat. My throat works fast,
  trying to swallow all of your precious cum. I start to choke and your cum drips
  out the sides of my mouth.  
Finally you take your cock out of my mouth. I collapse to
  the ground. You look down at me and I can only imagine the sight you see. A
  well used whore lying on the ground at your feet. Naked, makeup running down
  my tear stained face, cum running down my chin and on to my breasts, breathing
  hard, and moaning softly.  
I look up at you, and once again see that cruel smile on
  your lips. I gasp as another wave of desire hits my aching body. I struggle
  up to my knees.  
"Thank you Master, for using me as your slut. Thank you
  for feeding me your cum."  
"You're a pathetic whore; do you know that, slut?"  
"Yes Master" I whisper and lower my eyes in shame.  
"If you ever keep me waiting again, you will greatly regret
  it, slut. I'm going to walk away now, when Im gone you can drag your pathetic
  ass to look for your clothes; I have hidden them in the trees. Then you can
  find your own way home. Your home. I don't want to see you tonight, understand?"  
I sob and start crying anew. I need you to touch me, to
  comfort me. I hurt inside from your cruelty, from the fact that you don't seem
  to care about my needs at all. Sobs rack my body as I tell you that I understand.
  I moan softly as your hand reaches down to rest on my cheek. I turn my head,
  greedy for your touch, but you pull away quickly. I watch as you turn and walk
  away.  
My pussy is throbbing; you've allowed me no release. As
  I watch you walk away I bring my fingers to my soaked cunt, desperately seeking
  my swollen clit. I'm stopped short as I hear your voice trail back to me.  
"Don't you dare cum, cunt. You haven't earned the privilege
  tonight."  
"Yes Master" I whisper to myself.  
Crying with frustration I shakily raise to my feet. I smile
  slightly as I look down at my scratched a bleeding breasts, I know I deserve
  this. I make a vow to myself, to be a better slave for my Master who I love
  so much. I slowly start to walk, naked and cheeks burning with humiliation,
  as I search for my clothes.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  kira9871


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





