BDSM Library - Role Playing II - Star Lily and the Temple of Horrors




Role Playing II - Star Lily and the Temple of Horrors
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Holly and Becky continue to play their games of role-playing, this time in their new home, and its dark, cold cellar. Meanwhile, the lovely Star Lily is delivered to a terrifying sacrifice by her cruel Mistress.Role Playing II - Star Lily and the Temple of Horrors   
F/f, bondage, D/s, gothic, romantic, slavery   
   
The temple was dark and cold, the trail of spiders clearly visible in shadowed
  corners. The stone ceiling was so low that a tall man would have to crouch
  to walk around. The floor was covered with dust and crawling insects.  
Deep in the bowels of the earth, it had been forgotten for long aeons. Scholars
  might recall the foul rituals once carried out here, the summoning of monstrous
  demons and foul abominations from beyond the stars. Such deeds were so long
  past that the evil reputation of this place was now lost to history and dusty
  tomes.  
Even the altar was gone. The place where so many lovely, writhing, screaming
  maids had been led to a horrifying ordeal had been removed. The golden chains
  that had shackled their naked bodies in place were long gone. The blood stains
  had been scrubbed from the floor. Even the echo of the screams had faded.  
All was quiet and still, the temple abandoned to the ravages of time.  
But it is the nature of secrets that they be uncovered. And so it was here.  
With a crack, and the creaking of a door opening that had been closed for
  so long, there came a flicker of light, and human footsteps walked in a place
  that had not known them for millennia...  
--------  
&quot;Here's the cellar,&quot; said the landlord, a bored expression on his
  face. &quot;Plenty of room for storage. It might need a bit of dusting. The
  last lot never came down here much.&quot;  
Bloody students. He hated them. All of them. If they weren't spending all
  their time out drinking and throwing up in the middle of the street, they were
  ringing him up moaning about something in the house.  
The last lot had been here three years, and they had always been complaining
  about something or other. It had taken him weeks to clean up the place when
  they had finally left, and if they thought they were getting their deposits
  back, they could think again.  
Still, as much as he hated students, he had to admit there was a lot of money
  to be made in renting property out to them. More and more coming every year,
  and all of them looking for somewhere to live. For all that his house was quite
  small, it had one particular advantage in that it was close to the Union building.
  Made getting back from all those long nights of drinking that much easier.  
These two didn't seem like the usual type, he had to admit. Both girls, although
  he knew from experience that didn't mean much. They were just as bad when it
  came to drinking and moaning. There was just something... some vibe there...  
The first was called Becky, and she was a looker, and no mistake. One of
  those Goth birds. Black hair, lots of jewellery, wearing black with bits of
  red. Strange symbls on the T-shirt, not that he looked at her clothing much.
  Nice tits, though. And legs. Very nice legs. She knew it too, he could tell
  that much from the skirt she wore. She did most of the talking.  
The other one was a lot quieter, although when she did speak, it was to ask
  the more intelligent questions. Things like how to contact him, how to pay
  the rent, making sure they were exempt from Council Tax. She'd be the annoying
  one of the two.  
Her name was Holly, and she was from some Asian place. He thought she said
  Malaysia, but it didn't really matter. Small, petite, shy looking. Pretty enough,
  if you liked them thin. Not much in the way of tits, although she covered up,
  so he couldn't see much. Nice face. She'd be the one doing all the work while
  the other was out partying it up.  
He hoped they wouldn't want to see the cellar, because he hadn't bothered
  having it cleaned. It wasn't as if they'd want to go in it, or anything. Becky
  had asked, though. Looking at her, the landlord thought she might be a pagan
  or Satanist or something and want to do weird rituals down here. That didn't
  bother him, as long as they cleaned up after them.  
&quot;Perfect,&quot; Becky said.  
Yep, he confirmed to himself. A pagan. Ah well, at least that was the house
  taken care of for another year or two.  
----------  
The lovely Star Lily lay helpless in her bonds at the foot of her Mistress'
  bed, her mouth forced open by a cruel leather gag that parted her red lips.
  The rest of her gorgeous golden body was naked, slick with sweat, her round,
  voluptuous breasts heaving with fear and exertion.  
She was tied cruelly and efficiently in a tight hogtie, her wrists bound
  securely to her ankles, rope around her thighs and elbows, binding legs and
  arms together. She could rock from side to side, but no more than that. Already,
  her muscles were burning from the agony of the position, and she had been in
  it less than an hour.  
Her Mistress, the cruel and beautiful sorceress Senyakhaz, was pacing back
  and forth, deep in thought, the sheer, tiny black night gown that was the only
  garment on her magnificent body, caressing her curves lovingly.  
The terrified girl both longed for and feared the drawing of her Mistress'
  attention on to her. The former, because she had come to desire the caress
  of the evil sorceress. For all Senykhaz' wickedness, she was beautiful, and
  Star Lily responded to her touch easily. She had lost count of the number of
  times she had screamed in helpless ecstacy before her cruel captor. But for
  every time she had been allowed release, there had been ten or twenty times
  she had been forced to beg, on her knees or her belly, shamefully and humiliatingly
  proclaiming herself nothing more than a slave.  
And the latter, because the sorceress was evil. Star Lily had borne many
  torments at her hands, from the cruel lashings of the whip, to the agony of
  tight bondage, to the humiliations of being forced to serve her as slave, to
  the sexual frustrations of being drawn to near ecstacy and then denied it.  
A cruel and manic fervour had seized Senyakhaz since she had found the long
  abandoned temple earlier that day. Star Lily had been with her as the guide
  had shown them the forgotten shrine to evil Gods. A shiver had run through
  her as she had looked upon that foul place.  
Senyakhaz had been delighted. Star Lily had once foiled her attempt to summon
  an ancient demon lord, saving this world but dooming herself to slavery in
  the process. Sometimes, she had thought that a worthwhile sacrifice, but now
  it seemed Senyakhaz had found some new way to serve her demonic masters.  
Dark eyes flaring, the sorceress spun on her feet and stared at her helpless
  captive.  
&quot;Soon,&quot; she said. &quot;Soon, all will be ready.&quot;  
Then she advanced on Star Lily, and in no time at all, the room was marked
  with the poor girl's anguished screaming.  
----------  
The house was perfect. Affordable, near to the university, in a reasonably
  nice area. It was small, but there were only the two of them.  
And, most importantly to Becky, it had a cellar.  
Holly did not say so, but she was secretly thrilled at the prospect of the
  two of them having a house of their own. It was customary for students to rent
  private accommodation after the first year of their studies was over. For most,
  this was a source of panic, as they looked frantically for housemates and tried
  to arrange somewhere to live, trying to reconcile different lifestyles, financial
  situations and living habits. For Holly and Becky, it was easy.  
They were roommates in their Hall of Residence and had discovered a delightful
  pastime quite by accident one night. Becky was very outgoing and gregarious,
  Holly much quieter and shy.  
Holly's one secret pleasure was her books - fantasy tales of lesbian bondage
  and rape and torture. She liked to act these out, tying herself up and pretending
  to be the helpless heroines of these books, including the lovely, Asian Star
  Lily. Becky had returned home early one night and caught her.  
Something had happened between the two of them, and ever since, they had
  carried out their private role playing games together. Becky enjoyed being
  a cruel Mistress every bit as muh as Holly relished being the helpless slave
  girl.  
The only problem was that they lived in a Hall of Residence, with countless
  other students coming and going. They had to keep their games quiet, and were
  limited in their room only.  
Now, they were moving out, and had a whole house to play their games in.  
&quot;I have to clean up that cellar,&quot; Becky mused.  
&quot;Hmm?&quot; muttered Holly, drifting into a very pleasant sleep, the
  light handcuffs holding her wrists behind her back.  
&quot;I have some ideas as to what to do there. I think you're going to like
  them, Hol.&quot; She caressed Holly's side tenderly.  
&quot;Mmmm,&quot; purred the slave girl.  
&quot;Soon,&quot; Becky said, kissing her. &quot;Soon.&quot;  
----------  
Senykhaz spent weeks in frantic study, paying little attention to her lovely
  slave girl. Oh, she took Star Lily to her bed often enough, had the girl serve
  her in all the ways a slave girl did, but there was little more than that.
  Gone were the cruel tortures, the agonising bondage, the inventive humiliations.  
And that more than anything else caused the golden-skinned beauty to fear.
  Whatever her Mistress had uncovered in that abandoned ruin, she pursued with
  furious vigour. Ancient tomes and old histories she perused, everything else
  secondary, even food and drink.  
She had been a priestess once, in service to foul demonic entities. Star
  Lily still sometimes dreamed of the monster that had almost killed her. She
  had managed to drive it away in the end, incurring Senyakhaz' eternal hatred
  as a result. The thought that there might be more...  
One night, the raven-haired sorceress came to her, eyes flashing.  
&quot;I have it!&quot; she declared with drunken fervour. &quot;I have it.
  Soon, all the power I once had will be mine again. And you... the slut who
  took it all from me... you will be the vessel through which my power is restored!&quot;  
Long rituals followed. Star Lily was dragged naked from Senyakhaz's mansion
  house, to the structure over the abandoned temple. Senyakhaz had ordered some
  of the building made habitable, some of her books and tools being transferred
  to a study, and the fineries of her bedchamber likewise transported.  
From the moment she set her bare foot across the threshold, Star Lily could
  feel the malevolent power pulsing beneath the ground. Foul, ancient forces
  waited there, waited to be called, beings far removed from humanity, whose
  very presence brought madness and death. She wailed involuntarily.  
&quot;Silence, slut!&quot; snapped her Mistress.  
Fortunately, she was not immediately dragged to the temple for sacrifice.
  Star Lily understood enough of magic to know that the more powerful incantations
  required preparation and ritual. While that did not ease her terrified mind,
  she knew at least her ultimate fate would be some way off. The more powerful
  the sacrifice, the longer the ritual.  
Anything could happen in that interim time. She could escape, or be rescued.
  Senykhaz could discover an error in her studies, abandon the idea, change her
  mind, be brought down by her enemies.  
Anything could happen.  
But it did not.  
The preparation began with the naked girl being bathed in warm, oiled water,
  anointed with various herbs. Senyakhaz performed this herself, and the presence
  of her naked, ravishingly beautiful captor, sent Star Lily's mind reeling with
  desire. Her body burned with passion, and she twitched, shamefully. Senyakhaz
  noticed her arousal, and merely laughed, doing nothing to sate her, nor even
  to make Star Lily serve her own.  
Bathed and dried, the slave girl was then led to another room, where five
  ropes were bound to her body. Four were the length of a man's arm, thick and
  rough. The fifth was much longer.  
They were tied to her wrists and ankles, the ends trailing loose, not secured
  to anything. The fifth rope, the longer one, was looping around her neck to
  form a noose, and the trailing end stretched down the front of her body, rubbing
  painfully sore between her delectable breasts, between her legs, itching against
  her throbbing womanhood, and up her back, where it was tied again around her
  neck, in a second noose.  
None of these ropes were bound to anything, but Senyakhaz ensured her slave
  would not flee by chaining her in a small cage, no more than a few feet in
  height. Star Lily had to remain in an agonising position, crouched over, burning
  with desire, but unable to reach down with her hands to sate herself. She tried
  rubbing the rope hard against her cunt, but that only provoked a painful itching
  that raised her desire, rather than sating it.  
Each day, she was removed from the cage and bathed. The ropes were removed
  and symbols painted on her body in a thick black liquid. Senyakhaz explained
  in a matter of fact voice that the paint contained the blood of a virgin girl
  painfully flayed to death over a period of months. The symbols burned the slave
  girl's golden skin. They were left there for hours, and then washed away. The
  ropes were then re-applied and Star Lily was returned to the cage.  
Always, she could feel it, but most especially late at night, listening to
  Senyakhaz's cries of pleasure. She had bought a new slave girl, an plump, ebony
  skinned beauty with large breasts and long, toned legs. Her own body burning
  with unsated desire, Star Lily could feel the temple awaiting her below.  
Anything could happen. She could be freed. She could escape. Senyakhaz could
  be deposed.  
Anything could happen.  
But it did not.  
And then, one day, she was led from the cage. The rope around her neck was
  removed and replaced with a shorter one, tied into a noose, the end dangling
  in the delicious valley between her breasts. A blindfold was placed over her
  dark, sultry eyes, and she was led down. The stone steps were cold and dusty
  beneath her bare feet, and she cried out as the foul air of the unholy temple
  welcomed her, caressing her naked body.  
----------  
The new house was wonderful, but Holly could not avoid a nagging feeling
  of disappointment. After so long limiting their games in the Hall of Residence,
  to finally have somewhere all their own, without worry of the fire alarm going
  off, or nosy neighbours hearing...  
She had been expecting the wildest, most imaginative games, and yet... nothing.  
Oh, she and Becky still slept together, still had sex, but it was generally
  calm and mundane. Some ropes and little more.  
She had complained to Becky once, and her dark Mistress had smiled.  
&quot;Patience, Holly,&quot; she said. &quot;I'm working on something, trust
  me. A proper christening of the place, so to speak.&quot;  
Holly did trust her, and she was content to wait, however much she grumbled
  about it privately. The truth was, she had a lot to do. The first year was
  over, and it was the summer, but that was not a time for laziness. She had
  got a temp job and applied her usual work ethic to it. She was also already
  reading up on her course books for next year.  
She had even, at Becky's suggestion, tried writing some stories of her own.
  The two of them had come up with enough fantasies to fill a small library of
  erotica. Holly had tried getting some of them down on paper (or on computer
  disk). She had stopped that very quickly, realising that reliving all her old
  games only made her more want to play new ones.  
And of course, there was the organising all her stuff. Moving in had taken
  a long time, but even longer was the constant reorganisation of everything.
  The desk in her private room (her study, they called it, because she usually
  slept in Becky's room) had to be moved three times to catch the light properly.
  The wardrobe needed repeated organisation. She had had to find three secret
  places to hide her growing collection of erotica, the first two not being quite
  hidden enough.  
Becky, meanwhile, was just as active. She had a job herself, although with
  a much more casual attitude to hers than Holly had. She hadn't begun to look
  at next year's work, and she had dumped most of her things in a pile, sorting
  them out as and when she felt like it.  
Most of her work was done in the cellar. She had expressly forbidden Holly
  to go down there, and the Asian girl, ever obedient to her Mistress, had not.
  She had heard banging and occasional swearing, and she knew that Becky had
  been spending a lot of money. Partly at the well hidden fetish shop in town,
  but also at DIY and gardening shops.  
Holly finally found out what one Friday evening, about four weeks after they
  had moved in. She had returned home from work tired and depressed, angry at
  the poor money and the abysmal treatment of the temps.  
A note was waiting for her on the living room table.  
Slave. I expect you to be ready for me when I return. Just the
      collar. Nothing else.    
Holly read it three times, the note shaking in her hand. All thoughts of
  work or study or anything else fled her mind instantly.  
Then, realising she had been standing there for ten minutes reading it, she
  let out a yelp. She had been home late for work. It was gone six o'clock now.
  She had no idea what time Becky would be back, or even where she had gone.
  She most definitely did not want to disappoint her Mistress.  
She ran upstairs and quickly removed her clothing, throwing it most uncharacteristically
  on a pile on the floor. She stood there naked, avoiding the full-length mirror
  Becky had insisted they get. Not yet. She could not look at herself yet.  
Digging in the bottom of her wardrobe, she pulled out a cardboard box, and
  removed a thin, leather collar. Her hands shaking, she fixed it around her
  neck. It was tighter than was comfortable, but she could breathe.  
Then and only then, did she look in the mirror.  
It wasn't Holly that was staring back at her. It was a slave girl. Holly
  would never stand naked before a mirror admiring herself, wearing only a collar.
  Holly's nipples would never be hard and dark with arousal. Holly would never
  breathe faster at the sight of herself like that.  
She wondered idly who she was to be tonight. Star Lily was her favourite
  character, but she had been others. The spoiled noblewoman Tarilanna; the pale
  and tormented spy, Chase; Kara the space wanderer; Miria, on an endless quest
  to save her lover from slavery; Druuna, Sweet Gwendoline, Liu, Princess Alana,
  Cleopatra...  
She swallowed and padded barefoot downstairs, to Becky's room. That was where
  she knew she had to wait. Gently pushing the door open, her heart pounding
  at the slightest squeak, she knelt down in the middle of the room, her legs
  spread wide, her hands on her soft thighs, her head down.  
And she waited, her heart pounding, remembered all the games they had played
  before and all the ones she hoped they would play again. Wrapped up in a straitjacket
  and cruelly tormented by evil nurses; mind controlled and made to dance naked
  for her sadistic sister; drugged and tormented.  
Time passed, Becky's alarm clock ticking away regularly, each tick sounding
  in time with her heartbeat.  
She thought she heard the front door open many times, her breath catching
  in her throat, wondering if Becky had at last returned, but a long silence
  followed and she knew that she had imagined it. When would she arrive? What
  would she want to do?  
Holly was so preoccupied that she didn't notice when Becky stepped behind
  her and smoothly slid a thick cloth over her eyes. She gasped and shivered,
  losting her flawless slave position. Becky tutted, but did not stop tying the
  blindfold tightly around Holly's head. When she was done, and with a few experimental
  flicks at Holly's eyes to be sure she really could not see anything, she stepped
  back.  
&quot;Stand up, slave,&quot; she ordered, in her haughty, Mistress voice.
  Holly obeyed, thinking she smelled alcohol on Becky's breath. That, and something
  stranger.  
&quot;Legs spread.&quot;  
Again Becky, obeyed. She remained as still as she could while Becky fixed
  a leash to her collar.  
&quot;Follow me.&quot;  
Holly's heart caught in her throat. Her knees felt weak and she almost fainted.  
&quot;Yes, Mistress,&quot; she breathed, the only thing there really was
  to say.  
----------  
The lovely Star Lily found herself to be moaning uncontrollably as she was
  led into the dungeon. The air was cold and chill against her luscious, naked
  body, and it carried with it the promise of foul and terrible things. The smell
  of death hung in the air.  
The helpless girl found her bowels loosening in terror and it was all she
  could do to keep from voiding herself on the floor beneath her. As it was,
  she was shaking. Goose bumps rose all over her nude form, and her dark nipples
  were sharply erect.  
Some way into the room, she was stopped and turned around. Unable to will
  herself to resist, she was positioned properly by Mistress Senya. There was
  a structure there. She could not know what it was, but it seemed to be some
  kind of stocks.  
Her legs were spread wide, and the rope attached to each shapely ankled was
  tied to a metal ring embedded firmly in the stone floor. Her body was tiled
  backwards at an angle, her arms pulled back, stretched as far as her weary
  muscles would allow, and they were bound to similar rings fixed to posts. The
  leash around her neck was pulled up and tied to a ring in the ceiling. Star
  Lily could not see any of this, but she could hear. She had been trained to
  be observant in all things and some residue of her training still remained.
  Besides, she had been tied up often enough to know what it felt like.  
Her lovely body pulled taut, her proud breasts high and round against her
  chest, her dark nipples hard and rigid, her mouth dry, Star Lily hung there,
  terrified. Around her, the darkness had taken on a malevolence she could feel.
  There was an evil in this room, an evil that had consumed the lives and sanity
  of many before her and would, if Senyakhaz had her way, of many after her.  
But, as selfish as it might sound, Star Lily did not care about the poor
  girls that might follow her. For now, she cared only for her own survival,
  and that looked bleak. A grim certainty settled over her: that she would not
  leave this room alive. Tears began to soak her blindfold.  
Senykhaz had begun to chant, dark and inhuman words, each one ringing inside
  Star Lily's mind, carrying with it the sense of madness. She knew there were
  things in this world that were not human, that had predated humanity, that
  were so terrible and foul and hideous to look upon that their very presence
  reduced the strongest-willed men and women to madness. She had once encountered
  such a beast and had only just emerged intact. She knew that would not happen
  again.  
The air swished above her and something cracked against her lovely breasts.
  For a moment there was nothing, and then... pain. Her head fell back, her hair
  flying loose about her face, and she screamed.  
&quot;Nnooooo!&quot; she cried, her voice filled with despair and terror. &quot;No!
  Please, no! Ple... Please!&quot;  
Senyakhaz kept chanting.  
A moment later, Star Lily was whipped again. This time across her flat torso.  
The third blow was directly between her legs.  
----------  
The cellar steps were cold on her bare feet. Becky was obviously wearing
  high heels. Holly could hear them tap gently on the stone steps. She wondered
  idly if they were the stilettos, or the shin-high black boots, or the long
  red boots that went up to her thighs or...  
She moaned involuntarily and bit her lip to stifle the sound.  
What had Becky been doing down here? Holly had been forbidden to look and
  although she had been curious, she respected her lover's wishes. Becky had
  put a lot of work into this, and Holly did not want to spoil the surprise.  
Only now, with the secret about to be revealed, did her curiosity threatened
  to overwhelm her. She wanted to know. She wanted to see. How did Becky look?
  What she was wearing? What did she have planned?  
&quot;Almost there, my pretty Star Lily,&quot; Becky said, in her Mistress
  Senya voice, arrogant and imperious and mockingly cruel. So, that at least
  settled ho she was to be tonight. Where had they left Star Lily the last time?
  She was still Senya's slave, Holly thought. They had been busy with other fantasies.  
To be Star Lily again... The thought excited her. Sexy, helpless, poor little
  Star Lily. Erotic and voluptuous and the prisoner of a cruel, sadistic, powerful
  woman.  
Holly shivered.  
They reached the bottom of the stairs and turned right, Becky gently leading
  Holly through the archway and into the cellar proper. Holly ducked, even although
  she was short enough to pass under the archway easily, especially in bare feet.
  Becky would have to duck, she knew.  
In the centre of the room was a structure of some sort, where Becky bound
  Holly securely, spread-eagling her at an angle, her body tight, ankles bound
  to the floor, wrists to something wooden near the ceiling. Nothing else supported
  her, only the tightness of her bonds.  
Becky stepped up near to her, touching her lovingly in all the places she
  most liked. &quot;Are you okay, Hol?&quot; she asked, as herself.  
&quot;Yes, Mistress,&quot; she whispered, breathlessly. Her head was swimming
  with the anticipation.  
&quot;Okay. The safeword is 'Jade Pavilion'. You might not be able to speak
  it. Your mouth might be... ah... full later on.&quot;  
&quot;I hope so,&quot; whispered the suspended girl.  
&quot;We'll see about that. If you can't speak, and you want to get out,
  drop this.&quot; Becky pushed something into her right hand. It was small and
  cold, no larger than a ping pong ball. &quot;It'll break if you drop it. I'll
  hear and let you out, straight away. Got it, Hol?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, Mistress.&quot;  
&quot;Good.&quot; There was a pause, and Holly knew Becky was putting on
  her Senyakhaz persona. A hand ran slowly across her belly and up her small
  breast, caressing her dark nipple, erect with desire. A hot mouth closed over
  the nipple, nibbling furiously.  
Holly moaned. When Becky's hand reached her groin, she began to scream.  
----------  
Star Lily's luscious body burned all over with pain, invisible red lines
  running criss-cross over her. No part of her had been spared the merciless
  lash. Not her lovely, rounded breasts, her flat, toned torso, her long thighs,
  not even the special place between her legs.  
A thin film of sweat clustered across Senyakaz' magnificent body, her pale
  skin glistening in the faint light of the temple.The sorceress had been chanting,
  occasionally pausing in the whipping to utter words in a language entirely
  alien to the poor young girl so hopelessly trapped.  
The words spoke to her of something so totally alien, so utterly wrong, so
  malevolent and inhuman that they ripped through her. Screams came from her
  mouth that had nothing to do with pain or fear, although they were the cause
  of many cries also.  
Something was rising within the unholy shrine. The shadows became darker,
  the echoes of Senyakhaz' chanting and Star Lily's screams became more distant,
  as if the sound was traveklling farther before returning to them.  
Something was coming, something terrible, in answer to the sorceress' summons.  
The girl's lovely face was twisted into a visage of mind-numbing terror,
  while that of the sorceress was consumed by a sexual charge of power. Senyakhaz
  threw her head back, her long hair writhing about her face as if alive.  
She called out something, a single sound, a word...  
Perhaps a name.  
Star Lily felt it, and with a strangled gasp, she closed her eyes. Anything
  than see what it was. The girl who had shown such courage in her actions, displayed
  resilience in her slavery, who had endured torments that would have driven
  others to insanity, that girl closed her eyes for terror at what she would
  see.  
Something long and wet slid up the inside of her leg.  
----------  
Holly's whole body was tingling, vibrating with the delicious sensation of
  Becky's fingers crawling slowly all over her. Bound as she was, no part of
  her was protected from the roaming touch of her lover. The blindfold only heightened
  the experience, her other senses enhanced by the loss of her sight.  
When Becky stopped, Holly moaned, twitching in her tight bonds.  
Come back. Don't stop. Carry on.  
She knew better than to actually say those things aloud, though. She was
  a helpless slave girl at the mercy of her cruel Mistress. Asking Senyakhaz
  anything would lead to some dire punishment.  
Then again, it might be worth it...  
No. Star Lily was scared, terrified. Some of that fear was seeping through
  Holly, although in a delicious, exciting way. Star Lily's Mistress had some
  horrible fate lined up for her. In her mind, Holly was already received cruel
  blows across her exposed body, although she wondered if Becky's slow touching
  of her might be crueller than any whipping.  
Becky returned, and by the sound of it she was carrying something quite long.
  She ran one finger up the inside of Holly's mooth thigh, stopping just below
  her throbbing pussy.  
She then began wrapping something around Holly's leg. It was long and hard
  and slippery. The coils slid up and down Holly's leg, rubbing against her.
  Becky carefully rose it higher and higher, up to Holly's groin.  
Holly cried out loudly as something long and throbbing entered her pussy.
  It felt like a vibrator, but surely not long enough to reach up her leg? Unless
  it were fixed to something. What was it? What was happening to Star Lily now?  
Holly moaned, panting loudly, her hand closing tightly over the glass ball
  in her hand.  
Of course, her lust-addled mind realised.  
A tentacle.  
----------  
Star Lily let out another scream as the thing forced its way brutally into
  her soft womanhood. She had issued many cries thus far during this nightmarish
  ritual, but none like this. It was a primal, agonising cry, born of violation
  and shame and a mind-consuming terror.  
Still, she kept her eyes closed, mercifully for the frgaile threads of her
  sanity. The thing  thrust up inside her, swelling and
  forcing apart the soft lips of her sex. A foul slime dripped from it, mixing
  with her own juice of arousal.  
A violent thrust forced up deep into her, jerking her body in the tight bondage.
  Still, she kept her eyes closed.  
At first she wanted to believe that the second tendril writhing beneath her
  was nothing, just a figment of her increasingly deranged psyche. But she knew
  it was not.  
Initially, it was just a small, thin point, nudging at the tight hole of
  her nether crack, proding slowly and cautiously. Such a light touch, from however
  foul a thing, was easily unnoticed with a vile phallus raping and violating
  her womanhood.  
Then, with one sharp, wicked motion, the other tendril drop itself up into
  her back passage.  
Again, she screamed. An anguished cry more animal than human.  
And this time, her eyes opened.  
----------  
Holly's cries were far more frequent than that of the lovely Star Lily her
  mind's eye conjured, but very different in tone. Hers were the clear cries
  of a woman filled with ecstacy. The vibrator was humming inside her wonderfully.
  Her head rocked back and forward, the only part of her body that could move
  with her bound as she was.  
She could feel Becky's presence beside her, doing something. Holly did not
  know what, and she did not care. This was just...  
Oh!  
Ooooohhhhh!  
This was...  
Becky kissed the side of her face.  
Then she slowly and delicately pushed something inside Holly's arsehole.
  Smaller than the vibrator inside her pussy, and very well lubricated, it was
  moving at a slower rate. There was a moment's pain, and then a gentle throbbing.  
Oh....  
Poor Star Lily, Holly thought absently. To have to endure this...  
Oh!  
----------  
The thing was half-hidden by the shadows and the thick cloud of smoke that
  had arisen in the centre of the chamber, which was fortunate. If Star Lily
  had been able to see it clearly and unobstructed, then her sanity would have
  fled, never to return, leaving her an empty husk.  
As it was, the sight was monstrous and hideous, a thing that did not belong
  in the natural world.  
Tentacles writhed here and there, twitching in the air, as if sampling the
  new world within which it had found itself. They were of different lengths
  and widths, but all were black, dripping with a slick slime, that like of slugs
  gliding across grass, each tendril ending with a thick, rounded point.  
A number were writhing across the floor beneath the helpless girl, sliding
  randomly this way and that, their roots lost in the mass of black smoke.  
And somewhere in there, lost in the centre of the chamber, lost in whatever
  alien and unnatural world Senyakhaz had summoned it from, was the centre of
  the beast. A malign and cruel intelligence. This was no mindless beast. This
  was a creature that had lived when this world had been just dust and dreams.
  This was a being that saw humanity as nought but insects. This was a creature
  that could quench all life from this world with but a thought.  
Star Lily screamed and screamed and kept screaming until her throat was hoarse.
  She would have continued even after that, had not one of the tendrils, as thick
  as a strong man's arm, forced its way into her open mouth.  
The other members continued their violation of her holes, thrusting merciless
  inside her. More and more of them began to clamber over her body, caressing
  her thighs and belly and breasts and arms, swamping her with their mass, entwining
  themselves around her glorious body.  
But not her eyes. They were left clear, allowing the anguished and half-mad
  girl the opportunity to see what was being done to her naked body.  
And having opened them once, she could not close them again.  
----------  
Holly likewise found herself incapable of rational thought, but for a very
  different reason. Her first orgasm had come crashing down upon her like waves
  upon a rocky shore, but that had not ended the feelings of pleasure rippling
  through her. It only heighted them.  
After the tentacle had been inserted into her arse, where it still hummed,
  not pleasant but not painful either, Becky had turned her attention to Holly's
  other orifice: her mouth. She prepared that hole with kisses and touches and
  something above them. Then, another tendril was trailed down, a vibrator slick
  with some slimy substance.  
Holly did not need any encouragement. Her mind awash with desire, she opened
  her mouth, stretched her head up as far as she could, and took the phallus
  into her.  
Poor Star Lily.  
Oh!  
Poor, helpless, Star Lily!  
Tied up so... raped by some foul monster... cursed to be the slave of a cruel
  and demonic Mistress...  
Oh!  
Poor Star Lily!  
But lucky, lucky Holly.  
----------  
They wrapped around Star Lily now, almost crushing her with the pressure
  of their grip. Tears filled the girl's soft, brown eyes, the only expression
  of the torment she was now feeling. Another tendril had joined the first in
  her mouth, stretching her jaw. She could barely breath, and the air she could
  was tainted by the odour of this monstrosity.  
Star Lily had often been afraid she would die. That had been a fate she had
  been willing to accept at times, but she knew this would not lead to her death.
  That would be a blessed relief.  
This... thing would take her. This monster. This demon. This...  
She saw Senyakhaz then, walk slowly through the mass of writhing tentacles
  to stand before the black portal to the home of this beast. The raven-haired
  sorceress' face was twisted in a mask of sexual ecstacy. Her clothes were torn
  and ragged and dishevelled and she was slick with sweat.  
&quot;I call you!&quot; she cried. &quot;By the sacrifice I have offered,
  I call you!&quot; She then said the creature's name again, a sound Star Lily
  could not imagine, but that sent feverish throbbings through her mind.  
&quot;Do you hear me? I call you!&quot;  
A voice replied.  
&quot;AND WHAT DO YOU CALL FROM ME?&quot;  
Star Lily's lovely eyes widened and her body shook with the fury of a violent
  orgasm, the vile things inside her trembling and thrusting harder and harder.
  A sickness rose within her, a nausea, a violent sensation. Pain and sickness
  and arousal all at once.  
And she came again, the things still inside her, her lovely body their toy.  
----------  
Holly swallowed the vibrator above her, sucking on it furiously, imagining
  it to be some evil phallus violating her mouth.  
Tentacles. Some demonic entity raping her helpless body. She didn't have
  a book on the subject, but she had found enough pictures online, and knew of
  the infamous anime videos.  
Hentai. Tentacle rape.  
Oh!  
Perhaps next time they tried this she should dress up as a schoolgirl.  
Poor Star Lily...  
In her thrashings, in her desperate attempt to keep the vibrator in her mind,
  Holly's blindfold slipped. A few shakes of her head, and it fell away. The
  cellar was dark and whatever the tentacles were made from, they seemed realistic
  enough. The one above her was suspended from the same pole that her hands were
  bound to.  
The first thing Holly did with the renewed gift of sight was to look for
  Becky. She was sitting on the floor, cross-legged, the thin black strip of
  cloth around her waist lifted up. One of the tentacles was inserted into her
  and her face had a blissful expression.  
She noticed Holly's eyes were open and a smile crossed her face. &quot;Lost
  your blindfold, hmm? Naughty Star Lily. Mistress Senya will have to punish
  you for that.&quot;  
One hand still holding the vibrator inside her, she awkwardly walked over
  to Holly, the tentacle trailing along the ground behind her.  
She kissed and nibble Holly's breast, licking her slowly, causing the bound
  girl to twitch with peaking ecstacy.  
Then, Becky bent down, lowering her hands in something. When she stood back
  up, they were covered with a thick, lumpy green slime. Crushing Holly's breasts
  in her hands, she soaked the slime across them, trailing it down her belly.  
Oh!  
Holly closed her eyes as her next orgasm struck, just as Becky trailed the
  ooze at the tentacle inside her groin.  
----------  
&quot;I demand power!&quot; Senyakhaz called out. &quot;I offer you a sacrifice,
  as is the custom.&quot;  
&quot;ONCE I WAS WORSHIPPED IN THIS PLACE. SACRIFICES WERE GIVEN OUT TO ME.
  I DEVOURED THEIR BODIES AND BROUGHT THEIR SOULS BACK TO MY REALM FOR ETERNITY.
  AND YES, I GRANTED POWER TO THOSE WHO WORSHIPPED ME.&quot;  
&quot;Just as I demand that power now!&quot;  
&quot;AND THEN THEY ALL DIED, AS YOUR KIND DO. A SECOND TO ME, BUT MANY LIFETIMES
  FOR YOU. BARGAINS WERE FORGOTTEN. OFFERINGS NOT MADE. TIME PASSED.&quot;  
&quot;And now I make an offering to you.&quot;  
&quot;YOU DEMANDED POWER FROM ME. MORTALS DO NOT MAKE DEMANDS OF ME.&quot;  
&quot;I obeyed the laws. I followed the ritual. called you, and I gave you
  a sacrifice.&quot;  
&quot;SHE IS NO VIRGIN, BUT HER MIND IS STRONG. SHE STRUGGLES STILL.&quot; Star
  Lily revolted as the creature's attention turned to her. &quot;BUT HER HEART
  IS GOOD. SHE IS A HEROINE.&quot;  
&quot;She is a suitable sacrifice. Nowhere was it said the sacrifice had
  to be a maiden. Many of those give to you were not.&quot;  
&quot;I CHOOSE THOSE I WISH FOR MY OWN. THOSE WHO SEEK TO MAKE DEMANDS OF
  ME SHOULD HEED THAT. I WILL TAKE THOSE THAT ARE PURE OF BODY OR CORRUPT OF
  SOUL. OTHERS I WILL CONSUME, AS FREE OFFERING, BUT IF POWER IS REQUESTED IN
  TURN, THEN ONLY THOSE TWO.&quot;  
&quot;What do you mean, Great Lord? I will find another. One worthy of you.
  Will you take this one freely?&quot;  
&quot;WORDS WERE SPOKEN, AND DEMANDS MADE, AND SUCH THINGS CANNOT BE UNDONE.
  POWER WAS DEMANDED AND POWER SHALL BE GRANTED, ONCE THE PRICE IS PAID.  
&quot;THERE ARE NONE HERE PURE OF BODY, SO I WILL TAKE SHE WHO IS CORRUPT
  OF SOUL.&quot;  
One of the tentacles curled around Senyakhaz's leg.  
----------  
Becky kept touching her and caressing her, and sliding the thick slime across
  her body. And Holly came, again and again, her body bursting with passion.  
Finally, when she could bear no more, her head dropped back, exhausted. The
  tentacle above her slid from her mouth, and her head lay limp.  
&quot;Jade Pavilion,&quot; she whispered, letting go of the small ball she
  had been holding for so long.  
Gently, Becky removed the tentacles from inside her, and then helped her
  down from the chains. Holly almost collapsed, as weary as if she had run a
  marathon.  
Tenderly, Becky helped her upstairs.  
---------  
The sorceress screamed as the member curled around her fleshy thigh. She
  tried to break free, but another slid around her neck, jerking her backwards.
  More and more took her, claiming another limb.  
&quot;No!&quot; she screamed. &quot;Great Lord! No! You cannot... you...&quot; But
  then her words died and all that remained were insensate screams. Star Lily
  wondered idly if they sounded anything like hers had, that cry of animalistic
  terror.  
The tendrils began to pull back from her tortured body, crawling over, either
  back to the portal, or to the trapped sorceress. More and more of Star Lily's
  violated form became visible. The ones inside her mouth slid free, leaving
  a silvery trail across the perfection of her face. The one inside her nether
  crack pulled free. Then, only the one still pumping inside her sex remained.  
Senyakhaz was dragged, slowly, inch by inch towards the portal. Her mindless
  cries had become lost in the mass of tentacles around her, but as with Star
  Lily, her eyes were visible. They shone of utter despair, of anguished terror.  
Finally, the last tentacle inside Star Lily slid free, returning to the portal.
  Senyakhaz was pulled inside.  
With a distant scream, coming from somewhere a long, long way away, the black
  cloud vanished and the portal closed. The room was returned to darkness, inhabited
  only by the gentle girl who had just experienced a hideous violation that had
  pulled her close to madness.  
There was a long silence, broken eventually by Star Lily's wretched sobbing.  
----------  
Becky knew it would take a long time to clean up the cellar. For all her
  good intentions, she finally decided to leave it until tomorrow. It had taken
  long enough to clean up herself and Holly. The goop had been mercifully easy
  to wash away in the shower. Becky's clothes, however, were probably lost for
  good. Ah well, it wasn't as if there had been much of them.  
The sorceress garb peeled off, and her own shower done, Becky joined Holly
  in bed. The Malaysian girl was sleepy, but not asleep. She reached out and
  took Becky in her arms.  
&quot;Worth it?&quot; Becky asked.  
&quot;Oh, yes...&quot; Holly purred, her naked body delightfully warm and
  soft and just... nice, next to Becky's own. &quot;How'd you do it?&quot;  
&quot;Some garden hose, vibrators of different sizes. The goop was... you
  really don't want to know. Harmless, and even edible if we get really hungry.
  It all took some time getting together.&quot;  
&quot;I know.&quot;  
&quot;The frame's still there. I've got a lot of ways to tie you to it.&quot;  
Holly smiled, her face lit up. &quot;'love you,&quot; she murmured. &quot;I
  love you.&quot;  
Becky kissed her girlfriend's forehead, thinking back to that first night.
  Neither of them had any clue of this side of themselves before that. Not a
  bit. That had been a revelation, and not one she would abandon for anything.
  She had never put this amount of effort into anything in any of her previous
  relationships, but then she had never felt the same about her previous boyfriends
  as she did about Holly. Nowhere close.  
&quot;Whabout Star Lily?&quot; Holly asked, half-asleep.  
&quot;Hmm...&quot; Becky paused. &quot;I don't know.&quot; Then she smiled. &quot;I'm
  sure we can think of something.&quot;  
----------  
Epilogue   
   
Time passed in that foul temple, and Star Lily's fractured mind began to
  restore itself. Her body still ached with the violence of her repeated and
  multiple rape, but the greater wounds in her psyche were slowly healing.  
The memories of what it was were fading, some self defence mechanism in her
  mind activating to spare her the worst of it. She remembered well what had
  been done to her, but the actual feeling, the sight of that thing, the feel
  of its voice... That was all going.  
Food and drink would be her problem now. She had tried to free herself, but
  to no success. The ropes held her body too tight. Her muscles ached from her
  long bondage and she simply was not strong enough to manage to tear herself
  free.  
Who knew where she was? Who even knew this place existed? Had she escaped
  the hideous ritual only to starve to death here?  
If she did, then that would at least be better than the fate which now befell
  Mistress Senya. Star Lily should hate her cruel Mistress, and she knew she
  should be happy that she had received a just punishment, but she could not.  
Senya had been the first woman to truly dominate her, to show Star Lily what
  a slave she was. For all her cruelty, for all her sadism, for all her brutalities,
  Star Lily could not forget the many ecstacies she had known in the sorceress'
  arms.  
She could not live free again, not having known this, not having experienced
  these things.  
She actually found herself pitying Senykhaz.  
More time passed. Just when she had begun to accept her fate, she heard a
  noise. The sound of footsteps outside. At first, she thought it was nothing
  but her imagination, but then she became more and more certain.  
Who was it? Some of the city guard perhaps? Colleagues of Senyakhaz'? Other
  sorcerors investigating the ruins here? Someone who might intend to subject
  her to the same fate she had only just narrowly avoided.  
It did not matter.  
&quot;Help!&quot; the luscious slave girl called out. Her voice was dry and
  hoarse and the cry barely audible. She swallowed and called out again. &quot;Help
  me! I'm in here!&quot;  
A figure came into view, moving through the dark shadows of the twisted chamber.
  Star Lily could not see her face but from the curves of the silhouette it was
  clear this was a woman. A warmth began to spread through her sore body.  
&quot;Well,&quot; said the newcomer, a cruel and dominant tinge to her voice, &quot;what
  have we here?&quot;  
The End   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sarijak


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





