BDSM Library - The Institute of Advanced Sexuality




The Institute of Advanced Sexuality
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A series of case studies of women in their sixties still driven by an uncontrollable need for sex and pain in all its myriad forms.THE INSTITUTE OF ADVANCED SEXUALITY   
 Chapter 1   
 Welcome to the only place in the world totally dedicated to the study of
  the sexual habits of women fifty years and older. At the Institute we collect
  information about the sex lives of these women and offer, if needed, guidance
  to them and their sex partners. Today I will discuss the most extraordinary
  case we have ever investigated. If we did not have the body of evidence that
  has been developed over the years and the number of reliable witnesses that
  have absolutely confirmed the contents of her file I would not be describing
  the unexplainable phenomenon known as the Uber Oma.  
 The subject of this case is Olga, a woman of 64 who leads an extremely active
  sex life thanks to the loving attention she receives from her extended family.
  Olga is fortunate that she lives in the same town as a younger sister, Lori,
  who has two daughters and a son who also reside there. All three are married
  and between them they have sixteen children.  
 Unfortunately for Olga, she was unable to have
  children, which resulted in her first husband divorcing her. However he continued
  to have sex with her on a regular basis until he remarried three years after
  their divorce. Olga proceeded to remarry shortly after her ex-husband, but
  this marriage also resulted in a divorce because she began openly having affairs
  with a number of married men in the town, claiming that he could not satisfy
  her sexually.  
 For the next five years Olga remained single but
  her sexual activities caused most of the town's women to ostracize her. She
  usually had affairs with younger men who were not married, changing partners
  as they married. In her late 30s she began a lesbian relationship with a younger
  woman and this lasted nearly five years. After that relationship ended Olga
  moved in with a younger childless couple and effectively became their sex slave.  
It was during this intense relationship that Olga
  realized that she was effectively addicted to sex in all its varied forms.
  The couple also used her in experiments involving bondage, water sports, discipline,
  humiliation, bestiality and sadomasochism. To her amazement Olga discovered
  that she enjoyed almost everything they did to her. When they terminated their
  relationship with her she was distraught. She also was in very poor physical
  condition as the result of frequent beatings, daily enemas, weekly torture
  sessions, lack of proper nutrition and rest, and having contracted a number
  of debilitating venereal diseases because the couple was also allowing other
  acquaintances to use her sexually without any form of protection.  
Chapter 2  
That was the situation nearly 19 years ago. It
  took Olga almost a year to recover from the effects of mistreatment and her
  venereal diseases. During that time she effectively had to abstain from conventional
  sex. Naturally she could masturbate and did so frequently.  
 Since Olga had deep-seated feelings of inferiority
  and worthlessness she begged her sister and brother-in-law to punish her for
  bringing disgrace to the family. In fact she insisted that unless every member
  of the family punished her in some manner, she would never feel totally worthy
  of their love. That was both her salvation and the bond that ultimately made
  her such a loved and respected member of this large family.  
To Olga's surprise and delight Lori was quick to
  take her up on the offer. Soon Olga was receiving regular beatings from her
  sister. They were always given while her husband was at work. Olga would be
  made to strip naked and then be tied tightly to her bed by the corner posts.
  Lori would then whip her with a leather strap, concentrating on Olga's buttocks
  and thighs and occasionally giving her genitals and breasts attention when
  her backside needed time to heal from a particularly vicious or lengthy beating.  
 One afternoon while Lori was adding some fresh
  welts to her sister's bottom, her husband came home unexpectedly. His reaction
  surprised Lori at first, but upon sober reflection she was not shocked that
  he got a tremendous erection that he put to good use after she had finished
  thrashing her sister. From then on her husband always arranged his schedule
  so that he could witness his sister-in-law's punishment. It did not take long
  before he was taking a much more active part in her rehabilitation. It became
  necessary to gag Olga since while he was lacerating her buttocks and thighs,
  the screaming could be heard by many of their neighbors.  
One day Lori suggested that Olga fulfill one of
  her husband's fantasies, anal sex. He thoroughly enjoyed this experience although
  it was quite painful for Olga since he possessed a long thick penis and did
  not spend any time preparing her rectum for the vicious assault it took. After
  he was finished Lori gave her sister a lengthy thrashing once she placed a
  pillow under Olga's stomach, elevating her pelvis sufficiently so that the
  strap could eat away at her exposed sex.  
Within three months her brother-in-law, nephew
  and the husbands of her two nieces were regularly sodomizing Olga. Initially
  some made the excuse that they were afraid of contracting the venereal diseases
  that she had suffered, but that was only a fairy tale to hide their desire
  for something that they were not getting from their wives. In turn the four
  women of the family were now taking turns beating Olga, arguing that it was
  for her own good, but secretly doing it as a form of revenge because their
  husbands were so thoroughly enjoying using Olga. She didn't care why the things
  they were doing to her were happening; she just accepted and enjoyed the moments.  
 When the women began to take a more active role
  in satisfying Olga sexually things got very interesting. Olga's punishment
  sessions grew much longer because she now had to sexually satisfy both the
  men and their wives. It would be face down on the bed for the men who reamed
  out her anus with cruel thoroughness, pausing only to allow the women to whip
  another layer of welts into her buttocks and thighs. Then it would be face
  up so the women could take turns sitting astride her, pressing their hairy
  pubic mounds into her face so that she could suck, kiss and lick their wet
  slits. While she would be performing this activity the men would be laying
  the leather to her bouncy breasts, flat stomach and hairless pudenda.  
The women took turns shaving her genitals every
  other day with a straight razor and cold water, leaving a trail of nicks and
  cuts behind as Olga writhed in pain. This soon graduated to bringing Olga to
  orgasm manually. From there it was only a matter of time until Lori, the most
  adventurous one, decided to see if she could get her fist into Olga's vagina.
  It took plenty of time and lots of oil for her to accomplish this feat the
  first time. Within a week the women were having contests to see who could get
  their fist furthest up her birth canal, and then who could make her orgasm
  the quickest by " fist fucking " her.  
With so many people becoming involved it was not
  surprising that news of Olga's repentance and penance began to circulate among
  the townsfolk. One day a delegation of women knocked on Lori's door to discuss
  the matter. As it turned out, it was ladies day in Olga's bedroom and Lori
  invited them to see how Olga was doing her penance. The neighbor ladies were
  quite impressed with Olga's ability to take the strap and service the female
  members of her family. However many thought that the amount of punishment she
  was enduring was too little when compared to the number of intense orgasms
  she was obviously experiencing in the process.  
 It was decided that the neighborhood women would
  become involved and a full day each month was set aside for them to properly
  punish the "sinner". For the next three years, on the first Monday of the month,
  Olga would be taken to one of the neighborhood houses to do her "penance".
  Soon the men got wind of it and so the session was lengthened to allow them
  to participate after they came home from work. So on that Monday evening until
  the following dawn the lights never dimmed at the place where Olga was doing
  her penance.  
Oma Olga claims that having to endure such rigorous
  treatment over so many years has resulted in her trim figure, more like a woman
  twenty years younger than her 64 years. Once every three months Olga had to
  offer herself up to the tender ministrations of the town nurse, an overweight
  spinster who had never attracted any interest from the local men. To her way
  of thinking it was Olga's fault because of all the affairs she had with the
  eligible men of the town. Thus Olga would have to suffer greatly for her "sins" against
  the nurse. The townsfolk always looked forward to what would be done to Olga
  that day.  
There were only a few homes capable of providing
  the type of facilities necessary for the nurse to properly punish Olga. The
  bathroom had to be extremely large to accommodate a group of ladies who witnessed
  and assisted in Olga's punishment. Space was also needed for the special elevated
  frame that was now regularly used to restrain her while she was doing her "penance".
  It had the capability of allowing those involved in her rehabilitation to have
  easy access to both the front and back side of her body, thus eliminating having
  to untie and retie her for the various procedures she received during one of
  the sessions. Naturally it also allowed the participants more time to punish
  her bare, bound body. Since there were a dozen ladies, chosen by lot, who attended
  these special rehabilitation sessions, it was necessary to divide them into
  groups of four. By scheduling the first session to begin at six in the morning,
  each group would have four hours to assist the nurse as she worked on the " town
  slut".  
The nurse would arrive even earlier and be waiting
  in the bathroom with her hoses, enema bags, douching apparatus, pumps, syringes,
  solutions, ointments and salves that would be used internally and externally
  to administer to this " town temptress" the punishment that was merited by
  her sluttish ways. She would be shown no mercy by these upstanding citizens  
The ladies would make bets about how large an enema
  Olga could take that day, or how long it would take her to expel the bung that
  would be hammered deep into her rectum after she had been filled to capacity.
  They would take turns guessing how much fluid the nurse could force into Olga's
  stomach, and how large her stomach would swell before she either passed out
  or could not take anymore. Olga would lay there in agony listening to the ladies
  cackle and announce how large her abdomen had become as the nurse filled her
  with whatever fiendish concoction she had decided to use on the " town tramp".  
 Often she would be forced to swallow one hose
  before a second was run through one of her nostrils and down into her stomach
  and then still another was forced deep into her rectum. The nurse would sit
  beside the frame and watch Olga sweat, as her body was bloated slowly until
  she lost consciousness. When she was recovering they would take turns fisting
  her, while others squatted on her face, forcing her to eat their hairy, and
  often deliberately unwashed, pubes.  
 The nurse usually brought a special witch's brew
  of urine that she had collected from patients with bladder and kidney ailments.
  Their urine was so foul that it made one sick just to catch a whiff of it.
  After drinking that murky, foul smelling mixture, Olga was only too happy to
  drink any urine that the ladies cared to donate during the day.  
 She was always catheterized at the beginning of
  each punishment session and deliberately prevented from urinating for hour
  after agonizing hour as her body absorbed tremendous quantities of fluid, most
  of which naturally passed through her kidneys and attempted to enter her bladder.
  The nurse would hold a stethoscope to Olga's distended bladder while she palpitated
  it, listening for the telltale signs of an impending rupture of the membrane.
  Had the good folk been aware how often Olga was on the verge of dying from
  a ruptured bladder, they would have had second thoughts about allowing her
  to torture the woman in this manner.  
Although the nurse dominated Olga's punishment
  session when she attended, the others were less than passive. While Olga was
  recovering from some particularly vicious punishment from the nurse, the other
  ladies would have their fun with her. Olga soon learned to dread the appearance
  of the freshly cut willows that were always soaked in salt water for a day
  prior to her punishment session. There were enough for each lady, plus a few
  spares in the event that sterner measures were called for to properly discipline
  this "oversexed whore". The ladies never tired of applying the switches with
  gusto and thoroughness in the interests of making her properly suffer for being
  the whore, slut and tramp she confessed to be as her body was whipped from
  neck to ankle both back and front.  
Another torment that became a regular part of any
  session was called making sausages. Many of the women were quite jealous of
  Olga's firm, well-shaped breasts. At the request of one of the wives, her husband
  added a simple fixture to the frame that was used to restrain the "old slut".
  It allowed the ladies to stretch Olga's breasts with weights while she was
  receiving punishments such as enemas, the water cure, fisting and bladder torture.
  At first the ladies used fishing line noosed around Olga's nipples to hold
  the weights they attached. The recovering "home-wrecker's" breasts would slowly
  stretch while the thin fishing line cut into the flesh surrounding her swollen
  nipples. Often they would hang as much as three kilos from each nipple and
  leave the weights in place for as long as an hour. After a few sessions of
  this Olga's nipples became permanently swollen and ached continuously. It also
  made her sex drive increase tremendously because of the constant stimulation
  her breasts were now receiving.  
The men quickly noticed this when they "punished" her
  afterwards at the regular monthly meeting. Her passionate response to their
  hard sex organs only served to increase the amount of punishment her anus,
  vagina and mouth received from them. On the other hand it made the women even
  more insecure and thus open to finding new ways to cause Olga further pain
  and humiliation.  
It was one of the older wives who remarked that
  Olga's breasts started to look like sausages after being stretched for long
  periods of time. This caused another to suggest that they complete the process
  by wrapping the fishing line around Olga's breasts once they were properly
  weighted. This did not turn out to be a good idea since the thin fishing line
  sank too deeply into the flesh of the "town whore", and actually cut the skin.
  The ladies searched around for a better substitute and after a few very painful
  trials on Olga's sore bosoms; they finally found a cord that seemed to do the
  trick. For the next few sessions they experimented with ways to tie her breasts
  into the desired shape.  
They finally developed a technique that involved
  all the ladies. Once the " whore's tits" were properly stretched by the nipple
  weights, they would begin at the base of her breasts. The strongest ladies
  would noose and then tighten the lacing until it sank into the flesh of her
  breasts, working on one, then the other. The next set of ladies would lace
  the second section of her bulging breasts, and gradually would move up her
  swollen globes until they were neatly sectioned into five parts. This process
  would take hours to perform properly and Olga would be in agony almost the
  entire time.  
Once her breasts were trussed, they would be allowed
  to swell until the laces disappeared and her "bags" turned an ugly purple color,
  the onset of severe tissue damage from lack of blood circulation. Then starting
  at the tip of her bloated, sausage-shaped breasts they would cut some of the
  lacing every few minutes. This caused excruciating pain as the blood returned
  to her numbed "sausages". By the time the cords that had sunk deep into the
  base of her firm breasts were cut Olga would be out of her mind from the pain.
  Her shrieking would become so loud that they would have to gag her; for this
  a pair of soiled panties that had been soaking in a toilet filled with urine
  and feces was always used.  
Roughly two hours before the men would have access
  to her naked body, the ladies would focus their attention on Oma Olga's vagina
  and anal passage, preparing those orifices for the punishment they would receive
  that evening and well into the next morning. It was then that they would use
  the nurse's special ointments and salves, packing them deep inside the helpless,
  hapless "whore's holes". These potions were designed to either shrink or irritate
  the membranes that normally provided lubrication and protection for these sensitive
  regions.  
The "town tramp's" clitoris would be rubbed with
  a cream that caused it to itch and swell dramatically. It got so enlarged that
  it came completely out from its protective hood of flesh, and remained that
  way for almost the entire evening, which absolutely fascinated the men who
  would roughly handle it because they knew that it made the "slutty tramp" even
  more eager for them to fill all her "holes" with their stiff shafts. It is
  amazing that Oma Olga managed to survive this terrible treatment for so many
  years without becoming totally insane or going back to her life as the town
  tramp.  

Her tormentors would gleefully watch as a thick
  wooden implement carved in the shape of a penis was driven into Oma Olga's "cunt" and "asshole".
  This torture tool would be liberally coated with the various salves and ointments
  that the nurse had created for the express purpose of making it very painful
  for the "town tramp" to have sexual intercourse. They would urge the women
  wielding this terrible weapon to use as much force as they could to drive the
  wooden tool deep into Olga's "holes". "Fuck the pig raw! Make the slut bleed!
  Split the slut's shitter! Tear up the tramp's twat" They would scream as the
  ladies worked the tool in an out of Olga's swollen and distended orifices.  
Just before Olga would make the march to the barn
  where the men would punish her for the rest of the day and well into the next
  morning, she'd be given an ice-cold shower with her hands tied tightly behind
  her back and anchored to her neck by means of a strip of leather.  
 Then she would be forced to endure one last punishment, having to cover
  the 60 meters to the barn while the ladies formed two lines and assaulted her
  naked body with switches, nettles and even thick branches that ripped into
  her naked flesh leaving a bloody trail across her breasts, belly, thighs and
  buttocks.  
 Meanwhile the first group of men already would
  be congregated in the barn, watching as Olga was driven towards them. They'd
  watch as the naked woman, old enough to be a grandmother with her wet, graying
  hair plastered to her skull, reeled and staggered towards the barn. They'd
  chuckle as the angry pack of women delivered a steady rain of blows to her
  bare body. Despite the terrible punishment she'd be taking from the switches
  and wooden clubs, the hours she'd have spent lashed to the frame would had
  deprived her of any ability to move quickly or in a straight line. Her blotchy
  breasts with those deep purplish furrows ringing them from base to just below
  her swollen, blood-red nipples would bounce and shake as the various weapons
  the women were using scored repeated hits on them. Her clitoris, looking like
  a small plum, would twitch with each step she took. Her belly, bulging from
  all the urine her tormentors had forced her to drink from their hairy fountains,
  would move ponderously up and down as she plodded forward, giving the men glimpses
  of her gaping vagina framed by its swollen, scarlet labia.  
" Here comes the whore! Here comes the home wrecker!
  Make the bitch pay for her sins. Make her bleed from every hole. Fuck her stupid! " These
  and many other cries of anger and rage would come from the gang of furious,
  blood thirsty women. They'd have been driven into an unreasoning fury by the
  sight of her bleeding, bruised body that seemed to be eager to reach their
  husbands so that she could drain them of all their manliness, depriving the
  women of their just rewards for being faithfully married. Miraculously Olga
  always somehow managed to reach the sanctuary of the barn.  
Chapter 3  
 If the women could have read her thoughts they
  would have been horrified. Poor Oma Olga, all the torments she had endured
  until now had only made her into the very creature that her torturers feared.
  Olga was now hungry for what the men had to give her. She was ready to be "fucked
  raw". She wanted a big thick "salami" in every "hole". She wanted to drain
  them over and over. She was thirsty for their seed. She wanted to always have
  a big penis punching away inside her mouth and poking down her throat to gag
  her just before it spurted that creamy juice into her waiting belly. She wanted
  to be slammed senseless. She wanted to be stretched to her limit and then beyond
  until her vagina and anus exploded. She wanted to come. She had to come. She
  would die unless she came! Olga had finally developed into that rarest of women,
  the Uber Oma.  
Her reverie would be rudely ended as the men took
  their turn. It would usually start by one of them grabbing her in a chokehold
  and forcing her urine filled stomach to be displayed even more prominently.
  Then Olga would feel the horrible pain as another man stepped up and drove
  his booted foot into her bulging belly, causing her to begin to vomit its contents
  out through both her mouth and nose. A second and usually a third man would
  repeat the process, driving their boots into her unprotected midsection. The
  women would cheer wildly at the sight, yelling as Olga doubled over in agony. " That's
  the way to abort a pregnant whore. Do her again; make sure she gets rid of
  that bastard so they'll be room for you to load her up once more. " Again a
  booted foot would drive deep into Olga's unprotected gut, bringing another
  fountain of urine and bile up from her stomach. The man holding her would let
  Olga go, and she'd sink to the floor, retching over and over. Then the real
  fun for the men would begin.  
 Olga would soon find herself balanced on a bale
  of hay, bottom hanging off one side and head lolling unsupported from the other.
  To make matters worse one of the townsmen would be forcing her to "deep throat" his
  fat sex organ while another drove his hard length of flesh relentlessly in
  and out of her stretched and dry vagina, making her feel as if he was using
  a ripsaw on her insides.  
 The men would initially rape her without letup
  for many hours, assaulting her in pairs, although some times the younger, more
  supple ones could actually arrange themselves so that all three of her orifices
  were plugged with their stiff shafts at the same time. While the first wave
  tore her vagina and anus apart and bruised her throat with their battering
  attacks, more and more men would join the army invading her. Olga would groan
  inwardly at the sound of the barn door opening and closing, a signal that another
  group of torturers had joined in to punish her for being the sinner and tramp
  that she knew she was.  
Initially it would be torture for her as they split
  her bone-dry vagina and anus over and over. The pain would be so bad that she
  would be unable to have an orgasm, just as those who had packed her orifices
  with the astringent ointment had intended. This was pure torture; truly Oma
  Olga was doing penance at this point, wondering perhaps if at last this was
  to be her final night on this earth.  
All of her rapists would be using condoms because
  of their wives' fear that she could give the men some sort of disease that
  could infect them. The ladies seemed to take very seriously the claims that
  she still was a promiscuous slut and an unrepentant whore. This only added
  to her humiliation because after using the condom, her rapist would make her
  swallow its contents and then after it was turned inside out, suck out any
  residue that she hadn't gotten previously. These "trophies" were then hung
  on a clothesline to dry so that they could be reused. Sometimes there would
  be nearly twenty spent condoms available to be used on her again. Things would
  get a lot worse for the old town tramp.  
Olga's mind would begin to play tricks on her,
  always after her first orgasm. Prior to that she would often think that she
  had been raped to death and now was suffering in the flames of hell. The blooming
  of the heat from that first orgasm would spread throughout her entire body
  and she would shudder with delight just before she lost consciousness from
  the sensory overload she was now experiencing.  
 When she once more became aware of her surroundings,
  they would be strange and disjointed. She would feel sick to her stomach, dizzy
  and unable to properly focus her eyes. There often would be this terrible burning
  sensation radiating from her vagina and anal passage at the same time. It would
  feel as if they had been set afire. Something wet and acrid would be being
  sprayed all over her face and into her nostrils, making it difficult to breath.
  She would hear voices, angry voices. They were talking about what to do to
  her because she had had the nerve to have an orgasm while they were supposed
  to be hurting her.  
 ( To Be Continued )  
 INSTITUTE OF ADVANCED SEXUALITY   
 Chapter 4  
She would never forget the first time that she
  was taken over by her alter ego, the Uber Oma. As usual the men had hung her
  upside down by her ankles, legs wide spread. They'd been whipping her with
  lengths of knotted rope that had been soaked in brine, one man standing behind
  her, another in front. They were concentrating their efforts on her swollen
  cunt and gaping asshole, pounding away on the bruised and sore flesh. Other
  men were pissing into her face, trying to direct the streams of stinking liquid
  into her eyes and nostrils.  
 " What are we to do with this stinking whore? " one
  asked. " I know " another answered in a tone of voice that made her shudder.
  Something terrible was about to happen to her; she was sure of that. They continued
  to batter and piss on her, other men taking their turns at making her shriek
  and beg for mercy until they beat her senseless once more.  
When the battered woman regained consciousness,
  she'd been bound to a bale of hay with her pelvis elevated. " Suck you fucking
  pig! " a voice snarled as a cock pushed deep into her throat. Olga began to
  work her magic on the hard length of cock when she felt something wet moving
  over her sore crotch. There was laughter coming from the men who ringed the
  bale upon which she lay. Then Olga realized that it was some kind of animal
  that was licking her pussy. It also felt very good. Olga was unable to control
  herself once she began to respond to the treatment her sore cunt was getting.  
With a moan the one assaulting her throat began
  to empty his cum down her stretched gullet and into her belly. This distracted
  her from enjoying the tongue that was turning her cunt into a juicy mess. It
  was then that she felt something beginning to press against her sore cunt lips.
  The men laughed as Olga tried to accommodate herself to whatever it was that
  was attempting to enter her sore, swollen and very well stretched cunt. " Oh
  my god! " she thought, "It's a dog! I'm going to be fucked by a dog! "  
Fucked she was, quickly and with tremendous force.
  This was not a small animal pounding away at her. She pulled her head up and
  was confronted by the head of a Great Dane. The animal was too busy drilling
  out her cunt to even notice her attention. The men urged the dog to give it
  to her. Even though the poor brute was ignorant of their words, it sensed their
  enthusiasm and responded in kind, its hard length of dog dick pounding against
  her cervix as it furiously attacked her. The men cheered when the dog at last
  filled her tired pussy with a huge load of cum. Olga felt her juices beginning
  to flow even stronger as she realized that the dog was coming inside her and
  that it felt good. Uber Oma was now totally in control of Olga.  
That night marked the beginning of an important
  new phase of Olga's sex life, animal lovers. The rest of that first night was
  mostly pain and suffering, as the men seemed determined to make sure that nothing
  they did to her would cause her pleasure. Every time she managed to squeeze
  off another orgasm, and there were many, she was brutally punished. They pounded
  wooden wedges deep into her cunt, fucked her asshole with tree branches, whipped
  her cunt with nettles, belts, knotted ropes, and a small flail that turned
  her pussy into a bloody lump of pulsating flesh. How a woman of her age ever
  managed to survive that night was a great mystery. Even the women were shocked
  and amazed at the amount of punishment the men had given her. Olga was bedridden
  for almost a month as the result of that horrible evening. It was not until
  two months later that she was fully recovered and ready for another session
  with the nurse.  
Once more she was escorted by the ladies of the
  town to meet the nurse and be subjected to the same sorts of treatment as had
  been administered to her before. What was different was afterward when the
  men had their turn. After hours of being raped and beaten bloody by the men,
  she was once again mounted upon a bale of hay, this time to be used and abused
  by three dogs. Each was large and powerful and all seemed to enjoy the task
  of fucking her cunt until it bled, then after their knots had subsided, attacking
  her gaping asshole with the same type of animal fury, spurred on by the special
  scents that were rubbed into her holes. She also was made to suck the dogs
  off, at first to get them hard so she could be fucked, and then later as a
  source of amusement to the men who enjoyed watching her gulp down the huge
  loads of dog cum that were sprayed into her mouth. Pictures of her humiliation
  were taken and distributed throughout the town and the surrounding area.  
From that point on, animal sex was incorporated
  into her regular punishment sessions. At first her relatives were repulsed
  by her behavior; Olga could not hide her enjoyment at being fucked senseless
  by dogs. Now the townsmen escalated the punishment by having a pony fuck her.
  The animal's huge cock at first was only a source of pain, which was what they
  had intended. After a few turns with the pony, Olga's cunt began to adjust
  to this new challenge and soon she was experiencing great orgasms once more.
  Then at one session the men strapped her into the barrel, a frame used to hold
  mares in the proper position to be bred. That night she was mated to a full
  sized horse, not once but twice. By this time her cunt was bleeding profusely,
  both sets of lips had been split in various places, and the tender membrane
  separating her cunt from her asshole had been torn, requiring many stitches.
  That marked the end of her organized discipline. Once more her family became
  the only ones allowed to punish the Uber Oma that she had become.  
Chapter 5  
Now in her early 50s Olga had come to some kind
  of a crossroads in her sex life. It was painfully apparent to her loving family
  that she would always be addicted to the kinky types of sex that she was getting
  during her punishment sessions, especially the ones supervised by the townspeople.
  It was also apparent that she would not be able to survive such extreme punishment
  on a regular basis anymore. The family decided to send Olga to a doctor for
  a more thorough evaluation of her situation and possibly an approach for accommodating
  her needs without crippling or killing her.  
Olga spent nearly two months with the doctor and
  his dedicated staff. She was put through many stringent tests of her sexual
  capability and capacity and the results were truly astonishing. Her sex drive
  was many times stronger than a typical woman at her sexual peak, and off scale
  when compared to women her age. Her sex organs were extremely well developed
  and in excellent condition despite the frequent abuse they received.  
All those who had the opportunity to have sex with
  her, and that meant everyone on the doctor's staff plus their friends and other
  associates, agreed that she was a tremendous sex partner and was blessed with
  incredible endurance and the ability to have frequent and extremely intense
  orgasms. They also noted that she was addicted to such fringe behavior as water
  sports, extreme pain, lesbian sex, bondage and most of all bestiality. Her
  favorite kind of sex required the participation of multiple partners of both
  sexes plus animals, which was the very type of "punishment" she had been receiving
  regularly from the townspeople.  
 It was one of the doctors who pronounced Olga
  to be an Uber Oma, something he had heard about, but wasn't sure existed. He
  would write a number of scientific articles on Olga's sexual habits and history
  that would be well received and make his career as an expert in the field.
  He also became one of her lovers and to this day enjoys her body periodically.  
The recommendation of the panel charged with evaluating
  her was that she either be institutionalized or placed in a setting where multiple
  sex partners of both sex were readily available and interested in her sexual
  needs. Although two private hospitals made strong arguments to have Olga admitted
  for further study and possible "treatment", the second option was finally selected
  when Olga's relatives offered to provide for her specialized needs, sharing
  the responsibility for her upkeep.  
 Even though the panel realized that Olga's kin
  had other issues they wished to resolve when they had Olga at their mercy,
  they conditionally accepted the offer. In the event that it became apparent
  that Olga was being mistreated, they reserved the right to remove her from
  the family and have her permanently confined to a hospital. This threat was
  strong enough to prevent Olga's family from harming her seriously.  
To put it bluntly, Oma Olga became the extended
  family's sexual slave; available to any and all members of the group provided
  they were at least in their teens. In turn Olga had to agree to obey them under
  any circumstance and subject herself to their discipline as they saw fit.  
 A pack of dogs was procured to provide Olga with
  a reliable source of animal sex partners. Arrangements were made with various
  local farms to have Olga mated to their stock on a regular basis. Olga soon
  discovered that having sex with such animals as pigs, goats and rams was a
  truly enjoyable experience, and much less hazardous to her health than a steady
  diet of ponies and horses. Whenever the circus came to town attempts were made
  to mate her to more exotic animals such as antelopes and apes. Uber Oma Olga
  was a very happy woman.  
It has been 12 years since Olga began her new life.
  They have been very happy years, not only for Olga, but also for her loving
  family. She has managed to have sex repeatedly with every family member of
  proper age, both male and female. She has undergone severe discipline on numerous
  occasions, sometimes jointly with up to six members of the family, not including
  their animal assistants.  
 On one memorable session the Uber Oma was securely
  restrained on a frame designed to allow a wide variety of animals to have sexual
  intercourse with her. A large pack of dogs were loosed on her helpless body,
  which had been rubbed liberally with the scent of a bitch in heat. Every few
  hours while the dogs recuperated, the scent was refreshed and the dogs turned
  loose on her once more. After a session that lasted nearly six hours, she was
  taken to the stable and mated with three horses a total of five times.  
Still not totally satiated or repentant, she was
  then transported to a near by farm. She was again fixed to the frame stored
  there, and took on three pigs, a pair of goats and a ram. By then her cunt
  and asshole were almost unrecognizable, swollen and distended beyond belief.
  Returned to her home she then was taken by over two dozen members of the family,
  women as well as men. She was 58 years old and lean as a greyhound when that
  occurred. On the rare occasions that she needs to masturbate, she uses memories
  of that day to "get her juices flowing".  
THE INSTITUTE OF ADVANCED SEXUALITY   
 Chapter 6  
Although Olga is now 64, every three months she
  is still taken to the local police station and "interrogated" as part of an
  arrangement the family started with them five years ago. Olga gets plenty of
  expertly administered pain and her torturers get an opportunity to stay current
  with the latest techniques in the art of information gathering. It's always
  funny to see the reaction of the new recruits when they are confronted with
  Olga.  
 " I can't hurt this old woman&hellip; My god,
  it would be like working over my own grandmother&hellip;. You have got to be
  kidding&hellip;. " These are some of the responses that are typically made
  when she is brought into the room for her interrogation. They have already
  been told what Olga's safe word is, and it's their job to make her use it.
  It sounds very easy, but she had always proven to be one very tough customer.
  Prior to turning the new people loose on her, the chief gives his standard
  speech.  
 " I know she looks harmless, but you're looking
  at a criminal. She is well known for her lewd and lascivious conduct, corrupting
  the morals of children, incest, and having sex with animals. This is a person
  who enjoys breaking the law and it is very important to the community that
  this criminal be properly punished for these grievous offenses against the
  community and nature itself. You should be proud to take part in seeing that
  the sentence pronounced upon her by the judges of the Court many years ago
  is still being carried out as mandated. To shirk your duty is akin to being
  in contempt of Court with all its ramifications."  
" You are going to be quite surprised at how difficult
  it is going to be to make this old bitch talk. This is not the first time we've
  had this whore down here for a little party. The last time she stayed with
  us for a day and a half and we worked on her round the clock. It was kind of
  tough since she was going to appear in court to testify in another case of
  child endangerment brought against her by some local families. This really
  prevented us from giving her a couple of treatments that usually get good results."  
"For the curious among you, Olga was found guilty
  of a lesser charge, public lewdness, and agreed to do two hundred and forty
  hours of public service. Her sentence was most lenient considering that we
  had a signed confession from her for the original charge. However the public
  defender was quite convincing in his arguments for leniency and clinched his
  case by threatening her with the direst consequences if she appeared before
  the Court on this particular charge again. I believe she is doing charitable
  work at one of the local legal brothels, allowing those men and women too ugly,
  overweight or deformed to use her body to satisfy their sexual needs at no
  expense to them. Now back to the lecture, and please pay attention to what
  I have to say"  
"With the new prison uniforms that only show her
  head and hands, we don't have to worry about where we can hit her. Thanks to
  another little change in court procedure, which allows us to bring her into
  court in a strait jacket and strapped into a wheel chair, there isn't much
  we can't do to this old cunt. Before this ruling we had to worry about damaging
  her feet or beating her so badly that she could barely draw breath. There was
  always the risk that the public defender might create a situation that would
  require her to display her naked body to the judges."  
" Ever since we convinced the Court that she must
  be severely restrained at all times in the interests of public safety, we have
  pretty much guaranteed carte blanche to do whatever it takes to make her talk
  and sign a confession. We can beat her senseless, pull out her toenails; burn
  almost every part of her body. Before we would have to depend on things like
  special enemas, forced ingestion of water or electric shock to get results.
  Don't get me wrong; we still use these techniques when they make sense. For
  example, the last time we had her in here we put enough electricity through
  her to light up a small town and still she wouldn't talk. This time you will
  have the opportunity to use an electric cattle prod that has been custom designed
  for our needs. We'll save that until we've softened her up a bit."  
"You'll all notice that she's been hung by her
  elbows with her wrists in handcuffs. That's to avoid having any marks on her
  wrists, which unfortunately can be revealed even in the new prison uniforms.
  Her legs have been spread wide and she's anchored to the floor by the manacles
  on her ankles that are connected to those eyebolts buried in the concrete.
  This old bitch isn't going anywhere and there isn't a spot on her scrawny body
  that we can't get to. Just in case any of you have forgotten her safe word,
  its "I'll sign". When she says, "I'll sign", that's it. Now let's get down
  to business."  
"The first thing you want to do to this bitch is
  soften her up for the caning she's going to get. I know from experience that
  she does not like the cane. It gets her mind off thinking about sex and that
  makes her very unhappy. We will start by beating certain portions of her bare
  body with a rubber hose. To maximize the damage we would substitute one that
  had been loaded with lead shot. I think I could probably beat her to death
  in less than an hour with that little tool if I really wanted to."  
 "First I want each of you to give that scrawny
  ass of hers five good shots across each cheek. I don't want to see anybody
  whacking her across both cheeks at once. That reduces the force. You do a lot
  more damage by giving her five shots on each cheek, than if you gave her ten
  shots across both. You'll be amazed at how much that flat bottom of hers will
  swell up. Next give her three good ones across the back of each thigh, working
  down to the hollow of her knee. By the way she really goes nuts when she gets
  the cane back there. O.K., do the same routine on her calves, make them nice
  and even down to her ankles. Above all take your time; we have lots and lots
  of time."  
"Now for the front of this old pig's body, same
  number. Remember to do the fronts of her thighs first and go down to the knee.
  Wait until you see what she does when I whack her across the kneecaps or shins
  with a broomstick. That's really fun to watch. Now you have to realize that
  her belly has lots of extra padding, even if she is kind of skinny. So we're
  only going to work on a very narrow area. I want you to give her five of your
  best shots to the region that begins just above her cunt and ends at her navel.
  That pattern guarantees total coverage of her lower gut. We'll do two rotations
  since there are only four of you attending this course."  
But before we do her gut, we'll gag her. Every
  time we do her gut she always pukes up her last couple of meals. This is a
  real dumb cunt. You'd think she'd remember not to eat for at least 12 hours
  before coming over here. It's a laugh riot to watch what happens when she has
  to get rid of a lot of half digested food and the only way out is through her
  nose. I should also tell you that in the past we have used a variation of that
  on her with excellent results."  
"We put a water hose down her throat and fill up
  her stomach until she looks like she's carrying a set of overdue twins. Then
  we gag her and pound away on her belly with rubber hoses and let nature take
  its course. Sometimes she'll be kind of stubborn, you know how these hardheaded
  old people can get. Then she'll get another fill-up. This time we use a nightstick
  on that bulging belly. It takes nearly an hour before the bitch is really empty
  and ready for another conversation."  
 "I've seen this old fuck pig pass out as many
  as ten times during her second treatment. She's always totally fucked up after
  her second treatment, and if she's still stubborn, we don't load her up for
  a third round because her heart is liable to stop. So we like to hook her up
  to the generator and run low voltage electricity through her brain until it
  is so scrambled that she can't even tell us her name. That really is the best
  part of the session because we damn near ruin her for life."  
" It's not all fun and games however. If by accident
  we put her into a coma or worse yet, send her off to the big torture chamber
  in the sky, we would piss off her large family big time, and they'd make life
  miserable for me and the other cops. Look at it from their side of the fence;
  those folks have been doing their best to see that she receives the kind of
  care and attention that an old tramp like her really needs. I also know for
  a fact that certain owners of livestock and farm animals would be pretty angry
  at loosing their only source of entertainment. O K folks let's get busy and
  make this lawbreaker regret ever having crossed over to the side of evil. Just
  remember, no hitting her in the face or head, the judge can see that or she'll
  be so fucked up that she won't be any fun for anyone afterwards."  
 Chapter 7  
"Nice job people. Once more the ladies seem to
  be really getting into making this old whore regret the day she decided to
  become a criminal. I hope everyone also has noticed that our interrogation
  dummy's pussy is churning out plenty of cunt sludge, a sign that she's really
  digging what's happening to her. This is known as a win-win situation. We get
  in some good experience and she gets off a few times for her trouble."  
"Now it's time to start giving her the cane. Rather
  than review how to use this fine tool of the trade, I'll demonstrate it one
  time to refresh your memories. First you take your stance and to make sure
  it's correct, see that you can put the tip of the cane right of the area you
  want to strike. You do this by tapping her. This also alerts her that she's
  about to get some serious pain. Waiting for it can be a bitch, so make sure
  you take your time before letting her have it. Now remember to lunge and slide,
  bring the cane back as you lunge and forward as you slide. " Swooooosh&hellip;.
  CRACK! " Got her, just right. Now wait until she's had a chance to absorb all
  the pain. Notice how the place where I hit her has turned white and is now
  beginning to swell. &hellip;&hellip;. Now that's a nice weal, even if I do
  say so myself. See how she's starting to shake from the pain, keep watching
  until she calms down. Then start tapping her again and remember to lunge and
  slide before you let her have it. O.K., every one gets to give her ass four
  strokes each, two on each cheek. Once again I think two rotations are warranted.
  I want to see this old bitch shaking like a leaf in a storm. I'll take care
  of any skin that you people may miss on that swollen ass of hers."  
"This is one tough piece of old lady. She's just
  taken thirty-eight of the best, counting my six, and her ass is still in one
  piece. I guess some of you didn't believe what I said about her ability to
  absorb punishment. Oh, someone take that gag out of her mouth so she can get
  a few breaths. I'm afraid that ass of hers needs a lot more work before we
  can go on to her thighs and legs."  
 " No more, please, no more! I am begging you,
  please no more. " Olga croaked, her naked body quivering from the terrible
  pain that still radiated from her brutally beaten ass.  
 "That sure doesn't sound like the safe word I
  gave her. If she's going to babble on like some crazy old woman, she might
  as well be gagged. Someone piss on that rag and then jam it in until her eyes
  water, no more breaks for that ungrateful whore&hellip;. OK now let's line
  up and this time put some muscle into it. We'll start her off with one on each
  cheek and continue until that swollen ass looks like raw hamburger. Remember
  we have all day to do the job properly. I want to see blood flying from that
  wrinkled bottom and running down the backs of her legs before I'll be satisfied.
  Remember, she loves this despite what she says. If you don't believe me take
  a look at all the cunt juice she's making. That twat looks like a rabid dog's
  mouth."  
"Well I guess she won't be sitting down much for
  a week or three. We'll probably have to give that ass of hers a couple of shots
  of painkiller so she can sit through her trial. My guess is it won't be a long
  one. She looks to be maybe a long night or short day away from cracking, right
  on schedule I'd say. Let's move on to the insides of her thighs. This can be
  a lot of fun if you now what you're doing. There are spots in that area that
  are truly rewarding for a caner who knows what he or she is doing. Let's see
  if we can spread those legs of hers a little wider. That way you can get at
  that nice tender section on the inside of her upper thighs. Be very careful
  not to touch her pussy with the cane. Anyone who does will lose their turn
  for the rest of the session. That old pussy is my own private punishment preserve
  and no one is allowed to touch it but me."  
"Very good, very good indeed! That one drew blood.
  You get two extra for that, go to it! The old bitch is beginning to look like
  a barber pole; very nice indeed, I'm quite pleased. Careful Mr. Benton, that
  one was awful close to her cunt lips. All right ladies and gentlemen, now for
  a more challenging portion of this tramp's anatomy, that flat belly of hers.
  It's ten apiece and show her no mercy."  
"O.K. let's take a break here. I presume most,
  if not all of you have figured out that the old bag's belly is not going to
  split open like her scrawny ass finally did. Her skin is like leather in some
  places, such as her belly, and you either need to bloat her or use a special
  whip to draw blood. Maybe the next time we have her over for a little talk
  we'll use the modified coaxial cable with the exposed metal braid on that tough
  stretch of skin. While you are getting some life back into your arms I'm going
  to set up her tits for the next round of caning. She really hates this, especially
  the way we do it now."  
"Pull those jugs out of the way and don't worry
  about yanking them good and hard; she'll be getting a lot worse once we get
  the tack strips positioned properly. First tape the strip with the long tacks
  right below where her tits are attached to the chest wall. Now tape the second
  one so that those tacks are in contact with the ends of her tits. After a few
  whacks with the cane those tacks will start ripping through her nipples if
  we do it right. O K now let those knockers flop back into place and watch her
  react to those tacks starting to dig into those tit bags. Too bad she's gagged
  with that piss rag, it's fun to listen to her groan and beg when her tits are
  caned. Oh what the hell, take the gag out so she can serenade us while she's
  being whacked good and proper."  
 "Now for the fun. Form a line. Everyone gets to
  give her two of the best for this round. Then depending how much blood is flowing,
  a second round may be in order. Make me proud."  
When the first blow landed squarely in the middle
  of her tit, cutting it in two length-wise, a cheer broke out from the waiting
  recruits as Olga strained to escape the bonds holding her naked body taut.
  Her shriek of agony nearly downed out the cheer. The second crushed her nipple
  flat and a trickle of blood began its journey down her body as some of the
  tacks protruded from the edges of her heavy tits. Her cry of pain was even
  louder this time, and a broad smile broke over the face of the instructor.
  As he watched with pleasure as Olga's tits were driven into the tack strips
  over and over, he began to tell a war story.  
"You should have been here five years ago when
  this old tramp could really take a good beating. "SWOOSH THWACK!&hellip; We'd
  inject her titties with silicone oil until they were at least two cup sizes
  larger than normal, "SWOOSH THWACK!&hellip; and then we'd use broom handles
  to beat the oil out of those bulging bags. Sometimes we just injected the oil
  through her nipples; SWOOOSH THWACK!&hellip;. that must have hurt like fury
  from the noises she'd make. That bitch would pass out at least a couple of
  times SWOOOSH THWACK!&hellip;. before we had her properly loaded. I do have
  to admit that for her age, SWOOSH SPLATT!.. she is really amazing&hellip; SWOOOSH
  SPLATT! That was a good one! See how she's shaking. That means she's really
  in pain. I think she can handle another round, or perhaps two. This time it's
  one apiece, starting with her right tit and then alternating. Have at her people
  and let me hear those screams."  
So another brutal punishment session at the local
  police station continued. It wasn't until late the next morning that the safe
  words croaked from Olga's swollen lips. Once again the instructor had found
  her limit and then pushed beyond it to break her will. This time it had taken
  fire to do the trick. As the recruits stared transfixed, a fat length of metal
  had been hammered deep into Olga's asshole, stretching the tough muscle to
  its limit. Then the grinning instructor had begun to play a welding torch over
  the end protruding from between her horribly lacerated cheeks. It did not take
  long for her resolve to break, thus ending another session.  
 No one knows how long the Uber Oma can continue
  to endure these brutal interrogations. Next week, after her trial, but before
  she begins her sentence, the family is planning on taking her to the stables
  where a new stallion is going to have the pleasure of her company for the first
  time. This promises to be a very entertaining session. The following day her
  old friend the nurse will pay her a visit. The nurse is very old, but she still
  takes a personal interest in Olga's "well being". These days the nurse has
  an assistant, a young woman who seems to have the determination and will to
  provide the Uber Oma with all the punishment and pain that she deserves and
  craves. Life is good for the Uber Oma and her loving family.  
But despite all the love and support the Uber Oma
  receives from her family and friends, she still exhibits a dark side that comes
  out once or twice a month. On those occasions it is common knowledge that Olga
  reverts to her old ways and waits in the darkness in that part of town not
  frequented by too many god-fearing citizens. Until this day the " town tramp" does
  a very good business there servicing its youth who use her as their portal
  into adulthood. It is also observed that just before the bars close she is
  whisked away in handcuffs and driven to the home of the town judge, where she
  is tried, convicted, and serves the punishment decreed by his honor. A few
  days later she is returned to her home where she further atones for her sins
  of the flesh. How long will this continue is not known. The Uber Oma appears
  to thrive on the routine that she has been following for the last five years,
  and only a fool would dare to predict how much longer this special woman could
  continue existing in this bizarre environment.  

				The Institute of Advanced Sexuality


					   Chapter 8


	The Institute is happy to announce the publication of a new case study
involving a mature, oversexed woman of Teutonic descent who has been sexually
active for the past fifty-six years. It is very important for a variety of
reasons, but especially since this woman seems to have experienced many of the
same aberrations that the famous Olga study described and discussed. It would be
less than honest of us if we did not note, with deep regret, the demise of Olga
at the age of 65, still extremely active sexually and obviously still a victim
of her masochism and low self-esteem. Unfortunately for Olga, even her extended
and very loving family ultimately were unable to save her from her personal
demons.

	Those of you who are familiar with the orginal Olga study will recall
that she still suffered from periods during which she reverted to her old life
as a prostitute. In this low-esteem state she preyed upon the youth of the town,
usually having sexual relations such as fellatio and intercourse in places such
as alleys and in parked automobiles. Her behavior was well known to the
authorities who frequently arrested and punished her in private to avoid any
scandal to her family. There is some suspicion, but no proof, that there was a
type of quid pro quo arrangement between the Olga or her family and the police,
which would explain the interrogation classes that she participated in as the
suspect. A typical session was documented as part of her case study.

	Olga, the original Uber Oma, disappeared a few days after her
sixty-fifth birthday. Her birthday celebration had lastd the entire day and
night. She had sexual relations with almost every member of her extended family
along with a few close friends and naturally a number of representatives of the
animal kingdom. At that time she was described as being very happy and carefree.
Two evenings later she was observed leaving the area with a pair of younger men
who obviously were planning to have sex with this prostitute that had solicited
them and offered a very good price for her services. There were a number of
witnesses who observed her getting into their automobile.

	A week later her naked body was discovered by the river, showing
evidence of having been brutally beaten, raped in every hole, tortured and even
mutilated. There was significant evidence to support the assertion that Olga was
alive during the entire time she was being mutilated. To illustrate just what
kind of fiendish things were done to her before she died, a copy of the autopsy
findings has been appended to this document. In the following paragraphs a
summary of what those performing her autopsy thought occurred and in what
sequence, has been provided for those scholars interested in more details of
this astounding case study, rather than the ones who read this paper to derive
some form of sexual gratification from its contents.


********************************************************************************

	The subject was a white female, age 65, who showed evidence of having
suffered multiple fractures of her skull, face, the joints in both arms and legs
as well as her ribcage. Each of her fingers and toes had also been fractured in
a systematic fashion. The body was also marked with obscenities that were either
carved or burned into her flesh. Her breasts had been flayed, and the nipples
sawed off and then cauterized to prevent the loss of blood. Her flayed breasts
had been repeatedly stabbed with a sharp instrument such as an ice pick and
burned with a blow torch, probably the type used in the construction of jewelry.

	This section of the report will deal with the fractures and their cause.
The subject sustained fractures of the frontal and parietal (top) portion of the
skull, probably caused by the use of a blunt instrument. These did result in
some bleeding in the brain, but were not the cause of death. The female's right
orbital (eye socket) was fractured as well as the zygomatic (cheek), maxilla
(jaw line), and mandible (chin) areas. These were not the result of the same
blunt instrument that was used on the female's skull. A number of the female's
front teeth had been broken off at the gum line and some of her back teeth had
been extracted using a crude instrument such as pliers.

	Each of the ribs controlling the subject's breathing, fourteen in
number, had been systematically fractured using a precisely designed instrument.
It is obvious that this had to have taken place over a very lengthy period of
time, or been done just before her death, since this was not the cause of her
death. It is likely that the same instrument was used to fracture her scapulae
(shoulder sockets),the hinge region beween her upper and lower arms (elbow) as
well as the carpi (wrist bones). The fractured regions of her legs; the tibia
(shin bone), patella (knee cap) and the talus (ankle bone) were undoubtly caused
by this very specialized instrument.

	Further examination showed that all fourteen of the phlanges composing
her fingers, and a similar number, her toes, had been methodically fractured by
still another very specialized instrument since these small bone segments were
precisely broken in the same manner. It is the opinion of this examiner that the
perpetrator has some degree of medical knowledge or background to have done this
terrible deed in this manner.

	The obscenities did not show the same degree of control as evidenced by
the two methods used to mark the subject's body and the varying depths of the
cuts and burns that were used to form them. These were done with more passion,
if such a word could be used to describe this horrible crime. It is likely that
more than one person was responsible for the damage to the subject's body. The
words themselve are quite crude and not what might be expected from one with any
type of education. However this is in stark contrast to the discipline and
knowledge that was displayed by the one who fractured most of the female's
bones.

	Samples were also taken from the subject's stomach, mouth, vagina and
rectum for analysis. They indicate that the female was drugged with a variety of
chemicals including stimulants as well as narcotics. This would explain her
ability to endure such treatment without succumbing in a day or so. Traces of
semen, both human and animal were also observed. Whether any of these samples
can be used to obtain the DNA of those who perpetrated this hideous crime is
moot from a scientific point of view. Traces of other chemicals such as
hydrochloric acid, a powerful corrosive, and sodium hydroxide, an extremely
strong oxidizer indicate that these were force fed to the subject as well as put
into her vagina and rectal area. Her flayed breasts were too badly damaged from
the burns to yield meaningful information on whether they may have been injected
or deliberately brought into contact with the aforementioned chemicals.

	Just prior to her death the subject's external sex organs were removed
using some kind of a crude cutting tool. Her clitoris had been badly burned,
probably the torch had been used on it prior to being cut away from her body.
The region was also burned after the organ had been removed to stem the flow of
blood. The labia majora and minora had also been burned prior to being cut away
from the mons pubis. It was these external sexual organs that played a
significant part in her ultimate demise. They were discovered lodged in her
trachea, either forcibly inserted by those responsible for her death or
partially swallowed by the subject who was too weak from her wounds and the
trauma she had just experienced to force them through to her stomach.

	In summary, the primary cause of death for the subject was stangulation
from portions of her external sex organs that became lodged in her trachea
cutting off her ability to breathe. Auxillary causes include damage to the ribs
responsible for controlling the subject's breathing, blunt force trauma to
various portions of her body and shock induced by third degree burns.


********************************************************************************


	On the basis of the autopsy findings, which were much more detailed than
the summary presented in the above mentioned section, it is possible to develop
a scenario that is a fairly accurate description of the final week of the Uber
Oma's life. This version will now be presented in the interests of completing
this unique case history. Without our current knowledge of Olga's life and
personality traits, we could never dare to set up an element of the Institute
dedicated to delving into the psyche of the mature sex-dominated woman.

	Olga felt in the mood for some sex; she hadn't had any, except through
masturbation, since her round the clock birthday party. To assure herself of
obtaining enough sex to take the edge off her needs, she lowered her fee
considerably. The two sadists who hired her did so purely by chance; they were
only interested in picking up a prostitute who would not be missed. Being
approached by a woman her age was ideal for their purposes. Olga was so fixated
on achieving sexual release that she went with them since they told her they
wanted to have sex with her the entire night and perhaps longer if she was
capable of satisfying them properly.

	She performed fellatio on both men while they drove her to their place,
which was a vacant barn that they had turned into their hideout. The barn
concept is supported by the strands of straw that were found on her person when
her body was recovered. Once they had her at their disposal, they took turns
using both her vagina and anus. Support for this comes from the autopsy findings
showing substantial residue from numerous acts of intercourse which could only
have occurred while she was under their control.

	Before finally going to sleep they overpowered Olga and tied her to a
chair so they could begin beating her the next morning. The skull fractures seem
to support the use of a chair since the blows had to have come downward. It is
very possible that Olga may have expressed some degree of dissatisfaction with
their ability to sexually gratify her. One can imagine the irritation this
behavior would cause as it was coming from a woman probably older than their
mothers.

	 It is likely that the facial damage and broken front teeth were a
result of the lengthy beating she took the next morning. They took turns
punching her face and smashing her skull with perhaps a thick length of wood or
even a homemade blackjack. They freed her afterwards in order to be able to rape
her once again. It is possible that she attempted to bite one of them while she
was being forced to perform fellatio. This would explain why her broken front
teeth were filed down, as well as the removal of others with pliers. Those
pulled out were done strictly as a form of punishment.

	By the second day the two of them realized that the beating she had
taken so far made it impossible not to go forward with their plan to kill her,
if indeed that was their original objective. It was then that one of the pair
began to systematically break Olga's bones. It is certain that this person had
some type of medical background based on the approach that was taken. At this
point Olga was still secured to the chair and while one of them broke one or two
pairs of her ribs, the other continued to beat her with his fists and perhaps a
heavy stick, which could account for the remaining skull fractures, and the rest
of the facial fractures and possibly the fractures to her scapulae (shoulder
sockets).

	By the third day the other member of the pair became even more
aggressive, and began carving and burning the obscenities into Olga's body. His
companion continued the process of breaking their victim's bones, this time
concentrating on her hands. This would consume a great deal of time, given the
need to properly confine her so that the breaks would be as planned. There is a
high degree of confidence assigned to the belief that at least another pair of
ribs were broken as well. At this point breathing began to become quite a
painful ordeal for Olga.

	After another round of vicious rapes of all her orifices she was hung by
her wrists from a rafter in the barn and left there to shiver in the cool
night's air while they were protected from the chill by their sleeping bags.
Olga by this time was beginning to suffer from dehydration since they had not
fed her or allowed her any water. The more intelligent member of the pair may
have also decided to accelerate her demise by making her drink some water that
contained acid, not enough to kill her but certainly sufficient to turn her
throat and esophagus into raw, highly irritated flesh that made the act of
swallowing agonizing.

	On the fourth day the Uber Oma had sex with at least one dog for a
number of hours. The animal left semen traces in both her vagina and rectum.
Neither of her torturers had sex with her again since she must have appeared
hideous to them by then due to the brutal beatings and other tortures she had
absorbed. It is at this point that she received the first dose of drugs,
probably a combination of narcotics to somewhat ease her pain and stimulants
that made even a slight blow feel as if she had been struck by a tree trunk.
More of her bones were broken, probably those of her feet and toes as well as
still another set of ribs.

	On the fifth day it is likely that the one with some degree of medical
knowledge either performed or directed the flaying of Olga's breasts. This
process must have taken many hours and she probably received additional drugs to
keep her conscious so she could experience every bit of pain that this horrible
treatment produced. Her nipples were either sawed or burned off, it is not
possible to make a definitive statement on this aspect of her torture. It then
appears that the other person attacked her raw and bloody bags of meat with what
might have been an icepick, puncturing the flesh perhaps as many as eighty to
one hundred times. There is no doubt the the trauma associated with this attack
either caused Olga to go into shock or required that she receive even more
drugs. The subsequent burns were done to either add to her agony or cauterize
those terrible wounds to assure that she would be available for still more
torture.

	On the last day of her life at least the final pair of ribs supporting
her ability to draw breath were fractured. Death by asphixiation would have
followed within less than an hour as she slowly suffocated. By now she had also
ingested a quantity of sodium hydroxide, likely in the form of lye mixed in
water, and had substantial amounts of hydrochloric acid, probably the type sold
as pool cleaning solution, forced into her vagina and rectum. It is likely that
she was now in shock and this may have spurred them to the last act of
mutilation, in  hopes that the pain associated with the removal of her external
sex organs might bring her back to consciousness so they could continue to
torture her. it is impossible to know whether she was conscious when they
stuffed her severed genitals down her ravaged throat. There can be no doubt that
this brutal act finished her off almost immediately, even though she was in the
process of dying from numerous other traumas that would have killed her shortly
thereafter.

	Only an Uber Oma such as Olga could have survived this type of treatment
as long as she did. Unfortunately her ability to absorb and perhaps even give
evidence that she was enjoying it, may have spurred her killers on to the
terrible things that they did to her as each day went by with her still alive
and possibly enjoying her torments. So in a sense Olga was partially responsible
for the hellish agonies that she was forced to endure because of her tremendous
need for pain and suffering so she could rationalize her incredible hunger for
sex in all its forms.



				(To be continued)




			The Institute of Advanced Sexuality


				Chapter 9


	Frieda W's exact date of birth is unknown. She thinks she was born in
Leipzig, either in 1938 or 1939. Her first recollections were of the war that
ultimately led her family to flee towards what was to become West Germany in
early 1945 to avoid the oncoming Russian armies that were laying waste to the
countryside. During this time her mother, who was a rather attractive woman,
took on the responsibilty for providing food and shelter for the family as they
moved from town to town. Frieda often observed her mother having sex with many
different men. Her father ignored what was going on, or so it seemed to the
young child.

	It is believed that an event that took place during their trek across
war torn Germany set in motion the development of Frieda W, who ultimately
became an Uber Oma, the second one to have been discovered by the Institute.
They had sought shelter at a small farm and as she usually did, Frieda's mother,
Beate, allowed the farmer and his two sons to have access to her body. The girl
had become used to watching her mother do these strange things with other men
and so that evening she crept away from the rest of the family to spy on her
pretty mother doing these things with the trio of men.

	Beate had gone with them to their house and once she was naked, they
took turns having intercourse with her. The sons were both not only well-endowed
they had rather voracious appetites for sex, having been isolated from any
available females for quite some time. For the first time Frieda observed her
mother having anal intercourse. She did not do it willingly; the men had to tie
her hands behind her back and stuff a rag in her mouth to prevent her from
crying out as they took turns raping her anus, which bled profusely for a time
which terrified the young girl.

	She fled away to the family and pleaded for her father to save her
mother from what was being done to her. He not only refused, he took her over
his knee and gave her a sound thrashing on her bare bottom as she kicked and
screamed in frustration. Hours later her mother limped back into the barn where
the family was staying and spoke to her husband who struck her across the face
and threw her down on the straw and proceeded to have sex with her, clawing at
her bare breasts and viciously cuffing her across the face as he hammered away
inside her sore and well-stretched cunt. The rest of the family ignored what was
happening which further perplexed Frieda.

	Two days after this terrible, traumatic event, Frieda's father and her
older brother deserted the family, leaving the uncle as the only male left to
protect the three females. He exacted a very high price for taking on this
responsibility, establishing his dominance over them, as well as sexually
enslaving both women. This new order of things did not go unnoticed by young
Frieda who gave her uncle a wide berth whenever she could. Fortunately for her,
at this time he had no interest in her when it came to matters of a sexual
nature.

	Growing up in a family riven by incest was another experience that
skewed Frieda's personality strongly away from the norm. Couple this with the
breakdown in authority and discipline suffered by the defeated nation and a
fertile breeding ground for the development of this Uber Oma was established.
Although relatively uneducated, the girl was gifted with a high level of
intelligence which saved her from an even worse fate than the one that overtook
her mother and grandmother.

	Having no friends and being unable to interact with children her own
age, Frieda became withdrawn, introverted, and finally focused all her attention
on the narrow slice of the world that she was experiencing. She began recording
her observations in a journal which she kept for the next fourteen years. It is
without doubt the singlemost important documentation in existence that addresses
the formation and development of the Uber Oma as seen through her own eyes.

	In the case of Oma Olga, there is no documentation concerning her years
in prison. The only information that the Institute has been able to accrue on
much of her life was the result of interviews with persons who were related to
or knew Oma Olga at some point in her life. Here too there are vast gaps about
what transpired between Olga and the people that were part of those early sexual
relationships she formed once she was released from prison.

	During the nearly five years that the family lived and struggled for
existence in the city of Kassel, Frieda's journal, begun sometime in 1949,
recorded many scenes of depravity that would appear to be unreal to normal
society, but they were the norm while she was developing her view of the world
and what she saw as her role in it. Edited excerpts that have been further
reviewed and revised by Frieda W herself, from this marvelous record of that
period in her life, are provided here to illustrate how different her world
actually was even when compared to what was being experienced by most people
around her as they attempted to cope with postwar Germany now divided into two
camps and so very dependent on the charity of their conquerers.

	The uncle, Witold was his name, ruled with an iron hand. He treated the
two women, his sister and mother, as if they were property, or at best slaves.
Frieda became accustomed to seeing both of them moving around at their chores
without a stitch of clothing covering them. Only in the dead of winter when the
temperature would remain well below freezing for weeks at a time would they be
allowed to wear something to shield their bodies from the cold.

	Although Beate had a fine figure and was somewhere in her late twenties
or early thirties, it was the grandmother, Hilke, who captured the girl's
attention with her large pillowy breasts that hung from her chest like two huge
guords and her thick patch of graying pubic hair that curled up to nearly her
navel and had branches running up into the cleft of her buttocks. The older
woman also attracted plenty of attention from Witold as well, who thought
nothing of having sex with her in the kitchen or wherever was most convenient
when he had the urge for her well upholstered body.

	Witold also enjoyed watching the two women making love to each other. He
would insist that they do this obscene act at least once every two or three
days. Aterwards he would have anal intercourse with Hilke and then force Beate
to suction his cum from her own mother's gaping anus.

	Worse still were the other men who visited their house and used Beate in
many vile ways. Frieda still was very interested in observing her mother having
sex, even though she knew that there was nothing anyone would do no matter how
badly they mistreated Beate. She soon noticed that except for one or two of her
regular visitors most of them wanted to have anal intercourse with her initially
and then after she sucked their prongs back to life, then they would give it to
her in the cunt.

	Frieda learned that word very early in her life as that was the way men,
all men, seemed to describe not only that area between a female's legs but the
female as well. It took a long time for Frieda to figure out the reason that men
did not call her a "cunt"; it was because they were not interested in having sex
with her. All that would change before the family moved away from Kassel.

	Beate slept with Witold every night and since Frieda's sleeping area was
within a few feet of their room she heard everything that went on, and it was
considerable. Witold would often beat Beate, using either his strap or his
fists. Frieda could easily differentiate between the crack of leather striking
bare flesh and the dull thump that his closed fist made as it sank into her
tender body. Very little noise came from her mother; that was because she was
usually gagged and bound when he chose to discipline her for angering a visitor,
or not doing one of her chores properly. He always used that word "cunt" when he
was beating the woman, and the frequency with which he used it became a measure
of his anger with Beate. The other indicator was the condition she was in the
following day. On some occasions she could barely draw breath and would need
assistance from the girl in order to perform her chores.

	One day in early 1950, just before the family made the move to the
Wiesbaden area, Witold took the first step towards bringing Frieda into this
depraved world that he controlled. He ordered her to engage in oral sex with her
mother, since those who visited his place to see such things were tiring of the
performance put on by Beate and Hilke. She refused and suffered the
consequences.

	It was still winter and so for almost five days and nights she hung her
from her wrists in the cellar of the house without a stitch of clothing to
protect her from the wicked chill that seemed to be part of the place. Each
morning he would rise, come down to the cellar and beat her with his strap for
about an hour, concentrating his attack on her flat bottom, then up to her
hollow chest and finally across her bald mons that grew swollen and sore from
the beating it took day after day.

	She received only a few cups of water daily from Beate or Hilke. Once
the grandmother tried to smuggle a few table scraps down to the girl, but Witold
found out about it and not only did he beat his mother soundly for her
disobedience, he did not allow the girl to even have so much as a drop of water
for the entire day. By the third day he began a new torment, dousing the girl's
naked body with water before he turned in for the night, leaving her to shiver,
teeth chattering and her bare body cold and almost blue from the frigid
temperatures she endured.

	It was miraculous that Frieda did not contract pneumonia from this
terrible ordeal. Finally on the fifth day she agreed to do as he wished,
realizing that to continue to resist would only result in her death from
exposure to the elements or starvation. A few hours later she and Beate engaged
in sex as Witold watched and masturbated. It was undoubtedly the most
humiliating experience of her young life and it certainly left a deep scar in
her already askewed personality.

	Although most of their neighbors were focused strictly on staying alive
and trying to rebuild their homes and businesses, there were still some with
interest in what was occurring at the place which sheltered Frieda and her
family. The type of male traffic and the frequency with which many of the more
familiar faces appeared, made certain of their neighbors a bit suspicious of the
activities going on within that shabby house. This was not lost on Witold, who
began to suspect that soon he would be getting a visit from either the local
authorities or worse still, the US soldiers that still remained on German soil.

	Before anything of consequence could happen to either cause a reduction
in his business or bring the authorities down on him, he decided it was time to
pull up stakes and move to another area more comapatible with the services that
he was offering. So it was that he chose to migrate to just outside of
Wiesbaden, a popular resort area before the great war, and now slowly recovering
from the terrible years of bombing and invading armies that ravaged the land.
One of his regular customers had a contact in this new area that would be quite
useful to Witold as he started to rebuild his business there.

	All told it took nearly three months for the family to resettle just
outside the small city and begin to build up a new clientele. Frieda's role in
this endeavor had grown considerably. She was now a featured player in the
special showings that Witold arranged for his customers who enjoyed the sight of
this mother and daughter pair performing various and sundry obscene acts in
their presence. Usually after the performance Beate and her mother would offer
some additional special services to those who had become even more excited once
they had witnessed those two naked females nibbling, sucking and nursing on each
other's body.

	The numerous inquiries as to Frieda's availability for the more personal
services expected by those special clientele tempted Witold greatly and finally
after they had been in this place for almost six months, he began offering
Frieda's body to certain clients for very specific sex acts, none of which
involved penetration of the child. The response was tremendous and soon the
preteen was the cornerstone of his growing business.

	He created a little bower within the quarters they occupied for Frieda
to entertain her high paying guests. She even had her own wardrobe which
consisted of a variety of sheer pieces of specially made undergarments including
chemises and piegnoirs that teasingly revealed hints of what lay beneath.
Witold, ever the canny business man, made sure that his jewel in the crown
remained untouched. He had a peep hole installed in her trysting place so that
he could observe what was taking place when she entertained. It also allowed him
to make movies of the more interesting liaisons that he witnessed.

	In the beginning, the girl merely teased her clients, on occasion
allowing them to fondle her and kiss her brow or shoulders, but not her lips.
Gradually this esculated to her touching the client, rubbing his crotch area and
feeling the hard length of flesh that often twitched and even sometimes made a
stain grow on his trousers as she teased it unmercifully. Her uncle had spent
many long hours teaching her these subtle moves and how to control the client
with a smile, a gentle kiss or a caress in the right place.

	As she approached puberty, Frieda became more aggressive towards the old
men who came to visit her in her little parlor, bearing gifts at times and
always lusting for her lithe body that was so luridly displayed when she
performed with her mother for their entertainment. Witold began to raise the bar
of what was allowable. Soon little Frieda was stroking her old men with
practiced skill, bringing them to the little death that the French spoke of. Now
they were allowed access to her budding breasts, only to lick and kiss, but that
was a great step in the right direction for these acolytes worshipping at her
altar.

	It was during this period that one of the richest clients that
patronized Witold's business arranged to have Frieda and his daughter, who at
the age of thirteen was just blossoming, make love to each other while he
watched and masturbated. He was not the only one watching and this incredible
event was captured by Witold's camera and became an instant classic in the
underground world of child pornography. There was little that the client could
do about the matter since Witold had deliberately blocked out his face, but
threatened to show the original uncut version if the man ever made trouble for
him.

	Shortly after this, Frieda gave up her virginity to the very same client
for a fee that dwarfed any single transaction that her uncle had ever been
involved with. To the girl it was just another logical step in her progression
to the Uber Oma state which lay many years ahead in her future. Two weeks
afterwards Witold banished Beate from his sleeping room, and installed the girl
as his permanent bedpartner. This caused a great deal of friction in the
household, but Witold put down this revolt by the use of brutal force. Beate had
numerous bruises on display for many weeks after as she cavorted with Frieda for
the amusement of their audience of wealthy men.

	Then a few months later a person arrived on the scene who would have a
profound influence on the youthful prostitute. Her name was Madame Branderberg
von Lescher, a member of one of those royal families that once existed in the
old German nation. She and her consort, an extremely wealthy manufactuerer of
factory machinery who had sat out the war in Switzerland, were visiting the
recently refurbished spa located a few miles from this house of ill repute. For
reasons known only to them, she visited to make an offer to Witold that he found 
impossible to refuse. It represented nearly twenty times the amount of money
that he had received for Frieda's virginity. Realizing that his control over the
girl would wan with time, he accepted her offer and sold Frieda to them.



				(To be continued)




				The Institute of Advanced Sexuality


	     				Chapter 10


	For the next three years Frieda was held in virtual slavery by her new
owners. Since her life previous had been one of servitude to her family,
especially her uncle, this situation was not alien to her. It had some
advantages; she had a comfortable bed in which to sleep most nights and
sufficient food that was a cut above what she had grown accustomed to eating.
Then there was the clothing, garments expressly designed to show off her
physical charms and entice those her master and mistress wished her to meet and
pleasure.

	It must be acknowledged that Frieda was never employed as a prostitute
in the technical sense as long as she remained under the control of the Madame
and her consort, Leopold. She was used more as a tool for the ambitions of the
pair. They allowed some select few to avail themselves of Frieda's particular
services, but reserved the majority of her time to themselves. The Madame's
tastes ran the gamut from girls in their teens to men well past their sexual
prime. Her standards were most demanding and she was not averse to applying
discipline, some of it most severe, to those young ladies such as Frieda who
failed to meet her exacting standards.

	Leopold doted on young girls and for him Frieda was the focus of his
attentions for most of the three years that she was under his domination. Make
no mistake, he was every bit the Madame's equal in this relationship. They were
well matched to each other and there was a degree of respect that provided the
glue that kept their marriage a relatively happy union. Like his wife, Leopold
was a stern taskmaster and most knowledgeable when it came to providing the kind
of pain that Frieda deserved, while at the same time minimizing any evidence
that anything untoward had occurred to her body.

	During her stay with them Frieda was taught many new ways of giving
pleasure to both. By the time she was in her midteens she had the skills usually
associated with an accomplished courtesan. Her journal provides a great deal of
insight into her life during that period. A number of excerpts from her
remarkable chronicle are provided here to illustrate what type of life she
lived.

	The first took place a few weeks after she joined the pair. One should
always realize that these entries were written by a relatively uneducated girl
who was not familiar with the rules of grammar and the like. Therefore the
Institute has taken the liberty of substanially editing these documents while
retainng the flavor of what they described.

	"Today I took the waters for the first time. I can only hope that it
will be the last, but I know that this is a wish that cannot come true. I had
managed to offend both the Madame and the Master, something that is  quite easy
to do since I am not yet able to understand their instructions which seem to me
to be missing large chunks of information. I've already been spanked repeatedly
by the Master who has a very heavy hand, and taken the strap on a number of
times from the Madame who is merciless. However this did not prepare me for what
transpired that first day that I was taken to the bathroom located off one of
the wings of their large house. The fact that I was stark naked with my hands
securely bound behind my back made me extremely apprehensive about what type of
punishment I was about to face."

	"The large tiled room was very cold and my skin became covered with
goose bumps, partially from the cold and the rest from my fear of what they
would do to me. They had me lie on my back. The Master bound my ankes together
and ran a second loop of rope just above my knees. The Madame produced a length
of rubber tubing that had some type of connection at one end. I watched as she
attached it to the tap in the large bathtub that dominated the room. ( It should
be noted that in the future Frieda would spend plenty of time occupying that tub
while she was punished to the point that she feared for her very life. )  I
foolishly thought that perhaps she was going to splash my bare, shivering body
with cold water to intensify my discomfort or even try to nearly drown me by
holding it against my nostrils, forcing me to inhale the water into my lungs."

	"Thus I was totally unprepared when she jammed the hose into my mouth
and thrust a portion of it down my throat, causing me to gag and nearly vomit.
Alas, such was not to be, instead the hose wormed its way deeper into my throat
and in my panic I assisted it by swallowing still more of the horrid tubing. The
Madame slapped my face a number of times to bring me out of my panic. I
discovered that I was able to draw some breath despite the feeling that the hose
was fully blocking my air passage. She shouted at me to contain myself or I
would have a very bad time of things. I was still not completely clear in my
mind concerning what was about to happen, but I received my answer quickly."

	"I watched her reach into the tub and heard the sound of the water as it
rushed through the tubing that was lodged in my throat. For a time I had no new
sensations to deal with. Then I felt the coldness begin to take over my belly.
It increased quickly and then I observed my stomach beginning to round. At about
the same time I began to feel full, as if I had just eaten a large meal. The
Madame rubbed the skin of my belly and pressed it inward slightly. That action
caused a twinge of pain in my stomach. I grunted and she smiled, a smile that
frooze my blood. Then it was the Master's turn to toment me."

	"The first thing he did was to open the tap further so that the water
flowed even faster into my bulging belly. The first cramp started and it felt as
if someone had kicked my stomach. I was amazed at how big my gut became, I was
positively bulging and the pain was growing by the second. The Madame cautioned
him that my young stomach was not made for such rough treatment at this stage. I
remember her words that it was better to break me in gradually so I would be
able to last longer and longer every time they did this terrible thing to me. He
grumbled, but stopped the flow completely to allow me to regain my composure."

	"This did not mean that he stopped tormenting me, far from it. His big
hand pressed down on my dome shaped gut and the pain was so great that tears
came from my eyes. Then he thumped my tight skin as if it was a drum and the
agony became even greater. I had never experienced such pain in all my life.
Perhaps this is how a woman feels when she gives birth I thought to myself,
since my bulging belly was so big that it looked as if I was pregnant. I wept
and began to pray as the tap was opened once more."

	"While I slowly got more and more full and watched my belly get bigger
and bigger, the Master amused himself by sticking his fingers into my cunt and
moving them around in that tight space to cause me even more distress. Then I
noticed that it was becoming very difficult to get enough air into my lungs. It
felt as if a large hand was pressing down on my chest, squeezing the air from my
body. In truth it was the first sign of the most insideous effect of this
terrible torture."  	

	"I did not realize it then, but  my poor belly was now expanding
anywhere it could as more and more water rushed into it. What I was feeling was
my poor stomach pressing up against my lungs and squeezing them down.The flatter
they got the less air I was able to get. Soon I was not able to draw even a
little breath into my lungs. I thought I was about to die and began praying to
God for mercy. Then it started to grow dark and I was sure that death was coming
for me. That is the last thing I remembered until I awoke, since bound hand and
foot, still on the cold tile floor and with my belly still hurting. However I
was able to take small gulps of air and that made all else disappear for a time.
Then the next phase of the punishment began."

	"My stomach was still so big that I had difficulty seeing what was
happening directly in front of me. So it was that I could see the Master
kneeling before me, but it wasn't until I felt his fingers beginning to
penetrate me once more, that I realized that they were not done with me yet. My
cunt began to feel almost as full as my poor belly as he shoved one finger after
another into me. I began to become quite frightened when his fat thumb wedged
its way into my stuffed cunt. I had already experienced the pain that came when
I was given a thorough fisting by one of their friends. Until now, neither he
nor the Madame bothered to do this to me."

	"I was able to watch his face as he began my torture. I felt pressure, a
great deal of pressure inside my cunt as his fist formed. I grunted to let him
know that he was hurting me badly. His face got a bit red and the pressure
increased steadily. I tried to scream, but the hose still filling most of my
throat allowed me to at best create a whistling sound. My whistle became higher
pitched as his fist made a move inside my cunt, pushing its way deeper into my
narrow tunnel. By now his face was approaching scarlet and he was breathing
hard. He was so intent on what he was doing that I could have been on the verge
of death and he would not have noticed."

	"My fears made breathing more difficult, I could not help it, I was
loosing control of myself from the combination of his huge fist splitting apart
my cunt and not being able to get enough air into my lungs. My panic caused me
to once again lapse into unconsciousness. His fist was still there when I awoke
but that horrible hose had been removed from my throat. At last I was able to
fill my lungs, I felt reborn! Now all I had to do was concentrate on the pain
that he was generating in my cunt as his fist slolwy moved another small
fraction into me. The fullness was hard to describe. I could feel every inch of
my cunt, it was stretched to the point that I feared it would rupture, drowning
me immediately in a sea of blood. I knew very little of my own body. I had yet
to realize just how flexible my tunnel could become when stressed.It was about
then that the Madame made her presence felt once more."

	"It was as if her smooth shaven cunt could blot out the sun; that is the
way I felt as she began to lower it onto my face. Again I began to panic. Would
she settle herself on my face and suffocate me as her husband continued his
relentless assault on my poor sore cunny? For this day that was not to be, but
there were times when I began to prepare myself to once again meet my maker in
whatever lay beyond this miserable existence I now led. I knew what was expected
of me and I immediately began worshipping her fat lipped cunt with my tongue as
if my life depended upon it, and part of me firmly believed that it did."

	"The next movement of my Master's fist caused my confidence to collapse.
The pain seemed unbearable and I lost control of things. My water logged stomach
began to rebel against the water making it stretch to its limits and seemingly
beyond. A torrent of this liquid spewed from my mouth, drenching the Madame's
cunt. She let out a loud cry and immediately removed herself from the fountain
that was spurting from my mouth. The Master was not so deterred, his fist made
yet another move deeper still. It went black for me and remained that way for
many hours."

	"I have no idea how I was transported from there to the comfort and
security of my own bed, but when my eyes opened I discovered I was under the
covers and neither the Master nor the Madame were in sight. My stomach felt very
sore as if it had been struck repeatedly with some type of club, but as my
probing hand soon told me, it was no longer bulging with water, a great
blessing. My throat however felt as if it were on fire. Despite the pain, my
exhaustion won out and I quickly nodded off to sleep."


				 ( To be continued )










&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Institute of Advanced Sexuality - Chapter 11



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After a very lengthy delay, I've decided to continue this story. Postings will be made "no later" than one month after the previous chapter has been published, provided the operation of the BDSM site is not compromised by technical difficulties.







 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This second excerpt from her diary is an astonishing revelation into what was happening to the former upper class as they struggled to regain their former positions after the war. This takes place when Frieda was probably no older than fifteen, and had been with the countess and Leopold for approximately a year. Once again this entry has been edited to make its contents more readable and easier to understand.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" One day in the Spring, the Madame informed me that I was to make a full and frank confession of my sins to a priest who was visiting her and Leopold. At that point in my life, I had no knowledge of sin or its meaning. In my world there was only good and bad. Good meant rewards such as clothing and little gifts from those who were pleased with my conduct. Bad on the other hand meant punishment, pain and suffering caused by my inability to fully satisfy the desires or needs of those who sought my company. To my way of thinking the world was divided into good and bad. Good was the desired state and all my energies were focused to that position in life. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" Then there came a day that made my simple life become much more complex. Madame von Lescher called me into her parlor and after some chitchat got down to business. This was her normal way of giving me instructions concerning a person that had power and influence over me as well as the Madame. She identified this one as Father Ignatius, a priest who had the ear of many high ranked members of the Church. He had deigned to hear my confession and the Madame urged me to be totally frank and honest about my activities. She added that I would be expected to atone for my sins of the flesh, an odd way of describing what made others happy. I was nearly totally ignorant concerning confession and atonement, but that didn't seem to cause my mistress any worry. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" Later that very day I was ushered into a nearly darkened room, lit only by a flickering candle. I could barely make out a shrouded figure hunched over in a large wooden chair, his hands clutching its arms. He bade me to come closer and as I neared, his features came into view. His gray hair was thick and seemed to grow wild, coming down well over his ears. What struck me were his eyes that were a pale green like those of a cat. His attire was mostly simple, a cloak, shirt and trousers covering his form but his boots were of leather and had been buffed until they glistened. When he spoke, his gravelly voice made the hair on the back of my neck grow stiff. I could barely make out his words that rumbled from his chest. He pointed to the floor in front of his chair and told me to kneel. I did as he ordered and found myself staring into those cat's eyes and listening to those strange noises coming from his lips. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" Never had I heard such words as he used. I was unable to truthfully answer most of his questions, which irritated him to no end. Words such as fornication, sodomy, and lascivious and lewd behavior were foreign to me. Once he explained them to me I had to confess them. He asked for dates and names of those who aided me in these "sins". I must admit that I had heard that particular word often, but never quite understood its meaning. He seemed angry with me for what I had done, calling me a handmaiden of the Dark One, another title that meant very little to me. He became so incensed that he rose from his chair, rising to his full height and towering over me. It was then that he pronounced my sentence; only he called it penance. If I failed to do what was decreed, I was doomed to burn forever in hell despite what treasures I may have amassed during my meaningless life. He made me swear to atone in the way he proscribed here and now. I was too frightened not to obey his admonishments, even though I was not sure of the meaning of these words. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" It became even stranger when he ordered me to remove my outer garments in order that he might examine my body for signs of the demon. I recalled Madame telling me to make sure I wore the white dress with the bows. Then with a wink, something I had never seen her do previously, she told me that beneath the dress I should only be clad in a vest, not a brassiere, and matching panties, naturally in white as well. Finally to complete my attire and make myself as enticing as possible I must wear white shoes plus hose attached to a lacy white garter belt. It was beginning to dawn on me that the Madame knew a great deal more about this priest than she would reveal at this time. Now as I removed my dress, taking my time to undo the bows that seemed to hold the attention of the old priest's eyes, it became apparent that I was a gift for this man. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" Something seemed to anger him when my dress was removed to reveal my under things. His breathing changed and the priest's hands trembled. I could do nothing but await his next move, which was not long in coming. He pointed a shaky finger at my garter belt and in a wavering voice pronounced it to be a sign that the demon was within my body. I was taken aback by his observation, which seemed to anger him even more. Suddenly he was upon me and in the blink of an eye I found myself draped over his lap as he seated himself and began to administer a vigorous spanking to me. My poor bottom offered little protection from the rain of blows that fell upon it. I was no stranger to this type of activity, and even must confess that I did enjoy it on occasion. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" I felt his cock beginning to harden and poke against my belly. It was good to know that this old priest was no different than the men I entertained for the Madame. He must have realized that he had been unmasked, for suddenly I found myself on the floor, looking up into his green eyes. He stood over me and in a trembling voice commanded that I remove my sinful garb so he could assess just how strong the demon's grip was on me. I did as he ordered, recalling the Madame's instructions that he was very influential and was to be obeyed. Even as I divested myself of the last items covering my torso, he licked his lips nervously. Soon I stood before him in just shoes and hose, the rest of my under things piled in a neat grouping at my feet. He wheezed as his eyes ran up and down my bare body, taking in my pert breasts and shaven pubic mound. I held my breath as he tweaked one of my nipples, causing it to harden quickly. This brought a knowing smile to his lined face and a comment that the demon indeed dwelled within my body. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" He changed his mind about my penance, forcing me to use the chair seat to support my body that was now bent at the waist. He ran his hands over my bottom, occasionally stopping to pinch an area and gauge my reaction. I couldn't hold still whenever this happened and I could hear him laughing in that rumbling manner. Things grew much worse when I felt a finger inserting itself into my puss, quickly being joined by another to stretch that tight opening which held such power over men, and a few women as well. I moaned almost against my will from the sensations that were caused by this invasion. He acted amused and pinched my bottom once more to see my reaction. I was unprepared for the hard slap and then another that sounded like pistol shots as they flattened the firm flesh of my bottom. Then he pronounced my penance and told me that it would be carried out here and now, despite any intrusion by the evil power that apparently controlled me at this time. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" I was not prepared for the strap that he used. The first blow made me rise up and almost lose my balance. He waited for me to regain my composure and then the strap came down across my bottom for the second time. I could hear him gasping from breath after each blow, but he continued to make contact with my bottom working from the top portion and moving downward. I kept count and it took him ten strokes to cover my hindquarters. There was a pause of perhaps a minute while he caught his breath, then those fingers probed my depths as before, searching for signs of the demon. Evidently my wetness was a sign to the priest that the evil creature still held sway over me. He determined that my penance was not sufficient, and he continued to strike me, now moving over the backs of my legs making it feel as if they were on fire. Now there was not the same amount of flesh acting as a cushion from the strap. I ground my teeth and did my best to stay calm and not cause the priest to hit me harder than what he had done so far. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" My approach only made him more angry. I tasted the strap on the hollows behind my knees and I screamed. Then the strap came down on the narrow crevice between my now swollen bottom cheeks. The pain was excruciating and my entire body now trembled from each blow that ate into my flesh. I had long since lost count of now many times that piece of polished leather had done its work, but my demon did not appear ready to vacate my body. By now I was soaking and the scent from my puss permeated the small room that we occupied. The old priest redoubled his efforts, calling on his master to give him the strength to drive the evil from this sinner. Now he ordered me to stand and raise my arms skyward. He made me step back from the chair, providing more of my bare body for his strap. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" I didn't know from where he was getting his energy, but the blows he struck were as strong or stronger than the first few that landed on my body. To me it felt as if hours had passed since this terrible beating began. Now the new areas that were made available were even more sensitive than the originals. The first blow across my breasts felt as if he had cut them in half. My poor nipples were flattened and left tingling. Before I could even draw breath to scream, a second blow followed, landing in the same region and causing me to double over in agony. He began to literally dance around my body, landing blow after blow with that hissing strap. I began to wonder if he and not I was the one possessed by the demon. Where else would he be getting this additional energy? He started to walk the strap down the front of my body, first my poor breasts until they were swollen, then crisscrossing my stomach before arriving at my puss. His initial strokes missed the mark, but still terrified me at the prospect of enduring the pain that his strap would cause once it hit the target. "&nbsp; 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" His accuracy improved tremendously and my poor puss was soon weeping as the leather strap ate into the tender flesh. Now he had me stand with my legs as far apart as possible so he could decorate the insides of my thighs a well as continue to turn my puss into a lump of sore, swollen flesh that would not be usable for days, at least that is what I thought. To my surprise his fingers were able to easily penetrate my secret place and discover that the demon was still in command of my body. This infuriated the priest who redoubled his efforts to drive the evil spirit from me. Finally he tired to the point that he could no longer wield that cruel length of leather. He reached out and twisted one of my sore breasts until I whimpered and my legs trembled. Looking me full in the face he declared that the best he could offer me at this time was conditional absolution. I had no idea what these words meant, but I nodded and was thankful for small favors. With that he told me to dress and leave him, but to expect another session in the very near future. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" I returned to my room and waited for further instructions from Madame, but none were forthcoming. My wounds, such as they were, did not impede me from bathing, eating in the kitchen that evening, and going off to bed without any word from either the Madame or her husband. My sleep was fitful, with much tossing and turning. I awoke a number of times, but could not recall any dreams. By morning most of the damage made by the priest had already begun to disappear. That is not to say that my body would have been acceptable to many of Madame's friends. Early that afternoon the Madame and I discussed my meeting with the priest. I was as diplomatic as possible, but the truth be told and so it was. She listened without making any comments or judgments. Then she informed me that a second and much more stressful meeting had been planned for tomorrow. In the meantime she had arranged for a tryst later this afternoon with a young man and his bride to be. My portion of the tryst was to demonstrate certain actions that the young woman might be expecting. For some odd reason the couple had never had sex with each other prior to their wedding. Things went very well and did take my mind away from the prospect of facing the old priest and once more confessing my sins, such as he claimed them to be. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" That night I had one nightmare after another. I'd wake; sweat pouring from my body, my mind in turmoil trying to separate reality from the dream. The old priest appeared to me in many disguises. He was a snake that coiled around my body and crushed the life from it as his fangs sank into my breasts again and again. He was a soldier of an army peopled by skeletons, chasing me down the twisted streets of a small town with doors and windows tightly shuttered. In another he was a stinking cloud of gas that entered me via my nostrils and eardrums and began to burn away the insides of my body as I screamed and tore my hair in agony. The worst by far was the nightmare where I was heavily pregnant and just about to deliver. In it he was a doctor hidden behind a mask urging me to push and push so that the evil would at long last be exiled from my body. By morning I was close to madness, frightened for my very life at the prospect of facing another session with the green-eyed priest. I was unable to eat that morning. An hour later one of the Madame's servants presented me with a roughly made cloak and told me that this would be the only covering I would wear to my meeting with the priest. This did not sit well with me, but I had no choice in the matter. Roughly an hour later, a young man barely out of his teens came to escort me to my meeting with the priest. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" Our meeting was in another, more spacious room. My guide led me into his presence and took a position behind the chair in which he sat, his eyes glued to mine. I could not meet his gaze but for a few seconds before I had to look away. The old priest laughed and made a comment to the young man about my possession by a demon. The young man's eyes glittered and my blood ran cold. This time the priest was clad in tailored clothing with splashes of color that seemed to be almost out of place. I noticed a large ring on his finger, with a stone the color of blood. Then I saw an ornate piece of dark wooden furniture covered in places with what appeared to be brightly colored cushions. Upon closer examination I saw the straps attached at a number of points. I suddenly realized that this device would be employed at our meeting, and likely I would be the one to occupy it.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (To be continued - jethro jodhpur)





 















&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Institute of Advanced Sexuality - Chapter 12





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" My confessor, that is what I was to call him from then on, gestured that I should remove my cloak. I did not feel at all comfortable about exposing my body to both him and the young man. This was odd since being nude among those who came to visit Madame and her husband did not give me the same feeling. Madame had taken great pains to make sure that I would do exactly what the priest requested of me. There was no way to avoid pain and suffering by resisting, and yet there probably would be an equal amount of pain and suffering distributed by the priest before I left his presence. I took a deep breath and opened the clasp on my cloak to reveal my naked body. The priest's eyes appeared to glow at the sight of what I had revealed. However it was the reaction of the young man that frightened me even more. He took a step towards me and then almost as if an invisible hand had reached out, stopped abruptly in his tracks. The old priest made that rumbling sound that passed for laughter and I could see the color rise in the young man's face. I knew that trouble with him was inevitable, and steeled myself for it. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "The priest made me turn around very slowly so that they could get a good look at my bare body and the marks from yesterday's confession. My confessor was pleasantly surprised that most of the marks were in the process of disappearing even after only a day. Looking up at his assistant, who is what I presumed he was, the priest directed him to begin the process of fixing my body to the ornate fixture. I knew it was futile to resist, so I made no movements to hinder him in fulfilling his task. He treated me as if I was an inanimate object, which was totally unexpected. Soon I found myself in a kneeling position, my lower legs strapped tightly against the smooth, polished wood that gleamed in the candle light from the fixture that stood nearby. My breasts rested on a wooden plank while my arms were pulled to the sides and fastened to the fixture with more straps. I gasped and strained against my bonds when the assistant pinched my bottom to check my restraints. They both laughed at my reaction to his test. He nodded to the priest and my confession began. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" He had the chair moved so he faced me, his face now loomed up before me and I could smell his breath. I couldn't help noticing that his eyes strayed to my breasts as he spoke about my sins and the demon that lived within me. There was nothing I could say in response to his words. This did not sit well with him and he nodded to his assistant who had taken up a position behind me. The first blow was unexpected. It split my bottom at the center running from one side to the other. Unlike the strap wielded by my confessor previously, this was a much different sensation and had a much more powerful force behind it. I blinked at the tears that sprang from the corners of my eyes, and then a second blow followed, only an inch or so higher than the first. The pain was intense and I struggled to free myself from the straps that held me fast to the wooden fixture. The priest leaned even closer to me and I felt as if his tongue could lick away the tears that were running down my cheeks. Still another stoke was dealt to me by the young man, and this time I screamed from the pain. I could feel the blisters forming across my bottom from these three terrible lashes. Now the verbal probing began and it was a lengthy and most painful process. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" I was made to confess to various sexual transgressions as the priest described them. His assistant helped the process along by applying stroke after stroke to my blistered rump, making sure that the tip of whatever he was using now and then invaded the crevice between my plump cheeks that soon felt as if they were on fire. It seemed as if the older my confessed sex partner, the more intense was the beating my bare body underwent. By now the young man was whipping the backs of my legs and on one particular occasion he managed to stripe the soles of my feet with one quick stroke that brought a harsh shriek from my hoarse throat. Finally the priest called a halt to the proceedings so he could investigate whether the demon still remained hidden inside my body. His fingers intruded into my private places and came away dry as dust, much to my relief. That did not sit well with my confessor who was certain that the demon had merely moved to another secret place where it would wait out the storm. Things became even more stressing once the priest admitted that the usual places were empty of the demon's spore. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" He and his assistant discussed what to do to me next as if I were merely a piece of furniture, rather than a person. However they soon were whispering back and forth and laughing like conspirators. I had no idea what they were planning to do to me next, but it was quick in coming. Without warning the young man came into view and I finally saw what he had been using, a cane. I'd seen what this implement could do to a woman's flesh, but until now I had avoided it. He brought this terrible weapon down in an arc that ended with it flattening my bare breasts just above the pink nipples. I lost control of my bladder, which angered him, and so my poor breasts received a series of cruel strokes that left them covered with lines of blistered flesh. The last blow felt as if the cane had torn the nipples from their moorings. The pain was so intense that I brought up my breakfast that infuriated them both. The priest made a call to someone in the mansion, and soon one of the kitchen workers arrived with a bucket and cleaned up my mess to the satisfaction of my tormentors. During the entire time she never looked at me, acting as if I wasn't even in the room despite the fact that she had to touch my person on occasion to rid it of some of the vomit that congealed on my skin. I was strangely relieved when she finally left the room. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" I immediately regretted my impatience over her leaving. My confessor was still quite angry at my behavior and decided to have me further punished by his assistant. I was horrified to realize that my welted bosom was to be the target once more. He took his time and made sure I did not escape this torture by fainting. The priest informed me that I was to receive ten of the best on my tits for my impertinent attitude toward the holy sacrament of confession. I had very little idea of what he was saying, but each vicious blow embedded his words into my brain. The young man seemed to be enjoying his task, even teasing me by feigning a stroke, only to stop its flight only inches from my badly bruised and quite swollen breasts. I was on the verge of passing out when the priest stopped him from doing further damage to my poor budding breasts. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" There remained still more and it was quick in coming. I felt the young man's hands on my hips, holding them steady. I wanted to not believe what he planned, but he proved my instincts to be correct. The sound of a zipper opening was too familiar for me to avoid readying myself for an intrusion that would involve more than just a few fingers. His hands gripped my hips once more and this time I felt his cock attempting to open my rear entrance. My mind was whirling with questions. What was I to do? Should I merely accept my fate and hope it passed quickly and without any pain? Should I resist, and by that action convince the priest to call a halt to what this young man had planned for me? Before I could come to any conclusion, he solved my&nbsp;&nbsp; questioning by thrusting himself through my weakened defenses and into one of my private places. There was not too much pain, just enough to let me know that I was resisting to a degree and paying a price for my efforts. What happened next was not new to me and so it is not worth describing in any detail. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; " Afterward I offered no resistance when the straps were loosed and I was made to bend backwards so that the front portion of my bare body was now available for punishment. I started crying when the young man pushed the tip of his cane into my secret place and kept increasing the pressure to force it further and further into my birth canal. I began pleading that if he continued; I would not be able to bear children in the future. That brought loud laughter from the pair. The tip of the cane was removed and the straps retightened to hold my bare body in this new position, one that made many of my most vulnerable parts easily accessible for the cane or any other whipping implement they chose. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" This fixture was an amazing piece of wood, able to bend my body into the type of position that the old priest wanted. I was now arched with my legs parted sufficiently so that the insides of my thighs as well as my puss could be whipped with that cruel cane. I was to discover to my dismay that the young one would revisit my welted, bleeding breasts and turn them into twin pulsating lumps of raw meat that would immobilize me for the better part of a week. However even that would not protect me from further brutality from this team of fiends. By the time I was ready to leave the mansion and emigrate to the northern wilderness, almost every part of my body had been whipped to a frothy mass of throbbing flesh. I recall taking fifty of the best over a period of some hours while friends of Madame and her husband drifted in and out of the area in which my naked body was being brutalized. What stands out the most from that particular event was that the Madame herself came and watched dispassionately as the last five strokes were delivered to my bleeding bottom that was so swollen that the skin burst in spots. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" I was unconscious by the time the priest decreed that further efforts to drive out the demon from my bleeding body had to be put aside until I was well enough to continue making my confession. I remained bed ridden for three days before Madame decided I was strong enough to resume confessing my sins to the old priest and his assistant, who turned out to be a priest as well. During this period of calm there was opportunity to develop a litany of sins to confess to my two tormentors. They seemed to enjoy hearing me agree that I was possessed by a demon who lived deep in my puss, but who could migrate from one place to another in my body depending upon what was being done to find it. The young priest, his name was Damon, used the cane and other implements to drive the demon from one spot to another. The old priest now played an active role in the struggle by inserting his entire hand into my puss and moving it the length of my birth canal to make certain that the beast was not hiding somewhere in that tight tube of flesh and sinfulness. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" They gave me no rest. When I wasn't being whipped, Damon was using my entryways fore and aft. For a young priest, he had a good knowledge of my secret spots and used every one to his advantage, but the demon always seemed to be one step ahead of him. An old woman made an appearance at least twice during one of my confessions to make sure that the demon was unable to impregnate me. The foul mixture she used caused me more pain than all but one or two ferocious beatings I took from the young priest. I quickly learned that as long as he was whipping my bottom or thighs to tatters, I was safe from his stiff prick. As soon as the cane started whistling through the air on its way to my swollen, sore puss, I steeled myself for another type of beating, one that left my insides feeling as or more sore than the opening to my secret place. Worse still was his discovery of just how sensitive my underarms were. It took him some time before he learned to make me scream to the heavens and implore his god as well as any others I could name to save me from this agony. Once my last secret was brought to light, I belonged to them and would do anything to avoid the pain they could create within me. It was this final defeat that allowed them to negotiate with Madame and her husband for my eternal services as they so described my servitude. This done I joined them in traveling by ship to the strange land across the ocean that I had never seen. "





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued - jethro jodhpur)&nbsp;&nbsp; 











&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Institute of Advanced Sexuality - Chapter 13



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The two priests and their sixteen year-old charge, Frieda W, booked passage on a ship bound for America. They had barely enough funds to cover the cost of the small cabin, and had to resort to other means to get enough money to purchase such necessities as food and the like. It soon became apparent that Frieda was the only coin of the realm available to them. It was their good fortune that a friend of Madame von Lescher had also booked a first class passage on the same ship, and knew of their precarious situation. He became the first customer for the services of the teenager. She was astonished to discover that her customer had brought along another woman, and wanted the three of them to enjoy each other. As it turned out, they took full advantage of Frieda to the point that the girl spent the majority of her time tightly bound while they took turns using her body. As it turned out, the gentleman kept a diary that included a rather detailed description of the events that took place between the three of them over the duration of the trip that lasted nearly two weeks, most of it fighting rough seas and two separate storms.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once they restrained Frieda with ropes that kept her spread-eagled to the bed they took turns on her naked body. The man spent the majority of his time either pounding away inside the teenager's tight pussy or having her suck his cock to make it serviceable for another go at her cum soaked cunt. His companion amused herself by making the girl lick her pubes or suck his cum from her well-used cunt. On occasion she would scoop his cum from Frieda's pussy and feed it to the teenager while her companion chewed on the teen's cunt lips and tried to get his fist into her puffy pussy. His failure to achieve his goal of fisting the girl's cunt intrigued the woman who successfully performed this activity after a few failed attempts. Frieda had to be gagged to stifle her screams as the woman's fisting mistreated her still relatively immature cunt. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After many hours of forced sex, the man decided to sodomize the "prostitute", which was exactly her status as far as he was concerned. Frieda's legs were untied and the woman seated herself on the girl's face while she held Frieda's legs up and spread wide. Her male companion managed to penetrate her anus and despite her struggles, he was able to perform this sex act. Twice he had to withdraw in order for his female companion to harden his shaft with her hand. During the second rest period he forced the teenager to use her mouth to finish the task begun by his female companion. This allowed him to accomplish his objective and fill Frieda's bowels with his watery offering. There still remained one more disgusting activity which the woman performed, inserting her finger deep to the girl's gaping anus and coming up with some of the cum her companion had deposited. He had to pinch the teenager's nipples to force her to clean the finger of the woman that had been deep inside her asshole. Buoyed by her success, she repeated this activity and once more made their "harlot" participate in this act.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The woman escorted her down to the cabin where the two priests waited for her return. She knocked on their door and announced her presence before leaving. The disheveled appearance of the poor girl worked against her, even though she had obtained the agreed upon price for her services. Immediately Bernard, the old priest, insisted that she make a full and frank confession describing in detail all the sinful activities in which she engaged. Naturally this was done while she was in the nude and kneeling on the cane that would be used to administer her penance. Even as she confessed, the young priest had removed the belt from his trousers and used it to beat her as she sobbed and begged for mercy from Bernard as he probed for every foul thing in which she was involved. When she claimed that being restrained freed her from being a sinner, he flew into a rage and added twenty stokes with the strap across her whorish tits to be added to her penance. This was the start of her downward spiral that would ultimately create the second known Uber Oma.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She took the cane in a standing position, her hands clasped behind her neck, legs spread to the limit of her tendons. She did not last long as the cane ate into her belly, then moved down to that harlot's cunt, still red, raw and dripping the damning evidence of what had transpired in the cabin of the gentleman who paid for the use of her body. Frieda collapsed to her knees and placed her head onto her heaving chest. Father Damon merely changed the angle of his cane and continued to lash her shoulders and upper back as she screamed for mercy, but received none. Fortunately for the two clerics the ship had just encountered the outer reaches of the first storm they would experience. It made an effective gag since it obliterated almost all sound from one cabin to another. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now it was almost impossible for any of the trio to stand erect due to the motion of the ship. Damon grabbed the teenager by the hair and dragged her to the narrow bed that would be her part of the cabin's space when she wasn't "entertaining" to provide money for her two companions. The news about her availability and willingness to do all manner of exotic and erotic activities with both men and women made the rounds of the upper class cabins. Unfortunately for the girl, the condition of her beaten and battered body didn't deter any of her customers who were only interested in certain parts of her naked body. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For poor Frieda, her first shipboard confession and its following penance set a pattern that remained constant throughout the long trip. The old priest would give her the penance and Damon would make sure that it was carried out by the sinner. The first experience with the rocking motion of the ship made it necessary for the "child prostitute" to perform her remaining penances in the nude while tied tightly to the narrow bed provided for her. This also made her quite accessible to the young priest who still had not risen above the evils of the flesh. If the truth were known, the old priest still fell victim to that frailty on occasion. During the trip on three occasions he surrendered to the sins of the flesh when it came to his relationship with the slut-child, his pet name for her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That very evening Damon finished beating the teenager to within an inch of her life after she had been tied face-up to the bed. He then dined with his mentor using the money that she had provided with her body. Upon returning to the cabin, he proceeded to examine her to see if the beating had caused any serious harm to her ability to function as their source of income during the trip. Being young and relatively well cared for by her former owners, she had been able to endure his fury this time. Her older owner was weary from the long day and the effects of the storm that was becoming more intense with every hour that passed. Damon decided to stay up a bit longer and read some of the scriptures he carried with him. Once he was sure that his mentor was asleep, Damon decided to see if he could find the place where the demon lived. Twice he investigated her cunt with first his fingers and then his hard cock, but was frustrated in finding the demon's lair. Despite the noise and the heaving of the ship, he was a cautious man and so he gagged Frieda on both occasions, removing it only to have her suck his spent cock back into working condition and clean anything from it that might have been collected while he was investigating for the demon.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The next morning Frieda begged her companions to let her empty her bladder. That was when it struck them both that this might just be the place where the demon dwelled. A container was found and they watched as their teenaged charge filled it to nearly full. Disappointed, they made the girl consume the contents as a portion of her next penance. To them it was inevitable that she would sin over and over and have to confess almost continuously. Father Damon felt a few guilt pangs, but the memory of her warm, wet mouth working on his hard cock more than overcame them. There was a lull in the storm and they took advantage of it to get some breakfast. They brought back a few scraps from the table to feed the teenager, who was by now not only hungry but also parched from the lack of water. The two priests amused themselves by filling the container with their warm piss and forcing Frieda to consume that as well. By then her belly was quite rounded and she desperately needed to relieve herself once again.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Fortunately for her, a new customer knocked on the cabin door and introduced himself, telling the clerics that a friend had mentioned her availability for certain physical activities in return for a donation to the Church. Even as he spoke, his eyes took in the naked body of their charge, and his body language indicated some concern about her well being based on the cane marks and her expanded stomach. The two priests exchanged glances and agreed that he was a worthy member of the Church and his donation would be very much appreciated. They went on to explain that she had just finished drinking a rather large amount of water that was the cause of her bigger than normal stomach. As for the cane marks, they were the result of her penance that she insisted upon undergoing. Mollified by their answers, he asked if she could be delivered to his cabin in another hour. The bargain was struck and Frieda was to spend the rest of the afternoon with this parishioner, taking care of his physical needs, which turned out to be quite considerable.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Father Damon escorted his teenaged demon-lover up to the cabin where her customer awaited. She wore a cloak and was naked beneath it. As an added precaution, her hands were tied tightly behind her back. The man ushered them inside, paid the priest his fee and told him he'd be responsible for restraining and disciplining her from now until the allotted time was reached. Damon couldn't help but notice there was woman's underwear on the floor beside the bed. The customer shrugged it away as the remnants from a previous tryst that had concluded a few hours ago, leaving the underwear as a memento of their liaison. The priest was not sure that he believed the man, but was willing to accept the risk.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The priest's suspicions were confirmed upon the prompt return of a rather exhausted Frieda W. He and his mentor were pleasantly surprised when there came a knock on their door at the appointed time. Standing there was a pale and shaky teenager in the cloak and the customer who expressed his happiness with her performance. Once he left and they removed her cloak, the two clerics were confronted by a well-used youngster. Her tits were sore and bruised from plenty of rough handling and the nipples were swollen to at least twice their normal size. Her pussy looked like an open wound; it was raw, red and dripping cum from the numerous bouts of hard and uncaring sex in which she had been involved. Her pubic mound was covered with hickies and bite marks, nothing that broke the skin, but mute evidence that her partner or partners had taken every advantage of her vulnerable body. These marks continued on the insides of her thighs, and it was very apparent from the difference in their size that more than one person had been involved in this activity.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Damon sighed at his lack of forcefulness when it came to the matter of the absent woman, who obviously had joined the customer once he left the cabin. When they got a good look at her gaping anus, they were astonished at its condition. There was a steady stream of cum oozing from the distended entryway to her rectum. Damon was infuriated at the sight of some dried blood surrounding the unblinking eye that was her anal passageway. Frieda had been through the mill and shown no mercy by her two assailants. When she admitted later during her confession that there were two men and one woman involved, Damon's anger was almost impossible to contain. Father Bernard was in a fury, and not just about the customer. All the other priest could do was hold out his open hands. He had been duped and there was very little that they could do about it.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her condition did not prevent Father Bernard from hearing her confession in all its ugliness. She had lost count of the number of times that the two men skewered her. One of them had a rather large cock and seemed to take great pleasure in sodomizing her, drawing blood on a number of occasions. The woman, perhaps twice Frieda's age, was responsible for most of the hickies and bite marks on the insides of her thighs. She derived a great deal of pleasure from performing oral sex on the teenager's pussy and having her do the same to her. That irritated the old priest more than all the other items she revealed. Frieda received a very severe penance, with parts of it reserved for such time as her body could accommodate it. The rest was given to her while she was bent over her bed, nose touching the covering, or tied face-up afterwards.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Both priests took turns spanking her plump bottom, trying to avoid the gaping region between her cheeks. Father Damon even took the strap to the lower portion of her bottom and the upper part of her legs. The young cleric was astonished at the energy that Father Bernard put into physically chastising the girl once she was tied down to her bed, legs parted. He must have slapped her face a dozen times, interspersed with vicious pinches to the insides of her thighs and even her swollen cunt lips. The latter penance brought strangled gasps from the youthful sinner. Father Damon took this as an opportunity to manhandle the frightened girl still further. He repeatedly inserted three and even four fingers into her oozing pussy and made the girl lick them clean, much to the disgust of his fellow priest. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He placed his hand over her mouth to stifle the screams that followed as he twisted her sore, swollen nipples until tears ran down her pale cheeks. Her penance had included two-dozen strokes of the cane to her tits, so he decided to double the number and use his strap instead. Once again he was shocked at the eagerness of his mentor to join this part of her punishment. Frieda was gagged with her underpants and then her sore tits were given an initial two-dozen strokes from the strap. For this portion of her penance they stood on either side and concentrated on whipping only one of her tits. After six of the best, they changed places and finished her off with another half dozen to the other tit.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (To be continued - jethro jodhpur)











&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Institute of Advanced Sexuality - Chapter 14





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For the next two days and three nights the ship headed into the teeth of an ocean storm. It left its passengers frightened and often sea sick, including the trio the shared their little cabin. Frieda recovered quickly from her recent attack; so rapidly that she underwent the remaining portion of her penance only two days after her ordeal. Even though she was securely restrained on her narrow bed and freed only so she could use the common bathroom shared by dozens of other passengers, Frieda managed to accrue sins of thought rather than deeds. Father Bernard spent hours hearing her confessions, often with assistance from the younger priest. Father Damon was now witnessing every confession and had no compunction about wielding his strap whenever he was aroused by something she said had happened while she was servicing one or another of those using her body. It seemed as if the demon itself was providing information to her that in turn was transmitted to the good priest.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Father Bernard was now taking a more proactive role in her disciplining. He had selected her pubic mound and that filthy, godless cunt as his private preserves. Damon was given the rest of her body to use as he saw fit, provided it did not interfere with her opportunities to fetch additional funds for the use of the clerics. The cane was retired except for very special occasions, and in these cases it was used sparingly. The older priest was now using his hands to punish his charge every chance she provided. His long sharp fingernails were often used to leave his mark within her fetid pit that he was convinced held the demon. They often strayed to her tits, nipping and pinching at that firm flesh as the girl whimpered and did her best to avoid irritating him to greater excesses.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Damon developed a fetish for the girl's feet. It began as some innocent tickling, but her reaction indicated that it had potential for greater things. He discovered that by running his fingernail down the center of the sole of her foot, he could produce gales of hysterical laughter from the teenager. From there he started to gnaw on her toes, starting with the biggest and gradually moving along until every one was marked with the imprint of his teeth. His mentor was scandalized by his fetish, but could find nothing sinful provided it had no impact on his sexual appetite. The old priest was most happy when his companion went back to using the strap, even if it was on the soles of Frieda's feet. Now there was no laughter, just muffled whimpering and an occasional gasp from a particularly powerful blow. Bernard would have been scandalized if he saw what went on while he slept.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Damon spent hours every night seeing how close he could bring the teenager to an orgasm. She was very sensitive to a variety of approaches that depended only on fingers, hands and tongue. He loved to suck her nipples until they were as stiff as glass. He discovered that her armpits were almost as sensitive as her nipples. In point of fact they were even more responsive if they were licked, sucked and then nipped. This cycle had to be made more than once to develop the maximum sensitivity. He had already been tempted to find out if indeed she could have an orgasm just by teasing her armpits. The young priest was also developing a taste for the creamy offerings that came from her cunt after perhaps a half hour or more of steady probing by first his fingers, then his flickering tongue and finally his entire hand. If the truth were known, it was the girl who held the power. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The sight of her bare body, the smell emanating from her secret places and taste of those secretions and sweat she generated all combined to force more than one ejaculation from the young priest during every session. He destroyed the evidence of his weakness by rubbing the cum into her flesh, especially the entrance to her perpetually oozing cunt. Later on this weakness of Damon would reverberate throughout his parish and lead him to turn her over to the tender mercies of his flock in order to save his reputation.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By the time the ship cleared the first storm the passengers were eager to get out of their cabins and take the sea air. A small fraction of those who could afford the luxury of some one such as Frieda made contact with the various procurers that plied their trade on board. The teenager was snapped up rather quickly and that evening she entertained a couple who had now grown tired of each other's company after five days at sea, most of them cooped up in their spacious cabin. Frieda acquitted herself professionally and the couple behaved like civilized people. Thus there was little for the priests to glean from her evening outside the confines of her cabin and its narrow bed. The second storm began to menace the ship the following morning.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For the next two days most of the passengers remained in their cabins. The priests took this as an opportunity to interrogate Frieda further concerning her impure thoughts and interactions with the customers. Arguing that using his fist to force the teenager to tell the truth was acceptable according to the canons of the Church, Damon had a wonderful time tormenting and sexually exciting their captive. Father Bernard was not taken in by this ruse, but he was also enjoying more and more his access to the girl's bare body. So while he watched Damon's fist inch its way up Frieda's cunt, he enjoyed the sensation of her firm tits against his hands and fingers as he squeezed and poked them without any guilt. It came as almost a shock when the tight tube of flesh that had been resisting the young priest's advance suddenly relaxed and in a few short minutes his closed hand was pounding against the girl's cervix as she groaned and gasped. The young priest knew better than to believe his captive was in some type of pain, his soaked fist was proof enough that she was enjoying this experience. He wondered when his mentor would realize it as well.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Frieda finally had some luck. Just when Damon managed to convince his mentor that the girl would benefit from a sound thrashing with the cane, the storm abruptly changed course and the seas grew calm. Naturally this meant that the passengers were free from their cabins, and one of them made his way to the priests' cabin to arrange for a session with their teenage companion. Father Bernard was only too happy to arrange the time and place, thwarting any chance for Damon to have his way with the youngster. The session turned out to be quite stressing as Frieda had to cope with the gentleman as well as his lady companion. They both were in foul moods from the rough seas and their close proximity. So it was the poor girl who had to suffer twice as they both decided to take out their anger on her. When the man wasn't using her pussy, mouth or asshole, he was whipping whatever part of her naked, bound body that was made available by his lady companion. She in turn took every advantage of the helpless girl's situation. She spanked her bottom until it was crimson and swollen. She raked her budding tits with her fingernails, leaving nasty furrows that took weeks to properly heal. Frieda seemed to be spending most of her free time from the gentleman licking and sucking his companion's pussy. However they saved the worst punishment of her sweaty, bare body for last.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The woman possessed a strap-on dildo of massive proportions, and proceeded to use it to on the teen's well-used pussy before seeing if it could breach her tight asshole that had been twice previously plundered by her male companion who was quite well endowed. They had to gag the girl with a rag to stifle her screams as the giant rubber creation brutally opened her sore asshole for the final time of this lengthy session. To end the session, they made a sandwich of Frieda, his cock deep inside her convulsing asshole while her rubber monster battered and bruised the tender walls of the youngster's twat to the point that she was unable to accommodate anything inside it for nearly a week. The priests were quite disappointed to see just how damaged her body was after this very stressing session. However the price they received for her services was substantial and gave them a cushion so to speak, since they still had a long journey over land before they reached their objective.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There is precious little information concerning the ten-day trip across half the country that the trio made by train, bus and finally wagon. At long last they reached their new home in North Dakota, a small settlement of German immigrants who grew wheat and other minor crops. The older settlers still spoke their mother tongue even though they had been in the country for forty years. Some of the younger folks did speak English and it was from them that Frieda learned the language when they weren't beating and raping her for various offenses against God and nature, some real, others imaginary. The priests mostly turned a blind eye toward what was going on between their servant and the settlers. Father Damon still used Frieda whenever the spirit moved him, which was quite often. Naturally it was she, not the young priest who paid the price for his weakness.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The settlers had constructed a crude building that became the school for the children. Usually except for planting and harvesting times, anywhere from twelve to fourteen children ranging in age from eight to sixteen attended. The students were evenly divided by sex, and were taught by a widowed woman in her late thirties with only two children, both adults and married. She set her cap for Damon, but he proved to be a difficult catch. It was this woman, Hilda, who began the rumors about the young priest and Frieda. She actually had little reason for starting this scurrilous gossip, even though there was truth in it. The priests continued avoiding the fact that indeed they both were using her for their personal, forbidden needs. Frieda had her own small, windowless room with only a narrow bed, an old chest of drawers donated by one of the families and a bucket that acted as a privy. The priests had keys to her room, which was kept locked at all times. Except during winter, she slept nude and was tied hands and feet to her bed with sturdy ropes that were carefully checked every night before they left her for the evening.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Both priests visited her on a regular basis. Father Bernard used her during the day when he was well rested and had plenty of time to hear her confession, give her penance and see that this was done in a timely manner. Usually Damon was needed to perform the harsher tasks associated with her penance. Quite often he combined this duty with his nightly visit to use her sexually. They made sure that the girl was never allowed to expose any part of her torso for fear that the marks left by her severe penances would be seen and cause some concern. The frequency and amount of her punishment was strictly determined by the seasons. During the dead of winter, it was rare to have a visit from Damon more than twice a week and usually for about half the time he spent with her during the rest of the year. Naturally this led to fewer confessions and a drop in penance as well. Summer she was kept very busy and for those months her body was covered with welts, bruises and cuts from the ferocious beatings she absorbed. All that period Hilda kept up the rumors about Damon and Frieda, until it became the only topic discussed by almost all the adult settlers and even some of the children.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This situation continued without change for almost two and a half years. Then the old priest took sick and had to be taken to the nearest hospital, located some fifty miles from the settlement. It was then that Hilda sprang her trap. Father Damon was too distracted to realize that Hilda had finally convinced a number of women that she could prove her insinuations. Aided by a few of the men they entered the home of the priests and indeed discovered Frieda hiding in the cellar wearing only a rough dress and no shoes. It took some time for them to make her admit that there was some truth to what the settlers had been hearing. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They had hung the naked girl by her wrists from a hook in the cellar's rafters and for almost half the day she was beaten senseless, then revived so she could be beaten senseless again. The men started to believe that Hilda had indeed been telling lies. Why else would this young woman allow them to do the terrible things that had been done to her without once laying blame on the two priests? They were unaware of what she had been enduring as a steady diet for years. Frieda was terrified of what they might do to her if she revealed the truth. Worse yet, she was convinced that once Damon returned he would somehow convince them that she was not being truthful and that would be the end of her. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Still Hilda managed to convince the group to allow her one last chance to make the girl speak. They reluctantly agreed provided Hilda submit to a public flogging in the nude if she failed. She took the risk and won! Hilda was terrified of the dogs that seemed to be everywhere in the town. It was easy to imagine that this frightened young woman would do almost anything to avoid direct contact with one of these slavering beasts. In Hilda's plan the contact would be most intimate, not likely something that might have crossed Frieda's mind, even in her worst nightmare. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Approximately an hour later Frieda was draped over a bale of hay, held down by sturdy ropes. Her bare body stiffened when she heard the sound of barking dogs as the men brought five large animals into the barn and showed them to the helpless woman, threatening to set them loose on her if she didn't tell the truth about her relationship with the priests, especially Damon. What finally broke her resolve was when they wiped her hindquarters with a rag impregnated with the scent of a bitch in heat. She wailed to the heavens and told them all they wanted to know and even more that never happened. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hilda had her vengeance on the priest and this slut as well. At her command the men turned the dogs loose on the young woman and watched them fight among themselves to be the first to mount this new, strange looking bitch. By the time the last of the pack had finished leaving his seed buried deep in her cunt, Frieda was drooling and gave all the signs of one who had descended into madness, a fitting punishment for her years of having sexual congress with the priests. She would recover partially within a few weeks, but was never the same afterwards.&nbsp;&nbsp; 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Had she been able to see into the future, Frieda might have dared to tell the truth earlier and avoided what followed. Instead for the next twelve years she was brutalized by the settlers without mercy. Father Damon however was allowed to remain at the settlement provided he married Hilda, which he did. His mentor, who had recovered sufficiently to return to the settlement, officiated at the wedding. It turned out that these two were renegades from the Church and as such had been excommunicated, something no one else knew until the old priest confessed.&nbsp; All this only came to public light much later with the publication of the annotated version of Frieda's story. The story of those twelve years was pieced together from diaries kept by some of the settlers, as well as interviews of a very small number of people who were directly involved with Frieda during this trying period of her life. 





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (To be continued - jethro jodhpur)











&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Institute of Advanced Sexuality - Chapter 15





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For twelve long years the settlers effectively held Frieda as a slave. She was passed from family to family, entering and leaving the way she came, stark naked, hobbled and with her hands tightly tied behind her back. What was done to her depended upon the family's needs and belief about her past behavior. Three times during this phase in her life she found herself impregnated by a member or members of the family where she worked. Usually it was easy to identify the family, but never the man or youth directly responsible for her condition. This was because every week she would be taken to the largest barn in the settlement on Saturday evening and used by upwards of a dozen members of the small town. This was viewed as discipline rather than sexual congress, especially since the priest still considered Frieda to be in league with a demon. On the following day after church services, Father Damon would hear his former sex partner's confession and hand down her penance. The good priest was privy to almost all the gossip that flowed among the settlers, and his dear wife, Hilda, often passed along those tidbits he missed to him. Thus he mostly knew in advance what sins she had committed and usually with whom. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It should be mentioned that Hilda turned out to be quite capable when it came to satisfying most of his sexual urges, and very severe with her demands when their household gave shelter to Frieda. Hilda was the one who had the idea of inviting certain ladies over to her home to first welcome the sinner. This went so well that she expanded the initial meeting into two meetings, the second to be held on the last day of her stay, when they would wish her well in the new assignment and pray for her forgiveness. Some households wanted the woman for perhaps a week or two, others like Hilda would take her for a month, especially in the winter when they could devote more time to the sinner. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;During harvest and planting time Frieda worked tirelessly in the fields beneath the blazing sun, naked and hobbled. The settlers treated her during this time like any other beast of burden and made sure she was properly fed and got enough water to prevent her from becoming dehydrated. Often she would be required to service some of the workers at break times since they didn't have enough time or energy once they returned home from the fields. This caused some friction in certain homes, and she always paid the price when it came her time to serve the woman of that house.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Prior to her first pregnancy, the women of the settlement paid little attention to what transpired out of their sight. She managed to disguise her situation for nearly three months before a sharp-eyed woman noticed the telltale rounding of her belly and made her condition known to every one in the town. There were discussions as to whom the father was, and what to do if she went to term. The matter became academic when she spontaneously aborted the very next month, making a number of men most relieved. There would have been hell to pay if she identified the father to be the fifteen year-old boy who had sex with her two and three times a day during her most fertile period. Instead she stayed mute and suffered the consequences that involved numerous beatings for weeks on end until she became old news and of little interest to the town people. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;However her long hair was shaved from her head and her left ass cheek was branded with a hot iron as a reminder of what she might expect if she continued to seduce the men of the town. This made a tremendous impact on her and solidified her belief that she was quite different from the rest of the women she had met here and prior when she was with the Madame. At that point she didn't know the power she had. It would take another twenty plus years before she began to truly flower as a potential Uber Oma.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was Hilda who made some arrangements with the other women of the town and managed to get her hands on Frieda within a month. The welcome meeting was an event that was talked about for many years afterward. She invited all the women who suspected that their husbands might have impregnated her. She also arranged for her husband to hear Frieda's confession concerning her impregnation. She stubbornly refused to reveal her secret and he was furious. In a rage he excommunicated her from the church, such as it was for this renegade, and turn her over to the ladies in hopes that they might be able to force the truth from her on this matter.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Every one of the five women she invited accepted with eagerness. On that day, Damon had arranged to be visiting a family that lived some distance from the main settlement, leaving his home to the ladies. If the truth were known, he had more than one motive for this visit. He was carrying on an affair with the wife, a young woman in her late teens who had not yet become pregnant. She had confessed her concern during one of her racy confessions and the renegade priest rose to the bait. It seems that her husband enjoyed a great deal of foreplay before attempting to impregnate her. Unfortunately for the young newlyweds he had a quick response to activities such as having his cock sucked, especially when it was coupled with her middle finger probing for his prostate.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; How she came to be so knowledgeable about such things was something that intrigued the cleric. One thing led to another and to his amazement she picked up on his interest in her plight to the point that he accepted her invitation to discuss this matter at more length. Their discussion soon developed into a hands-on demonstration of techniques for exciting her husband, but still preventing him from losing control. Although she became an adept pupil, the wife was unable to transfer the knowledge to her husband. However she and Father Damon were continuing to "work the problem".



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hilda's home had running water, electricity and a basement room that doubled as a prison cell and torture chamber for Frieda. The latest addition to the house was the enclosed back area that featured a whipping post and a dog run. Neither had been used due to the weather and lack of a suitable sinner. She and her husband had their eye on a few potential sinners based on the confessions he heard, but to date they still bided their time. Of course Hilda knew full well about her husband's liaisons with the newlywed wife, and gave it her full approval. In the long run, she might become another sinner worth cultivating. In fact just before her husband left for his assignation with the newlywed, Gert, he had made a substantial deposit of sperm inside of Frieda's cunt. Hilda observed his effort, her eyes dancing with sexual excitement at the prowess of her studly husband, the renegade priest.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No one was late for this event. In fact the one who came last was five minutes early, which pleased Hilda no end. Two of her invitees had spent more than a few evenings sharing a bed with Hilda when she was a widow. Even with a virile husband sleeping with her every night, she still had occasional lapses, becoming a bit unsettled that she no longer was enjoying feminine companionship now and then. This was something she intended to discuss with Damon, when the time was right. She shook off those recollections and led the ladies down the stairs to where Frieda waited, naked and securely restrained to a rough wooden table, one of the fixtures in this chamber of horrors. Hilda had whipped her soundly the day she arrived, but by now the welts were fading. It turned out to be excellent timing for this meeting for a variety of reasons.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her guests were astonished at the room and its contents. Hilda then revealed her intentions for Frieda, which included help from her friends. She added that her husband was absolutely in favor of what she wished to do to the recalcitrant sinner. It only took a few minutes for the ladies to agree to assist her in this endeavor. Hilda then produced a list of things she thought they might do to this troublemaker before the day was done. Her first item was to match the sinner's pubic mound to her bald head. For this she wanted to use a razor that needed sharpening, but for this purpose, it was ideal. She expected quite a few nicks and cuts would occur before Frieda's mound was as hairless as a child's. Then she smiled and added that tweezers would be available to get at those hard to reach springy hairs that were abundant in the area between her cunt and asshole. She suggested that the ladies draw lots to see in what order they would proceed.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hilda took the lead and began shaving Frieda's mound, bringing shouts from their victim. At a nod from Hilda, two of the women began slapping her face with roundhouse blows that landed with authority, making her head move from side to side. Hilda giggled when her hand slipped and caused a deep gash to form within inches of the opening to the captive's cunt. The ladies made light of what was happening and watched more cuts appear, leaving trails of blood as the dull blade continued to scrape away Frieda's springy hair and plenty of skin as well. Hilda tired of her activity and turned the razor over to the first of the five women; with the admonishment that she didn't want the captive losing so much blood that she lost consciousness. That brought a laugh from the group and more vicious slaps to Frieda's red face.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;About an hour later the ladies had finished damaging the captive's pubic mound with their sloppy workmanship, bringing a "brava" from Hilda. With some help from her guests, they retied the captive's legs so they were elevated and spread fairly wide, thanks to the posts located at one end of the table. Now that very sensitive region between her cunt and asshole was accessible. The visitors got busy and using both tweezers and the dull razor, they denuded the area until it too was dotted and running with blood. Hilda was happy to see there were numerous sites from that area that would soon create ingrown hairs by the dozens. Since Frieda was in perfect position to be fisted, Hilda asked if anyone was interested in seeing how much they could stretch the woman's cunt.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Seeing Frieda's bleeding flesh that was their doing, exciting the ladies to further excesses. Two of them argued who was to go first, while the other three watched before deciding to join the fun. It proved to be more difficult than it looked. As it turned out, only two of them had any experience. Neither wanted to name names, but Hilda knew, since they had both been trained by her after she had the pleasure of being the first to introduce them to this exotic sexual activity. She remembered how delighted she was when one of them managed an orgasm as she worked her clenched hand deep into the woman's soaking wet fuck box. It was a most satisfying experience to watch her eyes roll back into her head as her entire body shuddered and a stream of creamy fluid soaked the sheets beneath her quivering body. Her other pupil took a few more lessons before she too joined this rather exclusive club of orgasmic fistees. Hilda would have been shocked from her shoes if she knew that one of her pupils had taught this art form to her daughter. The girl, still unmarried but very popular with the young men of the settlement, took to it like a fish to water. Later she confessed to her mother that the man she married had to prove his ability to get her off using his fist prior to their engagement.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Frieda had previous experience with being fisted, and so prepared for the worst, and was not disappointed. Hilda had planned ahead and had a small tub of grease ready for the ladies' use. The visitor with the most experience in this arcane art went first and did a very good job of breaching Frieda's well stretched cunt, which had been taking plenty of cock from the men of the settlement. To Hilda it was a wonder that she hadn't gotten pregnant more than just that once. That would change within the next two months. She worked her hand up toward the captive's cervix, but ran out of energy about half way up that loose channel. She made her victim suffer for being so resistant, by forcing her to lick the grease and other secretions from her hand and halfway up her forearm. She got a round of applause from the others and then the second lady took her turn and surprisingly made a much better job of it. She used plenty of grease and took her time. She inched her way up Frieda's wet fuck tunnel, resting every few minutes to regain her strength. In this manner she reached the woman's cervix and managed to punch it weakly a few times before making the journey back out of that clutching tunnel of lust. She too made Frieda lick the grease and other things from her hand and arm while her peers clapped and cheered.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The others made attempts but were unsuccessful except for one who managed to get her fist into the "servant's entryway", but could go no further. The two who failed took some good-natured ribbing, and promised that the next time would be different. Hilda offered to give them private lessons, which they declined with thanks. Then it dawned on her that they'd probably have her as a guest worker before the next time they got together to tease and torment their victim. Hilda wondered if she'd get an invitation to those sessions, and if the husbands would be asked to assist them as well. That part of her musing was never fully answered, but Frieda did get pregnant shortly after serving as a worker at the place of one of them. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Before bringing this portion of the session to a close, Hilda could not resist showing the group her talent when it came to anal fisting as well. They were agog as she breached the woman's still tight anus with one finger, and slowly graduated until she had four fingers spreading that tough sphincter muscle. She used her other hand to keep the muscle at its limit. She had one of the ladies apply more grease to her hand and arm and place a dollop at the entrance to that tight tunnel as well. Once she got her fist closed, it was relatively easy to enter Frieda's anus and begin exploring it. The woman's youthful muscle did a good job of fending off Hilda's more aggressive forays, but she did finally pop her hand entirely within the "slave's" anal passageway, bringing a wave of gasps from her audience. Making Frieda lick what had accumulated on her fist was a struggle, but Hilda overcame her resistance, ending this portion of the worker's punishment. Much more would follow and occupy them for the rest of the day.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (To be continued - jethro jodhpur)











&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Institute of Advanced Sexuality - Chapter 16





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The ladies adjourned for lunch and to discuss the slave Frieda who remained in the cellar trussed up and awaiting further punishment for her sins. Those sins that were seemingly known to every woman in the settlement and were discussed in private by their husbands made for a lively topic to discuss. The more they talked among themselves the angrier they became over her blatant behavior. Each lady's husband had at one time or another been involved in the weekly barn meetings where Frieda, naked and securely restrained, was the main attraction. Rarely were there less than half a dozen men in attendance, and on one or two occasions upwards of a dozen were present. Knowing about their husbands' participation and doing something about it was a distinct and seemingly impenetrable issue. Basically all they could do was bide their time and hope for an event that would change the men's attitude toward the sinner.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They discussed methods for making Frieda less attractive, most of them centering on causing permanent damage to her genitals. Despite the unanimous approval of this approach, in reality it would not be acceptable to the men, who in truth were her champions. If an overt approach such as mutilation and the like would not be tolerated, perhaps a sexual disease might be more acceptable. This too was probably not feasible due to the isolation of the settlement from the general population of the region, which was widely separated like their own group. They fell back on the idea of appealing to their spouses that Frieda's behavior was ultimately going to harm the upbringing of the children of the settlement. There were already stories going around among some of the teenagers about what went on in the barn on the weekend and in the fields during the planting and harvesting seasons. However, in any previous discussion of this matter, their husbands chose to be deaf to what they were told by their wives, thus ending for all practical purposes that method of ending Frieda's influence and bad behavior. Completely frustrated and filled with rage the ladies returned to the basement and Frieda, determined to put the fear of God into this creature.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Some women in this group were not as well endowed as Frieda, and they took this opportunity to make her pay for what was in fact caused by the genes their ancestors carried. This did not stop them from punishing the settlement's slave for their physical imperfections. It was the cleric's wife who provided the materials these women would use to make Frieda wish she had never been given her firm, melon shaped breasts that seemed to taunt those ladies less endowed. Lengths of leather strips were looped around the base of her full breasts and tightened by small wooden dowels until the leather nearly disappeared into her flesh. Strong thread designed to sew everything from animal pelts to quilts were offered for the slave's nipples, which were stiff from the chill of the unheated cellar. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Next weights that had formerly been employed as doorstops and the like were attached to Frieda's swelling mounds and hung over the edge of the table to which she was bound. She gasped when the first few weights began to stretch her swollen breasts, bringing smiles to the faces of her tormentors. Another set of weights were added and her gasps turned into a steady moaning and tears began to trickle down her cheeks much to the delight of the ladies surrounding her naked body that was beginning to shake from the cold and the stretching of her tender breasts. Now Hilda came up with a handful of lead sinkers used for fishing during the summer months. These were tied carefully to the thread wrapped around Frieda's stiff nipples. The new pain increased the level of moaning, which was occasionally turning into a hoarse scream as the weights swung back and forth from her nipples and breasts.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Gradually the circulation of blood to her big breasts was reduced, causing changes to occur in the color of the skin. It had gone through most of the shades of red, now crimson, and her cries for mercy had increased. The skin of her swollen bags was tight from the swelling, almost waxen in this dim light. Her once pink nipples had turned black and were insensitive to the touch. To give the ladies some idea of just how benumbed her blood-bloated mounds had become, Hilda selected a long needle from a pincushion she had removed from a cabinet located against one crude wooden.&nbsp; She smiled coldly at poor Frieda and then plunged the nearly three-inch needle into one of the slave's swollen breasts. A jet of dark blood spurted from the area the needle had struck, but outside of a gasp, there was no reaction from Frieda, the leather strips had effectively deadened her bosoms.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hilda suggested the ladies play a game with the slave involving pins. She would provide four pincushions, each with fifty needles that were two and one half inches in length. Each team would be made up of two women selected by lot. All the pins were to be stuck in Frieda's bulging breasts without contacting the nipples.&nbsp; The teams would be given forty minutes to use their needles on the breast they selected prior to the start of the game. When the first team was finished, the leather strip pinching off the circulation would be cut to begin the blood flow anew. The group was cautioned that Frieda would scream herself hoarse once the circulation was restored. When she recovered her equilibrium the other team would repeat the process on her other breast, which by then would be bordering on a purplish black color, a sign of potential gangrene beginning in the flesh.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Frieda began sobbing and begging as the first two ladies began inserting needles into her breast, each one creating a small pool of blood encircling it. Their efforts were random in nature and as Hilda had predicted, there was little reaction on the part of the naked victim. After a time the two began a contest to see who could come the closest to the nipple. This contest proved most entertaining to the rest of the ladies, who urged the two women to more daring maneuvers to get even closer. Finally one attempted an oblique attack that accidentally skewered the nipple, drawing laughter from the group. Not to be outdone, her teammate followed with another needle on the opposite side of that punctured nipple, drawing more comments from the crowd. Hilda stepped in at that point and declared the first team to be disqualified, bringing even more challenging comments from the group.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was Hilda who cut the leather strip that had disappeared into the slave's swollen flesh, leaving a bleeding circle of broken skin caused by the terrible pressure put upon it by the relentless swelling of the flesh beneath. It took a few minutes before the first gasp of pain came from Frieda, then it accelerated into a steady keening as the pain flowered like some loathsome weed and overcame her sanity. The noise she made was so loud and eerie that the ladies put their hands over their ears in a vain attempt to block the sounds that emanated from their victim. Finally Hilda resorted to gagging the hysterical woman to shut off the terrible din she made. Even then, the ladies were still badly shaken at what they had just experienced. In fact the other team refused to participate unless Frieda was gagged to prevent a repetition of what had just occurred.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The second team was obviously reluctant to put much energy into skewering Frieda's breast. Many of the needles were driven less than halfway into the target, and they stayed scrupulously away from the nipple. Hilda sensed that things were not going as she had planned and made short work of the efforts of the second team of ladies. Once more they all watched as Frieda screamed herself hoarse into the gag that had been stuffed into her mouth and held in place by a strip of tightly knotted leather. Frieda thrashed mindlessly against her bonds and the tears streamed in torrents from her eyes once the strips were cut from around her breast. There were no cheers or smiles while this scene ran its course. Hilda was determined that before her guests left, they would be satisfied that the fornicator had been properly punished for her offenses against the women of the settlement. Hopefully other women would follow her lead when it came their turn to have Frieda as their drudge, performing the most menial, backbreaking tasks.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hilda dragged out another pincushion and explained these pins were for Frieda's fingernails and toenails. Since the weather was still cool enough to keep even the drudge indoors, it was only fitting that she suffer a higher level of pain than just to have her big breasts skewered. The hostess took the lead, showing her guests how to slip one of the long needles under the slave's fingernail and then once it was securely anchored, thrust it as far under the nail as possible. Naturally Frieda's hands and feet had to be immobilized to give them a steady target. Even in this area Hilda had an answer, a small vise left by another settler who had given up against the cold, heat and isolation. With help from two of her guests, they managed to clamp Frieda's hand in the vise, ready for the next little game they would play with the hapless settlement slave.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This demonstration by Hilda was carefully observed by her guests, who were eager to have a turn. Hilda also pointed out that on average four to five needles could easily go under each nail. She estimated that close to one hundred would be used before there was no additional room. Then she grinned coldly and added that the skin between each finger and toe could easily accommodate two or three additional needles. With that as the outline for what she had planned Hilda let the ladies have their fun. It took a few tries before they were able to use the needles properly, but they caught on quickly enough. Soon Frieda was shivering from the pain that radiated from the tip of the needles as they worked their way deep under her fingernails. Even with the gag, they were able to hear her screams and it was a simple matter to observe her tears and the way her naked body trembled as one needle after another burrowed deep, reaching the quick and in some cases even penetrating further. More than once their victim passed out and had to be revived. In those cases the needles were shifted to her labia and once or twice even probed her shrunken clitoris. Toward the end of the first part of this session, Frieda was beating her head against the table in hopes that she might knock herself senseless, but she failed and was tortured with even more enthusiasm by the ladies. When they finished with the drudge's fingernails, she looked like some exotic creature from the mysterious East. They took a break for tea and let their victim think and worry about what was to take place once they returned.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While this was going on, Hilda's unfaithful husband was using his position within the settlement to take advantage of the newly wed wife. It had taken a while before she disrobed and allowed him access to her body. Being much more knowledgeable than the poor wife's young husband, it was an easy task for him to seduce her in the same way as previously. This one had passion and a fire burning inside her that needed plenty of quenching. He poured water on those flames for nearly an hour, filling her with his seed twice and enjoying her attempts to restore his hardness. Today she had gone beyond her hand and was now eagerly suctioning his limp rod into another erection and more animal sex, as she described what was taking place between them. He left still disappointed that she had yet to allow him to use her anus. Still in all there were three loads of his cum percolating inside her tight, barren cunt. There would be other times, he was sure of that. As he made the long journey back to his home he wondered what kind of mischief his wife and that gaggle of lady friends had created for poor Frieda.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The ladies had shown her no mercy, driving as many needles beneath her toenails as was physically possible. Frieda body's was shaking continuously from the constant shocks she was receiving every time one of those sharp barbs worked deep beneath the nail and eventually submerged into the very sensitive flesh normally protected by that hard surface. Her biggest reactions were reserved for those moments when a needle was deliberately driven into the toe itself, moving from the bottom and attacking the quick below, adding more pain than normal. Fortunately most of the needles had already been utilized, so she escaped with perhaps a dozen needles lodged in the bottoms of her toes. Hilda called a halt to the fun when she observed some of her visitors trying to pull out needles so they could be used again to create a new and more terrible level of agony for their helpless victim.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was past dark when Damon returned from "counseling" the farmer's bride. His wife had lost interest in Frieda once her visitors took their leave. No sooner was he inside the house than he asked about their live-in slave and her response to the visit from Hilda's peers. Hilda heaved a sigh and said no more on that subject, leaving her husband slightly confused and growing angrier by the minute. For a few brief moments he reasoned that perhaps she was exhibiting some form of jealousy over his visit to the young newly wed. He had been hearing ugly rumors over his less than priestly behavior when it came to the young women of the settlement. His wife had acted as if it was just idle conversation fueled by his exalted position in the community. In truth, both knew better and ignored the issue since it had no great influence on their daily lives. Damon and Hilda were one of the pioneers in practicing an open marriage.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Damon knew where he might find Frieda, and so he went down to the cellar and found her still on the table, a human pincushion, the needles still embedded in her breasts, plus her finger and toe nails. The slave's naked body was covered with goose bumps as the temperature had dropped substantially once the sun had set. The cleric was still angry over his inability to get the new bride to allow him access to her asshole. Initially he had planned to have Frieda substitute in the newlywed's place. Instead he freed her from the table and then strung her up by the wrists to a hook in the cellar's earthen ceiling. Still not satisfied, he pulled her legs apart and tied her ankles to pegs that had been hammered into the hard dirt floor. He went to a cabinet located in the corner of the room and used his key to open it to reveal a leather paddle, tawse and his favorite, a cane imported from Europe. His mentor had originally owned the cane, but now in the twilight of his life, was unable to use it properly. Frieda had experienced each of these implements many times and trembled at the prospect of enduring another frightful beating at his hands.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He began with the paddle, using it on her bottom. He rained blow after blow onto her cheeks and watched as they grew scarlet and then began to swell and bruise from the relentless assault of the thick leather covered paddle. It didn't take many blows before she started to grunt, groan and finally yelp with each stroke of that heavy paddle. Damon was sensitive to the energy he had to use as he beat Frieda's bottom until he was satisfied that more would not be productive. Before continuing the beating, he examined her skewered breasts, hefting them in his hands and watching as her eyes bulged from the pain he was inflicting without even trying. He debated on removing her gag so as to enjoy her screams when he caned her swollen bottom. Regardless of that decision, she'd remain gagged while he used the tawse on those pin-cushioned tits.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Frieda screamed into her gag as the cruel implement scored hit after hit on her skewered tits. Damon was enjoying the sight of those tits bouncing from every blow he delivered. He paced himself since this beating would last quite some time. In fact the chill in the room helped to conserve his strength. He whipped the tops of her tits and worked down to the lower edges, making sure that her stiff nipples received plenty of attention. On occasion he would make a perfect hit and the sound was akin to a gunshot. Those always brought a smile to his face and muffled gasps from this slut who seemed capable of absorbing the most stringent whippings and still do her best to tempt all those who came into contact with her. He was looking forward to the time when he could hang her out in the back area of the house and beat her senseless under the bright sun and watch the sweat spray from her skin after every stroke of whatever whip he was using. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He now redoubled his efforts, criss crossing those swollen tits in an effort to make the skin break and the blood flow. He finally realized that she was unconscious, and so he stopped the beating long enough to revive her. Her eyes flew open when he dug his fingernails into her hard nipples and twisted those fat lumps of pebbled flesh. To make sure she remained awake and alert, he decided that her fat cunt could benefit from a quick session with the leather paddle, which seemed to fit perfectly when properly struck against that evil entry where no doubt some demon was hiding. His first few attempts with the paddle were unsuccessful as she managed to move just enough for the blows to glance off her hipbones. He threatened her with the tawse if she continued to be uncooperative. The poor drudge was on the verge of total exhaustion and the prospect of more whipping than she could imagine made her docile for a time.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Damon stepped back and then launched his next blow and struck her swollen cunt dead center bringing more tears from her eyes and a steady moaning from her gagged mouth. The next three blows also hit the target and Frieda was once more close to passing out. Damon realized this and gave her a minute or so to recover her strength before finishing this phase of her beating. The last two blows sounded like gunshots as they landed flush and drove the few needles still lodged in her genitals to go even deeper. She would be in agony for days afterward as the needles slowly worked up to the surface and were able to be crudely removed.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The cleric was getting a comfortable grip on the cane, using short strokes as a means of controlling the arc of this nasty weapon. He began the mental part of the torture by tapping her clenched ass cheeks and then moving the cane away, causing her to begin trembling in anticipation. Then back he would come to tap her bottom again, this time a slight bit harder. Frieda was lulled into a false sense of security and unprepared for the first vicious stroke of the cane as it exploded against her left cheek, leaving a mushrooming welt that grew rapidly. The second blow ate into the tender region just below her rounded cheek on the other side. Her entire body stiffened from the pain and she shook uncontrollably. A third and fourth blow followed quickly, leaving fresh weals that changed color almost as fast as the blink of an eye. Now he used his cane to move vertically, creating a cross hatch of crimson ridges of swollen flesh. In the middle of what looked to be a fit, Frieda lost consciousness and remained that way for many long minutes as Damon at first watched, and then tried to bring her around once more. When she did open her eyes, he gave her one last cruel stroke across the middle portion of her swollen cheeks and declared this beating to be ended. To Frieda there were interruptions in her beatings, but they never seemed to end.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued - jethro jodhpur)











 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Institute of Advanced Sexuality - Chapter 17



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(My apologies to those who may have been following this story previously. I'll not go into why things ground to a halt. Be assured that this new chapter is only the first of many to follow. Hopefully one or perhaps two additional chapters will be submitted each month depending upon circumstances.) 





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Frieda dreaded the winters more and more as the years passed. It might have been hot and hard work in the Spring through part of the Fall, but at least she was nearly free of the pain and humiliations she suffered at the hands of the jealous wives of the farmers. She was much too valuable to allow the women to harm her sufficiently so she could not work in the fields. With time a new threat to her existence began to surface, the young boys who now were teenagers and very interested in learning about things other than farming. She was placed in a situation that she was damned if she did and damned if she didn't.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The men were usually too busy and tired to spend much time enjoying her firm body, made so by the work in the fields. Such was not the case with the youthful teens that were now beginning to take their places in the scheme of things. The first time a small group of teenaged boys marched her out to an irrigation ditch and made her strip so they could see her naked body, she knew what was soon to follow. That trip had not gone unnoticed by the men who laughed among themselves and made bets as to whom and when would someone sample their field hand's charms. There wasn't a man there who hadn't been intimate with Frieda, but to date none had impregnated her, a surprise to all and a blessing to Frieda.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A few weeks later the teens maneuvered so that they surrounded Frieda and isolated her from the men who were only interested in getting home and resting before dinner and sleep. Two of the boys became men that late afternoon in the gathering dusk; at least that is what they thought. It didn't take long for a story to begin making the rounds of the families in the settlement. The men ignored it as much as they could while the wives were outraged and demanded punishment of the slut who was leading their youth astray. Two weeks later on a Sunday morning after church services, reverend Damon was given the opportunity to punish the sinner before the entire community.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A lively discussion had determined that the sinner would be naked and bound spread eagle fashion to the pen used to house the field animals. To the dismay of the teenagers and most of the men, only her back and buttocks would be scourged, her front side would not be exposed to the eyes of the crowd. These days the reverend kept a safe distance from his former concubine. Thus it was that he actually thought of himself as a servant of God, freeing his pent up anger that Frieda was no longer easily available to him.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Damon made quite a production of chastising the sinner. Her began by publicly claiming that she appeared to be in league with the devil, using her physical charms to lead the youth of the settlement down the path to perdition. There were many suppressed smiles from the audience especially among the males, both young and mature. He couldn't resist laying his hands on her body to emphasize what he meant by her charms. Several of the teenage boys stifled smiles and jostled with each other over what they knew about Frieda. There was a collective gasp from the crowd when he pinched the sinner's inner thigh and "by accident" brushed her hairy pubic mound with the back of his hand. He made a great deal of using his handkerchief to rub the portion of his hand that had made contact with her glistening skin. That done he took up the whip he would use to chastise her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He wasted no time in dealing the first lash, across her shoulder blades, leaving a welt that rose quickly. The second blow crossed the first and she screamed from the pain. The women unconsciously moved forward as if to get a better glimpse of the tiny fountain of blood pulsating from the area where the two lashes crossed. She was unprepared for the third blow that cut across the base of her spine where the skin was stretched tight, so tight in fact that portions of the skin that had absorbed this blow began to bleed. Damon stepped back and took a deep breath before continuing. A few of the men began talking in low tones, an indication that he might be on the verge of going over the line. Frieda was an important part of the group that worked the fields regardless of her sexual appetites. It was then that Damon made a brilliant escape, turning to the crowd of ladies and asking who wanted to give the demon's handmaiden another lash. There was some movement from the group of sharp-eyed women, but at first none ventured to take up his offer.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Damon was secretly congratulating himself on this clever maneuver, shifting the ire of the men onto the ladies. Then there came a voice from the crowd of women. As it turned out, she was the mother of one the teens that had stepped over the line.&nbsp; She pushed through the crowd and confronted Damon, her hand extended for the whip. The priest or whatever he was, stood there in shock, not believing that someone would have taken up the challenge. Then a male voice came from the crowd stating that this was not woman's work, but must be done by the priest or his surrogate. When he suggested that the son of the woman be the one to properly chastise her and therefore defeat the evil that taken hold of him, a hush fell over the crowd. It was the teen's father who marched him into the circle and ordered that he whip the demon from the woman, thus freeing himself from its grip.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The boy never wavered once the whip was in his hand. He laid lash after lash across Frieda's buttocks, leaving a pattern of weals that soon blossomed into thick ridges of bloated flesh that ultimately burst into trickles of bright red blood that ran down her round cheeks and made red rings around her legs. He was merciless, perhaps out of fear, then again perhaps calculating that this performance would stand him in good stead with his peers and the young girls who might see him in a different light now that he was defeating the demon in front of the entire community. It was Damon who brought things to a close by stepping in after the teen had managed to land not one but two cruel lashes to her semi exposed pussy. He would take quite a bit of kidding from the men and establish himself as the leader of his peers. They did not untie the badly beaten woman until most of the crowd had dispersed. One of the more charitable women covered her wounds and assisted her to reach the residence of the family responsible for her during this period.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Two weeks later Frieda was marched into the barn on a Sunday afternoon and used brutally by nine members of the settlement. Many of the men took her more than once and almost all had anal sex with her. Midweek it was the turn of the teens working the fields, and everyone participated, leaving Frieda exhausted to the point that she passed out twice during the late afternoon. She paid dearly for this failure to do her job correctly and the woman of the house that was caring for her was given the responsibility for punishing her. The next day Frieda worked the fields naked to show the double catgut stitching that now prevented her from having normal sexual relations. The men thought it was a great joke and urged the teenagers to use her asshole like real men did.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It seemed that the women of the settlement spent all their free time inventing ways to hurt but not maim Frieda. Some developed various recipes for douching that were guaranteed to take the lining off her vagina and double as a method for birth control. They were quite pragmatic about their men folk doing her frequently, especially in the barn and out in the fields. The next generation was taking over and they were now the ones taking the settlement slave to the barn for lengthy sex and punishment sessions. The inclusion of punishment had developed as an answer to the steady complaining from their wives about her being treated better than their wives. Another aspect of things was rearing its head as well. Girls of marriageable age were finding it difficult to land a husband unless they tacitly accepted the fact that he was going to use Frieda for those special times when the wife probably wouldn't be very cooperative. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This led to some very interesting marriages. Girls who were heavy, skinny, flat chested and or not very pretty were finding success by the simple act of providing everything their husbands-to-be could ever want when it came to the bedroom. Word got around about wives who did naughty things and even seemed to enjoy doing them. When it came to getting pregnant they did exactly whatever their husband asked. This meant in some cases that the wife would be pregnant almost every year, while in others having a baby was an event occurring every five or six years. The confessions that reverend Damon was now hearing from the distaff side were shocking to say the least. Threats to excommunicate them or expose them as handmaidens of the devil fell on deaf ears. In a few cases they led to meetings with certain husbands that concluded that what went on in the bedroom was no one's business but theirs. Soon the typical female confessions were back to being pedestrian except for the occasional hell raiser who was just so proud of her situation that she had to tell it to someone.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Despite all the changes that were taking place in the settlement Damon still found ways to insinuate himself into certain early marriages in the guise of a spiritual counselor. His wife also continued her vendetta against Frieda, starving her during the long cold winters until she was skin and bones. She still invited a few of her close friends to visit and amuse themselves by humiliating and torturing the settlement's scarlet woman. As Frieda grew older and her skin hardened from the relentless sun beating down on her nearly naked body for months on end, her attractiveness to the male population waned, but never completely stopped. There were always the young bucks eager to make their mark by having sex with her. That usually resulted in a public whipping of the settlement's slut, much to the delight of Hilda and her clique of aging ladies. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One day it finally happened, a young husband who had taken sick in the fields and returned home unexpectedly caught Damon in the act. He discovered his wife and the reverend naked in his bed. He drove Damon from his house and quickly spread the word about what he had unearthed. The settlement elders met and decreed that their spiritual advisor had betrayed the families of the little town and must leave. Damon agreed to go quietly provided he could take Frieda with him. There was not very much argument against his demand, and so it was that the two left the settlement and made the trek north into the wilderness, finally settling in a small village consisting mostly of Eskimos and trappers. Once more Frieda was an attraction, not only to the trappers, but even some Eskimos.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (To be continued - jethro jodhpur)&nbsp; 











&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Institute of Advanced Sexuality - Chapter 18





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Canadian wilderness was populated only by the hardiest of souls, be they Eskimos or Europeans who made their living from trapping. The few trappers that had wives obtained them on a loan basis from the nearby Eskimos who were fishermen. It was a system that worked for all involved. The trappers were delighted to have a thirteen or fourteen year old female to keep house and satisfy their sexual needs. The arrangement was usually for one winter, with added pelts to be provided by the trapper in the event that his "wife" got pregnant while serving him. Either way, the Eskimo community was pleased to have females that brought new ways to enjoy sex and even to reduce the chance to become pregnant.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The only way that Damon survived that first brutal winter was trading Frieda to certain trappers for food and shelter. These were trappers that refused to cohabitate with the Eskimos, looking upon them as lower forms of life despite their tremendous survival capabilities. Frieda had no compunctions about providing sex for shelter and food. The trappers were delighted to discover just how sophisticated she was in bed. Soon Damon was asking for more pelts and food in exchange for his servant's services. Thanks to Frieda he not only survived, he prospered that winter. To her it was just another winter with filthy, stinking men rolling on and off her naked body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In the brief summer that brought mosquitoes and hibernating animals from their lairs, traders appeared to swap food and other necessities for the pelts the trappers offered. Damon also profited, offering Frieda's body for things he needed to prosper during the next dark, bitter cold winter. She was not as eager to perform when things appeared to be going so well. Damon soon beat that out of her and at the same time enticed traders and trappers to the little pen he built for the purpose of showing off her body while he whipped the skin from it. After each beating there was a line of customers eager to screw his slave bowlegged for a price that was much higher than the Eskimos offered for their teenage females. Strange as it seemed, Damon began to trade with the Eskimos, swapping goods for sexual access to their young girls. Frieda was used strictly for trading purposes.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; He preferred girls who were barely past puberty, reasoning that these would be less attractive and therefore more likely to be free of diseases. Even so, these young girls, many still flat chested and with only a few wisps of pubic hair, underwent careful examinations to be assured that they were not carrying any obvious venereal diseases caught from either the trappers or traders. So while poor Frieda was working as a prostitute, handling fifteen to twenty customers a day in the front room of the cabin Damon received as part of a trade, he was romping with one or two very young girls in his bedroom, teaching them the tricks of the trade. Most were very quick studies; fascinated by the strange, but exciting tricks they were shown and allowed to practice on their teacher. Damon also had a peephole made so he could keep tabs on his main source of income. He also used that to train the young girls that came to him from the Eskimo clan.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;If he had two girls with him, one would watch while the other practiced on his stiff cock. Most of the girls had great difficulty swallowing the boiling cum they drew from their teacher. His best student was a skinny girl with a flat chest and hairless pubic mound that just loved to suck him dry and even play with his cum before downing it. A few learned more than a single position for having sex, and had different tastes when it came to the best way to have sex. On one occasion he discovered that the pair of girls he was training had more interest in each other than what he tried to teach them. They were half sisters, which made it even more bizarre. Damon managed to impregnate one of them, which did not make the tribe very happy once they realized what had happened to her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Damon still made sure that Frieda knew of his control over her. He had been given advanced warning when one of the traders casually mentioned that he might be interested in taking Frieda off his hands for a price that was rather insulting. Loathe to insult a good customer; he invited the man to a special show featuring his slave and two Eskimo girls. It was held in his pen after she had taken care of her quota of customers. They had been particularly rough on her and she winced when she took a step. He stripped her naked and roped her spread eagle fashion to the side of the pen, face forward. He and the trader settled back and watched the two Eskimo girls shave Frieda's pubic area with a dull razor that left numerous cuts in its wake. Next the girls pulled her cunt lips apart until she cried out in pain. At a signal from Damon they began to twist and stretch the helpless woman's nipples, once more bringing screams from her. The trader increased his offer for her by ten percent, still insultingly low for a woman such as Frieda.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now it was Damon's turn to show his power over the helpless woman. He picked up a whip he had placed just below her spread thighs. She followed his movements as he picked up the whip and took two steps back from her. He snapped it to loosen the folds and then laid the first lash diagonally across her pubic mound, leaving a livid welt that crossed her sore cunt lips. The next lash completed the X-mark and brought a shrill howl from her lips. Damon grinned at her and laid the whip across her big tits, cutting those melons in two and slicing into the nipples at the same time. Her cry of pain echoed out to the ice floes. He held out the whip and asked the man if he wished to try his luck. The trader declined and Damon shrugged. He landed a series of brutal lashes that cut her midsection into a checkerboard pattern, leaving a combination of welts and tiny fountains of blood.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The great majority of the damage to his slave's body was superficial. Damon was no fool when it came to his best asset for bringing in wealth. The very next day she was bound in a position that allowed her customers to either select her cunt or asshole, but protected the areas of her body that had been whipped. He also instituted a special price for those who wished to use both her entrances during their session with her. He still wanted to somehow use her to bring in even more wealth. The idea dawned on him one afternoon while two very young Eskimo girls were taking turns sucking his cock. He could hear the slap of flesh against flesh from the room next door where Frieda was "entertaining" a pair of trappers that had paid a large sum for the privilege of using her simultaneously. He remembered the half sisters who had what he considered to be a very unhealthy relationship. Suddenly it wasn't so unhealthy. Why not train some of the young girls, who didn't know any better and then match them with Frieda in front of an audience? Convincing his slave to participate would be no problem if she valued her skin. He knew more nasty things to do to her body than she realized.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For the next few weeks after Frieda finished handling her customers, she would be introduced to Damon's little lovebirds. The Eskimos proved to be quick studies, being quite naive about things sexual when it came to girl-girl situations. Kissing proved to be easy to teach when it came to lips on lips. Showing them how to suck and kiss nipples also proved to be quite simple. Problems arose when the lips they were asked to kiss were located at the entrance to Frieda's cunt. It took some very serious spankings to convince the girls to follow his instructions. Damon also discovered that while he spanked these nude, flat-faced cuties his cock always hardened. More times than not this led to sex between him and his youthful Eskimo student. What finally solved his problem with their reluctance to go down on Frieda was the application of a sweet tasting paste to her private parts. It didn't take them long to realize just how tasty the white woman's cunt was. Not only that, her armpits and the insides of her thighs were also sources of this wonderful treat. All that remained was to train Frieda for her part in this threesome.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took a few nights without sleep for the poor wretch to finally understand that she had no choice when it came to what her master wished. She lay on her back, spread out with her hands and feet tightly tied to the rough bed's posts. Damon would beat her pussy with his rough-hewn paddle while the Eskimo girls watched with eyes wide. He would then smear her privates with the paste and let the two girls loose on her. He would become quite excited as he watched their pink tongues licking her pubes like they were puppies and she their bitch. When there was no more paste, he'd take over and use his fist to stretch his slave's cunt to dimensions that were not normal. Then her armpits would be coated and while the girls enjoyed this treat, he'd give the helpless wretch another taste of the paddle, spanking her swollen pussy as she wailed and pleaded for mercy. Two nights of this treatment and Frieda surrendered to his perverted wishes. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He rearranged his cabin to accommodate over a dozen men who had paid considerable money or goods to witness this highly erotic exhibition. Shaving Frieda's pubic hair turned out to be a wise move, only adding to the over all erotic nature of what the trio displayed. These rustics and wilderness people had never seen what he displayed for their eyes. The Eskimo girls seemed perfect for their roles. They thought it was great fun to be allowed to lick the tasty treats from the skin of this white woman. She acted as if they weren't even there, moaning and barely moving as their tongues covered every area that contained the paste. For three nights he had a full house for the display, and a long line of customers for Frieda afterward. However, word got back to the Eskimo leaders and they withdrew from their part of the arrangement, taking the two girls away from him. By the time he negotiated a new agreement that was more costly and involved Frieda, it was winter once more.





&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (To be continued - jethro jodhpur)











&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Institute of Advanced Sexuality - Chapter 19





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That second winter was brutal, preventing even the hardiest of trappers from venturing out into the snow and high winds. Damon on the other hand was not pleased with Frieda as his only companion for sex. During one of the rare lulls in that ferocious winter he visited the Eskimos to make peace with the chief and see if he could trade Frieda's services for access to a couple of Eskimo girls, preferably young so he could train them to be good when it came time for them to be used by the men of the tribe or swapped with the trappers. Naturally the chief of the tribe would have first call on Frieda's services. The old man had heard much about this white woman and was eager to see if she was as good as the claims made her out to be. Unfortunately for Frieda, Damon was ignorant of many of their customs. The chief already had three wives, ranging in age from perhaps twenty to past forty. The oldest of his wives ruled the others and she expected to be obeyed by the white woman as well.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While Damon had the pleasure of training twin Eskimo girls who were fascinated by his big cock and giggled when his fat tongue tickled her little pussies, Frieda was introduced to her new mistress and her assistants. The trio was flat-faced and hardened by their life in the Eskimo enclave. Lunia, the eldest wife, would prove to be a merciless mistress, quick to punish the white woman for any error or hint of disobedience to her wishes. The other wives knew full well that the smartest thing they could do was to support Lunia in any matter involving the white woman. The trio also knew that the old leader still reigned supreme in their world. So to avoid losing status by adopting the risky strategy of continuously blaming the white woman for any and every mishap, instead they set traps that made her look to be the culprit for major setbacks that affected the entire tribe.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The major advantage Frieda had was her expertise in sexually satisfying men gained over many decades of perfecting this survival art. However the old chief proved to be a very difficult sex partner, having become quite comfortable with what his three wives provided in that area. He was not impotent, but by now proved to be a challenge to his wives when it came to actually bringing him to a climax of sorts. At first he paid no interest to this latest member of his igloo. He made sure she was kept busy helping the wives prepare his food and keeping everything in this igloo in good working order. It wasn't until the third day that he finally gave Frieda her chance to satisfy his needs. In the igloo there was no such thing as privacy. So it was that his newest acquisition stripped to the skin to display her body. The wives were eager to compare what she offered to their own bodies. This just added to their insecurity and irritation.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Most of the scars from previous beatings had nearly faded. Her full firm tits were superior to what any of the old chief's wives possessed now or ever. What irritated them the most was her shaved privates, calling attention to the full, blood-red cunt lips guarding her still tight fuck tunnel. As they watched in envy, the chief beckoned Frieda to his bed of pelts, then pointed to his groin and the huddled lump that hung over his shrunken scrotum. She wasted no time responding to his wishes. There was a collective gasp from his trio of wives as the white woman opened her mouth and sucked up his limp cock, which quickly disappeared from view. The chief's weather-beaten face broke into a smile as Frieda nosily sucked his limp cock. All his wives could do was stare with open mouths at this display.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It got even more astonishing as she let his cock slip from between her lips and quickly dove beneath to fasten her mouth onto his shrunken scrotum. She popped his balls out and quickly recaptured them for some serious sucking. The chief groaned as he felt blood flow into regions of his groin that had been dry for years. Now Frieda licked them until they glistened, and then followed that with kisses, going back and forth. Before any of his wives could say anything, she returned to his cock and sucked the head for a few seconds and then moved down the stiffening shaft to suck the middle portion and even give it gentle bites that had the chief moaning and saying words in his tongue that she did not understand. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She managed to consume his entire hard length for a brief moment before releasing all of it except the bulbous head that was now scarlet and weeping. She sucked and hummed as the tribal leader's chest heaved and his breath grew ragged as he felt the onset of a climax, something he had failed to experience for many, long, empty months. Moments later what Frieda swished around in her mouth was watery with only a trace of saltiness, but it was brought up from his churning balls and ejected from his firm prong, a triumph for the white woman. She didn't know it at the time, but Frieda had made three enemies who during that terrible winter would take every opportunity to bring her as close to death as they dared.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As soon as the chief nodded off to sleep, the trio of Eskimo women were upon Frieda like ravenous wolves, quickly binding her wrists behind her back and stuffing her mouth with a piece of worn fur, holding it in place with another strip of leather. They dragged the struggling white woman over to the bucket that was used by it occupants and shoved her head into the filthy smelly mess. Frieda struggled as best she could, but they were too strong for her. Gradually her strength failed and they could keep her head beneath the muck until she stopped struggling. Lunia counted slowly in her native tongue until she was certain the white woman swallowed enough of the bucket's foul contents. She watched as her adversary coughed up what she had ingested, then ordered her companions to dunk Frieda back into the muck and hold her there until she gave the command to let her up again. Frieda lost count of how many times she went under the mess in that foul smelling bucket, but at long last they allowed her to rest.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her tormentors dragged her naked body out of the igloo and made her roll in the snow to clean off what had accumulated on her face and upper body. The brutal cold and the howling wind combined to suck the heat from her bare body and soon she was shivering so badly that her teeth felt as if they were about to shatter from the way they were clicking. Finally she was allowed to enter the igloo and put on some clothing. She was barely conscious, but her cruel mistress ordered her to begin cutting small pieces of blubber from the large chunk that was kept under a mound of snow and frozen pelts. It was hard work, but it kept her mind from the troubles she had just experienced. Frieda realized she had made some enemies with the way she satisfied the chief of the tribe. Perhaps if she taught them the techniques she knew about satisfying the trappers and other white men, they might look more kindly toward her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her plan was doomed to failure. The Eskimo chief was not one who was driven by his sexual appetites. If the white woman could now and then bring him to a climax, that was expected for as chief he had an image to uphold with his tribe, especially for the few candidates waiting to fight for his position once he passed away and his spirit left the tribe. In the interim he cleverly exploited his slave by using her as a gift to his rivals. When she wasn't having sex with his challengers, teaching her secrets to his trio of wives or being taught how to sexually satisfy the women, she worked tirelessly on his cock as he dozed and dreamed of his past and all the women he had satisfied.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As the months went by and the storms continued unabated, he spent more time with other families that were of his blood, leaving Frieda at the mercy of his wives who took advantage of the situation. For days on end they took turns humiliating her. They filled the bucket with their wastes and forced the white woman to search for her food that was also added to the bucket as she watched. They kept her hands tied behind her back for days on end. Her hands would swell and turn nearly black before they released them to allow the blood circulation to return, bringing terrific pain to her swollen hands. She remained naked at all times and for additional punishment would be pushed out into the snow and ice for hours on end as she huddled beneath the snow and shivered as the wind whipped icy particles across the frigid landscape.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Frieda's big firm tits acted as magnets for the three savages. Rawhide strips were noosed around the base of each tit and remained for days. After a time the blood circulation was nearly eliminated and those big bags grew larger and took on a strange shiny color that with time turned to black. When the strips were finally removed the pain was terrific as blood flowed quickly back into those bulging bags. Her screams were so loud and lengthy that they resorted to stuffing her mouth with snow to silence her. She was dragged over to the pile of frozen pelts that covered the blubber where Frieda was forced to her knees and positioned so her tits were supported by the unyielding pelts. Now while two of the wives held her in this position, made easier by her weakened condition, Lunia proceeded to pound those super sensitive mounds with frozen strips of blubber until she passed out from the pain.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her once bald cunt entrance was now covered with fleecy, golden hairs that interested the women who took action to humiliate her. They amused themselves by plucking those long golden hairs from her pubes, often leaving the stubs at the skin line. Often these stubs would become ingrown and be a source of constant irritation and low-level pain. Of even greater interest was Frieda's cunt. They would collect fresh snow from outside the igloo and pack her cunt with it. It didn't take long for the snow to suck up most of her naked body's heat and cause her to shiver uncontrollably from the cold. Sometimes her lips would become almost black from the loss of body heat and on a few occasions her face would also change color to a pale blue, a sign that she was on the verge of passing out.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Worse yet was the accidental discovery made by the youngest wife, who had smaller than normal hands. One day the three of them were taking turns packing Frieda's cunt with as much snow as they could force into that tight tunnel. While one packed her cunt, the other two rubbed snow all over her face and poked it into the white woman's ears and nostrils as she struggled against the fiendishly tight leather strips that kept her hands tied behind her back. The youngest was busy trying to stuff more snow into Frieda's cunt by pounding her fist into the snow she had already crammed into the white woman's cavity. The previous snow was not as compact as she thought and it failed, allowing her fist to enter Frieda's cunt. At first she felt trapped as the tight tube of flesh clamped down on her wrist. Frieda added to the turmoil by screaming and thrashing about, but failing to rid her cunt of the wife's fist.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Order was soon restored and the wife's hand removed from the white woman's cunt. It didn't take long for Lunia to realize what had happened and make the most of it. That long night the trio learned how to use bear grease to lubricate their fists so they could enter Frieda's cunt and stretch it to its limits as the slave grunted and gasped in pain. Naturally it was the youngest wife who finally managed to get her fist completely inside and then move it up their victim's birthing canal. When she made contact with Frieda's uterus the white woman vomited from the pain, much to the delight of the three wives. Later in the lengthy session they managed to draw blood, their fingers scraping the membrane guarding the sensitive tube of flesh.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The nightmare continued as the trio now took turns presenting their hairy maws to Frieda for grooming. The smell and taste were unlike anything she had experienced, even from the trappers she had serviced over the last winter. Prior to her arrival the trio had been prevented from enjoying each other by the baleful presence of the tribe's chief. His lengthy absences and focus on his slave when he did return to his igloo now strengthened their desire for sexual revenge. Since the white woman had no way to speak to him, they were now able to use her for the same servicing as the chief. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Any attempt on her part to even hint to him about what they were going to do would lead quickly to her demise as soon as the chief left her under their control. This was communicated to Frieda in a brutal manner, her tits were skewered with whalebone needles and her cunt lips sewed shut with rough thread that hurt even more than the needle that was used. For the next few sleep cycles, days were nonexistent, they took turns squatting over their sex slave's face, letting her tongue dissolve layer after layer of unmentionable material from their pubes that she was forced to dispose by swallowing.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Still not satisfied, they cut some blubber from the main chunk hidden beneath a layer of pelts, and carved the pieces into crude versions of cocks. The stitching was removed from the slave's cunt mouth in a rough way that left numerous cuts in her cuntlips. Now she was open for more fun as the trio took turns fucking her with their blubber cocks as she screamed and struggled to escape the terrible pain caused by the icy slices of raw whale meat that rubbed the insides of her cunt into a bleeding tube of sore, swollen flesh. When the crude weapons lost some of their hardness they were placed outside of the igloo to harden and others were carved and employed to continue the white woman's torture. Frieda lost a considerable amount of blood from the vicious attacks on her cunt, so they were discontinued. That did not mean she was given any rest. Now the crude weapons were used to open her asshole. The only thing that saved her from dying in that cramped little icehouse was the return of the chief who had taken sick and decided to let his wives treat his illness.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The tribal leader was too sick to realize the poor condition of his slave. His wives made sure that he suspected nothing, keeping Frieda busy sucking his limp cock and licking his shrunken balls by the hour. They even took turns assisting the white woman. One of the wives was always dedicated to stroking his cock into Frieda's mouth whenever she tired and needed to rest her mouth and tongue. It was late in a cycle when their husband coughed up some blood, his chest rattling. The white woman was roused from her troubled sleep and set to work sucking his cock with every bit of energy she possessed while the wives wailed and chanted. Perhaps an hour later the old man died, his cock still limp. Lunia put on her furs and disappeared into the howling storm to let the next in line know that he was now the chief of the tribe. When she returned with the new chief and some of the male members of his family, they supervised the wives as they dressed the dead chief in his best finery and buried his body beneath the floor of the igloo. It would be exhumed once the thaw came and sent to its proper destination in the traditional way of the Eskimo. The new chief decided to take Frieda as his concubine until her master came for her in the Spring.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued - jethro jodhpur)











&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Institute of Advanced Sexuality - Chapter 20





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Even the Eskimos had some form of protocol, and so the new leader of the band made a call on Damon to explain things. In the discussion that followed, he asked for permission from the owner of Frieda to allow him to assume the responsibility for her until the end of the dark period. Damon attempted to gain access to another young female from the band, but was initially rebuffed. He continued to argue, explaining she would not require anything from the Eskimos during her stay with him, and would be returned to the band with much more knowledge of things that would make the males more happy and satisfied. The wily leader had much from the former chief about Frieda and her abilities, and so this bargain was made.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Life in both camps went on as before during the next ten weeks of bitter cold and unending darkness only occasionally broken by a snowstorm. Unfortunately for Frieda this meant almost continuous observation by the chief's two wives as well as visits to other igloos where her naked, buxom, white body was used by the more dominant males of the group. Her new master spent much of his time solidifying his new power with the band, which meant many visits that always included ritual sex as each of his former rivals offered their most attractive females to him as a sign of his new status. Often upon return to his igloo it would be some number of days before he became interested in his wives or the white-skinned slave.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Frieda was kept busy instructing his wives on ways to enhance his pleasure when he was with them. He was delighted in this benefit, but of course it caused great insecurity to his wives who looked upon this white woman as competition. On one of his extended visits he sent the three women with gifts to stay with the wives of the former chief. During the nearly week long stay the five Eskimos ganged up on poor Frieda and spent most of their waking hours tormenting their defenseless white victim. Once more the innocent pawn relived the agony and terror of her days with the old chief and his three nasty wives. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By the time they separated, Frieda was semiconscious and now sported some fresh tattoos, cut into her inner thighs and buttocks. These marks were indelible, so deep were they cut into her flesh. They had even gone so far as to burn away nearly half of her inner cunt lips with smoldering sticks. For that torture they not only bound her, she was held down by at least two of the women at all times. Other tortures she endured left mental scars as well as damage to areas deep within her body. For many months afterward any rough treatment of her cunt and asshole meant terrible pain and bleeding. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They even managed to temporarily damage her pectoral muscles that caused her big firm tits to sag as if she were a woman of sixty. The beatings she endured when they weren't mutilating her bare body and finding new methods to damage her internally also left some near permanent marks, especially in the region of those now sagging tits, buttocks and the mouth of her cunt. When the Eskimo leader returned there was hell to pay as he found out what had happened to the white woman who had been lent to him by Damon. He dreaded the scene that would occur when the exchange was made once the sun returned to the sky.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As fate would have it, only days before Damon and the new Eskimo leader were to finalize their agreement, the village received a visitor. Sergeant Timothy Chilton, of the North West Mounted Police, had heard of some shady practices being transacted in this little village between the trappers and the Eskimos. He was quite familiar with the way to deal effectively with the local indigenous population, and so he paid a visit to the new leader, once he learned the former chief had passed away. Their ceremonial meeting became a bit more once he spied Frieda, who stood out like a sore thumb. Worse still, upon closer examination he ascertained that she had been terribly misused by person or persons unknown. The wily Eskimo leader placed the blame squarely on the shoulders of the new white man who had come to the village two winters ago with this woman as his slave.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sergeant Chilton caught Damon unprepared. In reality the unfrocked priest was enjoying a tryst with his three little moneymakers, still scheming for a way to regain Frieda and retain the services of these three very young whores&nbsp; he had trained over the lengthy winter. They had helped his business somewhat by charging only half of what he usually asked for the services of Frieda. The meeting between the two men was somewhat lengthy due to the rather complex arrangements that finally settled the issues. Two of the Eskimo girls would stay with Damon permanently, the third returning to her family in six months. Frieda, who was unable to serve him in her normal capacity, would leave the village as Chilton's prisoner, with her fate to be determined sometime in the future. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Eskimo chief would either accept these terms or be arrested for the physical harm to Frieda caused by his wives. None of this could probably stand in a court of law, but the Eskimo leader would be so hamstrung defending himself that in all likelihood he would be replaced by one of his rivals. The sergeant had not spent a decade plus in this wilderness without becoming rather canny himself. Three days later Frieda, with a small bundle of her meager possessions, took leave from the village under the protection of the policeman, beginning a new phase of her life.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her new master proved to be something of a martinet. He expected her to walk beside the sled to rest the dogs every few hours. Woe to her if she fell behind. That merited a sound thrashing, deferred until they reached civilization, such as it was. Winter had dissipated, but it was still quite cold, especially if one was not dressed for the climate. Frieda had no warm clothing except for one moldy fur cape that still exposed her legs to the elements. Chilton attempted to have sex with her on the third stop of the trek to the next village, but she was still recovering from the terrible tortures given to her by the Eskimo women, and unable to have sex normally. Chilton was pragmatic and so she knelt in the snow and sucked his cock until he filled her mouth with his warm sperm, which she swallowed gratefully. This activity was fairly routine until they reached the next village and had a crude cabin for shelter. He made sure she would not escape by stripping her naked and roping Frieda to the rough bed in spread-eagle fashion.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was a shivering sex slave who eagerly awaited her master for the heat that he would generate. She sincerely hoped he would take his time using her and wanted her more than once. She got her wish and then some. He returned in the company of a large bearded man, a trapper who Chilton knew very well. Her eyes popped when he unbuttoned his trousers to reveal a cudgel of mammoth proportions. Frieda steeled herself for the wave of pain that would occur when that huge weapon sank into her ravaged cunt. Fortunately he needed some assistance from her mouth, which Frieda was only too happy to provide. While she worked to harden that huge piece of meat Chilton busied himself at the entrance to her cunt. He smeared her pubic mound with bear grease which provided much less friction than her damaged cunt could generate. Still she screamed and jerked her head back when about half the length of the policeman's cock sank into her sore tunnel.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The lawman initially took his time and this tended to minimize the pain associated with what he was doing. However the assault on her mouth was another matter altogether. It felt as if she had lockjaw, so wide did that huge cudgel force her mouth to open. Getting air into her lungs became an arduous task and soon she was seeing spots before her eyes. Meanwhile the other's cock was making further inroads into her badly bruised interior, adding to her pain and fear. Soon the pain connected with Chilton's assault on her cunt became her entire focus. She barely noticed her inability to draw breath as bolts of sheer agony raced along the length of her sex tunnel. Frieda passed out well before Chilton emptied the contents of his churning balls into her ruined cunt. When he withdrew, his cock was completely coated with blood. That ended this session. Fortunately for her one of the few doctors in the territory happened to be visiting the Eskimo tribe that peopled most of this village. He managed to stem the hemorrhaging, but it would be weeks before she could travel. Chilton made arrangements with the Eskimos to care for the woman while he finished his rounds of the villages in this section of the Northwest Territories. Six weeks later he returned to find Frieda nearly completely recovered thanks to the efforts of the doctor and then a few of the more knowledgeable Eskimo people.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The thaw had brought out the hibernating animals as well as the insects that swarmed over anything that moved. Despite the warm temperatures Frieda was swaddled in clothing to protect her body from the constant attacks of mosquitoes. Still at the end of each day's run the sergeant managed to find a sheltered place where he could unwrap his prize and pound her yielding pussy as hard as he wanted for as long as he wanted. After a few days of this steady assault on her person, the woman could barely keep up with his wide strides. The snow sled was no more, now modified for the softened terrain they traversed. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tragedy struck when they were a few miles from Fort Smith, the last stop on the lengthy route he had taken. The lawman was shot from ambush and fell dead from a fusillade of bullets. Frieda saw no one and remained huddled behind the sledge until many hours later a trapper on the way out came upon the dead Mountie, his body riddled with bullets and still warm. Things went fast afterward. She was interrogated by the local authorities, but was unable to give them any information except that he was killed from ambush. Sergeant Chilton was well respected in this region and the locals were determined to get to the bottom of this mystery. The interrogation intensified from words to physical threats. Frieda could offer them nothing. The threats escalated to action.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Frieda was stripped to the skin and marched out to the small yard behind the local jail. The three prisoners got a front row seat to what happened to her that long afternoon under the hot sun. She was hung by her wrists from a cantilevered piece of wood providing total access to her naked body. The tattoos carved in her bare body by the Eskimo women drew the attention of her tormentors. One of them claimed that the symbols meant she was a lesbian, which made the eyes of the others grow wide while they licked their lips in anticipation. She was informed that unless she told the truth about what happened to sergeant Chilton, she'd be shown what real men could do to her body. She sobbed and repeated that she knew nothing, adding that the Mountie had shown her great kindness after rescuing her from the Eskimo tribe responsible for the tattoos she now wore in shame. That brought laughter from them as they drew lots to see in what order they would whip her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There were four men and they took turns using their belts to rip into Frieda's bare body. Some enjoyed whipping her big tits that still had some sag to them from what the Eskimo women had done to them. Others concentrated on her cunt once they hammered some stakes into the ground and tied her ankles to them to spread her legs wide to offer them easy access to that hairy slot. Naturally everyone took a turn on her ass, turning the cheeks into swollen flesh. The woman whimpered and pleaded, but offered no additional information concerning the ambush of the Chilton. They needed a rest before tearing into her once more. Someone got the bright idea of torching the hair covering her armpits and pussy. Another took it one step further, suggesting they rub something flammable over the areas they wished to torch and then light them up.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Frieda knew the smell of kerosene and began to wail in fear of what was going to happen. They did not disappoint her. One of the men sloshed the fluid into one of her armpits and stepped back to view what was about to happen. Another noticed that much of it was making its way down her ribcage, and suggested that unless they wanted her to burn to death, it should be removed. There was a short discussion that resulted in the kerosene dripping from her armpit being wiped away. The group stepped back and watched as a lit match was held close to her soaked armpit, which almost immediately caught fire as she screamed her head off. The hair disappeared in a puff of oily smoke, creating a dark red region where the kerosene had been. The men roared with laughter when a frightened Frieda lost control of her bladder and pissed all over herself.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;More kerosene was carefully rubbed deep into the flesh of her other armpit as she blubbered and begged for mercy. She was told all she had to do was confess her part in the ambush of the sergeant and it would be off to prison for the next twenty years. Frieda lost her composure and offered to do anything the men wanted if only they would let her go. She was rewarded with a cruel slap across the face and a vicious twisting of one of her nipples. At the urging of his companions the one doing the kerosene added a little extra this time and then stepped back, lit a match and set her armpit on fire. This time her underarm was roasted, leaving second-degree burns behind. Frieda fainted from the shock, bringing jeers from the group.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Rather than wake her from her slumber before they continued burning away the prisoner's body hair, they decided to give her a big surprise instead. This time they made sure her pubic mound was thoroughly doused with the flammable liquid. They even managed to wet her clit and cunt lips with it as well. It was while doing this they discovered her inner cunt lips had been burned to a crisp previously. Evidently they weren't the first group to become angry at her bad behavior. This took much of the onus from their role in her interrogation. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now one of them argued that the tattoos were an affront to womanhood and had to be erased. What better way then to use fire? The men grinned and nodded their approval of this treatment. More kerosene was poured liberally over the marks made on the insides of her thighs. One of them remarked that she'd probably go up like a torch, but the others dismissed his concern. She'd live to ultimately tell them exactly what they wanted to hear and then if she were a model prisoner, they'd sell her to the local brothel after she served her six months in jail satisfying them and their friends night and day. No matter what they wanted, she'd do it or more time would be added to her sentence. Everyone thought that was a great idea, and so they watched in great anticipation. This time a lighted piece of wood was used to wake her up to a world of pain and suffering, the likes of which she probably had never experienced.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued - jethro jodhpur)











&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Institute of Advanced Sexuality - Chapter 21



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cooler heads prevailed and it was decided that Frieda would be burned in sections to avoid the possibility that she might be seriously injured or even die if what was originally planned was to take place. For starters they decided to burn off one of the tattoos located on her inner thigh. Accordingly kerosene was rubbed into the region and then set off. The woman screamed herself hoarse as the flesh blistered from the burning liquid. Unfortunately the mark had been cut so deep that it remained even though the flesh had cooked. There was an argument about a second application of kerosene to the burned flesh that led to a second attempt to burn away the carving. It failed as well, but forced their prisoner into shock from the pain. It took some time for her to be revived for more burning.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Frieda's pubic hair was removed in increments. First the top half of those thick, springy tendrils that had grown out into the region between her firm ass cheeks and sent a two-inch wide swath up to reach her navel were soaked and set afire. The woman screamed and shook but in truth this portion of the denuding only caused some minor pain, but a high degree of fright. She pleaded and promised anything if the men would stop what they were doing. Frieda received a few cuffs to the head and from her keepers. They laughed at her puny offers, telling her that unless she started telling them what they wanted to hear, she'd be raped all night and then taken back out to the yard for more beatings and burning once they got some sleep. Frieda was in despair at these threats.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;More liquid fire was rubbed into the regions that had been previously burned. Once more she was asked to confess, but remained silent. The rest of her outcrop of pubic hair burned down to the skin and then below, causing her to beg for mercy and bellow like a wounded animal from the terrible pain that was generated. Still she resisted their threats and so they started to soak a portion of her remaining pubic hair in kerosene. They warned her this was her last chance and Frieda foolishly promised to tell them whatever they wanted to hear. When they said she must confess to setting the trap that led to the sergeant's death, she refused, knowing that guaranteed life in prison or even death.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Guess we'll just have to set fire to that forest full of hair and let it burn to the ground. My guess is it'll roast your pussy as well. I never fucked a roasted pussy before, that ought to be some kind of fun to hear you yell and scream while we're doing it to you over and over and over."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She shuddered at the prospect of what he had just described. In her mind she imagined what it might feel like to have her pretty little puss all burned and hurting even before they started raping her. They took their time doing it to her, burning away one small section after another as she begged and screamed and promised them anything. As the hair burned away, it revealed still more carvings made by the Eskimo women. The men were astonished at the hatred this still pretty, well-built woman had caused. The sadist in the group insisted that the carvings be burned off, no matter how long it took. He was shouted down and warned about his excessive behavior, which was strange considering what they were also doing to their helpless victim. Frieda passed out repeatedly as every wisp of pubic hair burned down to the skin level. Unfortunately some of that tender skin surrounding her pussy mouth was also cooked, creating a smiling, two-toned pubic region. Later, when her hair grew back, it came in clusters surrounded by denuded flesh that was incapable of supporting hair growth.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Although there was still plenty of sun, the men were more interested in sampling their prisoner's cunt, asshole and mouth, individually and collectively too. Only the sadist wanted to put more marks on the woman, and so they let him amuse himself while they watched. He used his belt with the big buckle, whipping her back and bottom until she fainted from the pain. That made him angry and before they could stop him, he switched to the buckle end and managed to land two blows to Frieda's front side; one tearing into her left tit the other ripping up the flesh surrounding her slit. That ended the fun as the others mobbed him and took away his belt. This was not done from compassion, but more the fear that she might be too damaged to service them sexually.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They dragged Frieda into a large cell that contained only a wooden bench with straps at the corners. Members of both sexes had been stretched out on this bench to be beaten, tortured and raped. This was done to either make the prisoner confess to his or her misdeeds or for the amusement of the men who volunteered to take a turn as a jailer. In fact on one occasion a cheating husband had been strapped down to the bench and his wife allowed to do anything she wanted except to mutilate or castrate her errant spouse. She whipped his cheating ass until it looked like a piece of raw meat. Not satisfied she had the jailer and his assistants turn the man over so she could do his front side as well. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had gotten herself a bit overheated from whipping him, so she removed her dress to reveal herself in only a pair of bikini panties and a matching bra she had brought from a catalog for a special occasion, and this was it. Those who witnessed her unveiling were rather taken with her womanly figure, especially her big udders that stretched that bra to its limits. They couldn't fail to notice that the crotch of those panties allowed a fairly decent look at her womanly treasures. That day she got some serious offers to join certain individuals in their bed whenever she felt the need for decent male companionship. That seemed to have a decided affect on her cheating husband, who developed a substantial erection at the sight of his wife so fetchingly displayed. It had been a number of years since he'd had this type of opportunity and felt it shameful that he could not partake of her charms.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This was one hard-hearted woman as she soon proved. She doubled up the strap she had been using on his ass and proceeded to whip the starch out of that stiff shaft. It took her about five minutes to turn that hard length of cock into a quivering lump of jelly. She was still not satisfied and so she wiggled out of her panties, much to the delight of the onlookers, and straddled her cheating spouse. Now that hairy muff was inches from his amazed face, which featured a pair of bulging eyes and an open mouth. His mouth got full in a big hurry as she glued her pussy to it and grabbed his hair for leverage. The crowd was now divided into those who grinned at his discomfort and humiliation and others so embarrassed that they looked away. Then someone spied the husband's cock growing once more as he ate pussy like a starving man. That brought hoots and hollers from the men as it became apparent that her cheating husband was now a pussy whipped wimp and would remain so as long as they stayed together. What happened next was the stuff of some tall stories.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In one story that went around the town the wife took back her wimp husband and forced him to accept her lady friends who visited frequently. As the story goes he spent plenty of time either between the thighs of many of them, being trained to be a champion pussy eater, or learning how to properly worship tits, feet and armpits. His wife also enjoyed forcing him to watch her make love to another woman, demanding that he masturbate the entire time and woe if he had the temerity to ejaculate without her permission. After about a year of this steady humiliation, he left town and took up with a thirteen-year-old Eskimo girl. According to those in the know, he was unable to sexually satisfy her and so she left him in less than a year and returned to her village.




 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Another story claims his wife took him back to avenge his cheating. She took a series of male lovers and made him witness what went on in the bedroom. He would be tied tightly to a chair in a location where he could see what was happening on the big bed he once shared with his wife. Often she would invite two men to satisfy her at the same time. Regardless of the number of men, she always had her bound husband suck the cum from her cunt while they watched and readied themselves for another round of hot and heavy sex. It is said that on rare occasions she would have anal sex with her partner and force her helpless husband to suck it from her asshole. If she sucked her lover off, she'd capture every drop in her mouth and then transfer it into her husband's mouth while the lover laughed at his discomfort. He would be forced to swish it around in his mouth and swallow it as she and her partner watched his humiliation. He finally left after she threatened to have him suck off her lovers after they had sex with her. In that way they might recover quicker and return to enjoying her plump, rounded body. Rumor has it he moved to another town, took a menial job and married a spinster some twenty years older than him who proved to be extremely demanding in bed despite her skinny body, plain face and gray hair.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Frieda's lengthy ordeal on the bench would offer enough material for another epic story about how she survived and what became of her. She was placed on her back, a pillow of sorts beneath the lower portion of her body so that her cunt was elevated. Her legs were spread and the straps anchored her ankles to the lower corners of the bench. It had been designed in such a way that its length could be changed. It was most effective in the short configuration when it held a female prisoner. Her head would extend past the edge of the bench, forcing her neck muscles to be put into tension. Her wrists would be strapped to the second set of legs, now located nearly two feet back from the edge of the bench. This accomplished, Frieda was now available for the first round of rapes.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Because her head was hanging over the edge of the bench, it was possible for two men to be working on her naked body at the same time. It took a few turns before each of them became familiar with her warm, wet mouth and its potential for trouble. The first two who used her this way shot off inside her mouth, losing their first opportunity to do something to her cunt. Those who did were quite happy to use her mouth when it became available. They were refreshed relatively fast and ready to do her a second time, ahead of the others who wasted their initial cum in her mouth. Naturally those who were unable to use her body made her pay in other ways. At the first opportunity they punched her cunt as hard as they could causing her to scream and start sobbing from the terrible pain. That only brought on more vicious punches until those ready to use her started complaining that she was too damaged to be an enjoyable sex partner. Forbidden to work on her pussy, they turned to her big tits, using them as punching bags while the others fucked her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After an hour of familiarizing themselves with Frieda's body as a sex object, they went to work on her with a vengeance. One stiff cock after another pounded away inside her loosening cunt while other cocks cut off her air supply and rubbed her throat raw. Still on occasion a man would deviate from the routine and land a brutal blow to one of her swollen tits or worse, her unprotected belly. The first time she took it in the gut, the cock she was sucking felt as if it was captured in a vise and then bathed in some type of acidic solution that burned. For a few brief moments Frieda teetered on the brink of death as the one with the burning cock started squeezing her neck and making her eyes nearly pop from her head. By the time everyone calmed down, she was unconscious with her face an ashen color. The quartet decided they had enough for the first session. Frieda was revived and marched to her cell, still naked with her hands cuffed behind her back. She was hungry and thirsty, but no one seemed to be responsible for taking care of her needs.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The next morning they found her in a deep sleep, curled into a ball and on the dirt floor. They had a great deal of difficulty rousing her and one of them at least realized she was in a worse condition than they expected. She had been exposed to the hot sun and whipped severely for hours then taken indoors for a good raping and more beating that sapped her strength further. In all this time she had received no food or water. If this was allowed to continue, she might go into a coma and then there would be hell to pay for all involved. So it was out of fear for their situation that caused them to decide that Frieda should rest and be given food and water before they marched her outside for another session of whipping and perhaps more burning if she proved stubborn.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Frieda proved stubborn that day and so they whipped her harder, concentrating on her big tits and ass until both regions were bloody messes. She kept passing out from the pain, which infuriated some of her assailants. Out came the kerosene and up went her armpits in flames, putting her into shock and ending the sessions for two days. Even after she recovered, it wasn't the same person. Now she was taciturn, able to take enormous amounts of punishment without flinching. It was as if most of her nerves had been turned off. Raping her had no affect whatsoever. She was like a mannequin, barely moving as her cunt and asshole were stretched to obscene dimensions by her frustrated jailers, who now double fucked her holes or stuffed them with thick lengths of tree limbs. She would bleed like a stuck pig and this would end the fun for perhaps two or three days. When they blocked her throat with their stiff cocks, she quietly lost consciousness. On a few occasions her face turned a pale blue and it took over an hour to bring her back to her senses.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They devised new ways of hanging her for her whippings. Her hands would be tied tightly behind her back and another rope used to hoist her up so that abnormal positioning of Frieda's shoulders put a tremendous strain on them. This position did prevent her privates from being cut to ribbons, but over the days the backside of her body was slowly turned into a slab of raw meat that the mosquitoes feasted on even as they whipped it. Her big tits were whipped with rawhide strips until they swelled to the point that the skin split in places. One day after a beating that exhausted them, but seemed to have little influence on her attitude, they smeared one of her nipples with pitch and set it afire. That got a strong response from her and so they applied more pitch to the ruined nub and burned it again, sending Frieda into deep shock that kept her unconscious for more than four days and frightened her tormentors no end.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There can be no doubt that sooner or later Frieda would have succumbed to the beatings, burning and rapes. She had a remarkable constitution, but the steady punishment she absorbed plus the near starvation she experienced were taking their toll. Thus in a sense the arrival of the replacement for sergeant Chilton was a blessing for Frieda. He was a no nonsense type and used to dealing with the rough and tumble citizens of the Northwest Territories. By then Frieda was a near skeleton covered with welts, cuts, bruises, burns, running sores and scabs. She stunk to high heaven and could barely speak from all the damage her larynx had taken from cocks scraping away the lining that protected it. Even he was a bit perturbed by the condition of the prisoner. He had a meeting with the jailer that did not go well. The man claimed that this woman had played a part in the ambush of sergeant Chilton, but had stubbornly refused to confess to it. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Mountie wasted no time interrogating Frieda. He had her marched out to the area where she had her daily whipping or burning or whatever else they could dream up to do to her. He made her stand at attention, unfettered. He walked around her in a circle, then went behind Frieda and drew his pistol. The bullet whizzed by her ear deafening the prisoner. He faced her and jammed the pistol inside her mouth, telling her to say her prayers as he was going to blow her head off. Then he cocked the pistol and pulled the trigger, causing the jailer to nearly faint and Frieda to lose control of her bowels and bladder. The chamber had been empty by design. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He went into a rage, screaming that his pistol had malfunctioned. He held it up and discharged another round into the air. Back the barrel went into Frieda's mouth. Just before he pulled the trigger she fell to her knees in terror and begged for mercy saying she had played only a minor role in the ambush. The Mountie turned and left the sobbing Frieda in the custody of the astounded jailer while he sought out the judge, who he knew was sitting in the town during this month. An hour later he returned and ordered the jailer to have his prisoner well enough to travel when he returned in three months. He also warned him that any damage done to her physically or mentally would be on his head. The jailer understood only too well what that meant. Three months later he returned and collected his prisoner who by then had recovered quite nicely but now bore this new crop of scars, most of which she would carry to her grave.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued - jethro jodhpur)











 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Institute of Advanced Sexuality - Chapter 22





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The trip to her new home was uneventful. The mountie treated her better than most, which was surprising to her since she had confessed to having been part of a plot to kill the mountie that he now replaced. However the moment she was turned over to the authorities that ran this new experimental prison, her treatment was cruel, and she was treated like an animal good only for their tests that were nothing more than exercises in sadism. Someone must have had a warped sense of humor to select this prison site only a few miles from the road that bordered Slave Lake. It was located some five miles off that road, a mere spur that had three gates one had to pass to reach the facility. Except for prisoners, their escorts and an occasional delivery of items required for the facility to operate effectively, no one ever visited this place.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Frieda was the fifteenth prisoner to enter this stark, isolated fortress peopled by prisoners, their keepers and the scientific personnel that depended upon the inmates for the data they were constantly taking, evaluating and arguing over among themselves. Her introduction told her all she needed to know about her new surroundings. The moment the mountie took his leave, heading back to what passed for civilization, his former prisoner was hustled off to the infirmary for a thorough body cavity search and physical examination that was rather inclusive, painful and humiliating. To Frieda it was nothing new to her considering the ordeals she had already endured over the past ten years or more. She was approximately thirty-one, and had no remembrance of her birth date or any documentation that proved she was a Canadian citizen. It didn't sink in that if they so wished, Frieda would remain here for the rest of her life working as a test subject for the various experiments that the staff carried out almost continuously.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They made her stand naked with legs wide apart, feet inside the circles on the floor, arms extended to the sides of her body. She was given weights to hold and warned there would be severe consequences if she dropped them or brought her arms down. A heavyset guard spread her cunt lips apart and jammed her fingers into Frieda's cunt and moved them around to search for contraband. Satisfied there was none present she performed the same search of the prisoner's anus. Frieda was caught off guard when another of the people surrounding her jammed a wooden baton up into her cunt and poked it against her cervix, watching Frieda's face for some reaction and smiling when she saw the quick biting of the lips by her charge. She was already planning her first visit to the prisoner's cell, a welcome wagon of sorts in her possession.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Soon Frieda's arms began to tremble from the strain of holding those weights. The two guards ignored her problem and began squeezing her tits to search for something, anything that might justify more intimate contact with the prisoner. One of the weights fell from her grip and she blinked back the tears that were forming in the corners of her eyes. Then one of the guards slammed her baton across Frieda's kidney areas, working back and forth while shouting this was nothing compared to what was in store for her for being disobedient and letting the weight fall to the floor. This tirade distracted the prisoner and she never saw the knee that came up into her crotch and actually lifted her body from the floor. Frieda vomited all over herself as she writhed in agony on the cold floor. Now both guards were taking turns kicking her body as she rolled from one side to the other in a determined effort to protect her bare body from the vicious kicks they were delivering. Finally one kick caught her on the side of the head and she went out like a light.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When she awoke Frieda discovered she was in a small room with walls made from metal, no visible entrance and one light high up on the roof of her cage. She was lying on a concrete floor that was ice cold and her breath produced condensation. She was still naked and there were many spots on her body that hurt. She worried that perhaps one or more of her ribs might be cracked or broken because every time she inhaled she felt a lancing pain in her side. She had no idea how long she'd been unconscious, and began immediately to worry about what new punishment had already been decreed for her. She discovered that there was a metal bucket that was obviously her toilet. The room now felt like an icebox and she shivered and tried to create some warmth by turning her body into a ball, but the pain from her injuries would not allow it. How long would she be held in this small, isolated cell, so small she was unable to take more than a few steps in any direction? Sleep was impossible thanks to her injuries, the bitter cold that was already sinking into her bones and the way her mind was working. To keep her composure from totally crumbling she argued that her captors had no plans to kill her at this time. They also were probably not going to seriously harm her this early in her sentence. Armed with these facts, she decided to wait them out and stop tormenting herself about what they planned for her next.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They won that struggle. First the overhead light would turn off for a time then back on for a time, never any pattern to it. Worse still the room had an inlet in the ceiling that pumped cold air into her cell when she least expected it. On occasion the temperature in the icebox would get to below freezing,&nbsp; just long enough for her to panic and begin pounding mindlessly against the walls. This game was too one-sided for Frieda to possibly win or even draw. She lost track of time and her injuries continued to bother her. Sleep came in periods of minutes and infrequently. Frieda didn't realize just how dehydrated she was getting. She no longer used the bucket since she had no need of it. Finally she fell into a comatose state that indicated her body was on the verge of giving up the struggle, exactly what her captors were seeking. They now had a data point on their newest experimental subject, and from then on there would be many more over the twenty years that followed.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;An exhausted and frightened Frieda was returned to the processing area and made to pay for the delay in finishing her physical and other matters. Despite her stay in solitary and nothing of significance found in the waste from her bucket, Frieda was treated as if she were a suspected smuggler. Not only was she naked, they cuffed her hands behind her back and hobbled her as well.&nbsp; She endured an enema and douche that made her feel as if the lining of those sensitive regions had been burned away. Not satisfied with one, her captors gave her two of each. The weak and shaky prisoner was then given a barium enema that she was made to hold for over an hour before being X-rayed. She passed that test much to the irritation of the technicians who had hoped for something that might allow them to do some other invasive tests that always left the prisoner in a state of total terror for fear that they might be done to her again.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Frieda did not realize how damaging a mammogram could be, having never experienced one. The person operating the machine grinned as the prisoner's left breast was placed on the crosshatched metal plate. She decided that Frieda's full, rounded tit had a considerable amount of fat content and thus needed more pressure to flatten it so that the x-rays could penetrate fully. This ruse never failed and so it was with Frieda. 

A larger piston was substituted for the normal one and soon it was squashing her tit flat as she screamed in agony and terror. The x-ray machine was turned on and the dial set at maximum. Frieda's breasts each took the equivalent of a dozen normal mammograms that afternoon without her realizing it. It was only later when her sore tits began to blister from the high dosage of x-rays that Frieda became frightened and sought medical help, which was denied by the guards. Fortunately even though the top layer of skin eventually peeled from her tits, it was replaced with new skin.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The pelvic examination that followed was an exercise in sadism. She knew there would be trouble by the way they strapped her body to the table. Her legs were opened to their limit and she was tilted so her anus was also easily available. Soon the first piece of cold metal was thrust into her cunt without the benefit of any lubricant. It was a speculum designed to open her vagina so it could be examined for any abnormalities. In fact it was done to humiliate and torture her. She was helpless to prevent the "doctor" from opening the tool well beyond what would be needed. Although she had never given birth, Frieda got a small taste of what that process must entail. The woman then used a swab to obtain some samples for analysis. She was both clumsy and cruel, leaving Frieda's insides throbbing with pain. As bad and invasive as that was, it paled in comparison to what took place when her anus was examined.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Entering her anal passageway caused Frieda to bleed, but not enough to dissuade the examiner from moving further into her rectum. It was tough going and so she used the screws to open the speculum further, leading to a greater discharge of blood from the prisoner's anus. She had Frieda gagged to muffle the screams that had begun to irritate the "doctor", if that was what she was. The pain was causing Frieda to mindlessly struggle to escape her bonds. That acted to annoy the one examining her even more and to retaliate she opened the speculum even further now causing thin tears to the region from her sphincter muscle inward to the rectum. She was in agony and things got even worse as the woman decided to take some samples along the entire segment from rectum to colon. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Frieda passed out about midway into this fiendish torture, driven by a combination of fear and pain. When she recovered, her anus was still distended by the metal tool and now that she was awake her tormentor added some new pain to the mix. She swabbed the prisoner's anal canal from rectum to colon using an astringent that stopped the bleeding but made any area touched by it feel as if it had caught fire. Frieda lasted for a few minutes before once more escaping into darkness. When they revived her, someone commented that she'd be ready for testing within a few days.&nbsp; She and her team were looking forward to stressing the new prisoner to her limits and perhaps beyond if she gave them more trouble. It was a frightened and confused prisoner who was returned to the metal room that would prove to be her permanent housing except when she was to visit the laboratory for testing or the guards' recreation area for fun and games.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When she returned, everything was as it had been except her waste bucket had been emptied. She also finally figured out that there was a door built almost seamlessly into one of the walls. A feeding port was located at the base of the door and once a day she was given some type of solid food and water, or some other liquid, usually containing some type of drug to prepare her for whatever experiment in which she was to be involved. In her entire time at the prison she never saw another prisoner, although there were often references made to others in her presence. Frieda had just settled down as much as she could, being stark naked under a light that never seemed to go dark. Without warning the door to her room swung open and two grinning guards ordered her to her feet and handcuffed and hobbled their prisoner before pushing her out of the room or cell as they described it. She was unprepared for the groping she received and the tongue that pushed past her lips and began swabbing the inside of her mouth. For a brief moment she stiffened and resisted this assault on her person. That proved to be a big mistake as she quickly discovered. One of the guards jammed her baton into Frieda's belly, making her retch and turning her legs to jelly. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Any attempt on your part to resist in anyway anything done to you by a guard is strictly forbidden. You will pay for your current offense just as soon as we get you to where the rest of our group is waiting. This is to be your introduction to our version of prison society, only you won't be a debutant, but the lowest class in the facility, a prisoner who is a test subject with no identity. If you are wise you will allow us, your guards, to protect you from yourself for a price measured in our prison exchange currency. Resist and you may not wake up one morning and your body will be disposed in a way that will totally eliminate any evidence that you ever existed."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Frieda blanched at that last remark. Until now her death had not been an issue, even when the Eskimo women did their worst to her. She nearly tripped and fell when she had to turn a corner. Again she took a jab from a baton, but with much less rancor. They walked down a long corridor and she shivered from the coolness, which made her escorts laugh. Another turn and a few more steps took them to another door that opened for them after one of her escorts struck it with her baton. This room was much larger, warmer and contained some furniture including a large bed with a mattress that apparently had plenty of usage in the past. Frieda would become very familiar with this piece of furniture as well as the table with straps that stood in the corner. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;However her attention was now directed to the four women standing around in various stages of undress. They ranged in age from perhaps early thirties to late forties with in most cases, lean bodies. Everyone's hair was cut short for reasons she would learn about later. One was as naked as she, with a pubic mound devoid of hair and a set of pert tits. The others seemed to give her some respect, which was put away for future reference by Frieda. Another woman, in her forties, wore only a bra and had a potbelly that hung over her hairy cunt mouth. She stared at Frieda like a hungry animal looking at its next meal. The other two, who looked almost as if they were sisters, wore panties and nothing else. They had good-sized tits with surprisingly little sag to them. Later Frieda would learn from some idle conversation that their tits were a reward from those who ran this facility. In the time it took to absorb everything that she saw, her escorts had removed most of their clothing as well. The naked guard smiled coldly and spoke.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"We are the best friends you have in this facility. Treat us well and you will survive your sentence, not that there won't be much pain and suffering on your part once the medical people get their hands on you. You are fresh meat and we all will be interested in seeing just how valuable you will be for each of the groups. We have little to do except spar for position here. The rest of the prisoners are not your concern. They don't know about you and vice versa. If you give us any trouble, at first you will be punished severely. If you continue to make trouble you will become a brain-dead subject for some of the more esoteric activities managed by the medical group. When they no longer have any use for your services you will be terminated and disappear from the face of the earth. Remember what I have said, and now on your knees and start getting me all hot and bothered with that tongue of yours."





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued - jethro jodhpur)











 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Institute of Advanced Sexuality - Chapter 10





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While the naked guard with the set of pert tits seated herself on the large bed and awaited Frieda's approach, her two escorts began to undress. The thought of having to sexually satisfy all six women made Frieda shudder for a moment. Then he took a deep breath and carefully knelt down beside the bed and stared up into the wide-spread, hairless crotch of her first partner. She must have reacted too slowly since the woman landed a hard slap to the side of her head causing her ear to ring. She wasted no time busying herself with the meal set before her. The prisoner leaned forward and extended her tongue, not knowing whether to lick the guard's shaved pudendum or insert it into her cunt. She chose the latter and was rewarded with a chuckle from the guard, who reached down and grabbed her ears and yanked them painfully while she spoke. The way her ears were yanked indicated that more tongue was required. She moved it deeper and tasted the coppery blood indicating that this guard was in her period. For a brief moment this brought back memories of the numerous times this was required by a member of the native tribe that used her services as part of the bartering that went on between her owner and the tribal elder.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;If she thought all was well, Frieda was in for an unpleasant surprise. Even as she sucked the blood and mucous from the guard's cunt, another pair of strong hands had taken control of her bottom. She heard a low laugh and the observation that from the collection of old welts, burns and cuts, this prisoner must have been troublesome for her owners long before her arrival at this last stop for those unable to conform to the rules. Even as she spoke there was pressure being brought to bear on her prisoner's sphincter. More laughter signaled that her well used anus had been unmasked. Frieda grunted from the entry of whatever the guard was using to sodomize her. She had made too much of what was happening to her bottom and paid a price, a large price at that. Her ear drums seemed to explode at about the same time that the big weapon plunged deep into her bowel. Frieda was caught in the cross fire, her ears ringing and the pain from what suddenly felt like a forest being set aflame inside her anus.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hour after hour the six guards did terrible things to her body, much of it leaving very little evidence connecting them to what had transpired. Frieda's tongue grew numb from the demands of her superiors as she tirelessly probed the most intimate portions of each guard's bare body. Much of what she was forced to do had already been done previously in her other life, and caused little additional damage to her psyche. Some of the guards expressed irritation that she didn't seem to be giving signs that she was suffering as much as they expected. This in turn drove them to resort to more forceful approaches for demeaning their prisoner. While they discussed what would make her react more strongly, Frieda's mouth was glued to the pussy of the heavyset guard who was making her drink the contents of her bladder and hoping that she might spill a few drops. That would give her cause to punish this murderer for her misbehavior when it came to satisfying the needs of the guard. She had already tried a few tricks like stopping and starting the flow of piss, but the newest member of the&nbsp; prison population was too clever for that maneuver. Frustrated she tried boxing Frieda's ears and at long last a few drops dribbled down her chin. She glanced over to the wooden table and chair and smiled evilly; now the real fun would begin. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It happened quickly; before she knew it, Frieda was on the floor and being dragged by her hair across the floor. The guards made sure that her big tits, thighs and knees made plenty of painful contact with that gray sea of concrete. There were areas of bleeding flesh, but nothing that would require any attention from what passed for the prison's doctor and her nurse assistant. They yanked their victim to her feet and threatened her with extra punishment they often used on recalcitrant inmates if she caused them trouble. Standing was a challenge as her ankles were still hobbled and the punishment she had endured already left her in a befuddled state. Things were to get worse, a whole lot worse before she was taken from this place and back to her cell.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Frieda gasped when she saw the large dildo screwed into the wooden chair's seat. It was a monster and unlike most of the ones she had experienced, this had studs running its length in a pattern that circled the tool a number of times. She stared at the bulbous head made of some shiny material, wondering how much pain it would incur as it split open her anus. Any hopes for some mercy dissolved quickly.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"No lube for this one; let's hear her scream when the big man tears her asshole to shreds."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Frieda began to tremble at the prospect of such terrible pain. Little did she realize that this was only a small fraction of what she would endure as she writhed and begged for relief from the fiendish capabilities of this wooden chair. When one of the guards knelt down and unlocked the irons that were hobbling her, she knew she was in the very deepest of trouble. Two guards took command of the prisoner and moved her toward the chair and the monster dildo awaiting its occupant. When they tried to make Frieda take a seat, she made the error of resisting them. A baton was jabbed cruelly into her belly just above the cunt, taking the wind from her lungs. A second baton was slammed across her tits, bringing a gasp from the victim. She was too confused and in such pain that they had little difficulty in forcing her to sit down on the dildo and begin the agonizing process of absorbing the monsterous metal head of the tool into her lower bowel.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was apparent that Frieda's sphincter would rupture long before the head of the dildo penetrated past the strong muscle guarding her lower intestine. Some "hot sauce", a recipe developed by one of the guards many years ago, was liberally smeared over the metal head and the process of making their victim's asshole swallow the mighty shaft began in earnest. Frieda became frantic as the burning grease began to eat away at the tender membrane just past her sphincter. Worse yet, the head of the dildo was now slowly entering the anus of their prisoner and the hot sauce effect became even more agonizing. Frieda began screaming her head off, making so much noise that they had to gag her. Tears poured down her cheeks and her entire body quaked and quivered as her lower intestine was breached inch by slow agonizing inch.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Twice she passed out and both times she was quickly revived and additional pain and suffering was added to her misery. Lit cigarettes were used to burn the undersides of her tits and the webbing between her toes. At least that took her mind away from the terrible pain being generated by the invading metal head of the plastic dildo. Her assailants grew weary of the slow process being made by the dildo and they accelerated it. A pair of guards simultaneously pushed down on the prisoner's shoulders, forcing the dildo to go further into her straining bowel. Once more she escaped into darkness, but soon was aroused to face more pain for her inability to remain conscious during the period it took to insert almost nine inches of the fat tool into her lower intestine. This new punishment involved pushing thin wedges of metal beneath the nails of her big toes, an agonizing process that made her eyes bulge from their sockets. Enough of the wedges protruded from her toenails so that pliers could get a firm grip on them.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The guards drew lots to see who would get the first attempt at each toenail. There would only be one chance, no matter the consequence. Some of the women had experience in this sickening game, but that was no guarantee that they would win this sadistic event. As luck would have it, the two winners were relatively new guards and likely not be able to pull off Frieda's toenail in one yank of the pliers. Two more guards were chosen to act as holders to make sure that the prisoner wouldn't be able to move her foot or leg to thwart any attempt. The first guard did not hold her pliers properly and they didn't hold long enough for the nail to be removed. The nail was cracked and somewhat loosened, but still relatively intact. This result was greeted with laughter mixed with insults about her failure. The angry look on her face and the way she looked daggers at the helpless victim made Frieda tremble. She inherently knew that this one had just become her enemy and would spend plenty of time devising suitable pain and punishment for her prey.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The second contestant also had difficulty, although she delivered plenty of pain to the victim by her efforts. Like the first guard she managed to loosen the toenail on Frieda's other foot, but that was the extent of her success. Now it was the leader of the group that took her turn. She smiled at her prey, clamped the pliers down upon the protruding metal wedge, and made sure it was tight before trying to rip off the toenail, the under area of the loosened digit already bleeding from the initial crude attempt to remove it. Her eyes locked with her victim and with a quick turn of her wrist tore the nail from its mooring. The image of the bloody toenail held tightly in the grip of the pliers didn't register for a fraction of a second, and then a tidal wave of excruciating pain rushed to her brain. Frieda's eyes went wide and then shut as the pain sped from the severely damaged toe to the seat of her intelligence, leaving behind a trail of angry burning flesh still transmitting the terrible message along the route the bolt of agony had taken. She could hear the cheering and comments from the guards, as well as the urgings from them to get on with removing the other toenail.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Frieda's face was slapped over and over to make certain that she was conscious and capable of reacting when her other toenail was finally removed. The heavyset woman had been chosen to finish this round of torment. Just before she took her stance, the woman warned Frieda that in the event that she struggled and caused any trouble while she did her work, she'd make sure to visit her later and do some things to her body that even the doctors couldn't locate unless they knew of its existence. All the victim could do was steel herself for whatever was to follow and pray that it went quickly. Unfortunately that would not be the case.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The guard took the pliers and instead of grasping the wedge she stabbed the head of the pliers down onto the moon of the partially removed toenail causing blood to spurt from the already swollen digit. The pain was so unexpected that Frieda nearly swallowed her tongue as she reacted to the blinding pulse of agony radiating from where the pliers had cracked the nail. Those holding the prisoner's leg and foot released her immediately for fear of having those pliers do harm to them as well. The woman made the most of the brief time before she would be reprimanded by her superior. She seized the metal wedge, levered it up and down twice with the pliers before the nail broke into two parts from end to end. Frieda's eyes rolled back into her head as she fainted dead away from the terrible pain those pliers had generated.





&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ( To be continued - rolf palsy )



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jethro Jodhpur


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





