BDSM Library - In The Now




In The Now
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A slave girl on an alien world contemplates her life as she serves her master intimately.In The Now  
-------------------------  
It is quiet as she waits for her master.  
She is on her side on the low bed, unmoving save to breathe, long, slender
  legs just bent at the knees, her eyes narrow, almost closed. The air, warm
  against her bare skin, seems rich with the scent of her perfume, and she blushes,
  not knowing why.  
She waits. Now. Do you know this word? What is "now", to a slave girl, to
  a Taiyiha?  
We must consider this, just as she does.  
For Jacqueline it is the moment, this moment. All her life seems this moment,
  and the next and the next, one after another after another, unending. She is
  forever in the now, in the present. There is still a sense of time in her,
  an ability to distinguish yesterday from today from tomorrow, but these things,
  all of them, are still the present, the ongoing passage of time that is her
  life.  
Here, on Vandhaqa, this world that sometimes seems more a dream than reality.
  To serve those who own her. To be pleasing.  
Another moment passes.  
Jacqueline still does not move, there nearly naked on the soft, satin sheets
  of the bed. She hopes to extend this moment, perhaps to stop, if only for a
  bit, the motion of time, to preserve this present, comfortable and alone.  
But she knows that soon it will end, her reverie.  
Move, Taiyiha. Serve. Obey.  
Long experience has taught her not to think about this while she waits. What
  will happen will happen, when the Usahar comes for her. She is a slave to it,
  to all Usahar, and this reality at least cannot be denied. But as she lies
  there, Jacqueline thinks of the past. Not yesterday, but before that, long
  before. The real past.  
Let us remember with her.  
There was that time, so much of which she can still recall. A time before
  all this, before she was brought here as a slave, before she was made Taiyiha.
  She recalls this time, the years of it, passing, growing, becoming. She remembers
  her life then, in those days and weeks and years, family and school and then
  college, life spent in things and with people who seem so distant now.  
To Jacqueline.  
Distant, far away, fading. It's hard to remember their faces, the sounds
  of their voices, the touch of a man's hand on hers. Hard to remember how it
  felt, to be...  
To be.  
Free?  
Not to be what she is now.  
Jacqueline still, yes; that is her name, she who lies silently. That is the
  name they use, the Usahar and the Adhal, the appellation by which they call
  her. Despite it all they have not renamed her.  
But am I Jacqueline? she wonders. Am I?  
She knows the answer. As the present goes forward she will still know it.  
Yes, Jacqueline. You are. But not just Jacqueline, not anymore.  
Her masters have seen to that.  
Taiyiha. I am Taiyiha.  
She moves a bit, unable to help herself. She feels the tightness between
  her buttocks, the lace there, drawn tight, pulled intimately against her. This
  sensation is both familiar and not, the tiny frills, the ruffles of her thong
  panties. Pretty. She knows pretty, knows pretty things, and her masters know
  them too. They have made her so, with perfume and makeup and hairstyles and
  the sheer, tiny things she wears. The Usahar like her to be pretty when they
  take her, and there has always been that part of her that likes it too, that
  enjoys the process of becoming pretty, of becoming beautiful, despite it all.  
Or perhaps because of it. This is unclear. All the times Jacqueline has thought
  about it, pondered it, tried to make sense of it, of what they have changed
  and done to her and made her, all the truths that are Taiyiha, even after all
  these times she still isn't sure.  
None of the other girls are either; they never have been.  
The words to the lament come to Jacqueline now, and she whispers them softly.  
I want to know,   
but cannot.   
I want to understand,   
but do not.   
Why I ache for you, Usahar.   
Why I burn with need.   
But you do not tell me,   
and will not.   
Instead I am simply yours.   
The now has moved forward. Jacqueline stirs a bit. They make her wait, sometimes,
  the present stretching on and on. But it will have an end, you know. It always
  does.  
They will not wait forever.  
She turns again, the soft, satin sheets beneath her rustling with the motion.
  The tiny panties, lace and frills, the sheer, tiny bra, these are tight against
  her body. Save for her thin collar and bracelets and anklets they are all Jacqueline
  wears, all she has been given. The bits of lingerie will be enough, enough
  to be pulled away for the Usahar's pleasure.  
Soon.  
What is the future, Taiyiha? There is a past, for you, for the others. A
  past even for the Adhal, who rule here; you learned their epics as they remade
  you. You can remember the past, weep for it, for its loss. Because it is not
  the present, the now; the now is more recent time, time like this moment, but
  all this time seems the same. You are bound; you are Taiyiha. You serve, and
  you are pleasing. That is what they made you, in the now, in the first days
  here. There is the past, and then the present that stretches back for years.  
Look.  
The door opens.  
Jacqueline raises her head, eyes open, her lips just parted, red, glistening,
  her teeth white and small beneath them, her long, dark hair falling in a soft
  tumble around her shoulders. Her breath quickens and she draws it in, as her
  thighs, quite without thought or intention, rub gently together.  
The Usahar sees this. They miss little, the Usahar. Jacqueline watches it
  as she feels its gaze roam over her. How like a man it appears, broad in its
  shoulders, bare chest sculpted, bare legs muscled. Beneath the kilt it wears
  there is little doubt as to the form of its hips, its buttocks. So much like
  a man and more, perfect, designed to be so, unyielding. She is suddenly aware,
  Jacqueline is, of herself, there before it as it speaks.  
"Greetings, Jacqueline."  
She says nothing. The Usahar moves closer, still watching. Its words are
  ritual now.  
"Are you pleasing, Taiyiha?"  
She answers as she has been taught, in the now, in the present that never
  ends.  
"Yes, if it is your pleasure."  
The Usahar smiles. It is power, control. Where it leads, in what it makes
  her do and feel, she will follow. Jacqueline knows this, and she feels the
  response of her body as the Usahar speaks again.  
"It is."  
The Usahar moves to the bed. It needs no command now, as Jacqueline reaches
  out and releases its kilt. Her hand trembles as she sees its phallus, growing
  hard, erect, perfect. The Usahar lays beside her and leans in for a kiss, its
  breath warm, lips as well. She cries out softly as its hand finds her breast,
  caressing through the sheer material of her bra and then pulling the cup away,
  revealing her, moving its lips and tongue to her hardening nipple.  
A moan, soft, tender, urgent. She wants to beg, wants not to, wants to surrender
  but tries to resist. There will be no resisting in the end, of course. She
  is Taiyiha, slave. She, like the others, learned this early, learned it slowly
  and steadily as she was remade and trained, learned it the first time she was
  taken.  
Just as she will be now. That first time, burned into her memory with what
  she did, with her cries and the feeling of that first Usahar, there in the
  high tower in the shining city of Iyakk, the shameful joy as it took her and
  as she came, helpless to it, that time is no different than this. It is the
  present as much as it is the past, because it is her life.  
To serve, to please. To submit.  
"You are lovely, Taiyiha," the Usahar whispers, its hand caressing down her
  flank. With a cry she arches her hips up to it, her heartbeat rapid, her need
  sudden and urgent. The Usahar teases at the tiny panties, pulling them a bit,
  letting them draw tightly against the lips of her sex, now moist. And then
  its fingers draw the thin material aside and touch directly at her, intimately,
  pressing against her, her entire body suddenly quivering at the sensations
  it brings. Its lips have met hers again, stifling any protest, and slowly it
  masturbates her, teasing, bringing her close, letting her shiver with desire,
  with pleasure not complete.  
This too is now. This too is Taiyiha. There is no denying it, no helping
  it. Even as she whimpers Jacqueline knows this, cannot help but know it.  
The Usahar knows it too, as its hand and fingers work gently between her
  thighs.  
She cries out, helpless.  
And in time, in delicious, endless time, Jacqueline feels the Usahar push
  her to her back against the soft, satin sheets. Its hands grip the waistband
  of her panties and pull them down her long legs, the material rolling as it
  moves, and as they come free of her she parts her thighs, shivering as its
  hand traces back up her leg, settling once more against the wet folds of her
  sex. She moans, looking up at it, and it speaks again.  
"Are you a hot Taiyiha, Jacqueline?"  
"Yes..." she manages. "Please, yes..."  
One leg crosses hers, pinning it. She can feel the Usahar's cock against
  her thigh, long and hard. She aches for it, squirms where she is held. The
  fingers against her are agony and joy, the sheets beneath her buttocks wet
  from her arousal.  
"Do you beg?" it asks.  
She draws in a breath, warm and ragged. And her hands are at its shoulders,
  pulling weakly and helplessly against it, trying to bring it close.  
"Yes," she moans. "Please... take me... use me..."  
It moves. Yes. Its other leg over hers, her thighs now parting widely, her
  hips rising, begging, welcoming.  
I am Taiyiha. I am yours.  
The length of its cock rests against her mons, and her hands grip tightly
  at its shoulders. In a practiced motion it moves, hips back, phallus sliding
  down, then touching at her, the wide crown just pressing. Her moans are feral
  as slowly the Usahar enters her, as she feels its full length fill her deeply,
  her body tight and wet around it.  
Take me. Please.  
Slowly the Usahar does. In, then back, gentle at first but soon harder, using
  her, riding her. And helpless, Jacqueline can only feel, can only be, for this
  is to be Taiyiha, to be so taken. There is only the now, the here, this bed,
  this room, this submission. There was, so long ago, a Jacqueline who was free.
  But it is easy to forget her as suddenly the first orgasm comes, ripping through
  her and bringing forth a loud cry, to be followed by another and a third, even
  as she feels the Usahar explode within her, knowing that it needs no rest,
  for it is not a man, and that it will take her as it desires.  
Yes. Jacqueline gasps, cries out, holding the Usahar close, pleading for
  it never to end.  
Lost in the pleasure it brings.  
#  
In time, exhausted, she lies cuddled beside the Usahar, caressing its broad
  chest, naked and warm in her glow. Its arm is around her as it lets her rest.
  And the third thing comes to her as she lays there: tomorrow will be now, another
  day like today. She will serve and be pleasing. But she wonders, too, Jacqueline
  does, if perhaps a time will come that is not now, that is as distinct from
  it as the nearly forgotten past.  
A future?  
Maybe. She remembers the final stanza to the Hymn to the Lost Moon  ,
  the holy words of it. These speak of the future, do they not? But perhaps they
  are only words, spoken with empty hope by Taiyiha who long for home; this Jacqueline
  does not know.  
A second passes, and another, in the warm embrace of the Usahar. To be free;
  that is the only future she can conceive, impossible as it is to imagine. To
  be a slave will always be in the present, in the now. And so as she moans,
  her body warm and alive and wet with her lust and her need, Jacqueline thinks
  of the future, of that imagined place of that last, holy stanza, and she knows
  that she must hold to it, must never let it go. There must always be a future,
  just as there was a past.  
Always.  
But not today.  
Beside her, the Usahar has stirred, its hand moving to her bare bottom, caressing
  there, its finger pressing between the two rounded globes of her buttocks,
  teasing at sensitive flesh. Jacqueline moans, her body reacting even as the
  Usahar takes her hair in its hand and guides her head down so that she may
  pleasure it with her lips and tongue. The future will come, or not. But for
  now, there is only the present and the intimate service she has been commanded
  to provide. It is to this that she turns her attention.  
?2004 by Karen Anne Mitchell  
All rights reserved  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Karen Anne Mitchell


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





