BDSM Library - One Week In October




One Week In October
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A very ordinary thirty something goes completely off the rails when her husband goes away on a weeks golfing holiday. She is driven to seek extreme experiences and very soon no longer recognises the woman she has become........... something here for everyone.A Week in October   
Part I Bloody Golf   
At thirty four I reckon I have weathered not too badly,
  at 5ft 6inches my 34-26-35 figure is fairly well proportioned, wavy auburn
  hair drapes over my shoulders and I am told I am "quite pretty" by those who
  would offer an opinion. OK I may not make page three anymore but my husband
  Andy reckons I am his dream girl. Married for five years, Andy and I had been
  an item for three years before that &ndash; eight wonderful years in all. Apart
  from the fact that we are deeply in love I suppose the only other thing you
  need to know is about our sex life. Neither of us has ever been very experimental
  or kinky, that's not to say I haven't been wholly satisfied with what we have,
  missionary position with the lights out was usually fine. Occasionally we would
  dress up but it would always end the same way.  
I was awakened this particular Sunday morning by the familiar
  sound of the bells of St Tomas's summoning all the sinners to come and repent.
  As I glanced out of the apartment window at a bright and blustery October morning
  next to me I could here the Andy's slow rhythmic breathing.. Rolling slowly
  out of bed I smiled as I became aware of the dull post coital ache in my pussy,
  my nipples, still tender, instantly sprang to life. Passing the full length
  mirror on the wardrobe door I stopped dead in my tracks as my reflection showed
  me wearing my black leather basque and stockings. I looked down for confirmation
  that my eyes were not deceiving me and a myriad of misty sexual images careered
  through my brain which I knew to be part of recurring erotic dream I had having.
  Looking back in the mirror I was stunned to catch Andy's reflection; he was
  lying on top of the duvet and still fully clothed.  
For a moment I simply stared at the scene before me and
  tried to make some sense of what had transpired. Gradually I dragged some images
  back from the evening before &ndash; I had had too much to drink and Andy and
  I must have got involved in dressing up games as we did occasionally. This
  would be why I had had my recurring erotic dream about being gangbanged.. Of
  course I would never consider actually going ahead with such a thing - it was
  strictly fantasy.  
I moved quietly out into the hallway and made my way to
  the kitchen for some coffee. After filling the coffee machine I wandered into
  the lounge and was again frozen in my tracks. There on the floor were Andy's
  four mates &ndash; all lying in a row apparently naked under a duvet. All were
  asleep and clothes appeared to be scattered all around the lounge. Dave who
  was at the end of the row was only partially covered and was at that point
  sporting a partial erection. Suddenly like a hammer blow to the forehead everything
  fell into place and the previous evenings events crystallised in my minds eye.
  Images played out on a silver screen somewhere in the back of my head &ndash; images
  of me and these four guys fucking &ndash; MY GOD &ndash; this time my dream
  hadn't been a dream. I had to think &ndash; I had to get out of here and think
  this through. I grabbed my overcoat and slipped on a pair of shoes in the hallway,
  collected my handbag from the kitchen and left through the front door.  
Outside the skies were clear and the sun shone but the autumnal
  wind was gusty and chilling. As I slowly walked towards the local caf&eacute; I
  tried to put the previous days events into chronological order. Andy and four
  of his mates from work were leaving today for a five day golfing holiday in
  Portugal, in their wisdom they had decided that since we stayed closest to
  the airport everyone would meet here on the Saturday and stay over ready to
  leave for the airport at 2pm on the Sunday. Everything had gone according to
  plan and after everyone double checked for tickets, passports and travellers
  cheques and five sets of golf clubs and five cases had been stacked in our
  hallway we all decided an Indian carry out was in order. Naturally the cases
  of beer were the next thought on their minds and this was duelly supplied.
  As the evening wore on it became obvious that the boys had already started
  their holiday and the alcohol was consumed at an ever increasing pace, pretty
  soon all of us were close to being smashed and the conversation inevitably
  turned to sex.  
Dave, Paul and Don were all in their thirties and married
  but Shaun was an eighteen year old apprentice and very single. According to
  Andy, Shaun was yet to break his duck and the lads hoped to see to that in
  Portugal. Soon the guys were all discussing their various sexual preferences
  and offering Shaun all sorts of advice on technique and what to expect. At
  this point Andy confessed to our occasional dressing up sessions and outlined
  a typical evening whereby he would choose a set of sexy underwear which was
  all I was allowed to wear for the whole evening unless we were going out in
  which case I was also allowed an overcoat. I did enjoy going out in public
  like that , I guess it satisfied the exhibitionist in me knowing that at any
  point someone may catch a glimpse of my almost naked body under my overcoat.
  Don then confessed to not ever having bought his wife anything like that and
  suggested the he may buy a special Christmas present this year. Dave asked
  if they could have a look at the type of thing we preferred and perhaps give
  him some advice on what and what not to buy, Andy readily agreed &ndash; quick
  to show off his good taste and man of the nineties attitude. Reluctantly I
  was sent through to the bedroom to gather together a couple of outfits for
  there viewing. I returned with a few basques , suspender belts , stockings
  and thongs and laid them on the coffee table. Each of them, apart from Shaun,
  picked up a garment and examined it closely &ndash; Dave let out a wolf whistle
  and threw a suspender belt at Shaun who looked about as embarrassed as an eighteen
  year old gets.  
More beer was called for but by this time the guys had drank
  all 48 bottles and all we had left was a bottle of gin and a bottle of whisky
  left over from a barbeque earlier in the year. I suggested to Andy that perhaps
  bed was a better option since Andy does not respond well to spirits especially
  after beer and besides it was 1.00am. As usual I was overruled and Andy handed
  the whisky to Dave  
"You playing barman Dave, glasses are in the cupboard next
  to the dishwasher"  
Dave took the bottle and headed for the kitchen, a few minutes
  later he returned to thunderous applause, six drinks, a bucket of ice and the
  remainder of the bottle all neatly arranged on a tray he had managed to dig
  up from god knows where. Fifteen minutes and two large whiskies later Andy
  was comatose on the sofa. Dave and Don carried him through to the bedroom and
  left him on the bed sound asleep. I announced that I was going to join Andy
  and get my beauty sleep when Don piped up that I had not yet fulfilled my promise
  to assist and advise on the choice of his wife's special Christmas present.
  One by one I then lifted each of the garments and described it in full pointing
  out the salient points that they should look for. Meanwhile the glasses were
  recharged and the drinking carried on. Some twenty minutes later and quite
  unexpectedly  
Shaun asked " Can I see you wearing one of those outfits"  
 Suddenly the atmosphere was charged and given that the
  suggestion appealed to the exhibitionist in me  
 "Sure " I said quite flippantly, much to the delight of
  the others.  
Shaun grinned inanely as I picked up the outfits and headed
  to the bathroom. At this point my only intention was to give the guys a little
  thrill before I went off to bed, so I chose the sexiest leather basque I had
  , it was a little black number that laced up the back and given it was only
  a half cup it left my nipples exposed and gave me a huge cleavage. I pulled
  on some stockings and clipped them into the suspender tags - wriggled into
  a tiny thong and set off back to the lounge.  
Walking down the hall I could hear excited chatter emanating
  from the lounge, as I walked in there was a sudden silence, no one spoke for
  what seemed like ten minutes but more likely ten seconds. I struck a mock catwalk
  pose and still no-one spoke &ndash; I was beginning to feel a little uncomfortable.
  I looked at Shaun who appeared to be holding his breath  
"Well &ndash; what do you think" I said  
His eyes wandered up and down my half naked body and finally
  he breathed out and squeaked  
 "Holy Shit!!!!"  
All the guys fell about laughing and the ice was broken
  and I started parading around the room and drinking in the compliments that
  came raining down from the guys. "Nice Ass" "What a body " etc. Finally I sat
  down on the sofa between Shaun and Dave and gave Shaun a kiss on the cheek.  
 "Seen enough" I asked tantalisingly  
I was beginning to really enjoy the effect I was having
  on Shaun and was gradually becoming more and more turned on.  
"Judging by that tent he has I'd say he wanted more " Don
  laughed.  
Looking down at Shaun's crotch I could see enormous bulge
  in his jeans &ndash; I gasped out loud at the shear size . Andy is by no means
  small but this thing could have made two of his.  
"Christ Shaun where the hell did you get that" I said  
Shaun turned a deep shade of red.  
"Come on Shaun get it out and let Stacey have a proper look &ndash; seems
  only fair given that she showed you what you wanted to see " Don chibed  
Shaun started to protest and register his unwillingness
  to participate, none of the guys were too impressed and really started to tease
  and cajole him into complying.  
"OK Shaun here is the deal " I started " You get it out
  and I ditch the thong &ndash; how's that "  
Now the others really put the pressure on and finally Shaun
  agreed. He stood up and unbuttoned the front of his jeans and slowly pulled
  down his zip. I stared at the huge bulge in his boxer shorts which was by now
  no more than six inches from my face. Further encouragement from the guys induced
  him to bend down and slide the boxers down, as he straightened up the biggest
  cock I had ever seen sprang into view.  
"Holy Shit " I croaked  
I was transfixed by ten inches of pulsing throbbing man
  flesh, the head was the size of a small child's fist and massive blue and purple
  veins ran all the way up and down the shaft. A steady dribble of clear fluid
  oozed from its eye and the whole thing bounced gentle back and forth to the
  rhythm of his heart. I could already feel my pussy reacting and my juices starting
  to flow. Moments passed in silence when finally  
"Your turn" said Dave in hoarse thick voice  
Unable to remove my eyes from Shaun's dick, I leaned slightly
  forward in the chair and slipped my now soaking thong over my bum and down
  off my ankles. Dave snatched them from the floor in front of me.  
"Jesus Stacey these are soaking!" Dave yelped " I guess
  you are impressed with Shaun" he laughed.  
Realising that I had indeed removed my thong Shaun's reaction
  was almost instantaneous &ndash; I watched as the damn thing swelled to what
  I reckoned must have been its full capacity. The skin over the head grew very
  tight and shiny and the flow of seminal fluid increased. I sensed Dave stand
  up and move towards us, half expecting to feel his hands somewhere on my body
  I wondered what my reaction would be. To my surprise he walked past me and
  moved behind Shaun, in a flash he had slipped my soaking thong over Shaun's
  head with the sopping crotch over his nose and mouth. Immediately there were
  howls of laughter from the other guys but Shaun made not attempt to remove
  them , still captured by his dick I watched as the first tremors of an imminent
  ejaculation began to strike. His scrotum tightened and the shaft momentarily
  relaxed, the muscles in his young firm stomach rippled and convulsed , as if
  in slow motion I watched the first jet of spunk travel up the shaft and shoot
  out the end of his dick and high over my head, what seemed like seconds later
  I felt it hit me between my shoulder blades and run down inside my basque -
  the room fell deathly silent and everyone watched as Shaun, who remained motionless
  and silent, succumbed to another wave of orgasmic pleasure. The second eruption
  wasn't quite as violent and left a trail of spunk running from the back of
  my head all the way down to my chin, still I was unable to move. The third
  and final load hit me full in the face ran down my forehead and dripped from
  my nose.  
"Holy Shit !!" said Dave  
Shaun's knees finally gave way and he slumped back into
  the sofa next to me &ndash; still unable to move I stared blankly at the far
  wall, I could feel his velvety spunk running down my face in torrents &ndash; my
  pussy had taken a life of its own and was flowing copiously onto the sofa,
  slowly the realisation of what had just happened dawned on me &ndash; here
  was I on the verge of an orgasm, virtually naked and covered in one of Andy's
  mates spunk and being watched by three more of his buddies while he slept in
  our bed. Panic set in and I tried to stand up &ndash; only to find that my
  legs were no longer under my control &ndash; Dave and Don caught me before
  I fell head long onto the floor and gently lowered me onto the coffee table.
  For a few seconds I just lay there staring at the ceiling. With one leg either
  side of the table my naked pussy was now fully exposed and continued to ooze
  juices, I slowly lifted my head to see Dave and Don sitting on the floor at
  my feet and staring into my crotch moments later Paul knelt down beside me
  and whispered in my ear  
"Stacey &ndash; do you want me to get you off" he asked.  
At this point I just wanted to get out of this situation
  and forget it had ever happened but I found myself closing my eyes and nodding
  in agreement. Several seconds past and nothing happened, I could here movement
  in the room but no-one spoke. My desperate need to come was beginning to take
  a grip and my pussy was screaming for relief , I reached down to touch myself
  but my wrist was immediately grasped and my arm set down by my side.  
"Please " I pleaded.  
Moments later a hand on each of my knees gently pushed my
  legs as far apart as would allow with both feet still on the floor &ndash; I
  moaned involuntarily as warm breath flowed over pussy, whoever was down there
  was teasing intolerably , another gentle puff of warmth was aimed directly
  at my clitty my whole pussy convulsed and I could feel the juices running down
  my ass &ndash; I tried to thrust my hips upwards and grind my pussy into his
  mouth &ndash; I was so close to coming I could no longer wait &ndash; I thrust
  into thin air, he had pulled away , images of Shaun's huge dick spurting a
  thick stream of spunk into my face flashed in and out of my head and my need
  to come was becoming overwhelming.  
"Please ! Please! I need to come " I pleaded  
I had no sooner said the words when a tongue was gently
  dragged over my clitty &ndash; my pussy exploded instantly &ndash; I screamed
  as powerful waves of pleasure coursed through my entire body , wave after wave
  hit me &ndash; it seemed like I would never stop &ndash; juices were pouring
  from me as my pussy contracted again and again and again &ndash; I had never
  before come like this , I was convinced I was going to die of shear pleasure.  
"Holy Shit" said Don  
Gradually the orgasm subsided and I was once again able
  to breathe and my screaming died down to a low satisfied moan. As I opened
  my eyes I looked down between my legs to see Paul's face wearing a huge grin  
"I guess I don't have to ask if it was good for you " he
  said  
I glanced over at the sofa where Shaun and Dave were , Shaun's
  enormous dick was still rock hard and throbbing, Dave had unzipped his jeans
  and was busy working his fist up and down his cock &ndash; the look on his
  face was enough to know that he was real close to finishing. Don was similarly
  engage and only Paul still had his dick in his pants. As I surveyed the scene
  that surrounded me I knew this thing was not over by a long shot &ndash; I
  had just had the most amazing orgasm I had ever had and now I wanted more &ndash; much
  more.  
A Week in October   
Part II I'm in charge.    
"OK Boys STOP ! " I ordered  
Everyone looked at me expectantly. I stood up  
"Here is how it is going to be! You guys are going to do
  me until I tell you to stop " I announced , Pointing to Dave and Don I said" So
  you two &ndash; put those dicks down &ndash; you are going to need them hard
  and there will be no waste here &ndash; Now everyone get their kit off! NOW"  
For a moment they all looked at each other as if unsure
  that they had heard what they thought they had heard  
"Holy Shit ! " said Dave "Deal me in !"  
I had no idea where the words had come from or even what
  they meant &ndash; I just knew that they had  come
  out of my mouth. I neither recognised nor was familiar with this woman who
  was about to commit adultery with four of her husbands best friends while her
  husband lay sleeping in the next room. Obviously this woman had taken control
  of the situation and I knew not what her intentions were, ALL  that
  I knew was that I wanted to come again and again and again and&hellip;&hellip;..!  
Soon everyone was undressed and standing in front of me
  sporting a fine cross section of male genitalia. Dons dick was the only one
  uncircumcised and was about 6 inches long but fairly thick. Shauns scrotum
  matched his enormous dick and contained what looked like two boldly tennis
  balls. Dave was longer and leaner than Don and hooked in towards his stomach
  to the extent that it almost touched his navel. Paul was the smallest of the
  four but still had a very usable piece of equipment.  
As if on parade the four of them stood side by side , butt
  naked in the centre of my lounge. I walked up and down the line in inspecting
  the goods on display and I stopped at Paul . As I grasped his shaft in my right
  hand and cupped his balls in my left he moaned softly. I pumped my fist up
  and down his cock five or six times then let go. He was about to protest when
  Dave told him to shut up. I moved down the line to Dave. Dave had been wanking
  furiously earlier and his cock was already leaking profusely, it was obvious
  that he had been in the late stages when I had stopped him &ndash; looking
  at it I reckoned, that as soon as that was in my pussy he would come, so rather
  than be disappointed I grasped the shaft lent down and took the end in my mouth.
  After only three of four strokes a torrent of come poured into my mouth, another
  two strokes and another two dollops of spunk hit the back of my throat. I stood
  up and let go of his cock &ndash; I rolled the come around in my mouth a few
  times then opened my mouth and showed the others before I swallowed the lot.  
"There now maybe we can make some real use of that once
  it gets hard again" I said  
 "It will get hard again wont it ?" I demanded  
"Too fucking right " was the reply  
Next I moved on to Shaun who had already shot a massive
  load all over me , I am not sure if he had ever went soft but he was still
  sporting that huge erection that had so transfixed me earlier. I cupped his
  balls in my left hand as if weighing them and smiled at him as in approval.
  I moved down to Don who was last in line , like Dave he too had been wanking
  earlier and he too was dribbling from the end of his cock. I knelt down and
  took the whole shaft into my mouth and started to swallow, I placed both hands
  on his ass and pulled him towards me feeding his cock down my throat , gradually
  he was all the way in and his pubic bone ground into my nose. I motioned for
  him to fuck my mouth and after only a few strokes he shot a stream of come
  right down my throat and straight into my stomach.  
Seconds later I stood up satisfied with my accomplishments
  and announced that the games should begin. I told Paul to lie on the floor
  face up and promptly sat on his face. I wriggled around as he desperately tried
  to stick his tongue inside me and my sopping pussy soon had his face covered
  in juice, I could already feel the beginnings of another orgasm and ground
  my clitty into his face.  
"Suck my clitty for Christ's sake !" I scorned  
At last he found the mark. His lips made a tight seal around
  the base of my clitty as he sucked hard creating a vacuum in his mouth, his
  tongue darted forward and probed under the hood. As my pussy flowed freely
  into his mouth I knew I was agin close to orgasm he increased the pressure
  on my clit and started flicking it with the very tip of his tongue.  
"Yes Yes Yes YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!"  
Orgasm number two struck with the same vigour as the first,
  the intensity was breath taking &ndash; I felt as if my whole body had just
  melted into Paul's face , a river of juices flowed over his face and ran down
  into his ears &ndash; how he could breath I will never know. I sat there basking
  in the warm after glow as Paul continued to suck on my cunt and drink the juices.
  A few minutes later the spasms subsided and I turned to Dave, who by now was
  hard again ,  
"Fuck my ass!" I demanded  
Still squatting over Paul's face , Dave straddled his chest
  and manoeuvred himself into a position to allow access to my ass. I tilted
  my hips slightly forward and made Paul stick his tongue up my ass to ensure
  there was sufficient lubrication. After a minute or two I thrust my ass in
  the air and told Dave to get on with it. All of this came as somewhat of a
  surprise since I had never even considered let alone ever had anal sex before.
  In one movement Dave thrust the entire head of his cock up my ass, the initial
  pain of my sphincter being forcibly opened was fairly intense but dissipated
  almost instantly. Slowly Dave pushed more and more of his cock in until I could
  feel his balls slap against my pussy. By this time I was on all fours and looked
  down between my legs, Paul had momentarily stopped lapping at my pussy and
  was staring at Dave's cock up my ass. Dave began stroking in and out. I had
  never felt as full as this before &ndash; I could not believe how wonderful
  the feeling was. Pretty soon Dave was fucking at full speed, I looked back
  at Paul who was still staring at my ass.  
"Lick his balls and ass " I said  
Paul did not even look at me, his gaze remained fixed on
  Dave's cock up my ass as he slowly lifted his head and began licking Dave's
  balls. Dave was close to getting off and the additional stimulation spurred
  him into faster strokes. I sensed Dave was almost there and tried to grip his
  cock as hard as I could , on the final stroke Dave pushed his cock as far up
  my ass as it would go and pulled my hips back onto himself then momentarily
  froze &ndash; I could feel his cock swell slightly and the waves of spasm as
  his cock shot great wads of spunk deep in my ass. Dave hailed the arrival of
  his orgasm with a loud roar and a string of "Fuck Me's" , daves cock started
  to go soft and he slowly withdrew and sat down on the sofa. I looked down at
  Paul who was now sucking on my pussy and without looking up said  
"Don do my pussy !"  
Don took up the position just vacated by Dave and immediately
  sunk his cock to the hilt in my soaking pussy. Still looking at Paul I told
  him just to watch until I told him to do otherwise. Don was already fucking
  hard but he wasn't getting to come until I had. As I watched Paul I could feel
  a trickle of spunk flowing out of my ass and as I watched I saw it run down
  and drip off of Don balls and onto Paul's face. Another dollop was about to
  drip but this time he opened his mouth and caught it. He must have suddenly
  became aware that I was watching him and looked up at me.  
"Chew on my clitty " I said " and I mean chew"  
He immediately did as instructed and bit gently on my clitty.
  Don continued fucking with more and more vigour. The beginnings of orgasm three
  were now being registered.  
"Shaun come here!" I instructed  
Shaun stood in front of me , his enormous cock still throbbing.
  I told Paul to come out from under me, I then told Shaun to take his place
  but facing the other way so that I had access to his cock &ndash; he shuffled
  under me and came face to face with Dons cock up my pussy and I could now suck
  on this huge pole. Experience had shown that it did not take much for Shaun
  to come so I took care not to make it too quick &ndash; I wanted that thing
  to explode at just the right moment. Meanwhile Paul stood in front of me with
  his dribbling hardon only inches from my face &ndash; I could tell it would
  not take him long either. My own climax was now well on the way, Don was pounding
  my pussy for all he was worth and Shaun was now chewing my clitty, not quite
  as effectively as Paul had been but sufficient to keep me hurtling to my next
  orgasm. I grasped Paul's cock in one hand and lowered my mouth over Shaun's
  . While sucking on Shaun's cock and bobbing my head up and down I slowly stroked
  Paul's cock which was now leaking a continuous stream of clear fluid.  
Don started moaning and warning of his imminent climax,
  I was almost there , the first tinglings were spreading, starting from my toes
  and running all the way to my head. I started to pump Paul harder and fuck
  Shaun faster with my mouth . Don started yelling as he deposited several loads
  deep in my cunt , I glanced up at Paul who now had a contorted expression on
  his face telling me he was ready. I stared at the end of his cock as I pumped
  the shaft harder and harder, suddenly he tensed and a huge dollop of spunk
  shot out the end of his cock and hit me full on the face , two seconds later
  and I was further rewarded with a second load. Spunk now dripping from my face
  I let go of Paul and gripped the massive shaft on Shaun and started pumping
  as fast as I could , within five seconds this huge beast was spitting glob
  after glob of spunk right into my face , I could hold out no longer on BANG
  !  Orgasm number three struck. Of the three so far this was by far
  the most intense &ndash; I truly felt as if I had died and gone to heaven &ndash; wave
  upon wave upon wave of pleasure flowed over around and through me &ndash; I
  was bathed in an experience no human could endure I never  wanted
  this to end. After what seemed like an eternity I slowly floated back to earth
  and opened my eyes &ndash; I was still on all fours squatting over Shaun who
  was still as hard as the first moment I set eyes on him. Don now sat next to
  Dave on the sofa and Paul lay on the floor next to me. I sat up and pushed
  my spunk filled pussy into Shauns face, his cock twitched and he immediately
  began licking and sucking at my cunt.. I turned to Paul and told him to lick
  my face clean which he did. I Given that Shaun was the only one left with a
  hardon I asked him if he wanted to get off again. He mumbled an affirmative
  so I turned to Paul  
"Get him off" I said  
Paul looked at me then at Don and Dave both of whom shrugged
  there shoulders in "why not" sort of a way. I wasn't at that point sure whether
  or not Shaun was aware of the dilemma Paul was facing but he certainly did
  not object when a hand grasped the shaft of his cock. It was obviously a first
  for Paul who initially treated it as if it were fragile. However he soon got
  accustomed to the feeling of another mans cock in his hand as he started pumping
  harder and harder. Don and Dave looked on curiously.  
"Suck it " I said  
This time Paul did not even hesitate as he lowered his mouth
  over the end of Shaun's cock, I waited until Shaun was almost coming before
  I stood up so he could clearly see who was sucking him, the startled look on
  his face clearly indicated his previous ignorance of the situation &ndash; he
  looked at Paul who was sucking on the end of his cock and wanking the shaft
  with one hand and playing with his balls with the other. He then glanced at
  each of the rest of us in turn looking for , I know not what but as he simply
  closed his eyes and lay back I can only imagine his imminent climax had taken
  preference over any homophobic attitude he may have had. As usual Shaun came
  in buckets and Paul could hardly control the damn thing as it spasmed and spat
  spunk into his mouth, Paul continued to suck for a few more minutes as the
  last few tremors ran through Shaun's body and his cock finally started to soften.  
A Week in October   
Part III Comfort Break    
"Well done boys &ndash; you now have fifteen minutes to
  recover before my next three orgasms"  
I went off down the hall to the bathroom, I sat on the loo
  and had a pee an caught my reflection in the mirror behind the door. There
  were still traces of spunk on my face and in my hair, god damn it if Andy walked
  in right now !. I finished peeing and tore off some paper and as I looked down
  to wipe myself and I could see there was still spunk running out of my pussy
  and ass and running down my legs, I dropped the paper in the loo and touched
  my sopping pussy. My finger slid easily over my clit and inside, I massaged
  my labia and then went back to my clitty &ndash; it was already swollen and
  sensitive, my fingers crept further down and traced around my now used ass.
  Just then the door opened and Don walked in  
"Oh Sorry" he said " Just needed the loo"  
"Go right ahead " I replied.  
I shifted my position on the seat as far back as I could
  and indicated for him to piss between my legs , after a moments hesitation
  he walked over and aim his flaccid dick into the loo.I lowered both hands onto
  my pussy and pulled the lips as far apart as \i could , my clitty was fully
  exposed and throbbing. It took Don a couple of minutes to start peeing but
  when eventually did he knew exactly what I wanted. A steady stream of piss
  hit me directly on the clit, I gasped as the warm liquid ran down my pussy
  and splashed into the loo. The sensation was exquisite. Of course I had done
  this with the bath taps before but there was some thing very depraved about this,  something
  dirty and taboo which only heightened the experience. I could feel another
  orgasm rising. The stream eventually slowed and then stopped  
"Get the others" I said  
"They are just outside &ndash; everyone needed."  
He opened the door and the three of them walked into see
  me furiously rubbing at my clitty and sticking three finger up my pussy.. Don
  quickly told them what was required and Shaun stepped forward first , a powerful
  jet splashed onto my belly and pubic mound before he could take proper aim,
  two or three seconds later my clitty was once more being bombarded by a thousand
  tiny beads of amber. Just as I was about to come the stream died away as quickly
  as it had started, Shaun jumped back and Dave stepped in , he was semi erect
  by now and was having difficulty aiming , eventually he hit the spot and the
  warm liquid ran once again. This time I continued to rub my clitty while he
  peed and within thirty seconds my pussy exploded into another orgasm, by the
  time I had recovered Dave had finished and Paul stood in front of me. He started
  peeing and I held out my hands and caught the stream . After a short while
  I leaned forward and grasped his buttocks and pulled him forward and took his
  dick in my mouth, Jesus I was drinking this guys piss! .  
We all went back to the lounge and poured some more drinks.
  All the guys were now semi erect except Shaun who was hard as a brick again.
  They all wondered, including me, what was coming next. It didn't take long
  to find out.  
"Shaun - lie on the floor"  
"Dave - fuck me in the ass"  
Shaun lay down as instructed and I squatted over his cock,
  I slowly lowered myself down onto his dick as it slid easily inside me when
  I reckoned I would not get much more in I looked down to see there was lees
  than half in. It took another minute or so to allow my insides to stretch and
  accommodate the monster now penetrating me.A couple of minutes later I nodded
  to Dave and he took up a position behind me. My ass ached a little from earlier
  but Dave took it easy and pretty soon his whole cock was fully embedded up
  my ass.. For a few moments we all remained perfectly still as I soaked in the
  wonderful feeling of being completely full of cock. Now on all fours my tits
  hung down over Shaun's chest and my nipples now fully erect dragged through
  the thick matt of course black hair. I could feel both cocks throbbing inside
  me and realised that of course they would be able to feel each other through
  the thin membrane separating them. Eventually I think Dave could stand it no
  longer and began to slowly pull his cock in and out of my ass., orgasm number
  five was on its way. I glanced across at Paul and Don and motioned them to
  join us on the floor. I instructed Paul to lie face up next to Shaun, with
  his crotch level with my face. I then instructed Don to take up the 69 position
  on top of Paul and give each other a blowjob, after only a moments hesitation
  he shrugged his shoulders and complied.. It struck me at this point that judging
  from their various reaction it was likely none of the guys had ever had any
  homosexual experiences before and here they were happily sucking each others
  dicks, I wondered just how far they were prepared to go.  
As Don and Paul greedily sucked on each other, Dave had
  increased the pace at which he was fucking my ass and I looked down at Shaun
  who remained motionless throughout and it was now apparent that he was being
  stimulated by Dons cock rubbing on his. I started to sway back and forward
  in time to Dave fucking and my nipples dragged over Shaun's chest. Once again
  I could feel my pussy lips and clitty swell to their fullest, a sure sign of
  my imminent climax.. The additional stimulation on Shaun's cock was more than
  he could take and his face contorted as he finally lost his virginity and emptied
  his balls deep inside me. The sensation of his huge prick pulsing and quivering
  as he came was sufficient to throw me over the edge and my orgasm exploded
  in my head, my pussy sent juices running down Shaun's groin and balls as my
  ass convulsed around Dave's cock. A few moments later I recovered and could
  feel Shaun's cock had not softened and Dave was now fucking my ass a full speed.
  I told Dave to stop, initially he protested that he was very close to coming,
  however after I insisted and assured him he would get off soon, he complied..
  Feeling exhausted I disengaged myself from Shaun's dick and crawled over to
  Don and Paul. Dons ass hung in the air as his dick was buried in Paul's throat,
  I pushed two fingers in my pussy , scooped up some of Shaun's spunk and inserted
  them into Dons ass. I called over to Dave, who was now holding his dripping
  cock in his hand and contemplating jacking off..  
"Come and fuck this" I smiled.  
Dave walked over as I gently inserted my fingers deeper
  and deeper into Dons ass, as soon as Dave had reached us I removed my fingers
  and Dave pushed the head of his dick against the opening of Dons ass. I told
  Dave to stand still and allow Don to guide the rate of enrty. Slowly Don pushed
  back and gradually the full length of Dave's dick disappeared up Dons ass and
  his hard dick still buried in Paul's throat.. This left only Shaun unoccupied
  so I motioned to him to join us and lifted Dons mouth from Paul's dick and
  told Shaun to get Paul off. He immediately grasped the shaft and lowered his
  mouth over the end. At that I stood up and glanced at the clock, it was now
  6am and I left the lounge headed for bed. I guess everyone was too busy to
  notice I was leaving as no one spoke, from the lounge door I turned and looked
  back at the scene &ndash; four naked men writhing around on my lounge floor
  pleasuring each other. In the bedroom Andy lay exactly where he had been left
  and I slipped into bed and instantly fell asleep.  
A Week in October   
Part IV The Realisation    
So my exploits had not been a dream I thought to myself &ndash; How
  the hell am I ever going explain to Andy! As I walked down Main st towards
  the caf&eacute; I looked in one of the shop fronts to see a quee of people
  in one of those ATM kiosks. Realising I probably had no cash on me I stepped
  towards the door which automatically opened and I entered.  
"Big queue for a Sunday morning " I said to no one in particular.  
An old woman in her Sunday best, obviously heading for church
  told me that the machine was working but it was taking about five or six minutes
  to complete each transaction and that she had already been here for 15mins.
  I checked my purse and sure enough I had no cash &ndash; I was going to have
  to wait, there were three other people besides the old lady, which by my calculations,
  meant another twenty minutes or so. Just then the automatic door whooshed open
  and in walked two mid &ndash; twenties skinhead types each with a huge rotwieller
  by his side. Each was dressed in jeans and white T-shirt with a denim jacket,
  they also had blue and white football scarves tied around their right wrists.
  They joined the queue directly behind me and asked what the problem was. Once
  again the old lady whom had obviously appointed herself spokesman explained
  the situation. The two guys moaned and complained to each other but ultimately
  they needed cash to get into the game so they would just have to wait.  
Directly in front of me was a young girl no more than sixteen
  who looked like she was on her way home from the night before. She was still
  wearing a typical night club outfit of tartan micro skirt that barley covered
  her ass, white hold up stockings the tops of which were clearly visible , high
  heel platform shoes , an almost see through white blouse with no bra and a
  very seventies clear plastic overcoat .  
"A good night" I enquired  
She turned and smiled but the look on her face said "I'm
  glad you asked! I've been dying to tell someone".. I knew I was about to get
  the whole story of her exploits the previous evening. It turns out that she
  had indeed been at a night club on a first date with her new boyfriend who
  was twenty two and I later discovered stayed in the same building as me. She
  had had a wonderful time and had stayed the night at his place and was now
  heading home and just waiting to get some money for a taxi. By this time the
  ATM had managed to complete another transaction and a middle aged hippy type
  who had been at the head of the queue left through the automatic door.. Next
  up was a thirty something mother with two toddlers in tow, the kids were chattering
  incessantly and demanding some newly advertised cereal for breakfast, the two
  were already fighting over whose turn it was for the free gift inside the box.
  My mind drifted back to the previous evening and how the hell I was going to
  handle the next few hours. How was Andy going to react? I could tell him what  but
  not why  it had happened &ndash; it was certainly my body
  but it wasn't me! As I stood there staring into the distance and pondering
  my situation I was interrupted  
"You OK" asked the girl in front.  
I snapped out of my day dream and looked at her, she wasn't
  however looking at my face but rather somewhere further down , I followed her
  gaze and realised that my overcoat was gaping open revealing my almost naked
  body underneath. I was covered in dried spunk and a steady trickle was leaking
  from my pussy and leaving a slimy trail all the way to my ankle. One of the
  rotwiellers behind me was busy lapping at the trail on inside of the left calf
  . The sensation of his rough tongue on my smooth skin was delicious and I really
  did not want him to stop  
"King come here !." the owner said as he jerked on the lead  
"Sorry about that misus" he apologised.  
"No need " I said as I turned and smiled at the two of them.  
"He was just being friendly"  
As I turned towards them my overcoat swung open and I made
  no attempt to adjust it or prevent the two sets of eyes now fixed on my almost
  naked body from soaking in the view. A few seconds passed and I hunched down
  so that my face was level with the two huge dogs and began petting them and
  rubbing behind their ears. King &ndash; the one who had been licking me earlier
  obviously fancied a bit more and thrust his massive head right down into my
  crotch, his rough tongue shot out and dragged up the full length of my pussy
  and flick off the end of my clitty. Jesus I thought &ndash; if he does that
  again I will come all over his face. The owner yelped at King and hauled on
  his lead till the dog was about three feet away, immediately the other dog
  took his place and thrust his tongue right inside my pussy, four inches of
  rough doggy tongue probed at me and started lapping up the juices. I opened
  my knees as wide as possible to allow the dog the best possible access and
  I started to whimper each time the dogs tongue entered me, this time the owner
  made to attempt to pull the beast away.  
The whoosh of the automatic door temporarily brought me
  back to reality , I looked over my should to see the thirty something dragging
  the two kids out into the blustery deserted street, presumably in search of
  the new cereal. I could here the conversation between the girl and the old
  woman die away as the old woman approached the ATM in her turn. Given that
  my back was to the main queue only the two skin heads were aware of the dog's
  activity, I looked up at both of them who grinned back excitedly. What the
  hell was I doing &ndash; here I was squatting in the foyer of a high street
  bank getting head, good head , from a dog &ndash; my god what has happened
  to me.  
The dog seemed now to be focused on lapping at my clitty
  and the more my pussy creamed the faster he lapped &ndash; within a minute
  or so my pussy was delivering a steady steam onto the dogs tongue. My orgasm
  was close and I could feel my self starting to sway, I reached out and grabbed
  a handful of the owners jeans just above his knee in order keep my balance
  and remain upright. He interpreted this a some sort of signal and tried to
  push his denim clad hardon in my face, I ignored it a looked down at the dog
  , I watched his huge machine like tongue repeatedly run the length of my pussy
  and rasp at my clitty, as I stared intently at the spectacle an explosive climax
  hit me, my pussy sprayed the dogs face with pussy juice which dripped off his
  muzzle and onto the marbled floor, I straightened up, closed my eyes and threw
  back my head, I bit hard on my lip desperately trying not to alert the young
  girl and the old woman to my predicament. My orgasm rippled through me again
  and again and the dog continued lapping at me finally I could take no more
  and fell forward between the two dogs onto my hands and knees. At that moment
  I heard the now familiar whoosh of the doors and assumed the old lady had departed
  with her cash, as the door opened the fresh autumnal wind blew in and was sufficiently
  strong to lift the bottom of my overcoat right over my head, my naked ass was
  now exposed and my pussy continued to drip onto the floor where a small puddle
  had now accumulated. I felt too drained to move or let alone adjust my clothing,
  I glanced to my left and was presented with the view between King's hind legs.
  About three inches of pointed pink flesh was now visible from the end of his
  sheath behind which hung two Shaun sized balls. I watched fascinated as his
  prick grew and grew. Meanwhile the other dog was whimpering and tugging at
  his lead, he wasn't happy about losing his toy. He quickly figured he was at
  the wrong end and I became aware of him moving behind me, the feeling of his
  tongue on my pussy once again made jump. I lowered my head in anticipation
  of the lapping starting all over again but was startled to feel his weight
  on my back and his front paws clasped around my waist, he immediately began
  humping back and forth , I could feel his slimy doggy dick banging against
  my thighs and ass. I opened my eyes and looked down through my legs and caught
  site of a huge hardon he was now sporting. Damn ! I wanted that inside me but
  he seemed unable to hit the spot, I lowered my hand down and caught hold of
  the base and guided the tip to the entrance of my pussy. He must have sensed
  the moist pliable folds of my vulva and made a lunge forward embedding his
  entire dick in my pussy. The speed at which he started fucking me took my breath
  away, his claws dug deeply into my sides and with every pounding forward thrust
  the short wiry hair at the base of his cock rasped harshly over my tender pussy.
  At that I became aware of a voice in my ear, it was the owner  
"Don't let him put the knot in luv or we will be here for
  an hour !"  
With that he grabbed my wrist and guided my hand down to
  the dogs dick, with the palm out he slipped two fingers over the dogs dick
  as if forming a barrier between my pussy and the dog, as soon as the dog thrust
  forward again I realised why &ndash; my palm was now filled with a lump of
  flesh the size of an orange and it was definitely growing. The dog started
  to howl and yelp and increased the rate at which he was fucking me, as suddenly
  as this had started it was all over , the dog momentarily froze and gripped
  his teeth on my shoulder, not sure what was happening I looked up at the owner
  questiongly  
"Its OK luv he shooting his load " he grinned.  
I lowered my head again looked down at my pussy, by this
  time the dog had drained his balls into me and was about to dismount. As he
  did so a torrent of come flowed out of me and joined the puddle already glistening
  on the marble floor, as the dog moved away the upside down face of the young
  girl came into view, she was staring directly into my pussy. It was obvious
  she had just watched me being fucked by the dog and seemed unable to move even
  after it had finished. She watched as come continued to ooze from my pussy
  , she too was squatting as I had been earlier and one hand was now inside her
  panties rubbing at her pussy.  
From I know not where I found the strength to stand up,
  I turned to the girl and gently lifted her to a standing position, her trance
  like interest in my pussy was broken as I spoke to her  
" I think we should get out of here."  
I looked down and both dogs were lapping at the puddle on
  the floor and King was by now extremely excited.  
"I am taking her down to the caf&eacute; at the end of the
  street you guys get some cash and meet us there you can pay for the coffee!"  
I wasn't finished with King just yet and I was not leaving
  the girl alone with those two. The whoosh from the door preceded a gust of
  icey wind as we left the kiosk and made our way the two hundred yards down
  Main St to Paddys caf&eacute;.  
A Week in October   
Part V Breakfast    
Paddys was a typical west end greasy spoon where Andy and
  I regularly ate a full cooked breakfast on Sunday mornings. The guy who owns
  and runs it is infact called Mac by all his regulars, a handsome rugged square
  jawed type probably in his late twenties, originally from Aberdeen so I guess
  that's where the nickname came from, he recognised me when I walked in  
"Morning Stacey &ndash; no Andy today ?" he asked  
" He's having a lie in after a heavy night" I smiled  
"Two coffees please Mac"  
I sat the girl down at one of the table in the window and
  sat next to her looking out into the street. She still had a glazed look in
  her eyes and still hadn't spoke.  
"What's your name ?" I asked  
"Chloe " she replied.  
" I think you and I should have a little chat Chloe"  
"That was amazing " she started " I have never seen anything
  like it."  
"Did you see the size of that dogs cock " she continued  
" And the amount of come that came out of you when he was
  finished"  
I smiled and nodded as if it were something that happened
  every day.  
" I couldn't believe how fast he was fucking you " she went
  on  
"It must have been and incredible feeling "  
" It was " I answered " Do you fancy some ?"  
I looked at her inquisitively and waited for some kind of
  response.  
"Damn I feel so horny right now I would do just about any
  thing to get off "  
"Anything ?" I inquired  
She nodded , then considered what she had just said and
  looked a little sheepish. I lent over and whispered in her ear  
"Go down to the ladies and take off your panties and come
  back to the table. And no touching yourself while you are away"  
After a few moments hesitation she stood up and disappeared
  down the other end of the caf&eacute; towards the Ladies. Just then the door
  opened and in walked the two guys from the kiosk. I indicated that they should
  sit in the table directly opposite us and say nothing. Mac came over and asked
  what they wanted and added that unless the dogs were guide dogs the regulations
  said they had to stay outside. At this point I wandered over and patted King
  on the head and asked Mac if they couldn't put them out in the yard at the
  back &ndash; at least it was covered over and they would be out of the chilling
  wind &ndash; reluctantly Mac agreed and the guys lead the dogs through the
  caf&eacute; past the ladies and out to the yard. The yard was about fifteen
  feet square and was surrounded on all four sides by buildings, there were no
  windows overlooking the yard only one door in each wall &ndash; I guess it
  must have been used as some sort of access point to the utilities as there
  were several manhole covers dotted around the place. The dogs were tied to
  a down pipe and the guys returned to their table.  
Just then Chloe returned from the Ladies and sat down next
  to me with her back to the side wall facing the guys. When I asked her if she
  had done as I asked and she held out her fisted hand offering me the contents,
  as I held out my hand to collect it she dropped a crumpled pair of white panties
  into my palm. I could feel they were damp as I slipped them into my coat pocket.
  Mac arrived with our order and for a while we sat sipping at the piping hot
  coffee. I glanced at the white plastic wall clock that hung above Mac's main
  counter, 10.35 it read. I wondered if anyone back at the flat had wakened and
  what was happening. Had Andy found out ? if so, how was he reacting. My concerns
  about Andy wore off surprisingly quickly as the ache in my pussy once more
  let itself be known. The dog fucking me had happened so fast and so quickly
  after coming on the dogs tongue that I hadn't been able to get off while he
  was fucking me and my pussy was now looking for more fulfilment. I turned and
  looked at Chloe, she smiled a conspiratorial smile and giggled. I lent over
  towards her and rested a hand on her knee, she was hidden from Mac by a large
  chilling cabinet where he kept soft drinks but the guys could clearly see what
  was happening. I indicated for her to slide forward in the wooden chair until
  her pussy was over the front edge. Chloe sat watching the guys watching my
  hand slide further and further up her leg towards her pussy, the first light
  contact with her vulva made her jump and close her eyes. Gently I brushed the
  insides of her thighs with my nails and traced patterns around the her plump
  naked mound without again touching her pussy, after a few minutes of this she
  grew impatient as her need for satisfaction grew and became evident by the
  dampness now seeping from her young pussy and her attempts to thrust up into
  my hand. I aimed two fingers directly at her opening and in one single movement
  thrust them as deep inside her as they would go and pressed my thumb hard against
  her clitty she let out a loud squeal as her pussy convulsed around my fingers
  and her clitty jumped erratically under my thumb.  
"Everything OK &ndash; Stacey " Shouted Mac from the counter  
" Yes thanks" I replied " Just spilt some coffee &ndash; no
  problem"  
Chloe continued to squirm around in the seat with my fingers
  in her pussy for a full two minutes, I guess somewhere in the distance she
  had heard Mac and did not make another sound, as she slowly recovered I withdrew
  my fingers and as she opened her eyes she watched as I popped my now glistening
  fingers into my mouth and sucked them dry. Her orgasm had left her gasping
  for breath and her face was flushed a shiny pink colour. It was several minutes
  before either of us spoke. I glanced over at the guys who had been watching
  the whole episode and as I smiled I mouthed the words "WANT SOME" at them,
  the reply was instant and very definitely in the affirmative. Turning to Chloe
  I ask if she was Ok to which she nodded, sat back in the seat and leaned her
  back against the wall, her legs still splayed wide and her pussy still in full
  view she observed the guys staring at her crotch and smiled.  
"Two full breakfasts Mac please - easy on the grease " I
  called over to Mac  
"Two over here as well " piped one of the guys  
"Coming right up ! " Mac shouted back.  
"Mind if we say hello to the puppies " I said to the guys
  in a loud voice as I stood up  
They shrugged and I motioned to Chloe to follow me. As I
  passed the counter I said to asked Mac how long before breakfast was ready
  as we were going to see how the dogs were doing.  
"About twenty minutes " he replied " I'll come and let you
  know if your not back"  
I nodded and walked past the counter down the corridor and
  out into the back yard. Immediately they saw me the dogs began to whimper and
  wag their stumpy little tails, It was obvious King was still in a high state
  of arousal and eager for some more pussy. I left both dogs tied to the down
  pipe and turned to Chloe. I lead her in front of the dog who had fucked me
  earlier and rub his neck &ndash; I noticed a silver name tag on his collar
  read "BEN". Ben started sniffing at Chloe's crotch and obviously recognised
  the scent, he barked and became very agitated when he realised that his goal
  was just out of reach.  
"Rub behind his ears " I said  
Knowing full well what the result of her stepping in close
  to him would be, she took one step forward and reached out to the dogs head
  but as expected Ben lowered his head and shot his tongue right into Chloe's
  pussy, lapping furiously he was jumping from one front leg to the other as
  if in some ritualistic dance, Chloe gasped at the suddenness of the sensation
  but did not try to move away. After a couple of minutes of this Chloe was obviously
  heading for another orgasm and could hardly keep her balance. As I gently pulled
  her once again just out of Bens reach I asked her if she wanted the dog to
  fuck her  
"Oh God YES YES YES ! " she gasped.  
I gently eased her down onto all fours and lifted her overcoat
  over her shoulders so that her as was exposed and instructed her to crawl back
  towards the dog , Ben was already busy licking her ass and pussy and I could
  clearly see his doggy dick starting to appear. When Chloe had moved far enough
  back Ben jumped up and clasped her around the waist and was desperately try
  to bury his bone. I knelt down beside her a showed led her hand down to the
  dogs cock and helped her guide it into her pussy, I then placed her hand as
  I had been shown in order to keep the dogs knot from entering her. Once Ben
  realised he had hit the spot he began fucking in earnest, his machine like
  pumping slammed his huge dick in and out of Chloe's sopping pussy, the dog
  looked huge in comparison to the petite stature of his current bitch, the power
  he was currently exerting on her most sensitive parts was awesome. Chloe was
  now squealing at every inward stroke the dog made  
"Fuck me ! Fuck Me! Fuck Me !" was the rhythmical chant
  emanating from Bens bitch.  
After only there or four minutes Chloe's chant changed  
"I'm Coming! I'm Coming! I'm Fucking Coming!"  
Whether or not the convulsions in her tight young pussy
  had been enough to set the dog of or perhaps that was all the time he needed
  , the dog momentarily froze , lifted his head and howled like a wolf as his
  cock spat doggy come deep into her pussy. After a minute or two the dog dismounted
  and I gently pulled Chloe out of reach once more. She sat up with her back
  to the whitewashed wall of the yard and looked exhausted , she pulled her legs
  up and rested her chin on her knees, doggy come was pouring from her pussy.  
"Holy Shit " she declared "I've never come like that in
  my life"  
Just then the back door to the caf&eacute; swung open three
  or four inches and without looking out Mac shouted out that breakfast was ready.
  Damn I thought, King will have to wait. I dug Chloe's damp panties out of my
  coat pocket thinking they may help to stem the river of come flowing out of
  her and handed them to her, she pulled them on before we went back into the
  caf&eacute;. We reached the table and as promised breakfast was waiting for
  us.  
A Week in October  
Part VI Saying Thanks  
We ate the bacon, sausage, fried egg, French toast and grilled
  tomatoes in relative silence, Chloe obviously pondering what had just happened
  and me contemplating how I was going to get it together with King. When we
  had finished Mac came over and cleared our table and brought us a pot of tea,
  four slices of toast and a small pot of thick cut marmalade as this was included
  in the price of "FULL BRAKFAST" as detailed on the chalk board behind Chloe's
  head. I looked over at the guys who were similarly engaged and smiled. They
  both carried an expression of expectation and seemed to questioning when they
  were to be attended to. I turned to Chloe  
"We are going to have to thank these guys for the use of
  their dogs you know. " I said quite nonchalantly.  
" Yeah I guess so" she replied a few moments later after
  some thought  
"Hang on. You mean fuck them don't you ?"  
"Well !" I said dragging the word out as if considering
  the question.  
"Maybe not fuck them but I reckon we should get them off &ndash; don't
  you . The poor guys have had a hardon for the past hour."  
"Jeez Stacey &ndash; I don't even know them!"  
"Come on Chloe you have just let a women you don't know
  get you off in public then promptly fucked a dog that I presume you didn't
  know &ndash; what's the big deal ? it'll be fun !!"  
The worried expression on her face slowly dissolved into
  shining grin &ndash; I imagined she was contemplating what was to come and
  it was starting to appeal to her naughtier side.  
"OK !" she said "But I don't want to fuck either of them"  
"A deal " I replied.  
With that I lifted my tea mug and signalled for Chloe to
  follow, we walked over to the booth the guys were sitting at and asked if they
  minded if we joined them, the booth had a U shaped high backed bench seat running
  around an oblong shaped blue formica table &ndash; kind of fifties America
  style, the guys were sitting opposite each other one on each leg of the U.
  As we approached Bens owner stood up and allowed Chloe to wriggle into the
  booth , I signalled that he should sit next to her and finally I sat on the
  end. Chloe was now between the two of them and looking rather uncomfortable.  
"We just came to thank you for introducing us to Ben and
  King " I said with a wicked smile  
"Chloe here is going to jerk you guys off while I go say
  goodbye to King !"  
Chloe blushed profusely and stared down at her tea mug,
  the guys just stared at me and then each other. I dropped my right hand into
  Ben's owners lap and fumbled around for his zipper. I could feel his hard dick
  through his jeans and as I lowered the zip it sprang free  
" " I chuckled  
I grasped the shaft and rubbed my hand up and down a few
  times before I lowered my mouth over the end, I sucked hard as I pumped the
  shaft, after about ten strokes I sat up and looked at Chloe.  
"This ones ready for you &ndash; better get the other one
  out "  
Her hand hesitantly wandered up the guys thigh and grasped
  his hardon through the denim. He sucked deeply in through his teeth and smiled
  at his friend, Chloe found the zipper and pulled on it but it appeared to stick  
"I'll get it" the guy said  
And proceeded to yank down the zip and fumble about trying
  to free his cock from the restraints of his boxer shorts, at last his thick
  cock appeared, Chloe just stared for a few moments and without lifting here
  eyes reached out and took hold of the shaft. I reached across and lifted her
  other hand and wrapped it around the one I had been stroking.  
"Here's the deal guys &ndash; Chloe is gonna keep stroking
  until I get back &ndash; if either of you come she will stop immediately and
  the other one will not get off. Everyone clear ?"  
All three heads nodded and I rose from the table and headed
  down the corridor, as I passed Mac I smiled and asked him to order a taxi to
  arrive in ten minutes time. I carried on down the corridor and out into the
  yard. Ben was lying licking at his balls and seemed disinterested in my appearance,
  King on the other hand was obviously pleased to see me, after all he had just
  witnessed his buddy fuck two bitches inside an hour and he was yet to get the
  chance. I wasted no time and walked right up to King and opened my overcoat,
  he knew exactly what was required and immediately started lapping at my already
  sopping pussy. A minute or so later I looked down to see if King was ready
  and sure enough there was a magnificent cock fully erect and ready for some
  pussy, I hitched up my overcoat, turned around, knelt down on all fours and
  presented King with the prize he had been waiting for all morning. In one swift
  movement he mounted and found my gaping pussy with one stroke. He immediately
  started fucking like there was no tomorrow, this dog wanted off. I settled
  into the rhythm and pushed back at every forward thrust, already my pussy was
  signalling the onset of an orgasm. Three or four minutes later I was right
  on the edge when suddenly King made a lunge forward and I felt my pussy lips
  stretching to accommodate what felt like a football. Christ I had forgotten
  about the knot !!! King was no longer humping but had frozen and was now chewing
  at the collar of my overcoat, he let out a howl and I could feel his warm seed
  pour into my womb, the knot continued to swell until I thought it would split
  me in two, the rough hairs around his sheath ground into my clitty and I was
  gone. Just then I was unaware of the door to the caf&eacute; swing open and
  Mac stepped out into the yard to be confronted with this scene of debaurtury.
  King was emptying his enormous balls deep inside me and I was screaming like
  a stuck pig as another orgasm ripped me. I have no idea how long it was before
  I had recovered sufficiently to become aware of Mac's presence but it was long
  enough for him to have whipped out a very erect dick and start wanking while
  he looked on. Meanwhile King had thrown his front paws off to one side and
  now had all four feet on the ground, he took two steps forward and to my horror
  I realised that we were locked together, that football was still in my pussy,
  I was forced to crawl backwards, I looked up at Mac as much as to say "get
  this fucking thing out of me", Mac said nothing, he was clearly on the verge
  of coming, he took a few steps forward and thrust his now sticky cock in my
  face. Instinctively I opened my mouth and Mac thrust his cock deep in my throat,
  I felt him grab two handfuls of hair on either side of my head and use this
  as leverage to fuck my face hard. A minute or more passed as he continued to
  fuck my mouth, I had gagged several times but he kept up the relentless pursuit
  of his own orgasm. Finally his cock jerked and spat several wads of come into
  mouth and throat, there was too much too swallow and the excess slipped from
  my mouth and ran down my chin to drip onto the stone floor. It took Mac a few
  moments to recover his composure and kneel down beside me  
"Damn Stacey I'm really sorry &ndash; I just couldn't help
  myself , I've never seen anything so erotic in my life &ndash; I'm really sorry"  
"Shut the fuck up and get this fucking dick out my pussy
  for Christ sake !!" I retorted  
Mac crawled down and examined my pussy and Kings dick which
  was firmly lodged inside. I ran my hand down my belly and could feel a huge
  bulge in my lower abdomen presumably the football King had managed to ram inside
  me. Mac appeared back in my face with a puzzled look on his face  
"What am I supposed to do ?"  
After several minutes my panic subsided as I realised the
  football was definitely deflating, a minute or so later King's dick slipped
  out of me with a pop. As I stood up another river of doggy semen ran down the
  inside of my legs, I buttoned my overcoat and headed inside.  
A Week in October  
Part VII Skinheads have needs too  
As I approached the booth where I had left Chloe and the
  two guys, it appeared that both had kept their word and neither had come. I
  glanced from one hard dribbling dick to the other and then at Chloe who was
  still slowly wanking one in each hand and glancing at each in turn.  
"Thank fuck !" said Bens owner "I couldn't hold out much
  longer" he gasped.  
At that, a huge jet of spunk flew out of the end of his
  dick and hurtled through the air over the table towards his buddy, King's owner
  was momentarily startled and confused by the viscous fluid that hit him full
  in the forehead and started running down his face. As he looked up trying to
  figure what had happened a second jet was sent forth, all four of us watched
  and as if in slow motion as the huge globule rose in the air then appeared
  float gently onto the table, a final weaker jet was now soaking into his jeans
  just above the knee. Chloe turned her full attention to Kings owner and increased
  the speed of her manipulations, within a minute the guy was gasping a warning
  of his immanent eruption, seconds later a steady trickle of spunk oozed from
  the end of his dick and traced a silvery line down Chloe's hand and dripped
  into his lap.  
"OK guys &ndash; that's you " I announced " Go settle up
  with Mac and leave a tenner on the table for Chloe's taxi &ndash; and if you
  are smart you will leave a contact number with Mac."  
With that they both rose from the table and set off down
  the corridor, presumably to clean up and collect the dogs. Meanwhile I looked
  out of the window as the taxi drew up, an older man in his fifties with a full
  white beard and moustache was waving in at us, he was chewing on a Sherlock
  Holmes style pipe, I raised my hand and separated my fingers indicating we
  would be out in five minutes, with that he pulled the flat cap from his head
  and waved acknowledgement.  
"There's the taxi Chloe &ndash; how you feeling!" I asked.  
"Shit Stacey ! I'm horny as hell " she replied.  
"Slip your panties off " I replied " I have an idea"  
Just then the guys came back with the dogs in tow, one of
  them laid a ten pound note on the table and the both said their goodbyes. Mac
  followed shortly after with a receipt showing the guys had settled in full
  and one of them had written a mobile phone number on the receipt. I took the
  receipt and lifted my bag from the seat next to me, Mac also carried a dishcloth
  and a plastic bottle filled with an orange liquid which had a pump action spray
  built into the handle  
" Better clean up this mess " he smiled looking down where
  jets of semen had landed  
He proceeded to spray then thoroughly wipe our table until
  he was satisfied there were no traces of our earlier activity.  
"Damn it Mac &ndash; I've dropped my purse" I said " Can
  you reach it ?"  
With that he disappeared under the table and started groping
  around in the darkness trying to locate my purse. I lowered my hand under the
  table and waited. As he methodically searched the floor he was gradually coming
  closer and closer, as he came into reach I grabbed a handful of hair and pulled,
  he squealed and quickly crawled forward following my hand. As hard as I could
  I rammed his face into Chloe's crotch, with my free hand I placed her hands
  on either side of his head and signalled for her to grab a handful of hair.
  She quickly realised my intention and pulled hard as she smashed her sopping
  pussy into his face. She managed to manoeuvre into a position where her clitty
  was jammed into the bridge of his nose and she was furiously fucking his face.  
" I think you missed some doggy spunk down there Mac " I
  taunted " better clean it all up"  
Chloe couldn't take much of this and minutes later she had
  come all over Macs face. She released her grip and Mac crawled backwards from
  under the table, I glanced out at the taxi driver and gave him a thumbs up
  indicating we were about to leave once again he waved his cap. Mac face emerged
  above the end of the table, his eyes were tight shut and he was gasping for
  breath, his entire face was covered in a thick film of doggy come and pussy
  juice.  
"Shit Stacey " he complained  
" I guess that's us even Mac" I smirked  
With that we left the caf&eacute; and jumped into the black
  cab waiting at the kerb. I gave Sherlock my address and sat down beside Chloe.
  The clock in the cab dash board read 12:30, I thought again of Andy. The feeling
  of impending doom gathered around me and as if to highlight the fact , outside
  it started to rain. As I looked around the cab I noticed a huge "NO SMOKING" sign
  and looked at the driver. He still had the pipe dangling from his mouth and
  resting on his beard but no smoke was emanating from the bowl or from his mouth.
  He must have caught me in the rear view mirror staring at him.  
"Haven't lit it for twenty years dear" he offered " Just
  couldn't bear to be without it &ndash; the old lady calls it my dummy tit " he
  chuckled.  
We drew up outside my building and I turned to Chloe  
"This is my building &ndash; third floor left &ndash; Baker
  on the door" I said "If you ever want to drop in, feel free"  
"I will " she replied "My boyfriend stays directly below
  you."  
"Take care " I said and jumped out of the cab.  
A Week in October   
Part VIII A Ride On The Tube    
The wind seemed to instantly chill me to the bone and the
  rain soaked my already bedraggled hair. I stood motionless looking at the entrance
  hallway to the building. Finally I rushed up the steps, punched in the security
  code and I was inside. I hesitated momentarily deciding whether or not to take
  the elevator, I chose the stairs &ndash; one it would further delay my having
  to see Andy and two even although the building was only one hundred years old
  the elevator looked , felt and sounded like some medieval iron torture chamber
  that some sinister individual had built the house around. I started to climb
  the stairs , eighteen steps between each floor , Andy and I had counted them
  when we first moved in. Fifty four steps to heaven Andy would say and they
  were a welcome sight after a hard day at work without seeing Andy, I knew I
  only had fifty four more steps till I was back in his arms. The bare stone
  stairs clicked at my every step and the green ceramic tiles felt cold against
  my hand. I stood outside apartment 3 b and stared at the door, I slipped my
  key into the Yale and opened the door. There was a deathly silence, I looked
  around the hallway, something was different, I called out to Andy but there
  was no reply, I rushed into the lounge, no-one, into the bedroom no-one, back
  to the lounge , I frantically glanced around the room for a clue as to what
  had happened when Andy had awoken. There on the coffee table was a folded piece
  of A4 paper with my name scribbled on the front. Carefully , as if it would
  break I unfolded the note, before I even read it I knew what was coming, he
  would say I had abused his trust , humiliated him and obviously the depth of
  his love for me was not reciprocated and that he couldn't live with that and
  he had gone to try to rebuild his shattered life.  
I read  
Dear Stacey   
   
Take it you had gone to Paddy's &ndash; we all
      slept in but should still make it to the airport.   
   
Call you later in the week   
   
All my love    
   
Andy   
I rushed back into the hallway the cases and the golf clubs
  were gone. My God he was on his way to Portugal. Guilt and shame washed over
  me and tears streamed down my face as I re-read the note. How could I have
  done this to the most wonderful man I had ever known. I ran through to our
  bed and threw myself down on Andy's pillow and sobbed until eventually I slept.  
I was wakened around 8pm by the telephone ringing in the
  distance; I jumped out of bed and ran down the hallway only to find the ringing
  stop when as I was about to lift the receiver. I turned and started to walk
  towards the bathroom, I desperately needed to soak in a long hot fragrant bath.
  There was a loud beep from the answer machine and I turned to see the green
  light blinking in the darkness signalling a new message had been recorded,
  I walked back and pushed the play button, suddenly Andy's voice boomed from
  the single speaker on top of the machine.  
"Hi Honey, Just me! to let you know I have arrived safely,
  call you later Bye.!"  
He was gone as quickly as he had appeared. The tone of his
  voice convinced me of my earlier suspicions that he was blissfully unaware
  that the four men he was now sharing a holiday with had, the previous evening,
  not only fucked his wife but had pleasured one another.  
I headed back to the bathroom and turned on the taps to
  fill the bath, as the room filled with steam I turned to look at myself in
  the long mirror - Christ I looked like a two bit whore &ndash; stockings in
  shreds, basque splattered and stained , hair matted , what make-up I had left
  streaked my face like commando camouflage and dried silver trails led from
  my pussy all the way down the inside of each leg.  
I watched in the mirror as the whores eyes filled with tears
  and she wept at the sight of me, I felt the pain in her heart, the sorrow in
  her soul and the sobbing in her breast. Soon she had gone and I lay almost
  fully submerged in the steaming foamy hot cleansing water, powerful fragrances
  from the lavender bath salts gripped my olfactory senses and I was hidden from
  the world under a blanket of soft gentle feminine innocence.  
Fully an hour alter I emerged pink and clean, drying myself
  down and throwing on a bathrobe I wandered into the lounge. I lifted a small
  squat glass from the shelf above the Hi-Fi and poured myself a healthy measure
  of scotch from the open bottle sitting on the coffee table, The Macallan slithered
  down my throat like a velvet ribbon and left a warm glow where ever it travelled.
  I laid the whiskey down and went into the kitchen in search of my handbag ,
  I gathered it from the worktop next to the sink and quickly opened it in search
  of some cigarettes, Andy did not approve of my occasional cigarette so it would
  be a real pleasure to enjoy without castigation. As I pulled the new packet
  of Rothmans from my bag I noticed something clinging to the cellophane, I pulled
  it free and read the logo across the top &ndash; " Paddy's Caf&eacute;" &ndash; I
  flipped it over and there was the mobile phone number I had told Kings owner
  to leave with Mac. Wild images of the ATM Kiosk, Paddy's Caf&eacute; and the
  courtyard played on the cinema in my head. I threw down the receipt and headed
  back to the lounge, I lit a cigarette with the onyx table lighter on the fireplace
  and inhaled the smoke deep into my lungs, I held it there for a few moments
  before exhaling a cloud of drifting mist. I lifted my glass and chased the
  nicotine down with a mouthful of alcohol.  
As my eyes travelled around the room they were suddenly
  fixed on the thong I had been wearing last night, now abandoned on the floor
  beside the sofa, I smiled as I recalled the sight of Shaun with the sopping
  crotch covering his nose and mouth, I reached down and lifted them , they were
  still damp. I started to giggle at the thought of Paul licking Dons balls and
  finally I laughed out loud at the thought of the guys suddenly realising I
  was no longer in the room, I would loved to have seen their faces. My laughter
  surprised me , I had been safe in my misery, secure behind a wall of self loathing
  with no chance that my sins could bring me any further pleasures. I headed
  back to bed and within five minutes was again sound asleep.  
At 7:00am the alarm warned me that I had 1hour and thirty
  minutes to be behind my desk at Drachman and Sadler advertising agency. A position
  I had held since leaving art school some ten years previously. I enjoyed my
  job but today I felt less inclined to jump up and start running on the endless
  treadmill that life in the city brought. Today I wanted fun or excitement or
  just different or maybe all three. For now I threw the duvet back over my head
  and lay down, ten minutes later the alarm warned me that I had had a further
  ten minutes snoozing and that I really ought to get up now. I suddenly felt
  disinclined to argue any further, after all his reasoning was probably significantly
  more logical than mine. I dragged my sorry carcass out of bed and wandered
  through for coffee. With a piping hot mug of Arabica in my hand I went and
  sat in the lounge and switched on the TV, the familiar GMTV faces burst on
  to the screen. I reached over and pulled breakfast from the packet and lit
  it, Inhaled deeply then started coughing uncontrollably. On finishing the coffee
  and breakfast I quickly showered, applied my face then dressed, I had pulled
  a navy blue two piece from the wardrobe, a fairly short skirt and a three quarter
  length jacket, matched it up with a white blouse and a sparkling marquisate
  rose which I pinned to my lapel, checking in the mirror I was satisfied that
  I was looking reasonably professional and business like for the days client
  meetings. I slipped on some shoes, my long Burberry rain coat, threw my hand
  bag over my shoulder and headed to work.  
As I stepped out of the building the wind was again chilling
  and I pulled my coat tight around me, at the end of our cul-de-sac I turned
  left onto High Road and headed towards Wood Green tube station, as I passed
  The Nelson, a real ale pub Andy and I frequented, I wondered whether he was
  still enjoying his golf or had the guys broken the story. As I passed Dean's
  Laundromat I glanced in the huge plate glass window &ndash; no hunks peeling
  off their jeans today I thought but then there never was. Into the station
  I headed for the south bound platform and waited for the Heathrow Terminals
  tube due in three minutes according to the monitor. It was now 7:35am and the
  journey to Hammersmith took around 48 mins this left me 7 mins for the 20 minute
  walk from the station to our offices in Dane Street, late again I guess. As
  usual the platform was bustling, everyone trying to get to the front to ensure
  a seat. There was definitely and art in picking your spot, even if you were
  at the front you weren't guaranteed a seat unless the doors stopped directly
  in front of you. Normally I chose not to compete in the daily fiasco and resigned
  myself to standing for the whole journey. The train duly arrived and the lemmings
  poured onto the carriages, almost last on and I was left standing just inside
  the door, it was a good day since at least I could lean against the glass wall
  that separated the carriage sections and hold onto the upright pole that was
  integrated part of the separating wall , I hated when I had to reach up and
  hold onto to the handles dangling from the ceiling. We lurched out of the station
  at the sound of the guards whistle and begun trundling towards the first of
  twenty stations on the journey. I looked around at my fellow travellers, none
  seemed particularly pleased that it was Monday morning and that the day ahead
  my bring opportunities to rise another rung on the corporate ladder. I glanced
  down to my right through the glass in the wall where a middle aged, pin stripped,
  financial services type was peering through half moon glasses at a copy of
  FT, next to him a white Rastafarian student about twenty two, wearing wide
  weave heavy jacket obviously purchased in Oxfam's Fair-trade section, was trying
  to sleep. Directly to my left a couple stood facing each other and were clearly
  extending their early morning intimacies as they kissed and whispered and nibbled
  at to one another's ear. I watched them for a while and enjoyed the tenderness
  and affection they were showing to each other, I guessed it was a fairly new
  relationship. Her head was on his shoulder facing me and her straight, jet
  black hair shone even in the dim light of the carriage, it seemed unfair that
  all oriental women did not even have to try to excel in the hair department.
  Her eyes seemed disproportionately large for the size of her face and the liquid
  ebony irises were stark against the whites of her eyes , I became aware that
  she was returning my gaze when she smiled without lifting her head from his
  shoulder, devastatingly white and perfectly formed teeth sparkled at me and
  I smiled back, she held my gaze for longer than she should until eventually
  her partner interrupted and spoke in her ear. I forced my head to turn away
  and considered what I was feeling; she was a very beautiful young woman. I
  couldn't say exactly what age she was, another advantage that I thought oriental
  women have , they seem not to age from twelve years old until around thirty
  five, the down side of course is that on their thirty fifth birthday they instantly
  aged twenty two years to make up &ndash; or so I hoped.  
We pulled into Turnpike Lane station and as usual no-one
  disembarked, the train was almost full and people were running up and down
  the platform looking for spaces in any of the carriages, two or three tried
  to board at our door and the couple next to me were forced to squeeze over
  towards me, my shoulder was now pushed hard against his and my face no more
  than six inches from hers. Damn it ! I was definitely attracted to this woman,
  I wanted to feel her smooth skin against mine, I wanted her lips caressing
  my face, I wanted her pleasure to be mine. I stared straight ahead of me at
  the sea of faces, it seemed to me that every race, creed and colour in the
  entire world was represented somewhere in this carriage. Unlike Andy I welcomed
  the diversity in our society, it seems to me that if Darwin's theory holds
  any water then our best chance for long term survival is to access the global
  gene pool, any lineage that becomes too incestuous will become useless: take
  the chiwawa for instance. My thoughts were interrupted as I caught some movement
  to my left out of the corner of my eye, I turned my head to see the oriental
  woman lift her left hand and place it on her partners shoulder, I watched as
  she positioned it in order that the heel of her hand was touching me. I glanced
  up at her face and she smiled, as if held by some invisible beam being transmitted
  from her forehead, I could not move. My eyes shifted from her beautiful eyes
  to her full lips and shinning teeth and aback again, I became aware that her
  hand was slowly, very slowly, moving onto my shoulder, so slowly that the movement
  would be imperceptible to anyone watching. Her eyes held me and dared me to
  object, she slowly raised her eyebrows asking me the question &ndash; I smiled.  
The train started to slow down as we pulled into Manor House
  station. As the doors opened onto the platform the jostling started up again
  as desperate commuters tried to force their way on board, as the oriental woman
  took a step to her right and now stood directly in front of me, her left hand
  brushed over my breasts and came to rest on my waist, with her right hand she
  reached up and grasped one of the plastic handles dangling from the aluminium
  rail attached to the roof of the carriage. Her partner was forced to move behind
  me and the contour of the carriage forced him to bend slightly to fit neatly
  between me and the external wall of the train. I looked into her eyes as she
  pressed her body into mine. The contours of her body slotted neatly as a jigsaw
  into mine, as she rested her head on my right shoulder I could feel her warm
  breath on my neck. Her partner was now unavoidably pressed against my back
  and could hardly move, she stared into my eyes as her hand travelled from my
  waist down and inside my raincoat, even if I had considered it I was unable
  to resist. As her fingers made the first electrifying contact with my naked
  thigh a shiver ran the full length of my spine and my legs quivered, with her
  finger tips she traced a line up the inside of my thigh until she was almost
  touching my pussy, she stopped and gently clasped my thigh with her whole hand.
  I could feel my labia begin to swell and my pussy start to bubble, for agonising
  minutes she simply held me. The motion of the train made my hips sway back
  and forth and I could feel her partner's body behind me. Without warning my
  knees bent involuntarily desperately trying to bring my pussy into contact
  with her hand &ndash; she smiled and a few moments later her finger nails racked
  over my pussy through my now wet panties, I gasped aloud and slouched forward
  forcing her to lean hard against me to hold me upright. My now erect nipples
  were being teased intolerably as they rubbed against her breasts. The train
  slowed once more as we approached Finsbury Park, as the commuters on the platform
  exchanged places with some of the passengers on board, none of the three of
  us made any attempt to move or make space. As we pulled out of the station
  she leaned over my shoulder and whispered to her partner, moments later I felt
  his hand inside my raincoat which was split to the waist at the back, he slowly
  made his way to the waistline of my panties and lowered them to just above
  my knees, I wriggled slightly and they fell to the floor. A voice in my ear
  told me to step out of them and as I looked down they were swiped away behind
  me, almost immediately I felt the palm of her hand cup my pussy and one finger
  slide easily inside me. For agonising minutes there was no movement as my pussy
  juice flowed into her hand, then slowly her finger moved in a circular motion
  tracking around the walls of my pussy and a second finger was inserted. After
  only a few moments she withdrew and reached down and used her moist fingers
  to tease and probe gently at my ass. Instinctively I pushed against her fingers
  and both slid in, slowly she pushed until I could feel her knuckles at the
  opening and she began to rotate her fingers. After only a few moments she once
  again withdrew and her fingers traced their way up the length of my pussy to
  find my clitty, by this time I was close to the edge and desperately wanted
  relief. A single finger tip rolled gently back and forth over my clitty , just
  too slowly and too lightly to ignite my orgasm, at this my whole abdomen turned
  to a warm gooey swirling mess as I teetered over the edge but not quite able
  to launch my self off into oblivion.  
"Tell Marcos to fuck your ass " she whispered  
I turned my head to the side as Marcos brought his ear close
  to my lips and I did as I was instructed. I felt movement behind me and his
  overcoat appeared at either side of my hips, obviously trying to obscure his
  activities. I had expected to feel his hand inside my raincoat but was surprised
  when the head of his rock hard dick nudged at my moist ass, gently I leaned
  back and he breached my sphincter. The initial pain dissipated into a warm
  full sensation. The tip of her finger was now exerting more pressure on my
  clit but was now no longer moving, the increased pressure enhanced my arousal
  but still was not sufficient to allow release. Gradually Marcos pushed his
  dick as far up my ass as he could go, I felt his rough pubic hair scratching
  at my stretched opening, he started to rock back and forth with the motion
  of the train, dipping his cock in and out of my ass. I have no idea how long
  this lasted as I was now totally focused on my own orgasm.  
"Nina" Marcos said out loud.  
With that he thrust deep and froze, I felt his dick swell
  inside me and the first spasm of the onset of his goal, Nina reacted quickly
  and started rubbing hard on my clitty, within five seconds my pussy exploded
  and shot bolts of electricity through my body and into my brain, as my eyes
  rolled in my head, my head flopped back and my legs gave out, the only thing
  supporting me was Marcos's dick up my ass. When I recovered Nina's hand was
  gone as had Marcos's dick &ndash; I felt empty and exhausted.  
The tube was slowing once more and I was shocked to see
  Leicester Square platform &ndash; I had completely missed seven stations including
  Kings Cross. I suddenly became very conscious of the other people in the carriage
  and glanced down to my right at Mr Half-moon-glasses and realised by the expression
  on his face that he knew  ! His mouth hung slightly open
  and he peered directly at me over the top of his glasses, I smiled &ndash; it
  seemed to snap him out of his trance and he smiled back. I glanced down at
  Nina whose gleaming smile had grown to consume her whole face  
"My turn tomorrow" she said "same train"  
I nodded and at that the carriage doors opened and Marcos
  and Nina disappeared into the crowd, our White Rastafarian also disembarked
  leaving a seat next to Mr Half-moon-glasses into which I quickly collapsed.
  As I sat down I could feel the contents of Marcos's balls start to seep from
  my ass, damn &ndash; no knickers  
"You don't happen to have any tissues do you " I asked Mr
  Half-moon-glasses  
He jumped, startled, as if surprised that I could speak
  and was forced to look at me, he mumbled something incoherent and started frisking
  himself for evidence of the tissues he knew he had. Eventually from his coat
  pocket he pulled an unopened packet of Handy-Andes and offered them to me,
  he watched intently as I opened the packet pulled out a handkerchief, lifted
  my buttocks slightly off the seat and pushed the hanky under my ass. As I sat
  down I turned and said with a smile  
"Enjoy the show ?"  
"I&hellip; er &hellip;. eh .... I "  
"By the look of that bulge &ndash; I would say you did" I
  teased  
He looked down as the bulge in his trousers was threatening
  to break free and immediately thrust his newspaper into a crumpled ball on
  his lap. He blushed.  
"I don't reckon you will be able to concentrate on anything
  much today ! " I laughed  
For a while I sat recovering from my newest experience and
  relaxed. The carriage had started to empty, and by the time we left Green Park
  the section in front of us had completely emptied and only a few long distance
  travellers headed for Heathrow were spread out behind us.  
"I &hellip; eh &hellip;. I think you are right" said Mr
  Half-Moon lifting his newspaper and staring into his lap.  
"Never mind" I sniggered " Mrs Half-Moon will take care
  of that when you get home.  
As he lifted his head and looked out of the window he sighed
  the kind of sigh that a teenager would make when the CD his Gran promised him
  for birthday turned out to be Val Doonegan and not Van Halen as requested.
  He suddenly looked like a sad little man with a sad little life. Damn it I
  thought.  
"Unless of course I can help"  
It was Van Halen after all &ndash; his eyes danced and his
  smile broadened to a place it hadn't been in a long time. I looked round the
  carriage to check we could not easily be overseen and lifted my hand into his
  lap. He stared at my hand as I unzipped him and slipped my hands inside his
  trousers, moments later I had fished out a reasonable sized hardon and wrapped
  my fist around it. His eyes furtively glanced around the carriage obviously
  wary of being discovered. As I started to move my fist up and down his shaft
  his stare returned to my hand, he watched intently as I pumped his dick faster
  and faster. Soon there was a trickle of sticky clear fluid running from the
  end of his cock and as if to warn me of his imminent ejaculation he looked
  into my eyes, I smiled, the first short spurt of semen arced onto the floor
  at his feet, his eyes rolled around in their sockets and he held his breath
  deep in his lungs for fear of alerting everyone in the carriage to his moment
  of joy. Thirty seconds later it was all over and I was handing him back his
  handkerchiefs. Just then we pulled into Hammersmith and I kissed him on the
  cheek and jumped down onto the platform, as I looked back I saw he was staring
  out at me with that huge smile on his face again and he mouthed the words 'Thank
  You.' I smiled and disappeared up the stairwell towards the surface.  
A Week in October   
Part IX Sadler's been naughty    
"Seventeen minutes late Ms Holden" chastised Sadler as he
  looked at his watch  
I grinned and made some pathetic excuse about the tube delays.
  I guess as a bosses go Benjamin Sadler was OK &ndash; typical public school
  and silver spoon type who had never wanted for anything in his life. A very
  austere and foreboding veneer meant that he had little or no need for middle
  class social etiquette, of which he had no knowledge anyway. Being brought
  up on a 200 acre country estate in Hertfordshire, sent to Harrow then on to
  Eaton does not lend itself to easy integration with the proletariat. That said
  at 63 he was undoubtedly still a very talented man and continues to win industry
  awards for his designs and as a founding partner he has to be at least partially
  credited with building a &pound;5 million per annum business. A stalwart for
  punctuality I new my recent tardiness would not go unpunished.  
"My office twelve noon sharp Ms Holden" he barked  
Oh well, another lecture on the merits of good time-keeping,
  shows "strength of character" apparently. As I walked through reception Sharon
  on the front desk handed me a pile of yellow post-it notes with details of
  calls received that morning, a quick flick through showed nothing of major
  import had been missed. I took my seat in the open plan office and said good
  morning to our newest recruit Emma. At sixteen and six months into her employment,
  Emma showed zero promise of fulfilling any function any of us in the office
  could think of, however, it seems the company was being paid under some government
  scheme to find employment for school leavers from deprived backgrounds &ndash; essentially
  it looked like we were stuck with her for a further eighteen months. Fourteen
  of us were seated in the main office area, a mixture of drawing boards, desks
  and computer workstations. At either end of the open plan area there were four
  offices where the hierarchy hid behind louvre blinds masking off the glass
  walls, the two senior partners and two junior partners at the furthest away
  end and four so called middle management at the west end of the building.  
I sat down at my chic Perspex desk and switched on my computer,
  checked my inbox for new mail and set off for the coffee machine. A corridor
  ran down the front of the building parallel to the reception that led to the
  staff restrooms, in the corridor next to the photocopier a gaggle of caffeine
  junkies huddled around the local supplier. I joined my fellow addicts and bought
  a 20p hit, I acknowledged the greetings from colleagues and scuttled back to
  my desk to enjoy my score in private.  
As I sipped my stimulant my eyes wandered around the room,
  the workstations were set out in two concentric squares &ndash; ten on the
  outer square and four for the most junior staff in the centre. Our second government
  assisted position was filled by Daniel who seemed to spend most of his day
  drooling over Emma, sat side on directly in front of me. Overall there was
  a fair cross-section of gender, race, age and size. Draining the last drops
  from my paper cup I set about the days tasks, I cleared the various calls and
  answered the twenty or so emails which had built up over the morning. Around
  eleven o'clock my electronic diary reminded me I had a client presentation
  that afternoon at 2:00pm, deciding to go over the designs to be presented I
  pushed back my chair and headed for the A1 filing cabinets. As I stood, I noticed
  there was a higher level than usual of giggling emanating from Emma and Daniel,
  I looked up to see both of them smiling at me and conspiratorially whispering
  to each other, for the time being I thought no more of it. Back at my desk
  with the appropriate designs the giggling started up once again, this time
  as I looked up I noticed they were both staring at my crotch, my knees were
  slightly apart and given I had a short skirt on they were obviously tickled
  by my white panties. In an effort to embarrass them both and draw their attention
  to the fact that I was aware of their antics, I spread my legs further apart.
  I was surprised not to get an immediate reaction and a guilty look from them
  both, instead Daniels jaw almost hit the floor and Emma made a stereotypical
  wide eyed round mouthed surprised look. Christ I had forgotten, Marcos had
  run off with my panties on the train, I resisted the strong temptation to snap
  my legs closed and die of embarrassment. Neither had looked up at me by this
  time so they were unaware I had caught them, I quickly looked down into my
  designs and ignored the situation as I slowly closed my legs and hid my pussy
  from their fixed gazes. For the remainder of the morning I reviewed the presentation
  and prepared copies of the documentation for the client to take away.  
At precisely one minute to 12:00pm my diary once again beeped
  at me warning me of my appointment for a dressing down with Sadler, I jumped
  up and immediately headed for his office. Knocking on the door, unusually there
  was no reply from his Nazi secretary Ms White, a typical fifty five year old
  maiden aunt, who guarded the inner sanctum of Sadler's lair as ferociously
  as Orth. Fearing the worst should I be tardy, I opened the door and stepped
  in, no Ms White. I checked the light above Sadler's door which glowed red indicating
  he was "in conference". I checked the main office and still no sight of Ms
  White, I walked over to Sadler's office door and raised my knuckles and was
  about to knock when I noticed the door slightly ajar, I hesitated and listened.
  I could hear two muffled voices then 'THWACK' &ndash; I jumped back from the
  door in surprise, I couldn't quite get a handle on the nature of the noise
  but for sure knew it was out of place in Sadler's office. Moments later a second
  'THWACK' then a third. Slowly I crept back to the door and peered into the
  tiny gap. Sadler was lying over the side of his desk with his trousers at his
  ankles and his head turned away from the door. Ms White, wearing only black
  fishnet stockings, a tiny thong and high heels, stood at his side with her
  back to me. In her right hand she wielded a mean looking broad leather strap
  decorated with metal stars, in her left hand she had Sadler's dick. Confident
  that I would not be spotted I gently pushed the door further open and took
  in the view in its entirety.  
"We've been bad boy today &ndash; Haven't we Pinky !" said
  Mistress White  
As she pumped furiously at his full erection Ms White landed
  another resounding 'THWACK' on Sadler's bright red rump.  
"Yes Miss &ndash; very bad" whimpered Sadler  
Initially I could barely contain my laughter at the comical
  sight I was beholding, not only did Sadler look ridiculous with his flabby
  old ass in the air but a stocking clad Ms White beating the shit out of him
  and him loving it. Gradually the humour dissipated and I was mesmerised by
  the pleasure Sadler was obviously feeling, after another five or six gut wrenching
  thwacks he spilled his seed over the desk and floor at his feet. I stepped
  back from the door and quickly made my way back to my desk. Prior to witnessing
  this incident I had always considered "that-kind-of-thing" somewhat perverted
  and failed miserably to see where the pleasure was to be had in inflicting
  or receiving pain, now I wondered.  
Ten minutes later when everyone had left for the canteen
  Sadler approached my desk  
"Ms Holden we had an appointment I believe"  
"Yes Mr Sadler " I replied " I did come to your office at
  precisely 12:00pm but you were &hellip;&hellip; er &hellip; busy" I smiled  
"I see &hellip; yes &hellip;well. I ..I was simply going
  to remind you of your duty to the firm to be punctual . Don't let it happen
  again." He stuttered and disappeared back to his lair.  
Boy what a morning, I reflected as I made my way to the
  restroom, just how much excitement can a girl take. The office was deserted
  by now and even the local supplier had no trade, as I passed the photocopier
  a devilish thought jumped into my head, uncharacteristically I acted upon it
  without further ado. I opened the lid of the copier, jumped up onto the glass
  plate and pressed the "COPY" button twice. Moments later two perfect replicas
  of my ass and pussy shot out of the side of the machine. Retrieving them from
  the tray I set off down the corridor for the ladies , as I sat on the loo I
  stared at the copy in my hand, I had never really seen myself before and was
  fascinated at how ugly my pussy looked. My minds eye had given me a perfectly
  symmetrical tidy attractive little pussy rather than this lop sided gaping
  slab of uncooked meat. Heading back to my desk I lifted my raincoat from the
  peg and threw it over my shoulders and headed out through reception in search
  of a bite to eat.  
O'Henry's was the closest pub to the office which served
  bar lunches, one of those hideous Irish theme pubs where all the staff are
  Australian. Sitting at the table in the bay window I perused the menu knowing
  full well I would order the Boxty once again, this supposedly traditional Irish
  stew was just about the only edible item available. A young girl who looked
  about twelve approached the table  
"Can I take your order Madame?"  
Jesus I was getting old. Moments later she returned with
  my gin and tonic and assured me my meal would follow shortly. Looking around
  I noticed three of my male colleagues enjoying a liquid lunch at the end of
  the bar, one of them caught my gaze and nudged the other two, I returned their
  wave of acknowledgement. Judging by the extent of the grin each of them was
  wearing I guessed they had been speaking to Daniel, which reminded me I really
  ought to do something about my lack of underwear. Hurriedly finishing my meal
  and downing the last of my gin, I handed my credit card over at the bar then
  set off back to the office. It was now 1:30pm and I had only thirty minutes
  before my client arrived. Back in the office I started to prepare the boardroom.
  By the time I had setup the projector and organised the copies of the documentation
  around the table it was almost time. Sadler always attended key account presentations
  and as anticipated he breezed into the board room at exactly 2:00pm. Moments
  later Sharon entered followed by the three representatives of J&amp;K Darwin
  Ltd one of our biggest clients. Sharon introduced them to Sadler as Mr Aitken,
  Ms Dawson and Ms Anderson, we all shook hands and I invited them all to take
  a seat. Aitken had to be in his mid fifties and smooth as they come, a St Tropez
  tan set off his head of well groomed silver hair, the creases in his dark pinstriped
  designer suit could easily have been used to slice the Sunday joint and the
  whole ensemble was garnished with an assortment of gold and diamond encrusted
  jewellery. The two bimbos on the other hand looked as if their combined ages
  may allow one of them to buy alcohol at the local off-licence and the garish
  outfits were blatantly purchased at the local flee market from some Indian
  trader who purchased his stock directly from his brothers sweat shop in Deli.  
Over the previous two weeks I had prepared a story board
  for a multimedia advertising campaign to promote Darwin's executive car sales
  arm. The presentation went well and Mr Aitken noted that his request to include
  beautiful young women had been tastefully implemented. Sadler was pleased and
  gave me a satisfied smile. The contract was ours and shooting was to begin
  as soon as possible &ndash; if not before, Sadler assured them that logistics
  would be handled tomorrow and shooting would  begin
  on Wednesday. After the contracts were signed we were finishing up the coffee
  that Sharon had provided and Aitken asked that he be informed where the shoot
  was to take place as he wished to attend.  
"Would love to see you in action!" he leered  
With that he lent under the table and ran his hand up inside
  of my thigh, I am not sure who got the bigger surprise as the tips of his fingers
  made contact with my naked pussy. He immediately pulled back and started to
  rise from his seat, the two Ms's giggled which until now was their only contribution
  to the afternoon's proceedings. As we all shook hands once more I reassured
  Aitken he would have the time and location for the shoot by close of play tomorrow
  and Sharon lead the procession back to the main reception where his uniformed
  chauffeur awaited.. As Aitken was leaving the main door he called over his
  shoulder  
"By the way honey &ndash; these two will be starring in
  the production &ndash; no problem I hope "  
" But Mr Aitken I'm not sure that the production team will&hellip;&hellip;.." I
  started to protest  
"There will be NO  problem at
  all Mr Aitken &ndash; bye for now" Sadler glowered at me.  
"Ms Holden the board room please!"  
Back in the board room Sadler invited me to sit in a chair
  he had pulled out from the table and sat facing me, knees almost touching.  
"Firstly Ms Holden I would like to congratulate you on your
  success today, you had obviously worked very hard to win Mr Aitkens new contract." He
  started  
"However I am not entirely sure I approve of some of the
  methods you used to win him over " he continued.  
"What on earth do you mean Mr Sadler &ndash; I felt I had
  dealt with the whole presentation very professionally "  
"Undoubtedly Ms Holden undoubtedly "  
"Then what did you disapprove of ?" I asked  
"Well Ms Holden I could not help noticing that when Mr Aitken
  did this "  
At which point he leaned forward and emulated Aitkens earlier
  antics. Much to my horror I did not react, in fact quite the opposite, I encouraged
  it by wriggling almost imperceptibly as his fingers touched my gaping pussy.
  Checkmate I thought! I pushed my chair back and stood up  
"We've been bad boy today &ndash; Haven't we Pinky !"  
His eyes widened as his lower jaw bounced off the floor  
"I wouldn't want to have to punish you for being naughty &ndash; now
  would I Pinky"  
With that I turned and walked back to my seat without looking
  back &ndash; I couldnt contain myself by the time I reached my desk and made
  some half hearted attempt to pretend to be laughing with Emma. This will go
  one of two ways I thought to myself &ndash; either I will have a P45 within
  the hour or my own office with "Senior Designer " on the door awaits me.  
It was now 4:00pm and in the hour that was to follow every
  male member of the staff made some excuse or other to speak to Daniel and invariably
  it would involve crouching at the side of his desk. For a select few I did
  open my legs and pretend not to be aware of the eyes fixed on my pussy but
  in the main they remained tightly closed. AT 4:55pm my computer notified me
  of yet another incoming email, I swithered as to whether or not to even look
  at the damn thing but eventually gave succumbed.  
"Dear Ms Holden,   
   
In accordance with company policy, on the signing
      of a major contract, the account executive responsible for securing the
      business will dine out at a restaurant of their choice at the company's
      expense. Given my own close association with this particular contract,
      both myself and Ms White will accompany you.   
   
Please see Ms White prior to leaving this evening
      to finalise arrangements.   
   
   
Once again may I offer my congratulations.   
   
Best Regards    
   
Benjamin Sadler"   
   
No P45 then I thought to myself smiling, you dirty old rascal
  Sadler. As I reached Ms Whites office she was busying herself preparing to
  leave for the evening, she lifted her head from the last of the filing and
  peered over her winged spectacles.  
"Mr Sadler and I are expecting you at ****** on ****** street
  at 7:00pm this evening and I don't think a refusal would go down very well
  young lady"  
"But that doesn't leave enough time to go home and change
  and&hellip;&hellip;"  
"Mr Sadler specifically asked for you to come as you are" she
  interrupted  
"Exactly as you are " she reiterated lifting her spectacles
  from her face.  
"Good for old Pinky  " I quipped,
  turned on one heel and strutted out.  
What the hell was I going to do for the next two hours.
  On the way back to my desk Emma and Daniel were huddled whispering to one another
  as usual when Emma suddenly broke away and lunge over towards me  
"Danny and I are going down O'Henry's for a drink before
  we gone home " she announced  
"Fancy a quickie!"  
"I may even have a drink" I retorted  
My wit left Daniel giggling and Emma puzzled. Given I had
  no better ideas as to how to pass the next two hours I reckoned it would be
  entertaining if nothing else.  
A Week in October   
Part X Emma needs attention    
 Entering O'Henry's we found the bay window table vacant
  and sat down, the child labourer from lunchtime quickly appeared and took our
  order. The three stooges were at the end of the bar again grinning and waving,
  it suddenly occurred to me that it was very likely that they had put Emma up
  to the invite, I smiled back and waved.  
"So &ndash; are you two fucking yet"  
For an eternity both of them stared at me, I stared back,
  as surprised by my question as they were, had I not heard it with my own ears
  I would never have believed it came from me, these were two junior staff members
  for christs sake. I broke the silence  
"And if not then why not" I said to no one in particular.  
Still no reply  
"Emma you really should do something for poor Daniel tonight,
  after all he has spent most of the day with a raging hardon"  
"You are still horny Daniel aren't you after spending all
  day gawping at my naked pussy!"  
At that, I slipped my hand under the table and let it rest
  in his lap, of course he was   excited and I grasped
  his erection through his trousers and gave a little squeeze. I sat back in
  my chair  
"Yep &ndash; Still hard as rock."  
"I have to say that with all the attention you two were
  paying to my little old pussy it did end up rather damp"  
By this time both of them were scarlet and their eyes bounced
  from one another then to me then back at each other.  
"Oh ! Bye the way I have a little present for you both "  
I reached into the inside pocket of my raincoat a pulled
  out the two photocopies I had made earlier.  
"Just in case you hadn't seen enough " I said as I handed
  one to each of them.  
As they unfolded the sheets of paper their eyes widened
  as they realised what they were looking at  
"Holy Shit !" exclaimed Daniel  
"I'll take that as a compliment Daniel &ndash; What about
  you Emma " I questioned  
"I ..em ..err Yeah Nice !!"  
" Nice - pretty or Nice - sexy or Nice &ndash; Id love to
  get my teeth in that " I teased  
"Eh&hellip; emm ...yeah &ndash; all three"  
For some unknown reason that particular answer coming from
  Emma made us all laugh and the atmosphere relaxed into a warm and friendly
  conspiratorial camaraderie. The next fifteen minutes or so was taken up with
  discussions about Emma' s current boyfriend Chas and Daniel's current girlfriend
  Michelle, turns out Emma has been humping like a bunny for years whereas Daniel
  had only managed it once with his previous girlfriend about eight months ago.
  Much to Daniels surprise and delight I cajoled Emma into admitting that she
  would love to be fucked by Daniel and that it was something she had been considering
  for a while. Daniel on the other hand was whining on about relationships, trust
  and fidelity.  
"She doesn't want to marry you Daniel &ndash; she just wants
  fucked" I said as I leaned over and grasped his erection again.  
"You telling me you don't want to get off right now?" I
  mocked.  
"Well yeah &hellip; but"  
"No buts &ndash; that's it settled then - leave this to
  me"  
Daniel slumped slightly in his chair as if resigning himself
  to the inevitable; Emma smiled broadly and let out a little girlish giggle.
  I knew neither of them had a place of their own and the flat was too far away
  to take them there and still be back in time for dinner, I considered the options.
  Outside darkness had crept into the city and the autumnal winds were beginning
  to gather pace, even at the height of desperation it would be a little too
  uncomfortable to bare ones ass out there. Rising from my seat I excused myself
  and headed for the ladies, I wasn't quite sure what to expect as I opened the
  swing door marked "leithreas na mban"  White ceramic
  tiles, floor to ceiling, was a good start, two brushed aluminium sinks set
  into a marble effect unit and an illuminated wall mirror directly above and
  two fully enclosed toilet stalls had been set against the back wall, utilitarian
  but perfectly clean, this will do. Returning to the table I was stopped by
  Groucho, Harpo and Zeppo, I had been careful during the course of the afternoon
  not to allow any of these sleaze balls a peep show although all three had tried.  
"Daniel tells us you are going commando today &ndash; is
  that true? " Groucho leered  
Without considering an answer I grabbed Harpo's hand and
  thrust it palm up under my skirt and cupped my pussy, I then used two fingers
  to insert his index finger right inside me, pulling his hand out I thrust it
  in Grouch's face  
"Ask him " I replied  
My stomach churned and my legs shook as I turned and walked
  back to my table. What the hell was I turning into &ndash; I couldn't possibly
  have just done what I think I did &ndash; could I?. Approaching the table I
  noticed that Emma had taken my place next to Daniel and was whispering in his
  ear, I intentionally sat between them and broke up the party.  
"You two do exactly as I tell you" I started "Daniel go
  up and speak to the Neanderthals at the bar and tell them Emma and I have gone
  home, after about five minutes make your excuses and tell them you are going
  to the loo, then home."  
"Emma get your coat, you are coming with me."  
Emma and I left the lounge through the main door and entered
  the public bar next door which I knew shared the same facilities in the adjoining
  corridor, we immediately headed for the ladies room. Once inside I was relived
  to see we were alone, I removed Emma's overcoat and hung it on the coat rack
  and herded her into the first cubicle. Emma seemed to be being swept along
  in the excitement which I imagine accounted for the constant giggling; I closed
  the cubicle door behind us and looked at Emma. Her skin tight hipster denims
  looked as if they had been spray painted on and her white satin cropped top
  left her pierced belly button exposed, with no bra her nipples were already
  clearly visible and already stiffening.  
"OK get the jeans off!"  
She popped the top button and the zipper found its own way
  down, after a few moments wriggling she managed to peel them over her ass and
  down to her knees, not surprisingly she was "commando" too, given how tight
  the jeans were you could probably have read the label on any panties she had
  worn. On her feet she was wearing knee length, laced up, black suede boots
  with a three inch heel, clearly the jeans were not going to go over the top
  of these so I forced them as far down to her feet as possible. Satisfied with
  my efforts I took a step back and looked at her, I could see the attraction
  for Daniel she was a good looking girl. Her 34C breasts were ample and pert,
  her waist and hips were pleasingly curvaceous and her tight little ass polished
  off the whole picture admirably. I took a step forward and cupped her plump
  little clean shaven pussy in the palm of my hand, I curled my index finger
  and it slid easily inside her  
"Daniel will love This " I smiled  
Emma said nothing but to my surprise lifted her hand under
  my skirt and copied my actions. She looked into my eyes and smiled.  
"And This !" she replied  
This time we both giggled. As I left the cubicle I told
  her to sit down and wait for me returning. The door to the gents was on the
  opposite side of the corridor about twenty yards closer to the bar area but
  as yet there was no sign of Daniel, however he needed to pass the ladies to
  get to the Gents so I left the door slightly ajar watching for him passing.
  As Groucho and one of the others passed I could hear I was still the topic
  of conversation  
"&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;a good fuck up the ass &hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.
  Bitch!" whined Groucho  
Moments later Daniel appeared, he was startled when I threw
  open the door and hauled him into the ladies. I kissed him on the cheek, took
  his hand and led him into the cubicle where Emma sat naked from the waist down.
  Poor Daniel struggled to maintain his composure and looked decidedly unsure.  
"Right Daniel this has to be a quickie so let's see what
  you've got to offer this young lady" I teased  
His protestations were quickly quelled as I leant forward
  and popped his top button and resembling a down trodden puppy he reluctantly
  obeyed my instructions to lower his trousers. Reservations or not, with his
  trousers at his knees it was impossible for him to hide the fact that he still
  had a raging hardon.  
"Donald Duck boxers as well" I chortled  
This time there was more resistance, so with a single swift
  tug on the left leg I dropped them to his knees. Now unable to maintain eye
  contact his head swivelled round and round the cubicle as if somehow we couldn't
  see him if he didn't look at us. We were presented with a fine specimen of
  young manhood which rose proudly from his groin, his ample scrotum was taught
  and obviously screaming to expel its creamy load.  
I squeezed into the side of the cubicle next to Emma and
  pulled Daniel forward so that Emma's gaze was only inches from his cock, I
  placed my hand on the back of Emma's head and gently pushed forward, she opened
  her mouth and engulfed the pulsing head of his dick. Next I lifted her right
  hand and wrapped her fingers around his stiff shaft and started to work her
  hand up and down its length. A few moments later Emma lifted her head, looked
  at me and was about to ask a question when a huge jet of sticky semen blasted
  her left cheek, initially unable to identify the source of the assault she
  turned and looked at Daniels dick only to blasted full on the face with another
  quart or two of spunk. I glanced up at Daniels to see his eyes forced tight
  shut and his clenched teeth bared like a frightened animal, white knuckled
  fists framed his young face as yet another spasm shot his cream into Emma's
  face, looking down at Emma I was unable to contain my laughter. The shocked
  look on her face was a sight to behold in its own right but add to that the
  man juice that was dripping from her nose and her chin and running from her
  forehead down over her cheeks, the whole scene looked farcical. A few moments
  later Emma released her grip on Daniels softening cock and she too saw the
  funny side and started giggling, as we both looked up at Daniel the sheepish
  look he was wearing only fuelled the hilarity and he too joined in the laughter.  
Within a few minutes we had all managed to compose ourselves
  and Emma had grabbed a wad of toilet paper and cleaned herself up. A moments
  awkward silence was the signal for the proceedings to continue and I pulled
  Emma far enough forward on the seat to allow easy access to her pussy. I opened
  her legs as wide as her restricted movement would allow and looked up at Daniel,
  Emma gasped as I inserted two fingers deep into her wet pussy and my thumb
  found her pleasure button, I stroked in and out a few times and as I withdrew
  Emma exhaled what seemed like considerably more breath than she could have
  inhaled. Straightening up I ran my sticky fingers around Daniel's lips and
  pushed them between his teeth and stroked his tongue  
"Now Daniel I think it is only fair that you return the
  favour" I contested  
With that I placed one hand on his shoulder and pushed him
  down onto his knees. He needed no further encouragement, instantly his face
  found the target and he was furiously lapping at her slick pussy. Had she been
  akin to Daniel it would all have been over in under a minute, fortunately that
  was not the case. With her head thrown back Emma's face muscles slackened as
  she succumbed to the primeval pleasure being offered to her, instinctively
  her hips thrust her pussy harder into Daniels attentions and I imagined her
  skin begin to tingle. As I watched her being driven further and further along
  the road to ecstasy she slowly opened her eyes and smiled up at me, the aura
  of peacefulness and contentment that surrounded this beautiful young woman
  made her look almost angelic, I recognised the feeling of bliss as your very
  soul swims towards the ultimate gratification. I smiled down at her and in
  a way envied the voyage of discovery she would chart over the coming years
  (until eventually her journey would lead her to her soul mate with whom she
  could eternally share the beauty of human union, she too would find her Andy).
  I snapped out of my daydreaming by the increased volume of the whimpering coming
  from Emma, I looked down to see Daniel now lapping directly at her clitty while
  stroking three fingers in and out of her pussy, still gazing up at me Emma
  had leaned back on one arm and was thrusting against every inward stroke of
  Daniel's fingers. Without warning her free hand slid up my skirt and found
  my soaking pussy, her fingers slid easily over my dampness. She explored the
  moist velvety folds of my lips with her finger tips running them round and
  round, as she brushed against my engorged clitty a bolt of high voltage electric
  current raced down my spine and out of my toes. The very tip of a slippery
  finger nudged at my sensitised anus before entering only a few centimetres.
  Her whimpering had turned to guttural groans and squawks and I realised what
  she was doing to me was entirely for her own pleasure and that my needs would
  have to wait. For agonising seconds Emma had gripped Daniels head tightly between
  her thighs, with a fistful of hair in either hand she was fucking his face,
  thrusting hard against him, finally her climax was upon her, devouring her
  spasm wracked body and consuming her consciousness, oblivious to her surroundings
  she screamed her ecstasy and welcomed in her ultimate gratification. When the
  after shocks had subsided Emma relaxed and slumped back against the wall releasing
  Daniel from her vice like grip, he filled his lungs to capacity with a long
  drawn out inhalation, an ever broadening grin spread rapidly over his face.
  The residue of Emma's satisfaction dripped freely from his chin  
"Holy Shit" muttered Emma "That's never happened before"  
It turned out that while Emma had indeed been sexually active
  for a number of years she had never had anyone eat her pussy let alone experience
  an orgasm through someone else's efforts. As Emma wallowed in the warm post
  orgasmic glow, I glanced down at Daniel and noticed his erection had re-appeared.  
"Looks like Daniel is ready to go again" I commented  
Taking Emma by the elbow I managed to manoeuvre her into
  a standing position and turned her around to face the back wall, bending over
  she was able to support herself with her hands on the toilet seat. Stretching
  the jeans wrapped around her ankles there was just sufficient leeway to allow
  on foot either side of the base of the toilet. Turning to Daniel, who was **********  
"I don't think you guys need me anymore"  
A Week in October   
Part XI Opportunity not to be missed    
Back in the corridor I turned right and headed towards the
  bar area, a Macallans would go down a treat right now I thought. I ordered
  my drink from an Alf Garnett look-alike whose bright red, blue veined nose
  made me wonder if the bar had ever  made any profit. I
  glanced up at the old wall clock above the bar 6:15pm the hands announced,
  plenty of time given that the restaurant was only a ten minute cab ride from
  here. When my drink arrived I devoured half in a single swallow, the familiar
  warm velvety feeling offered me hugs and security, it tasted of Andy. As I
  sipped the remainder of my drink I glanced around the room at "the usual suspects" who
  frequented the bars in this area at this time, a mixture of tradesmen finishing
  their shift and the employmentally challenged who spent most of the day there
  but only bought their own drinks on giro day. As I drained the final drops
  from my glass I checked the time once again 6:05pm. I checked again 6:05pm,
  staring at the clock didn't seem to explain the discrepancy.  
"Is that the correct time " I asked Alf  
Looking up at the clock he announced " Five to Seven love"  
"Its one of them clocks that goes backwards love" he smiled " Good
  aint'it"  
He strolled off chuckling to himself as he had done a thousand
  times before to strangers who had deemed to enter the sanctity of his kingdom.  
"Fuck &ndash; I've blown it !" came tumbling from my mouth.  
I threw the glass on the bar and hurriedly made my way back
  to the Ladies , just as I turned into the corridor I heard Groucho approaching
  from the other direction &ndash; not yet in view but very close. Unable to
  quickly think of a reasonable explanation for my presence after he had witnessed
  me leaving earlier , I jumped into the first available doorway and let the
  door swing closed behind me, I I held my breath and listened at the door, he
  was still approaching, I looked around for an alternative hiding place  
"Jesus H Christ !"  
I was in the Gents. I dove into the first available cubicle
  and sat down just as the main door swung open. Groucho entered whining about
  something to someone, they both relieved themselves at the long aluminium urinal
  along the side wall and continued to chatter. Unlike the Ladies Room the walls
  were covered in graffiti and the heavy toxic aroma of urine was almost unbearable.
  Outside taps were turned on, paper towels pulled from the dispenser and the
  eventually the main door swung open and closed again. I breathed a sigh of
  relief and stood up to leave when the handle to my cubicle rattled.  
"Sorry Mate" said the voice  
It was Groucho, he hadn't left at the same time as his whinging
  buddy. The door to the cubicle next to me rattled open, he entered and snapped
  the lock closed. I listened as clothing was undone and he sat down. Not relishing
  the thought of being in close proximity when the Neanderthal performed his
  necessary functions, I sat absolutely still and tried to conjure up pleasing
  images in my minds eye. Suddenly my peripheral vision picked up movement, I
  turned to see a wad of tissue wriggling in a hole about three inches in diameter
  in the wall between the cubicles, I watched fascinated as moments later it
  fell to the floor. A plumb stubby nicotine stained finger appeared through
  the hole  
"Hey Buddy" said the voice  
The intonation indicated no answer was required and that
  the owner of the voice was merely attracting my attention, as suddenly as it
  had appeared the finger disappeared and was replaced with a rolled up twenty
  pound note. It too fell to the floor, confused and curious I stared at the
  note, I looked back at the hole as a semi erect circumcised penis made its
  way to my side of the wall. The penny dropped, Groucho was paying to get off,
  I could hardly contain myself, eventually I had to cover my mouth and nose
  with both hands to stop my amusement being detected. This was too good an opportunity
  to miss, suddenly I had an idea and snapped up the banknote from the floor,
  rummaging in the inside pocket of my raincoat I dug out a pen and wrote "Sucked
  or Fucked ?". With the palm of my hand I gently eased his dick back through
  the hole and slipped the banknote ba through. I listened as he fumbled around
  and a few moments later the banknote re-appeared. I unrolled it to see "Sucked" had
  been written on the opposite side from my question. Stuffing the banknote into
  my pocket I lent forward and sucked the head of his dick into my mouth. As
  his erection fully developed I was able to grasp the shaft in my left hand
  and started to work it up and down, muffled groans emanated from next door.
  Hoping to get this over and done with as quickly as possible I increased the
  pace as soon as he was fully erect. Soon the groaning grew louder and the first
  traces of moisture oozed from the end of his dick. Just then the main door
  opened and someone entered, Groucho fell silent but I upped the pace and sucked
  more vigorously at the head. Taken by surprise, the first jet of seed blasted
  the back of my throat, I immediately pulled back out of the way but continued
  wanking , the second lot oozed out of the end and ran down my fingers to drip
  onto the floor. Already he was softening and pulling himself back through the
  hole. I released him, stood up and spat in the toilet &ndash; this was business
  not pleasure &ndash; I cleaned up with some tissue and sat down waiting for
  him to leave. Once he had recovered and arranged his clothing I heard his door
  unlock then the swing door open as he left, I breathed a sigh of relief and
  stood up, unlocked the door and step out of the cubicle.  
"You better not be stealing my tricks honey &ndash; this
  is my pub"  
I was immediately confronted with one of the least convincing
  transvestites I had ever seen, his shoulder length silvery white nylon wig
  framed his jet black African features, as he spoke his nostrils flared and
  his foul breath clambered over my nose and mouth leaving me almost giddy.  
"I got me an appointment at seven &ndash; you best not have
  stole it &ndash; I would have to cut you bitch " it squawked  
"No such luck sweetheart &ndash; ain't made a penny all
  day" I replied "You take care now!" I added as I pushed past and left.  
Fortunately the corridor was empty and I headed towards
  the ladies, even before I opened the door I could hear Emma in the throes of
  another orgasm. When I entered I was alarmed to see a middle aged woman wearing
  a camel overcoat and a headscarf wrapped around her grey hair, standing outside
  Emma's cubicle staring at the door. She hadn't heard me enter and jumped when
  I tapped her on the shoulder. The startled, guilty look on her face quickly
  changed to a smile as she nodded towards the cubicle door and lifted a finger
  to her lips signing me to be quite and listen. As Emma's squeals diminished
  there was a roar from Daniel as he obviously made it over the edge.  
"Lucky bitch" the woman smiled and disappeared back out
  into the corridor.  
Allowing them a few moments to recover I then knocked on
  the door  
"Its me Daniel &ndash; open the door"  
With a click the lock was opened and the door swung open,
  Daniel still had his dick firmly planted in Emma's pussy and was panting heavily.
  I closed the door behind me and turned to Emma.  
"How you doing sweetheart &ndash; Daniel taking care of
  you?"  
"Christ Stacey &ndash; he's come twice since you left and
  he's still hard" she exclaimed  
Daniel smiled and nodded in agreement.  
I pulled him back from Emma and sure enough his hard cock
  slurped and popped out of Emma's pussy. I turned him around to face me and
  put one hand on his shoulder and pushed him down to sit on the floor, I indicated
  for him to shuffle back until his back was against the toilet. Meanwhile Emma
  remained where she was, her naked ass and gaping pussy in full view, I placed
  my hand under Daniels chin and tilted his head back to rest on top of the toilet
  seat leaving him staring directly into Emma's spunk filled pussy.  
"You made the mess &ndash; You clean it up" I ordered  
With that I pressed down on Emma's back and she lowered
  her pussy onto his face. It was apparent that Daniel was partial to a little
  munching as he attacked it with the same vigour as before. Meanwhile I knelt
  down and took his hard dick in my right hand and started working it up and
  down. Contented moans from Emma confirmed she approved of my latest move as
  Daniel slurped and lapped like a puppy. As I watched my hand work his still
  hard dick I thought about Daniels situation, he had only ever had sex once
  and that was eight months ago and today he had managed to come three times
  in the space of an hour and was fast approaching another one. A few minutes
  later his stomach and thighs were twitching as he groaned into Emma's sloppy
  pussy, when he did come unsurprisingly he only managed a few dribbles of ejaculate,
  I guess he was running on empty.  
Once we had all cleaned up we left via the bar, I glanced
  up at the clock 5:30pm the hands lied &ndash; I was already 30 minutes late.
  Alf offered an insincere farewell as we stepped out into the blustery evening
  and I hailed a cab from the taxi rank across the road. As he swung around Daniel
  informed me that he and Emma were heading to another pub to talk and they would
  see me in the morning, as I kissed his cheek goodnight he whispered in my ear  
"Thanks Stacey"  
I hugged Emma and jumped into the back of the cab. After
  giving the driver the address I sat back and wondered how I was going to handle
  the rest of the evening, quite apart from the fact that I was now as horny
  as a nun in a cucumber patch, I knew that "Pinky"   would
  be furious at my tardiness.  
A Week in October   
Part XII Pinky's Club    
We pulled up outside the restaurant and the driver checked
  the meter and turned to me  
"That'll be &pound;8.50 love"  
As I rummaged around in my handbag I suddenly realised that
  I had not made it to an ATM, whats more I hadn't paid for Alf's drink, cheers
  Alf that one is on you. I looked up at the driver with the cutest little girl
  expression I could muster; the "Shit not another one" look on his face told
  me he knew what was coming next.  
"Keep the meter running &ndash; I'm only going to be ten
  minutes then I need to get back to ******" I stuttered  
Offering him my credit card  
"Here hang on to this till I get back"  
His face relaxed and he nodded, I had counted on the &pound;40
  run across town be sufficient incentive for him to stay, fortunately I was
  right. I jumped out of the cab and approached the smoked glass doors of Nick's.
  A uniformed doorman swung open the doors and ushered me to the Maitre'd station.  
"Good evening Madame &ndash; you have a reservation?" he
  asked politely  
"I am with the Sadler party " I informed him  
"Ah yes &ndash; this way please"  
I followed as he moved off into the main restaurant, judging
  by the d&eacute;cor the designer had visited Terrance Conan's place in Soho
  before he had taken the commission for this place. Minimalist adequately described
  the surroundings, all part of the current trend to leave plush comfortable
  surroundings to the masses and get the advantaged back to stone floors and
  wooden seats. Oh well that's progress I mused. As we approached Sadler's table
  it was obvious that they were just finishing the main course, to my surprise
  there were already five seated at the table and one vacant chair.  
"Mr Sadler sir - the last of your party has arrived". Announced
  the Maitre'd as pulled my seat out from under the table.  
I sat down and awaited my lecture.  
"Glad you could join us Mistress Holden" said Sadler  
"May I introduce my other guests"  
I glanced around the table waiting for him to begin, after
  a few seconds of silence I turned back and looked quizzically at Sadler.  
"May I ?" he repeated  
Now I was really confused, no lecture on tardiness - Mistress
  Holden &ndash; asking permission to speak &ndash; Like a bolt of lightning
  it struck me.  
"Oh do get on with it Pinky  " I
  ordered.  
The gamble paid off.  
"Very well Mistress" he started " You know Mistress Angela
  of course, to her left is Mistress Ami and next to you Mistress Elizabeth and
  on your right Master Dean"  
Goddamnit this was freaky.  
"Excellent Pinky  Now! champagne
  and some oysters for me I am famished "  
As Sadler instructed the waiter, who had since appeared,
  I glanced at each of my dinner companions in turn. Mistress Angela aka Ms White
  had certainly "scrubbed up not bad" as they say. She was appropriately attired
  in a long black velvet dress which was cinched around the waistline giving
  her a full hour glass figure, with her hair up and pinned with black velvet
  diamond studded clasps she looked quite stunning, particularly since she had
  ditched the winged spectacles.  
Mistress Ami was no more than twenty one I guessed. No mistaking
  her main attraction &ndash; a 36 EE bust which was wrestling with her low cut
  black taffeta gown and by the look of things the bust was winning and would
  be free any minute now. Her long blonde hair was in stark contrast to the pillar
  box red lips and nails, despite her lack of sophistication she was  very
  pretty. The middle aged Mistress Elizabeth was an entirely different kettle
  of fish, she oozed wealth and sophistication, her black sleeveless gown was
  of heavily embroidered raw silk, the black embroidery on the bodice depicted
  the silhouette of a prize steeplechaser with rider following the hounds over
  a boundary fence. Streams of blue white light bounced off the diamond choker
  around her neck and matching bracelet around her slim wrist. Her posture, poise
  and air of self confidence were definitely a product of Switzerland and old
  money. Master Dean was around my age but with the complexion of an 18 year
  old. Steely blue eyes crouched under jet black eyebrows and slicked back hair;
  he was a handsome rugby playing type who looked decidedly uncomfortable in
  a dinner jacket.  
So this was Sadler's sordid little private club and I had
  just been recruited, I felt as if I had just been shanghighed into a witches
  coven and any minute now I would be invited to sacrifice a virgin to the Lord
  Lucifer. Thinking about it, I considered Sadler rather brave for taking the
  chance that I would be at all interested or worse still freely distribute my
  new found knowledge throughout the office but on further consideration he could
  always fire me depending on my reaction tonight so perhaps the risk wasn't
  so great after all. My thoughts were interrupted by the waiter delivering six
  fresh oysters served on a bed of rocket and crushed ice and a flute full of
  bubbling champagne. Master Dean lent over and lifted one of the halves of lemon
  and squeezes the juice over the oysters, lifting a single barnacle encrusted
  shell he placed it to my lips and tipped the contents into my mouth. As the
  meaty morsel slid into my mouth, revealing the silvery blue luminescent interior
  of the shell, the Atlantic Ocean exploded on my tongue.  
"My Lords , Ladies and Gentlemen &ndash; Prey silence for
  our speaker"  
An officious looking MC boomed from behind our table. Sadler
  stood and cleared his throat.  
"May I begin by saying what an honour it is to be here tonight,
  as Chief Slave to Mistress Elizabeth I have been instructed to remind all assembled
  that the soir&eacute;e arranged for Wednesday evening will commence promptly
  at 7:30pm. All whom require transport to Bayswater Hall should make themselves
  know to the Maitre'd . In addition you are reminded that the dress code will
  be, as usual, outrageous &ndash; Please enjoy the rest your meal and please
  feel free to utilise the facilities around the room"  
Damn &ndash; he was addressing the whole restaurant, maybe
  Sadler's little group was bigger than I thought. As I allowed my gaze to travel
  through the room I realised that everyone at the two dozen or so tables was
  dressed very similarly, predominantly in black . Every five metres or so around
  the periphery of the room there stood people, alternate men and women, wearing
  long black cloaks and waitresses in stereotypical French maid uniforms hurriedly
  went about the business of serving and clearing tables. Studying the individuals
  seated at the tables I came to the conclusion that every walk of life was herein
  represented, from plumbers mate to QC to aristocracy. Pondering over the soiree
  scheduled for Wednesday evening I turned to ask Mistress Elizabeth for more
  detail, looking round at her I was surprised to see her already leaning over
  towards me and before I could speak  
"Do arrive around 7:15pm and Wednesday darling, I should
  require to give some instructions on etiquette and standards. I have instructed Pinky  to
  purchase an appropriate costume for you from "Submissions", please ensure he
  has your details. Jackson will pick you up at home at 6:45pm"  
With that she turned away and spoke to Mistress Ami. Well
  I guess that was settled then &ndash; I will be going to the ball. A tap on
  my right shoulder startled me and I swung around  
"Care to make use of the facilities ?" Master Dean enquired  
Without waiting for an answer her raised his hand and pointed
  to one of the young ladies standing around the outside of the room. She acknowledged
  his beckoning and headed towards us. As she reached the table she untied the
  neck of the cape and allowed it to fall open revealing her almost naked body
  underneath. Around her waist she wore a thick leather belt which was studded
  all the way round with two inch steel hoops, leather straps around her wrists
  and ankles were similarly adorned. Her long blonde hair reached down to her
  pierced nipples which were connected by a silver chain. She stood expectantly,
  awaiting further instruction,  
"This one loves pussy." Master Dean chortled and turned
  to me  
"Eh&hellip;. Not at the moment thanks" I replied, as if
  refusing a refill of champagne  
"No point in wasting it then " He smiled  
Looking up at the girl he pointed under the table, she instantly
  crawled under and sat between his knees. Dean returned to a conversation he
  had obviously been having with Sadler earlier as the girl unzipped him and
  pulled out his semi hard cock. I watched as she sucked and rubbed at his hardening
  cock. As he became fully erect she bounced her head up and down on his shaft
  till his cock was fully implanted deep in her throat, after two or three minutes
  of bobbing up and down Dean suddenly halted his conversation with Sadler and
  turned to the girl who stopped what she was doing and looked up at him.  
"Watch your fucking teeth bitch!" as he slapped her hard
  across the face.  
I stared as a huge wield started to rise across her cheek.  
"Sorry Master" she apologised and continued to service him.
  Dean went back to his conversation.  
Momentarily stunned by what I had just witnessed, my glances
  bounced between Dean and the girl. I jumped as the Maitre'd leaned over my
  shoulder to attract my attention.  
"Your cab driver wants to know if he is still required Mistress"  
"Yes&hellip;Yes I'll come right away" I stuttered.  
Rising from the table I bade farewell to the company in
  general promising to meet again on Wednesday and made my way towards the exit,
  by now there were a good few gaps in the string of slaves surrounding the tables
  but none was visible, presumably hunched under tables around the room.  
A Week in October   
Part XIII Pay The Driver    
"Thanks for waiting " as I jumped into the back of the cab.  
"Its ok luv &ndash; last fare tonight &ndash; packing it
  in early. Where to?" he asked  
I gave him the address and sat back.  
"Listen luv I am going back that way anyway &ndash; if I
  keep the meter running it's gonna cost you around &pound;80, . why don't I
  switch the damn thing off and charge &pound;40 and we both make something out
  of it" he bargained  
"Sure - it's a deal" I smiled  
"Gotta make one quick stop on the way &ndash; if that's
  ok"  
I nodded and we set off and I gazed out at the busy streets
  and the busy people leading their busy lives. I thought of Andy, in the less
  than 48hrs since he had gone I had seen and done things I would never have
  dreamt of, it seemed as if I were constantly horny and the merest suggestion
  of any  opportunity to engage in any  sort
  of sexual activity was irresistible. Even now as my naked ass slithered around
  on the leather cab seats I could feel the need beginning to build.  
"Busy day luv &ndash; you look miles away"  
"You could say that &ndash; Just thinking about hubby &ndash; he's
  gone off to Portugal for the week &ndash; lucky sod "  
"Business is it ?"  
"Bloody golf"  
We both laughed &ndash;  
"Well at least you got one &ndash; lost the old dear year
  past April" he sighed "Home to an empty bed every night "  
"Sorry "  
"Naw no probs luv &ndash; I do miss her though "  
For a few seconds he gazed out into the cold night obviously
  digging up images of his lost love from the dimming memories. Then turning
  with a huge grin  
"Especially for some things &ndash; if you know what I mean" he
  chuckled  
"Surely you don't go in for that nonsense any more " I added
  teasingly.  
"Bloody right I would, given half a chance &ndash; I'm only
  fifty five for christs sake" he retorted  
"Tried the ladies down at King Cross about eight or nine
  months ago, but its just not the same when they ain't into it &ndash; know
  what I mean &ndash; just a job to them - like doing one of them blow up dolls"  
"I'm sure you'll get lucky soon"  
Seeing only the back of his head it was difficult to get
  an accurate picture of the driver but he looked about 5' 8", stalky and probably
  carrying a little extra eight. His dark hair was shot through with silver streaks
  and worn in a sixties Teddy boy style and he smelled of "Brylcreme" and "Old
  Spice". Not too bad for his age I thought, he shouldn't find it too difficult
  to get himself laid.  
With the conversation dying off I sat back closed my eyes
  and relaxed, and mulled over the days events;, Nina and Marcos on the tube,
  Mr Half-Moon also on the tube, Ms White and Mr Sadler in his office at lunchtime,
  Mr Aitken and his bimbo's in the boardroom , Daniel and Emma in the ladies,
  Groucho in the gents and finally the a guest at the most bizarre dinner where
  sexual gratification was actually on the menu. After revisiting each of the
  incidents in turn  
"Stacey your are tuning into a real tramp" I muttered and
  giggled out loud.  
"What's that luv?" from the drivers seat.  
"Oh nothing &ndash; just amusing myself"  
"Well watch out for my seats " he chuckled.  
I smiled and headed back into the days events welcoming
  the delightful images flashing in my brai, encouraging more and more detailed
  memories of Marcos fucking my ass, of Daniel sucking and lapping at Emma's
  dripping pussy, of Deans brutal assault on the slave girl when I was suddenly
  wrenched from my pornographic slideshow  
"Only be a &hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;. "  
My eyes flashed wide open to see the driver had turned around
  and was staring at my crotch, I looked down to discover my hand caressing my
  naked wet pussy. Instantly I jerked my hand away and lowered my skirt, obviously
  avoiding any embarrassment the driver quickly turned back around in his seat.  
"Only be a couple of minutes in here Luv &ndash; unless
  you fancy a quick cuppa"  
I looked out of the window, we had stopped at what looked
  like a transport caf&eacute;, several lorries were parked beside a low level,
  flat roofed, purpose built caf&eacute; in the middle of nowhere.  
"Where are we? "  
"The stop I had to make &ndash; its only five minutes off
  the route home Luv &ndash; no panic."  
"Eh.. yeah .. yeah.. I'll be there in a minute&hellip;.
  Get me a white coffee will you?"  
Closing the door he strolled the twenty five yards to the
  main entrance and disappeared inside, a bright red neon sign flickered "C FE" in
  the plate glass window. Taking a few minutes to compose myself I leaned forward
  and checked my hair and makeup in the drivers rear view mirror, jumped out
  of the cab and headed after him. Opening the door I was surprised by the number
  of people inside, four formica topped tables each with four steel framed seats
  lined the walls on either side of the room.  
"Coffee's here Luv"  
The driver, who was sitting with three others at the farthest
  away table on the left pointed to the only unoccupied table available which
  was directly opposite. I walked over, sat down and lifted the mug of coffee
  already on the table. Glancing over at the driver I saw him accept a package
  from one of the others, it was about the size of a house brick but slightly
  wider and was wrapped in brown paper, my curiosity had been pricked, I went
  back to sipping my coffee. A few moments later as I turned to ask the driver
  where the restroom was, I realised all four at the table were now looking across,
  I guessed I had been the topic of their huddled mutterings. All four looked
  around the same age and to be honest they all looked like taxi drivers, but
  then I guess if you frequented this place you did have  to
  be a driver and it certainly wouldn't attract many tourist.  
"Just gonna put this in the car Luv &ndash; ready whenever
  you are"  
All four rose from the table and headed outside. I scanned
  the room for any clues to the restrooms and spotted assign in the corner behind
  me, I rose and headed in that direction.  
"I wouldn't go in there Luv" said a voice from behind the
  counter.  
"We've only got the one &ndash; and this lot ain't the cleanest" she
  said pointing to the general custom.  
"Don't get many ladies in here you know"  
A four foot square pensioner with a whitish coat and string
  cap covering her silver hair peered over the counter.The anguished look on
  my face obviously revealed that my need to relieve myself was possibly greater
  than any offence caused by the state of the facilities, as I looked from her
  to the restroom door then back at her. A moments consideration saw the expression
  on her face changed to that of a concerned mother  
"Come ere Luv" as she lifted a section of the formica counter
  top. "In here"  
She lead the way through to what looked like a small food
  preparation area behind the main counter,  
"There you go &ndash; ain't ideal but its what I use" she
  said pointing to the concrete floor which sloped in on all sides to a drainage
  grill in the centre. She turned and went back the way she came.  
What the hell, I thought as I squatted over the drain and
  emptied my bladder. A few seconds later she returned with a bucket of water
  and as I exited she sloshed the contents over the floor. Thanking her and making
  my way towards the exit I wondered how the Foods Standards Agency would view
  that particular practice &ndash; Out in the car park the driver and his three
  friends were huddled around the drivers door peering in, unaware of my approach
  I listened in on their conversation which seemed to be centred on whatever
  they were peering at. As I finally reached them I managed to peer over their
  shoulders and froze, there on a two inch monitor fixed below the dashboard,
  was a recording of our journey to the caf&eacute; taken from the viewpoint
  of the driver looking into the back of the cab. Horrified I continued to watch
  as images of me with my eyes closed and playing with my pussy rolled across
  the screen, I opened the back door and jumped into the cab slamming the door
  behind me. All four jumped back in fright, I could no longer see the monitor
  but assumed the driver had turned it off. The back door opened and a sheepish
  looking driver stepped forward  
"Eh.. Sorry Luv! It&hellip;its just that the company installed
  these for security reasons &hellip;. A lot of guys were getting mugged and &hellip;.well &hellip; well
  Jesus its not everyday I get a beautiful women trying to get herself off in
  the back of my cab&hellip;. And well &hellip;. Sorry."  
Looking like four school boys who had just been caught with
  a dirty magazine on school grounds they stared in at me expectantly, I reckon
  they thought I would complain to the boss or worse, they looked so pathetic
  that all I could do was laugh.  
A synchronised sigh of relief left them looking at one another
  and smiling.  
"While we are on the subject of your misdemeanour &ndash; whats
  in the packge " I said pointing to the front seat.  
"Hope its not drugs"  
"Christ NO ..NO damn I ain't that stupid" he said somewhat
  alarmed  
"No their just some DVD's that Bill here gets &ndash; one
  of his runs is from a studio that makes this stuff to the factory that presses
  the DVDs &ndash; he stops off home and makes a copy before delivering them"  
He thrust the package at me. As I started to tear open the
  brown paper  
"It a bit dodgy like Luv &ndash; it aint Disney" they all
  burst out laughing  
Inside there were three blank DVD covers &ndash; I opened
  the first and scribbled across a RW-DVD in black ink was the title "Gangbang
  Shoot Out". Opening the next one I read "Exploits of a SheMale"  
The final one title was slightly more vague but I assumed
  of the same ilk "In for the night".  
"I shall have to confiscate these, they are obviously flouting
  the copyright laws and as such should remain in my safekeeping until the opportunity
  presents itself to return them to their rightful owner."  
The group fell silent.  
"Furthermore, I will expect prompt delivery of all further
  transgressions by whomsoever is the perpetrator of this unlawful activity"  
Still uncertain they glanced around at one another, saying
  nothing. I could no longer contain myself and burst out laughing.  
"I want copies you dickheads" I spluttered barely able to
  speak  
"Christ Gal you had me going I can tell you &ndash; thought
  you was the law or some'it" one of them confessed.  
"Jesus Arthur where the fuck d'you pick this one up &ndash; outside
  Jonglers or some'it &ndash; right fucking comedian &ndash; damn it gal thought
  we was busted there." Said another.  
"Right guys &ndash; you saw the recording" I started " Trying
  to get off was the right expression &ndash; you will have noticed that as yet
  I was unsuccessful"  
"So who wants to buy some pussy tonight? " I went on  
"Buy?" Arthur queried.  
"Yep you want to ride in this cab tonight you pay what the
  meter says &ndash; no deals &ndash; what does the meter read?" I asked  
"&pound;40" one of them replied.  
"Well there you go &ndash; so who is first &ndash; Arthur
  will collect the fares."  
I slid my ass off the front of the seat and lay back, pulled
  up my tiny skirt and looked out at the four of them. After a couple of minutes
  of uncertainty and discussions among them one of them jumped in beside me.
  He was already dropping his trousers and freeing his semi hard cock, kneeling
  on the floor in front of me he guided the end of his cock to my pussy. Even
  although he was not fully erect he slid in easily, leaning forward over me
  he supported himself with his hands on the back of the seat. Closing my eyes
  I let the warm filling sensation flow over me, his cock felt good as it slowly
  slid in and out wet pussy, gradually he reached full erection and began thrusting
  more vigorously. All too quickly his low groans transformed into short pants
  as the length of his thrusts shortened and the frequency increased, he gave
  a warning of his impending orgasm and tried to withdraw, I grasped his buttocks
  and thrust my hips forward and threw my legs around the small of his back in
  order to keep him deep within me as he spilled his seed. Withdrawing his softening
  cock left my pussy gaping and a tiny silver stream of his ecstasy trickled
  down my ass. Without opening my eyes I welcomed in my next fare, an already
  fully erect cock was thrust to the hilt in a single stroke making me gasp in
  surprise and pleasure. Grasping his hairy buttocks with both hands I pulled
  him hard into me and locked my feet behind his back , instructing him not to
  move I began grinding against him, I need to come. Crushing my clit against
  his pubic bone I knew my goal would not be far away, after several minutes
  of grinding and milking his cock, the first waves of pleasure struck, releasing
  him from my grip and allowing him the freedom of movement  
"Fuck me &hellip; Fuck meeeee !" I screamed.  
Immediately he started pounding into me, ramming his cock
  as far inside as he could in long hard strokes, my orgasm hit full force and
  I sprayed his groin with come, spasms gripped my muscles as my screams of ecstasy
  filled the cab. After several minutes of submitting totally to the overpowering
  forces invading me, tiny tendrils of consciousness wriggled through my brain.
  Grunts from above alerted me to the fact that I was still impaled on the rigid
  cock, the pace had quickened and the thrusts were almost vicious. Gripping
  my ankles he threw my legs over his shoulders and half stood affording himself
  even more leverage against my pussy, each forward thrust almost lifted me from
  the seat.  
"Yessssss&hellip;.. Yes Bitch Yessss&hellip;."  
Was followed by a sea of red hot come deep in my pussy,
  every muscle in his body went rigid as he ground himself into me, deafening
  soulful screams of release revealed a desperate need had finally been fulfilled.
  Collapsing on top of me he dragged oxygen rich air into his lungs, sweat dripped
  onto my neck, his heart beat rapidly on my breast and intermittent tremors
  bristled up and down his body. Lying there silent and motionless for several
  minutes I grew concerned for his condition  
"Come on Joe &ndash; Me next" from outside the cab  
"Holy Shit" Joe retorted as he plugged back into reality.  
Still with my eyes closed I listened as Joe forced his exhausted
  frame out into the cold night air, seconds later my ankles were lifted so high
  in the air that the souls of my feet touched the cab ceiling. Even before I
  had adjusted to the position my pussy was filled with rigid cock. Whoever was
  attached to it shuffled forward until his naked thighs touched my buttocks.
  His hands felt rough against my ankles and the smell of oil permeated the atmosphere.
  Within seconds he was fucking me wildly, thrusting and banging for all he was
  worth it was obvious he had no intentions of making this last any longer than
  was absolutely necessary to get off. To my surprise I felt movement on the
  seat next to me and the familiar aroma of Old Spice wafted across my nostrils.
  The driver had crawled into the seat beside me, a firm hand gripped my chin
  as a slippery cock was forced between my teeth. Obviously now on his hands
  and knees across the seat his dick was directly above me and demanding entry
  into my throat, reaching up I grasped his balls in one hand and the shaft in
  the other and started suckling greedily. Already the cock fucking my pussy
  so desperately was nearing its finale as witnessed by the string of mutterings
  and whimpers its owner was emitting, a further several minutes elapsed and
  I became aware of my feet back on the floor of the cab and the cock in my pussy
  was gone, presumably he had achieved his primary objective and left. Redoubling
  my efforts on the driver I was rewarded with a steady flow of spunk, squeezing
  his balls hard and sucking and swallowing as fast as I could he was soon empty
  and softening. I lay down across the seat exhausted and called after the driver
  as he left  
"Home James"  
A Week in October   
Part XIV Closet Neighbours    
Awakening with a start I was momentarily disoriented and
  quite unable to identify my surroundings  
"We're here luv"  
Leaning up on one elbow I saw the driver peering into the
  back of the cab and smiling down at me, through the side window I could see
  the main entrance to my building, I smiled back at him. Glancing down I could
  see my skirt still up around my waist and my legs splayed as far apart as the
  space would allow, one leg was flopped on the floor and the other pulled up
  and resting against the back of the seat, glancing at the driver I could see
  his stare now fixed on my gaping pussy and the pool of come that had collected
  on the seat, laying my head down again with the intentions of allowing a moment
  or two to re-orientate I was suddenly blasted by a rush icy wind as the back
  door was jerked open. Lifting my head I tried to focus on the two figures standing
  outside but the wind had brought streams of tears to my eyes, sitting up I
  slammed the door closed and dabbed at my tears with my blouse. A cold slimy
  sensation spread around my buttocks and down my thighs, the night air had chilled
  to cab, looking out of the window the two figures gradually came into focus.
  Jeremy and Simon from the 1 st  floor stood open mouthed
  and staring back in at me, I smiled and waved. The driver rolled down his window
  and obviously told them he was finished for the evening and they slowly sidled
  down the street still staring into the cab. The driver turned back to me and
  handed me a wad of notes  
"Here's the fare luv"  
"And the tape " I said smiling.  
He reached under his seat and clicked the eject button on
  the miniature VCR, the machine clicked and hummed as it spat out the evidence.
  Reaching for a business card from the dash he handed me both  
"Take my number in case you need another cab"  
"I'll see you again when you deliver the next batch of DVD's" I
  said smiling "And bring your mates &ndash; oh ! except the mechanic"  
Gathering up my coat, handbag and package of DVD's I jumped
  out into the icy wind and ran up the steps to the security door, just as I
  punched in the number and pushed the door open Jeremy and Oliver appeared behind
  me  
"Sorry about that Stacey &ndash; we thought it was empty
  and he had stopped for us &ndash; really sorry"  
 "Hope I didn't frighten you &ndash; I guess its not often
  you two see a pussy full of baby seed" I added with a dead pan expression.  
Staring at me they both looked uncertain as to how to interpret
  what I had just said, unfortunately after only a few moments I was unable to
  maintain the straight face and burst out laughing, glancing at one another
  Simon said in astonishment  
"You knew we were gay ? &hellip;..But we haven't told anyone &ndash; not
  even our parents"  
While neither was effeminate or camp the notion that no
  one knew they were gay left me practically helpless, Jeremy, a civil servant
  at Whitehall, and Simon, something in banking, had lived in the building since
  before we had moved in five years ago, to my knowledge, and supported by those
  in the building who made it their business to know such things, no woman had
  ever been seen entering or leaving. The minimalist d&eacute;cor in their immaculately
  kept flat would be the envy of any daytime TV interior designer, they made
  their own window dressings and soft furnishings and between them they could
  put Nick Rhodes to shame in the kitchen. The stereotypical view of a homosexual
  couple was not an amalgam of traits and behavioural deviations from the macho
  image, it was an accurate description of Simon and Jeremy. Several minutes
  later after I had gained a modicum of self control I realised my laughing had
  done more than just make my ribs ache, looking down I could see the torrent
  of semen trundling down the insides of both legs. By this time the boys had
  also noticed, the shocked looks on their faces was more than I could take and
  once again I was laughing uncontrollably, eventually they both joined in.  
With a fine young man one each arm we all headed for the
  stairs in a cloud of YSL's finest cologne, climbing stairs, while trying only
  to move your legs from the knee down proved impossible so every step I took
  replenished the stream running down my legs.  
"No need to ask if you had a good time tonight" grinned
  Jeremy  
"Well I guess you would have enjoyed it too &ndash; four
  guys fucked my brains out " I laughed  
"Your kidding"  
"No shit &ndash; I've even got the tape to prove it" I added "Not
  that you guys would want to see it"  
"To be perfectly honest " Jeremy confessed " I cant say
  I wasn't effected by your little show in the taxi"  
"Well Well Well " I quipped "How about you Simon? Pussy
  give you a buzz?"  
"I'm not sure &hellip; I was just shocked&hellip; I didn't
  really look  it was more of an impression really"  
"Perhaps we can rectify that one of these days" I teased "But
  right now I really need a shower and a drink"  
Leaving them on the first floor landing I carried on up
  to the apartment, opening the door I hung up my coat and dumped everything
  on the side table in the hall. Checking the answer machine I saw there were
  two new messages, I pushed the play button and headed down to the bathroom  
"Hi sweetheart &ndash; just Mum &ndash; give me a call &ndash; nothing
  urgent just catching up &ndash; Bye!"  
Mum and Dad stayed (somewhere in wales) and I did not really
  see them as often I as should, I made a mental note to call her tomorrow during
  the day, it was dads birthday in a couple of weeks and I must organise a visit.
  Reaching the bathroom I turned on the shower and started to undress.  
"You there Stace ? Stacey pick up if your there - its me"  
Message number two floated down the hall, it was Andy and
  he sounded agitated.  
"It's ok honey I'll try again later "  
The machine clicked off. He knows. I felt uncomfortable,
  not upset, not worried about the future, just uncomfortable. I climbed into
  the bath and under the shower and assumed the position against the wall, one
  hand either side of the shower head supporting me, the warm clean water smothered
  my tired body and I watched as the aches and pains of the day disappear down
  the drain. Quite suddenly and alarmingly I realised the origins of my discomfort,
  not that Andy wouldn't understand, not that I had been unfaithful, not that
  I was becoming addicted to sex, in actual fact the opposite, I didn't want
  to stop!. Hearing his voice had made me realise that Andy's return would hail
  the end of my little adventure into new experiences, for the first time since
  we had met I didn't want to be with Andy.  
After lathering down and washing my hair I lifted the shower
  head from the wall and sat down on the edge of the bath, directing the stream
  at my pussy I let the water soothe my aching womanhood. Although I had always
  kept my pubic hair well trimmed, as I looked down at myself I thought of Chloe's
  naked pussy. Looking around I found Andy's razor and two minutes later I was
  bald as the day I was born, satisfied with the results I ran the palm of my
  hand over the smooth velvety skin, the sensation was delicious.  
Stepping out of the shower I wrapped my hair in a towel
  just as the door bell rang, with no intentions of answering I wandered naked
  towards the front door to peek through the security spy glass. Simon's distorted
  face was peering back at me and then replaced by a bottle of wine. Standing
  behind the door I opened it a few inches to see Simone and Jeremy smiling in
  at me  
"We just bought a case of this Australian Shiraz recently,
  its absolutely gorgeous, thought you might like to try some"  
Remaining hidden I opened the door sufficiently to allow
  them entry  
"Straight through and the lounge is on the right " I called
  after them."I'll get some glasses, take a seat"  
Neither turned around as I followed and veered off into
  the kitchen, reaching for a corkscrew from utility drawer and three glasses
  from the cupboard, I turned to head for the lounge. Pausing momentarily I considered
  whether or not to grab a bathrobe before going into the lounge, I decided to
  have a little fun instead.  
"here's the glasses"  
Placing them on the coffee table I and handed the corkscrew
  to Simon sitting next to Jeremy on the sofa.  
"This better be good" I smiled  
Sitting cross legged in the chair directly opposite the
  sofa I began towel drying my hair  
"You caught me in the shower &ndash; hope you don't mind"  
When I looked over I realised neither of them had moved
  a muscle since I had entered, they were frozen in unnatural positions as if
  someone had clicked the pause button on the VCR of life.  
"Am I getting some of this delicious wine or not"  
My words seemed to have triggered the PLAY button and both
  were instantly re-animated.  
"Of course " Simon stuttered and attempted to open the wine.  
Tossing the towel aside and casually running my fingers
  through my hair  
"So you guys are up to watch the video then I take it ?" I
  asked  
"That's not why &hellip;&hellip;well&hellip;..we didn't &hellip;..well&hellip;..
  yes please" Jeremy almost protested  
Rising from the chair I went out to the hall table and lifted
  the video, retuning to the lounge I threw the cassette on the sofa next to
  Jeremy  
"Video is over there &ndash; I've got to go dry my hair
  before it ends up in knots" and left the room.  
Ten minutes later, hair dried and wrapped in a bathrobe
  I went back to the lounge, neither acknowledged my entrance but sat staring
  at the 36" pictures of me being fucked senseless. On screen the mechanic was
  holding my legs in the air and pounding my pussy as the driver fucked my face.  
"Any chance of an Oscar nomination do you think ?" I asked  
Both heads whipped round only just realising that I had
  returned  
"I would sure as hell vote for it " smiled Jeremy.  
Sitting down on the chair I lifted the glass of wine obviously
  intended for me and took a sip  
"Very nice &ndash; I approve" as I titled the glass towards
  the boys  
"So are we watching this to the final credits or is there
  something else you'd like to do?" taking another sip of wine but not losing
  eye contact with them. Without waiting for an answer  
"Jeremy why don't you crawl over here and have a proper
  look rather than just an impression  " still holding his
  gaze I hooked one leg over each of the arms of the chair and slid forward in
  the seat, the bathrobe fell over the sides of the chair and my naked hairless
  pussy gaped at them. Without hesitation Jeremy fell forward on to his knees
  and crawled over to within a few inches of my pussy, as he stared at me I reached
  down and pulled back the outer lips revealing the moist velvety inner folds.
  I watched him as he watched me teasing my clitty, running the tip of a finger
  over and over the hardening bump occasionally plunging a finger inside and
  dragging it back over the sweet spot. Several minutes of this induced a trickle
  of juices from my pussy, Simon had had by now crawled over beside us and now
  had one hand on the back of Jeremy's head,  
"Have a taste Jeremy " He whispered as he pushed his face
  closer to me.  
Simon watched intently as Jeremy's tongue flicked out and
  rolled over , in and around my clean shaven pussy, the sensation on my newly
  exposed skin was electrifying. As Jeremy moaned and slurped and drank down
  my juices I continued to rub my clitty with increased vigour, Simon stood up
  and unzipped his trousers and fished out an already fully erect cock. Staring
  down at Jeremy thrusting his tongue deep in my pussy Simon wrapped his right
  hand around his cock and started to fist up and down, quickly the pace increased
  and within a few moments he had shuffled across to bring his cock level with
  Jeremy face and with a final cry of release he shot several streams of hot
  slimy come over my pussy and belly which were instantly consumed by Jeremy.
  On the verge of my own orgasm I was momentarily distracted by the telephone
  ringing, deciding not to cease the onslaught on my clitty I was unable to hold
  on any longer and came in torrents into Jeremy's mouth, through his gulping
  and swallowing Jeremy moaned continuously. A few minutes later Jeremy kneeled
  up between my legs gasping for breath, his face covered in slime from Simon
  and I, Simon dropped to his knees and unzipped Jeremy , pulling out his cock
  he began wanking him very fast, Jeremy's head tilted back and within ten to
  fifteen strokes he shot a huge spray of white spunk over my naked body which
  drew a sticky line from my cleavage to my pussy, a second load reached my face
  and finally a third hit my pussy full on. Simon wasted no time in thrusting
  his face between my splayed legs lapping, sucking and cleaning. Giving Simon
  sufficient time to thoroughly clean me I lowered my legs back onto the seat.  
"Well Well Well Boys" I smiled " Seems that pussy does have
  a certain attraction"  
Sitting back on the sofa with their softening cocks hanging
  out of their trousers they both smiled back at me.  
Stnding up and lifting my wine glass  
"Really must be off to beds now guys &ndash; thank you for
  a pleasant evening" As I ushered them both to the front door.  
"Next time I'll be looking for a bit more than just a tongue,
  so go practice" I laughed and closed the door behind them. Turning to the answer
  machine I clicked the play button  
"Stace &hellip;.Stace&hellip; you there"  
"Jesus Stace where the fuck are you ?" "I'll call you tomorrow
  at work &ndash; I need to talk to you"  
This wasn't like Andy at all, he was always calm and controlled,
  infuriatingly so sometimes, he never losses the place but this time he did
  sound distressed. Crawling into bed I fell into a deep dreamless sleep within
  minutes.  
A Week in October   
Part XV Entrepreneurial School Girl    
Next morning the alarm wakened me at the usual time and
  I immediately started to run through the days schedule in my head, the whole
  day had been turned over to organising the Aitken's shoot on the Wednesday
  with one exception which brought a smile to my face &ndash; Sadler was to find
  me a costume for the ball on Wednesday evening.  
After showering I stood in front of an open wardrobe debating
  what to wear, given that I was to be shopping for a costume I wanted something
  that could easily be slipped on and off. Deciding a dress would be the easiest
  option I picked out a plain, dark navy, sleeveless number which I knew was
  one of Andy's favourites, largely because it was cut down to the middle of
  my back and I never wore a bra with it. Matching it up with a dark blue, three
  quarter length knitwear cardigan I reviewed my choice in the full length mirror,
  deciding it didn't make me feel quite sexy enough I slipped into a suspender
  belt and pulled on some fully fashioned, seemed, navy stockings and finished
  off with three inch stilettos. Rummaging around in the lowest of my three underwear
  drawers I managed to find what I had been looking for, a pair of pure silk
  panties Andy had bought a few weeks back but I hadn't had them on as yet although
  I suspected they would fell wonderful against my newly naked pussy &ndash; I
  was right &ndash; now I felt ready for anything and I suspected I might just
  find it if the last two days were anything to go by.  
Pulling my raincoat tightly around me against the bitter
  wind I stepped out of the building and headed towards the tube station. Rarely
  looking up into the oncoming wind I set off at a good pace and arrived a few
  minutes earlier than usual. Pinned to the metal gates blocking the entrance
  a notice read  
"Due to industrial action this station will be closed until
  further notice"  
"Shit " I barked at it.  
People were milling around as if not believing the notice
  and somehow their journey to work would not be interrupted, like me I guess
  they had no prior warning or were sufficiently disinterested in the media not
  to have been watching the news at ten. Living in London was synonymous with
  disrupted travel arrangements and everyone plans alternative routes depending
  on the failed service, I knew I was going by bus which would only extend my
  travel time by around one hour &ndash; lucky me. Joining the queue I wondered
  just how many buses were going to have to arrive before there was space for
  me to even begin my journey. Fifteen minutes and eight buses later I climbed
  aboard a no 43 to be scowled at by a harassed driver.  
"Seats upstairs" he said grudgingly  
The only seat available was the long bench which run under
  the back window. I settled down, resigned to the miserable journey ahead of
  me and stared blankly out of the window, the shop fronts were travelling so
  slowly that I was able to read some of the handwritten notices in the windows.
  Two schoolgirls directly in front of me giggled and chattered in barely audible
  whispers, the two geriatrics in front of them were American apparently at least
  that's what his baseball cap would have you believe, at a second glanced I
  reckoned they probably were American given that everything they wore was a
  shade of sky blue and made out of light cotton you could spit peas through &ndash; didn't
  they look at the likely temperature range in UK before leaving Florida.  
The seat opposite the girls was occupied by a "residentially
  challenged" person who looked like he had been there since Saturday night,
  slumped across both seats he was sound asleep. The grubby ex-army overcoat
  was home to at least one bottle whose neck was clearly visible in the inside
  pocket, there was not telling who or what shared the dubious address. Two shop
  assistants sat in front of him their green and white uniforms clearly visible
  below the windcheater anoraks they both wore, probably purchased with a 50%
  employee discount from the already discounted store where they worked.  
Lurching along at snails pace the bus seemed to empty and
  refill at every stop, I would be lucky to reach the office before 5:00pm at
  this rate. Checking our progress I peered down the isle and out through the
  front window, just before I could make out exactly where we were someone near
  the front stood up and started walking back towards me completely blocking
  my view. Looking up I saw it was a young boy of around fourteen or fifteen,
  he appeared to be looking at and walking directly towards me. As he reached
  the back of the bus I was about to say something when he stopped suddenly and
  bent over the two girls in front of me &ndash; a discussion ensued and the
  girl on the outside stood and sat down on the opposite end of the bench from
  me. Further discussions and the boy pulled something from his jacket pocket
  and handed it to the girl. For the next few minutes neither spoke to or looked
  at the other &ndash; in fact anywhere other than at each other, my curiosity
  now aroused I scrutinised the two more carefully and realised I could see the
  side of the boys face, he was constantly scanning the passengers that sat closest
  while the girl looked mainly out of the window. A further three of four minutes
  and the boys eyes squeezed tight shut and his head tilted forward suddenly
  he leaned right forward as if the captain had just hailed "BRACE BRACE" and
  he had assumed the emergency landing position, a few moments later he stood
  and returned to his original seat and the girl sitting along from me returned
  to hers. The girls resumed their giggling and whispering. What the hell was
  that all about I thought to myself.  
Braking sharply the bus ground to an instant halt, all the
  sober and awake passengers were left bracing themselves against the seat in
  front as the drunk was dumped onto the floor. Being wakened brusquely had disorientated
  him , he picked himself up and headed down the isle, as he stumbled downstairs
  I heard him hurl abuse at the driver who opened the doors and I watched out
  of the window as the drunk disappeared into the crowd. Two more girls from
  further up the bus immediately took residence in the vacant seat, they too
  giggled and whispered but in addition periodically stared across the isle at
  the other two. At the next stop a teenage boy appeared at the top of the stairs
  and scanned the passengers presumably looking for a seat, as he walked back
  the bus I reckoned he was the around same age as the boy who had sat down next
  to the girl. Gathering my handbag from the seat I assumed he was about to sit
  down next to me but instead he stopped and lent over the two in front. Same
  routine &ndash; girl on outside gets up and sits down along from me &ndash; boy
  sits down next to remaining girl &ndash; reaches into jacket hands girl something
  then scans the passengers. Looking at the girl who had moved with a puzzled
  expression on my face she giggles and turns to look out of the window. The
  two new residents were now staring across and the pair in front of me, neither
  was now giggling &ndash; just staring. Shifting slightly forward in the seat
  I am just about able to peer over the back of the seat and perhaps get a better
  idea of what is going on. As I surreptitiously leaned further and further forward
  more and more of the seat was coming into view, quite unprepared for what I
  was about to see I gasped as it suddenly became apparent that the girl had
  her right hand wrapped around the boys erect cock and was causally masturbating
  him as she gazed out of the window. Hearing my gasp the boy's head snapped
  round to face me, after a moments panic he realised I was smiling and smiled
  back, the girl seemed quite unperturbed that she now had and audience. Leaning
  on the back of the chair I settled in to watch the show, the girl who had changed
  seats shuffled along and sat next to me peering over the seat. Eyes now closed
  the boys immanent orgasm was hailed by several whimpers which attracted the
  attention of the two shop assistants, with six spectators now eagerly awaiting
  the finale the boy finally ejaculated to squeals of delight from the two girls
  opposite. He had managed to send a jet of spunk two or three feet in the air
  before it fell back into his lap, as he double over the girl slid her hand
  out of the way and continued to gaze out of the window, the two opposite giggled
  and whispered and the shop assistants went back to their analysis of Eastenders.
  Sitting back in my seat I turned to the girl next to me who was now wearing
  a huge grin  
"How much does she charge " I asked  
"Three quid for a hand job and fiver for a blowjob" she
  announced.  
"Don't do women" came a voice from the front, all I could
  do was laugh.  
Over the next 30mins another four came and another four
  came. Three hand jobs and one blowjob, by my reckoning that was twenty quid
  she had made on her way to her place of business - school. Once the girls had
  exited the bus the remainder of the journey was pretty uneventful and as predicted
  I arrived at work one hour and thirty five minutes late.  
A Week in October   
Part XVI Angela's Outfit    
According to Sharon, Aitken had already called four times
  looking for a venue and time for tomorrows shoot, leafing through the other
  messages I threw them on my desk in the passing and headed straight for Sadler's
  office. I needed some ideas on a location for the shoot and if nothing else
  Sadler certainly had the contacts, I quite literarily ran into him as I barged
  into the outer office.  
"Ah Ms Holden my wife informs me that Jackson will be collecting
  you at 12:00pm sharp and driving you and Ms White to view some appropriate
  attire for Wednesdays ball. "  
His wife&hellip;.. Mistress Elizabeth was his wife. &ndash; an
  idea struck me.  
"Oh yes thank you &ndash; but what I really came to ask
  is if it would be possible to use Bayswater Hall as the back drop for the shoot
  tomorrow."  
"Excellent idea my dear &ndash; should have thought of that
  myself &ndash; good thinking" " See Ms White for directions etc " and he was
  gone out into the main office area. Ms White was very accommodating and kept
  smiling at me as she jotted down the required details.  
"The ball should be a hoot" I quipped  
"A Hoot! &hellip;.. A Hoot!" as the smile drained from her
  face  
"Do you realise how privileged you are even being invited " she
  frowned " Six months worth of planning goes into this annual ball - trust me
  when I say its like nothing you have ever before attended." Handing me the
  details.  
"Great &ndash; cant wait" almost apologetically " I bet
  you will be as stunning as you were last night"  
"Thank you" as the smile started to re-appear.  
Heading back to my desk I passed Emma and Daniel who were,
  as usual thick as thieves, huddled over Daniels desk they barely looked up
  as I greeted them which I thought odd given yesterdays events. Sitting down
  I picked up an A4 manila folder which had mysteriously appeared, opening it
  up I instantly realised why they hadn't wanted to delay my return to my desk.
  Photocopy number 1 was of Emma's ass and pussy, number 2 was Daniels's ass
  and balls and so it went on, they had gotten quite adventurous by the last
  few, two of Daniels fingers up Emma's ass, Daniels dick in Emma's mouth and
  finally both squished faces staring out at me. Laughing out loud and looking
  over at the pair of them, who were by now giggling and smiling up at me, I
  mouthed back at them "DISGUSTING", they seemed pleased with their efforts.  
Arranging the contract photographer, video crew, directors,
  catering and miscellaneous others saw me through to 11:55am when I eventually
  called Aitken to arrange for the cars to be delivered and his bimbos to be
  on-site by 10:00am. Finishing my call I looked up to see Ms White towering
  over me.  
"Jackson is downstairs" as she turned and headed for the
  main entrance.  
Quickly tidying up I threw on my overcoat I chased after
  her only catching up as we stepped outside onto the street  
"Jesus H" I gasped  
A uniformed chauffeur, whom I assumed to be Jackson, stood
  next to the biggest, blackest, damnedest Rolls Royce I had ever set eyes on
  let alone been a passenger in, all it needed was a white gloved hand waving
  from the window and union jacks on the wings to complete the majestic picture.
  As we approached, Jackson, whose complexion was as black and shinny as his
  charge's, swung the back door open and Ms White jumped into the vast cavern
  inside. Following her inside I sat in one of the "sofas" inside.  
"Isn't this the most wonderful vehicle Stacey"  
"It really is amazing Ms White" I agreed  
"Elizabeth has such exquisite taste - and please call me
  Angela outside the office" she smiled.  
Pressing the intercom button built into the door Angela
  spoke to Jackson  
"Jackson you know the routine "  
"Yes Mistress"  
Pulling away from the office building I was surprised by
  the silence, no road noise , no engine noise just a mild sensation of movement,
  almost gliding. Gazing through the smoked glass windows I felt almost voyeuristic
  as I watched the people go bye knowing they could not see me and watching Jackson
  sitting on the other side of a smoked partition.  
"Have you been to Submissions before" Angela asked  
"No &ndash; is it a boutique or something"  
"Oh its much more than that " she smiled " You'll see"  
Several minutes later we pulled into a large out of town
  type supermarket car park, Jackson parked almost as far from the building as
  was possible.  
"Do you need something" I asked puzzled.  
Angela did not reply, instead she hoisted up her knee lendth
  tweed skirt and pulled down her dowdy looking "Bridgette Jones " type panties.
  Meantime Jackson had left the drivers seat and was approaching the door on
  Angela's side.  
"This damn car makes me so horny"  
Jackson entered the rear cab and without instruction or
  hesitation he closed the door , kneeled in front of Angela's now wide spread
  legs, unbuttoned his uniform trousers and pulled out a thick black cock. Angela
  slid forward in the seat and Jackson's already hard cock slid into her easily.
  Neither spoke for the next five minutes or so as Jackson hammered his cock
  in and out of her pussy, almost impatiently Angela said  
"Come on Jackson harder &ndash; I'm not getting there!"  
Jackson re-doubled his efforts as a band of sweat started
  to form on his forehead, glancing at me he lifted his eyebrows as much as to
  say help me out here. I smiled and much to my surprise reached over and started
  rubbing Angela's clit. Grinning and nodding Jackson struggled on. Angela had
  become aware of my manipulations and glanced at me smiling. Three or four minutes
  later Angela exploded into her orgasm, screaming and shouting, banging against
  Jackson's chest with clenched fists and practically weeping with joy. Surprisingly
  within only ten or fifteen seconds Angela slid back in the seat and detached
  herself from Jackson, left kneeling on the floor with a rock hard cock bouncing
  in his groin Jackson looked up at Angela with what could only be described
  as pleading eyes  
"That'll be all Jackson"  
As she adjusted her clothing and climbed back into her panties,
  Jackson meanwhile tried hard to stuff his hardon back into his trousers and
  manoeuvre himself out of the car..  
Angela sat up and looked me straight in the eye as if waiting
  for some judgement on her behaviour.  
"You horny old tart" surprisingly without even smiling.  
For a moment her expression remained stern and questioning
  until finally she burst out laughing, hugged me and then grasped both cheeks
  and kissed me full on the mouth.  
Once Jackson had organised himself he drove us out of the
  car park and headed towards Submissions.  
In an area of the city that was largely commercial we pulled
  up outside a very unassuming darkened front entrance, only a small brass sign
  engraved in copperplate with the name Submissions  revealed
  we had arrived.  
"Can't wait to try on my new outfit" she said excitedly "Hope
  it's finished"  
As we approached the door opened from inside to reveal muscle
  bound, no necked, bald headed doorman in a DJ and dickie bow.  
"Afternoon Mistress Angela" he beamed at us  
"Where is Marcus? &ndash; is my outfit ready? &ndash; go
  and get him"  
"Of course Mistress Angela " as he scuttled of down the
  dark corridor.  
Moments later we were joined by a rather effeminate looking
  forty something wearing a navy blue velvet jacket and 70's style shirt with
  the cuffs folded over the outside of the jacket sleeves.  
"Well Marcus &ndash; have you finished my piece de resistance"  
"I have indeed Mistress Angela &ndash; come with me"  
We followed him into his workshop where the most bizarre
  collection of materials and outfits hung on racks, the smell of rubber and
  leather and glue was almost overwhelming and the flashes of silver and gold
  and sparkling sequins was kaleidoscope like.  
"Here we are " he said lifting a bundle of leather and chains
  from the bench and holding it up to us triumphantly.  
Angela started stripping off where she stood, once naked,
  her and Marcus appeared to wrestle her into the leather and steel contraption.
  Whoops and squeals of delight fell from her lips and Marcus hummed and hawed
  in obvious satisfaction. Finally Marcus stood back to admire his work from
  a distance and Angela turned to me  
"Isn't it stunning Darling"  
Initially my reaction was its just a belt but the delirious
  look on her face warranted a kinder approach. Around her waist was a three
  inch lether belt which widened to a diamond shape the lower peak of which almost
  touched her pussy while the upper peak almost reached her belly button, several
  steel hoops were riveted on at various places around the belt which buckled
  at the rear. In the centre of the diamond a there appeared to removable steel
  ring with several lengths of chain dangling almost to the floor. Stepping back
  to the workbench Marcus lifted anther bundle  
"Now lets get you dressed" with a big grin.  
Holding up a single two inch strip of leather with a buckle
  at one end it was plain to see two solid steel dildos had been strategically
  attached to the two foot strip and two lengths of chain hung from the other
  end.. Disappearing around behind her I assumed Marcus was buckling one end
  to the back of the belt, returning in front of Angela, Marcus pulled the other
  end through her legs. Leaning forward he sucked and moistened the end the first,
  and smaller, of the two dildos and quickly inserted it into Angels ass, the
  squeals and giggles left me in no doubt that Angela was expecting it. As he
  grabbed hold of the second dildo which was about seven or eight inches long
  and at least two to three inches across  
"Be careful to put this on the proper way round dear or
  you're gonna have one sore ass"  
They both giggled. Leaning forward again, Marcus moistened
  the second dildo and inserted it into her pussy and finally he took the two
  chains and clipped them to steel hoops either side of the belt, both dildos
  were now held firmly in place .  
"Now lets see if those damn springs work ok " said Marcus  
Kneeling down in front of Angela he put one finger through
  a steel loop attached to the bottom of the larger dildo, which I hadn't previously
  noticed. He pulled and the dildo slide out of her pussy and through the belt,
  he did the same with the dildo up her ass,  
"So far so good" he remarked.  
Suddenly he let go and both dildos snapped back into their
  respective orifices at high speed, Angela gasped in surprise and stood motionless
  for few seconds before kneeling down and hugging Marcus  
"Amazing Marcus &ndash; exactly as I had imagined - you
  are a genius !"  
"Good &ndash; now lets put it all together!" he replied
  as they stood up  
Marcus called to one of the two rubber clad assistants to
  fetch the rest of Angela's outfit from the rack, she returned with a pair of
  thigh length black stiletto boots in the most sumptuous leather and a black
  peep hole bra in the same material. After slipping into the bra Angela turned
  to allow the assistant to buckle the back, and additional length of leather
  was buckled between the bra and the belt. Slipping the boots on Angela, the
  assistant began lacing the boots all the way up the back, a difficult job given
  there must have been twenty yards of leather thong in each boot. During this
  Marcus had lifted a black box from the workbench and sidled over to me smiling,
  he showed me the box which had a number of switches, buttons and slider controls
  mounted on it and a small flexible aerial extended to about three inches from
  one side. Nodding towards Angela he winked at me flicked a switch and pushed
  one of the buttons  
"Jesus" squeaked Angela and froze where she stood.  
Marcus pushed the button again, I had no idea what was happening
  as I followed Angels stare down to her pussy. Again Marcus pushed the button
  and I watched as the dildo in her pussy suddenly shot out through the belt
  and back in again. Angela's gaze rose to meet Marcus's smiling face  
"Fuck " as the smile spread across her startled face  
"Very well" said Marcus as he manoeuvred one of the slider
  controls to about 25% of capacity.  
I watched as the dildo started to slide in and out of Angela's
  pussy, her eyes widened and her smile broadened  
"WOW"  
In a single movement Marcus flicked another switch, pushed
  a button and moved another slider, the other dildo started sliding in and out
  of her ass, Angela looked over at us with her mouth gaping open. For the next
  few minutes we all stood in silence as Angela had her pussy and ass slowly
  fucked by her new outfit, Marcus moved the slider controls further along and
  the pace of both dildos increased dramatically. With one hand on the workbench
  to steady herself Angela began gasping at each stroke, her nipples were now
  hard and protruding through the holes in the bra, her knees splayed and bent
  slightly as if trying to push against the dildos and her pussy was now glistening
  with her own juices. Her panting now matched the alternate inward strokes of
  the dildos and her eyes had started to glaze over when, without warning, Marcus
  pressed the 'off'  button and all movement ceased.  
"Shit Marcus &ndash; you bastard switch that fucking thing
  on right now &ndash; do you know how close I am"  
"Still got lots to do sweetheart &ndash; haven't got all
  day to hang about while you get fucked " he said smiling "You can play all
  you want tomorrow"  
Instructing the assistant to complete the lacing in the
  boots Marcus walked over to Angela and began to explain that there was a battery
  pack built into the bra and the remote controlled electromagnets housed in
  the couplings were controlled remotely by the box in his hand and drew their
  power from the batteries via a connection in the harness. While explaining
  this he was connecting light chains from Angela's nipple rings to a small wheel
  in the centre of the diamond part of the belt, a third similar chain was connected
  to the gold ring in her clitoral hood and attached to a smaller wheel, all
  three chains were then adjusted until taught.  
"Lets try those " Marcus declared as he lifted the remote
  control box once more.  
Switching the remote control on Marcus turned a knob and
  the two wheels started to slowly oscillate backwards and forward about 180
  degrees. The effect was to tighten the chains attached then release then tighten
  again, hence each nipple was stimulated in turn and the chain attached to the
  smaller wheel lifted her clitoral hood about quarter of an inch with each oscillation.
  Angela stared at her nipples as they were alternately extended by half an inch
  and released again, after a few moments Marcus shut of the remote again.  
"I swear I will kill you Marcus" Angela scowled.  
"Just one last thing to test "  
Angela was about to hurl further abuse when, with a sparkle
  in his eye he hit yet another button on the remote, Angela froze rigid instantly
  then relaxed, her eyes were practically on stocks as she stared at Marcus.
  Again he pushed the button and again she froze. Marcus then turned to me and
  explained that that particular button sent a pulse of low voltage electricity
  down each of the three chains attached to the front of the belt and also to
  each of the dildos.  
"OK Angela all seems to be well, lets get you out of that
  outfit and I can prepare it for tomorrow."  
"If you think that I am leaving here without&hellip;&hellip;."  
"Oh do be quite !" Marcus interrupted "Sam get her out of
  that outfit and finish her off will you &ndash; poor girl is desperate" he
  instructed the assistant  
Angela complied and Sam started removing the various parts
  of the outfit, once completely naked Sam pointed to the workbench and Angela
  hopped up and lay back with her legs wide open and dangling over the edge of
  the bench, Sam stepped forward bent over and ate hungrily at Angela's sopping
  pussy. Within a few minutes Angela was screaming encouragement at Sam as she
  slide her whole hand into Angela's pussy and lapped busily at her clitty, as
  Sam thrust her fist in and out Angela beat the same rhythm on the workbench
  with clenched fists until eventually she could no longer endure the treatment
  and gave way to an explosive orgasm. Marcus and I watched as Sam gradually
  eased off as Angela's orgasm peaked and slowly subsided,  
"Judging by the size of that puddle on the floor, I would
  say Angela needed that" Joked Marcus  
"Now then what are we going to do with you" he said turning
  to me  
"I have no idea " I replied "But I have a feeling I'm in
  safe hands"  
"You sure are honey &ndash; now jump out of those clothes
  and let's get you measured up"  
Stripping off I was hardly surprised to find my panties
  sopping wet yet again, this was becoming the norm I thought to myself, the
  fact hadn't gone unnoticed  
"Can I get Sam to help with that " Marcus said pointing
  to my glistening pussy  
"Thanks &ndash; but it can wait a while yet " I smiled.  
As Marcus measured me for whatever contraption he had in
  mind he explained that he had had a call from Elizabeth (his business partner
  in the club) and had been instructed to clear his day on Wednesday to prepare
  an outfit for me.  
"You must be one special lady , Elizabeth never throws her
  weight around down here !"  
"I honestly don't know why Marcus, I only met her briefly
  at dinner"  
"Oh I know why honey &ndash; You feeeeeeeeeel like one seeexxxxxy
  bitch"  
"OK that's us honey " he said scribbling in a notepad " Be
  here tomorrow evening before the ball and we can do any last minute stuff before
  you go"  
Pulling on my clothes which were by now a heap on the floor,
  I lifted my sopping wet panties and held them out, I didn't relish the thought
  of pulling them on cold and wet as they were, by now Angela had managed to
  pull herself together and dress and as she strolled towards she asked  
"Are you sure you don't need some help down there" staring
  at my pussy  
"No but I may need Jackson on the way back to the office
  if that's ok?"  
"I can't see Jackson objecting, anyway even if he did he
  would do as he was told" she laughed  
A Week in October   
Part XVII Millie's obsession    
Throwing the panties in my bag, I finished dressing and
  thanked Marcus for his time, Angela suggested a quick tour of the club before
  heading back to the office, so we set out into the main building. The first
  area we entered at the end of the corridor was a regular lounge area with warm
  low lighting; a semi circular bar was surrounded by semicircular bays all around
  the walls. The seating was deep crimson velour or velvet and the walls were
  covered with matching faux leather. Single spot lights picked out the erotic
  line drawings of dominatrix and chained up nubile young women which adorned
  the walls. Between each of the bays was a 4ft x 4ft cage and the entire width
  of the far wall was occupied by a stage. On the right hand wall a large archway
  led to a short dark corridor which opened up into a huge circular room, massive
  stone pillars every ten paces or so ran around the stone effect perimeter wall,
  in the spaces between every second pillar there was an archway leading to other
  smaller rooms.  
In the centre of the room stood a wooden contraption which
  resembled a vaulting horse. On each of the four splayed legs there was attached,
  by a chain, a leather wrist or ankle restraint.  
"This is Millie's favourite " Angela commented as she approached
  the equipment. She spends hours in the damn thing"  
With that Angela bent over and lay across the horse, with
  both feet still on the floor she rested her head on the far end and her arms
  hung down either side in line with the legs.  
"Of course she needs the accessories"  
Seeing the puzzled look on my face she sprang up from the
  horse  
"Come on I'll show you " as she started to undress me.  
Once naked she led me over to the horse and bade me to lay
  down as she had., moving behind me she spread my legs and attached the ankle
  restraints at each side, moving to my head she then attached the wrist restraints
  and adjusted the chains to ensure I was well and truly secure with little or
  no movement possible.  
"Now" said Angela "The piece de resistance" as she walked
  over to a rack on the wall and pulled down a sinister looking leather hood.  
"Sensory depravation is what our Millie is all about" she
  said smiling  
"This little device ensures you can neither see nor hear" as
  she slipped the hood over my head and pulled up the zip that ran up the back.
  Initially I felt a little uneasy as my eyes desperately tried to adjust to
  the sudden darkness. As the smell of the leather filled my nostrils I realised
  I could still hear Angela and was about to comment when two pads at either
  side of my head began to expand and press hard against my ears, I realised
  that she was now inflating sections of the hood. Soon the silence was deafening,
  I could hear my heart rate begin to increase and the sound of my own blood
  rushing through my veins and echoing in my head. Verging on panic at this vulnerability
  and isolation, I sought contact with the outside,  
"Angela I am not sure about this" I seemed to shout  
A few seconds later I felt a zipper in the front of the
  mask open and Angela's tongue slithered into my mouth, I sucked and we kissed.
  Somewhat reassured I began to consider what I was feeling as Angela zipped
  me up , gradually I began to see the attraction for "Our Millie". There was
  definitely something erotic about my predicament. Relaxing into the situation
  my thoughts were interrupted by Angela's tongue in my ass, or at least I think
  it was Angela's tongue, I squirmed under her and involuntarily responded to
  her attentions. After only a few seconds she stopped as suddenly as she had
  started,  
"Jesus Angela don't stop" I shouted as I wriggled and pushed
  my ass in the air as far as the restraints would allow desperately trying to
  find her tongue.  
Her response was immediate, the zip in the mask was opened
  and a rubber ball forced into my mouth instantly removing my only means of
  communication. Panic once again rose in me as I awaited the next move. I remained
  absolutely still listening to the silence, every square inch of my body now
  seemed to be on high alert in anticipation of feedback from the outside world.
  As each minute passed without contact the expectation was building to almost
  unbearable levels. After what seemed like an eternity I lifted my head a strained
  to hear through the false silence inside the hood, my heightened awareness
  was telling me I was now alone in the room, I lay down once more and waited.  
Suddenly as if someone had wired me to the mains and thrown
  the switch, every muscle in my body tightened against some unknown threat,
  in the few milliseconds before I could identify the source of the threat blind
  panic and terror gripped me. In an instant and in one stroke my pussy had been
  filled to capacity, someone or something was now fucking me fast and hard.
  The huge phallus banged against my cervix with every forward stroke and stretched
  my pussy so wide I was sure it would never return to normal. After thirty seconds
  of the sustained onslaught my pussy began to respond, within a further thirty
  seconds my orgasm hit like a freight train. Screaming into the rubber ball
  jammed into my mouth I thought my head would explode, oxygen was now at a premium
  as I tried to drag air in through my nose and my heart beat boomed in my ears.
  As quickly as it had begun the fucking stopped and my empty, dripping pussy
  was left gaping and twitching. Minutes passed as the aftershocks from my orgasm
  slowly subsided and the warm gooey post coital glow seeped through my body
  and I melted into the leather surface of the horse and fell asleep.  
"Cant lie there all day hussy &ndash; you've got work to
  do"  
I was awaked with a start which turned to panic on the realisation
  that I was unable to move, further disorientated by the darkness I began to
  struggle and tried to scream.  
"Calm down!" Angela said as she removed the mask and the
  ball from my mouth.  
" You've been sleeping for the past twenty minutes &ndash; you've
  got work to go to!"  
Use of my eyes gave me sufficient information to allay my
  panic and I smiled at Angela.  
"Our Millie's really got something here !"  
"You certainly seemed to enjoy it "  
Angela released me from the restraints and I quickly dressed,
  as we headed out to the car I grabbed Angela's arm and stopped her in the corridor  
"What or who just fucked me" I beamed at Angela  
"It was who &ndash; but not knowing it half the fun"  
With that she turned and walked off leaving me standing
  contemplating the fact that someone had just fucked my brains out and I didn't
  know who.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ProtagorasII


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





