BDSM Library - Earning His Mark




Earning His Mark
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A slave will do anything to prove to Master she is his whore.Earning His Mark
 She was lying next to him, head
      between his thighs, busily licking and sucking at his cock. This was one
      of his favorite ways to have her pleasure him; it put her pussy and ass
    near his face, where he could easily play with them, pushing her into a frenzy
      that she took out on his cock. She went lower to grab his balls in her
    mouth, and he slowly slid a finger deep into her ass drawing, a moan from
    deep down in her throat. 
He sighed contentedly as she bathed
    his balls with her warm tongue. She had to lick everywhere after he came,
    in case she missed any of his cum. He contemplated her ass, more specifically
    an area right above her ass cheek, at the base of her spine. He traced the
    area with his free hand, wondering how his little slut would react to his
    plans for her.  
"This would be a wonderful spot
    for a tattoo, don't you think pet?" Her attention faltered slightly at his
    comment, but a quick pinch to her ass focused her mind on her task. She had
    been pleading with him for months to put his mark on her. She had a couple
    tattoos already, but she wanted another one to mark her as his slave.  
It was a big step, and he hadn't
    been certain it was the right one. He enjoyed toying with her though, seeing
    how much he could make her beg by giving hints that he was seriously considering
    it. She was such a whore, so far he had found nothing she wouldn't do for
    him. Sure she had fought him a couple times, but in the end, she was always
    begging to please him. She was special. He was cruel to his pet, he knew,
    but she never lost that look of pure adoration in her eyes when she looked
    at him.  
"Come up here pet." He pulled his
    finger from her ass as she quickly turned around. She was a beautiful sight.
    She still bore traces of the slaps he'd given her earlier for some made up
    infraction about his food being too cold. Her eyeliner was smudged giving
    her eyes a dark, mysterious look and her lips were red and swollen from the
    prolonged cock sucking session she'd just preformed.  
He wrapped his arms around her and
    flipped her over onto her back so he could look down into her smiling face.
    A finger found its way into her pussy, drawing a gasp from her and causing
    her to close her eyes and throw her head back. She loved to feel his fingers
    insider her, teasing her.  
"Look at me pet," he commanded.
    She opened her eyes, cloudy with desire, and looked up at him. The naked
    adoration in her gaze made his breath catch. "Open your mouth," she immediately
    complied, "good girl," he said. He slipped the finger that had been deep
    into her ass past her lips. A small frown of disgust passed her features,
    but she didn't complain as she started sucking on his finger. She knew she
    would be punished is she complained.  
He pushed his finger deeper into
    her cunt, sliding in a second finger. "I don't know pet, do you think a slut
    like you deserves to wear my mark?" She moaned softly and started sucking
    on his finger like it was his cock. He laughed at her quick response. He
    pulled his finger out of her pussy and gently pulled it down her cheek, caressing
    her. "It's a big step pet, I don't know if you're ready."  
"Master, I'm ready I swear it. I
    would do anything to have your mark on me," she pleaded.  
"Well I was thinking something simple,
    right above your ass. Just two little words, Nate's whore. What do you think
    of that?"  
She couldn't respond, his fingers
    were moving in and out of her cunt quickly and his thumb was rubbing her
    clit. All she could do was moan as he played with her body. "Of course you'll
    have to earn it, cunt. But that won't be a problem, right? You'll do anything
    to please me, wont you pet?"  
He softly caressed her face, smiling &ndash; he
    was going to let her cum. Her body was tense, she was biting her lip in pleasure
    and her eyes had closed again. "Yes pet, you're going to earn the right to
    be called my whore, you're going to prove to me just what nasty little slut
    you can be." But she was too far gone, too wrapped up in his touch to heed
    the warning in his words.  
He could feel her cunt contract
    on his fingers as she came, moaning and screaming. When she looked up at
    him again her eyes were glassy and she was smiling softly. "Thank you Master."  
"Your welcome pet. Now go to your
    room, I'm going to sleep alone tonight." She frowned slightly, but licked
    his fingers clean and went to spend the night alone in her room.  
*****  
A few weeks later she was sitting
    on the back porch watching the sun set when she heard her Master come in
    the front door. She quickly got up and ran through the house to greet him.
    She could tell by the look in his eyes that she was going to be in for a
    hard night. It was easy to tell now what kind of mood he was in by the way
    he looked at her. She decided against the hug she was going to give him and
    went to her knees instead. She spread her knees wide causing her dress to
    ride high on her thighs; she placed her hands behind her back and lowered
    her eyes submissively.  
"Aren't you going to greet me slut?" he
    asked. She scrambled quickly lowering her chest to the floor, and sticking
    her ass high in the air before kissing the tops of each shoe in greeting. "Good,
    cunt." He reached down and grabbed her hair pulling her back up to a kneeling
    position, and pulling her head back hard. "Did you have a good day fuck slut?
    Did you get lots of rest?"  
"Yes Master, thank you Master." He
    was pulling her hair hard. Her neck hurt as he twisted her head and neck
    to an awkward angle.  
"Well slut, I have arranged a surprise
    for you tonight." He turned her around so she could see the bag he brought
    home. "I bought some new clothes for you, you're going to meet some of my
    friends tonight, and you need to look like a proper whore. Not like you look
    now &ndash; because you always look like a whore &ndash; but a common piece
    of street trash that would suck a cock behind a dumpster."  
He watched her as his words slowly
    sunk in. He had mentioned this before, threatened her with this. When she
    was disobedient he would tell her how he should just give her to his friends
    and let them use her like the pathetic whore she was  
Her face showed her dismay clearly.
    It was hard to be used and humiliated by a man she loved so much. She couldn't
    stand the idea of being used like a common whore for strangers. She had honestly
    believed that he would never make her do this, always assumed it to be an
    empty threat  
Now, she stared at him stunned,
    and forgot herself. "No," she said, slowly shaking her head, rising to her
    feet. "How can you think I would agree to that, I will never sleep around
    for your amusement, never!" As she turned to storm away he grabbed her arm,
    swinging her around to face him, and brought her face close to his.  
There was barely suppressed rage
    in his voice when he spoke to her. "Who the hell do you think you are talking
    to, slut?" He pushed her away from him in disgust, sending her sprawling
    to the floor. She looked up at him stunned, elbow aching from a hard blow
    to the floor.  
"You are here to serve me! You do
    whatever I want to amuse me! You will do what I tell you cunt, or will leave
    right now! Look at you, you are a whore to be used, you are nothing but a
    cunt for my pleasure and that is all you will ever be. If you are too good
    for that, then you get off your ass now, and walk out of her. Make sure you
    never let me ever see you again. Is that understood cunt?"  
Was he really telling her to leave?
    No, she loved him, she couldn't leave him, she needed him. Panic surged up
    in her, leaving her head spinning. She had to fix it, what had she done?  
Something snapped in her mind. Tears
    were pouring from her eyes. He was already to the next room by the time she
    brought herself to her feet and ran after him.  
"Master, oh god, I'm so sorry Master." She
    sank to her knees grabbing his legs. "Don't send me away Master, I was so
    stupid, I was scared. I would do anything for you Master, anything! Please
    don't send me away, I need you, I don't know why I am such a horrible slave,
    I promise I'll never question you again." She could barely talk through her
    tears.  
He kicked his leg, dislodging her
    from him. She was quickly lying at his feet, crying and muttering please
    over and over. He smiled as he looked at her pathetic groveling. He had taken
    her and made her his, and it showed. She could not bear the thought of being
    without him, she would do anything keep him from leaving her.  
"Why would I want you now, cunt?
    You have shown me what you're really like; I should throw you out on the
    street." More moaning and pathetic whimpers were the only answers he got. "You're
    pathetic, cunt. You know that, right? Tell me cunt, tell me how pathetic
    you are."  
She started talking as she pulled
    herself to her knees. "I am Master. I am a pathetic cunt. I'll be a whore
    for whoever you wish Master. I'll do anything or you Master. I am so sorry
    I told you no, I'll never say no to you again."  
"So you want to perform for my friends
    tonight, huh? You really are a whore." He kneeled down and grabbed hold of
    her chin, forcing her to meet his eye. "Let me tell you how this is going
    to work, slut. You are going to go and be the dirtiest, nastiest slut you
    can be. I've told them all about you, how you love to be humiliated and used.
    You will not embarrass me, because if you do, no amount of pleading will
    make me keep your worthless ass  
Do you understand me?" She nodded
    eyes wide. "Good cunt, now change into the clothes I bought for you, I am
    going to go take a shower, be ready when I come back." He stopped at the
    foot of the stairs and looked back at her. "Oh, and one more thing -- if
    you perform like the good little whore I know you are, I will take you tomorrow
    and mark you as mine. You want that, don't you pet?"  
"Yes Master," said. She watched
    as he climbed the stairs to take a shower. She was trembling. Would he really
    have sent her away? She thought about it and the answer was an undeniable
    yes. He would send her away in heartbeat, she wouldn't fool herself into
    thinking that he needed her the same way she needed him.   
She was starting to moan softly.
    She couldn't believe she was going to go willingly and offer herself to his
    friends. In fact, she had practically begged him to let her. She thought
    about his last remark, and smiled. To wear his mark on her body would be
    the ultimate sign of ownership. She wanted so badly to belong to completely
    to him, to go past the point of no return. After he marked her there would
    be no going back&mdash;she would always be his.  
She waked over to the small bag
    he had brought home. It was from a little store in the mall she had seen
    before. She never shopped there. She liked to dress conservatively when she
    went out in public, and Master mostly preferred her naked, so she had no
    reason to enter the trendy store.  
Opening the bag she found what she
    thought must be the smallest piece of clothing allowed and still be able
    to be called a skirt. It was white and so flimsy that it would barely cover
    her ass and pussy. Next she pulled out a tiny pale pink top, she could tell
    by looking at it that it would have a hard time containing her large breasts.  
The only remaining clothing was
    black stockings and a garter. There were no panties or bra. She frowned;
    she didn't want to wear these sluttish clothes. There would be no doubt that
    she was a true slut when  
Master's friends saw her dressed
    like this.  
She shook her head violently. No,
    she would not complain. If Master wanted to display her body then he had
    every right. She would not risk his anger. Sighing she put on the offensive
    clothing. Looking down at herself she saw it was much worse than she thought.
    If she barely moved her cunt and ass were clearly visible, and the tops of
    her nipples showed over the horribly low cut shirt. The stockings and garters
    just made her look like a street walker.  
She felt tears stinging at her eyes.
    She looked like such a whore, how could she go out like this. Fighting back
    tears she went to her little room to put on makeup and do her hair. She put
    on her high heels; they had four inch heels and were very uncomfortable as
    well as hard to walk in. She knew though that he would expect her to wear
    them. She finished quickly and stumbled back into the living room to wait
    for him.  
He was enormously pleased with himself.
    He had almost pushed her too far. He could still feel the disappointment
    and anger he felt when she tried to tell him no earlier. He cared for her
    deeply, but she was his slut, and he knew her better than she even knew herself.  
It had scared him for a moment to
    think he might have gone too far. But just the mention of leaving her had
    her crawling back to him, begging to do what ever he wanted. He felt so powerful,
    so proud. She was completely his now, he had no doubt that it would prove
    to be wonderful evening.  
He was going to make sure that she
    was used and humiliated beyond what she thought she could handle. He couldn't
    wait to see the anguish on her face as she struggled to obey, knowing if
    she didn't, she would lose him. There was no doubt she would obey. He couldn't
    wait to see her in the sluty clothes he bought for her. He usually preferred
    her naked and ready for him, but tonight he wanted her to feel like a whore.  
Midway down the steps he stopped
    and gasped slightly to himself. His shy little slut had been transformed.
    She stood in the middle of the room trying hard not to move. She truly looked
    like whore from the street.  
With every breath he caught a glimpse
    of her pussy peaking out beneath the skirt. The garters made her legs look
    incredibly sexy to him. He forced his eyes away from the sight to look up
    at her breasts. He chuckled; she had large beautiful breasts that were barely
    contained in the tiny pink shirt. He could see the tops of her nipples, he
    could imagine how humiliated she must be, standing there as he stared at
    her.  
"Acceptable," he said walking down
    the last of the steps to stand in front of her. He reached out and grabbed
    a nipple squeezing hard bringing a gasp to her lips. He held on tightly till
    he saw her eyes start to shine with tears before he let go. His attention
    had made her nipples hard, and they were even harder to keep concealed. He
    watched her struggle with it for a minute before he ordered her to leave
    it alone and go out to the car.  
She obediently turned to leave and
    he got wonderful view of her ass cheeks hanging out of the back of her skirt. "Bend
    over a little, slut," he ordered.  
She stopped and leaned over showing
    him almost all her ass and her puffy pussy lips peeking out from between
    her thighs. She was shining with wetness. He reached between her legs to
    run his finger along her pussy. She shuddered and moaned at his touch. Laughing
    he brought his finger around to her mouth.  
"Here slut, taste yourself, taste
    how ready you are for me and my friends." She moaned softly but took his
    finger into her warm moist mouth sucking off the juices. He lightly slapped
    her ass, signaling it was time to go.  
Walking to the car was a horrible
    experience. She was sure that all of the neighbors were watching out of their
    widows as she walked to the car, struggling to cover herself. She had to
    practically run to keep up with him, almost tripping in her heels, which
    prevented her from keeping her clothes under control.  
Once in the car he started to talk
    to her about everyday things, like his day at work. She couldn't concentrate
    on what he was saying though; she couldn't get her mind off of where they
    were going and what she was going to be doing.  
Finally, they arrived at a nice
    house in one of the more upscale suburbs outside of town. By then she was
    horribly worked up, shaking and nearing panic once again. He leaned in towards
    her, grabbing her behind her head and pulling her close. She tensed up --
    but when all he did was kiss her she soon melted into him, forgetting everything
    else. He rarely just kissed her.  
The kiss was warm and gentle, soothing
    her completely. When he lifted his head from her, her eyes were still closed
    and she was smiling. "Thank you Master," she whispered.  
"You're welcome pet. Now let's go." His
    words shook her back to reality, but she wasn't nearly as panicked as before.
    This time walking to the front door, she was too distracted to worry about
    her clothes. She couldn't imagine who lived here; she wanted to know how
    many men would be there, and how she would be expected to perform for them.  
Before knocking on the door, he
    pulled her leash out of his pocket and clipped it to her collar. Her collar
    was beautiful black leather with silver embroidery that read "pathetic." It
    had been a gift to her the first time they had met. He grabbed hold of her
    leash and rang the doorbell.  
It took a few seconds before someone
    opened the door. She caught her breath, as she recognized the man &ndash; he
    was Master's boss, she had met him once at a company dinner. He shook hands
    with her Master, and then his eyes came to her, staring her up and down.
    She started to fidget under his intense scrutiny, and saw his eyes light
    up at the sight of her pussy hanging out of her slutty skirt.  
"Thanks for coming Nate, everyone's
    here," the boss said with a smile. She felt angry and demeaned that he hadn't
    even acknowledged her. She didn't have time to think much about it though,
    because her Master was pulling her leash forcing her into the house.  
Leading her through a large entry
    way, he stopped her before she could enter the front room. She could hear
    voices and a television just a few feet away, but could still see no one.  
"Here pet, put this in your mouth." He
    put the leash in her mouth and situated her hands behind her back. "Now walk
    in there. And don't forget -- if you embarrass me, you will no longer be
    my slave."  
He propelled her slightly with a
    light shove to her back. She moaned softly as she walked into the main room.
    There were ten men sitting around, drinking, playing cards, and watching
    a porno on the television. She had just a second to take this in before the
    man closest to her noticed her and let out a shout.  
"Entertainments here boys! Goddamn
    Nate, you weren't kidding, she is a pretty whore." All the men shouted in
    agreement. She closed her eyes slightly; this didn't seem real to her. Her
    cheeks burned hotly as the men made various comments about her.  
"Love those tits."  
"Look at that big ass; I can't wait
    to get in there."  
She could feel her Master, he had
    walked up behind her, his presence soothing, allowing her to open her eyes
    and look around the room.  
"Well man, she sure looks like a
    whore in those clothes, but I want to see her out of them," one of the men
    said. She heard her Master's voice in her ear telling her to strip. This
    alone was almost enough to make her cry. Twelve pairs of eyes were staring
    at her as she started to raise the tiny shirt above her head. Master's boss
    had come back into the room and Master had stepped back to enjoy the show.  
She pulled the shirt up and off,
    her big succulent breasts flopped back down, shaking and jiggling, which
    brought cheers from the men. Next she pushed the skirt over her hips and
    let it fall to the floor. She was left in nothing but her collar, garter
    and stockings and her heels. She had to struggle very hard to put her hands
    back behind her back and not try to cover herself.  
"Spread your legs bitch, show them
    what they're going to be getting," she heard her Master say. A single tear
    slipped down her cheek as she spread her legs wide. She heard comments about
    what wet slut she was and moaned.  
"Stick your hips out and use your
    hands to pull your nasty cunt open, let them have a good look bitch," her
    Master demanded. She was trembling slightly as she bent her knees and pushed
    her pussy out. This got some cheers. Even more cheers came as she reached
    down and spread her bald pussy wide open. She was aware of how sticky she
    was down there, and the horrible aching of her swollen clit. She moaned loudly
    enough for everyone to hear. She pushed her hips out further before she even
    realized what she was doing.   
He laughed softly to himself. His
    little slut was already hot and ready, and no one had touched her yet. He
    thought she was so beautiful this way; face bright red and body trembling. "Ok
    slut, turn around and show them that tight little asshole of yours." He saw
    her take a slow ragged breath, but she quickly turned around and bent at
    the waist.  
She reached back, grabbing an ass
    cheek in each hand. He could see her face clearly now, eyes screwed shut,
    he could tell she was struggling not cry. "Open your eyes pet." She opened
    her eyes and he could see her shame and arousement clearly. Whatever she
    saw in his face caused her to shiver and moan loudly. He noticed with pleasure
    that she still had the leash tightly in her mouth.  
He motioned for his boss to approach
    her. The man walked up to her and took the leash from her mouth, leading
    her towards a table in the middle of the room. She looked back at Him, pleading
    with her eyes. He just smiled. She was instructed to sit on the table legs
    spread wide so they could get a better look.  
She sat on the table with her legs
    spread wide, leash forgotten and hanging down between her breasts. She bit
    her lip softly as the men started to gather around her.  
Hands reached out and touched her
    everywhere. They caressed and pinched her nipples. Hands ran over her thighs
    and pussy lips, rubbed her ass hole, and pinched her ass. It felt wonderful
    to have so many hands touching and caressing her. She threw her head back
    moaning loudly as a finger entered her pussy.  
The hands left her abruptly and
    something was placed on her stomach. She looked down and saw a huge dildo
    laying on her. "Come on bitch," one of the men told her, "fuck yourself,
    and make yourself cum for us."  
She just stared for second. She
    couldn't masturbate herself here, in front of all these men. That would be
    too humiliating. She turned her head and saw Master staring intently at her
    from the corner. She could not disappoint him. She picked up the dildo and
    opened her mouth wide. She slid the dildo as far into her mouth as she could,
    getting it wet, although she knew her cunt needed no lubrication.  
The dildo came out of her mouth
    with a loud pop. She trailed the plastic cock down between her breasts and
    down her stomach leaving a shining trail down to her pussy. She moaned loudly
    as she dragged it over her swollen clit. She wanted to just rub her aching
    clit and get off, but she kept going to the entrance to her pussy.  
The dildo was huge, about nine inches
    long and very wide, but she had no problem sliding it into her soaking wet
    cunt. She threw her head back again as the toy slid deep into her cunt. She
    slowly started to pull the large cock in and out of her pussy. Her breathing
    quickened, and her pussy juice dripped down to soak her asshole. She started
    fucking herself quicker, completely unaware of her surroundings. Her orgasm
    was coming nearer and nearer. "Master, may I cum please?"  
"Cum, pet." She heard his voice
    and it sent her over the edge. Her body tightened and she screamed as her
    pussy contracted hard on the dildo lodged deep inside her. The orgasm seemed
    to last forever, washing over her in wave after wave.  
As the effects of her orgasm wore
    off she opened her eyes and looked around at the men watching her, and felt
    pride as she took in the intense looks of desire in their eyes. But it was
    short lived. Humiliation set in as she slowly pulled the dildo from her cunt
    causing her body to shake in tiny spasms.  
"In your mouth, cunt -- clean it," her
    Master said. Her face flushed in anger. He didn't have to tell her that,
    she knew the rules. She brought the slimy toy to her lips, sticking out her
    tongue and licking it all over like it was a popsicle. She felt defiant.
    Throwing the used toy on the floor, she turned around and got on all fours.
    Turning her head to look back at the men, she wiggled her hips invitingly
    at them.  
"Well, I thought you guys wanted
    to fuck. Are you going to just sit there?" She heard her Master laugh and
    she swung her head to look at him, anger in her eyes.  
"Cunt, you don't honestly believe
    you're going to just sit there as these men fuck you, do you? No slut, you're
    going to be a busy little whore. Get off that table now," He demanded. He
    watched as her face fell and she climbed slowly from the table. She had tried
    to take control, and now she felt shame for it.  
"Scott, ever had your asshole licked
    by a true whore before?" His eyes never left hers as he addressed His friend.
    The look of horror that crossed her face was priceless. "Crawl over to Scott
    pet, and show him what a good ass licker you are."  
Swallowing back a sob, she crawled
    to the man farthest from her. He had already taken off his pants, and was
    lifting up his legs so she could reach his ass. She hesitated a minute, staring
    at his hairy asshole in disgust. Tears started running down her face as she
    leaned forward and stuck her tongue out to lick his tight hole. He sighed
    loudly as she started to work on him.  
The men around her were encouraging
    her to suck and lick. Harder and faster they ordered her. She wasn't holding
    back now, attacking his asshole like she could somehow make him sorry for
    enjoying her mouth. She felt a hand behind her, smacking her ass, spanking
    her, and voice ordering her to push her tongue deep in his ass.  
"Eat his ass slut, moan bitch, you
    know you love it." She did moan.  
The spanking stopped and her anal
    passage was suddenly invaded by large fingers, pushing her harder between
    Scott's ass cheeks. She moaned louder as her asshole was stretched wide.  
"That's enough bitch, get your mouth
    on my cock." She gratefully took his cock in her mouth.  
It wasn't as big as her Master's,
    so she had no problem taking it all down her throat, barely gagging at all.
    She worked his cock with her tongue, circling and licking the head before
    plunging it back down her throat.  
She felt a cock enter her pussy
    and started to moan uncontrollably, setting off the cock in her mouth. Her
    throat worked hard to swallow all his cum, and she was gratified to feel
    him grab her hair and grunt loudly as he spent himself in her mouth.  
His release was like some unspoken
    signal for the men. They converged around her, lifting her back up to the
    table and placing her on her hands and knees. She felt another cock in her
    pussy as two cocks were placed before her face.  
She was kept busy then. There was
    constantly a cock in her face, pushing down her throat. They fucked her pussy
    over and over, eventually plunging into her ass as well. At one point she
    was made to sit on a cock so another could fuck her ass from behind. She
    couldn't believe the amazing full feeling as she was fucked by three cocks
    at once.  
At one point the biggest of the
    men came up to her, bent over, and stuck his ass in her face. Her sweaty,
    tear stained, cum soaked face twisted in disgust &ndash; his ass was filthy,
    and stunk of shit and sweat.  
"What bitch, too good to eat my
    ass? Come one you stupid whore, did you think I would wash for a filthy cunt
    like you? Get to work!" She was sobbing uncontrollably now, she looked at
    her Master, but he just smiled and nodded his head.  
She gagged hard as she tongued his
    filthy ass. Her tongue scraped up his filth as she cried uncontrollably,
    not paying attention anymore to the cocks pounding her ass and pussy. She
    was coughing and spitting when he turned around and roughly pushed his cock
    down her throat.  
He had her hair pushing her down,
    panic hit her, she couldn't breath! She was seeing spots before he let her
    loose. He did this over and over, depriving her of breath. She would use
    what little breath she had when he let her go to beg him to stop, but he
    was cruel, and did it over and over till he finally came down her throat.  
Someone kindly brought her something
    to drink after that. She was able to rest for a little while as she drank.
    She was sweaty and hot; she had lost count of the number of times they had
    made her cum. They had sucked on her sensitive nipples, and licked her pussy
    until she was begging them to let her rest.  
Her pussy and ass were dripping
    cum and her face was covered in it. She looked around for her Master, but
    couldn't find Him. She wondered where he had gone. She felt so alone. The
    men were starting to catch a second wind. She was exhausted, and pleaded
    with them when they started to near her again.  
"Please let me rest, I'm so tired
    and sore. Do you know where my Master went? Please don't touch me again,
    I can't stand it."  
They laughed at her and grabbed
    her leash yanking her head back and flipping her around. She realized the
    worst was yet to come as her head was placed hanging off the table. A cock
    was shoved in her mouth, forcing her head as far back as it could go. This
    angle allowed the cock to go impossibly deep down her throat. She started
    gagging uncontrollably on his cock.  
"Ahhh, that's right cunt, gag on
    my cock," the man said as he pushed harder and slapped her face over and
    over as her raped her throat.  
All the men wanted to throat fuck
    her. Cock after cock was forced down her throat. She could barely see, her
    eyes were watering horribly from the repeated gagging. She had thrown up
    twice, spewing bile, frothy saliva and swallowed cum all over her face and
    chest. It was humiliating, degrading, dehumanizing -- but the men didn't
    seem to mind.  
Her stomach muscles hurt. She hurt
    everywhere. Finally the last one finished face fucking her. He pulled out
    and came all over her stomach.  
She was breathing hard now, trying
    to catch her breath as she rolled onto her side. She was a sticky mess. She
    felt a hand grab her hair and pull her head up. When she opened her eyes
    she saw her Master looking down at her.  
"God, you're a filthy mess, pig.
    We should clean you up." He laughed at her and spit in her face. "I have
    a present for you pig, a nice little piggy tail." She moaned as he held up
    a large butt plug for her to see.  
It had a pink pig's tail on the
    end of it. She crawled onto her hands and knees again presenting her ass
    to him. She hardly felt it as he slid it up her slimy ass. "Wiggle your ass
    for us piggy."   
"Yes Master," she whispered hoarsely,
    her throat scraped raw from repeated cocks. When she wiggled her ass, the
    tail flopped back and forth. The men thought this was incredibly funny.  
"Oink for us piggy. Oink for us
    and we'll take you upstairs and clean you up," someone said. The thought
    of being clean was encouragement enough to make her oink loudly, much to
    the amusement of the men. She started crying then, but willingly obeyed as
    the men made her crawl around and oink and sob.  
"Ok pet, let's go upstairs." Master
    grabbed her leash and led her up the stairs to the large master bathroom.
    The hard tile of the bathroom hurt her knees, but He let her up quickly.
    They turned her around so she could see herself in the mirror. She gasped
    as she saw herself:  
There were long trails of mascara
    running down her face, and lipstick smeared everywhere. Her hair was full
    of sticky cum, making it stick to her face in places. She could see bruises
    on her tits where they had grabbed her and twisted her nipples cruelly.  
She started crying anew when she
    noticed that at some point during the night someone had taken a pen and written
    on her body. The word whore was written across her forehead, and slut was
    written across her stomach. Between her legs was a sloppy mess, all the cum
    mixed together to coat her thighs.  
He watched her as she looked at
    herself in the mirror. She looked horrible, and her shoulders slumped as
    she wept. She had been used hard and looked every inch of it. He himself
    hadn't fucked her all night; just let his friends have her. It had gone on
    for hours, at one point he had even left to get more beer. He wasn't quite
    done with her yet though. He guided her to the bathtub, placing her on her
    knees.  
"Look at me pet." She looked up
    at him with dejected eyes. "Open your mouth." He was pulling out his dick
    and aiming it for her mouth. She obediently kept her mouth open.  
"You couldn't see it, but I wrote
    piss whore on your back. Let's show my friends what good little piss whore
    you are." And with that he let a stream of piss hit her face. She squeezed
    her eyes shut and put out her hands as if to ward off the stream. Never did
    she close her mouth, even though she was coughing and spitting. He mostly
    aimed for her mouth, but thankfully the others were more generous.  
Each and every man there pissed
    all over her, one and two at a time. Her hair and body were covered in piss
    when they were through. Great sobs were wracking her body, she couldn't open
    her eyes, piss had got in them and they burned horribly.  
Master reached over and turned on
    the shower. She gasped loudly as the cold water hit her body. "Wash up pet,
    I'll be back in few minutes."  
She washed the piss out of her eyes
    and went to work washing the filth from her body. She scrubbed hard at the
    pen marks, but only succeeded in getting them to fade a little. Her mind
    was numb. She didn't even want to think of what had happened that night.  
When she was done she stepped out
    the shower, blessedly alone. She found a towel and dried her body. He came
    back just as she finished. She took a few steps toward him and sunk to her
    knees. She leaned down and kissed his feet.  
He watched her as she quietly started
    to cry again. "Why are you crying pet? They aren't going to use you anymore.
    I'm very proud of you. Kneel up, let me look at you." She raised her head
    up and looked into his eyes. He was surprised; he didn't know what he was
    expecting, but not the pure expression of love and devotion on her face.  
"Thank you Master, I love you."  
"I love you too, pet. You haven't
    disappointed me. You have earned my mark pet."  
His words brought fresh tears to
    her eyes. She reached up and undid his pants; she wanted to thank him the
    best way she knew how. He smiled down at her as she lovingly took his cock
    into her mouth. She sucked gently and licked his balls and cock until he
    came in her mouth.  
She licked her lips when he was
    done and then licked his cock clean before kissing the head and putting him
    back in his pants.  
"Thank you slut," he told her as
    he petted her hair. She sighed and rested her cheek against him. She was
    exhausted and thrilled. She had made him happy, and he said she had earned
    his mark. This is what she lived for. She was never happier than at this
    moment.  
"I love you," she whispered again.  
"I know pet. Lets go, you still
    need to thank my friends for using you so well." She shivered slightly, but
    got to her feet and followed obediently downstairs.   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  kira9871


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





