BDSM Library - Thrilling Rape Fantasies - Illustrated




Thrilling Rape Fantasies - Illustrated
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Repressed and manipulative Alison discovers a side of herself she didn't know existed. Unknown to her, her life is already being controlled by sinister forces. This is just the first chapter of a much longer work.THRILLING RAPE FANTASIES  
 THE ADVENTURES OF ALISON  
 By Teamster  
All contents copyright Ralph Reese 2004 and may not be used without permission
  in writing from the author.  
 COVER ART;  
A classy-looking young blonde cowers on her butt in a dirty alley surrounded
  by garbage cans, etc. A menacing shadow looms over her. Her skirt has ridden
  up over her thighs revealing the tops of her stockings and the vee of her satiny
  panties&hellip;  
 DISCLAIMER;  
The following is a work of fiction, a fantasy. It neither is nor is meant
  to represent an actual description of real people or events. No real human
  being could possibly have the stamina to withstand all the action I have compressed
  into such a short period of time. Furthermore, such behavior would be extremely
  dangerous, if not life-threatening. Under no circumstances am I to be understood
  as advocating the use of intramuscular or iv injections of drugs as an adjunct
  to sex or indeed at any other time. I hope I need not remind you all of the
  health risks associated with such activities. It's dangerous to mess around
  with needles, kids&hellip; I can tell you that for a fact.  
 
CHAPTER ONE 
Alison returns to a modern office tower in a big city after running out to
  buy office supplies for her boss. It is becoming dusk, perhaps seven or eight
  o'clock in the evening, and she has been told that she will have to work late
  tonight to help prepare some big presentation for tomorrow. Her high-heeled
  footsteps echo in the half-darkened lobby as she crosses it to get into an
  empty elevator.  
Before the doors can close a big muscular black guy dressed in a gangsta
  rap t shirt, baggy jeans and sneakers who appears to be a messenger arrives
  and gets into the elevator with her, glaring at her silently as the sexy young
  blonde unconsciously shrinks away into the back corner. His name is Leroy and
  he reeks of sweat and carries some sort of satchel. She, on the other hand,
  looks cool as a cucumber even in the smoldering august heat and moves in a
  waft of perfume&hellip; something light and floral.  
Alison is one of those perfectly-groomed and immaculately made-up receptionist
  types you meet in the waiting rooms of large corporations. She is about twenty
  and obviously much impressed with the money and power and status of big business
  and the corporate lifestyle. Although she is very attractive and seemingly
  self-possessed, Alison has a secret. Deep down in her guts there is always
  a tight knot of anxiety, a kind of nameless dread and feeling of emptiness
  that nothing can ever seem to penetrate. Perhaps this is why she affects such
  an air of icy indifference and hauteur.  
Although Alison doesn't realize it, not being gifted with much talent for
  introspection, she has built a wall around herself and her feelings that keeps
  her from being able to experience any real love or tenderness. To make up for
  this, she has experienced a long series of superficial relationships, picking
  up and discarding boyfriends as she quickly becomes bored and/or disappointed
  in them or their usefulness to her ends, never really knowing what it is she
  is looking for. Through it all she has remained coldly manipulative, using
  her sex and good looks as a weapon, a way of getting attention and achieving
  status.  
Basically she is a shallow, vacuous and greedy bitch who confuses material
  possessions and status with inner happiness, being too fearful to open herself
  up to real feeling. Sometimes she wishes vaguely for a man who will be strong
  enough to somehow break through her defenses and rescue her from her self-imposed
  sense of isolation, but whenever she meets someone the same thing happens&hellip; the
  more they seem to like her and the nicer they treat her the more contemptuous
  she feels until it reaches a point where she can't stand to be around them
  any more.  
Alison knows she's no intellectual&hellip; she'll never win the Nobel Prize
  or find the cure for cancer. Her tastes in reading are pretty much confined
  to fashion and celebrity magazines and lurid romance novels. The only purpose
  for her life she has been able to find so far has been to come to the big city,
  find herself a rich husband, and retire to devote the rest of her life to spending
  his money. The idea of having to care for children fills her with dread.  
Maybe that's because her own family life was so fucked up. After her father's
  suicide when she was eight, her mother turned to Jesus, becoming more and more
  harshly puritanical and weird&hellip; As Alison flowered into graceful young
  womanhood, her mother's disapproval of her developing sexuality became more
  and more extreme. By the time she was nineteen and had graduated from secretarial
  school she couldn't wait to leave their barren household and look for a job
  and an apartment in the city.  
Despite her mother's imprecations, Alison enjoys being feminine and is very
  much aware of the desire she arouses in men. On this muggy late summer evening
  she's wearing a light and sheer pink floral print dress, which ends around
  mid-thigh, and high-heeled strappy sandals with brightly painted toenails peeking
  out. Above her white thigh-high stockings her sheer high cut nylon panties
  cling damply to the extra-sensitive lips of her recently-shaved mound. The
  new bathing suit her roommate/girlfriend Fiona dared her to buy on their weekend
  shopping trip was so revealing that almost all her hair "down there" had to
  go.  
Fiona is a petite, stacked little brunette with a sensual look. The very
  night before she had wound up tonguing Alison to orgasm after helping her shave
  her bikini line. The young blonde hadn't meant for that to happen&hellip; it
  must have been those couple of joints they smoked. They were certainly much
  stronger than anything she ever tried before&hellip; now she kind of wonders
  what was in them. Fiona seems kind of kinky and she appears to get a lot of
  presents from men. Sometimes at night when her roommate is entertaining a gentleman
  caller, Alison hears the sounds of flesh being struck and moaning and whimpering
  from the other room, but the other girl always seems perfectly serene the next
  morning, without visible marks or bruises, so she just turns up the volume
  on the TV and tries to ignore it. Still, the memory gives her a funny feeling
  in the pit of her stomach&hellip;  
The fact is, her roommate is a shameless little slut who brings home a different
  thug every night and does IV drugs. If you look carefully you can see the lines
  of tracks along her pussy lips and on her inner thighs. But enough about her
  for now, except to say that she plans to help her goody-goody friend Alison
  to liberate herself from the constraints of conventional morality and that
  she keeps a fine collection of sexy underwear, corsets, and enema bags on hand.
  Not to mention handcuffs, whips and chains. Not that Alison is aware of any
  of this as yet.  
Fiona works as a "personal assistant" to Mr. Slate, the CEO of the large
  construction and realty business where Alison has now taken a position as a
  receptionist. She befriended Alison when the girl first started working there
  a month ago and soon took the young blonde in as a roommate, offering her a
  very favorable deal on the rent and enabling her to get out of the stodgy ladies'
  hotel where she had been staying. They have a beautiful ultra-modern furnished
  apartment in a luxurious high-rise, all chrome and glass and with a nice view
  from the terrace, although the place is decorated like a whorehouse, rather
  overdone with lace and frills, mirrored ceilings, etc. Unbeknownst to Alison,
  the whole place is wired with concealed video cameras and actually belongs
  to Slate Industries. Already Mr. Slate has hundreds of hours of tape of the
  comely blonde undressing, going to the bathroom, bathing and even having occasional
  perfunctory sex with her latest boyfriend.  
Alison is of medium height, about 5'4" but built very slender in the shoulders
  and joints, with maybe a 22 inch waist. She weighs in around 110 pounds. In
  spite of this her tits are nice and full, like maybe a 34D. They look even
  bigger on such a small frame. She has a butt like a thoroughbred race horse&hellip; high
  and firm but full and rounded. Her skin is pale translucent ivory, her long
  hair streaky ash blonde, and her oval face is at once innocent and aristocratic.
  In short, she's a walking Barbie doll and she knows it. Her make-up and nails
  are always immaculate, and she always looks refined and fresh as a daisy, even
  in this sweltering august heat. Long dangly earrings hang from her multiply-pierced
  ears, something else her kinky roommate talked her into doing on their trip
  to the mall. The two new studs she wears in each ear still hurt a little, but
  she has to admit there is something kind of exciting about the act of being
  pierced&hellip; something symbolic that makes her feel sexy when she thinks
  about it. Fiona already has a ring in her belly button&hellip; who knows what's
  next.  
So anyway Alison knows she's a knockout and takes a certain pride in all
  the attention she gets from men, although sometimes it embarrasses or even
  scares her, like when the construction workers on the way to her office shout
  obscene remarks and suggestions at her. The sexy young blonde even has a new
  boyfriend, a young junior-accountant type named Tom, who also works for Slate
  Industries. A clean-cut young man who takes her out to dinners and shows and
  always treats her respectfully. She even lets him fuck her once a week or so,
  although sometimes she wishes he weren't so overeager and anxious to please.
  Maybe that's why sex with him is a little less passionate than she might like.
  She kind of thinks of him as a cute puppy dog. Sometimes she wishes he were
  more like her boss, Mr. Slate.  
Mr. Slate is a kind of well-fed shark who walks with an air of determination
  and authority and is known to be very demanding. You can just feel the aggression
  oozing from his pores. Alison has seen him to be ruthless, even cruel, in his
  business dealings and his handling of subordinates, but that doesn't bother
  her. The little cutie lives in awe of her boss, who she actually has kind of
  a secret crush on. As a matter of fact, lately she's been wearing sexier outfits
  to the office, hoping that this sleekly mature and sophisticated man will notice
  her. As if someone as important as he would even take the time to talk to an
  insignificant little receptionist. She envisions him taking her out to a fancy
  dinner in an elegant limousine. She gets goosebumps imagining him kissing her.
  The hot-looking blonde rationalizes this by thinking that she's just trying
  to advance her career, and her roommate seems to encourage her. So anyway,
  Alison has gone out of her way to wear something enticing today both to impress
  her boss and because she has a date with her boyfriend after work. She thinks
  her plan is working, because she noticed Mr. Slate giving her the once-over
  as she sat in front of him in his office earlier this afternoon flirtatiously
  crossing and uncrossing her long legs as he gave her instructions. His unwaveringly
  appraising stare finally forced her to look away, blushing.  
Dorian Slate, born Domenico Spalluto, is the son of Sicilian immigrants who
  grew up in the East Bronx, where his father was a typical hard-working stonemason.
  Although not actually a made member of the mafia, Slate is as they say connected,
  through his father's pals in the corrupt building trades unions and his own
  friends and partners in various crimes and hustles he was involved in when
  he was just another tough guinea growing up in the neighborhood. He has used
  his connections and his own scheming driving ambition to carve out a prominent
  niche in the big city real estate and construction business. The construction
  company is just one of many mob-influenced ventures&hellip; he's got his fingers
  in a lot of pies. Nightclubs, concrete and building materials, labor racketeering,
  drugs&hellip; One look at his face and you can tell instantly that he would
  not hesitate to kill anyone that got in his way. He is a guy who has fought
  and clawed his way to the top of the heap with a combination of ruthlessness
  and cunning, and knows where a few bodies are buried along the way. Although
  he is very smooth, capable of appearing relaxed and genial, he has the flat
  black eyes and thousand-yard stare of a professional assassin. Alison thinks
  of it as a penetrating gaze. His coldly superior demeanor makes her feel uncharacteristically
  self-conscious in his presence. Sometimes she feels as though he can see right
  through her clothes, leaving the usually self-possessed young woman feeling
  awkwardly naked and defenseless. A not entirely unpleasant sensation, given
  her feelings for the darkly handsome older man.  
Right now, as she stands towards the back of the elevator, the lovely blonde
  wishes that her little nippies didn't jut quite so provocatively against the
  flimsy fabric of her summer dress. Just thinking of them seems to make them
  harden involuntarily. She holds the package she is carrying up in front of
  herself protectively.  
Reflexively straightening herself up and trying to look composed, the young
  lady stares at the ceiling, the floor, anyplace but at the big sweaty muscular
  black guy standing two feet in front of her. He glares at her insolently and
  she feels his eyes unabashedly ogling her as he licks his big slobbery lips
  and suggestively rubs his crotch. She stares icily into space. He turns and
  pushes the button for the twenty-third floor and Alison's heart sinks. They
  are both going to the same place. She had hoped he would be getting out before
  her.  
Alison wishes someone else would show up to break the tension, but no one
  does and finally the elevator doors slide silently shut. She studies the guy's
  face surreptitiously in the circular mirror over their heads, noting the long
  jagged scar running down his cheek, probably a souvenir of some back-alley
  knife fight. At the corner of his left eye are two blue tears, tattooed there
  in memory of fellow gang members killed in a drive-by. At least now the elevator
  is finally moving. It goes up fifteen or twenty stories or so, then suddenly
  grinds to a stop in between floors with a lurch that throws them both to the
  floor together. He lands on top of her on the floor of the elevator, scattering
  her packages around. She is uncomfortably aware of his knee pressed between
  her thighs against her belly where her dress has ridden up, and of his crushing
  weight on top of her and his hot breath in her face.  
For a few seconds, nobody moves. Gradually, the pretty blonde realizes that
  instead of getting off of her he is in fact rubbing his crotch against her
  and she feels his massive dick beginning to get hard.  
Grimacing in fear and disgust, she rakes his face with her polished pink
  fingernails and tries to struggle to her feet and make a lunge for the alarm
  button. She pushes it and&hellip;. Nothing happens! She feels a meaty hand
  on her shoulder, spinning her around and&hellip; WHAMMO!  
Alison falls to the ground, seeing stars. He has cuffed her hard upside the
  head, stunning her. Tears spring to her eyes as her lips start trembling uncontrollably.
  No one has ever hit her like this before and she reacts like a little girl.
  Alison realizes that maybe she made a big mistake getting physical with this
  guy. A guy who has no inhibitions about hitting women, not some love-sick teenager
  in the back of a car. A guy to whom violence comes as naturally as breathing.  
He stands over her breathing hard, his dark eyes snappy with hate. A thin
  trickle of blood runs down his cheek where she clawed him. "Mutha fuggin bitch&hellip; you
  shouldn't oughta done that." He quickly squats down on top of her, pinning
  her to the floor as he pulls a long blade from out of his pants pocket and
  snaps it open in front of her. "Now you gots to shut the fuck up and do what
  I say, or I'll have to cut out one of those pretty blue eyes&hellip; you got
  that, you snotty little twat?" He runs the sharp tip of the blade over her
  soft downy cheek, making her tremble. She nods silently, still blubbering.
  He picks up the package she had dropped on the floor of the elevator. Inside,
  along with some staples and other office shit, he finds a couple rolls of package
  sealing tape. Just what he needs. He grabs her slender wrists and tapes them
  together in front of her, winding the tape around and around four or five times
  good and tight, then bringing a loop up in between and tying it off so there's
  no wiggle room.  
At this point, Alison realizes that she is probably going to be raped, if
  not worse. Starting to recover her wits, she pleads with him not to tie her,
  telling him she'll cooperate if he just doesn't hurt her any more, etc. He
  slaps her in the face, giving her a fat lip. "You don't lissen too good&hellip; Didn't
  I just tell you to shut the fuck up? One more word and I'll tape your fucking
  mouth shut." Now that he has her hands securely bound, he roughly hoists the
  girl to her feet and stands her up in the center of the elevator, raising her
  hands up over her head. Alison struggles to keep silent as he takes more tape
  and fastens her wrists to the light fixture over her head, pulling it so tightly
  so that she has to rise up on tiptoes. Stepping back to admire his handiwork,
  he likes the way this position makes her breasts thrust forward and her back
  arch slightly. She too notices the way her magnificent tits are thrusting against
  the thin fabric of her dress as if begging for attention. Her throat is knotted
  with fear and anguish. "Dass better&hellip;" he says, "Gots to keep you bitches
  under control." He grabs her full thrusting boobs and mauls them savagely as
  she hangs there, making her writhe and gasp. Not content with this, he thrusts
  his big hard hand down between her legs, roughly squeezing and fondling her
  warm damp softness through the sheer fabric of her silky panties. The terrified
  blonde shrieks and tries to squeeze her legs together, but a single fierce
  look from her tormentor convinces her to give it up. She hangs there limply,
  her knees shaking so badly she can hardly stand as he toys with her, keeping
  up a chorus of invective all the while. "Mutha fuggin hot bitch twat&hellip; snotty
  ass fuckin cunt&hellip;" etc. etc.  
After a minute or two he gets bored with feeling her up, picks up her handbag
  and empties it out on the floor of the elevator. All her personal stuff is
  laid out there. First he cleans out her purse, taking all the money and credit
  cards and learning her name, address and phone number. "It sez here youse a
  receptionist, huh baby? Thass great cause you gonna give a nice reception to
  this here big black dick." In a separate little zippered pouch he finds her
  diaphragm and jelly kit, along with some condoms, cute colored ones with ribs
  and shit. The sexy young blonde burns with humiliation as he inspects these
  items. "Planning on getting fucked tonight, were you, sweet cheeks? Good thing
  you remembered to pack some lube&hellip; It'll make it easier getting my Jim
  Johnson up your little pink asshole. I fucked me some faggots up there in the
  joint, but now I gots me some fine tight bitch ass."  
When Alison hears this she totally panics and starts begging him again; " Please
  don't do that I'll do anything you'll kill me I never did that before I couldn't
  stand it" etc. etc. "Didn't I just tell you to shut the fuck up?!!" he screams. "So
  far I only told you to do one thing and you can't even do that!" He comes toward
  her with the knife in his hand. At this point the bound blonde loses it completely
  and wets herself in fear. The warm urine runs down her stockinged legs and
  forms a puddle on the floor. "Fucking bitch you pissed youself!" he laughs
  as she whimpers in shame. "I ain't gonna cut you&hellip; at least not yet." He
  takes the knife and deftly slits the shoulder straps of her dress and bra.
  The girl's full rounded breasts spring free as he rips them off and tramples
  them on the urine-soaked floor. As he bends down and pulls her panties down
  and off she starts struggling and kicking. Another mistake. "Fuckin bitch you
  just don't get it!" he growls. "Now I'm gonna have to whip your ass!" He grabs
  her cunt through the piss-soaked panties and pulls and twists on her pussy
  lips until she whimpers in submission. "Don't make me hurt you, bitch&hellip; this
  up till now was just fun and games."  
Pulling the urine-soaked panties off her legs and wadding them up in his
  hand he forces them between her full bright pink lips and into her mouth as
  she gasps for breath, tears running down her cheeks. He then takes some more
  tape and wraps it around her face, stuffing them in there tightly. Now she'll
  shut up. Alison now hangs there effectively bound and gagged, reduced to making
  little meeping noises through her nose and tasting the salty tang of her own
  piss in her mouth. Never in her life has she felt so completely helpless. She
  pants for breath, her nostrils flaring. Now Leroy can examine her naked cunt
  at leisure. He squats down and sticks his face in there, forcing her legs apart
  with his powerful arms and shoulders, admiring the smoothness of her freshly
  shaved pussy lips. Just a little tuft of hair is left above her mound. With
  surprising gentleness he strokes her, working a finger up between her inner
  lips to fondle her clit. The sexy blonde secretary gasps as electrifying messages
  run up her spine and make her buck her hips involuntarily. "Like that, huh?" he
  sneers. He teases her clit like that for a few minutes, gradually working a
  finger, then two inside her as her pussy begins to moisten itself defensively.
  When he's got her good and juicy, he takes another finger and slowly starts
  corkscrewing it up into her tight and hairless pink rectum. Alison writhes
  in her bondage, totally controlled by the fingers impaling her from beneath,
  now wearing only her stockings and high heels. She is mortified to realize
  that she is lubricating herself for him, his thick bony fingers squelching
  in and out of her more and more easily now&hellip; Not since she was a little
  girl has anything invaded her backside, and the sensation brings back childlike
  feelings of dependence and submission, unwanted in this new context. She tries
  to shake it off, to get herself together mentally. After a moment, her tormentor
  realizes that she is no longer responding to him and stands up again.  
"Bitch, you be havin too much fun." He says. "I done promised you a whippin
  and now you gonna get it." He takes some more tape and wraps it around her
  trim ankles, binding them tightly. "Now try to kick&hellip;" he says. She hangs
  there totally immobilized as he steps back and pulls his wide black leather
  belt from his pants. He doubles it up and cracks it on his hand a few times
  with a loud smack. Just the sound of it makes the tearful blonde shake in terror.
  Without further ado, he lays into her backside with the heavy belt using all
  the strength in his muscular arm, leaving wide red welts across the cheeks
  of her girlish ass, which jiggles and wiggles under the pounding like jelly
  on a plate. After the second or third blow, Alison lets go and just starts
  screaming helplessly into the gag. For the young lady the next few minutes
  seem endless&hellip; an endless world of burning pain and punishment that goes
  on and on and on. When her whole butt is flaming red, with a few darkish purple
  streaks, he turns her around and goes to work on the front of her thighs.  
By the time he is done, throwing the belt aside, Alison is a sobbing limp
  rag doll, all thoughts of resistance totally driven from her mind. At this
  point, the only thing she cares about is pleasing this evil black bastard so
  he doesn't beat her any more. He holds her chin in his hand, looking into her
  tear-streaked face as black streaks of mascara run down her cheeks. "I don't
  think I'm gonna have any more trouble from you now, am I, you uppity little
  twat?" The girl shakes her head no. "You wanna blow me?" he asks her. She nods
  vociferously&hellip; anything as long as he stops whipping her. "Well, you'll
  get your chance." He says, "But first we gonna have us a little party."  
Going into his messenger bag, he pulls out a small glass vial with a tiny
  spoon attached, full of a sparkling white powder. First he does a couple of
  toots himself, peeling off his jeans in between snorts, his eyes lighting up
  with fiendish excitement as the powerful drugs take hold. It's a special blend
  of stimulants and hypnotics&hellip; something similar to extasy or MDNA. His
  cock springs forth in all its glory, a good twelve inches long and as thick
  as Alison's slender wrist, getting harder by the minute. He jerks on it a little,
  rubbing it on her welts, smacking it against her tender backside. He reaches
  up and peels the tape from the blonde's face, finally allowing her to spit
  out the piss-soaked panties. "You done sucked all the juice out of these motherfuckers&hellip;" he
  grins as she lowers her eyes in shame. At least now she can breathe. "You ain't
  gonna make no more fuss, now, is you?" She shakes her head to say no, afraid
  to speak. "Here take a couple hits of this here shit&hellip;" he says, holding
  a spoonful of stuff up to her nose. "You ain't gonna refuse my hospitality
  now, is you? You want me to go get my belt?" The lovely blonde realizes that
  she has no choice but to take the drugs. Obediently, she closes her eyes and
  sniffs hard, the white powder disappearing up her nose.  
The first jolt hits her like an electric shock, burning into the back of
  her brain and numbing the pain of her whipped ass and her tortured arms and
  shoulders. The second spoonful makes her heart pound in her chest while sending
  a warm soothing rush up and down her spine, making her suddenly relax in her
  bonds, her terror strangely undercut now by a growing excitement. The third
  hit seems to go directly to her clit, making it ache and stand up at attention
  as she suddenly realizes once again her naked helplessness and the fact that
  she is about to be brutally raped. She turns the word over in her mind, staring
  with mixed emotions at the big black cock in front of her. Now she wishes that
  Leroy would untie her legs. Her head is swimming and she's stoned out of her
  mind, her mouth open as she breathes heavily, feeling an aching fullness in
  her belly and a restless tingling in her clit&hellip; the need for orgasm.
  Now she finds herself wishing he would touch her there again. Passively she
  watches him pull the tape from her ankles. Alison gasps as he stands up to
  kiss her, opening her mouth to let him stick his tongue down her throat and
  moaning as he fondles her hairless pussy with his big hands. Could she actually
  be enjoying this? She feels her own inner wetness, her whole body trembling
  with need. Somehow the fear that knots in her belly only makes it more deliciously
  exciting for her&hellip; She thinks vaguely that she must be out of her mind.
  Somehow the anger and resentment she should be feeling at this treatment has
  been swept aside in a rising tide of&hellip; she knows not what. But now is
  not the time for shame and guilt&hellip; that would come later. Right now Leroy
  is cutting her down from the light fixture, forcing her to kneel in front of
  him with her wrists still tied. She knows without being told what he wants
  her to do next.  
"Bite me and I'll knock your fuckin teeth out." He sez, holding her bound
  wrists up over her head with one hand and grabbing a fistful of her hair with
  the other. But she has no intention of biting him. Instead she licks and sucks
  his big black dick like a little kitten with a bowl of milk. Her tongue dances
  around in little circles on the underside of his mammoth manthing. Wet slurping
  sounds fill the elevator, along with his guttural grunts of satisfaction. Not
  satisfied with that kind of action, he forces more and more of his thick purplish
  fuckrod down her throat till her eyes are bulging and she's choking on it.
  She can barely stretch her lips around his thickness. Alison leans forward
  into it to straighten her gullet, allowing him to fuck her face, his hairy
  black nuts bouncing off her dimpled chin. Tears are once again streaming down
  her face as she gags repeatedly. This close, his cock seems even bigger than
  it did before, the veins standing out like ropes all over it. Does he have
  to be so rough? Doesn't he understand that she was trying to please him?  
Meanwhile, downstairs at the security desk, Manuel the night guard is watching
  all of this on his closed-circuit TV monitor and drinking a cerveza. Far from
  being unaware of what is going on in the stalled elevator, it now appears as
  if all this is some sort of conspiracy of which he is but a small part. He
  gets on the phone to Mr. Slate in his private office upstairs, who is also
  observing the action on his own monitor as he sits behind his massive mahogany
  desk, sipping a Glenlivet. Fiona is bent over the desk to one side of him panting,
  her eyes fixed on the screen and her panties down around her knees as he idly
  toys with her twat. The security guy asks him if everything is going according
  to plan. Slate replies that Leroy should get a bonus for this performance.
  Meanwhile, a VCR whirrs in the background, taping the whole unfolding drama
  for future use. Manuel gets off the phone with his boss and calls in a few
  of his buddies from the maintenance crew to come watch the show with him and
  bring some more beer. Then he goes and hangs an OUT OF ORDER sign on the elevator
  door.  
Meanwhile, back in the elevator, Leroy is getting bored with fucking Alison's
  face. He orders her to hum "I'm In The Mood For Love" as he slams his gristly
  black meat down her throat and she squirms in humiliation. "Louder, bitch!" he
  screams. Finally pulling out of her mouth, he slaps her across the face a few
  times with his super hard dick as the young woman kneels in front of him panting
  for breath, drool running down her chin. He finally drops her hands and picks
  up his little vial again, force-feeding her a couple of more hits until she
  looks totally spaced-out once again. He does a couple of snorts himself, getting
  himself good and charged up before he forces her down onto her back right in
  the puddle of piss there on the floor. He kneels there between the sexy blonde's
  legs, holding her arms up over her head with one hand and forcing her legs
  apart with his knees. He runs the head of his purplish organ up and down between
  her moist pussy lips, teasing her little love button with it and making her
  squirm. She is gasping and making little ih ih ih noises, her eyes closed as
  she reflexively spreads her legs wider, opening herself for him. He admires
  the contrast between the black hairiness of his cock and the pale pinkness
  of her shaved and extra sensitive pussy lips. He shifts position, reaching
  for his knife.  
Alison's eyes pop open in alarm as she feels the cold steel of the switchblade
  laid against her, lightly working between her inner lips&hellip; "Keep those
  hands up over your head, bitch, or I'll have to cut you a new fuckin hole." He
  commands her. Mute with terror, Alison obeys. She whimpers and tries to hold
  very still as he toys with her, working the point of the blade slightly into
  her vagina and lightly stabbing her exposed clit with it again and again. The
  sexy blonde secretary bites her lip and winces, doing her best not to squirm.
  Finally, a tiny drop of blood appears. Her little man-in-the-boat is red and
  sore, but somehow the fear which consumes her just makes it perk up higher.
  She hates her body for betraying her like this but rationalizes that none of
  this is her fault and since she's tightly tied it's useless to try to struggle.
  Finally he lays the blade aside, repositioning himself between her legs with
  his apple-sized dickhead at her inner labia, spreading them wide. He lets it
  rest there a moment as she stares up at him, her eyes wide and her mouth slightly
  open, abjectly waiting to be penetrated. For Alison, there's something in the
  sensation of being bound and helpless that makes her feel strangely free. She
  doesn't understand it, but never in her life has she felt more tinglingly alive
  and eagerly responsive to a man's touch.  
With one savage thrust he buries about half of his throbbing foot-long unit
  in her tight little twat. She grunts loudly, her inner walls stretched to the
  limit by his massive thickness. In spite of the fact that she is by now well
  lubricated, her inner thighs damp with her secretions, it is all he can do
  to force it in there. Good thing force is one thing he's got plenty of. Alison's
  eyes close tightly as she grimaces, her lips trembling. Her hips shift as she
  tries to make room for this burning intruder, taking more of her weight on
  the small of her back, lifting her knees higher and wider to ease the uncomfortable
  stretching of her delicate membranes. Leroy forces her to open her eyes and
  look down at herself being penetrated, as he points out to her horror that
  there's still half his shaft to go. Already he is touching her in places where
  she's never been touched before. The young blonde's head is swimming in a mix
  of pain and pleasure, desire and revulsion as she silently thanks god for the
  drugs that seem to help her find it all bearable, perhaps even exciting in
  a strange new way.  
Leroy pulls back slightly, then with a sadistic grin slams another couple
  of inches inside her. Alison can feel the head of his king sized dick bumping
  up against her dimpled cervix, and there's still plenty more to go. Again and
  again he slams his hips into her, forcing inch after inch of his cock in there,
  and she can feel him pushing aside her internal organs, stretching her inner
  walls until she thinks she is going to burst. She fears that he will kill her
  with his cock&hellip; rip her open inside. Fortunately, she has underestimated
  the elasticity of her internal membranes. Leroy grunts with effort as he finally
  stuffs his burning black unit in there to the hilt, and his belly meets her
  upturned pudendum with a smack. The luscious babe's eyes are rolling around
  in her head and she feels like she is going to faint. Her knees are all the
  way up to her shoulders, her feet in the air.  
Once he's finally got it jammed all the way in there, he stays there a minute,
  grinding his belly against her hairless and barbarically stretched vulva, sending
  lightning bolts up her spine from her sore and throbbing clit. She moans in
  pleasure and pain, unsure which sensation is more intense. Then slowly he pulls
  back and rams himself back into her with one powerful thrust. Her eyes bulge
  and she gasps for breath as he starts fucking her in earnest now, sliding in
  and out a little more easily each time as her hardly-used vaginal walls stretch
  to accommodate him. "Now youse givin me a good reception&hellip;" he smirks
  as he pounds her faster and harder, using the full length of his dick. Wet
  smacking and squelching noises fill the air and mingle with her gasps, moans
  and whimpers and his bestial grunts. Alison closes her eyes, unable to meet
  his evil, leering gaze as he stares down at her, taunting her. "Yeah, you dig
  this kind of action, don't you, babycakes? You silly little fuckin cunt&hellip;" He
  bends his head down and bites down on one of her bright pink nipples, then
  the other, grinding them between his teeth until she thinks he's going to tear
  it off. The girl writhes and shudders as she tightens up around him, her inner
  pussy muscles working spasmodically now. He slaps her face, demanding an answer. "No&hellip; No&hellip; Nooo!" she
  cries but her mind and body are totally consumed with the feeling of his humongous
  dominating dick slamming inside her. Her words trail off to a shrill shriek
  as her body goes rigid and she clamps down on him like a vise, snapping off
  the first of many orgasms to come. Even Leroy is momentarily surprised as his
  dick is wrung so tightly that he can't even move it and the sobbing Alison
  humps herself up and down on his massive tool. She doesn't look so cool now.
  Her tear-stained face is twisted up in a grimace, her eyes tightly shut and
  her mouth hanging open, the veins on her neck all popping out.  
"Beg me for it, you hot little slut!" he demands as her first orgasm fades
  and she relaxes momentarily around him, faint tremors still shooting through
  her like echoes, her legs lowering a bit. "Look me in the eye and beg for it&hellip;" he
  orders her again, raising his hand threateningly. Her eyelashes flutter open
  and she looks up at his ugly fiendish black face with total docility, his cock
  still embedded to the hilt in her twitching ivory white mound. "Please&hellip;" she
  says, "Please fuck me&hellip; fuck me&hellip; fuck me&hellip;" Never before
  in her life has she said those words and she rolls them around in her mind&hellip; "Fuck
  me hard&hellip; don't stop just fuck me fuck me fuck meeeee&hellip;." Just
  saying the words sets her off on the way to another cum as Leroy starts pounding
  harder and harder into her spasming twat.  
"Fuck me fuck me fuck me&hellip;" she repeats. "Please, please, please&hellip;" she
  pleads with him submissively. The more Alison begs him the harder he rams her,
  using all the force in his muscular two-hundred-pound body. SMACK SMACK SMACK
  his loins bounce off her wetly upturned cunt, her high heeled sandals up around
  her ears now as she tilts her hips up to receive him and gasps out the words
  in rhythm with his thrusts. One orgasm after another rips through her as her
  pumping pussy milks delightfully on his huge organ. Leroy lets loose with a
  stream of obscenities as he feels himself about to loose his load. "MOTHERFUCKING
  COCKSUCKING SHITEATING SONOFABITCH" he screams as jet after jet of white hot
  semen erupts from his hairy balls and splashes against the backwall of the
  deepest part of little Alison's twitching snatch. When she feels the burning
  heat of his slimy come spurting inside her, her whole body shakes convulsively
  in the throes of her biggest come yet, her eyes rolling up into her head as
  she falls into a faint, finally limp as a rag doll.  
Slowly, Leroy rolls off her and sits up, happy with his handiwork. So far
  so good. This little twist wasn't so hard to tame. Still there's more work
  to be done. He pulls out his little vial and does another few snorts, recharging
  his batteries for what's to come. He still has an ass to fuck. Alison takes
  a little nap, completely unaware of the twisted plans hatching in Leroy's mind
  like active worms. Once he's got himself good and charged up again, Leroy takes
  the still dazed girl and rolls her over, ret aping her hands behind her back.
  The cute blonde begins to wake up, protesting groggily. Before she can say
  more than a few words or shake off her lethargy, he stuffs the soiled panties
  back in her mouth and tapes them firmly in there. Alison starts coming out
  of it fast now, realizing that he's not done with her yet. Her whole body feels
  bruised and battered, exhausted and wrung out. Emotionally she's drained and
  overcome with shame and mortification over what's happened to her over the
  last hour or so. Leroy lifts the feebly protesting girl to her feet and quickly
  refastens her bound wrists to the light fixture over their heads, so that she
  is forced to bend over at the waist with her hands up in the air behind her.
  Alison sways back and forth unsteadily on her still rubbery legs, struggling
  for balance. She can't move a muscle without ripping her shoulders out of their
  sockets, but it's not too painful as long as she stands perfectly still. Once
  again she is totally helpless. She looks at him pleadingly, begging him not
  to hurt her any more. Her stockings are laddered, her hair disheveled, her
  makeup smeared. For all that she still looks tempting, and Leroy feels his
  hairy black nuts begin to tighten at the thought of what he's going to do to
  her.  
Stepping behind her, he runs his hands over the softness of her girlish ass
  cheeks as they quiver beneath his fingers, admiring the contrast between the
  paleness of her flesh and the welts his belt has left there. "MMF! MMF!" is
  all the protest Alison can make. He runs his hand up and down in the crack
  between them, kicking her legs apart to open her buttocks. "Yup, dis sure is
  one fine white butt&hellip;" he tells her as he kneads and squeezes it with
  increasing ferocity, bringing to life the marks he has left on her. The sexy
  secretary whimpers and shifts her weight from foot to foot but there's nothing
  she can do to escape this humiliating inspection. "You know what I'm gonna
  do now, dontcha? I'm gonna fuck you up your lily white ass!"  
Alison shakes her head vehemently from side to side, her eyes opening wide
  in alarm. She hoped he had forgotten about all that. She certainly had. "Don't
  worry, cupcake&hellip;" he tells her, "I'se gonna warm you up a little first." He
  walks around in front of her, once again filling up a spoonful of the sparkling
  powdered dynamite and lifting it up under her nose&hellip; "The thing about
  ass fuckin' is you gots to relax." He explains&hellip; "This here shit is ganna
  help ya get in the mood. Now g'wan and take yer medicine like a good girl&hellip;" The
  luscious young girl shakes her head again violently, causing him to spill the
  little spoonful of drugs on the floor. No way is she taking more of that shit
  voluntarily. She's had enough for one day&hellip; Now that she's come back
  to her senses, she is overcome with shame and disgust, and just wants this
  ordeal to be over already&hellip;  
This really pisses Leroy off. "Now look what you done you stupid cunt! I
  thought we had us an understanding&hellip; I gives the orders and you fuckin'
  do it! It looks like you need a little reminder who's the fuckin boss around
  here!" He angrily marches around to her backside, picking up his belt from
  the elevator floor where he had tossed it aside. Grabbing her around the waist
  with his left arm to hold her steady, he lays into her hard with the strap
  again, crisscrossing the welts already there with fresh set of stripes. He
  doesn't stop until her whole behind is once more a flaming red color and she
  hangs there sniveling and sobbing into her gag, a fresh cascade of tears pouring
  down her cheeks.  
"Thass better&hellip;" he pronounces in satisfaction&hellip; "You gives me
  any more trouble and I's gonna carve my initials in your ass. Bitch I done
  give you your chance&hellip; if you won't take it in one end then you'll have
  to take it in the other." Reaching down between her legs from behind, he cups
  her twat in his hand. It is still wet with a mixture of her own secretions
  and his come which is oozing out of her and running down her leg. He takes
  this goo and rubs it around a little, working a couple of fingers into her
  vagina, than smearing some more on the pink button of her anus, which he prods
  and pokes with a thick forefinger. Taking his now wet finger away from the
  girl's crack, he dips it into the white powder from the vial and rubs it up
  between her labia, teasing her little pink pearl back into life, massaging
  it into her mucous membranes. Alison feels a spreading tingling and a glowing
  warmth start to flower between her legs, a warmth that soothes away the aching
  soreness in her tortured clit but still leaves it exquisitely sensitive and
  standing up at attention once more&hellip; Her breath catches in her throat
  as he takes two fingers and rams some more of the stuff up her aching twat,
  rubbing it around inside her. The feeling of glowing warmth spreads deeper,
  filling her belly and working its way up to her brain from within, narcotizing
  the girl's terror and disgust while leaving her nerve endings tingling. Dipping
  his forefinger wet with her juices once more into the drug, he massages some
  more of the stuff onto her coral-colored anal dot, meanwhile keeping two other
  fingers buried inside her cunt, holding her immobile. Alison hangs there slackly,
  making little squeaking noises as he slowly works his forefinger up her tight
  little pucker until he has an inch or so of it buried in there. He wiggles
  his finger around as her sphincter slowly loosens up for him and the warm tingling
  starts to spread up her ass.  
"Yer tighter than a fuckin chicken up there&hellip;" he gloats, "This is
  gonna be good!" He thrusts his finger again into her cunt, coating it with
  slimy secretions, them smearing them around her pouting pink asshole. Dipping
  his finger into the powder once again, he shoves it as far as it will go up
  her loosening rear entrance, working it around inside her in and out, rubbing
  it into her squishy internal membranes, now slick with her own juices and anal
  mucosa. Again and again he repeats this procedure, working more drugs into
  he young blonde's defenseless rectum until he penetrates her smoothly and easily,
  without pain or resistance. Wet squishing sounds fill the air, interspersed
  with Leroy's heavy breathing and little meeps and squeaks from Alison. She
  is past thinking about anything now, her eyes closed and her mouth hanging
  open slackly, aware only of the sensation of his fingers so high up in her
  ass and pussy spreading liquid warmth deep inside her, controlling her totally.
  Her vagina and asshole milk submissively on the hard bony fingers impaling
  her&hellip; its nice, so nice to hang there like a piece of meat while a sadistic
  black rapist shoves powerful narcotics up her ass&hellip; A feeling of relaxed
  contentment suffuses the innocent-looking little cutie, shot through with bolts
  of excitement that coil in her belly, building. Her whole being is now concentrated
  right there at the opening to her behind as he pushes another finger inside
  her, stretching her, working further up inside her until it's buried up to
  the knuckles. She pushes back against them, feeling a craving somewhere deep
  inside her somewhere deeper, deeper than his fingers can reach. Totally forgotten
  now are the pain of her savage whipping, the ache in her arms and shoulders,
  the rawness of her well-fucked cunt. Never in her wildest imaginings did she
  think she could feel so good&hellip; so totally feminine and receptive. Even
  the slightly painful stretching sensation in her anus seems to blend perfectly
  with the ache of desire deep inside her.  
Meanwhile, down in the security office, Manuel and a few of his cronies from
  the maintenance crew are gathered around the TV monitor enjoying the show and
  keeping up a running commentary. They're a bunch of blue-collar motherfuckers,
  and there's not one of them that wouldn't like to be in Leroy's place. They
  pass a few joints around and swill their beer, happy to see one of these snotty
  little office twats get hers, knowing that this is as close as they will probably
  ever get. Upstairs in Slate's office, Fiona is now stretched out face-down
  over the boss' desk as Slate works a large butt plug up her well-fleshed ass
  while sipping his single-malt scotch and watching the monitor impassively.  
Back in the elevator, Leroy pulls his fingers out of Alison with an audible
  pop. Suddenly she feels empty, but not for long. Grabbing the girl's diaphragm
  jelly from the floor, he unscrews the cap and squeezes out a large dollop onto
  her quivering anal pore, stuffing it inside her with his finger. Then he takes
  another blob of goo and smears it over his rampant erection, jerking on it
  for a few seconds to make sure it's at maximum hardness. Then stepping up behind
  her, he lays it between the blonde's buttocks with a meaty thwack. It reaches
  up to the small of her back. Leroy lets her feel the length of it for a minute,
  imagining just how far up inside her it will go. Then, fisting his throbbing
  member in one hand, he slides it down her crack till it comes to rest at her
  puckered rear entrance. Looking down at himself, it seems for a moment impossible
  that her could force such a large object into such a tiny hole. Reaching around
  her hips with his other hand, he insinuates a finger between her pussy lips
  to stroke her clit. When he does this, Alison involuntarily rises up on her
  toes, pushing her backside against him. As he feels the warmth of her sensitive
  anal passage against the head of his dick, he is seized by a savage determination.  
Pulling her tightly against him with his other hand, he shoves with a steadily
  mounting pressure, prying her open till the head of his throbbing unit is wedged
  tightly inside her opening. The hot clinging wetness of he inner membranes
  on his knob almost makes him swoon. Pulling back slightly, he lunges with all
  his strength and the head of his shaft pops inside her straining sphincter
  to the softness within. He feels like his dick is being squeezed by a powerful
  fist. Alison's eyes pop wide open and a fresh cascade of tears pours down her
  cheeks as she shrieks into her gag. "Easy, baby&hellip; easy&hellip;" he tells
  her. "The hard part is over." He goes back to stroking her clit as the luscious
  blonde gradually relaxes and adjusts to his incredible thickness, still whimpering
  and sniveling, sure that he has ripped her open back there. Her hairless pink
  rectum is stretched tight as a bowstring around him. As soon as the convulsive
  clenching of her sphincter muscles eases a bit, Leroy rams another couple of
  inches inside her. Alison sees flashes of light behind her tightly closed eyes,
  her nostrils flaring wildly. She's well and truly buggered now&hellip; there's
  no way she's gonna push him back out.  
Again and again he pulls back a tiny bit, only to stuff another couple of
  inches up the girl's trembling rear, timing his thrusts to the stroking of
  her clit. The natural peristaltic action of her insides trying to expel this
  burning intrusion caresses his shaft delightfully. Alison moves her hips in
  little circles, trying to ease the terrible pressure she feels within, but
  this just causes him to sink deeper and deeper as she feels her inner walls
  straightening and stretching to make way for him. Strangely, the deeper he
  pushes within her the less she feels the pain of the initial penetration. Inexorably
  he shoves aside her internal organs, causing her to feel sick to her stomach
  as he finally sinks his manmeat to the hilt inside her churning ass guts. Never
  in her short life has Alison felt so totally stuffed with hot cockmeat. Her
  eyes are bulging out of her head. Her ruined sphincter has finally given up
  its struggle and eased its grip, allowing him more freedom of movement. He
  rests there for a moment, not moving, savoring the sensation of her inner bowels
  throbbing and clenching around his shaft. "Now I got you where I want you,
  you foxy little slut&hellip;"  
Gradually, Alison's body relaxes again as she accustoms herself to the trauma
  of being sodomized for the first time and the drugs swimming through her blood
  stream begin to take hold of her mind again, blotting out the pain she feels
  inside. She is sure he has opened wounds inside her with his rampaging cock,
  but somehow the ache is fading, merging with a delicious feeling of fullness
  and a wild crazy excitement. Leroy strokes her clit again and she can't keep
  herself from moaning through her tears, pressing herself against his hand. "Dass
  better, baby&hellip; You gonna love dis&hellip;" Slowly he pulls back out of
  her until only a few inches are left inside. She feels like he's going to drag
  her ass guts out with him, turning her inside out. Her coral-colored anal membranes
  are pulled in and out, clinging to him. Gradually, smoothly he forces his hefty
  tool back into her depths to he root, giving her the full length of it now
  inch by inch as the girl's pussy pulsates madly in his grip. He goes at her
  again, more forcefully this time, as bit by bit she opens herself for him,
  rising up on her toes to straighten her back passage, wiggling her ivory white
  buttocks against his hairy black belly, straining against the tape that binds
  her. "Yeah baby, you takin' it real sweet now&hellip;" He lets go of her clit
  to grab her by the hips, forcing her down on it as he fucks her harder and
  faster now. Alison grunts and whinnies pathetically, reduced to a more-or-less
  mindless fucktoy.  
SHTUCKA SHTUCKA SHTUCKA SHTUCKA he pounds into her ferociously, giving the
  curvy young babe the whole twelve inches on every thrust as she surrenders
  to him completely, totally violated, totally dominated. Her inner ass muscles
  spasm beserkly as a crushing orgasm flowers somewhere deep in her bowels. I'm
  coming up my ass&hellip; I'm coming up my ass&hellip; she marvels to herself,
  in a moment of lucidity. Am I some kind of masochist? He moves easily within
  her now, her adorable tush bucking and grinding against him. Faster and harder,
  faster and harder&hellip; SHTUCKASHTUCKASHTUCKASHTUCKASHTUCKA he gives it to
  her with everything he's got. Leroy's big black balls tighten as he holds her
  hips in a white-knuckled death grip, forcing her down harder on the root of
  his tool, grunting like a lust-crazed wart hog. His organ twitches insanely
  as it spurts hot jism deep inside her colon, bathing her insides with cum and
  whipping it into a froth. When she feels his hot come shooting up her ass,
  Alison sees rockets going off behind her eyes, her whole body shaking convulsively
  as she clamps down on his dick like a vise, mewling like a cat in heat. "Yeah,
  baby&hellip; I done told you ass fuckin is the best&hellip;" Leroy gloats as
  his cock slowly deflates within her, the girl's spasms subsiding till she hangs
  there limply, totally exhausted and spaced out. His now limp dick pops out
  of her with a plup, along with a gush of pinkish ass-goo. There's a crust of
  dried blood around lthe base of his cock, which drips with stinky slime.  
Walking around to her face, Leroy rips the tape off her mouth and removes
  the stifling panty gag. Alison's mouth hangs open, panting. "You want me to
  cut you down now, bitch?" She nods her assent. "Then lick me clean!" he demands.
  Wrinkling her nose in disgust, Alison nevertheless sets to work, licking and
  slurping on his slimy fuckrod as he shoves it into her mouth, ever mindful
  of the knife he holds in his hand and the welts on her tender tush. Mortified
  beyond belief, she wonders how she'll ever be able to look at herself in the
  mirror again. Every part of her body aches, and a dark-brown taste lingers
  in the back of her throat as the little cutie licks her own crusted blood and
  shit from the base of his dick. Finally, when his flaccid unit is shining clean
  and wet with her spittle, he pulls back and tucks it into his pants. "Good
  job, bitch&hellip; you're hired," he laughs. Then he reaches up with his knife
  and cuts the tape that fastens her to the light fixture. The young woman collapses
  in a heap on the dirty floor, her wrists still taped together behind her. Taking
  a magic marker from out of his bag, he scrawls LEROY WAS HERE across her lacerated
  butt cheeks, then packs up his stuff, getting ready to leave.  
A few moments later, the elevator lurches to life with a jerk, heading back
  down to the ground floor. "Remember, I know your name and where you live, sweetcakes&hellip;" Leroy
  reminds the half-conscious girl. "Don' you be sayin nuthin to the cops, or
  I'll have to send some of my homies to come visit you again&hellip;" Actually
  at this moment, calling the police is the last thing on Alison's mind. The
  elevator comes to a stop and the doors open into the darkened and deserted
  lobby. It is now getting quite late. "See ya&hellip; wouldn't want to be ya&hellip;" he
  sez, jauntily sauntering out the door and into the hot August night.  
 Alison huddles there on the filthy floor, waiting a few minutes to make
  sure he's really gone. She's too exhausted to even scream. "Help me&hellip;" she
  croaks weakly, "Oh God somebody please help me&hellip;" Upstairs in his office
  suite, Dorian Slate smiles in grim satisfaction, zipping up his pants. "You
  better get down there and take her home&hellip;" he tells Fiona, who is straightening
  out her clothing as she licks his come from her lips. "Show's over."  
Manuel the security guy is the first to arrive on the scene, closely followed
  by a couple of his mop-swinging pals. 'Jeeze, lady&hellip; what happened?" he
  asks her, oozing fake solicitousness and concern. "We had some kind of a power
  failure&hellip; were you stuck in the elevator all this time? Did somebody
  do something to you?" He pulls the tape from her wrists, finally freeing her
  hands, and helps her to sit up in a corner of the elevator, still half naked.
  She does her best to cover herself with the ripped and trampled remains of
  her dress as he shoos his ogling, smirking compadres away. "G'wan, geddadahere
  ya bums&hellip; can't ya see this lady's been molested?" Alison tells him to
  call upstairs and get help. Fiona and Mr. Slate are already on their way. Manuel
  asks her if he should call the police, or an ambulance. The battered blonde
  thinks about it for a moment, but the idea of having to tell her story to a
  bunch of leering detectives is not very appealing. She feels unimaginably disgusted
  and degraded, and just wants to get away, far far away. Besides, what are the
  chances they would ever catch the guy? Even if they did she doubts if she could
  testify against him in court. Having to relive the whole experience over and
  over again would be just too much&hellip; Not to mention what would happen
  if the newspapers got ahold of it, printed her picture, etc.etc. She would
  never be able to live it down. No thanks. "Just get me home&hellip;" she asks.  
Fiona shows up with Slate right behind her, covering  
Alison with a raincoat, scooping up her belongings and stuffing them back
  into her purse. Tom stands around in the background looking awkward. "Oh you
  poor baby, what happened? "We wondered why you were gone so long!" Fiona fusses.
  Slate makes a show of taking the security guy to task&hellip; "You call this
  security? Where are the back-up systems? Aren't these elevators supposed to
  have alarms and closed-circuit TV surveillance?" Manuel contritely explains
  to him that he didn't know there was anybody in there&hellip; He just thought
  the power went out. He called the elevator repairman, but you know those guys
  always take a couple of hours to get here, especially in the middle of the
  night. "I'll have your job for this, you incompetent slob!" Slate threatens
  the guy, all the while knowing that he himself told him to cut the wires and
  disable the systems just hours ago. Since Slate Management owns the building,
  it's all under his control. Meanwhile, Fiona is helping the unsteady Alison
  to her feet. She is shaking so violently that she can barely walk, her teeth
  chattering with post-traumatic stress. Slate tells them to take his limo, which
  is already waiting outside with his stolid chauffeur Tony behind the wheel.
  The two of them take the disheveled young blonde by the elbows and help her
  out to the car and into the back seat.  
"What happened&hellip;. What happened?" Fiona keeps asking, putting her arms
  around her shivering roommate in the back of the long black limo as it speeds
  off into the night. "I don't want to talk about it&hellip;" Alison tells her,
  wishing only to be home in a long hot bath where she can wash the stink of
  dried urine and crusted come off her battered body. Arriving at their apartment
  building, the brunette guides her past the doorman and up to their swanky bachelorette
  pad, sitting her down on the couch and pouring her a brandy
  {after spreading a towel out underneath her first} 
  . Alison sits there shivering as her supposed friend goes and fills a tub with
  warm freshly-scented bubble bath. When the king-sized tub is full, Fiona leads
  to it and helps her in, throwing her filth-encrusted clothing in the garbage
  and then sitting down on the edge. After getting a good look at he welts on
  Alison's shapely rear, Fiona speaks up.. "Jesus Christ, it looks like you caught
  quite a beating&hellip; Honey I know you don't want to talk about it right
  now, but it seems pretty obvious that you've been raped," she says carefully.
  Alison nods mutely. "I don't know if I should bring this up, but you probably
  feel all dirty on the inside as well&hellip;"  
Fiona leaves the room, returning a few minutes later with a big red enema
  bag in her hand and a selection of nozzles&hellip; Filling it with hot soapy
  water, she hangs it on a convenient hook over the toilet. "You might want to
  use this," she says. "Don't worry it's clean&hellip; I sterilize the nozzles
  in the dishwasher." Alison stares at her dully&hellip; "Well, I'll leave you
  to it," her sexy roommate sez, leaving the bath and closing the door behind
  her. Behind each of the mirrored walls, hidden video cameras continue to whirr,
  activated whenever someone enters the room.  
Back in his own lavish condo, Slate lounges is a favorite armchair, smiling
  to himself in satisfaction as he fiddles with the remote controls, pulling
  in for close-ups and checking out different views on his giant-sized TV. This
  beats HBO anytime. He reminds himself to give Leroy a bonus&hellip; he performed
  his part even better than expected. The black ex-convict is only one of a number
  of goons that Slate keeps on retainer for such things as intimidating business
  rivals, bodyguarding, leg-breaking, etc. A dangerous man, but easily controlled.
  Slate was instrumental in obtaining Leroy's early release from prison, and
  Leroy knows that one word from him could send him back instantly. The guy will
  do anything for a few hundred bucks worth of drugs. One day soon, when Leroy
  gets to knowing too much, he'll probably have to have him killed, if he doesn't
  OD first. But then, who would miss him? Slate's dark eyes glitter as he watches
  Alison step out of the bath, carefully drying herself, and sit down on the
  padded toilet seat. The lovely blonde takes the longest nozzle and, dipping
  the tip in a little Vaseline, slowly inserts it into herself, first in front
  and then behind. Slate switches views. He's even got a camera that looks up
  from inside the fucking toilet. Alison cleans herself out thoroughly, not wanting
  to leave any trace of her rapist's filthy semen inside her. God knows what
  horrible diseases he might be carrying. At that thought, she fills the bag
  again with hot water, throwing in plenty of antiseptic, and repeats the whole
  process again. Then she gets up, goes to the sink, and brushes her teeth about
  three or four times, gargling with mouthwash in between. Even after all that,
  she still feels soiled. She wonders if she'll ever feel clean again.  
"Hey, honey&hellip; are you all right in there?' Fiona calls from the next
  room. "Yes&hellip; yes I guess so&hellip;" Alison replies, slipping into a
  frilly white nightie hanging on the back of the door and putting a bathrobe
  on over it, belting it around her slender waist. In fact she feels almost human
  again, although terribly sore and very tired. As she comes out of the bathroom
  into the living-dining area, she sees that Fiona has changed into her baby-doll
  pajamas and is waiting for her. Just then the phone rings, and her roommate
  picks it up. It is Slate, suggesting to Alison that she take a few days off
  from work, if she needs to, and to call him if there's anything he can do.
  She tells her dark-haired roommate to thank him. Fiona hangs up, then disappears
  into her room for a minute, returning with a tube of ointment and a couple
  of pills "Here&hellip; take these, they'll help you to sleep." Alison swallows
  the pills with some water and gratefully heads off to her room. Fiona follows
  her into her frilly girlish bedroom, dominated by an ornate four-poster canopy
  bed. "If you want I could help you rub some of this salve on your welts&hellip; It'll
  help them to heal&hellip;"  
Alison takes off her bathrobe and flops down on the bed, turning over on
  her stomach and resting her head on her arms. Fiona lifts her nightie up behind
  and gently rubs some of the soothing ointment on her lacerated buns. As the
  sedative begins to take hold, Alison finds her thoughts beginning to wander,
  reliving some of the events earlier that evening. The girl shudders as she
  remembers the terrible pain and fear but also the surprising ecstasy that she
  has experienced. She remembers herself begging Leroy to fuck her, fuck her,
  fuck her. How could she? How could she actually enjoy her degrading anal rape,
  even for a minute? But if she's honest with herself, in some ways it was the
  most exciting thing that ever happened to her. She must be sick&hellip; sick,sick,sick.
  A lump rises in her throat as she is filled with guilt, remorse and self-pity.
  She sees her mother's dried-up, merciless face pronouncing judgement&hellip; Your
  hot little twat is going to get you in trouble, the old prune gloats. But it
  wasn't her fault&hellip; or was it? She can't think any more. Dimly aware of
  the soothing hands massaging her behind, she thinks of Fiona&hellip; yes Fiona
  would understand. She resolves to tell her roommate everything in the morning
  as darkness closes in and she slips into unconsciousness.  
TO BE CONTINUED&hellip;.  

CHAPTER TWO- THE SECOND DAY 
Alison spends a restless night, her sleep disturbed by a series of uneasy
  dreams. Big black snakes crawl up her legs, trying to squirm their way underneath
  her dress and beneath her panties into her pussy and nudging at her tender
  rectum. She tries to push them away but she has no strength in her arms, which
  flop around limply like spaghetti. She wants to scream but only little cooing
  and squeaking noises come out, encouraging her assailants on. The head of one
  black snake turns into the leering black face of Leroy, who laughs at her sadistically.
  Another snake metamorphosizes into her boss Mr. Slate, impassively watching
  her torment. His forked tongue licks out at her tender clit, which rises in
  anticipation. Her hips buck uncontrollably as he bites her tender little nookie,
  injecting his poison, which strangely does not kill her but merely makes her
  swoon in girlish surrender as her cunt gushes moisture. Her mother glares down
  at her, telling her she should be punished&hellip; punished for being such
  a slut. The lovely girl writhes and moans in her sleep, her hands unconsciously
  caressing her moistening slit, the sheets wet with her perspiration, a knot
  of anxiety in her belly that rises up into her throat. In another dream she
  finds herself naked in front of a bunch of faceless men, standing in a spotlight
  next to a post in a darkened room. She tries to cover herself with her hands
  but unseen hands grab her and shackle her wrists and ankles to the obelisk
  tightly so that her belly is pressed up against it. Looking back over her shoulder,
  she sees a hooded man dressed all in black limbering up a long black leather
  whip. He raises it up over his head&hellip; At the first blow, Alison snaps
  out of her slumber, awakening with a start, trembling in fear. It is four AM.
  Finally she falls back into a deep and dreamless slumber, not stirring until
  noon the next day.  
When the petite blonde does wake up, the sun is already high in the sky and
  she feels much better, except for a kind of queasy feeling in her stomach whenever
  she thinks of what happened to her. Except for a couple of darkish red marks
  across her ass and a little soreness inside the little cutie is not too much
  the worse for wear. She may be mentally scarred but her face doesn't show it.
  She still looks as innocent as she ever did, her high arching brow uncreased
  by suffering or care. Fiona has already been up for hours and is ready with
  some coffee and pastries, already dressed for the day in some kind of hot pants
  and halter combo with ankleboots. There are red marks around her wrists that
  she hasn't bothered to try to hide. Alison wonders what her perverse little
  roommate has been up to. The blonde finishes her coffee, then goes to take
  a shower, brush her teeth, fix her hair and makeup like any other normal day.
  She puts on perfume and earrings, shrugging herself into a lacy push up bra
  and panty set of black nylon. Alison stretches her lithe body and wonders what
  to wear&hellip; maybe a pantsuit.  
She puts on a black one which covers her from neck to ankle, zipping it up
  to her throat. Then she goes and sits demurely on the couch, sipping her second
  cup of coffee and idly listening to some pop music on the stereo. Fiona bustles
  around in the background, washing dishes and then making them both some lunch.
  The hot-looking little brunette brings them both some tuna fish salad or something
  and they both sit down companionably to eat their diet lunch and watch some
  daytime TV as Fiona speculates amusingly about what she would do with her favorite
  hunks. Alison is loosening up a little now, at least smiling once in a while.
  They finish their lunch and decide to have a little white wine&hellip; after
  all at least they don't have to go to work today. Maybe Fiona breaks out a
  couple of joints. Soon the sound of girlish giggles fills the room. The brunette
  sits down close by her roommate's side, suddenly becoming serious. "So are
  you ready to talk about it now? Maybe it would help you to sort out your feelings.
  Tell me what happened to you last night."  
The tormented blonde haltingly begins her tale&hellip; "He was black&hellip; He
  was big and ugly and angry&hellip; so angry. He hurt me so much, I thought
  I was going to die." Fiona interrupts her&hellip; "You mean HE was big or you
  mean his THING was big?" "Well, both&hellip;" Alison replies, "I mean he was
  monstrous, an animal. He got me tied up so I couldn't escape and then whenever
  he wanted me to do something he just whipped me with his belt until I was ready
  to obey. I couldn't do a thing but cry and beg for mercy but the more I begged
  the harder he beat me with that awful belt." "So that's how you got those stripes," Fiona
  exclaims, "Good lord you look like a fucking zebra back there, honey." Alison
  is still well aware of the reddened welts that decorate her tender tush. She
  feels them every time she gingerly shifts position on the couch. She goes on, "He
  made me take some kind of drugs with him, and when I didn't want any more he
  just stuffed them inside me you know down there and in behind&hellip; I just
  lost control totally. He could have done anything he wanted to me&hellip; and
  he did! I don't know what came over me, but the worst part, the most shameful
  part, was that is that I begged him for more. It was so humiliating&hellip; there
  I was pleading for him to fuck me harder and deeper, harder and deeper&hellip;" The
  luscious blonde's voice trails off to a whisper.  
"Honey you can't help being a woman." Fiona reassures her downcast friend. "I
  kinda like it harder and deeper myself sometimes&hellip; in fact all the time.
  I even let my boyfriends tie me up sometimes. I guess I kinda like it, being
  all helpless and quivering and all&hellip; It kinda gets me excited just thinking
  about it." "It does?" Alison asks dubiously. "Yes it does. Here I'll show you
  what I mean." Fiona disappears into her room and returns a moment later with
  something silvery in her hands. It is a pair of heavy-looking handcuffs, official
  police style, not some toy. "I use these all the time. You should have seen
  Rocky's face last night when I told him to put them on me. He almost popped
  his load in his pants. When a man clicks them around my wrists I feel like
  I belong to him completely. Is that what you're talking about?"  
"Well yes, I guess so&hellip;" the recently-molested receptionist answers
  hesitantly. "Somehow I felt that even though he was raping me, perhaps even
  because he was raping me, he could make me do things that I never imagined&hellip; never
  believed I could. And love it&hellip; God help me I loved it. Can you imagine?
  Somehow by being bound I could be free&hellip; free to feel a kind of passion
  that my nice little boyfriends like Tom could never arouse. I must be sick&hellip; I
  don't know what's wrong with me. When he sodomized me, well I couldn't help
  it&hellip; he made me come and come and come with his big black dick up my
  ass. I'd never even thought of letting anyone do that to me before. Now I wonder
  if anyone's ever going to do it to me again&hellip;" "Do you want them to?" asks
  Fiona. "I don't knowww&hellip;" replies Alison coyly. Maybe if it was the right
  man, the right time and place&hellip;" The handcuffs sit there on the table
  between them, gleaming and cold. Just then the phone rings. It is Mr. Slate.
  He tells Fiona to take good care of Alison he's coming over in an hour or so
  to see how she's doing.  
When Alison hears that her boss is coming over to visit, she perks right
  up, breaking the reverie that she and Fiona had fallen into. She goes back
  into her room to change and primp. Mr. Slate&hellip; coming over here&hellip; she
  does so want him to like her. She peels off the jumpsuit, sitting down in her
  low-cut black bra and high cut sheer nylon panties to fix her makeup. She brushes
  on a little more eyeshadow, touching up her eyeliner and mascara, changing
  her shade of lipstick to a bright pink-magenta that contrasts excitingly with
  the flawless whiteness of her skin. She perfumes her neck, her underarms and
  wrists and even sprays a little on her inner thighs. If things ever get that
  far, the innocent-looking blonde secretly giggles to herself. She goes into
  her lingerie drawer and pulls on a new pair of sheer black lacy-top thigh high
  stockings, their rubberized tops clinging damply to her flesh an inch or so
  below where the whiteness of her loins contrasts sharply with the tightly stretched
  black nylon covering her tender mound, which is unconsciously starting to sweeten
  itself already as she remembers Mr. Slate's commanding manner. She has no reason
  to think that her roommate might be jealous, since Fiona has given no indication
  that she is and has been for some time the boss's personal fucktoy. If anything,
  the brunette has encouraged her fantasies along those lines with a few well-placed
  hints and suggestions.  
Alison slides into a lacy short slip, then pulls out a black cocktail dress
  for herself from her well-stocked closet. It has sheer panels on top, above
  the bust, and zippers up the back to a point between her narrow shoulder blades.
  You can clearly see the outlines of her lacy underthings through the mesh beneath
  the frou frou at the neckline, the black brassiere that thrusts her terrific
  tits up and forward. The skirt hugs her shapely ass tightly, hanging down to
  mid-thigh with another border or frou frou at the hem. Very cute, but it needs
  something. Alison selects a four inch wide black belt of spandex with a large
  silver clasp and buckles it tightly, pleased with the way it accentuates the
  slimness of her waist and the roundness of her hips. Then she pulls on a pair
  of strappy black patent heels, too high to be practical for much walking but
  then she probably won't need to go too far tonight. She admires the effect
  in the full length mirror, fluffing out her long blonde hair. She looks stunning.
  I hope it's not TOO daring, the lovely girl thinks to herself. I don't want
  him to think I'm some kind of whore, do I? Just some silly little secretary
  that can't wait to spread her legs for him?  
Is that what he'll think? Alison anxiously returns to the living room to
  await Slate's arrival. She perches on the couch, sipping on another glass of
  white wine, a docile expression on her oval face. She looks with curiosity
  at the handcuffs still lying there on the coffee table. Surely Fiona will put
  them away before he gets here. It is now late in the afternoon.  
"Would you like to try them on, honey?" her sultry-looking roommate suggests
  silkily. "See if it doesn't give you a quiver. Look I'll even let you hold
  the key. You can get out of them anytime you want. Just feel them." Of course
  the key does not really fit the cuffs, but Alison is too ignorant of such things
  to know that. She picks up and examines the cuffs and the short thick chain
  between them. They are cold and heavy in her hand. "You really let Rocky put
  these on you?" Fiona smiles brightly. "All right&hellip; but just for a minute&hellip;" the
  blonde says, snapping one bracelet around her bony little wrist. It feels icy,
  implacable. A little shiver of fear runs down her spine, somehow exciting a
  spark in her belly. Fiona is right. Once she puts them on, there will be no
  escaping their metallic grip. Smiling bravely, she snaps the other cuff onto
  her other hand, ratcheting it tightly enough to feel the bite. Alison holds
  her cuffed hands up in front of her, twisting them this way and that. So this
  is what her roommate was talking about. Suddenly she feels terribly vulnerable&hellip; what
  if Mr. Slate should see her like this? He'd probably want to&hellip; he'd probably
  think she was some kind of bondage freak. Good thing the key is laying right
  there on the coffee table. Alison reaches for it. Just then the doorbell rings.  
It is Slate. Fiona gets up to let him in, completely ignoring her cuffed
  friend there on the couch. Alison in a panic struggles to fit the key into
  the cuffs and turn it but of course it doesn't seem to work and as she gets
  more and more flustered and frantic she fumbles the key and it drops onto the
  floor and rolls under the couch. She is still bent over on her knees with her
  butt up in the air trying to find it when her boss walks into the room. "Ahh&hellip; little
  Alison&hellip;" he says. "Are you in trouble again already?" As always, the
  45ish exec looks immaculately pressed, rich but not soft. He wears his thousand-dollar
  suit like a coat of armor, and puts on a new custom-tailored shirt every morning.
  He looks like he works out a couple of times a week and always has a tan even
  in the middle of winter. Fiona brings him a drink as he takes off his jacket
  and tie and makes himself at home, sitting down in a black leather armchair
  as if he were the father of the house, which in fact he is. Alison squirms
  in humiliation as she struggles to sit back up decorously, attempting to hide
  her hands in the folds of her skirt. "I was just explaining to Alison how exciting
  it feels to wear steel." The brunette remarks conversationally. "Don't you
  think they make the perfect accessory?" "The girl has never looked lovelier,
  Fiona my pet." Slate remarks, "Tell me, Alison, I hope you are feeling better." The
  blonde feels his eyes traveling up her curvy nyloned legs from her tightly
  pinched high-heeled toes to the shadowed area between her thighs. "Y&hellip; Yes
  Mr.Slate&hellip; I just&hellip; needed some rest." She murmurs awkwardly. "Ahh&hellip; the
  amazing recuperative powers of the young," Slate sighs. "Just relax, young
  lady&hellip; " he commands her offhandedly. "I"ve got something here I'd like
  you to see." He pulls a videotape out of his briefcase and slaps it into the
  VCR.  
Immediately the room is filled with the sounds of Alison sobbing as she begs
  Leroy to fuck her harder and deeper. On the screen, the girl sees herself eagerly
  returning her rapist's thrusts, whimpering in joy and torment. And she believed
  that the camera had been knocked out of action when the power failed to the
  elevator&hellip; oh what a fool she had been. Alison twists her hands anxiously
  in the steel cuffs that imprison her, squirming in mortification as every lurid
  detail of her drugging and subsequent anal defloration are played out in exquisite
  detail. She can see herself moaning and bucking herself back on her rapist's
  hard driving sodomising dick. Stretching her to the point of pain&hellip; pain
  that seemed to turn to joy as she surrendered herself totally to the dark intruder
  slamming deeper and deeper into her violated bowels. Now the most intimate
  aspects of the whole humiliating episode are displayed for her roommate and
  the sardonic Mr. Slate to examine in detail. Alison squirms in her manacles,
  rubbing her stockinged thighs together nervously. "Please&hellip; I don't want
  to see any more&hellip; Why are you showing me this? What do you want from
  me?" she pleads. "Alison, we just want you to see yourself as you really are." Says
  her boss, coming to sit down beside her on the couch. The young blonde trembles,
  feeling his powerful presence so close beside her. "As to what I will require
  of you, you will learn more about that later. Am I correct in assuming that
  you would not want anyone else to ever see this tape?" The lovely blonde nods
  silently. How could she ever face her friends or family if this shameful incident
  were to be made public? How could she ever return to her job? Not that those
  things are going to matter to her for long, but at this point she still has
  no idea of the depths into which she is about to plunge She grimaces in disgust
  as she sees herself slavishly licking Leroy's slimy black Johnson clean.  
Slate takes Alison's two handcuffed hands from where they are twisting anxiously
  in her lap and holds them in one of his own. "What I demand from you, Alison,
  is nothing less than your total submission, body and soul. I intend to make
  you my slave, starting right now. From this moment on you and your body will
  belong to me, morning noon and night. Your only purpose in life will be to
  serve and obey me. Your mouth, your breasts, your belly and backside are no
  longer your own, but entirely under my command. First I will make you my whore.
  Then I will punish you. Do you understand?" The stunned and appalled Alison
  finds it impossible to answer: a knot of fear and anguish chokes her throat.
  She thought she wanted her handsome and craggy-faced boss, but not like this&hellip; not
  like this&hellip; All her silly romantic fantasies of moonlit nights and exotic
  cruises explode in a sudden poof! Still holding Alison's wrists in one hand,
  Slate runs the other up the trembling girl's thighs, pushing aside her skirt
  and grabbing her pussy firmly through the flimsy nylon of her black panties,
  already damp with her juices. He pushes them aside and roughly jams a couple
  of fingers into her tender little twat. Alison gives a shrill squeak, but allows
  her head to lean back on the couch behind her, closing her eyes and submissively
  adjusting herself to his probing digits, her mouth open and gasping.  
"There's no need for you to speak, Alison, your body has answered for you," says
  Slate. "You see, I know you better than you know yourself." The sweet little
  blonde is totally intimidated and overwhelmed by this physical and psychological
  assault. She would agree to anything as long as he's holding her like this.
  His fingers squelch in and out of her hot little honeypot, finally making her
  moan. "I&hellip; I'll be a good girl for you, sir," she gasps, feeling very
  childlike in his powerful hands. "Please don't punish me&hellip;" Slate roughly
  pushes her away, withdrawing his burning digits from her wet little nookie. "Let's
  just see how obedient you can be. Stand up and take off your dress."  
"What, in front of Fiona?" Yes, in front of Fiona. Now. She likes it when
  he gives her orders. Alison struggles with her cuffed hands to undo the belt
  around her waist, then she wiggles and squirms delightfully trying to get out
  of the tight cocktail dress. There's no way. "I just can't&hellip;" There's
  no way she can get her dress unzipped and up over her head with her hands cuffed
  in front of her like this. "You're a fucking failure as a slave already, Alison&hellip; you're
  going to need a lot of training." Slate tells her with a menacing grin. "Put
  your hands up over your head." The submissive secretary complies, holding her
  tightly-cuffed wrists up high. Slate steps up close behind her. She holds herself
  still, remembering how she stood before her rapist in just the same position.
  Only then she was tied&hellip; Why does she not bring her hands down from over
  her head to protect herself from the man as he strips off her dress and slip,
  leaving her in nothing but her lacy black lingerie? Why doesn't she try to
  stop the hands that continue to fondle and stroke her lush curves as she holds
  herself motionless in his grasp, her arms stretched up towards the ceiling,
  opening her pink lipsticked mouth to let him stick his tongue down her throat.
  The hands that pull and twist on her hardening nipples through the lacy cup
  of the bra, hurting them, making her gasp into his mouth. He breaks off, leaving
  her panting. "Yes, you'll be a good girl for me&hellip;" he muses. "A good
  little fucking whore. Anyone can see that that is what you were made for." She
  looks up at him, wide eyed, eating it up. "You can put your hands down now.
  Go and get me a drink."  
She walks off towards the kitchen without a word, her white ass cheeks still
  faintly welted and jiggling as she gracefully balances on her very high heels,
  slipping easily into this new role&hellip; Slave&hellip; Sex slave&hellip; yes
  I guess that's what you'd call it. Sex slave&hellip; She feels the bite of
  the steel cuffs on her wrists as she fiddles around in the kitchen getting
  ice and putting it in a glass, etc, turning the words over in her mind, wondering
  why they seem to excite her so. Will he keep me cuffed like this all the time?
  She wonders. I guess I'll just have to get used to doing things this way. She
  has to admit that having her hands manacled makes her think twice about disobeying
  him, makes her feel naughty, provocative&hellip; She keenly feels the exposure
  of her flesh, her scanty undergarments only enticing further exploration. When
  will he put his hands back on her, in her? A knot of anxiety gathers in her
  stomach, her sheer nylon panties clinging damply to her shamelessly moistening
  slit.  
Meanwhile, Fiona has gone off to a walk-in closet in the hall and drags out
  a largish trunk, pulling it across the floor and into Alison's room. You can
  hear her opening it and unpacking stuff. Alison returns from the kitchen with
  a scotch on the rocks in her hand, setting it down on the coffee table in front
  of her boss and standing there quietly, her eyes lowered and her cuffed hands
  in front of her. He just sits there staring at her for a few minutes and she
  starts to squirm restlessly&hellip; Finally he orders her to get down on her
  knees. She watches silently as he pulls a glass vial out of his pocket, similar
  to the one that Leroy was carrying. He shakes out a half a gram or so of some
  white powder onto the smooth marble top of the coffee table, separating it
  into lines and laying a small glass straw in front of her. Alison's heart sinks
  within her, remembering the powerful effects of the substance. She knows that
  once she does it, once the drugs hit her bloodstream, she will have absolutely
  no control over herself. "Do&hellip;do I have to&hellip;?" she asks hesitantly&hellip; "Is
  that an order?" "Yes, you stupid fucking cunt that's an order!" Slate replies
  impatiently. "Or would you like me to shove it up your ass?" Alison bends over
  the coffee table, her butt cheeks straining at the thin fabric of her panties
  as she compliantly snorts up four or five lines&hellip; enough so that she's
  really flying. Her head is spinning and her heart is pounding wildly in her
  chest as Slate helps her to her feet and kisses her deeply. She melts in his
  arms. He leads her back towards the bedroom. "Let's see what Fiona has been
  up to in there." he says.  
Alison's girlish bedroom has been transformed. Laid out and arranged around
  the room are every bondage and fetishistic item ever known to man. Corsets
  of leather, satin and brocade. Whips, paddles and belts of every description.
  Plugs, dildos and vibrators large and small, some with straps to keep them
  on or in. Straps, chains and fetters, gags, blindfolds, collars and cuffs.
  clips clamps and fasteners. Lubricants and rubber underwear. Boots and shoes
  with six and seven inch heels. Bizarre looking earrings, necklaces and bracelets.
  A variety of O rings have been screwed into the frame of her four-poster bed,
  presumably to fasten her with. On her dressing table is a steaming tub of hot
  water, a towel, shave cream and a straight razor. "Let's get this little bitch
  shaved&hellip;" Slate commands. He hands Alison off to Fiona, who gently pushes
  the dazed and compliantly-stoned girl down on her back on the bed, her hands
  still cuffed in front of her. The brunette climbs up onto the bed and squats
  over Alison's chest, pulling her manacled wrists up over her head and fastening
  them to a convenient ring mounted there at the head of the bed. Alison lays
  there staring up into space vacantly, breathing hard, her legs squirming. Fiona
  moves down her body, deftly slitting the straps of her bra and removing it,
  freeing her softly rounded breasts, her nipples slowly hardening in the breeze.
  She slowly peels the blonde's panties down, exposing her quivering quim. Slate
  gazes down at her impassively, the straight razor in his hand glinting menacingly
  in the light. "Get her legs up!" he commands.  
The dark-haired girl quickly fastens a pair of leather cuffs to her roommate's
  shapely ankles right over the straps of her high heels and fastens longish
  chains to the leather cuffs. Feeding the chain through the O rings mounted
  at the top posts of the bed, Fiona draws them tight, pulling Alison's feet
  up and up until they're in the air up there by her ears somewhere. The girl
  is violently quartered, her hips tilted up and her whole pussy and asscrack
  spread open wide. "That looks better&hellip;" says Slate, sitting down between
  Alison's legs at the foot of the bed. Alison is breathing hard, truly frightened
  now. She has never felt so totally exposed. Slate pats her wide-spread mound
  possessively. She squirms as best she's able, her clit obediently standing
  up and begging for attention. He caresses it idly, testing her. She jumps like
  she'd been stuck with a red-hot pin. Yeah this bitch is primed. Alison stares
  down at him over her breasts and belly, her eyes open wide. He picks up the
  can of shaving gel and squirts some around over the wide-stretched blonde's
  lower belly, working it up into a lather over her crotch and between her buttocks. "From
  now on you will keep your little snatch shaved clean for me always, Alison.
  Fiona will be glad to assist you if you wish." "That sounds nice&hellip;" the
  fucked-up blonde murmurs demurely, "But will she have to tie me like this?"  
Slate smirks to himself, aware of the slightly teasing tone of her reply.
  This one has slipped so easily into the role&hellip; he sure had her pegged
  all right. He takes the straight razor to her little blonde muffin. Whisk whisk
  whisk he scrapes the fur from above her tender slit, working carefully around
  her swollen and upstanding clit and down her pouting pussy lips, stretching
  the skin tightly and then scraping it bare. The coldness of the razor in contact
  with her moist tender parts makes her shiver, and her brow furrows as she puts
  all of her concentration into holding herself perfectly still, terrified by
  the proximity of the blade as the man deliberately shaves a few little hairs
  from around her wrinkled asshole. Oh god&hellip; Her skin where he has shaved
  it is as smooth and sensitive as a baby's. A baby&hellip; that's what she feels
  like&hellip; childlike and dependant&hellip; innocent and trusting. Somewhere
  in another part of her mind, alarm bells are screaming but they seem muted
  and far away&hellip; Fiona reaches over to spray an atomizer on her newly-denuded
  crotch. It is some sort of perfume, which burns her as the alcohol dries and
  evaporates on the tender private parts. Fiona sprays more in her armpits, between
  her breasts, etc. It is a heavy floral scent but with a tang of something else&hellip; something
  musky. Yes there it is the unmistakable aroma of female in heat. Eau de cunt.
  The perfume is laced with female pheromones guaranteed to get any man's nose
  open. Alison's mind drifts aimlessly for a moment, coming back to alertness
  when her legs are finally lowered. It feels so good to be able to relax them.
  Fiona removes the chains but leaves the cuffs on. Her hands are still manacled
  and fastened above her head.  
"With a figure like yours, Alison, you were made for corsets." Says Slate. "Why
  don't you try on this black one here&hellip;" he asks facetiously, picking
  one out from the big black chest in the corner. It is patent leather, long
  and lined in silk, with half cups in front designed to thrust their contents
  up and forward. He helps Alison up from the bed, taking her by the arm and
  guiding her to the doorway, refastening her hands to a hook in the doorframe
  over her head. Standing there with her back to him in the doorway to her own
  room, surrounded by shining leather and metal gear, the beautiful blonde knows
  that her life has changed forever. On the television in the other room, Alison
  sees herself in the bathroom last night, douching her rapist's semen from her
  vagina and anus. She has lost all right to privacy or concealment, even in
  the bathroom. Slate fastens the hooks and eyes of the corset around her. It
  is heavy duty, stiffly boned with flexible metal strips and severe enough to
  reduce her already slender twenty two inch waistline to a mere eighteen inches
  if it is tightened to its maximum. Slate ties it very tightly indeed, pulling
  relentlessly on the yards of lacing up and down her back, making it meet. Stretched
  out as she is, there's no way for her to resist the inexorable tightening of
  the shiny black leather around her middle, pushing her belly and waistline
  in and her diaphragm up, forcing her to breathe in shallow gasps and thrusting
  her rear impudently out behind. When he has laced her up as tight as the corset
  will permit, he wraps the loose laces around her body at the waist and ties
  them in a double knot at the back. He then takes a four inch wide black leather
  belt with several rows of holes pierced through it and a sturdy triple buckle
  from Fiona and cinches it around her over the corset laces, buckling it very
  tight. Alison's whole torso is now seized in a doubly iron grip, which forces
  her to stand stiffly erect and accentuates the fullness of her breasts and
  the swelling of her hips. She feels as though she can barely breathe, that
  she might snap at any moment. The constriction of her waist seems to force
  the blood up into her head, making her temples pound, and down into her belly
  where her sweetly-shaved little honeypot contrasts excitingly with the black
  leather and lace surrounding it. Slate fastens the six or eight garters from
  the bottom of her corset to her lacy stocking tops, stretching them tightly
  to the tops of her thighs. "From now on, Alison, you're going to wear a corset
  every day."  
Slate lets the girl hang there as he describes his future plans for her,
  warming to his subject. He reaches up and clicks the handcuffs a notch tighter
  around her wrists, making them bite into her wristbones painfully at the slightest
  movement. Her fingers wiggle and writhe futilely, flashing glints off her long
  polished pink fingernails. She looks anxiously back over her shoulder at him
  as he stands behind her, the front of his trousers just brushing against her
  temptingly bare buttocks that jut so invitingly from the shiny black patent
  leather that encircles her hips. You can still see the faint traces of the
  darker stripes where Leroy had marked her with his belt. "You're going to need
  a lot of training, Alison&hellip;" Slate remarks, reaching around in front
  of her to cup and fondle her freshly-shaved slit, making the bound and corseted
  girl's knees buckle as she hangs there from the hook above her head. "I'm going
  to see to it that you are under strict supervision twenty four hours a day.
  I will select your wardrobe, tell you what to wear and when and with who to
  take it off. My lovely young personal assistant here, your roommate, will carry
  out my instructions for you when I cannot be present. You will do as she tells
  you, remembering that a word from her is a command from me. If you refuse,
  you will be forced. If you resist or struggle, you will be whipped. Remember
  that if Fiona has any difficulty in controlling you, reinforcements are quickly
  available."  
With that, Slate pushes a red button on a small hand-held beeper device.
  Within seconds, there are heavy footsteps in the hall, and three burly leg-breaker
  types crowd through the doorway to the apartment in their cheap suits. "Hey
  boss, what's the problem? Seems like you have the situation pretty well under
  control&hellip;" Slate turns Alison around so that she is facing the living
  room and the three men standing there, her hands still bound to the hook over
  her head, her body squeezed into the restrictive black corset. "This is my
  new little bitch Alison." Says Slate sardonically. "Ain't she a thoroughbred?
  You'll keep her safe for me boys, won't you?"  
"Yeah boss&hellip; nobody comes or goes without you say so&hellip; I got
  it." "And if Fiona needs you for anything, you'll be available to help her
  out?" Slate inquires. "Lookin' forward to it, boss&hellip;" says the hulking
  bouncer type, his piggish eyes glittering as he frankly ogles the bound girl
  before him. "Say hello to Tony&hellip;" sez Slate, "And this here is Mickey
  and Luis. No doubt you'll be seeing more of them, and they of you." Alison
  tries to smile awkwardly at the three goons standing in front of her, who have
  in fact become her jailors. Her girlish bedroom is now full of men who it seems
  can come and go as they please. She presses her stockinged thighs together,
  trying to conceal her freshly-shaved slit. "I'd shake hands with you, but you
  see how things are&hellip;" the enslaved secretary says softly. "Yeah, honey&hellip; we
  see all right. Catch you later, boss&hellip;" The three thugs saunter back
  out of the apartment and down the hall. "I own this whole floor&hellip;" says
  Slate, "In fact the whole building. But this apartment is kind of special.
  I've had it soundproofed for one thing, and a number of useful devices have
  been installed. Useful for schooling and conditioning young women like you.
  Don't think that you're the first or will be the last. To me, you're just another
  little twat I'm training&hellip; You got that?" Alison nods silently, her eyes
  downcast, once again more or less thoroughly put in her place&hellip; Twat
  in training.  
"I've got several more apartments like this across town&hellip;" Slate explains, "each
  with other women living in it, all young and beautiful girls. You might say
  that training sluts is a hobby of mine&hellip;" He explains to her that nothing
  gives him more pleasure in life than the control he exerts over his little
  sex slaves. He even runs what you might call a small call-girl service, not
  so much for the money it brings in as for the enjoyment he finds in seeing
  his female trainees being forced to entertain many strange men. Slate plans
  to make sure that Alison gets fucked four or five times a day. He hopes that
  the sweet little blonde has learned to enjoy being sodomized because she is
  going to get it that way often from now on. He himself is going to fuck her
  hard up the ass every single time he sees her, starting with today. She may
  be punished, penetrated or pierced in any way and at any time or place that
  amuses him. "But what about my job&hellip; my family&hellip; my life&hellip;" Alison
  begins to protest. "Forget about all that silly meaningless shit, cupcake&hellip; You
  were made for just one thing&hellip; to serve my dick." Alison's knees are
  shaking as he calmly outlines his plans for her, looking into her liquid blue
  eyes as he holds her chin in his hand, forcing her to face him and meet his
  gaze. Finally, he releases her hands from the ring in the doorway and walks
  her back to the bed, his hand firmly on her arm. She can hardly walk, with
  the corset squeezing her so tightly around the middle. "Don't worry, honey,
  you'll get used to it&hellip;" Fiona says knowingly, noting her discomfort.
  Fiona&hellip; that bitch, thinks her roommate. She set me up. I'd like to scratch
  her fucking eyes out. Slate pushes her down on the bed. "Get me a collar and
  some cuffs, Fiona&hellip; and a size twelve butt plug." He orders the sultry
  brunette.  
Alison squirms there sitting on the edge of the bed, gazing up at her boss,
  her manacled hands resting in her lap, her anxious thighs rubbing together.
  She's still pretty stoned from the stuff she snorted an hour or so ago, although
  Slate's diatribe has had a somewhat sobering effect. Time seems to have become
  stretched out somehow&hellip; She feels unreal and detached, yet still very
  much present in the physical sense. Her body thrums with excitement and fear.
  She wants to be good for him&hellip; she'll try to be good for him, in spite
  of her resentment over the way she has been suckered by her slutty roommate.
  On the TV screen in the other room, she sees a closeup of Fiona tonguing her
  to orgasm on the day they shaved. Fiona knew all along, of course. The dark
  haired girl now returns to her bedside with a wooden box bound in metal, containing
  an assortment of collars and cuffs. They are of steel covered with black leather,
  slightly padded on the inside with some quilted material, and possessed of
  their own locking mechanisms. Around the outside of these objects, several
  rings provide ample opportunities to attach fastenings. "You will wear this
  collar and these cuffs as long as you are with me&hellip;" sez Slate, fitting
  the black choker around her neck and clicking it closed with a audible and
  final-sounding metallic snap. He changes the handcuffs for matching wrist bands,
  Fiona helping him to hold the blonde's arms as he makes the switch. Alison
  struggles slightly, ineffectually. The collar and cuffs fit her tightly but
  not painfully so.  
They press her down backwards on the bed, pulling her hands up over her head
  once again and stretching her arms wide. "How do you want her, boss?" Fiona
  inquires. "Like before&hellip; " he says. "With her legs up and spread&hellip;" Once
  more Alison's cuffed ankles are hoisted up until they are up by her shoulders
  and then fastened there at the top of the bed, her knees doubled back. It's
  a good thing Alison had all those dance classes back when she was in high school
  to keep her limber and flexible. With her feet pulled up over her head like
  this and the tight corset compressing her middle, the luscious little receptionist
  can't move a muscle. She can barely breathe. "We've got lots of more surprises
  for you, Alison&hellip;" her craggy-faced employer gloats. "This is how I like
  to see you, spread wide and open for me. You look very cute like that, but
  maybe you could use a few accessories&hellip; Yes, accessories make the look.
  You wouldn't mind wearing this for a little while, would you?"  
"This" is a black, somewhat flexible rubber appliance, about a foot long
  and an inch and a half thick, with a flaring base to which are attached three
  little straps or chains. The man waves it around in front of her face, making
  sure she can get a good look at it. Wear it? How? Slate rests the heel of his
  palm on the young secretary's freshly denuded mons, holding her steady. Dipping
  the head of the object in a jar of warm lubricant, he smears some of the stuff
  around between her widely separated ass cheeks, prodding at the bound girl's
  tiny wrinkled butt hole. He works some of the stuff in there with his finger,
  penetrating her roughly. The inside of her ass is squishy and still feels clean.
  Her sphincter grips his finger tightly as the girl moans weakly, her lips parting
  to reveal a couple of pearly white teeth. He slips another couple of fingers
  up Alison's moistening cunt, sawing them in and out as she lies there helplessly
  gasping. "I'll be good sir, I'll be good&hellip;" Holding her immobile by the
  fingers firmly hooked in her twat, Slate forces the head of the plug up into
  Alison's bruised and delicate anus, making her wince. Never stopping his relentless
  pressure, in a matter of moments he corkscrews the whole thing into her to
  the hilt until her pinkish rectal membranes are squelching and gripping futilely
  at its wide base. Then he fastens the straps on the thing to little rings mounted
  at the bottom hem of the corset, two in front on either side of her perfumed
  little pussy and one running up the crack of her ass in the back, cinching
  them up tight. Now that it's locked in there good and solid, there's no way
  the sweet blonde will be able to remove or expel it. She'll just have to wear
  it until somebody decides to take it out. It's not so thick as to be terribly
  painful, but she is certain to always be aware of the long shaft stretching
  and penetrating her, the head wiggling around somewhere deep inside her guts.  
"Just part of your training, Alison. You have a lovely ass, but it's a little
  too hard to get into. You really need more practice. So sometime late every
  afternoon, Fiona or whoever else is around will fasten one of these instruments
  inside you, which you will then be made to wear until it is time for your nightly
  whipping. You will note that this is only a size twelve. That is twelve inches
  long and an inch and a half thick. Let me show you a size eighteen&hellip;" It's
  a good six inches longer and easily twice as thick. "Every day, we will select
  a larger one for you. By the end of a week, your delicate rear should be much
  more accommodating." Alison's eyes close in fear after taking in the sight
  of the monstrous black rectum-stretcher she knows she will be wearing soon.
  Her arms and legs and hips are starting to ache from being bound so tightly
  in this extreme position. She doesn't know why, but somehow having her rear
  stuffed up like this makes her clit stand up and beg for attention. Slate notices
  this and gives it a few contemptuous flicks. The blonde bites her lip to keep
  from yelping. "Your little clitty feels neglected, doesn't it, Alison? Don't
  worry&hellip; we've got something for that too. Fiona, hand me some clips&hellip;"  
The bound receptionist's eyes pop open as she feels her boss seize her nakedly
  exposed clitoral shaft between his fingers, feels the bite of sharp little
  metal teeth fastening around the madly pulsating bud of flesh at the top of
  her slit. Slate adjusts the tension and then fastens a fine chain to the clip
  on her clit, pulling it upward and threading it through another small ring
  in the bottom edge of the corset. Now even her clit is in bondage, the little
  hood of flesh above it pulled up and back to make it stand out prominently.
  Slate quickly teases her sweet pink nipples out of the lacy half-cups of the
  corset and subjects them to similar treatment, fastening similar clips to the
  tender, hardening buds and connecting them with a silvery chain. "Wait until
  I get you pierced, you little slut&hellip;" What does he mean? Alison is beyond
  thinking. The manacles holding he limbs, the corset tightly laced around her,
  the clips biting into and pinching her most tender spots, the long phallic
  intruder filling her backside have her complete attention. Never in her life
  has she felt so totally dominated and controlled. Slate's voice seems to echo
  in her ears, resonating through her. Her Master's words, she thinks&hellip; using
  the word for the first time. Yes&hellip; Yes my master she thinks, surrendering
  to him utterly.  
Meanwhile, Fiona has been off in the corner cooking something up. When she
  returns, she holds in her hands a silver tray covered with a white napkin,
  on which has been laid out an assortment of IV drug paraphernalia. Some alcohol
  swabs, glass bottles of some unknown liquid with those rubber stoppers on the
  top that you stick the needle through, and an assortment of hypodermic needles
  and syringes, laid out in size order. These range from little insulin needles
  a half an inch long and as slender as a hair to three-inch horse stickers in
  gauge eighteen, and everything in between. There are syringes of one and three
  and ten cc. They are the old-fashioned kind, all chrome and glass. No plastic
  here. The sharp medicinal smell of alcohol makes the bound blonde open her
  eyes in alarm. "Wanna play doctor, Alison?" asks her roommate. Alison examines
  the gleaming instruments out of the corner of her eye&hellip; " Oh no&hellip; no
  no please&hellip; no not that no needles&hellip; please no needles&hellip;" she
  babbles in terror.  
"Don't worry, sweetie, you're gonna enjoy this. All the little whores are
  doing it&hellip;" says the dark-haired girl, sitting down at the edge of the
  bed and fitting a fine half-inch needle onto the end of a 3cc syringe. She
  then sticks the needle into the bottle of liquid and carefully draws out a
  syringeful of solution, being careful to squeeze out the air bubbles. "It's
  nothing you haven't done before&hellip; actually it's a new synthetic that
  some of the boys at the drug lab cooked up. It's really the just same as what
  you snorted before, only in more concentrated form, and mixed with a little
  anesthetic to make the injections less painful." She hands the filled syringe
  to Slate, returning to her work to make several more. Each syringe has a longer
  needle attached than the last. One inch, two inch, three inch&hellip; It looks
  like the adorable secretary is in for a long series of difficult, probing injections.  
"Give me a couple of more clips here, Fiona&hellip;" the man demands. These
  he fastens to Alison's inner labia, drawing a squeak of shocked surprise from
  the terrified young woman, and stretches them out to the sides, tying them
  to the straps of her garter so that they are held open widely. Slate then takes
  his left hand and presses down firmly on the blonde's belly as is quakes in
  fear, holding her steady, the hypodermic between the fingers of his other hand
  as he holds it up where she can see it. "Hold still, Alison," he warns her
  seriously&hellip; "I wouldn't want to injure you." He lowers his hand between
  her legs, bringing the syringe up between the lips of her slit. The frightened
  and trembling girl can no longer see what he is doing. Suddenly, she feels
  the ultra-sharp point of the needle right there, just underneath her ultra-sensitive
  clipped clit. Oh Goddd&hellip; the young lovely holds her breath.  
Tied and fastened as she is, her whole inner workings are exposed to him,
  her inner labia spread wide, the coral-colored entrance to her vagina pried
  open for his inspection. With a quick thrust, Slate sinks the half-inch needle
  into Alison's quivering clit shaft from underneath, spearing it right through
  the middle. The girl lets out her breath in a whooshing gasp. It doesn't hurt
  as much as she thought, but she is scared&hellip; very, very scared. She can
  feel the sharp point of the needle buried inside her most sensitive area just
  behind the head of her clit. "How do you like having my needle in your twat?" Alison
  gazes down at him in shocked silence, mute with fear. Slate shifts his grip
  on the syringe to depress the glass plunger, injecting about half of the clear
  liquid dynamite into the terrified girl, frowning in intent concentration as
  he works. Immediately a warm tingling starts to spread through her throbbing
  nerve endings where the lance has penetrated her. After a few seconds, the
  girl can hardly feel the bite of the clip on her tender joy button any more.
  She is still aware of the needle piercing her, but the sharp stinging pain
  has been replaced by a pleasant warm throbbing and a vague feeling of fullness.
  Slate withdraws the needle slightly, then probes again, injecting more drugs
  to the left and right of where he put the first batch, looking for new and
  more sensitive spots. The area begins to swell slightly.  
Alison closes her eyes and lays her head back against the pillows behind
  her as she feels the hot tingling excitement radiating up within her belly
  from her punctured pussy and Slate withdraws the first syringe, now empty.
  Her sphincter reflexively clenches and milks on the long black appliance still
  fastened deep up her ass. Her master takes another of the syringes Fiona has
  filled for him, with a longer one inch needle, still in 25 gauge. Bending down
  to his work, he slowly threads it up and into her swollen and throbbing clit
  shaft from underneath, not stopping until the chrome nut at the base of the
  needle bumps up against her hot little joy button. The surgically sharp point
  is now buried somewhere behind her clit hood, where the tight little bundle
  of nerves originates within her body. Admiring the contrast between the hard
  steeliness of the needle violating her and the soft smooth pinkness of the
  girl's pierced sex flesh, he slowly squeezes plenty of solution in there, seeking
  the root. As before, he pulls about half the length of the needle back out
  of her and stabs it home again this way and that, skewering her clit on the
  length of it, injecting more drugs as he goes like a dentist does inside your
  gums. He empties the syringe, finally pulling the needle free and tossing it
  aside, then goes for another with a terrifying two inch lance. Alison's whole
  clit and the top of her pussy are now pulsing with heat, sparkling scintillas
  of excitement running up and down her spine and mixing with a warm dreamy glow
  that builds inside her. She looks more relaxed now, her eyes closed and her
  mouth hanging open&hellip; He stabs the third syringe into her, two inches
  of chrome moly steel spearing up, up behind her clitoral shaft, seeking new
  places deeper inside her that haven't been touched yet, new nerve endings and
  places Alison never believed could be touched from the outside. Slate can tell
  by her gasps when his probing lance touches a still sensitive area and her
  sighs when the drugs flow into it. With the point of the shining hypodermic
  buried so deep inside her quivering cunt, Alison feels like the drugs are going
  straight up into her brain. She is beyond thinking now, beyond worrying about
  anything as she is totally riveted by the sensation of the steel shaft moving
  within her and the drugs flowing from it, making mindless OOOHs and OHHHs.
  By the time Slate squeezes the third syringe empty, Alison feels like she is
  going to fly off into outer space, a dizzying rush shooting through her. He
  pulls the instrument free from her engorged pussy flesh, removing the two inch
  needle from the now empty syringe. Then he carefully removes the clip from
  the spaced-out blonde's clit, leaving her labia still spread. Taking the girl's
  swollen joy button between his fingers, he thrusts the gleaming needle right
  through it from underneath, skewering her. Alison moans, dimly aware of what
  he has done but feeling little pain. Just enough&hellip; just enough to be
  exciting. Why oh why does it hurt so good&hellip; Why does the intensity of
  the fear that she feels just make her wetter and ache to be fucked, make her
  plugged rectum spasm and cling adoringly to the black intruder violating it?  
Slate takes another, larger syringe, like a 10cc with a three inch needle,
  full to the brim with liquid nitro and goes to work lower down&hellip; The
  girl feels his fingers prying open the ragged entrance to her wide open vagina.
  Oh no not in there not in there&hellip; she barely has time to think this before
  she feels the cold point scraping at the delicate inner walls inside her. Again
  and again Slate jabs the steely intruder more deeply into her internal passageway,
  squeezing out more and more solution as he goes, until the body of the syringe
  is half buried inside her hot wet squishy hole. Pulling back a bit and checking
  the angle, he drives the whole thing straight up inside her until the long
  needle is penetrating an inch or two into her dimpled cervix. Then he leisurely
  unloads the remaining half of the contents of the big syringe right into her
  womb as her moist pink membranes grip the glass around its base. As more and
  more narcotics explode in her brain, the submissive young secretary is hovering
  somewhere in never never land. Her whole torso from the waist down is glowing
  and tingling, inside and out. "Maybe we better give this little twist a minute
  or two to come back to earth&hellip;" sez Fiona. Slate agrees and removes the
  clips from her labia, finally allowing her hairless vulva to close around the
  two inch needle still piercing her clit. He swabs off the visible puncture
  marks. They reach up and finally untie the blonde's legs from up there around
  her ears and stretch her still blackly-corseted body out flat on the bed, fastening
  her ankles to the posts at the foot of the bed so that she is spread-eagled.
  They remove the clamps from her nipples, which now look quite red and sore.
  Within a few minutes the girl begins to stir feebly. Slate sips his Glenfiddich,
  sitting on Alison's vanity stool. His "personal assistant" decides she could
  use a little pick-me-up herself.  
Fiona fills another syringe with uncut liquid ecstasy and peels off her hotpants
  and panties, sitting down in the high wing-type armchair in the corner, throwing
  her legs over the arms. "Help me out here, lover&hellip; it's so much better
  when you do it&hellip;" she coos at Slate. He kneels between her spread legs
  and she hands him the hypodermic. He roughly shoves a finger up her twat. She
  pouts down at him provocatively. Slate jabs the hypo into her outer pussylip,
  searching for a vein. A little blood flows back into the syringe and he presses
  it home, booting it in there. Fiona rocks back and forth on his finger, letting
  her head fall back in the high armchair as the drugs hit home.  
A dopey relaxed look comes over her face. Slate pulls the needle out of her
  cunt and his finger from her hot hole. "Don't get too comfortable&hellip; we
  still have work to do," he observes, looking over at the bound Alison who is
  now coming to a little and starting to wiggle around on the bed, opening her
  eyes. She is still very very stoned, plugged and pierced. Slate gets up and
  stands over her, still fully clothed. "Are you sure you don't want some of
  this stuff?" asks Fiona. "Nah&hellip; that shit's for losers and whores."  
"Our little trainee is getting anxious&hellip;" he tells Fiona. "She's not
  getting enough attention. Bring me the rest of that stuff&hellip; It's time
  to get to work on those beautiful tits&hellip;" First they fill a couple of
  small syringes with short needles. One of them sits on each side of Alison,
  each holding one of the bound girl's breasts, pushing down the corset cups
  so that her reddened and sore nipples are exposed. Pinching them up firmly,
  they insert the needles several times around the circumference of her aureoles,
  searching out the nerve behind, stabbing and tickling it, all the while squirting
  more liquid warmth into her. Alison writhes in her manacles, gasping, the plug
  working within her ass as her buttocks clench, the faint pain from her pierced
  clit sending lightning jolts up to her brain. "Please&hellip; please&hellip; please&hellip; she
  starts to beg incoherently. "Fiona, go gag this bitch," says Slate&hellip; "She's
  starting to get on my nerves." The dark-haired girl returns with a black penis-gag
  about four inches long and as thick as a cucumber. She forces her roommate
  to open her mouth and swallow it, then buckles it firmly around the back of
  her neck. "URK&hellip; URK&hellip; URK&hellip;" Says Alison.  
"That sounds better&hellip;" says Slate. Meanwhile, he is reaching for, you
  guessed it, bigger syringes and longer needles. He fills them with the remaining
  drug solution and really goes to work on her breasts. He and Fiona stab them
  straight into the tips of her tender pink nippies, driving them in there a
  quarter of an inch at a time and squeezing out more and more narcotic/stimulant
  as they go. By the time they are done and the two big syringes are empty, the
  two long needles are buried to the hilt in her tempting tits, the chrome nubs
  pressed up against the very tips of her nipples and both of Alison's breasts
  are glowing globes of liquid ecstasy. Slate unscrews the syringes from the
  needles, leaving them buried in her flesh. Tears are running down the little
  blonde's face as she watches this fiendish procedure. It's not so much the
  pain as the idea of it&hellip; She knows her life will never be the same. "How
  do you like having your nipples and pussy pierced?" Slate taunts her. "URK&hellip;URK&hellip; URK&hellip;" is
  all she can say. "Well, you better get used to it&hellip; just wait until you
  are ringed. Then you'll never be able to forget that you're my slave. But best
  to let a professional install them&hellip; I'll have Fiona make an appointment
  for you. Would you like that?" "URK&hellip; URK&hellip; URK&hellip;." "Don't
  worry, honey," Fiona pipes up, "They only hurt for the first couple of weeks."  
Alison closes her eyes, unable to bear looking at what has been done to her.
  Lying there bound and corseted, gagged drugged and pierced, she realizes that
  for her life as she knows it is over&hellip; there will be no going back. She
  has already gone too far. Her erstwhile employer intends to keep her like this,
  controlling every aspect of her existence from now on, and it appears that
  he actually has the power and the will to do so. She is fearful, yet still
  strangely excited at the prospect, realizing that in the end it doesn't really
  matter how she feels about it. It's a done deal. Her every waking moment will
  be supervised&hellip; she will wear what he says, go where he says, do what
  he says with whoever he tells her to do it with. It's so humiliating. Maybe
  it's just the drugs that seem to paralyze her will, but right now she has no
  regrets&hellip; right now she feels girlishly docile, anxious but excited thinking
  of the days to come. She will try to be obedient for him. Doubtless she will
  be punished anyway.  
Slate finally withdraws the needles thrust into her punctured tits and pussy.
  He doesn't want to stick himself on them when he fucks her. Alison whimpers
  as he pulls them out slowly, the skin drawing out with them as if reluctant
  to let them go, and tosses them aside on the silver tray. Her swollen clit
  throbs dully where it has been skewered, achingly sensitive to the slightest
  touch. "Fiona, get down there&hellip;" Slate commands as he removes the choking
  penis gag which drips with Alison's saliva. The submissive blonde works her
  jaws for a moment, happy to be able to move them again. Slate stands over her,
  looking down into her eyes as Fiona crawls up between her spread-eagled legs,
  gently spreading her vulva and fastening her lips on the adorable girl's painfully
  abused and erect clitoris. She sucks it between her teeth, tickling and soothing
  it with the tip of her tongue. The shaved secretary's hips buck up and down
  involuntarily as she gasps and moans. She has never felt more thrillingly responsive. "Want
  me to fuck you now, Alison?" Slate asks as he starts pulling off his slacks.
  In fact, she's been thinking of nothing else since the moment he walked into
  the living room, she admits to herself. But how can she tell him that? She
  drops her eyes shyly, unable to speak, her throat constricted. Finally she
  finds her voice&hellip; " I&hellip; I'm yours, sir&hellip;. You can do anything
  you want to me&hellip;" she replies. "That's not what I asked you, you stupid
  cunt." So he wants her to beg.  
Alison stares up at him worshipfully as he strips before her. His body is
  trim, muscular and hairy, smelling slightly of English Leather or something
  like that. His massively erect cock springs free as he pulls off his shorts,
  socks and shoes. Maybe not quite as long as Leroy's but it might be a shade
  thicker&hellip; at least twice the size of her pencil-dick boyfriend Tom. It
  will be a struggle to fit it all inside her, she knows, but it's the kind of
  struggle she looks forward to losing. Slate will make it fit. Of that she has
  no doubt. Fiona's tongue is still working on her, making her squirm and release
  a flood of juices, her asshole squishing around the long black plug still installed
  within her. The smell of her spasming cunt permeates the room&hellip; how can
  she deny it? "Please, sir&hellip;" she begs him, "Please fuck me&hellip;" There,
  she said it. "Go on, Alison, he commands her&hellip; "How should I fuck you?" "Fuck
  me hard, sir&hellip; as hard as you can. Don't stop no matter what I say. Make
  me come and come and come&hellip; I want to come with your big dick inside
  mee&hellip;" "And where should I fuck you, Alison?" "Anywhere you want. Sir..
  In my pussy&hellip; up my ass&hellip; in my mouth&hellip; all three if you
  wish. I&hellip; I need it that way&hellip; to be fucked and fucked and fucked&hellip; Make
  me your slave girl, your whore&hellip; make me your slave girl and never let
  me go&hellip;."  
Satisfied with this confession, Slate shoos the slurping Fiona away from
  the bound blonde's slippery little nookie, lowering himself on top of her as
  she looks up at him with an expression of total subservience and trust. "Don't
  worry, you hot little cunt&hellip; you're not going anywhere&hellip; at least
  not for a long while." He tells Fiona to release the girl's ankles from their
  spread-eagled position, pushing her knees up until her legs are once again
  spread widely and her wet little cunt is at a better angle for penetration.
  Fisting his king-sized knob, he brings it up between her smooth wet pussy lips,
  spreading her. Then with a single thrust, he buries the entire length of his
  hot hairy organ to the hilt in her tight hairless little honeypot. "UNHHHH&hellip; UNGHHHH&hellip;" Alison
  cries out as he drives into her relentlessly, feeling every inch of his thick
  veiny dick as it twitches inside her, stretching her, hurting her, banging
  with brutish force at the mouth of her womb. She can feel his thick cock rubbing
  against the long black rubber shaft that still violates her ass through the
  thin membrane that separates them. It certainly is a novel sensation&hellip; she
  never dreamed that having her butt plugged could make fucking feel so savagely
  intense. He can feel it too, making her cunt extra tight for him. He enjoys
  making her wear it, knowing he put it there, exerting his power over her&hellip;  
For a moment he just savors the moment, the sensation of having his turgid
  manmeat buried to the hilt in her hot little box for the first time. Then he
  starts to fuck. At first he goes slow, making her feel every inch of it, teasing
  her. As she loosens up a bit, he starts pounding her harder and harder until
  he's going like a fucking jackhammer, his hard belly smacking up against her
  sweetly shaved mound on every thrust. SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK. UNH UNH UNH.
  The girl grunts with every thrust, involuntarily raising her knees up higher
  to grant him easier access, the drugs still flowing through her bloodstream
  helping to keep her docile and responsive. The grinding of his belly against
  her tortured and upthrust clit, the relentless pounding of his cockhead against
  the back wall of her cunt, the friction of his his throbbing hot shaft against
  the thick intruder stuffed up her behind conspire to push her over the edge.
  She's coming&hellip; coming in her pussy and up her ass&hellip; in her pussy
  and up her ass&hellip; clenching convulsively on the twin instruments that
  impale her, sobbing and blubbering in joy and submission. "Yeah, come for me,
  you little bitch&hellip; come for me!" her master demands, taunting her. Gradually,
  her spasms subside and he withdraws his still rock-hard unit from her depths,
  wet with her secretions. He has been careful not to come yet.  
Slate looks over at Fiona, who has been taking all of this in, her legs still
  draped over the sides of the armchair, idly fingering her twat. "Should make
  a hellava tape, Boss&hellip; I knew our little Alison had star quality&hellip;" "Yeah
  but the best part is yet to come&hellip; lets get her turned over&hellip;" says
  the dominant exec. "I want her up on her hands and knees." Oh no here it comes,
  thinks the delicious young blonde, shivering, remembering Slate's promise.
  He's going to fuck me up my ass. She knows he'll do it hard, hurting her with
  his big dick as he said he would. Still, she's anxious to complete the act,
  wanting him to possess her totally, breaking her to his will, remembering the
  deeply submissive fulfillment she felt when Leroy shot his steaming load up
  her bowels there in the elevator. And she didn't even like him. Hell, she's
  halfway there already as her scared little sphincter twitches around the rubbery
  plug filling it. She allows Slate's hands to guide her as he and Fiona roll
  her over on her belly, unclipping her manacles from the posts at the top of
  the bed and fastening them together in front of her and connecting them to
  her collar with a short chain. Alison rests her weight on her elbows and knees
  and compliantly raises her backside up, getting her legs up underneath her. "A
  little higher, sweetcheeks&hellip;" Once he has her properly positioned, Slate
  fastens her hands once more to the ring in the center of the headboard as Fiona
  fixes her ankles to more rings mounted in the side rails of the bed, keeping
  her immobilized in this frog-like position. Slate gazes down in satisfaction
  at his little slave girl trussed up like a Thanksgiving turkey. Her face is
  down, her ass raised up invitingly&hellip;  
"We don't want her pussy to feel neglected.." he says, "Give her a couple
  of those buzz balls to play with." Fiona goes to the chest in the corner and
  selects a couple of shining chrome vibrator balls about an inch around, connected
  to a hand control with a little wire. Reaching up underneath the enslaved secretary,
  she inserts them deep inside her tender slit, handing the control to Slate.
  Suddenly, Alison feels a buzzing inside her, tickling her clit from the inside
  and vibrating against the plug that has been stuck up her ass for an hour now.
  OOOH OOOOOOH AAAHHHH she moans deliciously. Slate unfastens the little straps
  that hold the butt plug in place, and slowly it slides out of her, repelled
  by the natural clenching action of her colon, and falls onto the bed with a
  plop. It is slimy with ass-goo and Fiona quickly takes it away, returning with
  an applicator full of lube. This she inserts into her trembling roommate's
  well-stretched rectum, pushing the plunger to inject the warm creamy lubricant
  into her slick anal passage. "She's ready for you, boss&hellip; come and get
  it," she tells the steely- eyed construction exec. Alison's heart is in her
  mouth, her pulse pounding in her temples, her eyes closed and her lips parted.
  It won't be long now&hellip;  
Slate kneels on the bed behind her, moving up between her legs. He grabs
  the laces of the corset at the bottom, holding her steady, the tip of his erection
  grazing her buttocks as the chrome balls buzz merrily in her cunt, the controller
  dangling from her pink pussylips by its little wire. Faint traces of Leroy's
  belt can still be seen across the girl's ivory white asscheeks. Slate remarks
  that he likes to see her marked in this way, and that he intends to make sure
  that some sign of punishment is always visible upon her body. Accordingly,
  she will be whipped every day, regardless of how she behaves. Although he looks
  forward to hearing her screams, this treatment is really more for her enlightenment
  than for his pleasure. That she might know and understand, through her suffering,
  that she is wholly dedicated to a will other than her own. There's still nothing
  like a good whipping to instill the proper attitude in slave girls, and little
  sluts like her deserve to be punished. Of course, any hesitation to obey on
  her part will be dealt with on the spot, apart from her more formal or ritualized
  whippings every evening. He reminds her that the whole apartment is soundproofed,
  and that in any case her only neighbors are in his employ. If her screams or
  pleadings should become too annoying, she can easily be gagged. Alison kneels
  there abjectly, his words ringing in her ears as the broad head of his cock
  tickles the entrance to her tight pink little rectum and she waits passively
  for him to penetrate her. He is keeping her in suspense. So she is to be whipped&hellip; It
  only seems fitting. Much as she fears it, she realizes that she wants, even
  needs to be punished for her sick desires&hellip; for her shameful lack of
  control. She realizes that she is waiting more eagerly than he for the moment
  when his big dick is buried in her bowels. Bad girl&hellip;  
His speechifying over, Slate returns to the business at hand. Still grasping
  the laces of the corset like reins in his left hand, he fists his purplish
  knob with the other and presses forward with his hips, grinding himself into
  her tight wrinkled anal ring, opening her wider&hellip; wider&hellip; Alison
  clenches and grits her teeth, her face all scrunched up in concentration and
  pain. Even though she's been well lubricated and stretched by the plug she's
  been wearing, it's still quite a struggle to fit his massive thickness in there.
  MMMMMMNNNNNNNN&hellip;UNGHHHH! The trussed-up cutie lets out a shrill scream
  as the wide head of his manly member finally pops inside her rear entrance,
  rattling the chains that hold her to the bed as she squirms ineffectually.
  Slate looks down at the blonde's dark pink anal membranes stretched around
  him as tightly as the strings of a tennis racket, smiling in satisfaction.
  So far so good&hellip; only nine more inches to go. He bores in there, driving
  hard into the softer and more elastic flesh of her bowels, pulling her back
  onto him by the reins, forcing his way deeper&hellip; deeper&hellip; an inch
  at a time, not stopping or giving her time to adjust until the full length
  of it is buried in her to the root and her trembling white asscheeks are pressed
  up hard against his belly. The sexy receptionist gasps, whimpers and sobs,
  fat tears squeezing out of the corners of her tightly closed eyes. It hurts&hellip; oh
  god it hurts&hellip; how could she have thought she wanted this? Her squishy
  inner ass muscles work around his shaft, doing their best to push out this
  burning intrusion, but succeed only in caressing his shaft sensuously, adoringly.  
Gradually, the ring of muscle at the mouth of her rectum begins to relax
  and loosen, finally exhausted and giving up the fight. Alison shifts her hips
  this way and that, trying to ease the pressure and make room inside herself
  for his fat sodomizing tool, surrendering herself to the fact that he's not
  going anywhere except deeper up her hot behind. Once again she becomes aware
  of the slippery chrome balls buzzing away inside her slit, stimulating her
  super-sensitive little clit from inside and causing the big dick that spears
  her to vibrate in sympathy. OOOOOOOOHHH she moans as a wave of hot pussy-passion
  rolls over her, causing her to involuntarily tighten herself around his hot
  throbbing manmeat. Slate smirks to himself. "Yeah, take it you slutty little
  slave-bitch. Take it up the ass&hellip;" Alison's ears burn in shame as he
  cruelly taunts her. Now that he's got her where he wants her, he reaches up
  with his both hands to grab her on either side of her tightly-constricted waist,
  forcing her buttocks down harder on his rock-hard truncheon, stirring it around
  inside her like a mortar and pestle. The lovely blonde's mouth is hanging open,
  a thin stream of drool wetting the pillow underneath her head as she whinnies,
  whines and coos.  
Holding her tightly by the hips, he slowly starts working himself in and
  out of her, going a little further, a little faster and harder with each stroke,
  making her grunt each time he slams it home to the deepest depths of her loosening
  anal cavity. Soon he is moving smoothly and easily, the little muscles inside
  her fluttering around his pistoning cock like excited butterflies. "Yeah you
  like big dicks up your ass, don't you, slut&hellip;" Alison burbles incoherently.
  Every time he speaks to her that way, her spasming butt hole reflexively tightens
  around him. "Answer me, bitch&hellip;" he commands. "Yesss&hellip; yesss&hellip;" He
  slaps her butt. Yes what? "Yes sir&hellip;" Yes sir what? "Yes sir, Master&hellip;" the
  bound blonde answers submissively. "Yes sir, Master&hellip; I love big dicks
  up my assss&hellip; I&hellip; ungh&hellip; love&hellip; ungh&hellip; your&hellip; ungh&hellip; big&hellip; ungh&hellip; dick&hellip; ungh&hellip; up&hellip; ungh&hellip; my&hellip; ungh&hellip; asssss&hellip;." "That's
  good," Slate replies, satisfied for the moment with her halting confession. "That's
  good because you're going to get your ass fucked a lot from now on&hellip; and
  not just by me." A little vein pulses in his temple and sweat beads his forhead
  as he slams his dominating dick harder and faster into the drugged and defenseless
  girl's adorable tush.  
She pushes herself back against him, opening herself fully, wanting to be
  good for him. He can feel the benwa balls buzzing inside her too, tickling
  the underside of his pecker and making his balls tighten up, making him want
  to shoot his wad. SMACKASMACKASMACKASMACKASMACKASMACKA&hellip; The sounds of
  his hips bouncing forcefully off her butt cheeks mingle with the squishing
  and felching of his cock driving in and out of her and the grunts, moans and
  squeals of the sodomized blonde. The smells of hot cunt and anal mucosa fill
  the room. Suddenly he can hold out no longer&hellip; He pulls the girl tightly
  to him, holding her immobile as jet after jet of hot steaming sperm erupts
  form his throbbing member into the deepest recesses of her writhing bowels.
  When she feels the heat of his burning come splashing inside her sadistically
  stretched rectum Alison loses it, bucking and humping wildly as a series of
  intense orgasms convulses her, clamping her asshole down on him like a vise,
  wringing the last drops of jism from his pulsating prick. He leaves it there
  inside her as it slowly deflates, finally popping out of her with a gush of
  pinkish froth as they both pant to catch their breath. So he has made her bleed
  inside&hellip; Good.  
"Fiona, get over here, you lazy bitch&hellip; Get this little cunt cleaned
  up," he orders. Although this is hardly her favorite part of her job, the brunette
  obeys immediately, knowing her boss can turn from relaxed gentleman to venomous
  snake in a heartbeat. The sensual-looking brunette kneels between Alison's
  legs on the bed, taking Slate's place on the bed as he sinks into the chair
  and lights a cigarette. Bending over to her task, she takes the tip of her
  pointy pink tongue to her luscious roommate's hindquarters, licking and slurping
  up the come that oozes from her still spasming asshole. When the submissive
  secretary's butt is squeaky clean and shining with her saliva, Fiona steps
  back off the bed to release the bound girl's legs, finally allowing her to
  stretch out. She turns the girl over so that she's lying on her back. After
  turning off the vibrating balls, Fiona gently pulls them out by the wire attached
  to the little control, and goes to work on the bound babe's smoothly shaved
  nookie. Alison squirms slightly, enjoying her tongue bath, still dazed from
  the drugs and the brutal fucking she has received. When she is done, Fiona
  looks up at Slate, who sits there impassively sipping his scotch. "Service
  with a smile, boss&hellip;" she says, grinning, her face coated with Alison's
  girlish secretions. She knows better than to argue with one of his commands.
  There are still three big ugly bruisers down the hall who would be happy to
  put her in her roommate's place in an instant, not that her boss would need
  the help. She kneels in front of Slate's chair to perform the same service
  for him.  
When Slate signals to her that she is done with a dismissive wave of his
  hand, Fiona rises and unclips the chain fastening the bound girl to the headboard,
  leaving her hands cuffed to the ring in her collar. She unbuckles the belt
  around Alison's middle and loosens the laces of her corset a couple of inches. "There&hellip; that
  should be enough&hellip;" she says, tying them again. "Now you can rest for
  a while." She removes the blonde's high-heeled pumps, unfastening the dangling
  black earrings from her lobes but leaving the two little diamond studs above
  them in place. She pulls a coverlet up over the girl's black stockinged legs.  
"I&hellip; I have to go to the bathroom&hellip;" sez Alison meekly. Fiona
  helps her to get up and leads her through the door to the bathroom that they
  both share, connecting their two rooms, and sits her down on the toilet seat.
  Slate eyes them through the open door. "Are you going to watch me?" she asks
  them hesitantly. "Better get used to it, honey&hellip;" says Fiona. Alison
  flushes with embarrassment, remembering the tapes she has already seen, the
  cameras she knows are hidden somewhere behind the mirrored walls. She feels
  suddenly inhibited, uptight. Slate rises and comes into the room, standing
  over her as she squats. "Go ahead and piss, you little bitch&hellip;" he commands
  her. "I&hellip; I can't&hellip;" the sweet blonde whimpers. Slate slaps her
  face. "I said piss!" He slaps her again. Red-faced and sniveling, Alison is
  unable to hold back the stream of water that flows from her body. She burns
  in humiliation as the man stands over her. With her cuffed hands fastened to
  her neck like this there's no way for her to wipe herself. Fiona has to do
  it for her. Finally they help her up and guide her back to the bed, once more
  fastening her to the headboard, but with a slightly longer length of chain
  to allow her to roll over in her sleep, etc. Alison curls up on her side in
  a fetal position as they cover her. Slate reaches down to briefly caress her
  crack. She gazes back up at him with abject servility. "You'd better get some
  rest&hellip; You've got a big day tomorrow." They leave the room, turning out
  the light. "Sweet dreams, slave girl."  
Lying there in the dark, hearing the faint sounds of voices and laughter
  from the living room of the apartment, the former receptionist finds her mind
  drifting anxiously over the events of the last two days&hellip; two days of
  strange new experiences, a dizzying frightening mix of pain and pleasure, ecstasy
  and torture. She can scarcely believe that her life has changed so much in
  such a short period of time. She is conscious of the bareness of her shaved
  mound that makes her feel girlish, innocent and defenseless. She tests the
  cuffs holding her wrists and neck, making the chains rattle, feeling the corset
  still constricting her&hellip; there's no escaping them. Does he really intend
  to keep her like this forever? Why does the very idea of being bound seem to
  make her wet between the legs, readying herself for penetration? The treatment
  she has received, which by rights should have left her angry and desperate
  to escape, seems instead to have filled her with a terrible, fearful excitement
  and a weak-kneed, languorous passivity. In spite of the soreness of her body,
  she knows that she would happily give herself to Slate again in an instant,
  should he walk back into the room. She sees herself again groveling and begging
  him with disgusting servility to fuck her harder up the ass&hellip; Why is
  it that the more he hurts and humiliates her, the more she loves him, the more
  shamefully anxious she is to obey him? Where is her pride&hellip; her dignity&hellip; her
  resolve? He must be right about her&hellip; she's just a worthless little slut
  who deserves to be punished. Punished&hellip; whipped every day like a slave.  
Alison sees herself again as she was in her dream, tied to the post by her
  wrists, ankles and belly as the shadowy figure behind her raises his arm&hellip; imagines
  the crack of the lash across her soft white backside&hellip; the very thought
  makes her squirm beneath the covers and her heart pound loudly in her chest.
  Tomorrow&hellip; tomorrow it will begin. She remembers the needles&hellip; the
  shining steel that pierced her so deeply in her most sensitive feminine places,
  the cold sharp feeling of the long thin lances probing inside her clit and
  up her pussy, seeking out her deepest nerve endings, the drugs flowing into
  her that reduced her to a mindless, obedient receptacle, wanting only to come
  and come. There will be more needles, of that she is sure&hellip; More plugs,
  too. Once again she envisions the monstrous black rubber phallus he showed
  her, with its wicked little straps dangling. Size eighteen. Sees herself once
  again subserviently down on her hands and knees taking it for her master&hellip; taking
  it and loving it. Loving it in spite of the terror, the agony and shame&hellip; or
  perhaps even because of it. Alison bites her lips in anguish, hating herself
  for her weakness and need, hating her womanly body for betraying her again
  and again, almost looking forward to the harsh discipline she knows is coming
  as an expiation for her guilt. She feels as though she's been strapped into
  a wild emotional roller-coaster ride that has no end. Finally, exhausted beyond
  measure by the events of the day, she ceases tormenting herself and slips off
  into unconsciousness. 
CHAPTER THREE 
Alison awakens bright and early the next morning, momentarily disoriented
  to find herself still cuffed to the bed, chained and corseted, albeit not so
  tightly as to be terribly uncomfortable. In a horrifying flash she recalls
  the events of the previous day and a bolt of absolute terror runs through her.
  The beautiful blonde quickly determines that today she will have to find a
  way to escape. She is still pretty sore and hung-over, and very hungry. Also
  she has an urgent need to urinate. Swallowing her pride for the moment, she
  calls out to her roommate who she hears bustling around in the kitchen, filling
  the apartment with the aroma of freshly-brewed coffee.  
"Fiona come help me&hellip; Please you've got to let me loose I have to pee&hellip; please
  hurry&hellip;"  
After a moment, her roommate comes into the room, carrying a tray with coffee,
  juice, eggs and toast, setting it down on the bedside table. "So our little
  trainee has to go pee pee&hellip;" Fiona smirks, "First I think we better get
  a few things straight." The brunette is dressed already, rather bizarrely,
  in a black catsuit, high-heeled boots, and long black rubber gloves. Around
  her waist is a thick leather belt from which various implements are hung&hellip; a
  ring of keys, the little black beeper she can use to summon assistance, and
  a short black leather quirt or whip about 18 inches long. Fiona's long dark
  wavy hair is pulled back into a tight pony tail and the expression on her face
  is serious. She sits down on the bed next to Alison and explains that she has
  been left in charge of the girl for the morning, and indeed whenever the master
  of the house is not present. It will be her job to get Alison ready for the
  afternoon's entertainment, whatever that might be, according to Slate's instructions.
  Since she herself will be punished for any failures or lack of preparation
  on Alison's part, she had best not have any illusions about their relationship.
  If Alison refuses to obey or even moves too slowly, that's what the black quirt
  is for. Fiona will be happy to provide some encouragement. She herself has
  been where her roommate is at now, and has no desire to return to her former
  status. Accordingly, whenever they are alone together in the apartment, she
  will be addressed as Mistress Fiona, just to keep Alison constantly aware of
  her place.  
"Do we understand each other?" The luscious blonde squirms with the urgency
  of her need to go to the bathroom as she is forced to listen to this long-winded
  lecture. It's so humilitating to have to ask permission just to go to the bathroom. "Yes,
  Mistress Fiona&hellip; whatever you say&hellip; I understand." Alison mumbles,
  choking on the words. She hates her snake-in-the-grass roommate more than ever,
  and hates herself for giving in already, but she cannot fight the call of nature.
  Her feelings are not lost on Fiona, who eyes her with amusement. It's so much
  more fun when they're a little unwilling.  
Finally, the sultry brunette unlocks the chain fastening Alison to the headboard,
  allowing the girl to sit up. She fixes a one foot length of chain to the cuffs
  still fastened to the blonde's ankles, and attaches a four foot leash to the
  ring in the front of her collar. "Just in case you were thinking of trying
  to run off anywhere&hellip;" She leads her statuesque roommate like a dog to
  the bathroom, sitting her down on the toilet and allowing her to finally relieve
  herself. When she has finished her business, her wardress leads her back to
  the bedroom and tells her to hurry up and eat her breakfast, they have a tight
  schedule to keep. The captive receptionist eats ravenously, still feeling very
  stiff and sore as Fiona gets up an goes back to the bathroom. Her hands are
  still cuffed together in front of her. From inside she hears the sound of running
  water. After a few moments the dark-haired girl returns, holding a small silver
  shrink-wrapped package in her hand. "I think I know how you're feeling, honey.
  This will help." She unwraps a couple of white waxy suppositories, about an
  inch long and rounded at one end. Some sort of pain-killers, no doubt. "Turn
  over on your tummy, sweetie&hellip;"  
For a moment, Alison considers putting up a struggle&hellip; the last thing
  she wants right now is more drugs. She's got to keep her wits about her, remain
  focused if she wants to attempt an escape. At least the throbbing soreness
  she feels in her private parts helps to keep her alert and motivated. Sensing
  the girl's reluctance, Fiona warns her&hellip; "Do you want me to get Tony
  to lend a hand?" Her finger is on the red button of the beeper. The idea of
  that overgrown gorilla participating in her humiliation gives Alison pause.
  Maybe now is not the time. With a sigh the cuffed blonde rolls over, exposing
  her well-formed rear. The marks of Leroy's belt whipping have mostly faded
  by now, her ivory white buttocks looking smooth, soft and temptingly umblemished
  where they jut out temptingly from beneath the back of the patent-leather corset.
  Fiona clips her wrists back to the headboard, stretching her arms up over her
  head, removing the chain from between her ankles and forcing them apart. Alison
  feels rubber-gloved hands prying her apen, separating her cheeks, teasing her
  tight rectal dot. Involuntarily, she tenses, squeezing her butt together tightly. "Relax,
  honey&hellip; loosen up&hellip;" her wardress commands her. Alison grits her
  teeth. "Can't I just take a pill? Why do you have to&hellip; " WHAPP! She feels
  a streak of fiery pain burn across her contracted tush. Her captor has struck
  her with the quirt. "You forgot to address me by my title&hellip;" hisses the
  black-haired bitch. "What is it?" "Yes Mistress&hellip; Yes, Mistress Fiona&hellip;" the
  tied up blonde stammers quickly. A single dark pink stripe now decorates her
  tempting behind. "You know I just adore whipping asses&hellip;" says her evil
  roommate with a smile, "&hellip;And yours is just made for it. You look so
  cute with that welt across your cheeks&hellip; are you sure you wouldn't like
  another?" "No, Mistress Fiona&hellip; Please Mistress Fiona&hellip;" grovels
  Alison. There that's better&hellip; now we know who's boss.  
The shackled secretary forces herself to relax as Fiona once more pries her
  open, smearing a little lube around before inserting one of the waxy white
  suppositories in the girl's abused and slightly swollen rectum, pushing it
  up there good and deep with a slender rubber-gloved forefinger. "Now raise
  your hips up for me, blondie&hellip;" she orders the shamed cutie, working
  the other suppository up Alison's tight hairless quim as she obediently opens
  herself further, still feeling the sting of the lash. "There&hellip; all done." Fiona
  remarks, withdrawing her probing finger and slapping her playfully on the butt.
  The brunette then gets up and goes back to the bathroom, turning off the water
  which has been filling the king-sized tub. Alison hears the gurgling sounds
  of some kind of container being filled as she lies there waiting face down
  on the bed. Within a few minutes she feels the throbbing soreness of her sensitive
  membranes being replaced by a warm comforting glow as the suppositories melt
  inside her and are absorbed, soothing her and sending warm relaxing messages
  rushing through her bloodstream and up to her brain. By the time Fiona returns
  to the bedroom, her little trainee is feeling vaguely buzzed and dreamily compliant,
  her eyelids half closed. "See, I told you you'd feel better&hellip; Mistress
  knows best. Now let's go and get you cleaned up&hellip;" Fiona quickly strips
  the girl, untying and removing the tight leather corset, removing her ankle
  cuffs and pulling the laddered and ruined stockings off her legs and throwing
  them in the trash. She then unties her manacled wrists from the headboard and
  leads her naked and now much more docile charge back into the bathroom by the
  leash still attached to her collar.  
Once inside, the lovely captive is allowed to brush her teeth and gargle
  with mouthwash. Then Fiona sits her down on a white plastic chair and removes
  the smeared makeup that still remains on her face with cold cream. Alison sits
  quietly with a dreamy expression on her face, her hands folded in her lap,
  her eyes closed. Her rubber-gloved mistress then leads her to the tub and sits
  her down in the warm scented bubble bath. "Raise your arms up for me honey&hellip;" The
  sweetly-shaved secretary passively allows her dark-haired roommate to manipulate
  her this way and that, soaping her thoroughly all over with a soft sponge and
  washing her long silky blonde hair, finally tying it up in a towel turban style.
  Fiona pulls the plug and empties the tub, leaving the mildly doped-up blonde
  sitting there.  
"Well now you're all clean on the outside&hellip; It's time to get to work
  on the inside&hellip;" the depraved brunette tells her brightly. What does
  she mean? Hanging on one of those wheeled poles they use in hospitals to hold
  IV solutions are two enema bags, one red and one black, both filled to the
  brim with steaming hot douche solution. So this is what Fiona was doing before.
  Hanging from the ends of the hoses are two unusually large nozzles, also black
  and red, resembling longish flexible plastic dildoes about an inch in diameter
  with rows of holes punched out in circles around them every half inch or so.
  Each of them is about a foot long. "Let's do the front first&hellip;" says
  her raven-haired captor, wheeling the pole over to the tub, a tube of jelly
  in her hand. "No Mistress, please&hellip; I really don't need to&hellip; Please
  Mistress Fiona really I'm fine&hellip; Please no&hellip;" Alison babbles, ever
  mindful of the little whip still hanging from her roommate's belt. "Now Alison,
  don't be difficult&hellip; I could always call Tony. I'm sure he'd be happy
  to help&hellip;" That's the last thing the naked blonde wants. She shuts up.  
Pushing her cowed prisoner down on her back in the tub, Fiona crisply instructs
  her to spread her legs. To Alison, as she meekly complies, it seems like someone
  is always repeating that command. She closes her eyes and whimpers, not wanting
  to watch as her governess prods her hairless labia open with the lubed tip
  of the red plastic nozzle, pushing it inside her with a steady pressure until
  her widely spread inner lips are wrapped around the hilt. It's long enough
  to bump up against the back wall of her vagina. Fiona releases the clip on
  the hose and the captive receptionist's nookie is immediately flooded with
  very warm douche solution, making her flush. The stuff fills her up and trickles
  out of her past the flanged hilt of the nozzle, running down the drain. The
  kinky brunette does her job thoroughly, working the thick red nozzle around
  inside until the big red rubber bag hanging over them is drained. The whole
  process takes about two minutes. "So far, so good&hellip;" says Fiona. "Now
  for the fun part&hellip;"  
The sultry dominatrix gets the increasingly anxious Alison up on her hands
  and knees in the tub, fastening her collar to a convenient ring mounted in
  the wall, then clipping her hands to the collar. All of Alison's weight is
  now on her knees and elbows, her head down and her ass up. Taking some more
  jelly on a rubber-gloved forefinger, she stuffs it up her roommate's helplessly
  trembling rectum, squishing it around inside. Then she smears some more jelly
  on the foot-long flexible black plastic nozzle that hangs from the other bag.
  With a quick flick of her wrist she shoves a couple of inches of it up her
  fettered captive's startled sphincter and into her quivering colon. Alison
  bites her lip to keep from crying out as her bizarrely-clad keeper slowly screws
  inch after inch of the thing up her backside. Because it is so smooth and flexible
  it penetrates her easily despite its thickness. Finally, all twelve inches
  of it are firmly lodged within her, her pinkish-grey asshole stretched around
  its base. "Now Alison, I want you to hold this&hellip;" her mistress instructs
  her. "If you spill even one drop before I tell you to release it, we'll just
  have to do the whole thing over again until you get it right, but I'll take
  my quirt to you first&hellip; Understand?" The buggered blonde whimpers her
  assent.  
Fiona opens the clamp on the black rubber hose connecting the nozzle to the
  bag and steaming enema solution starts flowing into Alison. Sweat breaks out
  on the bound girl's forehead as the hot liquid fills her colon. She struggles
  to keep her anus gripping tightly around the base of the nozzle, not letting
  anything escape. With nowhere else to go, the stuff seeps deeper and deeper
  into her bowels, making her belly bloat and giving her cramps. Time seems to
  go on forever as the whole two quarts of steaming fluid empty into the helpless
  blonde's aching ass guts. She feels like she is going to explode in a torrent
  of filthy shit-water. Finally, the black rubber bag hangs empty and collapsed
  over their heads. Alison is groaning incoherently. "Remember what I said, sweetie&hellip; not
  one drop&hellip;" warns Fiona as she slowly withdraws the thick black nozzle.  
Imagine the trussed-up cutie's surprise and dismay when her sadistic governess
  shoves a two-inch thick black rubber butt plug back up her straining ass hole.
  The thing is narrow at the tip, widening out in the center and then narrowing
  again before it flares out at the base, designed so that the natural clenching
  action of her sphincter will keep it securely in place. As a matter of fact,
  once Fiona stuffs it in there there's no way she can push it out on her own.
  The brunette then unfastens her roommate from the ring on the wall at the foot
  of the tub and, leaving her hands manacled to her collar pulls the young girl
  by the leash up out of the tub and over toward the toilet. "I bet you'd really
  like to go to the bathroom now, wouldn't you, Alison?" The tortured girl can
  barely move, gasping&hellip; "Please&hellip; please&hellip; please&hellip;" Fiona
  sits down on the commode, pushing the plugged blonde down onto her knees in
  front of her. She opens the snaps at the crotch of her catsuit, baring her
  trim black haired muff. "Suck my cunt until I come, you sniveling little slut&hellip; Do
  a good job or I'll take my whip to your hairless little pussy. Get your nose
  in there and lick it, bitch&hellip;!"  
With tears running down her face from the agonizing cramps convulsing her,
  the humiliated receptionist buries her face in her former friend's gamey-smelling
  twat. Unlike Alison, Fiona has not bathed this morning, deliberately planning
  for this moment. The innocent-looking blonde's delicate nostrils wrinkle in
  disgust at the strong fishy smell of unwashed cunt. Nevertheless, she sets
  about her task energetically, impelled by the pressure within her, slurping
  and teasing her depraved guardian's clit with the tip of her pointy pink tongue.
  A smile of sluttish satisfaction spreads over Fiona's face as she bucks her
  hips up and down. "You've got a talented tongue, cutie&hellip; We'll have to
  do this more often. Maybe every day&hellip;" Alison laps and sucks feverishly,
  desperate for release. Fiona lets her head drop back, grabbing her captive
  by the ears and forcing her face hard into her widespread crotch, grunting
  with sadistic pleasure. Finally, her orgasm overtakes her, her fat pussy lips
  clamping down around the suffering slave-girl's tongue as she quivers and shakes,
  farting in Alison's tear streaked face, which is smeared with her secretions. "That's
  a good girl&hellip; I'll make a lesbian of you yet."  
Eventually, the dark-haired woman gets up and makes room for her plugged-up
  prisoner on the toilet. Ominous gurglings and rumble inside her as Fiona reaches
  down and pulls the black butt-stopper out with a pop. Immediately, a great
  rushing gush of filthy-smelling liquidy shit and water explodes from the mortified
  blonde into the bowl as she hunches over, gasping in relief. On and on it squirts
  and spurts out of her, filling the room with the scent of her inner bowels,
  finally leaving her drained, pale and exhausted, shamed beyond belief. "That's
  what you call a punishment enema, honey. Don't blame me&hellip; the boss insisted
  I put it on the schedule." Alison is too weak to care as her sprays some air
  freshener around the room, wipes the pussy juice from the blonde's face with
  a soapy washcloth, then helps her up and washes off her splattered behind,
  leading the submissive receptionist back toward her bedroom by her collar and
  allowing her to collapse on the bed. "You rest for a while, cookie&hellip;" sez
  Fiona, fastening the girl's wrists to the chain still attached to the bed. "I'll
  fix you a little pick-me-up. Then we'll get you dressed."  
It is now around ten in the morning. After a few minutes, Alison's guardian
  returns to the room bearing her silver tray and hypodermic gear. Meanwhile,
  the bound receptionist has somewhat returned to her senses and regained her
  strength. When she sees her mistress approaching her with a 5cc hypo in her
  hand, she cringes up toward the headboard of the bed. Fiona tries to reassure
  her. "Nothing too extreme, honey&hellip; just a little prick in the behind.
  Of course, I could always call the boys to come and hold you down&hellip;" the
  brunette fingers the red button on the beeper. "Be a good girl and just turn
  over on your tummy for me, will you?"  
The sexy shaved secretary thinks it over for a minute&hellip; with her hands
  fettered to the bed like this, she can't put up much of a struggle. "I don't
  hear you, Alison&hellip;" snaps Fiona impatiently&hellip; "Do I have to whip
  your pussy?" "No, mistress&hellip; yes, mistress&hellip; I mean no mistress&hellip;" stammers
  the helpless blonde as she stretches out on her belly. Alison feels a cold
  swab on her softly trembling white buttock, then the jab of the needle and
  a slightly painful pressure as Fiona empties the syringe deep in her glutes.
  The familiar tingling warmth is soon spreading through her bloodstream again,
  up her spine to her brain making her feel sort of sleepily excited, docile
  and yet eager. Unconsciously she rubs her thighs together as she turns back
  over on the bed, awakening pleasant sensations in her stiffening little clit.
  This effect is not lost on Fiona, who puts aside the depleted hypo and reaches
  down with her rubber-gloved hand to toy with her captive's pink and hairless
  slit. "There&hellip; that's not so bad, is it?" "No, Mistress&hellip;" says
  Alison quietly through open and trembling lips, her eyes getting a misty and
  submissive look as her girlish little pussy starts moistening itself. The feel
  of the black rubber fingers on her smoothly-shaved mound is kind of weirdly
  exciting. She has totally forgotten about her half-baked plan to escape.  
"Well, enough of this fooling around&hellip; we have a schedule to keep&hellip;" says
  the black-clad bitch, removing her hand from between the blonde's legs. We've
  got company coming for lunch and you've got to get dressed. I think pink today&hellip; you'll
  look pretty in pink. He likes them sweet and innocent&hellip;" Alison pouts
  in disappointment as her governess gets up from the bed, holding her by her
  manacled wrists. Those fingers were just starting to feel really good down
  there. Fiona leads her by the leash back to the doorway where once again her
  hands are fastened to the hook over her head, stretching her body taught beneath
  them so that her feet just barely reach the floor. She is still naked except
  for the towel wrapped around her hair and the air-conditioned atmosphere in
  the apartment is cool on her bare skin as she shivers slightly, getting goosebumps.
  Fiona goes to a tall dresser standing in the corner and pulls open some drawers,
  returning with a pair of sheer lacy-topped pale pink stockings and a new corset
  of pink and white floral patterned satin brocade. Alison's wardrobe has been
  completely restocked with a wide selection of such items. High heeled white
  slingbacks with built-in D rings on the ankle straps complete the ensemble.
  As her dark-haired keeper kneels in front of her to pull the shimmering extra-long
  stockings up to the tops of her thighs, the suspended blonde feels an anxious
  flutter in her belly&hellip;  
Who is the He that's coming to lunch, that likes them so sweet and innocent?
  Does Fiona mean Slate&hellip; or someone else? What role will she be expected
  to play? What will he want from her&hellip; demand of her? Fiona stands up
  and wraps the corset around her, fastening the little hook-and-eye clasps in
  the front. Unlike the black number she wore yesterday, this corset has full
  bra cups and shoulder straps set off in white lace. Little circles of white
  lace also surround the cut-outs in the front of the cups where Alison's bright
  pink nipples jut through invitingly, and a fringe of white lace lines the bottom
  where it presses into her belly. The corset is cut higher in the back, leaving
  the lovely blonde's buttocks almost completely exposed, the white laces hanging
  down loosely between them in the back. The single red stripe left by her mistress'
  whip stands out starkly against their ivory whiteness. Fiona gets her captive
  into her five-inch heels, buckling the ankle straps as tightly as she can,
  then fastening them together with a short length of chain and a couple of clips.
  The shoes pinch the girl's toes tightly and the effort of balancing in them
  lends a certain muscle tone to her shapely legs and rear.  
Circling around behind her, the sultry brunette gathers up the laces of the
  corset and begins to pull, forcing Alison's belly in and her chest up. If anything,
  this corset is even more restrictive than the one she had worn yesterday, with
  the potential to be drawn as tight as sixteen inches. Just because it is fabric
  instead of leather doesn't mean there's any more give in it. The dozen or more
  metal stays imbedded in the material help it retain its shape, molding and
  constricting the girl inside inexorable as Fiona works down the laces from
  the top, drawing the edges to within an inch of each other, finally tying them
  in a double knot at the small of the gasping  
Alison's back. That's good enough for today&hellip; she doesn't want to injure
  the girl. With a day or two of practice she will soon be able to make them
  meet. Poor  
Alison feels as though she is being squeezed in a giant fist, like maybe
  King Kong had got ahold of her around the waist. The blood pounds in the temples
  and down below where the corset ends as she is forced to take quick shallow
  breaths, her nipples fairly bursting through the little cutouts in the bra
  cups and bobbing up and down with the heaving of her bosom. Fiona lets her
  hang there for a minute, supporting some of her weight from her manacled wrists,
  as the severely corseted blonde's internal organs are forced to shift around
  and her body gradually remolds itself into the shape imposed upon it.  
"That corset looks terrific on you, honey&hellip; I'm sure our guest will
  be pleased&hellip; and it does wonders for your posture." Finally, when it
  seems Alison is breathing a little more normally, the raven-haired vixen releases
  her fettered hands from the doorway above her head and leads her back to her
  white fur-covered vanity bench, the chain between her ankles jingling as she
  walks, sitting her down before the mirror. The sweetly-shaven little secretary
  is forced to sit up very very straight, the fur of the bench tickling her inner
  thighs. Although the constriction of the corset is not so severe as to be really
  painful, nevertheless it very much limits the blonde's freedom of movement,
  making her feel more than ever restricted and controlled. There is something
  in  
Alison's feminine psyche that responds to this receptively, even pleasurably,
  once the initial discomfort has abated. Certainly the garment exaggerates her
  femaleness&hellip; the fullness of her bust, the slimness of her waist, the
  roundness of her hips and buttocks&hellip; and tends to concentrate her attention
  on those parts of her body which are left free, namely her tightening nipples
  that thrust provocatively through the holes in the lacy cups as if begging
  for attention and her nakedly attentive loins pressed against the fake fur
  beneath her. Her hands wiggle and twist anxiously in their cuffs. Once again
  Alison's body is betraying her, readying itself for penetration even as she
  struggles to recall her determination to escape. Already she feels as if she
  can barely remember the person she once was&hellip; cool, controlled and elusive.  
"Did you know that I studied to be a beautician before I wound up working
  for Mr. Slate?" Fiona's question breaks into the fettered girl's reverie. "No,
  Mistress Fiona&hellip;" she answers meekly. "It will be a pleasure to have
  such a lovely face to work with&hellip;" sez the kinky brunette, bending over
  the make-up table and selecting the items she will need. First, she applies
  a very pale foundation, accentuating the whiteness of her bound rooommate's
  skin, giving it a good coat of powder on top to smooth it and make it set.
  Then she brushes two circles of pinkish blush onto her prisoner's smooth cheeks,
  not so much to bring out her already well-defined cheekbones as to create an
  almost doll-like effect. She darkens and shapes the girl's slender tapering
  brows with an eyebrow pencil.  
Alison closes her eyes as her caretaker dabs on eyeshadow heavily, fading
  from pinkish purple at the inside of her lids to a medium darkish hue at the
  outside, making the blonde's bright blue eyes seem even bigger. She brushes
  on a thin line of liquid eyeliner above and below and out at the corners, further
  accentuating the doe-like effect. A couple coats of mascara transform the girl's
  eyelashes into a couple of fluttering butterflies. All she needs now is lipstick.
  Fiona takes a pink-magenta pencil and carefully outlines the shape of the docile
  slave's pouting lips, accentuating their fullness, and then paints in the shape
  she has outlined with a shiny dark pink lipstick of the type that dries quickly
  and will not wear off. Then she gives her an overcoat of gloss, blotting it
  with a tissue. The total effect is striking, if a bit over the top for normal
  daytime wear. But of course this is not a normal day, or at least it doesn't
  seem quite normal yet to Alison, although it seems like it soon would be.  
Her blackly-suited mistress then takes out a blow drier and brush and goes
  to work on her captive's long ash-blonde tresses, removing the towel turban
  and using plenty of hairspray to fluff it up on top, pouffing up her bangs.
  Big hair, that's what the guys go for. When this is done, the dark-eyed brunette
  gathers a handful from the back of Alison's head into a topknot-ponytail, which
  she clips in place with a rather large and slightly silly-looking pink hair
  bow. The tightly-corseted blonde now looks almost like a caricature of the
  innocent helpless victim from some old Dudly Do-Right movie, the girl that
  the hero has to keep rescuing all the time. Only there's no hero in this movie
  to save her. Fiona steps back, admiring her handiwork. "Just a few accessories
  and you'll be done."  
First the earrings&hellip; she rummages around in a jewelry box with several
  drawers. She selects a pair of long dangling pearl and silver ones, looking
  almost like miniature chandeliers. They are heavy, and hang down almost to
  the bound girl's shoulders. Then Fiona removes the two studs are still in place
  above them on each of the blonde's shell-like ears, replacing them with smaller
  versions of the same pearly design, each a little shorter than the last. They
  clink together like little chimes every time Alison moves her head, and she
  is very conscious of the weight of all this hardware hanging from her earlobes.
  Fiona reminds her still shackled roommate that Slate had promised to have her
  pierced, and this seems like a good time to start.  
Taking one of those CO2-powered earring guns that they use in jewelry stores,
  the brunette punches two new pearl studs through the cartilage higher up along
  the edge of her roommate's translucent ear. Alison now has five holes in a
  neat row running up to just below the middle of her ears, which have never
  felt so stuffed with metal. "You will wear these as yet another sign of your
  submission&hellip;" her mistress instructs her. Tomorrow she will get two more,
  and two more the day after that until the entire circumference of her ear has
  been encircled with piercings. The fresh punctures burn and throb slightly,
  making the dolled-up blonde squirm ineffectually in her bonds, rattling the
  chains that hold her. Her outrageously displayed nipples and her still-tender
  clitoris seem to throb and harden in sympathy, suddenly remembering the long
  sharp needles driven into and through them.  
Fiona gets Alison up from the vanity table and leads her by the leash back
  to the doorway, refastening her wrists to the hook over her head. Using a crystal
  atomizer with one of those rubber bulbs on the end she sprays the girl liberally
  with the musky floral perfume they had used yesterday, filling the atmosphere
  with the scent of delicate spring flowers mixed with cunt in heat. She perfumes
  the suspended secretary all over, finally kicking her legs apart to spray the
  stinging stuff up between her legs onto her shaved mound and into her asscrack.
  It burns as it dries, and Alison anxiously shifts her weight form foot to foot. "You
  know, that black collar and cuffs just don't match&hellip;" comments the dark-eyed
  dominatrix. "Let me find you something more appropriate&hellip;"  
She goes and digs around in the trunk filled with bondage gear, returning
  with a pair of pink fingerless gloves trimmed in white lace, of the type that
  comes to a V over the top of the hand, and what appear to be a couple of wide
  faux-pearl bracelets and a choker of the same design. Unlike department store
  costume jewelry, however, these have a solid steel band underneath the pearl
  beading that locks, and a couple of conveniently mounted D rings. The metal
  is wrapped in thick white satin, padded on the inside, and the rings are painted
  white to blend in. These items are about an inch and a half wide, with the
  collar having a little cameo broach in the front, which upon closer inspection
  turns out to have a design of crossed whips upon it.  
Removing the black leather collar from around Alison's slender throat, Fiona
  fastens the pearl one in its place, locking it securely. The perverse brunette
  then releases her captive's hands one at a time from the cuffs over her head,
  keeping the other hand manacled to the doorframe as she pulls the gloves up
  over the girl's forearms and snaps the matching wristbands in place, refastening
  one hand before she does the other. Alison is now outfitted entirely in pink
  and white, with just a few gleams of silver glinting from her earrings and
  the chain between her ankles. "Just hang out here a minute&hellip;" Fiona suggests
  sardonically as she turns back to the trunk&hellip; "There's just one or two
  more things I need to get." In fact, the beautiful blonde can do little else,
  anxiously twisting around in the steely grip of her pearly handcuffs.  
A moment later, the dark-haired dominant returns, bearing in her hands a
  wide white patent leather bondage belt, studded with rings and buckles, and
  with an inch-wide strap hanging down in front to which are affixed two closely-set
  white plastic plugs about nine inches long and an inch and a half thick, shining
  with lubricant. In her other hand she holds a pair of silver screw-clips, adorned
  with pearls and connected with a foot long length of chain. Alison beholds
  these objects with dread. "Which one do you want first?" her captor inquires
  ironically. The frightened girl can't answer. "No&hellip; Please Mistress&hellip; no&hellip; no&hellip; no&hellip;" Fiona
  ignores this meaningless outburst and sets about fastening the thick white
  belt around her prisoner's tightly constricted waist, cinching the buckles
  securely. She then takes the strap which hangs down in front and brings it
  up between the whimpering blonde's legs, carefully inserting the twin plugs
  into her smoothly-shaved honeypot and twitching pink rectum. When she's got
  them screwed in there as far as they will go, the kinky brunette brings the
  strap up between the cheeks of Alison's well-formed ass, pulling it up tight
  to a buckle at the back of the belt right in the middle of her back. The narrow
  white strap is now pressed closely into the flesh of the manacled doll's most
  tender parts, bisecting her crotch in the front and back, holding the twin
  dildos firmly in place inside her.  
The doubly-penetrated blonde shakes her hips in frustration, a fat tear of
  humiliation dripping from the corner of her eye. This just causes her defiantly
  erect and tinglingly sore clit to rub excitingly against the strap pressing
  down on it&hellip; Alison moans, her bright pink bow of a mouth open to reveal
  a couple of pearly white teeth, her lips trembling. "Don't worry, honey&hellip; you'll
  get used to it&hellip;" says Fiona. "The boss used to make me walk around the
  office like that all day, underneath my clothes. After a while I couldn't stop
  coming&hellip; it was embarrassing&hellip;" Indeed Alison is unable to keep
  her body from responding, her moist insides clenching rhythmically around the
  twin intruders as her clit throbs at constant attention. "Oh my goodness&hellip; it's
  almost noon. Our guest will be here any minute. There's just one more thing&hellip;" says
  her captor brightly.  
The black-clad bitch brings up the silver and pearl screw-clips with the
  little connecting chain. "Accessories make the look, dear&hellip;" Fiona comments
  teasingly as she fastens first one and then the other of the devices to the
  suspended slave-girl's temptingly exposed and fearfully erect nipples, screwing
  them on just tightly enough to bite a little, letting the little silver chain
  between them hang. There's no way the girl will be able to shake or rub them
  off. "Tight enough for you, dearie?" Fiona inquires, giving the chain a little
  tug. The captive blonde gives a yelp&hellip; "Yes, Mistress Fiona&hellip;" she
  realizes how easily she can now be controlled or led by anyone pulling on that
  little silver chain. "Don't forget I can always make them tighter&hellip;" says
  the sultry dom&hellip; "Remember that you are absolutely forbidden to touch
  them. You'll regret it if you do&hellip;" Not that Alison will have much opportunity,
  as to her dismay Fiona takes her cuffed hands and refastens them behind her
  back.  
Alison's tender pink buds will now remain throbbingly at attention. The girl
  has never felt more achingly aware of her female sexuality, with her nipples,
  pussy and anus controlled and dominated by the instruments she is obliged to
  wear. Still, enough of the drugs her mistress injected into her earlier are
  running through her bloodstream to keep her in a dreamily compliant state of
  mind, a warm gushy feeling gathering in her hips and backside&hellip; She feels
  the two dildoes locked within her moving around when she walks, forced to take
  little mincing steps as Fiona finally releases her handcuffs from the doorframe
  above her head and leads her out into the living room, sitting her down on
  the couch. Just then the doorbell rings. Alison's date is here.  

CHAPTER FOUR 
Fiona gets up to answer the door as Alison sits there squirming uneasily
  on the couch, very much tempted to try to get up and run away but knowing that
  there is really nowhere in the apartment for her to hide. The idea of being
  costumed, cuffed and plugged as she is in front of some strange man suddenly
  makes her feel terribly self-conscious and fills her with anxiety. Her mistress
  returns to the room leading a kind of grizzled middle-aged biker type with
  sunken cheeks and a two day's growth of stubble. He is skinny but muscular.
  His greasy black hair is tied back in a pony tail and he wears old, faded and
  stained black jeans, a white tee shirt with a black leather vest over it, and
  engineer boots. On his hands he wears black leather gloves with the fingers
  cut off, and he carries a black doctor's bag. He wears a droopy black moustache
  and goatee and his bare hairy arms are covered with tattoos, as well as what
  we can see of his chest. He's got swastikas, snakes, skulls and demons all
  over him. From his earlobe dangles a large gold earring, and the vest is decorated
  with various bits of biker jewelry and nazi regalia. He chain smokes Lucky
  Strikes and his teeth are crooked, yellow and stained. Obviously this man has
  never been to an orthodontist in his life.  
"Alison I'd like you to meet Spider&hellip;" says Fiona. Spider grins down
  at her wolfishly. "Hiya, kid&hellip;" he says, putting down his bag. The clipped
  and corseted girl stares down at her feet, trying to avoid his gaze. "Alison,
  that's no way to greet out guest&hellip;" says her wardress reprovingly. "Stand
  up so he can get a look at you. I think she's feeling a little shy&hellip;" the
  brunette explains as her captive unwillingly complies, slowly getting to her
  feet and standing there with her eyes downcast. "But isn't she a knockout?
  She's our latest little trainee. Turn around for us, honey&hellip;" Alison
  awkwardly does a pirouette, the chain between her ankles jingling as she steps,
  very much aware of his glittering black eyes upon her taking in the bright
  pink stripe decorating her exposed rear, the white strap bisecting her shaved
  and naked crotch, her throbbingly sensitive nipples with the little chain dangling
  between them. "Say hello, Alison&hellip;" her mistress commands. "Uhh&hellip; Hello,
  Mister Spider&hellip;" the bound girl stammers, unsure of how to address him. "You
  can just call him Sir&hellip;" Fiona corrects her. "Spider is a tattoo artist
  who sometimes does some work for us&hellip; he also does body piercing." Alison's
  blood runs cold. Slate had promised to have her pierced. Is this what he meant?
  What is he carrying in that little black bag? She stands there uneasily shifting
  her weight from one foot to the other, her hands twisting behind her.  
"Yeah she's a cutie, all right&hellip;" Spider grins&hellip; "Smells good,
  too&hellip;" His nostrils widen at the scent of floral bouquet and cunt honey
  that wafts from the embarrassed blonde. "So you're Slate's latest acquisition,
  huh? He sure knows how to pick 'em!" She says nothing. "Answer when you're
  spoken to&hellip;" Fiona demands, her hand already on her quirt. "Yes&hellip; Yes
  Sir&hellip; I guess so, Sir&hellip;" the cowed slave girl replies. "Yes, she's
  really quite lovely&hellip;" says the kinky brunette, "&hellip;And quite a
  performer, too! Would you like to see some tapes we made of her in action while
  she serves us lunch?" The greasy tattoo artist agrees that this would be most
  amusing, settling down on the couch and puffing on his smoke. Fiona goes over
  to the big-screen plasma  
TV entertainment center and pops a tape into the machine, flicking on the
  remote. Immediately, the screen is filled with the close-up image of Alison's
  tear-streaked face eagerly sucking on Leroy's big black Johnson and wet slurping
  noises fill the room. The shackled young woman's face turns bright red with
  mortification. "And look&hellip; she can still blush, too&hellip;" points out
  Fiona with amusement. "Now don't you move&hellip;" She unclips Alison's hands
  from behind her back and refastens them in front of her. "Go get our guest
  a beer and an ashtray&hellip;" she orders her shamed captive, "And pour me
  a glass of wine. After that you can serve us our food. You'll find everything
  prepared in the kitchen."  
Alison minces off to the kitchen as best she can, hobbled by the short chain
  between her ankles and feeling the plugs moving inside her with each step,
  the screw clips on her nipples giving her little twinges every time she moves.
  It's so tempting to try to remove them, but she knows Fiona is just waiting
  for her to make such a move. She can feel Spider's eyes on her wiggling white
  behind as she walks away and he briefly turns his eyes from the action on the
  screen. Standing there in the kitchen, putting their drinks on a tray, she
  hears herself moaning and cooing as the evil black stud pounds her&hellip; hears
  herself begging him to fuck her harder and faster with his big black dick.
  By the time she returns to the living room and sets the tray down on the coffee
  table, Leroy is giving it to her hard up the ass, her belt-lashed buns bouncing
  as she whimpers and grovels before him, obviously loving it and hating it at
  the same time. Spider's gaze is locked on the sight of her defenseless rectum
  being speared, her pinkish anal membranes being stretched and pushed and pulled
  and squelching around his cock in graphic detail. The degenerate tattoo freak's
  cigarette has burned down to a butt unnoticed in his hand, a two-inch ash about
  to  
fall into his lap. He stares at the screen, the crotch of his jeans bulging
  with an erection which threatens to burst out of his pants. "So you like big
  black dick, do you, cupcake?" he asks her. "No sir&hellip; I mean yes, sir&hellip; I
  mean&hellip;" Alison doesn't know what to say. For some reason this seems to
  piss him off. "You dirty fuckin' slut&hellip; you worthless whore&hellip; you
  cocksucking bitch&hellip;" he curses her out. It seems the white-trash biker
  is a bit of a racist&hellip; doesn't approve of blacks and whites getting together,
  as it were. "Now calm down, Spider&hellip;" Fiona admonishes him lightly. "You
  can punish her later if you like. For now let's all just sit down and eat our
  lunch." Spider picks up his beer and chugs it, squashing the can angrily in
  his hand when he is done.  
Alison returns to the kitchen for their food&hellip; a hero sandwich and
  another beer for their guest, a couple of salads and some sparkling water for
  the girls. She carries it back and sets it down before them. Fiona motions
  the girl to sit down on the couch, next to Spider. His dark eyes glare at her
  with a mixture of hostility, lust and contempt. She perches on the very edge
  of the couch uncomfortably, trying her best to nibble on the rabbit-food in
  front of her. As tightly corseted as she is, it's difficult to swallow anything,
  never mind the distractions of the plugs and nipple clips. On the TV the scene
  has changed to the following day as Slate and Fiona are now working her over,
  shaving her pussy and lacing her into the black corset, tying her to the bed
  and forcing the twelve-inch black rubber butt plug up her ass. A sick feeling
  of dread coils in her stomach as she sees Slate with the hypodermic in his
  hand approaching her wide-spread and hairless slit, slipping the two inch needle
  into her and depressing the plunger on the syringe, spearing her clit and probing
  deeper and deeper inside her. Spider leans forward beside her with an expression
  of fierce concentration on his face, the sandwich half-eaten and forgotten
  in front of him. Evidently he enjoys this sort of thing.  
Alison sits in uncomfortable silence, trying not to notice the bulging erection
  in his dirty jeans. "Have we all finished eating&hellip;?" asks Fiona. "Then
  perhaps it's time for dessert. Alison's been such a good girl, she deserves
  a treat. Have you got something for her, Spider?" she asks teasingly. "Yeah
  I'll give her a treat all right&hellip;" says the greasy-looking degenerate.
  Fiona pulls the coffee table back and out of the way. "Get down on your knees&hellip;" she
  commands the frightened and humiliated blonde. "Yes, Mistress Fiona&hellip;" replies
  the servile young girl, ever mindful of the whip at her mistress' belt. As
  Alison kneels before the creepy biker, her mistress unclips her wrists and
  refastens them behind her back. Spider stands up and pulls down his jeans,
  revealing his long crooked crank. He's not wearing any underwear and the bound
  girl can see that he's got tattoos everywhere, even on the head of his dick.
  On the screen a closeup appears of the thick needles that Slate had thrust
  through her heaving tits, pulling back to reveal her face twisted in a mixture
  of suffering and desire. "Come and get it, cuntface&hellip;" sez Spider, thrusting
  his twisted veiny pecker up to the blonde's full and luscious pink lips and
  grabbing her by the ears. "Go ahead&hellip; suck him&hellip;" commands Fiona&hellip; "And
  make it snappy!"  
Alison allows her mouth to open. Immediately he rams the full length of his
  tattooed and pulsating pecker into the back of her throat until her dainty
  nose is mashed up against his sweaty unwashed pubic hair and his balls are
  bumping off her chin. With her arms pinned behind her like this there's no
  way she can stop him from fucking her face like it was a pussy, which is exactly
  what he does. "URK&hellip; URK&hellip; URK&hellip; " she chokes as he mercilessly
  pounds it in and out of her, making the tears run down her cheeks. "Yeah&hellip; a
  face that's wet with tears is the best for fuckin'&hellip;" he gloats. "Suck
  my dick, you nigger-lovin' whore&hellip; SUCK IT&hellip;!" Spider watches the
  TV behind her intently as Slate forces her to confess how she loves big dicks
  up her ass, fucking her there until she screams in ecstasy and submission.
  She feels him throbbing in her mouth, getting ready to shoot, her tongue involuntarily
  tickling the bottom of his shaft. Something hot, vile and sticky splashes against
  the back of her throat as he forces her face hard against his belly, holding
  it there. "You swallow every fuckin' drop, you dirty little fuckin' slut&hellip;" he
  demands. And she does, gulping slavishly on his slimy unit. Down it goes into
  her belly, making her feel faintly nauseated. Finally he pulls out of her,
  wiping his cockhead on her face as she kneels before him gasping. "Now thank
  him for the yummy treat&hellip;" Fiona orders her. "Thank you sir&hellip;" she
  chokes, "Thank you for the yummy treat&hellip;" "That's a good girl&hellip;" he
  says, patting her on the head like a dog.  
"You should get a lot of money for those tapes&hellip;" comments Spider. "Yes,
  soon they'll be in X-rated movie stores all over the country, although some
  of them might have to be sold under the table&hellip;" Fiona observes. "Our
  little Alison is going to be a big star&hellip; All she needs now is one of
  those fake names, like Vixxxen or Trashi or Viper&hellip;" "Howzabout Wanda
  Wetpussy&hellip;?" suggests Spider, laughing crudely. "Well, I dunno&hellip; Get
  up Alison&hellip; you can clear the table now&hellip;" replies the brunette,
  unfastening Alison's hands from behind her back and clipping them together
  again in front of her. The bound blonde's ears burn as she walks back to the
  kitchen, putting the dirty dishes in the dishwasher. She takes a sip of sparkling
  water, trying to wash the foul taste out of her mouth. Slate is going to sell
  these tapes? They are going to be distributed all over the country&hellip; the
  world? She knows that her life as she has known it is ruined. No decent person
  will ever want to associate with her again. She'll be branded forever as some
  kind of dirty lowlife whore&hellip; an object only of lust and ridicule, condemned
  forever to some kind of netherworld of creeps and perverts. The thought fills
  her with despair.  
Dejectedly she walks back to the living room as the TV blares on, showing
  Alison getting her punishment enema, then down on her knees in front of the
  toilet licking he roommate's smelly twat. Fiona is sitting back in the armchair
  with a calculating look on her face. "Gee, Alison&hellip; You look a little
  down&hellip;" she says ironically. "Let's go back to your room." She rises
  and grabs the wretched girl by her nipple chain, leading her through the door
  to the bedroom. Spider goes to the kitchen to get himself another beer before
  following them, picking up his little black bag along the way. He goes into
  Alison's girlish bedroom all hung with lacy curtains and stuff and sits himself
  down on the straight-backed chair near the bed as Fiona leads her luscious
  prisoner back to the four-poster and pushes her down on her back, fastening
  her cuffed hands to the hook above her head. On the wall above the bed there
  now hangs a sort of plaque with a selection of whips, paddles, crops and straps
  hanging from it. It makes an interesting contrast with the frou frou that decorates
  the rest of the room.  
"I don't know about you, but I could use a little pick-me-up" the sultry
  wardress says dulcetly. "Excuse me for a moment while I fix us something&hellip;" Fiona
  returns with her silver tray, filling a number of syringes and laying them
  out there. Alison lies there helplessly watching as her roommate sits back
  in the armchair, unzipping the crotch of her black catsuit to expose her neatly-trimmed
  black muff. Spider helps her find a vein in her fat pussylip and bang some
  shit in there. Fiona sighs in satisfaction. The creepy-looking biker then ties
  himself off with his belt and adds another to the long line of tracks up his
  arm. "Now this is what I call a party&hellip;" he says with an evil grin, exposing
  his crooked yellow teeth.  
Alison still wants nothing to do with needles, but there's not much she can
  do about it. In point of fact, she can barely move. Fiona sits down on the
  edge of the bed, removing the screw clamps from the bound girl's tits and tossing
  them aside. Her nipples are red and swollen, throbbing painfully. "Trust me,
  cupcake&hellip; you're gonna need this&hellip;" her sadistic wardress says
  as she squeezes the air out of the first syringe, sending a squirt of fluid
  up into the air. Spider sits there idly jerking on his long crooked erection,
  which he has pulled out of his dirty greasy jeans. In truth the warm narcotic
  glow Alison had been feeling earlier has largely faded, and she is starting
  to feel jumpy and irritable, her mood despondent. Nevertheless, when Fiona
  brings the hypodermic up to her flagrantly displayed nipples, she shrieks and
  starts to struggle, hysterically thrashing around in her bondage and kicking
  her legs. "Now, Alison&hellip; this won't do&hellip; you're going to hurt yourself
  if you keep thrashing around like that&hellip; You've got to hold completely
  still&hellip;" The evil bitch puts down the hypo momentarily, her hand going
  to the quirt at her belt. "Maybe you need another lesson in discipline&hellip; Spider,
  give me a hand for a minute&hellip;"  
Grasping the still-struggling girl by the hips and flipping her over on her
  belly, the dark-haired dominant grabs her by the strap running up between her
  ass cheeks, stepping her foot on the chain connecting the girl's ankles as
  Spider pushes her face down into the pillow. "NOW&hellip; HOLD&hellip; STILL&hellip; BITCH&hellip;'
  Fiona exclaims, punctuating each word with a lash of the whip, laying into
  her girlish asscheeks with all of her strength. WHACK! WHACK WHACK WHACK! At
  the first blow, Alison freezes, a fiery stripe of pain burning across her luscious
  ivory butt, instantly bringing tears to her eyes. As the blows continue soon
  she is crying helplessly, sobbing and wincing with each lash. The little whip
  is designed to cut sharply, leaving dark red welts that immediately start to
  swell. The bound and plugged girl's behind is a mass of flaming pain. "Now
  look what you made me do&hellip;" says Fiona angrily&hellip; "You've gone and
  ruined your mascara. Have you had enough&hellip;?" "Yes&hellip; Yes, Mistress
  Fiona&hellip;" the punished little sex slave whimpers&hellip; "I'll be good
  I'll be good&hellip; Please don't whip me any more&hellip;"  
"Try to kick me, will you&hellip;" the brunette says, reaching down to clip
  the blonde's ankles tightly together. She then buckles a short leather belt
  tightly around the girl's shaking knees. This forces Alison's legs tightly
  together and causes the strap between her legs to cut more deeply into her
  crotch, making her gasp. Then she and Spider flip the trembling and sniffling
  girl back over on her back and the ugly biker sits back down in the chair,
  after completely removing his jeans, and resumes stroking his nasty bent tattooed
  crank.  
Now that she has her captive completely immobilized, Fiona takes a tissue
  and wipes the tear streaks from her face, then goes back to her silver tray. "Just
  for that, I'm going to double the dose&hellip;" she tells the sniveling whipped
  blonde&hellip; "And with longer needles, too!" She fills a couple of more larger
  syringes, putting heavier gauge two-inch needles all around. Sitting down on
  the bed next to Alison, she holds a hypo in one hand as she mercilessly pinches
  and twists one of Alison's fearfully hardening nipples with the other, making
  the cruppered blonde squawk. Holding the tender pink bud firmly, she pulls
  it up and away from the girl's body, deftly slipping the needle up and into
  it at the base of her aureole, sinking it to the hilt into the bundle of nerves
  behind the tender pink buds. Slowly she squeezes out the solution inside bit
  by bit, pulling back and driving back in again and again to probe higher and
  lower, left and right, seeking out new areas of sensitivity. By the time she
  is finished, the area has swollen slightly and Alison's nipple and whole breast
  are suffused with a billowing warmth that slowly begins to percolate up to
  her head. Her eyes start glazing over and she breathes heavily&hellip; her
  chest heaving.  
Fiona then goes and empties the second syringe in the shackled secretary's
  other tit, repeating the process. By this time, Alison is lying limply in her
  bonds, her eyes closed and her mouth hanging open as the powerful drugs flow
  through her bloodstream, sending messages of languid warmth and hot tingling
  arousal up to her befuddled brain and down to her plugged loins. She squirms
  around in the bondage belt, her cunt and rear contracting around the instruments
  impaling her. She's starting to feel good again&hellip; so good&hellip; Her
  eyelids flutter dreamily as Fiona approaches her again with another hypo, once
  again gripping her swollen and throbbing nipple between her thumb and forefinger.
  She drives the surgically sharp point of the lance directly into the tip of
  her nipple toward the center of her breast. Bit by bit, she works the point
  in deeper and deeper, squeezing out more drugs as she goes, not stopping until
  the little nut at the base of the needle is pressed up hard against the moaning
  girl's bright pink pap.  
Alison's entire being is transfixed right there where the tip of the needle
  is buried, feeling the thickness of the shaft piercing her right through the
  heart of her nipple, her half-numbed flesh clinging to its steely coldness.
  She can think of nothing else, is aware of nothing else, her whole existence
  coming down to this moment in time, the savage intensity of the sensation.
  The dreamy glow and the sparkling excitement spreads through her body, making
  her light-headed. The tightly-trussed sex slave moans in total surrender as
  Fiona pulls the steel out of her and moves again to her other side, starting
  the whole routine again with her right nipple. "UNHHHHH&hellip;" she cries
  as she is penetrated&hellip;. "AAAAAHHH&hellip; she sighs submissively as the
  drugs flow into her, filling her with liquidy heat and scintillating intoxication.
  Her hips are grinding on the bed now, working the plugs inside her, rubbing
  her little joy button against the tight cruppering strap. The degenerate biker
  sitting in the chair beside her bed is pulling furiously at his crooked wienie,
  breathing hard, beads of sweat forming on his forhead.  
Alison's head is lolling around on her neck her eyes unfocused as the massive
  dose of drugs turns her into a totally compliant zombie. Every nerve end in
  her body seems thrillingly responsive from the powerful stimulants injected
  into her, yet there's enough hypnotic in the mix to keep her relaxed and docile,
  lacking the will or energy to resist. All she can do is lie there moaning incoherently.
  She hears voices but they seem to be coming from a million miles away as she
  compulsively grinds her stiff little clit against the strap between her legs
  and clutches spasmodically on the twin plugs that fill her hips. A shudder
  runs through her helplessly overstimulated and tightly bound body as the first
  of many orgasms suddenly washes over her. 'UNH&hellip;UNH&hellip;UNH&hellip;UNNNGHHHHH&hellip;!" She
  bucks her hips wildly for a moment as she comes, subsiding immediately back
  into a slow sinuous writhing within her bonds. "I think she's ready for you
  now, Spider&hellip;" says her black-haired mistress.  
The demonic biker opens his black bag and sets up his tools on the bedside
  table, snapping on a pair of rubber gloves. He swabs the area with some alcohol,
  which burns slightly as it evaporates. Alison squirms uncomfortably as he takes
  a pair of shiny forceps and locks them in place on her swollen and partially
  numbed right nipple. Opening a sterile envelope, he unwraps a steel 12-gauge
  piercing needle about four or five inches long. "Hold still, cuntface&hellip; You
  wouldn't want to spoil my aim&hellip;" Fiona leans in and pins the girl's shoulders
  to the bed, holding her steady. When she feels the coldness of its tip pressing
  against the side of her nipple through the hole in the tip of the forceps,
  the lovely blonde's eyes open wide and a sharp thrill of terror runs through
  her. "Oh God&hellip; Ohgodohgodohgod&hellip;" Alison lets out a sharp shrill
  scream as the sadistic tattoo artist thrusts the surgically-sharp instrument
  directly through one side of her tender pink bud near the base and with a steady
  even and relentless pressure forces it through to the other side. The tender
  pink skin stretches, stretches, and then suddenly the glittering point is poking
  through, opening the hole wider&hellip; wider&hellip;  
The lovely blonde can only watch in helpless terror and fascination as Spider
  works the thing back and forth inside her a couple of times, making sure that
  the hole he has pierced in her will not close up again. "The mistake most amateurs
  make is making the holes too goddam small&hellip;" he comments to Fiona. "If
  you don't make them big enough they're liable to start healing up around the
  rings&hellip;" Leaving the barbaric instrument in place, he then repeats the
  process with another needle on her left side. The beautiful sex slave's bright
  pink nipples are now stretched and distended around the thickness of the lances
  thrust through her. Surprisingly, there is no blood. Although she feels little
  actual pain due to the overall tingling warmth permeating her breasts, Alison
  is so terrified she would probably shit herself if it hadn't been for the enema
  that cleaned her out so thoroughly before.  
As it is, she can only lie there quaking and trying to hold herself very
  very still as Fiona hands her torturer a black velvet box which when opened
  reveals two silver rings, each about an inch in diameter and of the same gauge
  as the needles skewering her helpless tits. These are designed with a little
  gap in them to enable them to inserted in the holes the man has punched. The
  blunt ends of the rings where the gap is have little holes drilled in them
  which are threaded on the inside. Spider screws two little blunt points into
  the holes and smears them with a cauterizing or styptic ointment. Carefully,
  he pulls the thick piercing needles out and quickly threads the rings through
  the holes he has made. He unscrews the two blunt points, replacing them with
  little silver beads which are threaded on both sides, effectively closing the
  rings and locking them in place. They hang there glinting in the light. Unlike
  anything that has been done to her before, these little souvenirs will be permanent.
  Although the rings themselves are in fact removable, needing only to be unscrewed,
  the holes pierced in her nipples will be there forever, now that they've been
  properly cauterized. A wave of helpless sadness washes over Alison, who realizes
  that she has been scarred for life. "Looks good to me&hellip; " says Spider,
  packing up his little bag of tools.  
Fiona bends down over the tightly-trussed girl, examining the rings more
  closely, taking one between her rubber-glove thumb and forefinger and pulling
  it gently. She is rewarded with a sobbing gasp. "Yes, I think they're adorable&hellip; Don't
  you, Alison?" The bound blonde is too terrified to speak. "DON'T YOU, ALISON?!" Fiona
  repeats, tugging harder on the ring. "Yesss&hellip; Yes, Mistress Fiona&hellip;" the
  newly pierced girl hisses quickly. "You realize of course that you are forbidden
  to touch them&hellip;" instructs the dark-haired dominatrix. "You will wear
  them always as a token of your submission, so that even when you are dressed
  normally or in a crowd of people, even when nothing is being required of you,
  you will be constantly reminded by the rings in your flesh that unlike other
  people your body is not your own, that you are in fact enslaved to another.
  It is he that has pierced you, and he who will always be present in the steel
  you wear within you, every moment of every day."  
"Nice speech, Fiona&hellip;" sez Spider, puffing on a Lucky, "But can we
  get that harness off her now? I'll be coming back tomorrow to do her pussy
  and I'd like to take a look at it beforehand. Don't forget to clean the holes
  out with some of this lotion I'm leaving you when you're giving her a bath.
  It will prevent infection and keep 'em from scabbing up on you&hellip;" A sick
  feeling of dread makes a knot in Alison's stomach as they unfasten her ankles
  and knees, retying her feet to the hooks up at the head of the bed and hoisting
  them up, so that her knees are drawn up to her chest and her legs splayed wide
  to expose her pussy and asscrack. Unfastening the many buckles, they remove
  the bondage belt form around her waist, pulling the twin plugs out of her openly
  displayed crotch and tossing them aside. Spider leans down over the bed to
  examine her helplessly spread and smoothly shaved slit and rectum, which gleam
  with lubricant and her own juices, still twitching slightly in response to
  the plugs which have penetrated her for so long. He observes how her inner
  labia hang a good half inch or so below the fold of her outer lips, the unusual
  size and prominence of her still fully erect clit, making the bound girl jerk
  and twist her hands around in her cuffs as he fondles her. He sticks a couple
  of long yellow-stained fingers up her pussy and asshole, meeting little resistance,
  commenting that there's no question about it this one was made for fucking.  
"There should be no problem where to put the rings&hellip;" he says. Alison's
  holes tighten around him in fear, or is it desire, knowing he'll be back again
  tomorrow with his little black bag. Not down there oh please not down there&hellip; For
  a moment she allows herself to wonder exactly where and how many rings he intends
  to install, if that's the right word. Then she realizes that she doesn't want
  to know&hellip; doesn't even want to think about it. Somehow the terror which
  consumes her just makes her stiff little clit just stand up higher as he teases
  and pinches it with his nicotine-stained fingernail as the fingers of his other
  hand squelch in and out of her hot little twat. She is still very very stoned.
  A dizzying rush of hot pleasure and need runs up and down her spine, making
  her whimper and coo for him, her pierced nipples throbbing around the cold
  steel which pierces them as she works her hips against his probing digits.
  Some part of her still can't believe that she is responding like this to the
  sadistic degenerate who not moments before had pierced her so cruelly. She
  must be some kind of sick masochist&hellip; What is wrong with her? She is
  unable to keep herself from moaning with disappointment as he withdraws his
  hands from her.  
These musings are cut short as the grizzled ex-biker fists his log twisted
  and tattooed crank up to her tender pink labia and with one powerful thrust
  slams himself into her womb, banging the plum-colored head off her cervix.
  Alison lets out all her breath in a whoosh as his hard hairy belly slaps against
  her softly shaved one. "Take that, you cocksucking niggerloving whore&hellip; and
  that and that and that and that&hellip;" he curses, pounding her with all the
  force he can muster, trying to hurt her with his weird ugly dick, but succeeding
  only in sending thrilling bolts of delight shooting through the newly-ringed
  sex slave. Her head hangs back, her eyes closed and her mouth open and panting
  as the muscles in her belly flutter and tighten with her gathering orgasm.
  She wants to be fucked now, after all the pain and fear she has endured&hellip; she
  needs to be fucked, deserves and loves to be fucked&hellip;  
He pulls himself out of her gushy hairless pussy and drives hard into her
  upturned and quivering pink rectum, entering her easily after the hours of
  being plugged there. He buggers her furiously, Alison grunting shrilly in time
  with each thrust, her feet bouncing around in the air as her buttocks smack
  wetly against him. UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! she cries, her face twisted
  into a grimace and her bowels spasming beserkly around his rampaging manmeat
  as she comes and comes and comes in her pussy and up her tight little ass&hellip; The
  feeling of her squishy slippery internal membranes massaging and squeezing
  his turgid tool pushes the evil-looking tattoo artist over the edge. Throwing
  his head back and howling like a dog, he spurts his hot slimy semen deep in
  the violated blonde's anal cavity, filling her insides with a soothing warmth.
  He falls off her like a man struck by lightning as the blonde sinks back into
  a dreamy cunty contentment.  
Fiona unties her ankles and lets her stretch her legs out on the bed, rolling
  the still tightly-corseted girl over onto her belly. A trickle of come oozes
  from her well-fucked asshole, which her mistress mops up with a tissue, leaning
  over the half-conscious girl and loosening the laces of her corset to allow
  her to Alison has been forced to endure just made the experience of being brutally
  fucked by a total stranger that much more rewarding, satisfying and exciting
  to her. She realizes that in a strange way she has never felt more contented
  or such a sense of feminine fulfillment. Happiness in slavery&hellip; a strange
  rest for a while and breathe more freely. Somehow all the suffering, the gut-wrenching
  fear and humiliation concept, but one she is beginning to get used to. She
  admits to herself that even if she were to find herself suddenly free, she
  would probably soon find herself seeking out the kind of brutal and dominating
  man who could force her to respond to him in this new and exciting way. Now
  that she knows what really turns her on, there's no going back. Oh well&hellip; Alison
  drifts off into sleepyland, still cuffed to the headboard as Spider gathers
  up his bag and clothes and staggers toward the door, wiping his dick on the
  bedsheet and shakily lighting a smoke. "See you tomorrow&hellip;" he croaks
  at Fiona, who sits in the armchair making herself another fix. It is now about
  three o'clock in the afternoon.  
It is about an hour later when Alison begins to awake from her fucked-out
  stupor, aware once again of the throbbing of her pierced nipples around the
  thick silvery rings. Also she has to urinate. Once again she is forced to call
  out to her roommate and keeper for help. Fiona returns to the room with some
  fresh injections made for Alison on her silver tray. One for each cheek if
  she cooperates, elsewhere if she doesn't. "If you want me to let you up, you've
  got to take your medicine like a good girl&hellip; now roll over on your tummy
  for me&hellip;" Alison shamelessly obeys her, impelled by the urgency in her
  bladder and the throbbing pain of her recently-pierced nipples. At least the
  drugs will provide some relief from the burning rings that distend her, making
  her exquisitely sensitive to the slightest touch or movement. Alison rests
  her weight on her elbows and bound wrists in front of her, not wanting to put
  any pressure on her punctured tits. She feels a jab in her right buttock, a
  familiar feeling of fullness inside and then another quick stab on the other
  side&hellip; a familiar languid warmth spreading through her and a tingling
  excitement that jerks her clit erect. "Now can I go pee&hellip; Please, Mistress&hellip;" Alison
  begs as her dark-haired wardress puts her instruments aside for now. Fiona
  smiles indulgently, freeing her cuffed wrists from the headboard and leading
  her to the toilet.  
"We should really clean you up while we're in here&hellip;" Fiona observes
  as Alison sits down to piss long and noisily at the commode, squirming in embarrassment.
  She is not in any shape to argue. The brunette fills the red enema bag and
  wheels it over to where the drugged and pierced blonde sits passively on the
  toilet. "Go ahead and wash yourself out fore and aft&hellip;" Fiona orders
  her, handing her the nozzle. "You don't want that slimy Spider's come to fester
  in there&hellip; Hurry up we haven't got all day." Fiona stands over her tapping
  her black booted feet impatiently as the blonde struggles to comply. She's
  having a difficult time inserting the nozzle in her anus with her hands cuffed
  like this. But she does it, twisting and squirming delightfully. She blushes
  beet red as the hot steamy water flows into her rectum, adding to the warmth
  building in her belly. She lets it flow out of her, washing away the unclean
  feeling of the greasy biker's sperm still swimming around inside of her. Fiona
  helps her to wipe herself and get up, leading her back to the bedroom and sitting
  her down at the vanity table to fix her makeup.  
Fiona expertly touches up the bound babe's lipstick and streaked eye makeup,
  once more restoring the doll-like perfection of Alison's pale oval face and
  hair as the stoned and docile blonde relaxes under her ministrations. Her tied
  hands rest together in her lap, unthinkingly stroking the smoothness of her
  polished mound, where she can feel the barest hint of stubble already beginning
  to grow. Does Fiona intend to shave her again soon? Slate has demanded that
  she be kept completely smooth. No doubt the evil ex-beautician has something
  in mind.  
Getting the freshly made-up girl up from the fur-covered bench and leading
  her to the doorframe, the brunette fastens Alison's braceleted wrists to the
  hook over her head once again, hoisting her up tight. She then kicks the blonde's
  high heeled feet apart, anchoring the straps around her ankles to hooks in
  the doorframe so that her legs are spread apart in a wide Vee. Fiona steps
  around behind her to lace her corset up more tightly. "The afternoon is getting
  late, blondie&hellip;" she comments, "It's time to get on with your training." The
  raven-haired dominatrix pulls the laces tighter&hellip; tighter&hellip; making
  the steel-reinforced garment meet in an unbroken line up the gasping slave
  girl's back. The ringed receptionist's already slender middle has been compressed
  to a mere 18 inches. The incredibly constricted blonde feels as though her
  waist is about to snap, her heart thrust up into her throat and all the blood
  in her body concentrating in her spinning head, her throbbing pierced nipples
  and her naked and attentive loins.  
"Time for pluggie practice&hellip;" announces Fiona. "Today you graduate
  to a size thirteen&hellip; that's thirteen inches long and an inch and three
  quarters thick&hellip;" She goes over to the trunk in the corner and returns
  carrying the white patent-leather bondage belt, already hooked up by the straps
  in front to the size thirteen black rubber rectum-stretcher where it flares
  out at the base. In her other hand she holds a six inch black rubber penis
  gag. Stepping around behind Alison, she forces the thick choking thing past
  the girls gasping lips and hilt-deep into her throat, wringing a choked moan
  from the suspended blonde, who breathes wildly through her nose, her aristocratic
  nose flaring like a racehorse on the homestretch. Her mistress fastens the
  bondage belt tightly around her impossibly thin waistline, letting the long
  black plug dangle down below. Her white buttocks shake as Fiona empties an
  applicator full of lubricant into her rectum, shoving the glass tube past her
  wrinkled sphincter and depressing the plunger. Fiona massages the stuff around
  inside her with a rubber-gloved finger, then two, holding her immobile by the
  fingers of her other hand hooked inside the captive girl's gushy twat.  
After a minute or two of this, Alison is writhing around in her bonds, trying
  to push her hips back on the fingers going in and out of her, going MMF MMF
  MMF. Fiona brings the slickly-lubricated plug up to the bound quivering and
  slippery anal dot and slowly and with an even pressure starts working it in
  there, turning it this way and that, probing a little deeper with every thrust,
  forcing it in harder now as the smoothly tapered black head penetrates past
  the tightly stretched ring of flesh at the gagged slave's anal entrance and
  slips into the stretchy and slickly lubricated tunnel of her rectum. Slowly
  and steadily Fiona works inch after inch of the rubbery intruder up Alison's
  spastically twitching colon, the slickness and flexibility of the shaft allowing
  it to slide irresistibly deeper and deeper until once again her darkish pink
  membranes are struggling to grip the flanged base of the shaft. Fiona draws
  the third strap tightly up between the plugged girl's buttocks, locking the
  song sodomising rectum-stretcher in place. The sexy shaved blonde is now massively
  plugged behind, squirming around on her mistress' fingers that still impale
  her squishy pussy, reaching up to tease her eagerly attentive clit, stroking
  it, teasing it, bringing her shivering to the brink of orgasm and then leaving
  her there.  
Alison closes her eyes as she feels Fiona's lips upon her, down there, inflaming
  her and making her moan into her gag, her buttocks whitely clenching and unclenching
  around the black shaft impaling her, her womb fluttering around the rubber-gloved
  fingers inside her. Fiona works the tightly-corseted blonde mercilessly, biting
  down on the girl's helplessly exposed clit with her sharp teeth and grinding
  it there until Alison is screaming around the thick plug filling her throat,
  coming like crazy on the dark-eyed bitch's fingers stirring up her honeypot
  and the thick phallic intruder stuffing up her aching spasming ass guts. "See,
  honey&hellip; it's not so bad. You just have to hang here like this till dinner
  time&hellip;" Fiona teases her&hellip; "You know, you're scheduled for a booster
  shot right about now. Where would you like it?" MMMF! MMMMF! "Oh, in your hairless
  little pussy? What a delightful idea! I won't be a moment&hellip;" The dazed
  and frightened little blonde can only hang there helplessly watching as Fiona
  goes about her business, filling up syringes and screwing on needles. Fiona
  kneels in front of the spread-legged sex slave, bringing a half-inch needle
  up to her openly displayed slit&hellip;  
Alison can only look down in helpless horror as her quivering clit is skewered
  from underneath, feeling the pressure of the drugs flowing from the tip of
  the needle into her soft hairless pinkness. Her breath catches in her throat
  as she feels the warm soothing rush and thrilling flashes spreading within,
  making her knees tremble. Unconsciously she presses herself against the needle,
  wanting to feel it deeper inside her now&hellip; This is not lost on Fiona,
  who smirks to herself as she threads an inch long needle on a second syringe.
  She's got her digging it already. Alison's clit is swollen to twice its normal
  size now, and sticks out like a sore thumb. Although still terrified and repelled
  by needles, the captive blonde is getting off on the drugs all right. She hangs
  there limply as her mistress slips the inch long needle up and into her behind
  her clit shaft, seeking the root of the nerve, feeling a ball of scintillating
  excitement forming and gathering there. By the time Fiona is ready to give
  her the third shot, the sweetly shaved receptionist is totally spaced-out on
  a one way trip to sex heaven. The evil black-leather bitch threads the two
  inch needle into the unbelievably soft and sensitive flesh inside the captive
  blonde's vagina, injecting more and more drugs into the fluttering muscles
  and writhing membranes inside the helpless girl. Waves of soothing narcotic
  bliss shot through with bolts of incandescence gather in the bound babe's hips
  and shoot up to her brain and back down again, her well-stuffed rear clenching
  rhythmically and spasmodically on the black rubber appliance she is forced
  to wear. Her head may be lolling around on her neck, but her clit is still
  very much alert, needing only the slightest touch to bring her to another crushing
  orgasm. Unfortunately, Fiona has no intention of offering her this release.
  She intends to keep the girl in suspense until her master shows up in perhaps
  an hour or so.  
Finally, the brunette steps back, a smile of perverse satisfaction crossing
  her face. Not only has she forced Alison to take whatever she had to dish out,
  but she's succeeded in making the submissive doll respond to her against her
  will. Her training is going well. Slate should be pleased. "You can just hang
  out here for a while&hellip;" she tells the stoned out cutie. "If you promise
  to be quiet, I'll even take your gag out&hellip; is that a deal?" The bound
  blonde nods quickly, eagerly, her jaws aching to be able to close again.  
"You'll get a longer one tomorrow&hellip;" Fiona promises her&hellip; "After
  a week or so of practice, you should be able to deep-throat a salami&hellip;" she
  teases the gasping girl as she unfastens the straps around the back of her
  captive's neck and allows the saliva-slickened black rubber pecker to fall
  to the floor, kicking it aside. Alison can wash it later, along with the other
  ones she has worn.  
The luscious and spaced-out blonde hangs there working her jaws and breathing
  hard through her mouth in the doorway to her own girlish bedroom, once her
  private sanctuary, now redecorated with all the bizarre accoutrements of bondage
  and discipline. Her eyes wander to the long row of whips, straps and paddles
  hanging over her bed, dominating the room with their evil sense of purpose.
  Noticing this, Fiona taunts her&hellip; "Can't wait for your first real whipping,
  can you, hot pants? You know you're gonna get it tonight. Just wait until I
  tell the boss how you came with that slime-ball Spider's twisted pecker up
  your butt. He'll punish you good&hellip;" Fiona takes up her silver tray and
  leaves the room, doubtless to make herself another fix, leaving Alison alone
  with her thoughts.  
Try as she might, Alison is unable to keep her gaze from returning to the
  whips hanging there on the wall, wondering which one will be used, where and
  how, hearing in her mind the crack of the lash upon her lily white ass. She
  knows it's gonna hurt&hellip; hurt a lot. Why does the thought make her all
  hot and gushy between her legs? The thought that it will be Slate's hand upon
  the whip gives her a secret thrill. If she must be punished she wants it to
  be by him. She only hopes that she can hide the liquid trembling inside her.
  He might be disappointed if she gave in too easily. For a good three quarters
  of an hour, Fiona lets her stew quietly, building up suspense. From the living
  room she can hear Fiona letting people in the door, the sounds of furniture
  being moved, and the muffled curses and grunts of men at work. At any moment
  one of them could enter the room, see her hanging there like some kind of weird
  exhibit. Eventually the sounds quiet and she hears heavy footsteps heading
  out of the apartment again.  
At a few minutes before six, her black-haired keeper returns, unfastening
  her from the doorframe and clipping her hands behind her back again, once more
  connecting the white leather leash to her collar and leading her by it. There
  is a gentle, doe like expression on the slave girl's face, her eyes wide and
  excited. She longs to see her master&hellip; for him to touch her, if only
  with his whip. His are the hands that bind her, the needles that pierce her,
  the organs that have penetrated her. As Fiona leads her past the floor length
  mirror, Alison hardly recognizes the exquisitely dolled-up slave girl she sees
  reflected there. The posture of having her hands bound behind her makes her
  breasts thrust forward boldly, drawing attention to the rings newly pierced
  through her bright pink and throbbing nipples. Looking as she does, dressed
  as she is, she is aware that her very appearance immediately proclaims her
  enslavement and availability, exciting and provoking any man who sees her to
  red-hot lust, seeming to beg for further acts of rape and punishment. She wonders
  what Slate will do to her tonight. If she were a man she knows she would show
  no mercy. She sees herself once again down on her hands and knees before him,
  crying out in joy and agony as his massive thickness pounds up her quivering
  ass. Her rectum quivers and tightens around the long rubbery plug inside her.
  He has promised to take her that way every time he visits her.  

CHAPTER FIVE 
Suddenly, Alison's reverie is broken by the sound of the doorbell ringing.
  Her heart leaps into her throat. It is time. As Fiona leads her by the leash
  out through the living room to the front door, the plugged blonde notices that
  the furniture has been rearranged, the couches pushed back against the wall
  to make more room in the center of the floor. The entire far end of the room,
  where the dining area used to be, is now emptied save for a single spotlit
  pillar that runs from floor to ceiling, with a ring of hooks set into it about
  seven or eight feet off the floor, and another ring of hooks around the base.
  Obviously a whipping post. Off to one side of it is a sort of adjustable bondage
  bench, sort of similar to a weightlifter's bench but more thickly padded and
  with detachable stirrups built into one end like those on a gynecologist's
  examining table. The whole thing is set all over with hooks and rings, and
  jointed at several places so that it can be adjusted into almost any conceivable
  configuration. From a new rack on the wall hang a wide variety of whips, belts
  and chains.  
The captive girl's knees are shaking so badly she can hardly walk, carefully
  taking little short steps, limited by the one foot length of chain between
  her ankles, her wrists still fastened behind her back. Fiona throws the door
  open wide, revealing her lovely prisoner to whoever might be standing outside.
  Alison squirms in embarrassment, not knowing who or what to expect&hellip; It
  is Slate, and he is not alone. Behind him in the hallway are crowded Tony,
  Mickey and Luis, the three lowbrow bouncer types she had encountered the night
  before. Their eyes widen at the sight of the pierced and plugged blonde in
  her bizarrely provocative get up, their nostrils flaring like bulls in heat.
  They shuffle their feet around in their size fourteen shoes as they instantly
  sprout bulging erections. Alison is powerless to cover herself with her wrists
  fastened behind her like this, standing there awkwardly on the end of Fiona's
  leash with her newly-pierced nipples jutting out of the cut-outs in the corset
  and her bald little slit peeking out from below.  
Slate, meanwhile, maintains his air of ironic detachment, leading the group
  through the door as Fiona closes it behind them. "And how is our adorable little
  trainee today?" he asks the darkly beautiful bitch&hellip; "Has she been a
  good little girl?" "As good as can be expected, boss&hellip;" replies Fiona&hellip; "I
  had to straighten her out once or twice, as you can see&hellip;"  
She turns the blonde around so Slate and his goon squad can inspect
    the marks on her rear, plainly revealing the base of the plug stuffed up
    the girl's behind and the little straps holding it in place.  
"What the fuck is that thing, boss?" asks Tony. "Alison, tell my friend here
what that is and what it's for&hellip;" Slate demands, pointing to the contraption
between her buttocks. The bound girl hems and haws. "Speak up, Alison&hellip;" the
granite-faced construction exec orders her, more fiercely this time. "I&hellip; I
guess it's a kind of trainer, sir&hellip;" the mortified girl stammers, red-faced&hellip; "It
uhh&hellip; it goes up inside me there&hellip; in the back&hellip; and the little
straps hold it in place so it can't fall or get pushed out. I think it's supposed
to you know stretch me&hellip; to make it easier for men to&hellip; you know&hellip; to
fuck me there&hellip;" "No shit?&hellip;" sez Tony. "Yes, sir&hellip;" the blushing
captive replies, humiliated beyond belief, staring down at her feet and feeling
every inch of the rubbery rectum stretcher locked so deep in her hot squishy
bowels. "She's been wearing it for about two hours, now&hellip;" announces her
darkly perverse mistress, "So she should be pretty well opened up&hellip;" "Excellent&hellip;" says
Slate. "We'll soon find out. But first let's have some refreshments&hellip; Fiona,
why don't you go help Alison get us some drinks."   
Slate motions to his boys to take a seat on the couches which have been pushed
  back against the wall, turning on the video tapes made earlier that day and
  displaying them on the big screen TV. Alison getting her punishment enema&hellip; Alison
  lapping her mistress' dark-haired pussy&hellip; Alison getting injections,
  getting her nipples ringed by the greasy tattoo artist&hellip; Alison getting
  her cunt and ass fucked by his long crooked crank&hellip; Alison moaning and
  cooing as he shoots his sticky come load deep in her spasming bowels&hellip; "Looks
  like you got her pretty well trained already, boss&hellip;" chuckle the meatheads
  on the couch. The luscious blonde slave girl in the kitchen can hear every
  word, every moan and gasp coming from the television as Fiona refastens her
  wrists in front to enable her to carry a tray of freshly-poured scotches to
  the men outside, her ears burning with their lewd laughter. Fiona pours them
  both a couple of white wines, and they take a sip or two before putting them
  on the tray.  
Returning to the living room carrying the drink tray and still led like a
  dog by her leash, Alison feels the eyes of all the men riveted on her as she
  leans over the coffee table to serve them, carefully setting each drink down
  on a coaster. Her pierced and exposed nipples hang a few inches in front of
  each man's face. On the TV screen behind her, Fiona is just making her come
  as she hangs in bondage in the door frame. Alison serves the three underlings
  first, finally coming to Slate. As she bends over before him to put down his
  drink, Slate reaches out with both hands to seize her nipple rings between
  his thumb and forefinger. The tightly-corseted blonde freezes as he examines
  them closely, turning them this way and that, tugging on them gently. "How
  do you like your new jewelry, Alison?" the saturnine exec enquires&hellip; "You
  won't forget that you're my little slave girl now, will you? That guy Spider
  is a real low-life, but he does good work, don't you think?" "Y&hellip;Yes,
  sir&hellip; I guess so, sir&hellip; I&hellip; I wouldn't know&hellip; I know
  I won't forget that I belong to you&hellip; not as long as I'm wearing them&hellip;" the
  cuffed and plugged girl admits quietly. Indeed, now that she has been ringed,
  she feels more than ever committed to a total bondage lifestyle, her old life
  already becoming nothing more than an irrelevant memory.  
"That's a good girl&hellip;" says Slate, finally releasing her. "You know,
  watching these tapes, I get the feeling that you enjoyed it when that creep
  Spider fucked you in the pussy and up the ass. Did you like it when Fiona licked
  your cunt? Tell me, how many times did you come today?&hellip;" "I&hellip; I
  don't know, sir&hellip;" the shamed and terrified girl replies. "I think you've
  been enjoying yourself too much, you dirty fucking whore&hellip; You don't
  give a shit who fucks you, do you, as long as they give it to you good and
  hard?" "Y&hellip;Yes sir&hellip; No sir&hellip; I don't know, sir&hellip;" the
  comely slave girl stammers. "You know what's going to happen now, don't you,
  Alison? You know what happens to dirty little whores?" Slate's voice is rising
  as he continues his interrogation. Alison remains silent and intimidated, not
  knowing what he expects from her, frozen with fear. Her bright blue eyes dart
  to the spotlit post at the other end of the room.  
She knows she is going to be whipped, and soon. That's what happens to dirty
  little whores&hellip; she just can't bring herself to say it. "Don't you, Alison?!" Slate
  repeats himself, suddenly slapping the girl across the face, bringing tears
  to her eyes. "Yes sir&hellip; Yes sir&hellip; they get punished, sir&hellip;" "That's
  right, Alison, they get punished&hellip;" he growls, "Just like you're going
  to be&hellip; Dirty little sluts like you get their butts whipped every day.
  It's no more than they deserve. It's the only way to keep their hot little
  asses in line. The next time you come without my express permission, I'm going
  to have Fiona take her quirt to your greedy wet twat, you shameless sniveling
  little cunt! Keep that in mind!" Alison cowers under this torrent of verbal
  abuse. "Now take this bitch over to the whipping post and hang her up high&hellip;" he
  orders his three stooges, who are sitting there open mouthed.  
Crazed with fear, the plugged and cuffed blonde makes a sudden desperate
  dash for the door as Tony, Mickey and Luis start to rise, ripping her leash
  from Fiona's hand. Unfortunately, she has forgotten that her ankles are still
  fastened together by the short length of chain, and only gets about two steps
  before she trips and falls to the carpeted floor with a crash, nearly upsetting
  the coffee table and landing heavily on her side. In a flash, two of Slate's
  gorillas are roughly lifting her to her feet, holding her by the upper arms
  and keeping them pinned to her sides as she struggles in their grip. "Now don't
  you feel silly&hellip;" her erstwhile employer smirks&hellip; "I was hoping
  you'd do that. You've just added ten extra lashes to your punishment&hellip; want
  to go for more?" He steps up to her and seizes her chin in his hand, forcing
  her to look him in the eye. Alison gulps down the rage and resentment suddenly
  boiling in her veins. "No&hellip; No sir&hellip;" she whimpers, choking on
  the words. "Good&hellip; good&hellip; you're starting to hate me&hellip;" Slate
  taunts her. "It will be that much more fun to beat it out of you."  
Without further ado, Tony and Luis half walk, half drag the terrified receptionist
  over to the pillar dominating the room and hang her wrists to one of the hooks
  over her head by a short length of chain, pulling it tight enough that she
  has to stand on tiptoes with her belly pressed hard against the post. The shackled
  girl is so weak with fear that she can barely stand and feels like she is going
  to throw up, breathing hard though her mouth. Fiona comes over with a wide
  leather belt, strapping the tightly-corseted captive's narrow waist firmly
  to the obelisk in front of her, making it impossible for her to turn or twist
  her body around and forcing her buttocks to jut out invitingly behind. They
  make a tempting target, framed by the corset cut high above, the black plug
  impaling her quivering rectum and the strap running up between her cheeks still
  glaringly obvious.  
Alison's fearfully erect clit and ringed nipples are pressed hard against
  the post as her darkly beautiful mistress pulls her ankles apart, fastening
  them to opposite sides of the post at its base so that the bound girl is forced
  to straddle it, the smooth round obsidian surface hard up against her moistly
  shaved crotch. Her head and neck, however, remain free enough that she can
  turn to look back over her shoulder at Slate, who walks over to the rack of
  whips hanging on the wall. She'll be able to see the blows coming, if she tries,
  but is completely helpless to stop them. "I think a few with the cat would
  be good to start with&hellip;" her master comments, "Just to warm her up a
  little&hellip;" He takes off his suit jacket and rolls up his sleeves, revealing
  a well-muscled hairy forearm, and selects a black leather cat o' nine tails
  with a foot-long wooden handle and two-foot lashes of thick leather strips,
  knotted at the end to give them some momentum. Stepping up close behind her,
  he fondles her soft and outthrust butt cheeks for a moment, running his fingers
  over the welts that Fiona had left there, letting the cat dangle idly from
  his other hand. Alison starts blubbering and begging pathetically&hellip; "Please
  Mister Slate don't hurt me I'll be good I'm sorry I'm sorry don't hurt me please
  Mister Slate I'll be good I'll be good&hellip;"  
"Gee, Alison, I'm disappointed in you&hellip;" Slate comments facetiously. "Where
  is your spirit now&hellip; your will to resist? I haven't even struck you yet.
  Now shut the fuck up. The only sounds I want to hear from your mouth now are
  screams&hellip;" With that he starts swinging, slowly and with a measured pace,
  using all the strength in his arm. The nine-tasseled cat whistles through the
  air&hellip; SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT! By the third blow, Alison is already crying
  quietly, helplessly, to herself, biting her trembling lower lip. SPLAT! SPLAT!
  SPLAT! SPLAT!&hellip; On and on it goes. The nine lashes of the cat dissipate
  the force of the blow more or less evenly across her jiggling rear, not cutting
  into her the way Fiona's quirt did but rather bringing an overall redness and
  fiery heat to her cheeks. SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT! By the tenth lash the girl is
  sobbing freely, twisting in her bonds as much as she is able, unconsciously
  grinding her wet and hairless pussy against the foot-thick black pole between
  her legs, squeezing down on the thirteen inches of rubber stuffed up her ass
  and sending a surge of hot gushy cunty pleasure up her spine amidst the burning
  pain. SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT!&hellip; Slate keeps up his slow relentless
  flogging, striking the girl once every two seconds or so. By the twentieth
  lash, the once virginal ivory of Alison's shapely rear is glowing a vivid magenta
  all over, and burning as though she had sat down on a hot stove.  
The more it burns, the harder the whipped girl grinds her hips against the
  phallic pole she is tied to, moaning loudly now with each blow, her eyes closed
  tightly and a cascade of tears flowing down her face. "PLEASSE&hellip; PLEASSE&hellip; PLEEASSSE&hellip;" she
  begs incoherently in time with the whacking of the cat, her belly tightening
  with the tension of her approaching orgasm. "Jeeze, boss&hellip; lookit her
  go&hellip;" sez Tony. "First I'm going to make you come with my whip&hellip;" hisses
  Slate, "Then I'm going to mark you&hellip;" SPLAT&hellip; SPLAT&hellip; SPLAT&hellip; SPLAT&hellip; He
  punctuates each word with another lash of the cat. The overwhelmed and totally
  dominated sex slave's mind dissolves somewhere around the thirty fifth blow
  in an explosion of white hot pain and passion, her teeth tightly clenched and
  her savagely beaten bottom grinding and shaking uncontrollably against the
  hard black pillar she straddles, her pink little rectum felching and squishing
  around the long black plug buried in her bowels. A long keening wail is torn
  from her throat, borne from the depths of her submission. He has made her come
  with his whip, and she is his now, body and soul.  
Slate takes a step back, taking a breather, his forehead dotted with perspiration,
  letting his softly sobbing and moaning slave girl hang there for a few minutes
  as the intensity of her orgasm subsides. Her hips move around reflexively in
  little circles, as though still feeling the echoes of his lashes. The girl's
  lovely rounded tush is glowing like a red hot coal in a fireplace and burns
  like one too. And Slate is just getting started&hellip; the steely-eyed construction
  exec takes a long pull from his drink, discarding the cat and walking back
  over to the rack on the wall. He selects a thin four foot switch, made of flexible
  fiberglass wrapped in black leather. "Wait till you feel the cut of my crop&hellip;" he
  says to the abjectly defeated and sniffling blonde with a cruel glitter in
  his hooded eyes, swishing the thing around in the air in front of him a few
  times, loosening up his arm. He means to give her some serious pain now. The
  limber switch makes a terrifying whistle as it cuts through the air. Unlike
  the cat o' nine tails, which is designed to spread the force of his blows more
  or less evenly across the flesh of his victim, the crop is obviously meant
  to cut sharply, focusing all the energy of his swing in a narrow stripe that
  makes immediate welts and can easily lacerate the skin if laid on hard enough.
  Slate intends to mark her for life. Only a bullwhip could be more severe. "Just
  try to keep from screaming, Alison&hellip; just try&hellip;" he taunts her
  sadistically&hellip;  
WHIZZZ- THWACK! The thin crop lands across the fleshiest part of the bound
  girl's buttocks with a meaty thunk, instantly raising a darkish purple stripe
  flecked with tiny drops of blood on the flaming magenta background of her behind.
  With the first blow, Alison's mind explodes in agony and panic. She shrieks
  uncontrollably, far beyond shame or embarrassment. Never in her sweet short
  life has she experienced anything that hurt this bad. WHIZZZ- THWACK! He lays
  another stripe carefully just above the first. WHIZZZ- THWACK! WHIZZZ- THWACK!
  WHIZZZ- THWACK! Three more lacerations appear above and below the others, leaving
  a neat row of five darkly-oozing stripes across the tortured slave girl's shapely
  rear. Alison's body thrashes and twists within her bondage, her full-throated
  screams nearly deafening in the close confines of the apartment. For a long
  time she goes on screaming, even after her Master has put down his instrument
  of punishment. Slate smiles in evil satisfaction. She won't soon forget this
  whipping, her first, or the man who gave it to her. The overall redness of
  her buttocks will soon fade, but the stripes he has laid on her will take weeks
  to heal, eventually turning black and then fading to thin white lines of scar
  tissue that will mark her forever as a slutty little masochistic slave bitch.
  His little slave bitch.  
Finally, Alison's screams fade to sobs and sniffling moans as she hangs there
  limply, her shoulders and breasts heaving, her face drenched with tears that
  roll down her cheeks and drip off her chin, her rear end an agony of flaming
  pain. "I told you I would make you scream&hellip;" Slate comments coolly, walking
  around to face her. "Now tell me&hellip; Who is your Master?" "You are, Sir&hellip;" the
  tortured slave girl snivels in abject surrender. "Who do you belong to?" "You,
  Sir&hellip; only you&hellip;" "And what is your purpose in life?&hellip;" "To
  serve you, Sir&hellip;" "And how may you serve me?&hellip;" "With my body,
  Sir&hellip; with my mouth&hellip; my breasts&hellip; my pussy&hellip; my ass
  if you wish it&hellip;" she whispers softly. "Very good, Alison&hellip; I think
  you're learning&hellip;" says her darkly handsome tormentor. "There's nothing
  like a good whipping to instill the proper attitude of humility in cunts like
  you&hellip; I wish your twerpy little boyfriend could see you now&hellip; he'd
  know how you bitches need to be treated. Maybe I'll bring him around here one
  of these days, let him watch some of these tapes. He must be wondering what
  happened to you by now. He should get to know the real Alison&hellip; the new
  Alison. Wouldn't that be fun?"  
The captive blonde burns with humiliation, imagining what Tom would think
  if he saw her this way. He'd probably hate her as much as she hates herself
  for giving in so submissively&hellip; she who always acted so cool and aloof,
  teasing and frustrating her boyish suitor mercilessly, making her jump through
  hoops for her. And him thinking that the way to her heart was through love&hellip; how
  could he have been more wrong? She realizes that Slate's words are no idle
  chatter&hellip; no doubt he has plans to make this meeting happen. She knows
  that if she were Tom she'd want to get even&hellip; to punish her for jerking
  him around all along, then giving herself totally to someone else. Some day
  soon he will doubtless get his chance. In a way she even looks forward to it&hellip; she
  feels like she owes him that much.  
"All right, boys&hellip; let's get her down from there and onto the bench&hellip;" Slate
  orders his musclebound henchmen. "She took her whipping&hellip; now she deserves
  a good fuck. Who wants to be the first?" The guys stumble all over themselves
  to be the first in line, with Tony asserting his position as the senior of
  the three. They unfasten the pierced and well-striped sex slave from the whipping
  post and carry the exhausted and totally passive girl over to the bondage bench
  across the room. "How do you want her, boss?" asks Tony. "Oh, face down, I
  think&hellip;" Slate replies&hellip; "That way I can admire the results of
  my work. Besides, it's about time for her pluggie to come out. Fiona, why don't
  you go fix our little trainee a couple of booster shots? I think she's about
  due for some anal injections&hellip; About 30 ccs worth&hellip; one, two, and
  three inch needles&hellip;"  
While Fiona is off about her business the men busy themselves fixing Alison
  to the bondage bench. First they crank up the whole thing so it's about waist-high,
  with the head part a little lower than the middle, folding down the bottom
  third of the thing into an L shape. They set the unresisting cuffed and plugged
  slave girl face down on it so that she is in a kneeling position with her hips
  a foot higher than her head. Following Slate's instructions, they fasten her
  collar to a ring at the top end of the thing so that she cannot raise the top
  half of her body and her head is bent back at the neck, her chin resting on
  the padded edge. They separate her cuffed wrists and fix them to rings on either
  side of the bench about level with her shoulders. Moving down to her feet,
  they clip her ankles to more rings on either side at the base of the device,
  separating them and bending her knees up into a frog-like position. Alison's
  flaming and well-whipped backside is thus raised to prominence and spread open
  widely, completely exposed, as they fasten two short leather belts around her
  knees and strap them tightly to the sides of the table, making it impossible
  for her to raise her hips.  
Slate then steps in and unbuckles the bondage belt from around her middle,
  pulling it away from her and unclipping the little straps that hold the rubbery
  butt-plug in place. Slowly he eases the dripping thirteen-inch dildo out of
  her widespread ass hole as he reaches down to stroke her slick smooth pussylips
  with his other hand, insinuating a finger between them to wake her swollen
  clit. Alison whimpers as the head of the thing finally plops out of her exhausted
  and stretched-out sphincter, which remains gaping open so that her Master can
  see in inch or two inside, revealing her gushy dark pink inner anal membranes.
  After three hours of wearing the thing, Alison can no longer close her rectum&hellip; at
  least not for a little while. This is exactly what Slate had in mind.  
Just about that moment, Fiona returns with her silver tray and three 10cc
  hypos already filled with clear and potent liquid ecstasy. Slate instructs
  his henchmen to go ahead and take off their pants and shorts and line up by
  the bound babe's face as he buckles a wide white strap across the back of  
Alison's waist, cinching it tightly so that her belly is pressed hard against
  the padded bench underneath her. The beautiful and punished blonde's rear end
  is now completely immobilized in this spread-open position, fastened so tightly
  she can't even twitch, her pussy and asshole gaping open like the mouths of
  hungry baby birds. Slate takes a hypo with a glittering one-inch needle and
  holds it up to the light, squeezing out a bubble or two, squirting a thin line
  up into the air. "Go ahead&hellip; stick your cock in her mouth&hellip;" he
  tells Tony. "Don't worry&hellip; she won't bite&hellip; not while I've got
  this needle up her ass. Will you, Alison&hellip;?" "No&hellip; No Sir&hellip; I
  won't bite&hellip;" she promises, shuddering in helpless dread.  
Needles up the ass&hellip; anal injections&hellip; so this is what he meant.
  She can't imagine anything more terribly, dangerously decadent, or more terrifyingly
  exciting. For in truth she is excited, her little pink joy button twitching
  and jumping to the expert strumming of her Master's finger, her hairless little
  pussy moistening itself once again with her slippery juices. After the savage
  whipping she has received, she finds herself actually looking forward to the
  relief she knows the drugs will provide, spreading soothing warmth through
  her body and easing the awful burning pain of her fiery rump and throbbingly
  pierced nipples. Deadening also the guilt and shame and anguish that torment
  her mind, leaving her spaced-out and carefree, eager to please. She's going
  to get it anyway&hellip; she might as well enjoy it, the helpless girl rationalizes.  
In fact she is already becoming addicted to the powerful stimulant/hypnotics
  and if the gleaming needles are the price she has to pay She has learned to
  find a certain horrifying and sick pleasure in the feeling of the ultra-sharp
  instruments piercing and probing deeper and deeper within her tender sex flesh,
  the squeezing of the plunger that fills her from within with scintillating
  and dreamy pleasure, the shock of hot surrender that hits as the drugs fill
  her bloodstream and reach her brain, leaving her limp and aching with sexual
  need. Alison opens her mouth and gasps as she feels the first scrape of the
  one-inch needle dimpling the ultra-sensitive flesh at the gaping mouth of her
  rectum. The hairy beetle-browed Italian standing in front of her takes this
  opportunity to seize her by the hair, stuffing the length of his hot swarthy
  pecker into her mouth and leaving it there, pulling her head back to straighten
  out the path.  
"MMF!&hellip; MMF!&hellip; she gasps as Slate sinks the glittering steel
  lance into the soft and yielding ring of tissue around her delicate opening,
  Slowly and deliberately he works his way around in a circle inside her laxly
  yawning anal orifice, injecting more and more drugs as he goes. By the time
  he has emptied the first syringe, a tingling numbness suffuses the membranes
  of her slightly swollen ass hole and a warm relaxing glow is slowly billowing
  within her. Alison's mouth is working now on Tony's big veiny cock as he slowly
  fucks it in and out of her face, her pinkly stretched lips locked around its
  circumference and her tongue mischievously tickling the underside of his throbbing
  shaft, sucking like a starving calf at its mother's udder. She is starting
  to feel all dreamy and creamy&hellip; she does do love sucking dick&hellip; any
  dick as long as it's hard and hairy&hellip;  
"Now that we've got you warmed up, it's time to get to work with some longer
  needles&hellip;" Slate announces to his spaced-out and slurping sex slave.
  Alison feels a delicious thrill of fear curl in her belly, making her clit
  twitch as she presses it against the smooth vinyl of the bondage bench. She
  is anxious now to feel his penetrating injections deeper inside. Slate takes
  a thick index finger and inserts it in her doped-up rear entry, squelching
  it in and out a few times, enjoying the feeling of her slippery inner walls
  delicately massaging his probing digit as he stirs it around. "Tony, get your
  dick out of there before you come&hellip; step aside and let Mickey have a
  chance." Alison meeps with disappointment as the swarthy Mediterranean's cock
  is withdrawn, only to have her face once more stuffed full of turgid manmeat
  as the sturdy Irishman takes his place. "Don't look so crestfallen, Tony&hellip;" his
  boss admonishes him as he pumps his finger in and out, "I want you to save
  that come to go up her ass when I'm done here. That goes for you other guys,
  too&hellip;  
This little nympho slut needs more ass-fucking practice and I'm going to
  see that she gets it. So don't come in her mouth, okay?"  
"We gotcha boss&hellip;" the three goons agree, smiling and licking their
  lips in anticipation. Meanwhile, Slate has picked up the second 10cc syringe
  with its gleaming 2 inch needle and bends to guide it into the opening of Alison's
  trembling and slightly open rectum. Holding the aperture open with the thumb
  and forefinger of his other hand, he guides the razor sharp point of the lance
  into the girl's widely gaping hole, jabbing it down into the slick red interior
  of her anal canal. Slowly he works his way around the circumference of her
  interior, depressing the plunger of the syringe with his thumb to inject more
  and more narcotics as he goes. By the time he is finished he has completed
  a circle of injections deep inside her slick spasming rear entry and a warm
  glowing tingle is permeating her from deep within, sending messages of sensual
  delight running up and down her spine that seem to explode behind her eyes
  in a shower of scintillating fireworks. Alison's face takes on a look of dreamy
  contentment, her attention totally riveted on the sensation of the long needle
  probing deep inside her hot squishy asshole as Mickey pounds his stumpy dick
  in and out of her gasping mouth. Finally, the second syringe is emptied and
  Slate carefully withdraws it and tosses it aside.  
"Okay, Mickey&hellip; get the fuck out of there&hellip; Let Luis get in on
  some of that blowjob action&hellip;" he commands, picking up the third 10cc
  syringe with its wicked three-inch needle and once more spreading Alison's
  drugged and halfway numbed asshole with his fingers. Carefully, he threads
  the length of the needle straight up her rectum, not touching the walls, finally
  angling it down to penetrate her only when the barrel of the syringe is ready
  to enter her anally. Luis grabs the compliantly-stoned girl by the hair and
  thrusts his hairy chorizo between her lips, immediately fucking her face with
  all the power he can muster. Alison lies there on her belly with her eyes closed,
  her attention totally riveted way up inside her back passage where the point
  of the needle touches her. Slate thrusts down and in, driving the whole three
  inches of gleaming steel into the soft flesh of her feminine core with one
  thrust, making the tied up sex slave twitch and tense up involuntarily as she
  feels the needle piercing her womb from behind some five inches or so inside
  her, sharply skewering the nerve center of the feminine anatomy. At least two
  inches of the barrel of the syringe is now inserted into her softly yielding
  rectum, fucking her in the ass as her grimly smiling Master empties the third
  syringe inside her. At this point, Alison's mind is floating somewhere up there
  above cloud nine, her whole body from the waist down totally out of her control,
  an expression of dreamy pleasure on her face as Luis pounds his stumpy dick
  in and out of her mouth.  
 By the time Slate is done and pulls the third hypo from her weakly spasming
  asshole, her whole body is alight with a hot rush of excitement and desire.
  After all she has endured and experienced she feels an almost unbearable yearning
  to be fucked and fucked and fucked&hellip; an emptiness inside that con only
  be satisfied by a hard pounding hot cock deep inside her, a craving for the
  kind of brutal penetration that will at long last bring her to orgasm and a
  sense of feminine fulfillment&hellip; a reward if you will for all the punishment
  and humiliation she has suffered. "Luis, get your slimy prick out of there&hellip;" says
  Slate&hellip; "It's time to buttfuck this little nympho bitch&hellip;" A tremor
  of shame runs through the tightly bound slave girl as she realizes how eagerly
  she is awaiting her impalement by three musclebound gorillas she hardly knows
  and doesn't even like. Her mouth is open and panting, her swollen nipples tingling
  and attentively erect around the thick rings that pierce them. She misses the
  feeling of having a hot cock in her subserviently sucking mouth.  
As if divining her emotion, Slate steps up to her face and unzips his trousers,
  pulling out his oversized and twitching erection. Alison beholds this object
  with awe, an expression of doglike devotion on her face as she locks her bright
  pink lips around it. She licks and sucks at it like a little girl with a favorite
  lollypop, whimpering with need. A satisfied smile creases the hard lines of
  her Master's face. "Step up, there, Tony&hellip;" he tells the hulking bodyguard&hellip; "Stick
  it up her ass! Don't worry about her feelings&hellip; just ram it in there&hellip; That's
  how she likes it&hellip; Isn't it, Alison?!&hellip;" he orders the hungrily-sucking
  slave bitch&hellip; "Tell Tony how you like it&hellip; hard and rough&hellip;." He
  pulls his cock from her mouth and stands there glaring down at her.  
"Yes, sir&hellip; yesss that's how I like it&hellip;" the bound and drugged
  girl is forced to confess, her voice soft and meekly fawning as she looks up
  into Slate's steely eyes with groveling capitulation. "I&hellip; I like to
  take it anally&hellip; Go ahead and give it to me hard&hellip; as hard as you
  want&hellip; hard and deep&hellip; I&hellip; I don't mind&hellip; I&hellip; uh&hellip; I
  like it like that.. I need it like that&hellip; Oh please&hellip; pleeeaasssse&hellip;" She
  hams it up a little, making Slate smirk&hellip;  
Hearing this confession, the hot-blooded Tony's mind is boils with raging
  and greedy lust as he steps up close behind her to lay his hands on her well-whipped
  buttocks, guiding the head of his cock to her quivering rear aperture. He can
  feel the darkening welts Slate has raised with his crop on the background of
  her flaming magenta cheeks. Alison closes her eyes and scrunches up her eyes,
  wincing at the contact of his fingers on her burning and lacerated rear as
  her Boss once more thrusts his hot manly member into her gasping mouth. Without
  further preamble, the swarthy goomba behind her introduces his swollen red
  cockhead into her hairless and dilated pink rectum, plunging it past her stretched-out
  sphincter and into her slickly-lubricated and spasming bowels. He penetrates
  her easily for the first few inches or so, although it's a bit of a struggle
  to get the second half stuffed up there&hellip; The girl moans around Slate's
  dick filling her mouth, lifting her hips as best she can to straighten herself
  out inside and accommodate Tony's rough probing deeper and deeper in her hot
  ass&hellip;  
After hours of wearing the rubbery black plug up there Alison is well stretched,
  although it is still a snug fit. Finally, he stops for a moment, savoring the
  sensation of her hot elastic bowels stretched tightly and squeezing around
  the length of his cock, beads of sweat popping out on his forehead from the
  sheer pleasure of it. He grinds his hairy muscular belly against her softly
  upturned buns. Her yielding insides begin to squeeze and milk on his shaft,
  her belly turning flip-flops with the pleasure of being deeply penetrated as
  she shamelessly rubs her stiff little clit against the vinyl bondage bench
  beneath her.  
When he feels her squishy internal membranes start to massage his cock, Tony
  goes wild, slamming himself up her girlish ass like a linebacker on steroids,
  grunting and snorting like an animal. Alison is totally overcome by the violent
  pounding of his dick within her, forcing the breath from her lungs as he batters
  relentlessly into her soft interior. SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! goes his belly
  against her jiggling backside. Within minutes his rock-hard organ is twitching
  and jumping inside her, seeming to swell even wider as he spurts his hot scummy
  load into her seething depths, holding her tight against him. When she feels
  his warm wet semen spurting deep in her butt, the blonde's spastically fluttering
  bowels clamp down on him hard, squeezing the come out of his balls as she comes
  and comes around his skewering shaft, whining and squealing with rapture around
  the thick manthing choking her throat, trying hard not to bite it. Gradually
  her spasms start to fade as the hulking Italian leg-breaker's slippery cock
  slowly deflates and gets rubbery inside her, finally popping out with a splurt.  
"Good job, Tony&hellip;" sez Slate, pulling his saliva-slickened organ from
  Alison's slurping mouth. "Don't you think he did a good job, Alison? I think
  you should thank him&hellip;" he demands, slapping the buttfucked slave girl
  across the face with his massive dick, back and forth, back and forth. "Thank
  you, sir&hellip; Thank you for doing a good job fucking me up the ass&hellip;" the
  panting captive murmers subserviently to the hulking meathead behind her. "Okay&hellip; now
  let Mickey have a shot&hellip;" Slate commands, stuffing his king-sized erection
  back into Alison's openly gasping mouth.  
Tony steps back from the bench, wiping his dick with a moist towelette that
  Fiona thoughtfully provides him. The stolid Mickey steps into his place, an
  expression of ox-like determination on his rather stupid looking face, his
  mean little close-set eyes narrowing in concentration. Forcefully, he augers
  his broad purplish cockhead into the slavishly subservient blonde's oozing
  rectal orifice, driving his stumpy thickset cock to the hilt into her quivering
  and slippery ass guts. Although not particularly long, its unusual thickness
  makes it a good deal more difficult to force it in there, but he bores on in
  stubbornly, relentlessly stretching her&hellip; Alison's eyes pop open and
  alarm bells of pain try to make themselves heard through the drug-induced haze
  of sensual surrender, but of course with her tummy tightly belted to the bondage
  bench she can hardly even twitch. All she can do is take it&hellip; take it
  all.  
Tears of helpless frustration well in her eyes as Slate relentlessly works
  his king-sized pecker in and out of her gullet in time with the ruddy-faced
  mick slamming into the recesses of her ravished bowels. Faster and faster the
  twin pistons move within her as she begins to respond with fearful excitement
  to the oafish bouncer's bloated tool, first relaxing and then reflexively tightening
  up again around him, caressing his shaft with her hot yielding insides. He
  fucks her wetly clinging ass feverishly, rivulets of sweat pouring down his
  contorted face as she grunts and moans around the big dick in her mouth in
  time with his thrusts. Soon he too is coming, erupting like a volcano, bathing
  her ass guts with hot gruelly semen, sending her spinning off into another
  convulsive orgasm, her blissfully spasming bowels sucking the juice out of
  his spurting unit as skyrockets of delight explode behind her tightly scrunched-up
  eyes. Mickey falls back like he had been hit over the head with a hammer. "Okay,
  Luis&hellip;" says Slate, "You're up&hellip; Don't let me down, now&hellip; give
  it to her good!"  
Unlike the other two, who fucked her hard and came quickly, Luis is determined
  to take his time and make this last for a while. After all, who knows when
  an opportunity this good will come again? Besides he is vain and macho enough
  to want to make her remember him, and being Hispanic, holds a certain resentment
  for genteel suburban white bitches like Alison. The fact that she would undoubtedly
  have treated him as a social inferior in her former life adds a certain poignancy
  to the situation. He aims to strike a blow as it were for the pride of Latin
  manhood and her helpless ass is going to be the scapegoat. Meanwhile Slate
  continues to throat-fuck the subserviently sucking slave-girl, holding her
  by the ears and forcing her down on his cock endlessly as the tears run down
  her soft cheeks.  
Luis steps up to the bound girl's widespread and oozing asscrack, slapping
  his hands down on her whipped and immobilized buttocks hard enough to make
  her jerk in pain and cry out, reawakening the burning stripes that decorate
  her rear. "Just wanna see if you're awake there cutie&hellip;" the olive skinned
  Latino hisses&hellip; "I got something here for your hot little coolie&hellip;" Alison
  whimpers as he presses the fat uncircumsized head of his swarthy pecker to
  her exhausted and bruised anal ring. Her insides are starting to feel like
  a punching bag after Mike Tyson gets through with it. Her eyes close in resignation.
  She's not going anywhere, and neither is he, except deeper and deeper up her
  ass. Slowly and deliberately he plows it in there as her fucked-out rectum
  grips him slackly. She wishes he'd just get on with it&hellip;  
Finally, her tired and swollen sphincter is gripping his hairy unit at the
  root, its twitching throbbing length buried in her hot slimy rear channel.
  He stirs it around inside her&hellip; "Hey baby how djou like that hot Cuban
  sausage, huh?&hellip;" Alison lies there passively, heedless of his taunts,
  simply enduring. Unsatisfied with her lack of responsiveness, he slaps her
  lacerated butt cheeks again with his heavy hands as he thrusts himself forcefully
  up her hot squishy ass hole. This definitely brings the shackled blonde back
  to life in a hurry, her buttocks clenching an unclenching, her hot interior
  squeezing his hard hairy member involuntarily as she reacts to the burning
  hurt he awakens in her still-flaming butt. "Oh yeah! Let's do that some more!" Again
  and again the sadistic Cuban spanks the helpless blonde's tender tush, driving
  his slimy dick into her more forcefully with every slap as she quivers and
  shivers under him.  
SQUELCH&hellip; SQUELCH&hellip; SQUELCH.. goes his dick as it pistons in
  and out of her cum-filled asshole. SMACK SMACK SMACK go his hands on her whipped
  and squirming buttocks. In spite of herself, Alison finds herself responding
  to this humiliating treatment, a coil of tension gathering in her belly and
  in her obediently stiffening little clit. Why is it that every time he strikes
  her it jumps reflexively, sending a hot jolt of pussy-pleasure up her spine
  to mix deliciously, excitingly with the burning of her buttocks and the feelings
  of deeply submissive surrender coming from up inside her violated bowels? Slowly
  and steadily he fucks her and fucks her and fucks her, his steely ramrod pumping
  relentlessly in and out of her meekly open rear. In spite of her exhaustion,
  Alison is coming alive for them&hellip; Her smoothly shaved cunt gushes as
  she begins to whine, coo and gurgle, lost in the overwhelming sensations as
  she is reamed out at both ends. Slate's mammoth cock twitches and jumps, pounding
  harder into her slavishly sucking mouth. Her cheeks hollow as she fastens her
  lips tightly around the root of his tool, sensing that he is about to lose
  his load. Luis is giving it to her fast and furious, not, making her soft buttocks
  ripple and jiggle as he fucks her and spanks her&hellip; fucks her and spanks
  her&hellip; fucks her and spanks her&hellip;  
The two big dicks driving inside her seem to meet somewhere in the middle
  of her now thrillingly responsive body as her mind melts into a pool of molten
  mush and the hard-faced Latin lets loose with a stream of invective in Spanish,
  getting ready to shoot his wad. Suddenly they are both coming at once inside
  her, squirting jet after jet of viscous hot scum into her mouth and up her
  ass, into her mouth and up her ass, filling the captivated blonde with their
  spermy juices.  
Alison's gratefully sucking lips overflow with her Master's fishy, bitter
  tasting semen, which rolls in rivulets down her trembling chin as she does
  her best to swallow it all, her slender throat working&hellip; Her eagerly
  squeezing and quivering bowels cling and clutch her cruel tormentor's burning
  twitching shaft, vacuuming the come from his hot hairy nuts as the beautiful
  babe writhes with delight in her bondage, her whitely-shaved belly quaking
  with the force of the multiple orgasms that rock her&hellip; wishing only for
  something to fill her emptily spasming and neglected cunt. Slate pulls his
  slowly softening erection out of her mouth, wiping his slimy dick on her face
  as Luis' coffee-colored cock pops out of her weary asshole. Finally, it is
  over, at least for the moment&hellip; A thin rivulet of blood mixed with come
  runs from the prostrate and shattered slave girl's battered and overworked
  rectum down the crack of her slit, dripping onto the white vinyl of the bondage
  bench beneath her.  
Fiona steps over to Slate, wiping him clean with a wet towel as he tucks
  his big hairy pecker back into his pants. "I hope you enjoyed that, Alison,
  because that's what you're going to get every night from now on. You will entertain
  me and whatever friends or associates I choose. Don't think that they'll be
  only men, either. Fiona will have to give you further instruction on the arts
  of pleasing a woman. I'm certain that your nightly whipping will help you to
  remember your place, and serve them dutifully with your mouth, your pussy,
  and especially your ass, which I intend to see is penetrated regularly. Tomorrow,
  Spider will return to pierce your hot little cunt with my rings, as tokens
  of your enslavement. I am happy to see that you are beginning to enjoy your
  injections, since they will be a regular part of your routine, as well as a
  regimen of strict bondage and corset training. Even in sleep you will wear
  my chains, to remind you of your servitude. Sweet dreams, Alison, you sniveling
  little cunt&hellip;"  
Alison absorbs this diatribe in trembling and fearful acquiescence, knowing
  that she should cry out in protest, denying her own complicity in the process
  of her enslavement, but somehow she is unable to speak. Any words from her
  would be futile, in the light of the glaringly obvious way her eagerly receptive
  body has betrayed her. Much as she wants to deny it, there has been as much
  sweetness as pain in her captivity, and the gut-tightening terror she has felt
  seems only to enhance the rapture of surrender. In truth she has never felt
  more brilliantly alive or more thrillingly happy to be female. Already she
  realizes she is looking forward to more&hellip; more of everything. More bondage
  and discipline, more piercing and injections, and especially more and more
  fucking. Being forcibly drugged and kept in tight bondage leaves her in a state
  of constant state of anxious readiness and anticipation, her nakedly shaved
  cunt always wet and her body hungry for cock and more cock. No doubt Slate
  is aware of this&hellip; he seems to know her better than she knows herself.
  Finally, she timidly stammers out a "Good night, Sir&hellip;" as her erstwhile
  boss and his flunkies arrange their clothing and get ready to leave the apartment. "Fiona,
  get this funky little cocksucking slut cleaned up, feed her and put her to
  bed&hellip;" the steely-eyed exec commands as he briskly strides out the door,
  his three lunky henchmen stumbling at his heels.  
"Please, Mistress&hellip; let me out of this thing&hellip; I have to go&hellip; you
  know&hellip;" begs the gang-banged blonde. Fiona bustles around, undoing the
  various straps and chains that hold the captive girl to the bondage device.
  When she is finally free of the thing, Alison is almost too weak and fucked-out
  to walk. Fiona fastens her hands to the ring on her collar and takes her by
  the elbow, leading her to the bathroom. The captive receptionist immediately
  squats on the toilet, discharging a wad of sperm from her blustering asshole
  as she relieves her pent-up bladder. "Stay right there, honey&hellip; we might
  as well clean that shit out of you right now&hellip;" proclaims the brunette.
  Alison is subjected to a good douching and enema, quickly cleaned out fore
  and aft, leaving her fresh once more and finally contracting her overworked
  and stretched-out sphincter muscles. Helping the whipped girl up from the commode,
  her keeper walks her over to the bath-shower stall. "I think just a quick shower
  will do&hellip;" the kinky black-haired bitch announces as she begins unlacing
  her roommate's corset, allowing Alison to take a deep breath for the first
  time in ages and relax the muscles of her belly and lower back as she sighs
  in relief.  
Fiona peels the garment away, disconnecting the garters and brushing the
  pink-white stockings down her legs. Taking a tiny key from the chain she wears
  at her belt, she unlocks the ankle straps of Alison's fetishistic high-heeled
  bondage shoes and slips them off along with the ruined stockings. Then she
  removes the silly pink bow from the blonde's long and somewhat matted hair.
  Alison is now completely naked, except for the collar and cuffs and the rings
  through her pretty pink nipples, which have begun to hurt like the dickens
  again. She winces as Fiona accidentally brushes a hand against one. "Don't
  worry, I'll give you something after your shower to make you feel better&hellip;" Much
  as she dreads the needles, Alison has developed a craving for the drugs all
  right and for the soothing relief and warm glow they bring her, taking her
  mind away from the aches and pains of her abused body, the throbbing of her
  nipples around the thick silver rings.  
Fiona takes the shivering slave girl and stands her up in the shower, fastening
  her wrist cuffs to a ring in the ceiling. She takes the shower-massage unit
  off its mount on the wall and sprays up and down her tethered captive, wetting
  her hair and giving her a shampoo, then gently washing the tightly-stretched
  blonde all over, soaping her up with a sponge and then rinsing her down. Even
  the contact of the mildly warm water with her whipped rear end makes the submissive
  secretary aware of just how severely she has been beaten. The dark purplish
  stripes of the crop stand out vividly against the overall whiteness of her
  equine buttocks. Alison takes a look over her shoulder, seeing herself in the
  mirrored wall behind her. These marks and the rings that glint from the tips
  of her well-rounded breasts proclaim boldly her new status in life. Sex slave.
  She feels absurdly proud of his marks upon her, hoping only that she has pleased
  him by accepting them. Indeed there's nothing like a good whipping to instill
  the proper attitude in slave girls.  
Fiona removes what's left of Alison's smeared and streaked make-up with a
  couple of oily pads and washes off the residue. She takes off the long dangly
  earrings the captive girl still wears. Her blonde roommate is now completely
  clean inside and out and actually feeling somewhat refreshed although very
  tired and sore and looking very pale without any make-up on her face. Fiona
  dries her and then leaves her hanging there naked for a minute or two as she
  leaves the room. Alison bites her lip but says nothing when her mistress returns
  with her hypodermic gear, filling up a couple of syringes. The brunette sinks
  the one inch needle right up behind her captive's achingly sensitive pierced
  nipple, instantly relieving the worst of the pain, making the blonde feel relaxed
  and lethargic. Repeating this process on the naked submissive's other breast,
  Fiona then puts her needles aside and applies some ointment to the punctures
  through Alison's tits, to help the wounds heal and prevent infection. Fiona
  then takes her limply unresisting prisoner back to the bedroom, standing her
  in front of the floor-length mirror by the door. Passively she allows her governess
  to slip a white satin corset-slip over her, lacing it tightly at the back.
  Although not nearly as severe as the one she had been wearing earlier, this
  garment still reduces her already slender waist by several inches, the white
  satin skirt billowing out around her bare legs. "It's important that you be
  kept corseted twenty four hours a day&hellip;" Fiona explains&hellip; "Otherwise
  your body just returns to its normal shape within a few hours and then tomorrow
  we just have to start all over again." At least this design offers a little
  more freedom of movement, and its not too constricting as long as you stand
  or sit up nice and straight. She is given a pair of white high heeled maribou
  slippers, which the docile blond slips on her feet. "Let's go have some supper&hellip;" the
  kinky dark-haired bitch suggests, taking Alison by her still-cuffed wrists&hellip; "You
  need to keep your strength up."  
A light but appetizing dinner has been prepared, grilled salmon or something
  like that, and is waiting on trays on the coffee table in the living room.
  Alison gingerly sits down on the couch, in full view of the whipping post and
  bondage bench where she had been fastened not an hour before, momentarily shuddering
  at the memory of the terrible punishment she had received there. Nevertheless,
  she is surprised to find that she is ravenously hungry, having eaten virtually
  nothing since breakfast. Cautiously, she waits, not picking up her fork until
  Fiona does&hellip; "Go ahead&hellip; eat!&hellip;" says her captor, smirking
  at the cowed blonde's hesitancy. Alison digs in as best she can with her fettered
  hands, although she is already getting better at doing things this way, adjusting
  to being tied and moving gracefully within her bonds. The tightly laced corset
  makes it slightly difficult to swallow, but she quickly polishes off her meal
  and drains her glass thirstily. Meanwhile, Fiona is chattering on about this
  and that just as if this were any other normal day and they had just gotten
  home from the office. The two roommates sharing dinner and sitting in front
  of the TV, which is now on and blaring some inane situation comedy. The total
  incongruousness of the whole situation momentarily takes Alison aback, and
  she sits there silent and lost as her roommate's idle chitchat falls on deaf
  ears. "Hey wake up, Alison&hellip; it's time for bed&hellip;" her mistress
  announces, breaking into her reverie.  
Although it is still only ten o'clock or so, the lovely but drained and battered
  blonde is happy to be led back to her bed, looking forward to nothing so much
  as a long rest and the forgetfulness of sleep. Maybe this is all just some
  kind of horrible sick nightmare, she hopes forlornly. Maybe I'll wake up tomorrow
  and everything will be normal again. But the rings in her nipples and the welts
  on her behind remind her that this is no dream. This is real life&hellip; her
  life from now on. "Better go pee before I chain you to the bed&hellip;" Fiona
  reminds her. "If you wake me up in the middle of the night, you'll regret it&hellip;" Alison
  obediently goes and squats over the bowl, struggling to wipe herself with her
  bound hands. "Make it snappy, you little bitch&hellip;" Fiona calls. The well-whipped
  and docile blonde hurries to comply, returning to the bedroom and sitting herself
  down on the big four-poster bed, now studded all over with rings and hooks,
  and kicking off her slippers.  
Her mistress pushes her down on her back, leaning over her on the bed to
  fasten the girl's cuffed hands to the ring on the front of her collar, so that
  they are joined as if in prayer. Then she fastens the collar to a ring in the
  middle of the headboard by eighteen inches of chain or so. There's enough slack
  so that  
Alison can shift position in her sleep without constantly choking herself.
  The rest of her body from the shoulders down is unfettered and feels helplessly
  vulnerable, the stripes on her rear achingly sensitive where they press against
  the satin sheets beneath her. Fiona reaches down, pulling up the sheer skirt
  of the corset-slip to cup Alison's naked cunt in her hand, ordering the bound
  girl to raise and spread her legs. It has been two days since Slate shaved
  her with the straight razor and a slight stubble is just starting to make itself
  felt on the smoothness of her lusciously curved little mound. Her kinky guardian
  notices this as she runs her fingers over the blonde's sensitive slit, toying
  with her.  
"Getting a little scratchy down there, aren't we, pumpkin?" sez the smirking
  dominant. "This will never do&hellip; Shaving is nice, but it really only lasts
  for a couple of days. I've got a dipilitory cream that will leave you hairless
  forever. Of course it burns a little, but that's such a small price to pay.
  I'll have to give you a treatment before Spider gets here tomorrow to ring
  your pussy. I know he likes to have a nice clean cunt to work on&hellip;" Fiona
  goes on, slipping a few fingers between her defensively moistening inner labia,
  teasing her soon-to-be-pierced clit into attention, making the freshly-scared
  blonde jerk in her chains. "Just thought I'd give you something to think about
  before you go to sleep&hellip; sweet dreams, cutie&hellip;" the sadistic bitch
  says mockingly, withdrawing her rubber-gloved fingers from Alison's freshly-inflamed
  sex. "Be a good girl, now&hellip;" "Yes, Mistress Fiona&hellip;" the submissive
  receptionist replies meekly as her teasing captor pulls her skirt back down
  over her lowered legs and draws the covers up over her, tucking her in for
  the night.  
Alison is relieved to finally be alone as her mistress leaves the room and
  shuts out the lights. In the dimness she can see little glints reflected off
  the shiny black leather whips and paddles hanging on the wall. She shifts position,
  curling up on her side and taking the weight off her still burning buttocks,
  unconsciously squeezing and rubbing her thighs together to relieve the aching
  need in her freshly-awakened clit. Fiona's teasing manipulations have left
  her hanging on the edge of another, final orgasm. Her taunting words and the
  fear they inspire only add poignancy to the rush of hot arousal that tightens
  in her belly. Alison squirms around on the bed, wishing she could touch herself
  but excited by the fact that she can't, delighting in her helplessness as she
  rhythmically contracts her spasming pussy and bumps and grinds her hips, her
  eyes closed and her mouth open as images of the past two days rush through
  her mind.  
She sees long chrome needles approaching her, piercing her quivering sex
  flesh and injecting her with mind-warping doses of powerfully stimulating and
  addictive drugs. The slash of Slate's whip across her cheeks as she looks back
  over her shoulder at his sternly set face. Herself subserviently sucking on
  her Master's dick as his three goons pound up her clenching behind, the sight
  of herself in the full length mirror, severely corseted and decked out in her
  bizarrely exciting bondage attire with a twelve inch butt plug locked up her
  ass. The shining silver rings in her newly-pierced nipples throb within her.
  Right now the throbbing is warm and pleasant. She imagines Spider as he touches
  the tip of his needle to her defenseless and madly quivering clit, ruthlessly
  thrusting it through the most sensitive part of her, enslaving her sweetly-shaved
  little cunt forever with his cruelly gleaming silver rings. The lovely young
  blonde clenches her teeth and whimpers quietly as the first wave of orgasm
  breaks within her, making her rattle her chains as her girlish slit tightens
  up in a knot of frightened ecstasy. The blood pounds in her temples and she
  bites down on the pillow to stifle her moans&hellip; then gradually the intensity
  of the moment fades and she sinks into a black cloud of unconsciousness, her
  hips still reflexively churning in the afterglow.  
Across town in his penthouse apartment, Slate watches her unwitting performance
  through closed-circuit TV. The hidden cameras in her room automatically adjust
  to low light conditions and record every detail of Alison's actions. Slate
  rubs his hands together in satisfaction, pleased with the way his behavior-modification
  plan is progressing. He's got the little bitch loving it, jerking herself off
  in her chains just thinking of what he's going to do to her tomorrow. He has
  her craving the pain and humiliation now&hellip; needing the domination and
  control&hellip; needing the needle and the whip. She is going to make a great
  little sex toy, and a stunning addition to his stable of whores when he gets
  tired of playing with her. As long as she is kept in bondage, drugged and whipped,
  she can't keep herself from responding with sluttish eagerness to any cock
  that penetrates her. The little honey was made for this, and he intends to
  exploit every bit of her potential. Slate slowly sips his single malt scotch,
  savoring his plans for Alison's future, knowing the best part is that they're
  all going to come true.  

CHAPTER Six 
Alison awakens early the next morning, her whole body aching from the abuse
  it has been subjected to and her nerves feeling shattered and shot. Her mouth
  tastes like a sewer and she has a burning need to pee. She needs desperately
  to be released from the chain that holds her to the bed. "FIONA&hellip; FIONA
  PLEASE&hellip; HELP ME&hellip;"  
she calls out loudly, momentarily forgetting the rules of her captivity in
  her haste. A minute or two later, her sultry roommate saunters into the room,
  still tying the belt of a black satin robe around her waist and rubbing the
  sleep from her eyes. "What did you call me?" she demands sharply. "What's my
  name? Not only have you woken me up too fucking early, but you forgot to address
  me by my proper title, you stupid cunt!"  
"I&hellip; I'm sorry, Mistress&hellip; M&hellip; Mistress Fiona&hellip;" the
  humbled girl stammers, aware of her total dependence on her wardress and of
  the fact that she has displeased her. "Shut the fuck up, Alison. There will
  be a punishment for that later&hellip;" the dark-haired bitch promises her
  anxiously squirming captive. "I'll make sure you never forget my title again.
  Just you wait&hellip; meanwhile, you can wear this leash for the rest of the
  morning." Fiona reaches into the trunk full of gear behind her and pulls out
  an eighteen inch length of thin silver chain with a clip on either end and
  a thin white leather dog leash. She reaches inside the bra cups of Alison's
  nightie and clips the chain to the rings dangling from her achingly tender
  pierced nipples, hooking the leash to the middle of the chain. She reaches
  down and unfastens the blonde's hands from the headboard but leaves them clipped
  together in front of her. "So our little pussy-slave doesn't feel well this
  morning, huh? Let's walk you to the bathroom and let you do your business.
  Then I think I know what you need to make you feel better. Come along, now,
  bitch doggie&hellip;" Fiona jerks on the leash, sending a jolt of burning pain
  through her roommate's skewered tits, bringing tears to her lovely prisoner's
  eyes and making her sit up in a hurry.  
"No&hellip; don't walk&hellip; get down on your knees and crawl&hellip;" the
  pissed-off brunette demands. "Hurry up, goddam it." Alison awkwardly humps
  along behind her mistress like an inchworm on the floor, her cuffed hands making
  progress more difficult as Fiona mercilessly tugs on the chain connected to
  her nipple rings. By the time they reach the toilet, the girl's face is already
  streaked with her tears. "So our little puppy has to go potty, huh?" her mistress
  taunts her. "Sit up and beg me for it like a fucking dog or I swear I'll rip
  your rings out." The terrified slave girl hastens to comply with this humiliating
  ultimatum, getting up on her knees and hanging her cuffed hands in front of
  her chest, hanging her tongue out like a pathetic puppy and looking up at her
  angry nursemaid imploringly. "That's a good little doggie&hellip;" Fiona smirks,
  patting her on the head patronizingly. "Now go ahead and squat."  
Alison pisses long and loudly, immensely relieved to ease the pressure in
  her burning bladder. Fiona then gets her back up on her feet and allows her
  to brush her teeth, have a gargle of mouthwash  
 and wash the sleep from her eyes. She still looks a little haggard&hellip; a
  little stressed. "Now crawl back to your bed, little slut-puppy. It's time
  for your morning medicine. You're gonna take it like a good girl. Right in
  your precious little quim. We might as well start getting you ready for Spider&hellip;" The
  degraded blonde is quick to obey, mindful of the pain her mistress can cause
  with just one flick of her wrist on the leash&hellip; The blackened and raised
  welts of Slate's crop on her buttocks are readily apparent through the filmy
  white fabric of the blonde's corset-nightie as she grovels along behind with
  her wiggling butt in the air, chafing her knees on the carpet.  
Fiona orders the girl back into bed, laying her down on her back and stretching
  her cuffed wrists above her head to refasten them to the headboard. She unclips
  the leash from the chain connecting Alison's pierced nipples, but leaves the
  chain in place, the steel links cold against her skin as they lie in the valley
  of Alison's cleavage. The dark-haired dominant then goes back to the chest
  in the corner, pulling out a pair of ankle cuffs and locking them around her
  captive. Raising and spreading the blonde's shapely legs, her mistress then
  chains her ankles to a couple of rings mounted in the side rails of the bed,
  about level with her hips. The girl's knees are now doubled up above her and
  her crotch is opened wide, her inner workings completely exposed.  
"Don't go away, now&hellip; I'll be right back&hellip;" Fiona mocks her as
  she gets up and leaves the room, leaving her prisoner to lie there squirming
  helplessly, dreading her return. In a moment she is back with her silver tray,
  which she sets down on top of the vanity bench, pulling it up beside the bed.
  The chained submissive whimpers in apprehension as her kinky nursemaid goes
  about filling a few syringes and fixing one and two-inch needles to their ends. "Please,
  Mistress&hellip; Please don't&hellip;" she begs&hellip; "Not down there&hellip; not
  in my pussy&hellip;" "Didn't I tell you to shut up?" Fiona demands angrily&hellip; Just
  you wait till I'm done with this. I'm gonna take my whip to your disobedient
  little cunt. What do you think about that, huh? Got anything more to say?" Alison
  bites her lip, meekly shaking her head. As the first needle approaches her
  tender slit, the innocent-looking blonde closes her eyes, unable to watch.
  Fiona places the palm of her left hand on top of the blonde's slightly stubbly
  mound, pushing up on the skin to raise the girl's clit and spread her inner
  labia. Alison winces and squeaks as she feels the sharpness of the needle driving
  up underneath the hood of her clit, sinking deep into her feminine erection
  until the chrome nut at the base of the needle is pressed up hard against the
  pinkness of her inner flesh. Fiona slowly depresses the plunger of the syringe,
  squeezing out a couple of ccs there and waiting for it to take effect. Within
  seconds a warm glow is blossoming there, easing the pain of the lance as it
  probes this way and that into the root of her clitoral shaft, injecting more
  liquid tingling inside her. A dreamy and excited glow is building in her belly,
  creeping up her spine and making the back of her head feel warm. Her face relaxes,
  taking on a look of docile sensuality as she abandons herself to the rush that
  flows through her body, banishing her aches and pains and the sick headachey
  feeling she woke up with. Fiona was right&hellip; she needed this.  
By this time her dark-haired mistress is emptying a second syringe into her,
  probing deep in her clit shaft and up inside her, working her way around inside
  her gasping slave girl's open cunt. By the time she pulls the second needle
  out, Alison is floating away on a warm billowy cloud. Fiona thrusts a couple
  of fingers up the blonde's suddenly wet and responsive pussy, reaching up with
  her thumb to strum the slave girl's tingling clit. "Now you feel better, don't
  you honey&hellip; You want to be a good girl for me now, don't you?" "Y&hellip;Yes,
  Mistress&hellip;. I'll be good&hellip; I promise I'll be good&hellip;" the
  shackled blonde gasps, tossing her head around as Fiona probes her clenching
  pussy. "You bet your ass you will&hellip; Now let's get some breakfast. I've
  got to start getting you dressed and ready."  
With that she withdraws her hand from the slave girl's spasming twat, wiping
  her hands daintily on a moist towelette, leaving Alison highly aroused but
  unsatisfied. She takes off the ankle cuffs and then unfastens the blonde's
  wrists from above her head, clipping them together again behind her back as
  she helps the girl sit up on the bed. "Come along, little slut puppy&hellip;" Fiona
  commands sarcastically, refastening the stoned out slave's leash to her nipple
  chain. Alison slips her feet into the high-heeled slippers, balancing carefully
  with her arms fastened behind her. Her ringed tits are thrust out invitingly
  by the backward pull of her bound arms as Fiona leads her by the leash into
  the kitchen, the weight of the chain and the leash tugging on her sensitive
  pierced nippies. Her Mistress sits her down at the breakfast counter, turning
  away to warm up something in the microwave. "Are you going to keep me tied
  like this all day, Mistress?" the shackled blonde asks innocently, wiggling
  her cuffed hands around behind her and squirming her still-aroused little twat
  around on the shiny red vinyl of the stool underneath her. "Shut up and eat,
  you teasing little slut&hellip;" Fiona orders her roughly, setting a bowl of
  hot steaming oatmeal-like glop down in front of her and picking up a tablespoon.  
"Now open wide&hellip;" Alison's dark-eyed mistress seizes her pony tail
  and pulls her head back, immediately starting to shovel the sweetish but bland
  gruel into her mouth like a man filling a wheelbarrow. "Got to keep your strength
  up, cookie&hellip; that's it&hellip; eat it all up&hellip;" she croons as she
  force-feeds the protein and nutrient fortified mush into the startled slavegirl's
  gulping gasping mouth. Alison struggles to swallow the stuff as fast as her
  mistress is feeding it to her and keep it from running down her chin. "GLURK&hellip; GLORK&hellip; GLURK&hellip;" Soon
  the glass bowl is empty. "Good doggie&hellip;" Fiona remarks sardonically,
  holding a plastic travel-cup filled with a similarly bland and sweetish beverage
  up to the blonde's lips, allowing her to drink from the attached straw. "Hurry
  up, hotpants&hellip; we've got a lot to do this morning. Don't think I've forgotten
  about your punishment. Just wait till you feel my whip on your pussy&hellip; But
  I want to have you freshly depilated first. We're going to remove that annoying
  stubble permanently. It's just amazing the progress they've made with lotions
  these days."  
Alison hurriedly finishes her drink as her mistress refastens the leash to
  her nipple chain. She is led back to the doorframe by the bathroom, where she
  is stripped naked and her pierced little rosebuds are fastened tightly to the
  ring up above her head by another length of chain, stretching them slightly
  as the slave girl bites her lip in discomfort. After her wrist and ankle cuffs
  are removed, her nursemaid commands her sharply to stand there with her legs
  spread, reminding the girl that she is already annoyed with her and punctuating
  her orders with a warning tug on the nipple chain which makes Alison wince.
  Even though her hands and feet are now free, the enslaved receptionist can't
  make a move without ripping the rings from her flesh. Fiona scoots up between
  her knees with one of those wheeled stools like they have in doctor's offices
  so that she's sitting directly in front of the girl's helpless and moistly
  receptive cunt. Pulling up a wheeled metal table like those used in an examining
  room, puts on a pair of rubber gloves that is sitting there on the tabletop
  and opens up a large jar filled with some kind of glistening jelly. Fiona toys
  with her captive a moment, running her rubbery finger up and down in her slit,
  getting it wet, easing it into her squirmy pussy. Soon a second finger joins
  in, and Alison's mouth is open, her hips trying to thrust back, get those fingers
  in there deeper&hellip; She hardly even flinches when her mistress removes
  one of her digits from her squishy vagina and works it up her tight little
  ass hole, making the girl squirm on her stiffly impaling digits.  
Fiona takes a generous dollop of the sticky greenish goo in her other hand
  and plops it down right on Alison's lower belly and mound, immediately spreading
  it around, coating the blonde with a nice even layer. It just feels cold, wet
  and gooey. Like a fungus the green glop slowly spreads all over the immobilized
  receptionist as Fiona withdraws her fingers from her hot squirmy holes and
  gets to work with both hands, slowly and methodically covering the blonde from
  neck to toes with the stuff, scooting around the girl from front to back, ordering
  her to raise her arms over her head and keep them there so she can smear the
  stuff over her armpits. Alison does her best not to squirm as she is coated
  all over with a shimmering layer of this green slime, since every movement
  sends a twinge of painFiona has made careful note of the time. You don't want
  to leave this gloop on for more than ten minutes or you could get a nasty burn&hellip; Speaking
  of burning, Alison has begun to notice that the shimmery glop that is coating
  her seems to be heating up as it sits on her skin. Right now it's just a nice
  warm glow, but it seems to still be getting hotter, and her skin is tingling
  like crazy all over. Fiona keeps up a running commentary&hellip; "Just one
  treatment with this depilatory and inhibitor and you'll be 90% hair free forever.
  So even when it eventually grows back in a few weeks or so there will hardly
  be anything, and by the third treatment the effects will be pretty much permanent.
  There's nothing more useless than body hair on a slave girl. Now you'll be
  soft and smooth forever. Of course they tell me it stings a little&hellip;"  
As a matter of fact it is starting to sting more than a little by the end
  of eight minutes or so, and Alison is starting to squirm and writhe around
  in discomfort, feeling as if she is being stung all over by angry bees. Fiona
  leaves her hanging there for a minute as she goes into the bathroom and turns
  on the shower, adjusting it to a gentle lukewarm spray. "Just one more minute,
  my dear, and then you can wash off all that nasty goo." "Oh please, Mistress&hellip; please&hellip;" Alison
  snivels abjectly, trembling in torment and rattling her chains as her whole
  body seems encased in fire and the green glop eats into her very pores, exterminating
  her hair follicles at the roots. By the time Fiona reattaches her nipple leash
  and takes her down from the doorframe, she has to stifle an urge to run for
  the shower to keep from ripping the rings out of her tits. Fiona forces her
  to crawl slowly behind her into the bathroom and stands her uneasy captive
  up underneath the running water, fastening her nipple chain once more to one
  of a number of rings in the wall of the shower stall, letting it finally rinse
  the burning green glop off her body and down the drain as the tormented blonde
  sighs in relief. Even after the stuff is washed off her whole body still tingles,
  her skin all over as nakedly hairless as an egg and slightly pinkish as though
  she had gotten a mild sunburn.  
Fiona lets her stand under the lukewarm shower for a good five minutes or
  so, making sure that the stinging depilatory is thoroughly washed off and allowing
  the girl to cool the maddening burning of her flesh. At a command from her
  mistress the shapely blonde dutifully shampoos her hair as her roommate bustles
  around in the background, once more preparing her daily douche and enema. Alison
  squirms inwardly at the thought of having to submit to this degrading ritual,
  and with her hands and feet free like this it is very tempting to try and resist&hellip; As
  is divining her thoughts, Fiona warns her&hellip; "Go ahead and make a move,
  darling&hellip; I'm sure Tony or one of the other guys down the hall would
  be delighted to lend me a hand in subduing you. You've already earned yourself
  one punishment this morning&hellip; I'd love to have an excuse to give you
  some more&hellip;"  
With the memory of last night's entertainments still fresh in her mind, Alison
  has no desire to encounter  
Slate's goon squad again anytime soon. There will be more men today&hellip; of
  that she is certain. Men who will use her like a whore, men who will fuck her
  roughly in her pussy and up her ass, men who will punish her and make her cry.
  The mere knowledge that she may be taken and used by anyone at any time according
  to her Master's whim keeps her in a more or less constant state of defensive
  arousal and suspense. Slate promised her that she was going to get fucked a
  lot, every day, and so far she hasn't been disappointed, if that's the proper
  word. No less than five different men used her yesterday. How many will she
  be forced to entertain today?  
Apprehensively, she bends over for her double cleansing, whining slightly
  as Fiona forces the thick phallic nozzles up her still slightly sore pussy
  and rear entrance, taking it in both holes at once and doing her best to relax
  and just accept the flow of steamy water that floods into her. It just hurts
  more if you fight it. Thankfully, her mistress unfastens her from the ring
  in the wall and allows her to expel the gut-cramping colonic without too much
  delay, instead of making her hold it and hold it like she did the day before.
  Still, by the time she is finished with her business on the toilet, the captive
  blonde feels weak and drained and totally humiliated.  
"Alright, cupcake&hellip; enough of this dilly-dallying around&hellip;" announces
  Fiona briskly, refastening Alison's leash. Listlessly she allows Fiona to lead
  her back to the living room area and the white vinyl bondage bench, still crawling
  on her hands and knees, neither knowing or caring what comes next&hellip; In
  a matter of moments she is strapped down flat on her back, her hands fastened
  high above her head to straps at the top of the apparatus. A wide white belt
  holds her waist down tightly to the bench, and her legs are fastened up into
  the restraining stirrups so that she is positioned as if for a gynecological
  examination, with her knees drawn up and her entire crotch area rudely pulled
  open and exposed. The slight breeze from the air-conditioning vents feels cool
  against her recently-denuded and extra sensitive skin, raising goosebumps.
  The shackled blonde just lies there passively staring into space, unable to
  do anything other than wiggle her hips slightly from side to side. This just
  seems to irritate the welts on her backside, so she quickly gives up and just
  lays still.  
Noting the blonde's somewhat dazed and unresponsive condition, her black
  rubber-clad mistress decides that a little pick-me-up is in order. She leaves
  the room for a moment, returning with her silver tray and a fresh syringe full
  of liquid ecstasy, screwing a glittering two inch needle on the tip and setting
  it down on a low table to one side of the bondage bench. She then sits herself
  down on one of those low wheeled stools like you see in a doctor's office and
  scoots herself up between the captive slave girl's widely splayed legs, placing
  one of her rubber-gloved hands on the defenseless blonde's smoothly hairless
  mound. Alison's eyes pop open at this, startled momentarily out of her reverie.
  The black-haired bitch reaches down with her thumb and strokes her captive's
  clit experimentally, insinuating a finger between the folds of the girl's inner
  labia to spread some moisture up there&hellip; Alison just stares back at her
  dully, seemingly withdrawn somewhere deep inside herself. It's no fun when
  they're unresponsive like this. Fortunately Fiona has the cure ready to hand.  
With her left hand, Fiona works two of her black rubber-gloved fingers into
  the tightly bound slave girl's twin openings at once, impaling her on her stiffly
  probing digits and holding her very very still as with the other hand she takes
  up her 5cc syringe, full to the brim with Slate's special blend of synthetic
  liquid dynamite. Alison whimpers, knowing what's coming but totally powerless
  to do anything to avoid it as Fiona smirks down at her, using her left thumb
  to raise and peel back the girl's clitoral hood.  
The captive blonde winces and scrunches her eyes closed tightly as she feels
  the first quarter inch of the needle driving up&hellip; up underneath her clit
  hood and into the bundle of nerves that lead to her little joy button, her
  insides contracting with fear around the fingers that spear her fore and aft,
  amusing her mistress. Fiona slowly depresses the plunger, squeezing out a little
  dose of potent stimulant/narcotic right there just inside her, waiting a moment
  as a pleasant warm glow starts to suffuse the area, then stabbing deeper into
  the helpless babe's smooth cunt flesh. Bit by bit she works the whole two inches
  of gleaming chrome needle deeper up and into the gasping Alison's clitoral
  shaft, stopping every quarter inch or so to squeeze out more dope as she goes.  
 "You might as well get used to the feeling of having steel down inside your
  clit like this, honey&hellip; once Spider gets done piercing you you'll be
  wearing it permanently&hellip;" the brunette bitch proclaims as she drives
  home the last millimeter of her lance, the chrome nut at the base of it bumping
  up against the underside of Alison's now madly jumping joy button and injecting
  the last couple of ccs of solution way down deep there inside the core of her
  feminine nerve center. Alison is panting by now and rolling her eyes, her insides
  spasmodically pumping and contracting around her mistress's fingers as her
  cunt and asshole begin to respond pleasurably to the probing digits stirring
  within her. Once again the bound girl is forced to marvel at the power of this
  drug, feeling a billowing warmth and contentment and a breathless excitement
  all at once that builds inside her like a rising tide, sweeping all before
  it. Whatever her thoughts or feelings of five minutes ago, they have become
  irrelevant&hellip; she wants only to come&hellip; unconsciously she tries to
  press herself against the needle, wanting it deeper now&hellip; deeper inside
  her&hellip; Alison has her eyes closed and she is digging it now, moaning and
  burbling to herself as she thrashes her head around, getting herself off on
  her mistress' probing fingers in her rapidly moistening pussy and up her ass,
  the needle buried deep inside her clit making it throb and burn with desire
  around its implacable steely hardness.  
Fiona unscrews the now empty syringe from the flange of the needle, leaving
  it buried two inches deep inside her weakly twitching sex slave. "Since you
  seem to be enjoying this so much, you can just keep wearing it for a while&hellip; it
  will be good practice for you." she announces, giving the exposed nut of the
  needle a contemptuous little flick with her thumb. Alison shudders in fear,
  or is it excitement, or both? The brunette changes her grip, working another
  finger into each of the writhing slave girl's loosening apertures, feeling
  them squirm and clutch around her as she pumps them in and out. That is all
  Alison needs to push her over the edge, grunting and gritting her teeth as
  her insides lock around her mistress' penetrating digits, bright pinwheels
  of joy exploding behind her tightly shut eyes. In truth, this come has been
  building up in her since before breakfast, when Fiona's fingers and probing
  injections first inflamed her and brought her to readiness, only to leave her
  hanging, teasing her and then letting her down, then teasing her again, toying
  with her and keeping her in suspense&hellip;  
"Oh but I forgot&hellip;" Fiona says, finally withdrawing her moist fingers
  from the bound girl's openly yielding sex holes&hellip; "You're supposed to
  be punished&hellip; Did I give you permission to come? Well, did I?" "N&hellip; N&hellip; No,
  Mistress&hellip;" the fawning sex slave replies, unaware up until now that
  such permission was required. "From now on, you are not permitted to come unless
  you are given permission by myself or the Boss&hellip;" she announces sharply. "Every
  time you do you will be disciplined for it, starting right now. Don't try to
  fool us&hellip; I know the look you get on your face when your silly little
  twat starts tightening up&hellip; Disobedient little cunts will get punished&hellip; with
  this!&hellip;" The dark-haired dominant reaches over to the rack of bondage
  instruments hanging there on the wall of what used to be their living room,
  selecting a short leather whip, more or less like a small cat-o-nine-tails
  only with flat straps about one inch wide and a foot long instead of thongs
  and a short six inch wooden handle. She lays the straps of the whip down on
  Alison's freshly depilated and extra-sensitive mound, dragging the leather
  straps down and up between the lips of the trembling girl's helplessly quivering
  slit, teasing her needle-pierced clit and making the captive blonde bite her
  lip and shake her head. "You're going to get your pussy whipped now, you naughty
  little sex puppy, like only another woman knows how to do it. Men just don't
  have the patience&hellip;"  
So saying, Fiona pushes her little stool back a bit between Alison's
    tightly doubled-up legs to give herself room for a better swing. She twirls
    the straps of the little cat around in the air, finally smacking them down
    solidly on the helplessly bound and exposed girl's wet pussy lips and freshly
    depilated mound. THWACK! A solid hit, but not yet a really hard one.  
  Alison gasps and jumps as much as the belt holding her tightly to the bondage
  bench will allow. The lashes burn, but perhaps even more frightening is the
  way they make the needle still embedded in her clit flesh jiggle around inside
  her. "I think perhaps 25 lashes will be sufficient&hellip;" her mistress announces. "That
  will do for a start, anyway&hellip;" At this news the captive blonde starts
  babbling and pleading&hellip; "Please, mistress, not down there&hellip; please
  not on my&hellip; on my pussy&hellip;" "Stop your whining, Alison, or I'll
  make it fifty&hellip;" Fiona commands her sharply.   
Without further ado, the sultry brunette starts laying into her adorable
  prisoner, spreading burning heat into her nakedly upthrust and immobilized
  twat, making her soft pussy lips ripple with the force of her blows. THWACK!
  THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! Fiona takes her time, waiting a few seconds
  between each swing to let the effects of the previous blow sink in. THWACK!
  THWACK! THWACK! Already Alison's tender feminine parts are starting to swell
  and turn red under the strapping. Much to her relief, the needle buried inside
  her works itself loose under the drubbing and falls to the floor. Helpless
  tears are forming at the corners of the bound slave girl's eyes and rolling
  down her downy cheeks as she sniffles and snivels and tosses her head around.
  Still it goes on&hellip; THWACK! THWACKK! THWACKKK!  
Relentlessly, her mistress keeps up the pace of the flogging, striking the
  tied and now weeping girl a little harder each time, drawing a shrill little
  scream from her captive as the tip of one of her lashes just catches the shackled
  babe's exposed and tender clit, making it burn furiously and swell to twice
  its normal size. THWACK! THWACKK! THWACKKK! The supple leather straps of the
  cat sizzle down on Alison's moistly spread and hairless pussy, which is now
  turning a bright red from all the attention its been getting. THWACK! THWACKK!!
  THWACKKK!!! Fiona goes on strapping her, putting some muscle into it now, beating
  some heat into her captive's sizzling cunt.  
The bound girl is crying freely now as the blows keep raining down on her
  most sensitive area, making her whole crotch swell and throb with burning heat.
  By the 25 th  lash, Alison is sobbing and pleading
  incoherently&hellip; "Please&hellip; Please mistress&hellip; Please Mistress
  Fiona&hellip; " "There&hellip; that should do&hellip;" the dark-haired bitch
  announces grandly, putting her little pussy-whipper aside for the moment.  
Alison's smooth and hairless pussy mound is now flaming in torment and glowing
  a bright magenta all over. The whole area is swollen and throbbing from the
  punishment she has received from her mistress. "So do you think you can remember
  to address me by my proper title from now on, Alison, or do you need further
  encouragement?" her governess demands. "Y&hellip; Yes, M&hellip; M&hellip; Mistress
  Fiona&hellip;" the cowed sex slave stammers out between sniffles&hellip; "N&hellip; N&hellip; No,
  Mistress Fiona&hellip; Please Mistress Fiona&hellip;" "That's a good girl,
  then&hellip;" the sultry brunette murmurs complacently. "To prove your penitence
  you may now serve me with your tongue. Lick my twat, you silly little bitch&hellip; I'm
  sick of you getting all the attention around here, having to nursemaid your
  slutty ass around&hellip; Suck my cunt and make it good, or I'll take my whip
  to your tits next time&hellip;" So saying, the black robed dominant gathers
  up her garment in the front, walking around the bondage bench to squat down
  over Alison's face, shoving her wet smelly and open pussy down on the tied
  and helpless girl's nose and mouth.  
"Go on&hellip; stick your tongue out and lick it, you slut&hellip;" her mistress
  commands her. "You'd better get me off or else&hellip;" The choking submissive
  gets busy in a hurry, darting out her moist pink tongue to stroke up and down
  between her tormentor's pouting pussy lips, teasing her mistress' fat clit
  and bringing forth a gush of cunty-smelling honey from Fiona, who sighs in
  satisfaction as she wiggles her hips around, grinding her open twat on the
  slavegirl's face. "Keep going, my little sex puppy&hellip; that's it&hellip; lick
  it up&hellip; that's it&hellip;" Alison sets to work with energy, wanting desperately
  to please her mistress and avoid any further punishment, terrified of what
  the whip might do to her pierced and tender tits. She whips her delicate pink
  tongue around and around, sucking and nibbling on her keeper's smothering dusky
  cuntflesh. Fiona's face gets all relaxed and dreamy as she rides on Alison's
  slavishly lapping tongue, clamping her thighs tightly around the slurping blonde's
  head as she grits her teeth and comes all over the helplessly tied girl's face,
  letting loose with a thin dribble of piss in her excitement. Alison knows a
  fresh humiliation as she tastes the salty tang of her mistress' piss in her
  mouth. "That's it, you suffering bitch&hellip; lick me clean&hellip;" Fiona
  demands. The punished blonde continues her tongue-twirling, afraid to stop
  until she is ordered to, licking the smelly juices from her wardress' black-haired
  pussy until it is polished with her saliva. "That's a good little puppy&hellip;" her
  mistress says as she finally pulls away. "Now who's the fucking boss around
  here?" "Y&hellip;You are, Mistress&hellip;" Alison whimpers, her punished pussy
  still burning and sore. "Damn right I am&hellip;" Fiona asserts. "Now let's
  get you cleaned up&hellip; You smell like piss&hellip;"  
Alison sighs in relief as she is finally unstrapped from the bondage bench
  and allowed to lower and close her legs. Fiona leads her by the nipple chain
  back to the doorframe, once more fastening her cuffed hands up above her head.
  At least she let her walk this time. The brunette goes back into the bathroom
  and returns with a warm wet washrag, with which she gently wipes her secretions
  from the docile blonde's face. In spite of the pussy whipping she has just
  received, Alison still feels fairly stoned and languorous, if rather sore.
  She gazes at her reflection in the floor-length mirror across from her, the
  redness of her whipped cunt standing out sharply from the alabaster whiteness
  of the rest of her body, as do the five dark slashes of the riding crop still
  evident across her buttocks. A knot of anxiety begins to coil in Alison's belly,
  remembering that her next appointment with Spider and his piercing needles
  is only hours away.  
As if to remind her of this, Fiona takes out a tube of ointment and carefully
  applies it to the punctures in the cuffed girl's bright pink nipples, commenting
  that she is pleased with the way they seem to be healing. In fact some of the
  swelling around the tender buds is already going down and the wounds are not
  nearly as painful as they were the day before, although they are still extremely
  sensitive to the slightest touch or tug on the rings. Alison whimpers as her
  mistress works the rings around inside the holes, making sure that they move
  freely and that the skin inside is not adhering to the silver. "They do look
  lovely on you&hellip; or should I say in you&hellip;" the dark-eyed bitch comments
  as she toys with her captive's pierced tits. "All the slave girls are wearing
  them these days&hellip; I can't wait to see them sparkling in your cute little
  cunt&hellip;"  
Taking up an atomizer, Fiona once more sprays the helpless and stretched-out
  blonde generously with the floral-musky fragrance familiar from the day before,
  perfuming her neck, her breasts, her armpits, and spreading the girl's legs
  to spray the stuff up into her crotch and ass crack, going over each spot twice.
  It stings and burns on Alison's freshly-depilated and naked flesh as it dries,
  making the pretty captive bite her lip and squirm. The blonde hangs there in
  the doorframe, looking after Fiona as her mistress goes off into her frilly
  girlish bedroom, now redecorated with all kinds of bizarre bondage paraphernalia.
  Fiona goes about  
selecting her outfit for the day&hellip; "Virginal white, sweet and innocent&hellip; that's
  the color of the day today&hellip;" the brunette rambles as she picks out her
  prisoner's wardrobe.  
 First a lace trimmed white patent-leather corset with built-in rings and
  attachments for a crotch strap and detachable plugs. Alison has to stretch
  and suck in her belly so that her mistress can fasten the thing around her
  from behind, closing the little hook-and-eye catches in the front. Then Fiona
  sets about lacing it up, tugging the laces tighter and tighter until the edges
  of the garment meet in the back. The corset is extremely severe, reducing the
  bound girl's waist to a mere sixteen inches, accentuating the ripe fullness
  of her breasts in the lacy half-cups of the push-up bra thrusting out above
  and the swell of her hips below. Alison is reduced to taking short panting
  breaths, gasping for air through her open mouth as her body adjusts itself
  to the relentless constriction, feeling as if she is going to faint. "Tight
  enough for you, dear?" her keeper asks her sarcastically as she ties a double
  knot in the laces behind the panting submissive's back. "Ohhh&hellip; Yes,
  Mistress&hellip; Please, mistress&hellip; You're going to break me in half."  
"We'll break you, all right, cupcake&hellip;" Fiona smirks. "Now stay right
  there while I get you some stockings and shoes&hellip; You don't mind hanging
  out for a while, do you?" First come the extra-long sheer white stockings,
  fastened to the corset by eight garters that keep them drawn up tight to the
  very tops of Alison's slender thighs. "Maybe we'll try on some booties today&hellip;" the
  brunette announces, bringing out a pair of extremely narrow and pointy white
  patent lace-up boots with six inch heels, high enough to reach to mid-calf
  and with D-rings built into the backs of the ankles for easy fastening. They
  are deliberately made about a size too small, and Fiona has a job stuffing
  the blonde's delicate feet into the sharply pointed toes, finally lacing them
  up very tightly up the girl's ankles and doubling the laces around the back
  to tie them off with a flourish.  
Alison teeters on the extremely high heels as she if forced to stand on the
  very tips of her toes, all of her weight resting on the balls of her feet.
  Once the boots are securely laced, Fiona fastens them together by the rings
  with a one-foot hobble chain. Alison is now "dressed" and ready to have her
  hair, make-up and nails done. Fiona releases her wrist cuffs from the hook
  over her head and refastens them to a ring in the corset behind her back. She
  then leads the tightly laced and booted blonde to the vanity table by her nipple
  chain. The enslaved secretary can barely walk in her six-inch heels, mincing
  along slowly behind her mistress with her ankle chains jingling. Fiona sits
  the girl down on the vanity bench and clips her fastened wrists to a ring mounted
  in the back side of the the seat so she cannot get up again. The constriction
  of the corset around her waist forces her to sit up very straight as Fiona
  nonchalantly goes about drying and styling her long silky blond hair, giving
  it plenty of mousse and gathering a handful at the top and back to clip a lacy
  white satin bow in place there.  
Next comes the make-up. As before, a very pale foundation accentuates the
  pallor of her skin. Heavy blue and purple eye make-up, pinkish blush and a
  hot pink lipstick exaggerating the fullness of her lips and setting off the
  perfect features of her oval face with a doll-like, doe-eyed innocent effect.
  The perfect "fuck me" face, if you will&hellip; not too sophisticated or mature-looking.
  Fiona pulls her captive's hair back on the sides to fasten on some earrings&hellip; pearls
  today. First she takes her piercing gun and punches two new pearl studs through
  the cartilage of each ear about an eighth of an inch above the holes she made
  yesterday and an eighth of an inch apart, making her lovely captive wince.
  Alison now has a line of seven equally-spaced holes running up the edge of
  each translucent ear and reaching just above the mid-point of their circumference.  
Fiona works her way down Alison's delicately molded ears, inserting larger
  pearl studs in the next two holes, then fastening progressively longer and
  heavier hanging-type earrings in the bottom three piercings, with the bottom
  set long and heavy enough to brush her shoulders. Once again the helpless blonde
  feels as if her ears are totally stuffed and hung with metal. Much like the
  tips of her throbbing tits, which are starting to become painful as the narcotics
  flowing through her bloodstream begin to wear off. "There now&hellip; don't
  you look appealing&hellip;" Fiona remarks&hellip; "So sweet and innocent-looking.
  I almost wish I could fuck you myself. Spider will come in his pants when he
  sees you. Did I mention he's bringing one of his friends along? I think they
  call him Monster or something silly like that. They should be here around noon.
  That should just give us time for me to give you a manicure. Those nails of
  yours are all chipped and besides that they're much too short for a slave girl
  like you."  
Ever alert to her captive's mood swings, Fiona senses that the pierced blonde
  is starting to feel edgy and uncomfortable again, shifting herself around restlessly
  on the bench. "I think you're ready for another booster shot&hellip;" the dominant
  bitch announces. "Just a little something to take the edge off&hellip; I could
  use a little pick me up myself&hellip;" Alison sits there squirming on the
  white-furred vanity bench with her hands still fastened tightly behind her,
  her breasts thrust forward by the backward pull on her shoulders, watching
  anxiously as her mistress fills up another couple of syringes of mind-numbing
  liquid ecstasy.  
With the expertise born of long practice, the brunette sits down, spreads
  her legs and deftly finds a vein on her inner thigh, banging in a dose of strong
  narcotics, sighing in satisfaction as she feels the rush. "Now it's your turn&hellip;" Fiona
  smiles as she gets up and brings her silver tray over, raising the first 5cc
  syringe with its two inch needle towards the captive blonde's aching breast.
  She seizes the girl's right nipple ring between her thumb and forefinger, stretching
  it tightly away from her body, making Alison grimace and involuntarily try
  to rise up in her seat. "Don't move now&hellip;" the brunette commands, "Or
  you might tear your little nippies off&hellip;"  
It's all the blonde can do to try and hold still as the needle spears up
  through the pebbly skin on the underside of her aureole and into the soft tissue
  of her outthrust breast, penetrating an inch or so up behind her nipple into
  the bundle of nerves that leads to the tender pink bud. Fiona squeezes out
  a couple of ccs right there, quickly soothing the ache and throb emanating
  from the ringed tips of the helpless blonde's tit, then thrusting the rest
  of the needle deeper into the soft tissue behind the nipple to inject the rest
  of the drugs deep in the center of her captive's full and rounded breast, probing
  around this way and that to spread the stuff around inside her.  
A warm tingling sensation soon spreads throughout the enslaved young woman's
  bosom, working its way through her bloodstream and up to her brain, draining
  the tension and pain from her body, leaving her once more relaxed and receptive,
  her face once more assuming a docile and yet alert expression as the stimulants
  in the mix bring her reddened and swollen hairless cunt back to tingling life,
  her little man-in-the=boat rising and hardening involuntarily. Alison lets
  her long lashes close gently and opens her mouth to moan softly as her mistress
  empties the second syringe in her other breast, her head spinning as more and
  more drugs rush though her, making her arms and legs feel weak and rubbery.
  She rubs her smoothly hairless pussy against the bench beneath her, enjoying
  the tickle of the fur against her super-sensitive and moistening slit, the
  knot of fear in her belly somehow blending thrillingly with the ache of desire
  that is starting to build within her once more.  
"Don't do that, Alison&hellip;" her mistress commands&hellip; "You'll leave
  a spot. Besides, you know you're forbidden to come without permission&hellip;" Finally,
  Fiona withdraws her probing hypo from the defenseless blonde's other breast,
  leaving her lovely prisoner once more compliantly stoned and sensuously aroused. "Feel
  better now?" "Yes, Mistress, I feel better now&hellip;" admits the sleepy-eyed
  sex slave shyly. "I&hellip; I can't help it&hellip; That stuff just makes me
  forget about everything and want to&hellip;" her voice trails off, unable to
  confess the growing need she feels inside.  
"I know, cupcake&hellip;" her mistress replies&hellip; "I know just what
  you're feeling, you little nympho slut. You're gonna get all the action you
  can handle. Just you wait&hellip; you've got a busy day ahead. For now I think
  we'll just plug up those hot little holes of yours while we do your nails and
  wait for your gentlemen callers to arrive. Would you like that?" Fiona reaches
  down to insert a rubber-gloved finger between the captive girl's smooth pussylips,
  drawing it up to stroke the underside of her quivering clit, spreading her
  slippery cunt-honey up and down inside her slick pink slit. "OOOOOHHHH&hellip;" Alison
  coos as her mistress teases her eagerly responsive feminine erection, her inner
  cunt gushing with sweet-smelling juices. The room is starting to smell of hot
  cunt. "Answer me, Alison&hellip; Would you like to get your pussy and asshole
  plugged? Don't lie or I'll take my whip to your tits this time&hellip;"  
"Y&hellip; Yes, Mistress&hellip; Please, mistress&hellip; go ahead and do
  it&hellip; I&hellip; I don't mind&hellip;" the squirming girl confesses, knowing
  that any other answer would only bring her further pain, shamed by the fact
  that in any case her mistress has only forced her to admit the truth. The drugs
  that flow through her, the bondage and sexual punishment she has been subjected
  to have awakened in her a burning need to be penetrated, an aching emptiness
  inside. What she really wants and needs is a good hard fuck, but she'll take
  whatever she can get. Alison feels the muscles of her lower belly loosening,
  an involuntary opening and pushing sensation down there as she readies herself
  unconsciously to be impaled. Fiona unclips her wrist cuffs from the vanity
  bench behind her, ordering her down on her knees with her bosom and belly resting
  on the white furred bench. Alison kneels there motionless, her face pressed
  against the fur as her Mistress goes to the trunk in the corner, returning
  with a longish white patent-leather strap with two thick nine-inch dildoes
  of white flexible plastic attached about an inch apart at the middle.  
Fiona smears these instruments generously with shining lubrication, bending
  down to place a hand in the small of Alison's back to hold her steady. First
  she fastens the top end of the narrow strap to a buckle built into the bottom
  back of the white patent corset, carefully gauging the length so that the dildoes
  hang at the correct level. The submissive blonde can feel them dangling there
  behind her, tickling her ass crack as she kneels there abjectly waiting to
  be penetrated. Alison closes her eyes, shuddering and whimpering as her mistress
  touches the broad head of the upper dildo to the opening of her rectum, gradually
  working it open and stretching the wrinkled pink membranes wide. Inch by inch,
  Fiona forces the thing deeper and deeper up the lovely blonde's twitching spasming
  rear entry until all nine inches are buried inside and the strap is drawn down
  tightly between her buttocks. The defenseless girl twists her hands around
  in the cuffs where they are fastened together behind her, her fingers fluttering
  in futility.  
Then the black rubber clad bitch stuffs the other phallic intruder easily
  into her gasping captive's wetly receptive cunt, filling the girl completely,
  stretching the back wall of her vagina as the head of the thing presses hard
  into her womb. "How's that, Alison&hellip;? Big enough for you?" "Ohhhh&hellip; Yesss,
  Mistress&hellip; Please, Mistress&hellip;" the well-stuffed slave girl moans,
  her hips shifting from side to side as she struggles to adjust herself to the
  twin instruments impaling her. She can feel them rubbing around against each
  other inside her through the thin wall of membrane separating her vagina and
  rectum every time she moves as her weakly clutching sex holes stretch tightly
  around their flaring hilts. "Now get up&hellip;" Fiona orders her&hellip; "I've
  got to fasten the front." The kinky brunette helps the unsteady young woman
  to her feet, holding the loose end of the strap up between her legs to keep
  the long white plugs from slipping out of her again.  
Stepping around Alison as she teeters on her ultra-high heels, Fiona threads
  the loose end of the strap up through another buckle at the bottom front of
  the corset, cinching it up tight until the inch-wide belt is wedged solidly
  between the outer lips of the panting girl's hairless pussy. She reaches down
  with her rubber- gloved fingers to spread the girl's labia wider around the
  cruppering strap, pressing it hard against her captive's helplessly engorged
  and hardening clit. Every time Alison moves or takes a step, the twin dildoes
  rub around inside her and the inside of the strap chafes against her joy button,
  sending jolts of excitement up her spine that make her knees tremble. "Now
  just try to keep yourself from coming like this&hellip; just try&hellip;" Fiona
  challenges her. "You know you'll be punished for it if you do, you little whore&hellip;" Alison
  gulps, almost faint with the intensity of the sensations that threaten to overwhelm
  her. "While we're at it, there's another little accessory to this corset I'd
  like you to try on&hellip;" the black-robed mistress tells her, going once
  more to the big black chest in the corner.  
Fiona returns with a pair of detachable shoulder straps that match the white
  patent leather of the corset. She fastens these to the front of the garment
  at the top of the bra cups and drapes them over her shoulders, crossing them
  in the back and then drawing them tight and buckling them down at the back
  of the corset as the girl stands there doing her best to remain motionless.  
This has the effect of drawing her shoulders down and back, further accentuating
  and drawing attention to the bold thrust of her lovely bosom, pierced as it
  is with glittering silver rings. "You're a lovely girl, but your posture needs
  a little correction&hellip;" Fiona explains. "No more slumping shoulders for
  you, young lady. We're going to train your figure properly."  
The tightly-constricted blonde can barely move at all, held rigidly erect
  by all the bondage gear she's wearing. She stares down at the floor, shifting
  her weight from foot to foot, unable to stand comfortably on the six-inch heels. "No,
  No, No&hellip;" her mistress admonishes her, taking her chin in her hand and
  forcing the bound girl to look her in the eye. "Look at me when I'm talking
  to you. You must always keep your chin up, as if you were balancing a book
  on your head. Here&hellip; this will help you to remember&hellip;" The brunette
  dominant takes a foot-long length of white ribbon from a drawer, walking around
  Alison to tie it firmly to the end of the girl's pony tail where it hangs down
  her back. She then takes the other end of the ribbon and ties it to a ring
  set in the top back of the corset, drawing it tight so that the young woman's
  head is pulled back and her chin is forced upwards. It is now impossible for
  the bound blonde to lower her head. "There&hellip; that's better&hellip;" Fiona
  smirks complacently. "Do you think you can remember to hold your head up now?" "Y&hellip; Yes,
  Mistress&hellip;" the immobilized submissive gulps. In reality she has no choice.  
"Now then&hellip;" her mistress announces briskly&hellip; It's time for your
  manicure. We'd better hurry if we want your nails to dry before Spider gets
  here. Let's go to the kitchen, so I can sit across the counter from you to
  do them&hellip;" Fastening the dog leash once more to her captive's nipple
  chain, the sultry brunette leads her prisoner slowly out of the bedroom and
  across the apartment. Alison takes little mincing steps, restrained by the
  hobbling chain between her ankles and terrified of losing her balance and falling
  with her hands tied behind her, ripping out the rings in her tits. The twin
  dildoes inside her shift around with every step, the strap chafing and rubbing
  between her legs, making her gasp and shudder as it frictions her attentive
  little clit. Halfway across the living room floor, Alison has to stop, standing
  there shaking and rigid as her orgasm overtakes her, her belly seized with
  muscular contractions as her well-whipped pussy and asshole contract spasmodically
  around the white plastic intruders within her.  
Fiona tugs on the leash impatiently. As if from far away somewhere the lovely
  slave girl hers her mistress' voice. "You'll pay for that later, you dirty
  little slut&hellip; I knew you wouldn't be able to keep from coming with that
  do-jigger in you&hellip;" At this point, Alison is beyond caring. Knowing that
  she is going to be punished for it just seems to make her come harder and more
  often. Her cunt gushes honey, her vagina and asshole twitching around the fat
  barrels of the instruments impaling her as her dope-addled brain reels with
  fear and excitement. Fiona tugs again at the leash, harder this time, the shocking
  pain from her pierced nipples finally penetrating through the bound blonde's
  reverie and forces her to move along.  
Eventually they reach the kitchen, where Fiona sits Alison down on a stool
  at the breakfast counter, fastening the girl's ankle chain to the chrome ring
  around the base of the stool so she cannot get up. The tightly-corseted young
  lovely's whipped and slickly depilated crotch is pressed hard against the clingy
  red vinyl of the padded stool, forcing the twin dildoes deeper up her cunt
  and ass. "I'm going to unfasten your hands now, Alison&hellip;" her mistress
  informs her. "I want you to place them with the palms down and the fingers
  spread on the counter in front of you and keep them there. If you lift one
  finger without my permission I'm going to take my whip to your tits. Keep that
  in mind&hellip;"  
"I understand, Mistress&hellip; I'll be good&hellip;" murmurs the still-quivering
  submissive obediently as her olive-skinned wardress walks around behind her
  and unclips her wristbands from behind her back, freeing her hands and easing
  some of the tension in her shoulders and back. Quickly, Alison places her hands
  on the counter in front of her as she has been instructed, sighing in relief
  as she works some of the kinks out of her shoulders. Fiona brings them both
  a couple of cups of herbal tea, setting them down on the formica next to a
  shoebox full of manicure paraphernalia. "Go ahead and drink your tea, honey&hellip;" the
  dark haired dominatrix allows, flipping on the small TV in the corner to some
  inane daytime interview show of the Jerry Springer type.  
On the screen a fat middle-aged businessman type is confessing how he likes
  to dress up as a baby and have his bottom powdered, to the hoots and howls
  of the audience. "Pathetic wimp&hellip;" Fiona mutters&hellip; "And you thought
  you had problems&hellip;" Alison sips her tea gratefully, her mouth as dry
  as the desert sands, feeling a bit ludicrous sitting there in her bizarre get-up
  as if everything were perfectly normal but relieved that for the moment nothing
  more is being required of her. Her mistress sits down at the counter across
  from her and goes to work on her nails, filing them smooth and stripping them
  of the existing polish. From the shoebox she takes a set of extra-long nail
  extensions, carefully fitting them to Alison's slender fingers and bonding
  them in place with epoxy resin. She files them smooth and shapes them into
  oval tips, doing first one hand and then the other as her docile captive sips
  her tea with her other hand. The white plastic of the fake nails extends perhaps
  an inch from the ends of the girl's finger tips, rendering her hands almost
  useless for any practical purposes.  
With these things on her fingers it will be impossible or at any rate extremely
  difficult for the girl to do such things as button a button or pick up a dime,
  further reinforcing the idea that her purpose in life is purely sexual and
  decorative. This point is not lost on  
Alison, who feels a certain rush of heat surging through her plugged loins
  at the thought as her mistress applies three coats of hot pink lacquer to the
  super-long claws, carefully letting them dry before applying a clear top coat.
  This done, she drills three small pin-holes in the corner of Alison's left
  pinky nail and inserts three small silvery rings through the holes, symbolizing
  both the piercing of the girl's sex flesh and the constant openness of her
  three bodily orifices.  
Fiona elucidates the significance of these objects to her quietly attentive
  captive, explaining that even when she is dressed in outwardly normal clothing
  these rings and other subtle signs will mark her to those who are in the know
  as a slave and a whore, one who lives only to open herself upon command. This
  whole process takes almost an hour, and by the time they are done it is around
  eleven thirty in the morning. Just time for them to have a light lunch before
  their guests arrive, Fiona observes as she clips the submissive blonde's wrists
  together in front of her once more. The little rings at the end of her pinky
  jingle faintly with every movement, constantly reminding the fettered young
  woman of her enslaved condition. As if she needed any further reminders.  
Alison sits in mounting apprehension, picking at her salad and squirming
  in her seat as the clock slowly draws closer to noon. A knot of anxiety grows
  in her belly with the knowledge that her recently-whipped and nakedly hairless
  pussy is about to be pierced and penetrated with more of Spider's gleaming
  needles, to be adorned and marked with steely metallic intruders like those
  that dangle from the throbbing tips of her luscious young tits. The more she
  tries not to think about it, the more the images spring to her mind unbidden.
  Spider approaching her spread open cunt with a long glittering steel shaft
  in his hand, thrusting it cruelly through her helplessly quivering clit, her
  labia&hellip; She can't help but wonder exactly how and where they intend to
  pierce her&hellip; how many rings will soon be hanging from her delicate pink
  membranes? Inevitably, the seconds tick by, the hands of the clock slowly creeping
  towards the vertical as she torments herself with these thoughts. The TV drones
  on in the background unheard as her fear and anxiety build, the remains of
  her lunch sitting untouched before her. Fiona sits there smoking a cigarette,
  looking bored.  
At five minutes to noon the brunette rises, sweeping away the dirty dishes
  and then leading Alison back to the living room, fastening her cuffed hands
  behind her back once more and sitting her down on the couch to wait. The petrified
  blonde feels weak and faint with terror, her knees shaking so badly she can
  hardly walk. "Scared, huh?" Fiona mocks her. "That's good. Spider likes 'em
  scared&hellip;" Alison stares over at the bondage bench spotlit at the other
  end of the room, knowing that soon she will be fastened there with her ankles
  up in the stirrups, helplessly spread-eagled for sexual torture. Her freshly
  depilated and extra sensitive pussy and asshole clutch reflexively around the
  slippery white plastic intruders impaling her, her fear and anguish only seeming
  to heighten the sensation as her soon-to-be-pierced little clit rubs excitedly
  against the cruppering strap drawn up tightly between her legs. If she's not
  careful she'll make herself come again. The last thing she wants is more punishment.
  Or is it? Her heart is pounding madly in her chest, the rush of adrenaline
  making her bright pink nipples stiffen, swelling and pulsing around the silvery
  rings that hang from them. "You just sit there and relax, cupcake&hellip;" Fiona
  commands. "I've got to go and get your injections ready&hellip; Believe me
  you're gonna be grateful you got them&hellip;"  
 CHAPTER SEVEN 

The minutes drag by as the kinky brunette returns with her silver tray and
  lays it down on the coffee table before them, laden with an assortment of glittering
  hypodermics already filled and ready. "Don't worry, sweetie&hellip; we're gonna
  dope you up real good&hellip;" Fiona announces to the wide-eyed blonde as she
  sits there trembling in terror, her eyes riveted on the gleaming chrome lances
  that will soon be piercing her quivering sex flesh. There's a lot of dope there&hellip; maybe
  30 or 40 ccs worth, enough to turn her into a pretty much mindlessly compliant
  zombie, and long glittering two and three inch needles to probe deep inside
  her. Alison loses control and begins to beg&hellip; "Pleeeaze, Mistress&hellip; No
  no no please don't do it&hellip; don't let them hurt me&hellip; Please don't&hellip; Please
  Please Please&hellip;" Fiona slaps her face, bringing tears to her eyes and
  shutting her up instantly. "Be grateful we don't make you take it straight&hellip;" she
  warns the trembling slave girl. "One more outburst from you and we'll do your
  pussy piercings without the benefit of any anesthesia&hellip; Is that what
  you want?" "N&hellip; No, Mistress&hellip;" the cowed submissive gulps&hellip; "It's
  just that I'm so frightened&hellip; I&hellip; I can't help it&hellip;" "Well,
  try not to piss yourself&hellip; I'll be very upset if you stain the couch&hellip;" the
  sultry governess warns sarcastically. Just then the doorbell rings. It is time.
  Alison's heart, which had been up in her throat, sinks down to her daintily
  painted toes.  
Fiona gets up and throws open the door to their two visitors. It is Spider,
  dressed in his customary get-up and carrying his black bag, accompanied by
  another long-haired greasy hippie-biker type. The man known as Monster is not
  at all what Alison had expected. He is of average height and kind of flabby-looking,
  with round granny glasses, balding and with a wispy blondish moustache and
  beard. More the sort of guy you'd expect to work at some head shop or esoteric
  book store than a brutal Hell's Angel type. He wears baggy jogging pants and
  sneakers and a black t shirt with the name of some obscure arty band on it.
  Fiona ushers them in, standing them before her lovely prisoner as she sits
  there on the couch shifting herself around uncomfortably in her plugged bondage.  
"You remember Spider, don't you Alison? This is his friend Fred, although
  most people just call him Monster. You'll find out why later. "Hiya, babe&hellip;" sez
  Spider casually. "How they hangin? Say hello to my buddy here&hellip;"  
How could she forget the man who just yesterday pierced her sensitive pink
  nipples with the thick silver rings that now dangle from her throbbing tits.
  A choking lump of fear and anguish knots her throat, rendering her unable to
  speak. "Say hello to the nice man&hellip;" Fiona orders her sharply. "H&hellip; Hello,
  Mister Monster&hellip; Fred&hellip;" the terrified slave girl gulps, feeling
  a little silly. The guy known as Monster just stands there grinning foolishly,
  his eyes glittering behind his glasses as he ogles her lissome body. The redness
  of her shaved mound is still readily apparent, and she feels the bookish-looking
  freak's eyes fastening on it as he looks at her questioningly. "Tell the man
  why your cunt is so red, Alison&hellip;" her mistress demands&hellip; "Speak
  up, unless you want some more&hellip;" "Uh&hellip; M&hellip; Mistress Fiona
  punished my pussy for uh&hellip; for coming without permission&hellip;" the
  humbled blonde is forced to admit, staring at the floor in humiliation.  
"Damn straight, bitch&hellip; now sit down and relax, boys, and check out
  this action&hellip;" the brunette suggests. "It'll help us all get in the mood&hellip;" Fiona
  flicks on the TV, showing a tape of last night's activities here at the apartment
  as she goes off to the kitchen to bring the guys a couple of beers. Alison
  sits there silent and mortified as the two men sit down on either side of her
  on the couch, their attention drawn to the television screen as the scene of
  last night's whipping progresses. The blonde reddens with shame as she witnesses
  herself wantonly humping her crotch against the obsidian whipping post as she
  is beaten, making herself come again and again to the relentless pounding of
  Slate's cat on her heart-shaped ass.  
"I'd say her training is coming along pretty well&hellip;" Fiona comments. "We've
  got her coming to the whip already." The men are leaning forward, their eyes
  riveted on the screen and their cocks starting to harden in their pants. Alison
  cringes and winces as she sees Slate take the crop to her butt, hears herself
  screaming and pleading helplessly for mercy as he marks her, once again made
  conscious of the tenderness of the blackened welts that mar the whiteness of
  her rear. Tonight and every night she will be whipped again, he has promised
  her. By the time the two men are finishing their beers, the scene of her receiving
  her anal injections is playing on the screen.  
Spider's eyes narrow and he grins fiercely as he witnesses the long gleaming
  needles sinking deeper and deeper into her quivering pink and defenselessly
  open rectum as she is belted tightly to the bondage bench. "Yeah&hellip; give
  it to her up the ass&hellip;" he mutters sadistically. Alison squirms in silence,
  wishing a hole would open up in the earth and swallow her, butterflies of fear
  fluttering in her belly. She knows that watching these scenes will only inflame
  the twisted lusts of the strange and evil man who has come to pierce her nakedly
  hairless pussy. Spider puts an arm around her shoulders, reaching up with his
  other hand to cup and fondle one of the outthrust breasts as she squirms her
  fingers helplessly where her hands remain fastened behind her back. "What do
  you think of these tits, huh, Monster?"  
"Nice jewelry, man&hellip; You do good work&hellip;" sez his cohort, reaching
  up to examine the rings hanging from the blonde's tender pink paps, giving
  them a few gentle tugs and making Alison wince. "Seems to be healing up nicely&hellip; just
  keep using that ointment I gave you and there shouldn't be any problem&hellip;" says
  the gaunt-looking tattoo artist. "Don't worry, Spider&hellip; I know the drill&hellip;" replies
  Fiona. Meanwhile, on the big TV screen Alison is getting her ass reamed out
  by Slate's goony henchmen, moaning and slurping on her master's oversized unit
  as it thrusts in and out of her throat. "You gotta try some of that ass action&hellip;" Spider
  suggests to his raptly watching buddy. "She takes it up there real sweet. Lookit
  her sucking that cock&hellip;" "You betcha, man&hellip; I can't wait&hellip;" sez
  the bespectacled hippie, practically drooling all over himself. Alison burns
  in mortification, hearing her most personal attributes discussed as if she
  were a piece of prime steak about to be devoured.  
"Handy little gadget, that bench&hellip;" observes Spider as he drains the
  last of his beer, stubbing out his cigarette&hellip; "I should get one of those
  for my shop. Whattaya say we get things rolling here&hellip; Let's get this
  hot little slave bitch ready. She looks like some sort of virgin bride in this
  white get-up&hellip; so sweet and innocent. Let's stand her up and get her
  over to the bench there&hellip; we've got a lot of work to do."  
Spider and his recycled hippie friend take the trembling girl by her upper
  arms, helping her to her feet, and half-lead, half-drag her across the room
  to the bondage bench. Shaking and weak with fear, her arms bound behind her,
  she can offer little resistance as they sit her down on the bottom edge of
  the bondage device. Although she is tempted to beg and plead for mercy, the
  trembling girl remembers her Mistress' warning, and realizes that this would
  only bring her further abuse, so she just bites her lip as they sit her down
  on the bottom edge of the bench. Fiona reaches down to unbuckle the cruppering
  strap attached to her corset and holding the twin plugs in place. "Belt her
  in there good and tight&hellip;" Spider advises&hellip; "I don't want her wiggling
  around and spoiling my aim." Each of the men takes one of the terrified girl's
  slender arms and brings it up over her head as Fiona unlocks the clip holding
  her wrist cuffs together, pushing her down so that she is lying on her back
  on the padded white vinyl.  
Soon Alison's weakly strugging hands are fastened tightly to the top of the
  frame, her arms stretched out straight and pulled tightly above her head. Fiona
  presses down on her belly, holding her still as her neck, her chest and her
  waist are strapped down tightly to the device, totally immobilizing the upper
  half of her body. "No no no no&hellip;" the blonde moans, thrashing her head
  from side to side helplessly as the men take her high heeled boots and lift
  them up into the stirrups, spreading her legs wide and strapping her ankles
  into place with her knees doubled back on either side above her, forcing her
  weight onto the small of her back and raising and opening her crotch and buttocks
  where they rest at the very edge of the bench. Fiona bends down to remove the
  two greasy white plugs from her stretched cunt and asshole, removing the strap
  to reveal her recently-whipped and nakedly hairless pussy in all its glory,
  gently spreading her inner labia to expose the glistening pink-magenta membranes
  of the interior of the slave girl's cunt. She takes the belt and plugs and
  tosses them aside. Alison can clean them later.  
"Nice pussy, huh, boys?" Fiona smirks, stroking a finger up between Alison's
  widespread lips to tickle the underside of her clit, making the bound girl
  whimper in apprehension and arousal. "Yeah, but it's too much plain vanilla&hellip; It
  needs some decoration&hellip;" the creepy-looking biker mutters darkly. "Well,
  that's what you're here for&hellip;" the dark-haired bitch observes. I guess
  she's ready for her shots now. Let me get her little cunt ready for you&hellip; I
  put some cocaine in the mix to numb her up a little bit and keep her nice and
  excited&hellip;"  
"Very good&hellip;" says Spider. "Maybe we'll do a couple snorts of this
  here methedrine while you're working on the bitch&hellip;" he suggests, laying
  out a couple of lines on the coffee table for himself and his friend as Fiona
  pulls a stool up between the shackled blonde's legs where she lies open and
  waiting, setting her tray down beside her with its array of six gleaming 5cc
  hypodermics. On the TV screen in the background, Alison is still getting her
  butt fucked by Slate's goon squad, the sound of their bellies bouncing off
  her upraised buns reverberating around the room in time with her grunts and
  groans of pain and pleasure. As Spider and his buddy snort up the crystal meth
  in the background, their eyes light up with fiendish intensity, watching Fiona
  as she takes an alcohol wipe and carefully cleans every delicate fold of her
  captive's defenseless slit. Alison whimpers and grits her teeth as the stuff
  stings and burns her sensitive inner membranes, her whole body from the neck
  down tied so tightly that she can't even twitch. "There there&hellip;" her
  mistress murmurs soothingly. "We've got to keep the area sterile&hellip; You
  don't want to get an infection down there, do you?"  
Alison doesn't even try to answer this rhetorical question, sick with apprehension
  and dread as he kinky keeper raised the first of her hypodermics with its gleaming
  one inch needle up to the light, squeezing out a bubble of air and sending
  a thin jet of narcotic solution up into the atmosphere. Fiona places the flat
  of her rubber-gloved left hand on the mound above Alison's hairless slit, using
  her thumb to pull the flesh above the helpless girl's hooded clitoris up, exposing
  the underside of her fearfully stiffening little joy button. Carefully, she
  stabs about a half an inch of the first needle up into the core of the slave
  girl's sexual nerve center, bending down close to concentrate on her work.  
Alison's breath, which she had been unconsciously holding, explodes from
  her mouth in a gasp as she is penetrated. Slowly, Fiona depresses the plunger
  of the syringe, squeezing out a couple of ccs right behind the head of her
  prisoner's clit, waiting a minute with the needle poised there as the drugs
  begin to take effect. Soon the by now familiar warm tingling numbness and feeling
  of fullness is beginning to spread through the upper regions of the enslaved
  receptionist's soft pink cunt, making her sigh audibly as she begins to relax
  in her bondage. The sharp point of the needle jabs more deeply into the shaft
  of nerves and cartilage leading to her swollen and throbbing feminine erection,
  making the defenselessly spread-eagled blonde whimper and moan softly as Fiona
  probes within her, burying the inch-long needle to the hilt now, injecting
  more and more of the soothing and stimulating narcotic solution as she goes,
  emptying the first of the 5cc syringes and pulling it free from her clinging
  cunt flesh. Alison's eyes close and her mouth hangs open as the drugs flow
  through her bloodstream and reach her head in a dizzying rush, making her muscles
  melt into mush and her pussy flow with her sweet secretions as the cocaine
  in the mix send sparkling thrills of excitement up and down her spine, making
  her swollen little clitoris harden and rise as if begging for more.  
Fiona takes a second syringe with its longer two inch needle in her black
  gloved hand, bringing it up from underneath to thrust it deeply up and into
  the top of the spaced-out sex slave's moist pink slit, searching for the root
  of her clit where it is buried deep inside her. Alison can hardly feel the
  sharp tip of the needle that penetrates her until it reaches a point an inch
  or so inside her, somewhere up and behind her little joy button, where the
  numbness has not yet spread and the nerves bundle and disappear into her belly.
  Her breath catches in her throat and a fat tear squeezes from the corner of
  her eye as Fiona probes more deeply inside the center of her feminine nexus
  with the glittering steel needle, piercing and hurting her in her innermost
  core, spreading soothing narcotic bliss and scintillating thrills of excitement
  deeper and deeper into her soft belly.  
Fiona pulls the needle back an inch or so, only to thrust it in again at
  a different angle, not stopping until the chrome nut at the base is pressed
  up hard against the pink underside of Alison's clit and squeezing the plunger
  of the syringe as she goes, spreading the drug solution around, sinking the
  shaft this way and that, finally angling it straight back to bury it two inches
  deep right there underneath her pubic bone, filling her insides with narcotized
  warmth and making her captive shiver and ooh and ahh in cunty arousal. Meanwhile,
  Spider and his hippie pal have finished their business and have stripped down
  to their shorts, sauntering over to observe Fiona at her work.  
"Yeah&hellip;" Spider says&hellip; "No doubt about it&hellip; she's digging
  it now&hellip;" Alison hears his words as if from a million miles away, lost
  in her own world, her heart pounding madly and her pulse throbbing in her ears
  as the heat and excitement build within, reaching deeper and deeper inside
  her, filling her hips with liquid rapture. Her clit and the whole upper part
  of her cunt are now completely numb, yet still tinglingly alive and responsive
  to the slightest touch. She moans and tosses her head from side to side, ready
  for more now, totally abandoning herself to the needle and the sensations it
  brings her. Fiona picks up a third syringe and gets to work on Alison's smooth
  and hairless pussy lips, getting them ready for the piercings to come. Spreading
  the fat outer labia wide with her fingers, she works up and down the length
  of her captive's slit with the needle, doing one side and then the other, stabbing
  it into her fleshy outer pussylips again and again until the whole syringe
  is emptied and the warm tingling is spreading lower and lower down between
  the trembling and whimpering sex slave's widespread legs. This done, the sultry
  brunette picks up the fourth hypo, identical to the last, and spreads the lovely
  blonde's delicate inner labia with her rubber-gloved fingers, exposing the
  glistening pink inner workings of the helpless girl's cunt.  
Slowly and carefully she sinks the fourth inch-long needle into the soft
  flesh where the captive blonde's inner lips merge with the interior of her
  pussy, once again working up and down their length from the top where they
  meet at the hood of her clit to the bottom on either side of her moist vaginal
  entrance. Over and over again she stabs the shining steel lancet through the
  skin into the soft tissues underneath, depressing the plunger of the hypo as
  she goes and injecting another 5ccs of narcotic solution directly into Alison's
  sensitive inner membranes, numbing the outside of her shaved little twat completely
  right down to the perineum. Alison is completely out of it by now, stoned out
  of her mind and completely unaware of anything except for the probing needles
  moving inside her gushy young cunt, floating in a dreamworld of narcotic ecstasy
  and sexual heat. And there are still two more syringes to go.  
The enslaved receptionist is so far gone by now that she barely flinches
  as Fiona takes the fifth hypo with its wicked two inch needle and thrusts it
  directly into the squishy pink membranes at the mouth of her vagina, sinking
  it deep into the rings of soft muscle inside and squeezing out a couple of
  ccs and then withdrawing, only to stab it into her again and again, working
  around in a circle inside her moistly open hole until even the inside of her
  most feminine place is throbbing and tingling with drugged excitement and the
  worm numbness is billowing up inside her belly, filling her whole pelvis inside
  and out. The tightly tied blonde whimpers and gasps softly in fear and arousal
  as her mistress pierces and probes within her wet sex hole, the muscles inside
  her pussy and ass fluttering uncontrollably in sluttish excitement. Tossing
  aside the fifth needle now that it has been emptied, Fiona takes a shining
  chrome speculum from the tray beside her and carefully inserts it into the
  bound blonde's now narcotized vaginal opening, turning the little screw thing
  at the side to spread her open wider&hellip; wider&hellip; wider until it is
  gaping open and you can see several inches up inside.  
If there was any question about where the sixth needle was going it is settled
  now&hellip; Fiona meticulously threads the shining glass syringe with its frightening
  three-inch needle between the blades of the speculum and directly up into Alison's
  quivering womb, not stopping until the whole barrel of the thing is buried
  inside her and the needle is stabbing right up into the mouth of her cervix.
  Relentlessly she drives it in there, spearing her right to the core, transfixing
  the drugged-out blonde totally on the sharp steel of her piercing shaft. Alison
  burbles and tosses her head from side to side, her eyes tightly closed as the
  drugs flow into her, deep inside her belly, her head spinning and her bowels
  spasming uncontrollably in terror and arousal. "If she hadn't had such a thorough
  enema she'd probably be shitting herself by now&hellip;" Fiona comments to
  the onlooking men as she finally empties the last syringe and deliberately
  pulls it out of the captive girl's clinging milking sex hole. "I think she's
  ready for you now&hellip;" the brunette comments as she scoots herself back
  from between the stirrups of the bondage bench, picking up her tray of hypodermic
  supplies and carrying it away.  
The man known as Spider steps over to the stool still situated between Alison's
  wide-spread legs, setting his black bag down on the table as Fiona sits herself
  down on the couch to give herself a fix now that her work is done. With an
  expression of fiendish glee and concentration on his face, the greasy-haired
  tattoo artist draws on a pair of rubber surgical gloves and lays out his gleaming
  instruments on the table from the bag beside him, pulling them from their cellophane
  wrappers and laying them out carefully on a sterile white cloth. Forceps, several
  sizes of surgically sharp piercing needles, silver rings and bars with locking
  beads in various designs and gauges, alcohol wipes and cauterizing styptic
  ointment&hellip;  
The guy they call Monster stands there looking over his buddy's shoulder
  breathing hard, beads of sweat popping out on his forehead and his eyes glittering
  behind his little round glasses as he stares down at the smooth pinkness of
  the tightly tied sex slave's smooth pussy lips, now completely anesthetized
  and ready for piercing. Both men are now dressed only in their shorts, and
  it is now becoming apparent how Monster got his name. The freakish and swelling
  lump of flesh that bulges and twitches beneath the fabric of his boxer shorts
  and snakes down his leg is the size of a salami, easily fifteen inches long
  and as thick around as Alison's slender wrist, making an absurd contrast to
  the rather ineffectual-looking individual it is attached to. Spider unwraps
  an alcohol wipe and once again carefully cleans every fold of the helpless
  blonde's smoothly hairless twat, making it tingle and burn fiercely for a moment.  
Meanwhile, Alison is totally lost in a narcotic never-never land, her body
  and mind reduced to quivering jello, her eyes closed and her mouth gaping open
  slackly as she pants for breath, only dimly aware of the movement between her
  legs or what is about to be done to her. She whimpers slightly as Spider takes
  a pair of gleaming chrome forceps, clamping her slippery clitoral hood tightly
  between its steel jaws and drawing it up and away from her body. He carefully
  measures the length of her little hoodie, which is actually quite long and
  prominent. Good&hellip; the bigger it is the more metal it can hold. "Might
  as well start at the top&hellip;" he mutters over his shoulder to his drooling
  pal. "I find that vertical clitoral piercing is much the best for these masochistic
  little slave bitches&hellip; far superior to the old horizontal method&hellip;" he
  remarks conversationally to Fiona, who is looking on from the couch as she
  spreads her legs and plunges a hypodermic into her fat pussy lip, finding a
  vein and booting up a goodly dose of narcotics for herself now that her work
  is done. "I achieve much greater sensitivity this way, reaching deeper into
  the actual nerve shaft behind the head of the clit&hellip;" the grizzled biker
  goes on&hellip; "Of course, it is somewhat more painful at first, but then
  they don't mind&hellip; and they soon get used to it. Not that they have any
  choice, of course&hellip;"  
Taking the wickedly sharp piercing instrument in his hand, he brings it up
  underneath, using his other hand to hold the forceps. Unlike the hypodermic
  needles which had pierced her earlier, this devilish lance is easily twice
  as thick, actually a #12 gauge. In time she may be stretched further&hellip; she
  will be stretched further. But for now it's a good place to start, and for
  a novice it will be a lot to get used to. He tells the spaced=out blonde to
  take a deep breath and let it out slowly. She is so far gone she never even
  hears him. Without further ado, he stabs the thing into her, up underneath
  her hood and deep into the shaft of nerves and soft tissue that lead to her
  clit. Relentlessly he drives it through her, a quarter of an inch at a time,
  releasing the forceps and angling it back towards the surface of her skin as
  it approaches the top of her mound. With a final sharp push, the thing breaks
  through the skin at the top of her hood shaft, a good two inches from where
  it begins. Being well experienced at this sort of thing, Spider is able to
  do the piercing deeply enough so that it touches the nerve without actually
  piercing through it, which might actually tend to deaden sensation in the area.
  Alison's eyes pop open wide as she feels her most intimate feminine core being
  skewered, the sensation incredibly intense in spite of all the drugs running
  through her. She gasps and whimpers, but of course she is powerless to defend
  herself from this terrifying procedure, so tightly is she bound. Her hands
  rattle the chains where they are fastened up over her head and she thrashes
  her head around but with her waist and thighs belted firmly to the bench her
  hips are staying right where they are. She rather feels like a big fat nail
  has been driven into her clit, which is not far from the truth. It hurts, but
  there's something incredibly stimulating about it, too, and in spite of her
  pain and fear her cunt gushes with moisture. Every atom of her being is focused
  right there where the piercing needle rubs against her clitoral nerve shaft
  down deep inside her. She realizes that it's going to be difficult to ever
  think about anything else. No doubt this is what Slate had in mind when he
  ordered this to be done. By forcing her to wear this piercing, he has exerted
  a level of control over her and brought her to a depth of submission that she
  never could have imagined was possible in her earlier life. Even when she's
  not actually being used, her mind will always be drawn right back to the thick
  shaft piercing her hot little slave cunt, where it belongs. This frightens
  her, but somehow it also makes her excited. So excited she's actually close
  to coming, although she doesn't realize it in her drugged state. Swirls and
  eddies of pain and terror whirl around her brain, mixed up with shockingly
  hot gushes and flashes of cunty arousal.  
Meanwhile, Spider goes on about his business, neither knowing nor caring
  what emotional apotheosis the lovely blonde is undergoing as he frowns in fiendish
  concentration. His friend stands behind him, panting and drooling, his eyes
  bugging out of their sockets as the monstrous lump of manflesh in his shorts
  swells and throbs, looking like a giant snake trying to escape from its cage.
  The greasy-haired tattoo artist prepares a two-inch silver barbell, slightly
  curved to reach down deeper in the middle, greasing it up with a little sterile
  styptic ointment and removing the bead and ring from the bottom end of it,
  exposing the threaded and rounded point of the thing. This he carefully feeds
  into the hole he has created in the bound girl's sex flesh, slowly withdrawing
  the piercing needle, pulling it out from below, and feeding the barbell in
  after it from the top down until the piercing instrument finally drops free
  and the rounded point of the silver shaft is protruding just underneath the
  panting slave girl's clit hood right above her little joy button. He methodically
  screws the beaded end onto there, using the attached ring to get a better grip
  on the little thing which is already becoming slippery with Alison's juices.
  When he is done, the large bead at the bottom end of the barbell presses directly
  on top of the girl's jumping and twitching clit, which will be sure to keep
  it in a more-or-less constant state of arousal as long as the piercing remains
  in place.  
To say that Alison's attention has been riveted to this procedure would be
  an understatement. In fact it is difficult for the young girl to imagine how
  she will ever be able to think of anything else other than the electrifying
  sensations that have been created in her hot shaved young cunt. How will she
  ever be able to keep herself from coming a hundred times a day? She stares
  up at the ceiling, glassy eyed, straining to get used to the feeling of so
  much metal stretching her inside, throbbing heatedly within her with every
  beat of her heart. It stings, it burns, but she's starting to like it. In truth,
  the symbolic and shock value of this event may fade somewhat as the days and
  weeks go by, but there will never be a time when she will not be achingly conscious
  and aware of what has been done to her and of the new status and role in life
  that it implies. Unlike Spider, Fiona observes Alison's reactions intently,
  following every nuance of expression on her captive's face, as much amused
  by the emotional changes her lovely roommate is going through as by the actual
  events taking place. Meanwhile, a dark thought is beginning to blossom in the
  back of the tightly bound blonde's mind&hellip; what will it feel like to get
  fucked with this thing inside her like this? It's going to be unbelievably
  intense. She realizes that she will no doubt be finding out soon. The thought
  makes her squirm, or at least she would if she was able to.  
Alison relaxes within her bonds, surrendering herself totally to the sensations
  of the moment, fearful and yet also sluttishly eager for whatever further plans
  her Master has made for her. Who would have thought that being a slave could
  be so liberating, she wonders, feeling a joy and freedom she has never experienced
  before&hellip; a freedom to feel without inhibition or shame, to experience
  herself as a woman with heretofore unimaginable intensity. Her hot little clit
  stands up at attention and burns and throbs helplessly around the silver bar
  piercing it, knowing that she will wear it tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow,
  totally lost in a world of whorish sexual submission and drugged-out sensuality.  
Alison's reverie is suddenly and rudely interrupted as her gaunt-looking
  tormentor seizes both of her slippery inner labia between his thumb and forefinger,
  stretching them out away from her body and clamping the steel forceps around
  their ragged edges about a half inch from the top. Quickly he thrusts the cold
  steel of his piercing lance through the triangular hole in the end of the forceps,
  skewering both her inner lips at once, making the tightly bound blonde gasp
  and whimper as he works the needle back and forth inside the holes, making
  sure it moves freely. Finally he removes the forceps, pulling the piercing
  instrument out and applying a cauterizing styptic ointment to the wound he
  has made, then threading a thickish silver ring about a half inch in diameter
  through each of the holes and locking it in place with a silver bead. Twice
  more he repeats this procedure, first piercing through the little lips halfway
  down and then again close to the bottom on either side of her gaping vagina.
  In a matter of minutes, six gleaming silver rings are dangling from the helpless
  babe's tender inner lips, three on each side.  
Alison"s lips are trembling as she sobs, fat tears running down her cheeks
  with the knowledge of what has been done to her, feeling the coldness and weight
  of the metal that penetrates her, marking her forever as some kind of sick
  sex slave and whore. Fiona looks on, smirking in amusement, fully aware of
  the changes her cute little captive must be going through. It's a good thing
  she's wearing waterproof mascara or her makeup would be all over her face.
  With all this hardware in her cunt she can think of nothing else. Although
  not in a tremendous amount of pain due to the drugged numbness and warmth that
  pervades her body from the waist down, nevertheless the physical and psychic
  trauma of her mutilation is intense. The lovely blonde's whole pussy throbs
  relentlessly and swells in response, sending hot flashes up her spine that
  explode behind her eyes. Spider finally pushes his stool back, fingering the
  rings to spread her lips and stick a couple of rubber-gloved fingers up her
  cunt and asshole at once, making the bound girl grunt and moan helplessly.
  Slowly he works them in and out of her spasmodically clutching sex holes, opening
  her up. "How do you like my handiwork?" he rhetorically asks his long-haired
  friend, who is still standing there behind him with his mouth hanging open. "Uhh&hellip; Very
  neat job, Spider&hellip; You're a pro, no question about it&hellip;"  
"I wouldn't use her pussy too much for the next day or two&hellip;" Spider
  advises as he continues pumping his bony fingers in and out of the gasping
  blonde&hellip; "Give it a little time to heal up&hellip; otherwise it might
  get infected. No reason she can't get fucked in her ass, though. Probably be
  good for her. You don't want to let her rectum tighten up on you again after
  all you've been doing to stretch it out." "Sounds like a good plan to me&hellip;" Fiona
  agrees as she sits on the couch languidly fingering her black-haired twat "After
  all, there's no time like the present. Why don't you give it a try? Ream her
  out a little and loosen her up for your friend here. I'll see what I can do
  to get him ready for her&hellip; C'mon over here, Monster&hellip; let me see
  what you've got there&hellip;" Hearing these words as if from a great distance,
  Alison's slippery pussy and asshole contract and tighten involuntarily around
  Spider's probing fingers with the knowledge that she is about to be fucked.
  Is it fear, or desire, or both?  
The guy known as Monster shambles over to the couch, shaking himself out
  of the trance he was in as he stared hypnotized through the piercing of Alison's
  sweetly shaved cunt. His long snaky penis is already swollen and throbbing,
  dripping with pre-come and ready to burst out of the loose boxer shorts that
  half conceal it. Fiona reaches up to pull down his underwear, gasping in amazement
  at the size of his turgid pecker as it is revealed in all its glory. "Holy
  Shit!" she exclaims&hellip; "Your momma must have done it with a bull to give
  birth to something like that&hellip; No offense, but I've never seen anything
  like that outside of a stable&hellip; How did you ever come by such a thing?" "I
  dunno&hellip; Just lucky I guess&hellip;" the goofy-looking hippie type answers
  with some embarrassment. "Actually it's been kind of a problem for me&hellip; Most
  women are scared of it." "Well, today must be your lucky day, then&hellip;" Fiona
  replies&hellip; "Little Alison here would love to take it all right up her
  girlish ass&hellip;"  
"Are you sure it will fit?" the bespectacled freak asks rather naively. "We'll
  just have to make it fit&hellip;" Fiona answers firmly. "Let me just warm it
  up a little for you while Spider opens her up a bit&hellip;" The kinky black-haired
  bitch bends to her work, taking the bloated tip of Monster's half-hard dick
  between her bright red lips and sucking eagerly on his knob. It's all she can
  do to fit the head of the thing into her warm wet mouth. Monster leans back
  and sighs as his enormous unit stiffens further under the brunette's ministrations.  
Meanwhile, over at the other end of the room, Spider is getting ready to
  shove his greasy crooked crank to the hilt up Alison's exposed and hairless
  pink anus, stepping up close between her raised and widespread legs and fisting
  it to rub it up and down in the crack of her buttocks. Alison whines and whimpers
  as he toys with the bar piercing her clit with his other hand, making her shudder
  and stiffen as he strokes his long bony finger over the super-sensitive head
  of her clit. Slowly he sinks the length of his dick into the soft heat of her
  clutching inner bowels, prying her open easily, the muscles of her delicate
  rectum weak with terror and fluttering uncontrollably in sluttish excitement.
  For a long minute he lets it rest there, buried to the hilt, feeling the helpless
  blonde's squishy inner membranes slithering and squeezing around the length
  of his shaft. Every time he touches her clit her bowels clench around him,
  milking submissively on his rock hard cock as the beautiful babe coos and snivels
  in humiliated rapture.  
Looking down at the glittering rings adorning her throbbing pink cunt, knowing
  that he was the one who put them there drives the sadistic biker into a frenzy
  of perverted lust. Savagely he starts pounding his dick into her with all his
  might, faster and faster, his hairy belly slapping loudly off her soft upturned
  white butt cheeks, making them ripple like jello. Alison squeals and gasps
  and sobs in time with the pile-driving thrusts of his hairy unit into the depths
  of her quivering ass, totally surrendered to the power of his manly member,
  her belly tightening and spasming uncontrollably beneath him. A massive orgasm
  coils in the pit of her stomach, building and building, making her shake with
  the tension of her need for release.  
Suddenly, she feels a burning heat spurting deep inside her bowels as Spider
  throws his head back and lets loose with an unearthly howl, his twitching dick
  jetting blast after blast of viscous white jism into her seething anal core.
  Alison clamps down on him like a vise, shaking and shuddering as she comes
  and comes and comes, grinding her teeth and shaking her head around with the
  intensity of her passion as multicolored fireworks explode inside her head
  and shivers of scintillating excitement run up and down her spine. Spider falls
  back like he'd been struck over the head with a sledge hammer, staggering over
  to the L-shaped sectional couch in the corner where Fiona is still sucking
  the Monster's oversized dick and collapsing in a corner. "Not bad, huh?&hellip;" Fiona
  smiles as she takes her mouth momentarily from the huge lump of manmeat that
  she's been working on. "Not bad indeed&hellip;" Spider gasps weakly, lighting
  up one of the everpresent Camels&hellip; "Little Alison here should turn out
  to be quite a moneymaker for the Boss when he decides to turn her out. What
  do you think of her cunt jewelry?"  
Fiona rises from the dove-grey sectional and saunters over to the bondage
  bench for a better look, leading Monster along behind her by his oversized
  crank. "Definitely makes a fashion statement&hellip;" the brunette observes
  cynically, bending down to look more closely and gently fingering the array
  of glittering rings that now decorate the tightly tied blonde's sensitive shaved
  sex flesh. "I'll be back tomorrow to do her big lips and work on her tattoo&hellip;" Spider
  promises. "No sense overdoing it and anyway the bitch wore me out for today&hellip;"  
Alison lies there passively, nearly unconscious, still rocking with the afterglow
  of her massive orgasms, her pussy and asshole reflexively twitching and throbbing.
  A thin stream of come and mucosa seeps from her swollen pink rectum and dribbles
  slowly down the crack of her buttocks. "Wake up, cutie&hellip;" Fiona taunts
  the well-fucked receptionist&hellip; "I've got a little surprise for you&hellip;" A
  little surprise indeed&hellip; Monster's fifteen inch cock is now hard as a
  baseball bat and almost as thick, twitching and jumping with eagerness to be
  buried in the bound submissive's soft hot interior. Fiona takes a dollop of
  greasy lube from a jar sitting by the side of the bondage bench and smears
  it up and down the length of the man's monstrously swollen purplish dork, pumping
  it up with her hand to keep it good and stiff. Not that he needs the help.
  Monster is practically drooling with sodomistic lust as he steps in closer
  to the immobilized girl, letting Fiona guide the head of his mammoth member
  to the helpless sex slave's puckered anal entrance.  
Alison's eyes pop open wide as she first feels the size of his freakish dick
  knob prying at the still sensitive entrance of her aching back channel. "OHHH&hellip;MY&hellip;GODDD&hellip;" she
  gasps as he goes at it harder now, stretching the delicate membranes of her
  rectum wider and wider, leaning his weight into her and forcing his humongous
  truncheon deeper into her defenselessly exposed backside, slowly and relentlessly
  prying her open and spreading her pinkish clinging asshole around his massive
  girth. 'PLEASE&hellip; PLEEASSE&hellip; PLEEEASSSE&hellip;" she sobs and cries
  out, fat tears of shame and pain running down her cheeks as her tender sphincter
  is stretched to the limit and beyond, feeling it finally tear and loosen as
  the fist-sized head of the goofy-looking hippie's cock pops inside her. Her
  wounded rectum spasms uncontrollably, trying to force the painful intruder
  back out, but succeeds only in massaging the glans of his cock adoringly, encouraging
  him to slowly drive another inch or two into her seething hot interior.  
Inexorably, the greasy shaft of the Monster's gargantuan unit presses further
  forward, sinking deeper and deeper into her tight slick colon, pushing and
  shoving aside her innards as she is forced to make way for his driving manmeat,
  her tightly stretched shit chute made to straighten inside her to accommodate
  his incredible length. The helpless blonde grunts and groans and cries unashamedly
  as his burning thickness augers further and further into the depths of her
  bowels, stuffing her so full of dick that her eyes are bulging and threatening
  to pop out of their sockets. Powerless to even twitch, all she can do is take
  it, and then take some more. Finally, it is done, the entire fifteen inches
  of his engorged veiny pecker penetrating to the hilt in her soft squishy insides.
  Alison can feel the head of his cock poking somewhere up behind her belly button,
  deeper inside her than anything has ever touched her before, as her weakly
  spasming and ripped sphincter grips tightly around the broad base of his hairy
  dick.  
Her head is spinning with fear and exertion, beads of sweat popping out on
  her forehead and her pulse pounding in her temples, her face as red as a beet
  with the strain of adjusting to his impaling hugeness. It's as though someone
  had shoved their whole arm up to the elbow up her ass. "I can't believe she
  took the whole thing&hellip;" the guy called Monster says with wonderment,
  reveling in the grip of her slippery pink membranes along the length of his
  dick.  
"Don't worry, she'll get used to it&hellip;" Fiona comments tartly. "As a
  matter of fact, unlike a pussy the rectum has no actual back wall, so you can
  get almost any length of shaft up there, if you work hard enough at it. Just
  give her a minute&hellip;" In fact, Alison is already beginning to relax slightly,
  her exhausted bowels finally giving up their futile struggle and slackening
  their grip as her body surrenders itself to this sodomistic impalement. She's
  just too tired and helpless to fight it any more. Though still stretched painfully
  tight, she can feel herself involuntarily opening and accommodating his massive
  girth, her ass guts pushing down against it to ease the pain and pressure inside
  her. Gradually, her face is losing that scrunched-up look, becoming once more
  dreamy and sensuously serene&hellip; A liquid tremor of excitement flutters
  in her belly, a hot jolt of cunty sexy submission radiating from her upstanding
  little clit as it throbs around the thick metal bar that pierces her. Oh god&hellip; It's
  so deep&hellip; so deep&hellip; Her pink lipsticked mouth falls open and a
  moan escapes her lips. "Go ahead and give it to her&hellip;" Fiona commands&hellip; "Ream
  her out good. Look at her&hellip; she's digging it now. Isn't that right, Alison?" the
  brunette asks sharply. The captive blonde writhes in shame, knowing the answer
  her mistress expects, hating herself for her servility but wanting more&hellip; needing
  more now&hellip;  
"Yesss, Mistress&hellip;" the captive blonde gasps. "Yesss&hellip; Go ahead
  and give it to me&hellip; fuck me up the ass with your giant cock, Mister Monster&hellip; Don't
  be afraid&hellip; I can take it&hellip; Go ahead and fuck me just as hard as
  you want&hellip; I&hellip; I like it inside me&hellip; I&hellip; I love it&hellip; I
  love it&hellip;" The words trail off into a long drawn out moan as the incredibly
  well-endowed long hair starts to move within her, his perverted lust inflamed
  to the boil by her halting and fawning confession. Slowly he pulls back about
  a foot of his throbbing cockmeat from the blonde's softly clinging rectum,
  slamming it back into her with all the force he can muster. The air rushes
  out of Alison's lungs as she gasps for breath, panting like a racehorse on
  the homestretch. "OHHH YESSS&hellip; FUCK MEEE&hellip;" the humiliated young
  slave girl begs him&hellip; "FUCK ME UP THE ASSS&hellip; OOOOOH YESSS&hellip; THAT'S
  GOOD&hellip; OHHH GODDD&hellip;"  
Faster and harder his huge pounding dick drives in and out of her straining
  and spasmodically clutching anal canal, battering her insides unmercifully.
  She grunts and groans loudly in time with his thrusts, but not once does she
  tell him to stop as he punches into the bound nympho's responsively clutching
  bowels like a jackhammer in high gear, making her see stars. All Alison can
  do is ride it out, her fingers twisting in the cuffs that hold her hands high
  above her thrashing head as she revels in her helplessness and subjugation,
  utterly dominated by the brutal pounding so deep inside her. Totally lost in
  the thrilling and yet still somewhat painful sensations that rock her, all
  fifteen inches of dick are slipping in and out of the violated blonde quickly
  and easily now, making loud squishing and farting noises as he gives her the
  full length of it again and again and again, churning up her ass guts and threatening
  to rip her butt hole out with the fury of his thrusts.  
"OOOOH&hellip; AHHHHH&hellip; UNGHHHH&hellip; OOOOOHHH&hellip; AAAHHHHH&hellip; UNGHHHH&hellip;" the
  captive slut moans, a storm gathering in the pit of her stomach as she quakes
  under his assault. Her pierced little clitty is jumping and twitching eagerly
  as his flabby belly smacks against her soft shaved mound, making the rings
  in her cunt lips jingle and dance around. "MOTHERFUCKING COCKSUCKING DIRTY
  LITTLE WHORE&hellip;" the long-haired freak mutters, repeating the words like
  a mantra over and over again as he whips himself into a frenzy, sweat pouring
  down his face and fogging up his round little glasses as he fucks her savagely,
  sadistically&hellip; Who would have thought he had it in him, Fiona muses to
  herself as she observes these proceedings. Just shows to go ya&hellip; given
  the right stimulus any man can be turned into a lust-crazed beast&hellip; or
  any woman into a mindless slut&hellip; "Permission to come, Mistress&hellip;" the
  blonde begs plaintively. "Go ahead, little slut puppy&hellip;" Fiona replies&hellip; "You've
  earned this one&hellip;"  
The little rings of muscle inside the lovely blonde's petite rectum and vagina
  are rippling and fluttering uncontrollably now as her belly seizes and contracts,
  snapping off the first of a long series of orgasms. She just can't stop herself
  from coming again and again, whining and whinnying shamelessly, sobbing with
  joy and rapture at her ravishment and degradation. "PLEASSE&hellip; PLEASSE&hellip; PLEASSE&hellip;" the
  beautiful sex slave begs breathlessly, looking up into the eyes of her impaler
  with an expression of abject surrender and devotion. "GIVE ME YOUR COME&hellip; I
  WANT TO FEEL IT SPURTING INSIDE ME&hellip; GIVE ME YOUR COME&hellip; PLEASE&hellip; PLEASE&hellip; PLEASE
  COME INSIDE ME&hellip; COME UP MY ASS&hellip; OOOH OOOH COME UP MY ASSSSS&hellip;"  
That's all the guy known as Monster needs to push him over the edge&gt; He
  sees red, an atomic bomb of lust exploding inside his head as he bucks and
  shivers, his grapefruit-sized balls tightening up and sending jet after jet
  of scalding semen down the length of his twitching throbbing horsemeat to spray
  from the tip like a firehose, bathing the depths of the sweetly submissive
  blonde's bowels with warm slimy sperm. "AARRRGGGHHH&hellip; URRGGHHHH&hellip; UNGHHHHHHHH&hellip;" he
  grunts like a linebacker at the line of scrimmage as he looses his load into
  the girl's squishy hot and receptive interior. Alison lets loose a long drawn
  out sigh as she feels the warmth blossoming within her, cooing in contentment
  and shivering with sluttish satisfaction, her hairless little cunt gushing
  with her sweet honey as she gently closes her eyes, a soft smile on her lips
  as she sinks into an all-enveloping blackness.  
Slowly the long-haired freak's outsized tool deflates inside her, finally
  plopping out of the fucked-out blonde with a gush. A thin trickle of come mixed
  with blood from the wounds he has opened inside her runs down the unconscious
  girl's asscrack and drips onto the surface of the white vinyl bench. "I think
  the bitch has fainted&hellip;" mutters Monster as he staggers away to collapse
  in a corner. "Jeeze I hope I didn't kill her&hellip;" Spider and Fiona laugh. "I
  don't think so&hellip;" smirks the olive-skinned brunette, flicking the button
  of the remote control to turn off the tape on the TV as she rises&hellip; "But
  I guess she needs a little rest. Spider, why don't you and your pal here give
  me a hand and carry her to her bed&hellip; I'll clean her up and get her out
  of this harness&hellip;"  
Efficiently the kinky dominant wipes up the mess oozing from Alison's abused
  rear end and unbuckles her subject from the straps and stirrups that hold her
  to the bondage bench, releasing her wrists from the frame up above the prostrate
  girl's head but leaving them cuffed together. Somehow between the three of
  them they manage to pick up an carry the knocked-out submissive back to her
  room and lay her down on the four-poster bed. Fiona clips the wrist cuffs to
  the ring at the front of  
Alison's collar, effectively preventing the girl from being able to touch
  herself down below. The shackled girl stirs slightly but does not wake. The
  brunette rolls her over onto her side to loosen the laces at the back of her
  corset a bit as the young blonde curls up in a fetal position. "Might as well
  let her breathe for a while as long as she's taking a nap&hellip; I'll wake
  her in a couple of hours for her plug training&hellip;"  
Meanwhile, Spider goes back into the other room to pack his tools. "She's
  going to be pretty sore for a couple of days&hellip;" he warns&hellip; Don't
  forget to put some of that ointment on her, and make sure she doesn't touch
  those rings for a couple of days&hellip; We want them to heal up nice and clean,
  so don't let anybody fiddle with them too much just yet&hellip; ya got me?
  Salt water soaks will help, too&hellip;" "Yeah, yeah&hellip; I know the drill&hellip;" Fiona
  replies as she draws the frilly white satin coverlet to tuck Alison in and
  the creepy tattoo artist and his oversized pal pull on their grimy, shabby-looking
  clothes, getting ready to go. "See ya tomorrow, baby&hellip; same time, same
  station&hellip;" Spider calls as he ambles toward the door with his depleted
  buddy stumbling along behind. "Yeah&hellip; see ya later&hellip;" Fiona replies
  offhandedly, coming back to the living room area to shut the door behind them.
  It is just around three o'clock in the afternoon as the door slams shut and
  Alison's caretaker idly flips on the TV, sitting down on the couch with a glass
  of wine.  
CHAPTER EIGHT 
Alison stirs fitfully in her slumber, the rings in her sex flesh beginning
  to ache and burn and throb abominably as the drugs in her bloodstream start
  to wear off. Her pussy and ass are swollen and sore from the abuse they have
  taken and the many injections that have pierced her. She feels an ugly pain
  deep inside her rectum where the Monster's cock has battered her delicate inner
  membranes. Suddenly her eyes pop open as she remembers who and what and where
  she is. For a few minutes she just lies there enduring it, not wanting to draw
  her Mistress' attention, knowing that once she wakes it will all begin all
  over again. Her hands pull at the cuffs where they are fastened to her collar,
  wishing she could rip the offending rings from her body, but it's hopeless
  of course. She can no more touch them than she could fly to the moon. 
Some semblance of her former self has returned to her as her head clears,
  tormenting her with doubt and self-blame. Why oh why didn't she just get up
  and walk away, no run away, the moment Fiona took out the handcuffs that afternoon
  as they sat on the couch together? What idiotic slutty impulse led her to go
  ahead and fasten them around her own wrists? Why didn't she run out of the
  room screaming the moment that Slate first entered the room, instead of just
  sitting there, paralyzed, like a bird frozen in front of a cobra? From that
  point on, she realizes there's little she could have done. The dizzying rush
  of events that followed has carried her away into a heady and unknown world
  of slavery and sexual submission. Why oh why has her body betrayed her like
  this, melting into a pool of liquid acquiescence whenever she is whipped, when
  she should be filled with rage and a fierce determination to resist and escape?
  Why is it that the more Slate and his proxies hurt and humiliate her, the more
  she feels herself opening to him, surrendering herself, surrendering her will
  and her body eagerly and with shameful excitement? 
The silver piercings itch and burn in her faithless cunt, that even now is
  beginning to moisten itself once again as she struggles in her bonds, tormented
  with guilt and self-loathing. She must be some kind of sick masochist to enjoy
  this kind of treatment. For she realizes that deep down she has no real desire
  to escape that even now she is waiting perhaps more eagerly than her Master
  for the moment when he will return to her to lay his hands, or perhaps his
  whip, upon her. In any case, the point is moot the die is cast. There can
  be no turning back now Gathering her courage, she calls out for her keeper Mistress Mistress
  Fiona Please help me It hurts It hurts so much Please come and help me  
In a matter of moments the kinky brunette is there at her bedside, a shining
  5cc syringe already prepared and in her hand. While her roommate was napping,
  Fiona has changed into a shiny black vinyl catsuit that hugs her ample curves
  tightly, with boots, belt and gloves to match. Alison shivers in dread and
  stares wide eyed as her mistress holds the hypodermic up to the light, giving
  her a good look at the three inch needle on the end of it. I have your medicine
  all ready right here the black-haired bitch announces smugly But if you
  want it you're gonna have to take this long needle up inside your ass. Is that
  agreeable to you? It's your choice, dear. You could do without it if you like 
But it's so big so looong the still shackled blond protests feebly, knowing
  in her heart that she really has no choice Without the drugs there is too
  much pain 
Nonsense, dear Fiona announces crisply. We need a nice long needle to
  get down good and deep inside you Now make up your mind If you want what
  I have inside this syringe there's only one way you're gonna get it. Now roll
  over onto your tummy and get yourself up on your knees with your ass up in
  the air. Otherwise, stop wasting my time 
Sighing inwardly with resignation, the blonde stuggles to comply with this
  demand. It's difficult with her shaking hands still shackled to the headboard,
  but eventually she gets herself up on her elbows and knees, cringing at the
  thought of what she has agreed to do and hating herself for giving in. She
  bites her lip, trying not to squirm with apprehension, her belly knotted in
  fear. I thought you'd see it my way her mistress observes But your position
  isn't quite right put your head down and get your ass up higher move your
  knees apart further on the bed that's it Alison burns with humiliation as
  she is forced to assume this degrading posture, opening and offering her widespread
  backside as if to an invisible lover. Fiona presses down on the small of her
  back, forcing her to arch her spine and further raising and opening her rear
  entrance. That's good, dear her wardress declares Now just stay like that Shall
  we call this Position Number One? It is one that you will no doubt be required
  to assume very frequently. Remember now that you must hold yourself perfectly
  still. After all, you wouldn't want to break this needle off in your ass by
  squirming around too much while it's inside you The very idea makes Alison
  cringe unconsciously she holds her breath, awaiting the stab of the lance
  into the helplessly exposed membranes of her pink rectum. Fiona teases the
  girl a little, probing her hairless anus with a latex-gloved finger, working
  it open a little bit, making her gasp with fear and anxiety as her scared little
  sphincter and bowels flutter uncontrollably, forcing out a little bubble of
  gas. This amuses her mistress greatly. 
Leaving about a half inch of her finger inside the blonde to pry her open
  and holding the syringe in her other hand, the cat-suited domina uses that
  finger to guide the shaft of the needle as she slowly sinks an inch or so of
  it into the coral-colored flesh inside the mouth of the terrified girl's fearfully
  twitching ass hole. Alison lets out a shrill little squeak as she is penetrated,
  but otherwise doesn't move a muscle, her whole being concentrated on holding
  herself absolutely rigid. Due to the extreme sharpness of the needle, it really
  doesn't hurt all that much, but the sensation is riveting, to say the least. 
Fortunately for Alison, Fiona doesn't give her the whole three inches of steel
  up the ass at once, but rather feeds it in there slowly, squeezing out a little
  of the drug solution inside her and waiting for it to start creating a nice
  warm glow there before driving it deeper, doing the same thing again, easing
  it into the girl slowly. Of course, this is a more tedious and drawn-out process,
  but then that's all part of the fun As a matter of fact, Fiona rather enjoys
  making the girl squirm on the end of her needle, drawing out the process, controlling
  her totally as she probes deeper and deeper, depressing the plunger of the
  syringe to inject more and more drugs into her fearfully churning ass guts.
  Meanwhile, the warm glowing feeling that had started just inside the mouth
  Alison's tight little rectum is billowing up deeper inside to fill her pelvis,
  rushing up her spine to swirl around inside her head as her body suddenly relaxes,
  her eyes closing and her mouth hanging open as she feels a dizzying rush. The
  burning ache of her piercings has faded to a pleasant warm throb unconsciously
  she presses back with her hips, surrendering herself to the probing needle
  that fills her with this liquid extasy, wanting to feel it deeper now deeper.
  Fiona smirks to herself as she works the thing around inside the girl, noting
  the transformation that has occurred as Alison gasps and moans with terrified
  arousal, finally emptying the last of her liquid dynamite in the depths of
  her captive's seething bowels. 
The stoned-out blonde is unable to restrain a little whine of disappointment
  as her mistress finally pulls the long glittering instrument from her clinging
  anal flesh. It was just starting to feel really good up there. Don't be greedy,
  Alison her mistress admonishes her. There will be lots more later The Boss
  should be here in an hour or so. We don't want you to peak too early Meanwhile,
  we have a bunch of things to do to get you ready. I've got to get you cleaned
  up and fix your make up and stuff. You want to look pretty for your big debut,
  don't you? The captive receptionist lowers her eyes in shame at the way she
  has once again betrayed herself. What big debut? Alison wonders as she sinks
  back down on the bed, turning over onto her back. She feels a pleasant dreamy
  glow, excited and full of energy, yet somehow still relaxed and sensual, her
  fears and anguish banished as if they had never existed. Spread your legs her
  mistress commands, breaking into her reverie. 
Without a thought, Alison obeys, drawing up her knees to expose her smooth
  hairless pussy, digging the heels of the boots which she is still wearing into
  the bedspread to keep them from slipping. Once again she is flat on her back
  with her legs open. Strange how quickly she is getting used to being in that
  position, how comfortable she feels doing it. Fiona briefly toys with the rings
  that hang from her labia, spreading them apart and jabbing a finger into the
  girl's moist vaginal entrance. She reaches up with her thumb to flick the silver
  shaft that now skewers the hooded shaft at the top of her slit, making her
  lovely captive jerk and bite her lip anxiously. They really do look sweet
  on you Fiona comments. Don't worry I'm not going to hurt you You should
  get up and take a look at them Come on now it's time to get moving Let's
  get you to the bathroom and freshen up a little. The brunette reaches down
  and refastens Alison's white patent leash right to the little ring on the end
  of the shaft that pierces the slave girl's still sore and throbbing clitty.
  Even the slight jostling of fastening the little clip on the end of the leash
  sends nerve-tingling jolts radiating up in the blonde's hips. She doesn't even
  care to imagine what a sharp tug on the leash would feel like. Anyone who holds
  that ring will instantly command her immediate and total obedience. No doubt
  Slate will find this useful in the future. The silver clasp of the leash feels
  cold against her warm shaved pussyflesh. Finally, Fiona allows the still dreamily
  stoned and obediently spread-eagled submissive to lower her legs and unfastens
  Alison's wrists from the headboard of the bed, leaving them still clipped together
  in front of her to the collar around her neck. She helps the somewhat dazed
  and still loosely-corseted blonde to sit herself up and swing her legs over
  the side of the bed. Alison slips her feet into the high-heeled white maribou
  slippers as she stands up a bit unsteadily, allowing herself to be led along
  by the ring in her cunt and feeling quite anxious and helpless. 
She teeters along behind her mistress, taking careful short steps to keep
  from losing her balance or jerking on the leash, her hands twisting around
  helplessly where they are still shackled clasped to her throat. As they get
  to the door communicating with their common bathroom, Alison catches her own
  reflection in the full length mirror that hangs there. She hardly even recognizes
  the girl who stares back at her. The silver piercings in her gleam and glitter
  in the light, their hard coldness making a bizarre and exciting contrast with
  the softness of her pale pink pussyflesh, announcing to the world the depths
  of her subjugation. Yet she is struck by how calm she looks how untroubled
  and gentle. Whatever happened to the willful teasing bitch who used to live
  here? She wonders idly, remembering a different Alison. Perhaps Spider was
  right maybe she needs a new name to go with her new identity. Doubtless they
  will think of something 
Fiona leads her over to the commode, gesturing to her to go ahead and squat.
  The brunette stands there over her, holding her leash as the shamed receptionist
  pisses long and loudly, blushing with embarrassment at the loud splashing of
  her urine in the bowl and by the wet farts that she cannot keep from escaping
  from her well-fucked rear. Unable to wipe herself with her hands still fastened
  to the collar around her neck, she is compelled to half-stand, half-squat there
  over the toilet as her mistress mops up her tush for her and flushes the mess
  away, making her feel even more childlike, humiliated and dependent. And she
  hasn't even had her enema yet. 
Hold that pose, sweetie Fiona commands, leaving Alison half bent over but
  turning her around so that she is facing the wall over the toilet and fastening
  her leash to a hook hanging in the wall there. The shackled blonde stands/squats
  awkwardly over the toilet, staring at the white tiled wall in strained silence
  and waiting abjectly to be penetrated as her mistress walks over to the sink
  and fills a big red rubber bag with hot steamy water, adding a few drops of
  some sort of solution to the mix. Probably some sort of disenfectant/spermicide.
  You could cut the silence with a knife. 
For once I will spare the reader the messy details of what happens next. Suffice
  it to say that Fiona makes sure that her humiliated captive is thoroughly cleansed
  both inside and out before leading her back to the doorframe by the leash and
  fastening her cuffed hands to the hook up above her head there to once more
  tighten up the laces of her corset. Thus immobilized and stretched taught,
  the submissive blonde's already slender waist is compressed and constricted
  inexorably tighter and tighter as she gasps and pants for breath, her lovely
  bosom heaving rapidly as her mistress grunts with effort and pulls relentlessly
  on the laces behind her until the edges of the garment meet together in the
  back in an unbroken line. You're adapting to your corset training quite nicely the
  brunette observes I thought it would take another day or two to be able to
  get your waist down to sixteen inches The men are going to love what it does
  for your form and posture That's easy for her to say. Poor Alison feels faint
  and lightheaded from the tremendous pressure around her middle. If she wasn't
  fastened securely to the doorframe she would probably keel over. Of course
  Fiona knows this. She's just being flippant. 
While the chained blonde is hanging there trying to catch her breath and held
  rigidly at attention, her mistress takes this opportunity to respray her with
  perfume. Alison moans in torment as the musky floral fragrance is sprayed onto
  the tender flesh of her recently pierced and freshly depilated twat, burning
  as it dries. Fiona as usual does a thorough job, perfuming her neck, her armpits,
  her breasts, her wrists, even the crack of her ass. There's nothing subtle
  about the aroma of fresh flowers and hot wet pussy that that quickly permeates
  the air an odor guaranteed to grab the attention and open the nose of any
  man within twenty feet and get his hormones raging. The mere smell announces
  Alison's presence from across the room, spelling out CUNT in big red letters. Phew Fiona
  gasps That stuff will make you dizzy Now let's just touch up your makeup
  and get you dressed. Its almost six o'clock already and Mr. Slate will be here
  soon to pick you up 
Pick her up? Alison wonders as her mistress unhooks her from the doorframe
  and minces her over to the vanity table, sitting her down on the bench and
  refastening her cuffed wrists behind her back. Where is she going? 
To what uses will she be put when they get there? As Fiona fusses with her
  hair and makeup, the fettered and tightly corseted blonde realizes that in
  fact she has not left the apartment for the last three days, imprisoned in
  a private world of sexual enslavement and servitude, a cocoon in which her
  transformation has been effected in concealment and secrecy from the world
  outside. She has a feeling that soon that is going to change She has an idea
  that Slate intends to display her in some much more public fashion that soon
  many people will know what she has become. This thought creates a great deal
  of anxiety, but also a secret excitement. Alison squirms in her seat as Fiona
  finishes up with her face, applying a last glossy coat of bright pink-magenta
  lipstick to her ripe full mouth. She looks like some kind of expensive and
  exotic whore, and the lovely blonde stares at her own reflection, shamed but
  still aroused by her own appearance, imagining its devastating effect on any
  man within eyesight with a certain satisfaction and pride. 
Fiona pulls a pair of ultra-sheer white nylon panties out of the dresser,
  finally unfastening her captive from the vanity bench and helping her to stand
  up. Alison dutifully steps into the panties and allows her roommate to pull
  them up over her high-heeled boots and white stockings, pulling them up tightly
  to her lower belly. They hide nothing. Through the thin and clingingly sensual
  translucent fabric the folds of her girlish slit can be clearly seen, as can
  the rings that pierce her. She stands there passively waiting as Fiona selects
  a white vinyl minidress from the walk-in closet along the wall, one so short
  that it barely covers the tops of her thighs and as tight as a sausage skin,
  with ruffles and bows along the hemline and at the low-cut vee of the bodice.
  The sultry brunette unfastens Alison's hands from behind her back to slip this
  garment over her head and down over the tight corset that constricts her, being
  careful not to muss her hair, then zipping the dress up in the back. Unlocking
  the blonde's wide pearly wristbands she draws a pair of white stretchy opera-length
  gloves up over her hands and arms and buttons them up before refastening the
  pearly bracelet-manacles tightly over the gloves. 
Finally a four-inch wide white patent leather belt is cinched around her already
  impossibly narrow waist, its silver buckle ornamented with the same design
  of crossed whips that adorns her choker and wristbands. The girl is forced
  to stand rigidly erect, her bosom lifted and swelling with each breath, the
  shapes of the rings that pierce her nipples just barely discernable through
  the very thin white vinyl of the minidress. Through all this the blonde remains
  passive, allowing her roommate to dress her up like a doll. Now that she's
  been properly drugged up she has little inclination to struggle. As a matter
  of fact, she finds herself in a state of eager if rather fearful anticipation She
  hasn't been dressed up like this for no reason. She has no doubt that soon
  she will be obliged to open herself again open her mouth, her pussy, her ass open
  herself for her Master or whoever he chooses to give her to. In all likelihood
  she will be whipped. Even though this thought is still terrifying to her, she
  also knows that she has had her best and most satisfying orgasms after she
  has been made to cry. Slate has intuited this secret desire, and has let her
  know that he intends to see that she is punished regularly. 
The cat-suited brunette hands her a small white vinyl clutch purse with the
  same makeup and lipstick she used to fix her lovely captive's face. The wicked
  combination of hypnotics and stimulants that course through her veins leave
  the submissive receptionist feeling brightly alert, yet docile and sensual.
  She makes no struggle as her mistress refastens her bracelets together again
  in front of her and takes her arm to walk her out to the living room and sit
  her down on the couch. Just as she is getting settled the doorbell rings and
  Alison's heart leaps into her mouth. He is coming 
CHAPTER NINE- A NIGHT OUT 
It is Slate, accompanied by his hulking bodyguard-chauffeur Tony. Fiona stands
  aside at the door, admitting the two men. And how is my little trainee doing
  today? the boss asks breezily I trust she has been fitted with her new jewelry has
  she been a good girl? Everything's gone more or less according to plan the
  brunette replies. We're a little behind on our plug training, but other than
  that Well, that can easily be remedied the saturnine exec comments as
  he stands before Alison where she sits on the couch in her white vinyl with
  her manacled hands twisting around in her lap, staring down at his shoes, suddenly
  too afraid and/or ashamed to look up at his face. She certainly looks like
  she's ready for her coming-out party Slate reaches down to cup her chin in
  his hand, forcing her to look up and meet his gaze. Tell me, how do you like
  your new accessories, Alison How does it feel to wear my rings in your cunt,
  you little whore? Well, it still hurts a little, Sir the cowed submissive
  admits humbly, staring up at him with her eyes wide and pleading Sometimes
  it hurts but I guess you know it kind of feels exciting too especially the
  one you know in my clit it it keeps throbbing all the time I can't seem
  to forget about it Sometimes it almost makes me come just having it there deep
  inside me knowing you had it put there it's kind of like having you always
  inside me right there 
Slate grasps the girl's two braceleted wrists in one strong hand, pulling
  her upward and getting her to stand up on her feet, where she teeters before
  him a bit unsteadily on her very high heels, weak-kneed with apprehension.
  Keeping a firm grasp on the willowy blonde's wrists with his left hand, he
  reaches down with his right hand to feel underneath her skirt, cupping the
  moist warm softness of her recently-pierced twat. Alison moans and lets her
  mouth hang open, her eyelashes fluttering, her knees shaking You just needed
  a strong man to put you in your place, Alison and that place is down on your
  knees, worshiping my cock Slate tells her coldly. Those rings in your hairless
  little cunt are there to remind you always that you belong to me totally, body
  and mind. You're going to be a good girl for me now aren't you, little one?
  I intend to make sure of it Of course you'll still be punished anyway, you
  dirty little fucking whore. Tell me how many times did you come today? Did
  you come when Spider and his monstrous friend fucked you? Did you enjoy having
  fifteen inches of cock shoved up your ass? 
Yes, sir the pierced blonde answers meekly, absorbing this diatribe like
  a little girl being lectured by an angry father. I I can't remember how many
  times I came today maybe five or six times Is that bad? I really couldn't
  help it There will be a special punishment for that later, Alison answers
  Slate with a menacing grin. For the moment, lets just get you ready to go.
  Fiona, have you packed all the stuff she'll need? You bet, boss the brunette
  answers quickly. I've got plenty of drugs and syringes and stuff, and I brought
  some of those extra-long needles It's all in my shoulder bag. Slate abruptly
  lets go of Alison's moistening slit and commands her to turn around, bending
  her over at the waist with her hands down on the couch in front of her. I'm
  going to plug and tie you now for the ride across town he announces. Fiona
  bring me that size fourteen butt stretcher and some lube 
Alison remains there half bent-over, her face red with embarrassment and shame
  and her palms sweating as she waits submissively to be impaled. She doesn't
  move but whimpers nervously as Slate pushes the skirt up over the cheeks of
  her shapely ass, which is still marked with the dark purplish welts of his
  crop, and pulls her wispy panties down. In the corner of her eye she can see
  the stolid Tony standing behind his boss with his arms folded staring down
  at her impassively. Does he have to do this in front of the chauffeur? It's
  so humiliating. She struggles to control the impulse to rise up and pull her
  skirt back down over her hips, protecting herself from the bodyguard's prying
  eyes. Of course Slate is aware of this, and enjoys making her humble herself
  like this in front of others. It's all part of the fun. 
The innocent-looking blonde squirms and bites her lip anxiously as Slate toys
  with her hairless pussy, drawing in her breath sharply when his teasing fingertip
  touches the head of her swelling clit. Meanwhile in the background Fiona has
  greased up the fourteen-inch black rubber butt plug with the three little chains
  that will hold it in place attached to its flaring base and is standing there
  with an applicator full of lube in her hand. The thing is two inches thick
  and made to closely resemble a human penis, veins and all. Slate takes his
  little trainee's newly-installed clit ring between his thumb and forefinger,
  sending a hot jolt of pain and arousal up the trembling slave girl's spine
  from her suddenly throbbing little joy button, holding her steady so she cant
  pull away as Fiona inserts the applicator full of lube into Alison's nervously
  twitching little rectum. The beautiful young blonde squeaks with anxiety as
  she is penetrated, knowing what comes next. Alison whimpers as he fists the
  long black shaft of the rubber dildo with his other hand, bringing it up to
  her quivering back opening. If you push back against it, it won't hurt so
  much going in she can hear Fiona comment as if from a million miles away.
  That's easy for her to say 
Still Alison does her best to cooperate, standing there bent over the couch
  with her knees shaking, leaning on her manacled hands and closing her eyes
  in shame as she obediently opens herself for him, pressing her shapely backside
  back against the head of the rubbery phallus now slowly working its way into
  her hairless pink ass hole. Alison fills her lungs, holding her breath and
  then letting it out with a whoosh as the head of the thing finally pokes past
  her anal ring, pushing past the tight entrance into the softness of her insides.
  The lovely blonde shifts her weight restlessly from one foot to the other,
  her soft white buttocks jiggling as a low whining moan emanates from the back
  of her throat, but she makes no struggle, no word of protest She wants so
  much to be a good girl for him Relentlessly, Slate bores the thing into her,
  twisting and turning it to force inch after inch of thick rubber cock up her
  spastically twitching rear, his tickling finger at her clit making her jump
  and rise up on her toes, her useless vagina gushing with her sweet secretions. 
Alison's mouth is open and gasping as the whole fourteen inches of rubber
  dingus finally sink into the depths of her helplessly quaking rectum, making
  her insides ache with fullness, once more totally impaled by her Master. She
  squirms and whines with discomfort as Slate reaches up under her belly to fasten
  the chains tightly to the little rings at the bottom hem of her corset. One
  chain runs up either side of the vee of her crotch, the third one drawn up
  tightly in the crack of her buttocks. Now that the big rubbery butt plug is
  firmly locked up the trembling slave girl's compliant rear end, he pulls the
  sheer white panties back up over her shaky legs and helps her to stand back
  up, pulling the tight white skirt back down over her hips to hide the whole
  installation from outside view. 
The plugged and pierced blonde stands there unsteadily, half supported by
  Slate's hand on her arm, her nostrils flaring wildly and a stricken look on
  her face as she struggles to adjust herself to the penetrating presence of
  fourteen inches of rubber dick up her ass. Her shapely buttocks clench and
  jiggle reflexively underneath the white vinyl of her short skirt, her bowels
  involuntarily pushing against this rubbery invasion but of course it's not
  going anywhere. She's just going to have to wear it until he decides to take
  it out. The trembling submissive is almost faint with strain and fearful excitement,
  her eyes wide and her knees trembling as her lord and master refastens her
  cuffs behind her back, making her even more totally helpless. 
I think we're ready to go now Slate announces. Fiona, get the lady's wrap. In
  a moment, the brunette returns with a long but lightweight cape of white satiny
  material, which she throws over the cuffed girl's shoulders and ties with a
  bow at her neck, hiding Alison's shackled hands from outside view. To a casual
  observer, the lovely young woman looks almost normal, a stunningly attractive
  uptown party girl dressed up for a night on the town, probably headed for some
  pricey exclusive disco or private club. Slate, dressed in his conservative
  handmade dark suit, appears to be her sugar daddy, with obvious underlings
  Tony and Fiona tagging along behind. 
The two men take Alison by the elbows, escorting her out the door of the apartment
  and down the hall to the elevator. The massively plugged blonde can barely
  walk, teetering along on her fetishistic ultra-high heels and taking little
  short steps due to the extreme tightness of the skirt, the long dildo shifting
  around inside her bowels with every step as her inner thighs brush against
  the rings in her cunt lips beneath the moist crotch of her panties. Fiona follows
  along with a large black bag slung over her shoulder containing her drug paraphernalia
  and god knows what else The lovely blonde walks along down the hallway flanked
  by the two men in tense silence, her heart pounding in apprehension as she
  wonders where they are taking her and what will be demanded of her when they
  get there. As they enter the elevator the silence hangs heavy in the air. Finally,
  Slate begins to explain as they begin the long descent from the penthouse to
  the street. 
We're going to spend the evening at a very private, very exclusive club of
  which I am a member and part owner. Now that you are properly dressed and at
  least partially trained I'd like to introduce you to some of my friends and
  business associates. There will be other young women there not unlike yourself
  who either have been or are being broken into servitude. You will not speak
  to them, or indeed to anyone else unless you are questioned directly by one
  of the men, who you will address as Sir. The only time you will open your
  mouth will be to answer a direct question, to eat or drink, or to service one
  of the members or his guests at my discretion. Yes, it's that kind of club.
  Although gentlemen sometimes gather there to eat and drink and conduct their
  business, its main purpose is a kind of secret society for the use and subjugation
  of little whores like yourself. Once you enter the door you will obey the instructions
  of any of the members without hesitation, or you will be punished. And believe
  me, some of the punishments can be quite severe Do you understand? 
Yes Yes Sir I understand the pierced and buttplugged young blonde answers
  submissively, her hairless pussy coming alive with the knowledge that soon
  her soft and slender body will be handed over to the dubious mercy of a bunch
  of sadistic and demanding male strangers. She knows she is going to get fucked
  plenty tonight and her obedient little cunt is already getting defensively
  wet and ready for it, her clit stiffening and throbbing around the burning
  metallic shaft that skewers it. She can't help it the muscles of her bowels
  flutter and squeeze around the thick black rubber device that impales her,
  her mouth hanging slightly open as she responds to its penetrating presence,
  keeping her always open and in a state of total domination. With fourteen inches
  of dildo up her ass she has already surrendered, however embarrassed she might
  feel at the thought of being exposed and humiliated publicly in this way. Beneath
  the cape her hands squirm nervously in the cuffs as she tests her bonds, reveling
  in their implacable grip. Once again she realizes how exciting it is for her
  to be bound, helpless Finally the elevator doors open at the elegant lobby
  and Tony and Slate march the unsteady girl across the marble floor, her high
  heels clicking on the tiles as they guide her out the door to the street and
  Fred the doorman tips his cap to them. Evening, ladies Mr. Slate 
Alison tries to avoid the doorman's eye, stepping past him as he holds the
  door and saying nothing, wondering what he knows or might guess about her condition
  as Slate nods to the guy in an offhand way. A waft of her cunty-smelling perfume
  floats in the air behind her, sending a hot rush down to the old rummy's withered
  groin. Snotty little bitch the uniformed lackey mutters to himself as he
  opens the door to the long black limo, helping the two women into the cavernous
  rear compartment before closing it again after Slate. Meanwhile the stolid
  Tony goes and gets behind the wheel. 
Alison, sitting in the middle of the back seat between Slate and Fiona, leans
  back and does her best to make herself comfortable, if such a thing is possible
  with your hands cuffed behind your back and fourteen inches of dildo shoved
  up your ass. Slate puts an arm around her shoulder, leaning over to kiss her
  deeply as the car pulls off. The beautiful young blonde lets her mouth open
  for him, her tongue dancing and twining around his as she feels her body melting
  in his arms. He reaches up to squeeze her tits through the thin white vinyl
  of the minidress, sending a shocking charge of pain and arousal from the rings
  in her recently-pierced and hardening nipples up and down her spine, making
  her moan into his mouth and squirm anxiously in the seat, rubbing her stockinged
  thighs together. 
The man reaches down to insinuate his hand between her legs, roughly pushing
  them apart and forcing her skirt to ride up high onto the tops of her thighs,
  revealing the soft vee of her pierced and attentive cunt beneath the very sheer
  white panties. He cups her in his hand, feeling her wetness and warmth through
  the thin fabric as she lets her head fall back, her eyes closed and her mouth
  open as she shifts her hips to press back against him She loves it when he
  holds her like this, her stiffening clit tingling and pulsing hotly around
  the steel that pierces it. The limo stops at a red light and a couple of teenagers
  crossing the street stop dead in their tracks as they get an eyeful through
  the car's side window. Alison is oblivious, her attention riveted on Slate's
  probing fingers as he toys with her gushy pink hairless twat. 
She feels herself spinning down a vortex of fear and desire, lost in a swirling
  sea of sexual and deliciously feminine sensation. In spite of all that she
  has endured, or perhaps because of it, she has never felt more tinglingly alive
  or more happy to be a woman. Even knowing that in a matter of minutes or hours
  he will pass her around to others to use as a receptacle for their perverted
  and brutal lusts only adds a certain poignancy to the emotion. She is eager
  to be prostituted, used, defiled, degraded, if by doing so she can please this
  man, making herself more desirable in his eyes and proving her obedience. First
  I'm going to give you to others he announces, as if divining her thoughts Then
  I'm going to punish you for it, you cock-hungry little whore or maybe I should
  punish you first What do you think? Alison squirms in his grasp, unable
  to answer shamed by her wetness, her complicity 
Tony's voice on the intercom breaks into the reverie as the long black limo
  glides to a halt We're here, Boss After a moment Slate lets go of the bound
  blonde and withdraws his hand from underneath her skirt, allowing Fiona to
  help the girl compose herself and arrange her clothing. Tony comes around to
  open the door and Alison sees that they are in front of a well-appointed brownstone
  with an awning out in front on an uptown side street in a ritzy neighborhood.
  A discreet bronze plaque beside the front doors reads The Caligula Club with
  the same design of crossed whips that adorns Alison's collar. Suddenly it feels
  tighter around her neck as a fresh tingle of fear runs through her, making
  her weak in the knees. Slate has promised to whip her nightly. As the two men
  help her out of the car and Slate notices the panicked look in her eye his
  grip tightens around her arm. He looks at her mockingly, as if daring her to
  rebel. The street is deserted. For a moment Alison thinks about screaming bloody
  murder but before she can gather the courage to do so the two men have hustled
  her up the stairs and the massive carved wooden doors swing open before them,
  admitting them to a tiled vestibule with another set of doors at the far end
  and an intercom on the wall. 
I think I can take it from here, Tony Slate announces. Tony takes the hint.
  He knows the Caligula Club is not for such as he. The muscular bodyguard/chauffeur
  goes back to the limo, leaning back against the fender and lighting a cigarette.
  It's going to be a longish wait. Fiona grasps the hesitant Alison's other arm
  as they stand there in the entryway. The doors before them are intricately
  carved with scenes of Roman orgies and tortures and they are flanked on either
  side by pedestals holding small marble statues of naked and bound maidens.
  Hidden security cameras pan over them, ascertaining their identities for ten
  seconds or so. Just remember to keep your mouth shut, honey the brunette
  hisses to her captive roommate Otherwise we'll just have to gag you I've
  got a nice thick penis gag right here in my bag to shut you up with and I'm
  just dying to put it on you 
They can faintly hear the sound of hidden bolts being withdrawn electronically
  as the heavy doors in front of them swing open, revealing the figure of a young
  and beautiful brunette dressed up as a French Maid as interpreted by John Willie.
  Like Alison she is evidently tightly corseted and her dress is very tight,
  very short, and her heels about four inches too high to be practical for housework.
  No doubt she serves in other capacities. 
Good evening, Sir She murmurs deferentially to Slate, as the suddenly reluctant
  Alison is firmly escorted inside. Behind her she can hear the locks sliding
  back into place. This is not a place one can just walk out of. May I take
  the lady's wrap, Sir? Would you like to check your bag? the young maid asks
  as they pause for a moment in the opulently paneled lobby. Thank you, Lisette Slate
  replies familiarly as he reaches up to untie the bow of the trembling blonde's
  cape, whisking it from her and handing it to the servant girl to hang in the
  nearby cloak room. I think we'll just carry the bag with us there are some
  things in there that might come in handy If the maid sees anything unusual
  in Alison's now evident bondage she makes no mention of it. The lovely blonde
  stands there pinned between her two captors who still grasp her none too gently
  by the arms, her hands twisting around helplessly in their long white gloves
  where they are cuffed behind her as she squirms with embarrassment and anxiety.
  The maid returns in a moment, handing Slate a little numbered check tag which
  he pockets. Meanwhile a white-haired older gentleman in formal attire and a
  young woman with her hair bleached platinum wearing a low-cut evening gown
  approach them from down the richly paneled and carpeted hallway. 
Dorian, how good to see you the man greets Slate effusively, shaking his
  hand warmly and putting a hand on his shoulder This must be your newest little
  acquisition he comments, giving Alison an approving glance and smiling broadly. Good
  evening, Judge Slate replies in his gravelly voice, the hard lines of his
  face creasing into a quick grin Young Alison here is still in training, but
  I think tonight she's ready for her coming-out party The plugged and bound
  blonde stands there awkwardly as the corrupt-looking older gent blatantly eyes
  her up and down, practically rubbing his hands together with delight. She feels
  like a piece of meat about to be thrown into the lion's cage. 
Do you have a seat for us in the Club Room? I thought we might enjoy a drink
  or two, soak up a little atmosphere Slate inquires. Perhaps you would care
  to join us I regret that I have other business I must attend to the elderly
  grafter replies, But our lovely young hostess Andrea here will be happy to
  escort you and attend to your needs. Perhaps I will see you later upstairs. Yes,
  indeed Slate declares as the Judge turns away and walks briskly back down
  the hallway, disappearing behind a door marked Private. 
If you will follow me, sir the young woman introduced as Andrea says quietly,
  turning to lead them down the hall. On closer observation, Alison notices that
  like herself she wears the collar and cuffs of a slave girl, her thin waist
  tightly belted and evidently severely corseted as well, and as the statuesque
  blonde turns around to walk ahead of them she sees that the skirt of her long
  satin gown and the slip she wears beneath have been pinned or fastened up in
  the back to reveal her long stockinged legs and the bare flesh of her rear
  above them, framed by the white lace of her petticoat. She wears no panties
  and like Alison her well-formed buttocks bear the reddened welts of a recent
  whipping. She leads them in silence down the hall, swaying gracefully, her
  extremely high heels making no sound on the soft carpet underneath their feet.
  She comes to a set of double doors off to the side of the hallway, opening
  one of them inward. 
Immediately the sounds of a number of people in quiet conversation and the
  clinking of glasses and silverware can be heard over the piped-in music of
  a string quartet playing some baroque sonatas. They enter a large and ornate
  dining room, intimately lit, with a bar off to one side at which a number of
  suited men can be seen in conversation. At one end of the room is a kind of
  raised platform or stage, which is at this moment dark and empty, the red velvet
  curtains drawn. At the four corners of the room and beside the double doors
  six tall and muscular men dressed in black tee shirts embossed with the logo
  of the club and black tights stand with folded arms. They wear black executioner-style
  hoods, heavy black boots and black leather gloves on their large strong hands,
  and from their wide studded belts hang an assortment of whips, cattle prods,
  etc. Around the room a number of other scantily-clad Maids similar to the one
  that greeted them at the door are quietly bussing the tables. The entire room
  is furnished in black and red. Black lacquered chairs with red velvet cushions,
  etc. 
At the twenty or so round tables that dot the room and on couches off to the
  side with coffee tables set in front of them sit several groups of people,
  the dozen or so affluent-looking men all dressed in dark suits and ties, and
  a number of young women silently attending them who appear to be wearing the
  same hostess gown as Andrea. Only Fiona and perhaps two other women in the
  room seem to enjoy a different status from the rest, wearing more or less normal
  street attire. Several of the other hostesses also wear their dresses pinned
  up in front or behind, and as they circulate from table to table it is evident
  that like Andrea they wear nothing underneath their skirts. One of them glides
  by close enough for Alison to reach out and touch and she is shocked to realize
  that like herself the girl's mound is closely shaved or depilated and she catches
  the flashing glint of silver where the girl has been pierced and ringed. 
Alison is mortified to realize that she is hardly unique in this environment.
  What, indeed, does she have to offer that any of these other girls do not?
  They are all young and beautiful and obviously readily obliging. Downcast,
  she allows herself to be guided to a table up near the stage, sitting down
  as decorously as possible. The heads of several of the men swivel to follow
  her as she walks across the room, wishing herself invisible. Slate unclips
  her bracelets from behind her back and refastens them in front of her. Andrea
  leans over the table to take their drink orders, revealing plenty of cleavage.
  A carafe of white wine and a Glenlivet. Would they care for some hors d'ouvres
  with that? Sure, why not. 
After a moment, Andrea returns to their table bearing a tray with their drinks
  and some canap&eacute;s, serving each of them their drinks before sitting herself
  down at the fourth chair at a signal from Slate, folding her hands in her lap
  and patiently awaiting further instructions. Alison takes a sip of the wine,
  holding the fluted glass carefully between her cuffed and gloved hands, feeling
  very strange. Fiona offers her the tray of appetizers. No thanks, I'm full the
  uneasy blonde replies, thinking of the fourteen inches of rubber dick still
  stuffed up her ass. The brunette smiles archly, knowing exactly what her little
  roommate has on her mind. Meanwhile the lights begin to dim and the music fades.
  Evidently some sort of show or performance is about to take place. 
The curtains part and the lights come up slowly. In the center of the stage
  is a dentist's chair to which has been strapped an obviously terrified girl,
  naked except for her pale blue satin corset, sheer stockings and high-heeled
  ankle straps. Her hands and feet are tightly belted to chair, stretching her
  taught with her legs widely separated to reveal and open her shaven pussy,
  which has been pierced through both lips from side to side with a number of
  silver tie-bars which rivet them tightly together. These tie bars have D shaped
  rings hanging from their ends and similar but smaller device skewers the trembling
  girl's clitoral hood. The girl's head and neck have been also been strapped
  tightly to the chair, holding them rigidly immobile. To one side of the dentist's
  chair is one of those wheeled cabinets you find in doctor's offices which has
  already been laid out with a selection of nasty-looking glittering chrome dental
  tools. 
The pastel blue corset which constricts her waist is cut low in the front,
  the half-cups of the bra part lifting and presenting the girl's ample breasts
  but leaving the nipples exposed. Like Alison her largish pale pink paps have
  also been pierced in a similar way, with D rings hanging from the tie bars
  that impale them from side to side. Her auburn hair is long and flowing, her
  face immaculately made up although already her mascara is starting to run as
  her chin quivers and she struggles to hold back tears of fear. Two of the forbidding-looking
  guards stand on either side of her, whips in hand. The white-haired gent who
  Slate referred to as the Judge strides onto the stage, accompanied by a balding
  middle-aged guy in a white doctor's coat who is evidently the dentist. The
  Judge's face, which was earlier beaming with fatherly good humor, is now set
  in a grim mask of outrage and condemnation. 
Good evening ladies and gentlemen he begins, gesturing towards the girl
  strapped to the chair This is Josephine. I'm afraid she has been a very bad
  girl, quite rebellious, as a matter of fact. Earlier today, when called upon
  to service one of our esteemed members orally, not only did she refuse to swallow
  his semen, but actually attempted to bite him and spit it out in his face when
  commanded to do so. Such insolence cannot be tolerated. Therefore, it is my
  regretful duty to see that she is punished severely enough so that she will
  never again think of indulging in such behavior. Therefore, in an effort to
  make the punishment fit the crime, it has been determined that all of her teeth
  will now be removed. Since her face will be rendered too unattractive by this
  procedure to be appealing to our guests, her mouth will have to be put to other
  uses for the next few days until we arrange to sell her off to some Mexican
  whorehouse where their standards are not so high. Therefore, she will be fitted
  with this mask, which as you can see will cover most of her face 
except for the eyes. You will note the funnel-like arrangement at the mouth
  hole. This will facilitate her new role as a human urinal. One of the black
  hooded guards holds up the black rubber mask so everyone can see it. Our friend
  Dr. Tormentov here is a well-respected oral surgeon and has generously consented
  to perform this procedure for us. 
The stacked young woman squirms in her bondage there in the chair as the white-coated
  dentist steps up beside her, the two black-clad enforcers moving in close on
  either side to act as his assistants. No no, please I didn't mean to she
  starts blubbering as Tormentov leans over her with a clamp in his hand. For
  a moment all you can see is arms and elbows as the clamp is forced into the
  whimpering girl's mouth and fixed in place there. The doctor turns the screws
  at the two sides of the device so that Josephine's mouth is forced to gape
  open widely. She is panting with terror now as the dentist deftly inserts an
  IV into her arm where it is belted down to the chair. Just be grateful that
  I have been permitted to anesthetize you for this surgery. It was agreed that
  your uninterrupted screaming through the whole procedure would perhaps be too
  wearing on the nerves of our assembled guests, not to mention my own. Perhaps
  it was felt that just knowing that you will have to live with this for the
  rest of your life would cause you enough suffering at this time. And of course
  there will be ample time in the future for us to hear you scream Opening
  a clip attached to the IV he starts the drip and in a matter of seconds the
  girl's eyes glaze over and her face falls slack. 
This is hardly the first time the good doctor has used his dentist's implements
  to inflict pain and suffering. As a matter of fact, back in the bad old days
  before he was able to come to America there were those in his native land who
  found that he knew how to use his drills and picks as a very useful tool in
  interrogation. No doubt it was through these kind of connections that he was
  able to arrange to emigrate here in the first place. Certainly he finds his
  present surroundings a step up from the dank stone cells in the basements of
  eastern Europe where he had sometimes worked in the past. 
Without further ado the white-coated oral surgeon sets to work. He quickly
  opens the girl's gums with a scalpel to make it quicker and easier to pry her
  teeth out. One of the black-hooded guards acts as dental assistant, suctioning
  off the blood as one by one the doctor methodically pulls the semi-conscious
  slave girl's teeth out. The room is so quiet that you can hear it each time
  he takes a tooth that he has removed with his pliers and drops it into a little
  chrome cup with a clink. All attention is riveted to the events taking place
  on the stage, the chatter and clinking of glasses has stopped dead. Alison
  sits there at a ringside table, her stomach churning with the brutality of
  what she is being forced to witness. Even Fiona seems subdued. Certainly discipline
  here at the Caligula Club can be administered with frightening severity and
  ruthlessness. I I have to go to the ladies' room she whispers hesitantly
  to Slate, who sits there impassively sipping his drink. In fact the sickening
  fear that consumes her as she identifies with the tortured girl on stage fills
  her with a burning need to urinate, as well as a desire to escape having to
  witness any further punishments. No Slate declares flatly. Sit here and
  watch this. I think you may find it educational. 
Alison inwardly resolves to make every effort to never put herself in such
  a position and obey every command with alacrity, no matter how humiliating
  or disgusting. Of course, the show on stage is meant to produce just such an
  effect, making an example of poor Josephine for the benefit of the other girls
  as well as for her own punishment and the entertainment of those in the audience
  who enjoy witnessing such things. She burns with humiliation and helpless frustration
  at having to ask permission to go to the bathroom like a little girl in grade
  school and then having it denied, squirming uncomfortably in her seat. Meanwhile,
  up on the stage, Doctor Tormentov has finally finished his work with the pliers
  and is busily sewing up the punished slave girl's gums. Although it has seemed
  like forever, the whole operation has taken no more than fifteen minutes. 
Once Josephines's gums have been sutured, the other of the two enforcer types
  steps up with the funnel-mask contraption in his hand and quickly forces the
  thing into the still groggu girl's mouth as the doctor removes his clamp, buckling
  the mask securely in place around her head. A stiff rubbery tube perhaps two
  inches wide and three or four inches long is now firmly wedged into the girl's
  toothless mouth, keeping it open and ending in the flaring funnel on the outside.
  All that can be seen of the girl's face now are her eyes, which continually
  stream with tears. Dr. Tormentov removes the IV from the girl's arm and steps
  back as she slowly begins to regain full consciousness. The two black-suited
  goons then unbuckle the still-wobbly young woman from the chair she has been
  strapped into and force her to her knees there on the stage facing the audience.
  Her hands and elbows are bound behind her back and then her wrists are tied
  to her ankles so that she is forced to remain in that kneeling position. The
  rings in her tits and cunt are hung with heavy weights to make sure she remains
  in constant pain. The Judge shakes Tormentov's hand and thanks him for his
  excellent work as the doctor steps off the stage. 
You can put her in the Men's room right there to the right of the bar the
  Judge instructs his two underlings, who pick the girl up from under each arm
  and carry her off the stage as lightly as a box of feathers. No sooner is Josephine
  carried through the door of the room marked Gents then two of the guys who
  have been standing at the bar drinking beer head in there after her. I will
  skip over the details of subsequent events there in the Men's room. Suffice
  it to say that Josephine will be forced to swallow many gallons of urine in
  the next few days as she waits to be shipped off to some third-world brothel.
  The Judge turns back to face the onlooking crowd, who have pretty much been
  sitting there in attitudes of rapt silence and/or shock through this whole
  ordeal, and wishes them all a pleasant evening as he walks off the stage and
  the lights in the room come back up. 
Holy shit Fiona mutters I see that they haven't relaxed their discipline
  any since the last time I was here. Gee that judge is strict. I sure hope I
  never come up before him with a speeding ticket or something. Alison sits
  there stunned by the bizarre tableaux she has just witnessed, shaking with
  fear and revulsion, amazed that her roommate can make light of the sickening
  spectacle up there on the stage. You can take Alison to the bathroom now Slate
  announces to his female minion She looks a little pale. Maybe she could use
  a booster shot You got it, boss Fiona rises to obey, helping the ashen-faced
  blonde up from her seat and taking her by the elbow to escort her to the ladies
  room. Andrea gets up to bring Slate another drink and once again the sounds
  of glasses clinking and quiet conversation can be heard around the room. 
Once in the powder room, Fiona walks her shaken roommate over to an open stall,
  watching in wry amusement as the blonde struggles to hitch her skirt up and
  pull her panties down over her hips with her cuffed hands. Alison notes that
  the toilets have been fitted to double as bidets and that a douche/enema nozzle
  in a plastic wrapper dongles from a hose and spigot attached to the wall. How
  convenient. Don't take it so hard, cookie the dark-haired dominant advises. Stuff
  like that happens here all the time. You'll get used to it. Just be glad it
  wasn't you. Besides, you have to fuck up big time to earn that kind of treatment.
  Just be a good girl and you won't get anything you can't handle. Here I've
  got a little something here in my bag to cheer you up. 
So saying, pulls a syringe and one of those rubber-stoppered bottles out of
  the bag she has been toting around with her. As Fiona carefully fills up the
  hypodermic, Alison squats down on the toilet. Imagine her surprise when, just
  as the pent-up urine is about to escape from her body, one of the dark-suited
  male guests strolls casually into the room and stands there leaning against
  the wall, peering openly into the doorless stall where the lovely blonde sits
  with her panties around her ankles, her face flushing a furious crimson. There's
  no such thing as privacy here, honey Fiona observes. She should have known. Don't
  hold back, Alison let it go her mistress advises. Some guys just like to
  watch. Go ahead and piss, you stupid little cunt, before you make me impatient
  with you. 
The mortified young woman closes her eyes, trying to block out the man with
  his staring eyes, forcing her body to relax. Her water splashes loudly into
  the commode, her pink hairless rectum clenching around the plug that still
  fills her in time with the jets of urine that shoot from her pierced pussy,
  which is again starting to throb and ache. She wonders if the guy watching
  her can see the shiny little chains on either side of her belly that hold the
  big butt-stretcher in place, and if he knows what they are for. She wipes herself
  furtively, doing her best to conceal the impaling instrument from his eyes. Don't
  be shy, Alison Fiona admonishes her. Stand up and let the gentleman here
  have a better look at you 
Trembling in shame, the submissive blonde stands up in the stall, leaving
  her panties down around her ankles and her skirt hiked up over her hips. Very
  nice very nice the weasely-looking thirtyish guy compliments her. She's
  not sure if he's referring to her, her shaven pussy, or the piercings that
  adorn it. He looks like the son of some wealthy industrialist or banker, spoiled
  useless and obviously thinking highly of himself. Turn around, Alison her
  mistress commands Give us a little pirouette The young woman has no choice
  but to obey, with the drama that was just played out on stage still very much
  on her mind. Ahhh I see she's still in training the man observes as her
  plugged condition becomes readily apparent How delicious I do like them
  fresh and unspoiled perhaps I could arrange to borrow her for a while You'd
  have to talk to Mr. Slate about that Fiona suggests. He's back there in
  the Club Room 
The wormy-looking guy takes his leave, promising to see them both later. Will
  the Master really give me to him? Alison asks with distaste. Maybe Fiona
  answersBut I doubt it. He hates that little queer. If it wasn't for his father's
  money and influence he wouldn't be mooning around here at all, but hanging
  around the schoolyard trying to stare up little girl's dresses. Still, we've
  gotta act like we respect him. Now come over here and bend over. I'm gonna
  give you a shot 
Alison hesitantly bends over the counter in front of the brightly lit mirror
  that runs from wall to wall above it, putting her cuffed hands cool pink marble
  and leaning her weight on them as Fiona swabs off a spot on her white buttocks,
  her panties still down around her ankles. She winces slightly as the needle
  sinks into the muscles of her ass, her face once more losing its tension and
  becoming relaxed and dreamy as the drugs get flowing through her system again,
  spreading a melting warmth and tingling electricity through her over-worked
  nervous system, easing the painful throbbing that has returned to her pierced
  sex organs and relaxing her bowels around the impaling dildo that fills her.
  Fiona helps her to straighten herself out, removing the sheer white panties
  from her legs and stuffing them in her purse, stripping the blonde for action.
  After smoothing down her skirt, the captive receptionist reaches into her clutch
  purse and with an unconsciously habitual feminine gesture takes out her lipstick
  to touch up her makeup and powder her nose. Fiona smiles to herself. Even at
  this moment and after all that has happened and been done to her the delicate
  young miss is still concerned about her appearance, wanting to always look
  her best. She's a sweet one all right. Slate will be pleased. 
They exit the ladies' toilette and walk back down the hall to the Club Room,
  entering the double doors to see that everything is more or less as they left
  it. Slate is still sitting there at the table calmly nursing his drink. However,
  the place beside him at the table has been taken by another man, and Andrea
  sits there perched on his knee, looking like a bird in the grip of an ugly
  bear as he idly fondles her tits and ass. The man is fiftyish and grotesquely
  overweight, the rolls of lard sagging from underneath his triple chins. His
  face is coarse and unrefined, with broken capillaries reddening his potato
  of a nose and he looks like he always needs a shave in spite of the thousand-dollar
  suit he wears. His mean little piggish eyes light up as the women approach. 
Slate speaks up as they near the table Alison I'd like you to meet Mr. Accardo he
  and I go back a long way together, all the way back to the old neighborhood
  in the Bronx, as a matter of fact. No don't sit down I think it's time we
  go and explore the rest of the Club Shall we go upstairs? Fuckin' A says
  Fat Sal gruffly Pleased to meetcha Alison just stands there, unsure how
  to address this unsavory apparition. He looks like a gangster straight from
  Central Casting, right down to the diamond pinky ring. C'mon, blondie the
  heavyset older man commands Andrea, pushing her off his lap as he huffs and
  puffs to get up out of the chair. 
Meekly, the satin-gowned hostess leads the way, walking gracefully out of
  the room and down the hallway to a staircase leading to the second floor. Slate
  takes Alison's arm and guides her along behind, with Fiona bringing up the
  rear hauling her black bag of tricks. Andrea's naked and welted buttocks jiggle
  and bounce within the frame of the folds of her skirts that cascade down around
  them as she mounts the carpeted staircase, Fat Sal following their every movement
  with his eyes. Follow the bouncing balls, folks he jokes as he laboriously
  heaves his bulk up the stairs, grunting with every step. We gotta put an elevator
  in this dump he complains. 
Stepping out onto the second floor landing, they find themselves at the end
  of another long paneled hallway with a set of double doors on one side and
  a number of smaller rooms on the other. Muffled sounds can be heard from inside. Let's
  check out the action in the Game Room first Fat Sal suggests, grinning with
  sweaty anticipation. Andrea leads them to the double French doors, sliding
  one of them aside so that they can enter the room. Inside, they are confronted
  with a bizarre spectacle. 
The room is cavernous, the same size as the dining room/stage which lies directly
  underneath it and is also decorated in the same opulent style, all in red and
  black with richly paneled walls, subdued lighting and piped-in music. All along
  one end of the room are a group of low couches and hassocks, upholstered in
  red velvet plush, on which may be seen a number of men and women in various
  stages of undress. All of the women have removed their gowns and are dressed
  similarly in variously colored pastel satin corsets with matching stockings
  and high heeled strappy pumps. They are obviously slave girls, all young, beautiful
  and well-built, cuffed and collared like Alison and also similarly shaved and
  pierced in various configurations. The slapping of flesh against flesh can
  be heard, along with the moans and cries of the girls as they are being penetrated
  and the grunts and growls of the men working them over. One group is especially
  vocal, a young woman being doubly impaled fore and aft by two of the suited
  gentlemen, who have removed their pants and shorts but kept their jackets and
  ties on. 
All along one of the side walls are racks of whips, chains, dildoes and bondage
  equipment. Jars of lube are scattered around the room mounted on little brass
  pedestals like ashtray stands. At the other end of the room from the sitting
  area stand a number of whipping posts, X-shaped crosses, bondage benches and
  suspensory apparatus, looking rather like the rows of machines at a health
  club except for their obviously more sinister purpose. One of the girls, a
  stunning redhead with long Shirley Temple curls, is currently being whipped
  at the post, her hands hung from a hook high above her head as she writhes
  under the relentless blows of a long black leather cat being wielded by one
  of the Masters. The smacking of braided leather against flesh echoes throughout
  the room in time with her gagged and muffled screams. 
The only other female in the room besides Fiona who is not similarly corseted
  and pierced is a middle-aged brunette beauty in a dark business suit who sits
  back regally in an armchair, the head of one of the kneeling young slaves buried
  in her lap as she languidly flicks a four-foot braided whip out to lash the
  girl's upraised behind. Faster faster she commands breathlessly. One of
  the other slave girls is also down on her hands and knees, her hands fastened
  behind her back as one of the men face-fucks her forcefully, holding her head
  by the ears as he hammers his dick down her throat. There are no male submissives
  here. It is not permitted. Those looking for that kind of action will have
  to go to another part of town. Perhaps it is felt that to allow such things
  would create too much confusion. 
Allison's heart pounds in her chest, her pulse quickening and her hairless
  pussy awakening with the knowledge that soon now, in fact any minute, she will
  be called upon to provide similar services. The fresh dose of drugs that have
  been administered to her have left her once more breathlessly expectant. Take
  your dress off, Alison Slate commands her Fiona will assist you Andrea
  has already slipped out of her gown, carefully folding it and laying it aside
  on a bench near the door, where a half dozen others already lie. Fiona undoes
  the buckle of the wide white leather belt around her roommate's waist and unzips
  the back of her dress, helping the blonde to shrug herself out of it with her
  hands still cuffed in front of her as they have been since they left the apartment. 
Aside from the color of their hair, Andrea and Alison could almost be twins.
  Both are similarly dressed and made up, both classy, vulnerable and delicate-looking,
  slender and leggy with oval faces, full breasts and narrow shoulders. Andrea's
  corset and stockings are of pale pink, rather than white, and her shaved slit
  is ringed differently. In fact, a row of five silver circlets extends the length
  of her horizontally-pierced clitoral shaft, with five more down the length
  of each of her inner labia. The enslaved receptionist notes with horrified
  fascination that the other girl's soft white hairless mound above her slit
  has been tattooed prominently in black and bright pink-magenta with the same
  design of crossed whips that adorns her collar, with the letter R in scrolly
  script inscribed in the middle of the symmetrical design. No doubt Spider will
  be returning to tattoo her own sweet quivering mons with a similar monogram,
  labeling her indelibly and forever as the property of her Master and his secret
  society. Andrea's longish nipples, too, have been multiply skewered, with one
  set of larger rings set close to the base and another thinner set of rings
  set through the tips of her bright pink buds, both clearly visible above the
  lacy half-cups of the pink satin corset that grips her tightly around the waist.
  Slate reaches over to touch them, intrigued, as the platinum-haired babe forces
  herself to hold still and keep silent as he flicks her hardening little nips
  with his finger. 
Look at this, Alison the granite-faced construction exec commands her. I
  think I'll have Spider make a set like these for you. I like what they've done
  with her clit, too really makes it stand out and beg for attention, don't
  you think? Make a note of that, Fiona Alison stands there with her eyes downcast
  facing Andrea from two or three feet away, her hands shaking in their bracelets
  as she trembles with the sudden memory of sharp needles probing within her
  feminine anatomy and the sure and certain knowledge that soon she is to be
  pierced again. It makes the silver shafts already embedded in her flesh throb
  with renewed intensity as their presence is once more brought to the forefront
  of her mind. Her rectum contracts and flutters around the thick phallic intruder
  still locked up her bowels as she quivers in fear. Now everyone can see it,
  and it is readily apparent what it is and what its purpose must be. 
Slate fastens Alison's white leather leash to the ring attached to the silver
  shaft that spears vertically up through her suddenly stiffening clit and leads
  her and the rest of his little party over to the lounging area, finding an
  open spot in a circular grouping of modular couches and low cushions. Some
  of the men looking on from across the room fall silent, watching Alison mince
  along behind as Slate leads her by the cunt. Fat Sal holds Andrea by the arm
  and huffs and puffs along behind, with Fiona bringing up the rear. 
Lay down on that cushion over there Slate orders, nodding to Andrea and
  indicating a rectangular red velvet hassock about three feet by four and maybe
  three feet thick, the seams of which have been set with a number of rings,
  convenient for the fastening of girls. Let's make these hot little bitches
  eat each other's cunts Fat Sal suggests, his eyes glittering as he steps
  over to help fasten the girl down on her back, each of the men taking one of
  her slender wrists and fastening it to a corner of the cushion. They then repeat
  this procedure with her ankles so that the platinum blonde is spread-eagled
  on top of the cushion with her knees up and her smooth white crotch spread
  open. Let's let Alison warm Andrea's twat up a little says the overweight
  Mafioso coarsely I love to watch two girls going at it 
Slate refastens her hands behind her back and walks Alison up to the foot
  of the red velvet cushion, pushing down on her shoulders and forcing her to
  her knees. She looks up at him anxiously. You know what to do, Alison get
  your tongue in there Slate commands her coldly, pointing with his finger
  at Andrea's open pussy with its array of glittering rings. With an inward sigh
  of resignation, Alison bends to her work, hesitantly sticking out her tongue
  as her face nears the hairless moist slit of her sister in servitude. Slate
  shoves her face down into the submissive hostess' sweet young cunt, mashing
  her nose up into the girl's wet crotch and smearing her face with her juices. G'wan
  get in there he instructs her roughly. 
Swiftly, her face burning with humiliation, the buttplugged blonde thrusts
  her pink tongue as far as she can get it between the ringed inner labia of
  the other girl, licking it upwards to slurp underneath the hood of her multiply-pierced
  clit. Andrea sighs and wiggles her hips around underneath Alison's mouth sensuously,
  her breath catching in her throat as she feels her little bud caught in a long
  sucking bite that makes her buck her hips and moan deep in the back of her
  throat. Alison licks her smoothly shaved pussy fervently, beginning to enjoy
  the way she is making the other girl respond to her, wanting to please her
  Master and prove how obedient she can be. She can taste the sweet honey that
  pours from Andrea's open slit as she thrusts her stiffened tongue as far as
  she can get it into the other girl's squirming cunt. The platinum-haired hostess
  strains her belly up into her, mashing her pussy against Alison's face eagerly
  now as she seeks for her orgasm, shuddering and gritting her teeth as the hot
  spasms overcome her. 
Slate walks over to a rack on the wall and selects a black leather riding
  crop, walking back over to a spot just behind Alison. He reaches down from
  behind, rubbing it up and down the length of her slit. Alison whimpers responsibly
  as he touches her down there with his whip. She presses her bottom back against
  the shaft of the crop, riding it as her tongue continues to dance over Andrea's
  captive cunt. She sucks a pussy pretty good Fat Sal admits Let's see how
  the other one does. 
The two men raise Alison up by the armpits and walk her around the ottoman
  so that she is facing downwards at the head of the thing. They boost her up
  so that her knees are on either side of Andrea's shoulders and she is squatting
  over the girl's face, pushing Alison down onto the other girl's squirming torso
  so that they are sixty-nining each other, fastening Alison's ankles to Andrea's
  wrists and vice-versa. Alison feels something hot and wet and squirmy parting
  the tender inner lips of her pussy, fastening on the throbbing tip of her pierced
  clit, making it dance, stroking it soothingly, delightfully it seems the least
  she can do is reciprocate. She feels the leather of Slate's whip caressing
  her naked butt cheeks, feels herself straining against the harness that holds
  the whole fourteen inches of black rubber dick locked up her ass, her buttocks
  clenching as she mashes her crotch down on Andrea's submissively licking tongue. 
Alison gently pulls at the rings piercing the platinum blonde underneath her
  with her teeth, tugging on the hairless nymph's clitoral shaft by the silver
  circlets that impale it, reaching out with the tip of her tongue to touch the
  hardening bud at the top of the other girl's shaven slit. She can feel the
  tongue working underneath her redouble its attack, making her squirm with arousal,
  encouraging her to further efforts. She knows that this is what the men want
  her to do, will have her do. She's not really a lesbian or anything, but she
  knows what to do and how to do it. She's been getting plenty of practice on
  Fiona lately. 
Alison slurps and sucks at the bound girl's quivering mound beneath her, as
  her own pierced pussy is in turn by Andrea's sucking seeking lips, inflaming
  the hardening shaft of her straining clit. Alison oohs and coos and bucks her
  hips up and down responsively, her insides melting and coming to a focus there
  at the point where Slate's ring in her clit throbs under the tongue lashing
  of the squirming slave girl beneath her. Slate stands over her, reaching down
  to unfasten the chains that hold the butt plug inside her, slowly pulling its
  length free from the hot confines of her stuffed up bowels. The submissive
  receptionist groans as the last couple of inches come popping out, her aching
  ass channel squeezing and spasming reflexively on empty air. 
She will not remain empty long, however. Her Master already has his dick out
  of his immaculately pressed trousers, sticking out of there as hard as a fence
  post. She stares determinedly down into the open cunt of the slave girl she
  straddles as she feels the fat head of his cock prying at her anal dot. He's
  going to fuck her now. Hard. Up the ass. Just like he said he would, tonight
  and every night from now until forever Fight in front of all these people.
  Now everyone will know what a little whore she is. Alison gulps, her eyes closed
  and her mouth open as she prepares herself obediently for a deep anal reaming
  at the hands of her Master, her heart pounding like the wings of a frightened
  hummingbird. 
The wavy-haired construction exec sinks his rock hard throbbing tool smoothly
  into Alison's well-stretched and receptive rear, stretching her pink sphincter
  membranes like rubber bands around its massive girth. After a couple of hours
  of plug training she opens easily for him, taking it happily to the hilt into
  her slick hot back tunnel. The girl squirms and squeaks and wiggles her butt
  around furiously as he sinks deeper and deeper into her quivering recesses,
  penetrating her relentlessly until the delicate ring of her rectum is stretched
  tight around the veiny hairy base of his manhood. Andrea's tongue reaches up
  to inflame her clit, making her bowels flutter sweetly around the dick that
  penetrates them. OOOOHHHH OOOOOOHHHHHH Alison moans in ecstasy as she thrusts
  herself back onto the shaft of Slate's sodomizing dick, letting his hands on
  her hips dictate her movements as her pussy quivers madly beneath Andrea's
  determined oral onslaught. OOOOHHH YESSS MISSTER SSSLATE the buttfucked
  blonde whimpers subserviently FUCK ME PLEASE FUCK MEEE FUCK ME HARDER UP
  MY ASSSSSS I I'LL MAKE IT GOOD FOR YOU I'LL BE GOOD I'LL BE GOOD 
Her voice trails off into a lingering moan as Slate starts pounding his thick
  tool up her ass with sledgehammer force, knocking the wind out of her lungs,
  leaving her panting and her head spinning. Shut up and suck that cunt he
  commands her shortly. Meanwhile, Fat Sal has decided to get in on the action.
  He drops his trousers and steps up between Andrea's legs at the bottom end
  of the cushion, just above Alison's slurping face. She can feel his flabby
  belly pressed up against the top of her head as he rudely thrusts his stumpy
  old dick up to the sweet shaved lips of the other girl's shaved pussy directly
  in front of her face. Slate is giving her the length of his dick now in low
  gear, taking his time and making her feel every millimeter of it as he slowly
  works it in and out of her straining squishing rectal orifice from behind and
  above her. Alison sighs and lays her head down on Andrea's heaving belly as
  the blonde beneath her begins to respond to the fucking motion of Fat Sal's
  stumpy dork. It's it's going to be a long one, Alison thinks to herself gratefully
  as she adjusts her soft buttocks around Slate's stiff manly member, excitedly
  making room in the pit of her bowels for the pounding of his cock. 
Her hairless and pieced slit quivers as Andrea's dancing tongue as it works
  its way up and down between her slippery and ringed inner labia, making her
  fuck slot gush and cream itself as she feels her clit caught between the other
  girl's sharp little nibbling teeth, gently bitten and teased until she's writhing
  and squirming, bucking her hips back hard on the long thick cock that sodomistically
  impales her. OOOOHHH OOOOHHH OOOOHHH she coos in submissive delight, her
  stretched-out rectum milking docily on her Master's rigid tool so deep up her
  ass. OOOOHHH OOOOHHH OOOOHHH Alison moans as Slate pounds his dick up
  her tightly stretched pink up her tightly-stretched pink poopchute mercilessly,
  fucking her as if she were an experienced whore instead of instead of a fresh
  young girl, battering the insides of her bowels with his rampant cock head,
  stirring it up inside her, controlling every fiber of her being with his driving
  dick. 
She feels a hand at her hair, pulling her head up, pulling her face back until
  her mouth hangs open and gasping and she is staring at the fat pecker of Sal
  Accardo, wet with the juices of the pussy it has just vacated. Tentatively,
  she reaches out with her tongue to tickle the little hole at the very tip.
  Fat Sal smiles, stepping forward another step and leaning his fat belly into
  her to pop the length of his swarthy fat pecker into her bow-shaped mouth. Yeahhh blow
  me, blondie the oafish-looking gangster demands, pulling at the silken strands
  of her hair like reins as he rams his flabby belly into her face. GLRKKK GLRKKK GLRKKK Alison
  responds, sucking and slurping eagerly but gently on the dick that gags her
  as she opens and surrenders to her Master's hard-driving cock, wanting to please
  him with her obedience as she polishes Fat Sal's fuckknob between her lips,
  tickling the underside of it with her wickedly flicking tongue, making it twitch
  and ooze clear liquid from the tip. 

  Slate bounces his hips off her upturned buttocks with a steady smack smack
    smack as he relentlessly powers his burning thickness up her aching clutching
    anus tying her insides in a knot that seems to get tighter and tighter as
    it coils and gathers within her belly. Her open wet pussy rubs shamelessly
    up and down on Andrea's licking tongue, sending thrills of sex electricity
    up and down her spine to jolt in her stiffly upstanding little clit right
    where the silver shaft pierces it. The dick in her mouth tastes and smells
    of the slave girl's hot pussy that it recently came from. Alison's head is
    spinning, lost in a whirlwind of sensation as her guts convulse around the
    Master's driving dick, shuddering and rigid as she comes from deep in her
    ass 
Slate just keeps fucking her fucking her on and on and on as her body involuntarily
  relaxes, then begins to respond anew fucking her on and on as Sal grows shaking
  and rigid in her avidly sucking mouth, his stumpy grizzled dick popping free
  of her oral embrace to spray hot jism over her cheeks, her nose, her lips.
  Her mouth hangs open and gasping, her eyes closed submissively as her Master
  still reams out her rectum tirelessly with his long thick fuckpole. She's getting
  all breathless, anticipating the hot spurt of come in the depths of her seething
  bowels. She wants it wants to feel that sticky hot goo all up inside her she
  meeps and coos under him, silently begging him to shoot his hot load in there,
  right now right now right now 
As if connected by an invisible thread, Slate seems to know just what to do
  to bring her to the most dizzying heights of arousal. He pounds her upturned
  butt furiously now, his thick pecker jerking and twitching as it spews its
  thick white juices and he churns them into the depths of her squirming ass
  guts. Alison is jerking and flopping around like a fish out of water, enchanted
  with the hot glow of come that fills her spasming bowels. Finally, Slate pulls
  away from her naked tush, his slime-coated dick popping out of her reddened
  and sore sphincter, a thin dribble of come dripping down the prone and helpless
  slave girl's crack. 
Fiona is there quickly to mop up the mess, first cleaning off her boss and
  his friend with moist towels like baby wipes as they button themselves back
  up and finally wiping the cooling rivulets of jism off of Alison's face and
  hindquarters. Should I untie em, Boss? she asks the recumbent Slate, who
  has fallen back onto a nearby chaise. Nah leave em like that Fat Sal suggests,
  pointing with the stump of a fat smelly cigar at the two half-naked slave girls
  still fastened to the ottoman. It'll give the other guests a good chance to
  look em over. This is Alison's big debut don'tcha want to show her of a little? Slate
  nods indifferently. Alison lays there mortified, already embarrassingly aware
  of the stares and comments of a number of the other guests who have gathered
  around the periphery of their little group. Undoubtedly they have all witnessed
  her recent performance. God knows what they must think. Now that the action
  has slowed down she is once more cognizant of the display she has made of herself
  and burns with shame. If her status was not clear before it certainly is now. 
The submissive receptionist's heart sinks within her as Slate and Fat Sal
  walk off with Fiona to the bar across the room, leaving her and Andrea fastened
  there to each other on the big red rectangular cushion with the conveniently
  mounted rings. Alison winces inwardly, unable to shrink away as a group of
  interested guests walk over to inspect the tableaux so obviously left there
  for their enjoyment. She feels strange hands on her smooth swelling ass cheeks,
  caressing the dark welts that still crisscross her finely shaped rump, admiring
  her tightly corseted waist and fingering the silvery rings that dangle from
  her damp inner lips. She closes her eyes in resignation as a blunt forefinger
  probes her slippery pink rectum, dipping into her, feeling her hot smoothness. What
  is your name, child? a deep voice resonates in her ear. A Alison, sir the
  blonde stammers, pushing back involuntarily on the fingers that now are probing
  her ass and pussy simultaneously, trying to accommodate herself to their penetrating
  presence. 
You're going to be very popular around here, Alison the unseen stranger
  behind her assures her as he stirs up her pussy and poopchute with his bony
  fingersVery popular indeed Several other dark-suited gentlemen subject
  her to a similarly intimate inspection, although none actually go so far as
  to fuck her. Not yet. She is still Slate's property, and still under his direct
  authority. By the unspoken etiquette of the club, he must decide when and by
  who she may be taken, at least until she's been passed around enough to become
  common property, as Andrea evidently has. She already has her lips locked around
  the swarthy unit of another of the Masters a dark curly-haired arabish-looking
  fellow in a dark square shiny suit, an evil grin on his salt-and-pepper goateed
  face, his fiendish curly eyebrows knit and his stern black eyes glinting like
  an ayatollah's. 
The slender platinum blonde's throat works subserviently on his hairy dick
  as it pokes out of his unzipped fly. Alison looks back over her shoulder at
  him uneasily, terrified that he will take it into his head to penetrate her
  exposed nether parts. There is little to stop him, other than the unwritten
  rules of the club. For the moment that is enough. The scary-looking arab guy
  walks away muttering, attracted by the sounds of a whip striking flesh across
  the room, not bothering to zip up his pants. He looks so comical with his fat
  dick hanging out that Alison can barely suppress a nervous giggle. What's
  so funny, slave girl? she hears a gravelly voice behind her. 
It is Slate, standing there behind her with another man, tall, broad-shouldered
  and erect with white hair, looking sort of like an older airline pilot or TV
  newsman. Sort of a Peter Graves type, if you will, but serious and reserved
  in demeanor. Fat Sal has wandered off to pursue further adventures elsewhere.
  Fiona sits herself down on one of the couches around the circular grouping
  as Slate introduces Alison to Mister Goodwood, who stares gravely down at her
  bare white ass poking temptingly out of the bottom of her tight corset. Slate
  reaches down to caress her flanks, petting her like a horse tied up in a stall,
  making her wiggle around nervously as he points out her piercings and describing
  in glowing terms the sweet receptiveness of her behind. And you say that you
  already have her trained to the whip? the silver-haired gent queries. She
  can't keep herself from coming on the post Slate laughs Take my word for
  it this little slut needs a good whipping now and then, just to keep her pussy
  percolating. She needs to be punished. 
Alison gulps in anxiety as her nether parts are vented and inspected carefully,
  knowing that Slate isn't just talking. She's gonna get it. It's a little too
  public here for my tastes the serious-looking gent indicates to Slate Why
  don't we retire to one of the private rooms along the hall to pursue this discussion
  further. I'm sure we'll find whatever instruments are necessary conveniently
  available. The two men agree, setting about to unfasten Alison and Andrea from
  the ottoman and helping them to rise. Taking the two women by the arms, they
  march them off out the double doors of the Game Room and down the darkly paneled
  hallway with Fiona as usual bringing up the rear, lugging her satchel. 
There is a sort of gallery of bondage art running along between the doors
  of the hallway, each picture dramatically lit by a small spot. Women in tight
  leather or latex and rubber gear, bound and ringed, penetrated and tormented
  through all ages of history. Scenes of Roman slave girls, medieval inquisitors
  and heretics, etc. etc. Alison marches along reluctantly with Slate's hand
  on her upper arm. They pass the solid-looking wooden doors to a number of smaller
  rooms on the other side of the hallway from the Game Room. The Blue Room, the
  Red Room, etc. Discreet lights indicate whether the room is occupied. Finally
  they stop at the door to the Black room. 
Goodwood takes a small key from a ring in his pocket to unlock the door, stepping
  aside to usher them in. The two corseted slave girls go first, with Fiona and
  the men following and clicking the door shut solidly behind them. As in the
  Game Room there are a number of low couches and large cushions of black velvet
  scattered about the floor of the medium-sized room. At one wall of the room
  is mounted a bondage horse and a whipping post, also done up in black. As a
  matter of fact, everything in the room is black, except for the glints of silver
  from the many rings and hooks which have been mounted on every piece of furniture,
  in every nook and corner. Black wallpaper, black carpet, black lampshades on
  the black lamps, black drapes and black lacquered chests of drawers filled
  with whips and chains and clamps and plugs. Black enema bags with big black
  balloons to hold their shiny black nozzles in place. 
Fiona and the two men in their dark suits blend right into the blackness,
  Alison and Andrea standing out startlingly white amid the darkness that surrounds
  them. Fiona, why don't you fix these girls a little pick-me-up Slate orders We
  wouldn't want little Alison here to poop out during her premiere performance,
  would we? I think Mr. Goodwood here would like to see them take it anally.
  Take out some long needles. We want to give it to them good and deep As Alison
  hears these words, her knees start shaking and her belly turns to water, knowing
  that in a matter of moments she will no doubt be tightly tied, holding her
  breath and feeling the glittering cold point of the lance poised to probe within
  her sensitive pink rectum. 
Trembling and almost faint with fear, the breathless blonde nevertheless allows
  Slate to arrange her on one of the square ottomans so that she is up on all
  fours with her hands and ankles fastened to the four corners of the cushion
  underneath her. Goodwood fixes Andrea into a similar configuration. Alison
  looks back over her shoulder apprehensively, listening to the clink of glass
  and metal as Fiona prepares a series of injections for the two girls. Three
  5cc syringes for each, with one, two and three inch needles. Alison closes
  her eyes, unable to watch as Fiona approaches her exposed hindquarters with
  the glittering hypo already in hand. She cries out as the shining surgical
  steel shaft penetrates her soft anal membranes, making her wince and a fat
  tear squeeze from the corner of her eye. 
OOOHHHH she sighs as the warm numbness and tingling excitement start to
  radiate and flow from the point of the needle where it is buried inside her. OOOOOOHHHH'
  she moans as the needle moves deeper within her, probing, spreading its glow
  up inside her ass and her suddenly wetly receptive cunt. Alison lets her head
  hang down limply between her arms, her whole being focused on the point of
  Fiona's shining hypodermic as it probes around inside her quivering rectal
  entrance, spreading a helpless liquid trembling wherever it goes. By the time
  Fiona empties the first of the hypos into her, she is already pretty spaced
  out, her mouth hanging open and her eyes getting glassy. Fiona goes over to
  repeat this procedure on Andrea as Slate picks up a second and longer needle
  and syringe and leans over Alison's behind, placing the flat of his hand on
  the small of her back to hold her still. I'll take over now he says. 
For a long moment, she can just feel the tip of the point poised at the very
  center of her anal dot, tickling her. Slate scrapes it around there, teasing
  her with it and pricking her gently, making her whimper and whine in the back
  of her throat, before he suddenly thrusts the whole length of the two-inch
  needle directly down into the sidewall of her slick pink rectum up there behind
  her cunt. Alison cries out as she is suddenly speared, then melts again into
  quiet acceptance as she feels more drugged warmth blossoming deeper and deeper
  into her belly and up her hot ass. She moves with Slate now, unconsciously
  pushing herself back against the needle to get it deeper inside her as he probes
  it around, pulling it back only to sink it deeper and higher up her asshole. I've
  got her trained to the needle, too. Slate remarks to his companion, who is
  completing a similar operation on the platinum blonde tied up before him. 
She loves it when I give it to her up the ass the saturnine exec gloats
  as he finally pulls the empty syringe from the pink clinging flesh of Alison's
  inner walls. Liquid tremors of delight flutter though the blonde, making her
  arms and legs feel rubbery. She lets her head sink down into the cushion beneath
  her so that only her rear is raised up in the air, her face down on the pillow
  sideways and her mouth hanging open. Slate walks around in front of her to
  show her the wicked-looking three-inch needle on the syringe he carries in
  his right hand. You know what I'm going to do with this? the cruel-looking
  construction honcho taunts her. 
Yesss yesss, Sir the frightened blonde confesses You're going to put
  it in my ass way down deep inside doped-out blonde admits, shamed but anxious
  now to feel another syringe full of liquid pleasure even deeper up her spasming
  asshole. Slate circles around again to her hips, satisfied with this confession.
  He sticks his finger up hr quivering pink rectum, stretching it out around
  his stiff digit and then using the tip of his finger to guide the point of
  the three-inch needle up into the girl's anal canal. He threads it up there
  carefully, pushing the smooth glass barrel of the syringe up and into her well-lubricated
  asshole at the same time, not stopping until two inches of its length are gripped
  inside the whimpering slavegirl's slick pink rectum, with another three inches
  of needle buried in the inner flesh of her ass. Thus the point of the needle
  is now buried in her squishy ass guts about five inches up inside her. Alison
  sighs and moans, pushing back with her inner walls on the steel shaft of the
  needle as jolts of hot wet electricity and liquid warmth blossom inside her,
  wanting to feel it deeper now, deeper OOOOOOHHH AAAAAHHHHHH OOOOOOHHHH She
  coos, totally lost in the waves of warm gushy sensuality and anxious desire
  that wash over her trembling body. Still, she remains carefully motionless,
  totally transfixed by the steel shaft of the needle that penetrates into her
  feminine core from behind. 
Meanwhile, Goodwood looks on in grim satisfaction and fascination as Fiona
  administers to Andrea in a similar fashion. Alison's whole lower belly and
  tush now feel as though they are filled with liquid heat from the cumulative
  effect of all these injections. Her head is spinning and swimming with fearful
  excitement and drugged-out docility, lost in some dreamy never-never land.
  On the couch next to her, her sister in submission is in a similar state, tossing
  her head around vaguely and moaning as the drugs take their effect upon her.
  Slate empties the last of the syringe inside the trembling slave girl, stepping
  back and setting down the syringe, which Fiona picks up and packs away. 
Yeah, a little speedball up the ass is all these bitches need Slate comments
  to his serious-looking companion Then they lose their fucking minds ready
  to do anything and love you for it Sad but true the taller man agrees,
  wiping his fingers fastidiously. They're all such fucking sluts they deserve
  a good whipping Indeed Slate agrees And I'm betting that you're just
  the guy to help me give it to them! Why don't we get my little trainee here
  over on the bondage horse and Andrea can go cuddle up to the whipping post.
  Then we can see which one of them comes faster under the lash. My money's on
  Alison here, even though she's not as well-trained as the other babe. She's
  just a natural I'll bet I can have her creaming and popping her cookies by
  the twenty-fifth lash. 
Well, I've been known as a pretty fair hand with the lash myself Goodwood
  muses. Perhaps a little wager would make it more interesting let's say a
  thousand bucks? Done says Slate One thousand bucks says that I can make
  Alison come with my whip before you can do the same with Andrea. Oh no says
  Goodwood Let's switch girls, and then see who comes first. No doubt Alison
  has special feelings for you which may give you a certain advantage 
Alison's special feelings extend to any man who whips her ass Slate declares
  roughly. I'll still bet she comes before Andrea does Goodwood agrees to
  the terms. Just don't cut her up too much warns Slate. I don't want her
  injured just punished The two girls' ears burn as they listen to their fate
  being decided casually by the two men, looking at each other helplessly as
  they hear their fate being decided casually by the two men and hearing that
  they are about to be flogged, but it seems to Alison as if the words are coming
  from a million miles away. Andrea tries to smile encouragingly at her, as if
  to say I know you can take it. Of course she can take it she has no choice
  but to take it 
She feels the strong hands of the two men taking her by the arms and legs,
  unfastening her from the black velvet cushion beneath her knees and elbows
  and carrying her limply unprotesting and stoned-out body ober to the bondage
  horse in the corner of the room, laying her down on her belly and fastening
  her arms and legs straight out and down to the legs of the device. She is now
  draped over the top of the sawhorse-like contraption, its padded top bar pressed
  tightly into her shaved and pierced crotch. A little clip mounted on the top
  of the device is fastened to the ring in her anxious little clit, making it
  impossible for her to raise her hips off the bench without tearing it out. 
As the two men walk off to hang Andrea up at the obsidian whipping post, Fiona
  scoots over to Alison. Here bite on these it will help you to not to scream
  too much the dark-haired girl suggests, stuffing the blonde's whiffy white
  panties into her open and gasping mouth. Goodwood doesn't really like it when
  they scream too much. Just pretend to come for him and everyone will be happy Yerffs
  mifftreffsss Alison garbles, her mouth full of her own cunty-smelling sheers.
  Meanwhile, Slate and Goodwood have gotten the other girl fixed to the post
  on the other side of the room and are both selecting their instruments from
  off the rack on the wall. Two heavy cats of black leather with knotted ends
  are chosen, along with a couple of heavy straps and studded leather paddles,
  sufficient to cause severe reddening or even blistering of the flesh but not
  to leave permanent scars. Of course, with these objects it is possible to beat
  a girl for much longer than with a crop or whip, since you don't have to worry
  so much about breaking the flesh of the victim. Goodwood gives one of the straps
  an exploratory swing, feeling its heft. Evidently a long, drawn out session
  is planned. 
Alison hangs her head, chewing on her own soiled panties, resigned and breathless
  with fearful anticipation as her counterpart hangs there ready at the post
  and the two men take their positions up behind them. Her well-fucked and multiply-injected
  asshole still throbs and aches pleasantly with the afterglow of the many orgasms
  she enjoyed under Slate's driving dick, and the load of drugs swirling though
  her bloodstream has her every nerve tingling in anticipation. Even though she
  knows it will be painful, she looks forward to her whipping, knowing that when
  it is done she will feel cleansed, purified, and with a redoubled dedication
  to her Master. 
The truth is that she needs it, she realizes needs it to wash away the foul
  taste of her own complicity in this affair, the nagging guilt she feels at
  having surrendered herself too easily, too willingly. Slate had promised to
  make her his whore, then punish her for it. To the spaced-out blonde on the
  bondage horse, it seems somehow fitting. You can't have one without the other.
  No doubt the other slave girl hanging at the whipping post undergoes a similar
  mental process as she prepares herself to be beaten, or perhaps she is too
  accustomed to such events by now to even think about it any more, merely accepting
  and submitting to whatever is demanded of her without question. 
In any case, the two men are now ready to begin, looking at each other with
  a nod to signal that the time has come. Each of them has taken off his jacket
  and tie and rolled up his sleeves to the work. Meanwhile, Fiona has withdrawn
  to a low couch in the corner and is busy giving herself a fix, pulling aside
  the crotch of her black panties to empty a syringe inside one of her fat pussy
  lips. A sensual relaxed glow suffuses her womanly features as she lays back
  on the black velvet couch, watching. 
CRACKCRACK! The two paddles fall almost in unison. The two bound submissives
  cry out, not so much in pain as yet as in startlement. It has begun. CRACKCRACK!
  CRACKCRACK! The heavy leather instruments impact the white ass cheeks of the
  two young women loudly, making them ripple with the energy of the blow. CRACKCRACK!
  CRACKCRACK! The wide paddles distribute the force of each smack more or less
  evenly over the surface, spreading a rosy pink glow and building heat all over
  each of the two sex slave's soft girlish butts. I'd say twenty five with the
  paddles, followed by twenty five with the strap and another twenty five with
  the heavy cat says Goodwood. Agreed replies Slate, grunting slightly with
  effort as he slams the paddle into Andrea's sweet and vulnerable-looking backside,
  earning a gasp and the first trickle of a tear that forms in the corner of
  the platinum blonde's doe-like eyes. She involuntarily bucks her hips up against
  the pole between her legs with the impact and sends a lightning bolt of arousal
  shooting up from her multiply-pierced clit to her dope-addled brain. 
Andrea bites her lip, looking back at Slate imploringly. Of course, this only
  incites him to paddle her harder. CRACKCRACK! CRACKCRACK! But there will be
  pleasure mixed with the pain. She grinds her naked pussy up against the whipping
  post in rhythm with the paddling of her butt, her eyes closed and her mouth
  open as she whimpers in pain and arousal. Meanwhile, Alison is undergoing a
  similar apotheosis. CRACKCRACK! CRACKCRACK! Every time the paddle falls on
  her, her hips jerk and wiggle in response to the blow as the heat spreads through
  her rapidly reddening ass cheeks. This causes her to pull and grind herself
  down on the ring that fastens her distended clit to the pad of the bondage
  horse underneath her belly, sending jolts of fearful excitement and melting
  submission up and down her spine, somehow mixing delightfully with the painful
  burning of her rear. Alison realizes that what Slate had said is true. That
  it doesn't really matter who beats her, that she will still experience the
  same surrender, the same abandon 
CRACKCRACK! CRACKCRACK! CRACKCRACK! On it goes, the only sounds in the room
  the cracking of the paddles, the men's heavy breathing and the whimpers and
  sniffles of the two slave girls, who are both now starting to cry as they helplessly
  grind their pussies against the bondage devices between their legs in an effort
  to block out or at least make bearable the sizzling pain in their paddled asses
  by stimulating their hot pierced little clits. Alison bites down on the come-soaked
  panties in her mouth, resolved to try not to scream or beg this time. CRACKCRACK!
  CRACKCRACK! CRACKCRACK! As if divining her resolve, Goodwood redoubles his
  efforts with the paddle, resolved to break her will. CRACKCRACK! CRACKCRACK!
  CRACKCRACK! The two men suddenly stop, turning to look at each other. Was
  that twenty-five? I must admit I lost track in the heat of the moment. Goodwood
  asks. I dunno I think so. It doesn't matter. These little sluts are in no
  position to complain Slate replies. But let's move on do you have those
  straps handy? 
Of course agrees Goodwood, walking over to the rack on the wall to select
  a black leather belt about two inches wide by four feet long. He doubles it
  over and wraps the end of it around his strong=looking hand, handing a similar
  object to Slate. Let's see how they respond to this he announces as the
  two men walk around to examine the faces of their suffering slave girls, both
  now streaked with tears with the mascara running down their smooth cheeks as
  they helplessly await further punishment. Their asses glow a bright shade of
  pinkish magenta all over. You've got to get past the stage of tears Slate
  announces Until they're screaming and begging for mercy. That's how to really
  put em in their place. My thoughts exactly replies Goodwood, limbering
  up his arm and planting his feet wide apart as he resumes his position behind
  Alison's red-hot posterior, giving himself enough room to swing the strap freely. 
SSSWACKK! SSSWACKK! The straps fall with sizzling impact, raising darker reddish
  welts two inches wide across the two bound girls' quivering rumps. SSSWACKK!
  SSSWACKK! SSWACKK! SSSWACKK! Alison is sobbing and sniveling again as her hips
  resume their dance on the bondage horse between her legs, unconsciously seeking
  relief in orgasm from the sting of the strap. She burns with humiliation, knowing
  that Slate has planned it this way, and that she will not be able to keep herself
  from responding in the manner he has designed. Already she feels her belly
  beginning to tighten up and coil, a knot of tension forming up there behind
  her super-sensitive pierced clit in the depths of her sweet hairless cunt. 
SSSWACKK! SSSWACKK! SSSWACKK! SSSWACK! SSSWACKK! SSSWACKK! Both girls are
  crying freely now, their bodies shaking with sobs and their bosoms heaving.
  Furiously Alison grinds her open crotch into the black leather pad to which
  her clit is fastened, pulling and stretching on her delicate feminine erection,
  sending lightning bolts of pierced pain and shocking arousal through her tight
  little belly as she desperately tries to lose herself in a slutty sexual reverie
  and channel the pain of the relentless whipping into hot cunty excitement,
  letting the lash of strap drive her to new levels of submissive delight. SSSWACKK!
  SSSWACKK! SSSWACKK! SSSWACKK! The two blonde slave girls are getting into it
  now their cries of shock and hurt with each blow blending into grunts and
  moans of arousal, no longer wanting the whipping to stop just yet Just a few
  more strokes and she'll be there, Alison thinks to herself as she feels her
  come gathering in the pit of her stomach, shivering with unreleased sexual
  tension, her throat thick as she whimpers and whines. 
SSSWACKK! SSSWACKK! SSSWACKK! SSSWACKK! The helpless blonde writhes in her
  bondage, chewing on the wadded-up and come-flavored panties in her mouth. Suddenly
  a bomb explodes inside her, her body shivering and shaking violently on the
  horse as wave after wave of hot wet ecstasy shoots through her, making her
  grind her teeth and almost tearing the ring from her excitedly twitching clit
  where it is locked to the leather pad pressed up between her legs. Goodwood
  never stops his relentless strapping of her behind. SSSWACKK! SSSWACKK! SSSWACK!
  SSSWACKK! Her body gradually fades into a sort of numbed afterglow, hardly
  even feeling the crack of the strap now on her welted posteriors, temporarily
  beyond responding to anything. 
SSSWACKK! SSSWACKK! SSSWACKK! SSSWACKK! On the smooth black post set up for
  her correction, Andrea lets out a muffled screech, bucking her smooth hips
  up and down to the limit of her ability on the pole that separates her long
  nyloned legs, rubbing her denuded crotch shamelessly on the phallic obelisk
  as she finally gets herself off, just as Slate is laying the twenty-fifth lash
  upon her well-welted rear end. I guess you win Goodwood remarks ruefully
  to the other man as Slate carelessly tosses the strap aside. For an amateur,
  your little Alison is certainly well-trained to the whip. She can't keep herself
  from coming, can she? No she can't, the little whore Slate replies darkly.
  Alison overhears this conversation with some anxiety. She feels the disapproval
  in Slate's voice. Maybe he didn't want her to surrender herself quite so easily
  to the urging of Goodwood's strap, she wonders confusedly. Still he did brag
  to the other man about her responsiveness is it possible that he could be
  a little bit jealous? The thought secretly pleases her. How silly he is. Doesn't
  he know that for her there can be no other, that Goodwood or Spider or any
  of the other men he has handed her over to are really just extensions of himself?
  She belongs to him in a special way, no matter who may take or use her body
  in the meantime. 
Let's switch places Slate suggests. I think I better remind this little
  fucking whore who her real Master is. Alison feels a thrill of terror run
  through her. She is going to pay in pain for Slate's little flash of jealousy.
  The game's not over yet. Meanwehile, Goodwood has no such emotions. He just
  likes to beat the asses of naked slave girls. One girl or the other, it doesn't
  matter much. It just makes his dick hard to make them cry. So even though the
  bet's been won, he's always ready to dole out some more punishment. 
As a matter of fact, the tall older guy has yet to show any emotion at all,
  other than a certain straightforward determination. He never smiles or looks
  angry, never shows much of anything on his bland poker face. He has yet to
  even take his cock out of his pants. In a way, his cold aloofness is even more
  scary than Slate's crude zeal. At least Alison knows that Slate takes a certain
  savage joy and satisfaction in the things he has done to her. She wonders if
  Goodwood feels anything at all. At any rate it doesn't matter now. Now she
  must deal with an aroused and angry Slate who is determined to make his mark
  on her. He approaches her with the heavy black leather cat in his hand, drawing
  a bead on her already reddened and welted tush as the other man takes position
  behind Andrea, who is still strapped up there straddling the pillar, squirming
  and shifting her weight anxiously from one high-heeled foot to the other. 
WHAPPPPP! The nine braided leather thongs of the cat whistle through the air,
  meeting the tied-up blonde's upraised buns in an explosion of burning pain.
  Alison jerks in her shackles, her eyes popping open, too shocked to even scream
  for a second. WHAPPPP! Without pause, Slate lets her have it again. Alison
  lets out a muffled shriek, still chewing on the soiled panties. She panics,
  trying to spit them out WHAPPPP! This hurts much worse than the strap WHAPPPP!
  There's nothing erotic about this beating it's sheer pain. WHAPPPP! Finally
  she manages to push the wadded up panties out of her mouth with her tongue,
  letting loose with a full-throated scream WHAPPPP! Before she can catch her
  breath, he strikes her again She gulps for air, wanting to plead, wanting
  to beg WHAPPPP! If he knew how badly he was hurting her WHAPPPP! PLEEEASSSE MASTER PLEEEASSSE she
  implores him WHAPPPP! PLEEEASSSE STOP PLEEASE OHHH GODDD WHAPPPP! By
  the tenth stroke she is begging and pleading shamelessly for him to stop, if
  even for just as minute The five black scars of the crop on her bright red
  behind have opened and are starting to ooze blood again. 
WHAPPPP! WHAPPPP! WHAPPPP! Time seems to stretch out forever with the intensity
  of her suffering and the flaming agony in her butt. After a few more lashes
  she gives up begging and pleading and just screams Screams and shrieks and
  screams some more as the whipping continues relentlessly. Twenty twenty one twenty
  two Alison counts the lashes silently in her head, knowing it must end, hoping
  it will end Twenty three twenty four twenty five Finally! There he must
  be through, she imagines thankfully, her chest heaving with her sobs. 
WHAPPPP! He gives her another, provoking a fresh outburst of screams. She
  thought he would stop at twenty five They said they would stop at twenty five WHAPPPP!
  Alison sobs brokenly, realizing that Slate could go on beating her all night,
  if he feels like it. WHAPPPP! She screams again in helpless frustration and
  self-pity, knowing that there's not a damn thing she can do about it. WHAPPPP!
  She moans low down in her throat, an ugly sound born of torture and despair WHAPPPP!
  With a flourish, Slate tosses the cat aside, finally stopping at thirty. Alison
  lies there heaving and sniveling and totally miserable, her chin trembling,
  feeling totally lost and in a world of hurt, convinced that Slate must hate
  her now to treat her co cruelly. She could bear almost any punishment more
  easily than his disapproval. 
It always helps to give them a few extra at the end Slate remarks conversationally Just
  when they think it's over. It really breaks their spirit when they have to
  take some more Indeed, Andrea is in little better shape than Alison, still
  hanging from the whipping post exhausted by her ordeal and nearly unconscious. I
  guess these two have had enough for tonight says Goodwood. There's no point
  beating them senseless. 
I agree Slate replies But surely you could use some relief from your
  shall we say tensions? Fiona, get your lazy ass up and come over here Mister
  Goodwood requires you to service him the hard-faced construction exec commands. Uhh Yessir,
  Boss the brunette mumbles, shaking herself out of her drug-induced haze.
  She's not all that surprised to find she might still be called upon. To tell
  the truth, she has been getting a little frustrated at being Alison's nursemaid
  and seeing the cute little blonde get all the action. After witnessing so many
  acts of sadomasochistic drama, her tightly-trimmed little pussy is ready for
  a good solid fucking. She'd already been thinking of how she could lure the
  ever-stolid Tony upstairs at the end of the evening. Maybe he's not long on
  brains or imagination, but he does have a nice thick prick. But now maybe she
  won't have to wait so long Clad only in her black bra, panties and nylons
  she walks over to the two men and kneels down on her knees. She looks up at
  Goodwood questioningly and he nods impassively. 
With his permission, she reaches up to unzip his fly and pull out his dick,
  already hard with the excitement of previous events. Her sensual bright red
  lips fasten greedily on his knob, sucking the grave-looking gent's white pecker
  into her throat, working up and down on it. Goodwood's face never changes its
  expression, although his prick is jumping around like a snake with its head
  cut off. Slate kneels down behind Fiona, pulling her black sheer panties down
  over her ample ass cheeks and loosening his belt to ease down his pants. The
  brunette leans forward, wiggling her butt to grant him easier access as he
  brings his solid cock up to the wet lips of her pussy. She grunts with satisfaction
  as his massive thickness batters past her labia and sinks easily into her hot
  wet squirmy cunt, the apple-sized head bumping hard against the back wall of
  her vagina as he fucks her like a dog. 
The brunette slurps and snorks loudly on Goodwood's hot pecker, dribbling
  her saliva down onto her breasts as Slate fucks her hard and fast, not wasting
  any time on preliminaries. Good thing for her she was already pretty well warmed-up,
  she thinks, mewling and shuddering with pleasure as her wet and receptive pussy
  starts clamping down on her boss' driving dickmeat. Meanwhile, a tiny tic has
  appeared at the corner of Goodwood's right eye, the only indication besides
  the tightening of his nuts that he is about to come. The sonofabitch is hardly
  even breathing hard. GUHHH The air explodes from his mouth as his throbbing
  twitching member spurts its hot slimy load, filling Fiona's eagerly sucking
  throat with sticky come that bubbles out of the corners of her mouth and drips
  down her chin as he thrusts himself in and out of her. 
Almost simultaneously, she feels Slate's dick exploding inside the depths
  of her slippery wet cunt, making her toss her ass around wildly as her spasmodically
  working pussy muscles suck the come right out of his balls. Slate pats her
  rump affectionately with his hand. The kinky dark-haired vixen just sits there
  on her heels, demurely wiping her chin with a tissue. Goodwood takes a few
  steps back, gathering himself as he reaches down to zip his fly back up. It's
  getting late he says I must excuse myself. I'll send one of the security
  guys to collect Andrea 
In fact, the platinum-haired hostess is completely passed out on the whipping
  post, down for the count. Alison is not in much better shape, exhausted and
  sore from her ordeal and beginning to come down from her drug-induced euphoria.
  Slate commands Fiona to pack up her bag and get dressed. It's time to go. Quickly,
  the brunette bitch gets herself together, pulling on her jumpsuit and gathering
  up their belongings into her capacious bag. She wipes the drops of blood from
  the oozing welts on her roommate's severely beaten buttocks. Do you wanna
  try and get this dress back on her, Boss? Fiona questions, indicating the
  half-conscious blonde with a movement of her head. No don't bother We'll
  just wrap the cape around her Slate responds Ring for some help, will you?
  I think we're going to have to carry her to the car. 
In a matter of moments, two of the hulking black-suited guards are at the
  door, lifting Alison from the bondage horse, wrapping her in the white satin
  cape and carrying her out the door and down the stairs as if she were as light
  as a feather. She whimpers slightly as they lift her but other than that she
  hardly stirs. In the hallway downstairs, they prop her up on her feet, the
  black-hooded enforcers supporting her as they wait for Tony to bring the limo
  around. As the car pulls up to the curb they are buzzed out the double doors
  and back into the August night. It is looking dark and stormy. As they half-walk
  half-carry the girl down the stairs to the sidewalk a sudden gust of wind blows
  Alison's cape open. A couple of young revelers passing by on the sidewalk across
  the street get a good look at her naked pierced cunt and long nyloned legs,
  making them whistle and point. Quickly the two goons hustle Alison into the
  big black car, propping her up between Fiona and Slate in the back seat once
  more as outside it begins to rain. She moans at the contact of her bruised
  rear end with the car seat, then sinks into a semi-conscious daze as Tony pulls
  the car out into traffic. 
Slate leans toward her to talk softly into her multiply-pierced ear, putting
  an arm around her caped shoulders. I know you can hear me, Alison I wanted
  to tell you that you were a very good girl tonight. You made me proud of you.
  I don't hate you the way you think I do. Your punishment was really more for
  your own good than mine. A necessary part of your training you'll understand
  that better in time 
The lovely blonde leans her head back against Slate's shoulder, comforted
  and somewhat reassured by his soft words, although her savagely abused bottom
  tells a different story. She is surprised to realize that she doesn't feel
  any anger towards him, in spite of the fresh pain and humiliation he has inflicted
  upon her. Rather, she feels a renewed devotion and grateful acceptance of her
  enslaved state. Relaxed and at peace with herself, the luscious if slightly
  shopworn blonde drifts into a doze, lulled by the sound of the limo's wheels
  on the wet city pavement. 
THIS ENDS THE FIRST BOOK. STAY TUNED FOR THE FURTHER ADVENTURES OF ALISON
  IN A SECOND VOLUME. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  teamster


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





