BDSM Library - For Samantha




For Samantha
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The first meeting between like minded people, written for an on-line friend.For Samantha   
Rob Wilson AKA Houndguy  
"Well, now what?" He asked her such a simple question
  once dinner was over.  
 "Lets go back to your place." Her answer had both surprised her and scarred
  her, it sounded like it was the most natural thing in the world to do. His
  place, she knew, was a hotel room he'd rented out during his short stay in
  the area. It would be getting dark by the time they got there and her invitation,
  she thought only now, was implying that she would stay the night.  
 "Sounds fine by me," he said, "but do you think you'll be able to find your
  way home?"  
 He gave her an out, which she appreciated. Hard to believe there were gentlemen
  in this world, or maybe he was just a moron. He certainly wasn't a bad looking
  moron. He was about six foot even, with a thin to average build. He weighed
  roughly 185 pounds she figured. His eyes were ice blue like a husky dog were
  and his hair dark brown, wavy and thick.  
 It was a short drive back to the hotel room. They had met months ago online,
  each one pursuing a mutual interest. Neither of them could remember who contacted
  whom first, but after many months of e-mail exchanges and long distance phone
  calls she finally agreed to meet him.  
 "Now is not the time for cold feet."   She thought
  to herself as the car pulled into the hotel's parking lot.  
 "Last chance," he said, "once we enter this room my whole persona is going
  to change." He unlocked the door and held it open for her. "Do you remember
  your safe word?"  
 She said it out loud, letting him know she was ready and took a deep breath. "Oh
  God." She stated and stepped into the center of the room.  
"STRIP!"  
 The command caught her off guard and she turned to face him.  
 "I gave you an order slave. I don't allow my slaves to wear clothes." He
  continued. "Now I want you to slowly undress, revealing your body to me."  
 Her hands moved towards the top of her blouse. She was not scared of him,
  but she never liked the idea of being naked in front of someone she just met.  
 He grabbed her by the back of her red hair; it hung to the middle of her
  back "What part of 'strip' don't you understand? Would you rather I cut away
  your clothes?"  
 "No Sir" She gasped. He had pulled a bit harder than she thought he would.  
 "No Master" he corrected her.  
 "No Master. I'll strip."  
 He released her hair and sat back on the bed. He was going to enjoy this.  
 " Bastard."   She thought. Her hands trembled a little,
  but undid the first button. Then the second and third buttons on her blouse
  until it slipped off her shoulders.  
 "Leave the bra on for now, lets see some leg shall we."  
 She had worn a skirt and with a tug on the clasp that to fell off her lithe
  body. She stepped out of it.  
 "Grasp your hands behind your head and spread those legs slave. I want to
  examine you." As she did so, he stood kicking her clothes into a corner of
  the room.  
 "Let us get a few things straight." He said, standing just inches away from
  her. He was a full half foot taller then her. She could smell a sweat mix of
  desire, sweat, power and her own growing fear in the room. He continued, "You
  are a slave. Property. You have no rights, no desires other then to bring me
  pleasure. Do you understand?"  
 "Yes Master" she said, weakly. The fear in her own voice surprised her;
  normally she was so strong, so confident. Standing here, exposed but not yet
  naked was different, she felt small. She had been dominated before but never
  by this man.  
 "Now you are going to learn proper respect." He stepped to one side and
  pressed his knees hard into the back of hers and she fell, catching herself
  with outstretched arms.  
 "Position." He said, grabbing her by the arms and pulling her back. He forced
  them behind the back of her head again. "Now you will repeat after me and keep
  repeating this until I say stop."  
 She repeated what he had told her to repeat. After twenty times of repeating, "I
  am a slave, the only purpose of this slave is to serve her Master in any why
  that he sees fit" He told her to stop.  
 "Now when I ask what you are you will say?"  
 "I am your slave Master."  
 "And what is your purpose?"  
 "To serve you in any way that you see fit."  
 "Excellent. Now stand."  
 She did so, her hands still clasped behind her head. For some reason known
  only to her, she kept her gaze down on the floor.  
 "Now just a few more rules my pretty slave. First, your eyes will always
  be downcast but I see you do that already. If you look up, I'll beat you with
  my belt is that understood?"  
 "Yes Master."  
 "Good, that is also one of only four phrases you may utter. The others are
  'No Master', 'Please Master' and 'Thank you Master.'" He smiled, an evil smile
  she thought. "Do you understand?"  
 "Yes Master"  
 "Now finish taking off your clothes."  
 She tugged off her panties and then bra. Standing before him completely
  naked he stood before her, cupping one breast then the other in his hands.
  He pinched one nipple then the other. He then run one hand over her shaved
  clit, feeling the warmth that was slowly starting to build. He smiled that
  evil smile once again.  
 He then crossed the room and lit some candles on the table as well as others
  spread about the room. It gave the room a soft golden glow; he then turned
  out the lights leaving just the candles. Pulling out a large blue bag she had
  not seen before he reached into the bag he pulled out some chains.  
 "This my slave is called a sirik. It is a collar and chain combination,
  it will restrict your movement and enhance your natural beauty." He pulled
  it out of the bag and placed it on the table by the windows on the other side
  of the room. He also pulled out a leather collar, a leash, and a riding crop,
  of which he placed on the floor next to the table. "First though, we need to
  get you collared and to make sure you know your position."  
 He went over to the dresser behind her, she didn't dare turn around but
  he kind of hoped she would. Walking back in front of her he sat on the hotel's
  bed once again.  
 "Here are the keys to the sirik, there are two sets. Once it is locked on
  you it will stay on you till I'm finished. You may unlock the sirik at any
  time, but to do so will disappoint me very much. Now you don't want to do that
  do you?"  
 "No Master" although she wondered what he was up to.  
 He dropped the keys into a plain white envelope and sealed it. He then placed
  them on the nightstand by the phone. "Drop down onto all fours."  
 She did so, catching a whiff of smoke and feet that the cleaning crew could
  not hide in the motel's carpet. He stood and stepped behind her.  
 "Eyes straight" was all he said.  
 The first blow of his hand across her flesh caught her by surprise; it was
  followed quickly by ten more on each ass check in rapid order. She bucked to
  the right and then left but each blow landed harder than the others. She could
  feel the sting and the pain work their way up her body, the heat rising on
  her now sore butt.  
 "Stay down on all fours and fetch me the collar. In your teeth, like a good
  little puppy."  
 She shoot him a glance that was designed to kill, but then she noticed that
  he had removed his leather belt and looped it. Her butt would make a tempting
  target. She scampered like a good puppy to the table grabbing the collar in
  her teeth and crawling back to him.  
 "Please Master." She said, laying the collar at his feet.  
 "Damn Girl!" He smiled. "You do learn fast, but did I not tell you not to
  look at me?"  
 She realized now that the belt would have a target. "Yes Master."  
 "And did you not just shoot me a nasty look when I told you to crawl for
  the collar."  
 "Yes Master."  
 "Now cross your arms in front of you and bow before me till your forehead
  touches the carpet."  
 She did so, trembling a little. He placed his hand on the middle of her
  back, holding her there. She waited for the belt to hit its target. " Oh
  come on" she thought, "When is he going to&hellip;"   
 The pain of the belt hitting the soft inner section of her ass caught her
  off guard and a "Yipe" of pain escaped her lips. She instantly clenched her
  cheeks together as the next blow came. He waited until she relaxed then raised
  the belt again. It was a satisfying "snap" and again the strength of the blow
  forced a cry out of her.  
 "What are you?" He asked.  
 "Your slave Master." She answered as yet another blow landed, this one on
  her shoulders.  
 "And what is your purpose?" He waited, the belt raised in the air. Her left
  shoulder, the skin glowing in the candlelight made a tempting target.  
 "To serve my Master in any way he sees fit." She answered. The blow landed
  and she cried out again.  
 "Please Master." She sobbed.  
 He collared her in that same position.  
"Now fetch me the crop, in your teeth again my
  little puppy." She quickly did so.  
While still on all fours and he quickly attached
  the sirik. A chain ran from the collar down to a metal ring from which four
  additional chains, one for each arm and leg attached to cuffs around her ankles
  and wrists. He allowed her to stand and turn to see herself in the mirror.  
 "Thank you Master" she said. The comment had been unprompted. The chains
  hung loosely from her nude form but he was right, they highlighted and celebrated
  the nakedness of her body. She could help but pose a little in the mirror as
  the small silver chains caught the soft light from the candles.  
  Sirik.   
 As she stood there admiring her body in the mirror, he walked up behind
  her. Running his hands over her legs and still sore bottom he whispered into
  her ear "What are you?"  
 "Your slave Master."  
 With that she felt the blindfold go over her eyes bringing a soft and delicious
  darkness to her world. Next she felt him run a knot over her shoulders and
  back.  
 " What the hell?"   she thought to herself.  
 "Open wide."  
 "A gag! How wonderful."   She felt him adjust it and
  secure it. It was a cloth gag, the knot fit perfectly in her mouth.  
 With an "oomph" she felt herself being thrown over his shoulder and then
  tossed onto the bed. She landed hard and knew that she was at his mercy. She
  cried out into the gag but was greeted with only an "mmph" for her troubles.  
 "What's that my slave? Would you like me to play with your tits?" She felt
  his weight beside her on the bed.  
 "MMmph" she repeated.  
 He cupped her right breast in his hand, caressing it softly then slowly
  moved his hand up towards the nipple where he grabbed it and slowly pinched
  it until she was wiggling away from him on the bed.  
 "Oh no, we can't have that." She felt him stand and move away from her.
  She stained to hear what he was doing.  
 With a 'click' she realized one leg was free, she playfully kicked at him.
  He grabbed her by the ankle, forcing her leg down and into a cuff of some kind.  
 "Just for that slave, I will show you no mercy."  
 He quickly undid her other leg and cuffed her ankle. She lay there for a
  second, unsure what he had done. She lifted her right leg slightly and felt
  the tension on her left leg.  
 "A spreader bar,"   she thought, "I really
      am at his mercy."   
 A sting interrupted any additional thoughts she may have had as the pain
  arched across her shaven mound. Again and again the riding crop fell against
  her privates. If she rolled over to avoid one blow it was delivered to another
  region of her body. He took particular care to aim for the tenderest parts
  of his young slave's anatomy.  
 "Mmph. Mmmmph!" she cried into the gag over and over again.  
 "Don't care." He said. "You tried to kick me. You pay the price."  
 He stopped the beating and looked at her. Golden beads of sweat and the
  soft light of the candles gave her nude body an almost angelic quality.  
 He poured himself a drink, giving both of them a moment's respite. He smiled
  to himself and swirled the ice in the glass. Grabbing a piece he run a piece
  from the top of her navel to the center of her chest.  
 Compared to the sting of the crop and the heat of her body the cool ice
  sent electric shock waves through her system. He grabbed another piece and
  rubbed it on each nipple until they were nice and hard, he couldn't resist
  sucking on them a little.  
 "Mmph" she said into the gag. It was a combination of protest and acceptance.  
 He slipped an ice cube up side her, amazed at how fast it melted. "Mmph,
  mmph" she cried trying to expel the cold, hard invader.  
 " OH God, OOOH God. HOT!"   She screamed into the gag,
  but of course he could not hear her or did he care. He had switched the coolness
  of the ice for some candle wax and was dripping it across her breasts and stomach.
  He smiled to himself as he created little wax designs across the canvas.  
 He raised the candle higher, he was afraid of burning her with the wax.
  Some of the melted wax formed a drop on the end of the taper and started to
  fall he aimed for the bellybutton.  
 She bucked as it hit her, arching her back in the most seductive way.  
 "What will I do next?" He smiled to himself as he looked into the bag then
  at his pretty struggling victim. "What will I do next indeed?"  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rob Wilson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





