BDSM Library - The Professor's Rape of His Teenage Students




The Professor's Rape of His Teenage Students
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A student needs an 'A' in his class and he needs the student. Co-written by Powerone and SarahBell.Author: Powerone and SarahBell  
Title: The Professor's Rape Of His Teenage Students  
Summary: A student needs an 'A' in his class and he needs
  the student.  
Keywords: M/F, reluc, nc, anal, oral,  
The Professor's&nbsp;Rape Of His Teenage Students  
Copyright 2004. Powerone can be contacted at controlher@hotmail.com  and
  SarahBell can be contacted at sarahbell0990@hotmail.com   
Michael was settled into his life as a Professor over the
  past ten years. He had married one of his graduate students, a girl, ten years
  younger, enjoying young flesh much more than women his own age. At first life
  was good, then marriage became more of a chore than an adventure. They divorced
  over five years ago leaving Michael a single Professor, not a bad predicament
  to be in on a campus that had twice as many female students as males. Michael,
  a football player in college, was over six feet two inches tall and about 225
  pounds. While the years had taken away some of the muscle, he managed to work
  out in the college gym enough to keep from getting fat. His natural boyish
  good looks, his large frame and his professor status were enough to keep the
  girls looking in his direction.  
He often flirted with his students, but the school frowned
  on fraternization of professors with students, immediate dismissal the result.
  He tried dating outside the university campus but the rural location limited
  his choices. Then he had come up with a plan. He noticed many young girls,
  just graduated from high school, away from home for the first time, eighteen,
  nineteen, even twenty years old, with young, nubile bodies that made his cock
  hard every time he saw them. He loved the way their tits would stand up, how
  their nipples would harden at the slightest provocation and their lovely legs
  hiding secrets below short skirts. Many were very submissive in nature, the
  university life with the power the professors had over them fueling it. He
  had tested his theory that he could get away with what he wanted, the fear
  of being exposed, flunked, humiliated or subject to ridicule forcing these
  young beauties to accept almost anything.  
At first he started off simple, failing an attractive student
  on a test or paper. She would come to him in tears, this being the first time
  she had ever failed anything. He would comfort her; tell her it was just probably
  a fluke and that she would likely do better next time. His hands linger on
  her shoulders, brush a tear from her face or hold onto her slim, often naked
  waist while he spoke gently to her. She would begin to get comfortable with
  him. The next opportunity, he would do the same, maybe not flunk the student,
  but give her a &quot;D&quot;. Again, there would be the tears, the explanations,
  the pleading with what would happen if she should fail his course. He would
  explain that he could not devote the time now to talk about her problems, having
  to go to a dinner with the Dean. It would be very inconvenient for him to do
  it, but if she would return at 7:00 tonight, after his dinner with the Dean,
  he would be able to help her solve her problem. She might give him some excuse
  for not being able to come, knowing that the building would be empty except
  for them, afraid of being alone with him. He would brush aside her excuses. &quot;If
  you think you are more important than the Dean, go to him and explain to him
  why you are flunking.&quot; This usually did it, some muttered an apology and
  then consented.  
He would wait for her in his office, sitting on the leather
  couch, more of a love seat, only able to seat two. He would have her sit next
  to him while he would start off strong, blaming her for not working hard enough,
  spending too much time on other classes, doing it deliberately because she
  thought she could talk him into a good grade. This stance was meant to provoke
  the tears and usually did.  
His hand would go across the student's shoulders, bringing
  the sweet girl's body against his own. He would smell her hair, the faint hint
  of perfume on her body, his other hand lightly stroking up and down her arm
  as he soothed in a gentle voice. He could feel her body slightly tremble with
  fear, making his cock bulge against his pants. He would tell her that he could
  help her but she must also help him.  
He would lift her head up by her chin, her face only inches
  from his, their eyes staring at each other. This was the moment he loved. His
  other hand would move down to hers, lifting it from her lap and placing it
  on his hard cock. The look in her eyes would be priceless. The surprise, then
  the fear as he pushed her hand down on his cock, wrapping her fingers around
  the huge member, her tiny hand barely able to go around it. The shocked look
  as she felt a man's cock for the first time, not a boy's tiny cock. He would
  move her hand up and down, masturbating his hard cock. Then he would remove
  his hand, still looking in her eyes. &quot;Take it out of my pants,&quot; he'd
  order her. He could see the look of helplessness in her eyes, as he'd hear
  the sound of his zipper being pulled down. Then the sudden excitement he'd
  feel when her soft hand slipped inside his shorts, her skin touching his naked
  cock for the first time, feeling the heat of the hard cock jerking in her hand.  
He'd feel the cool air of the room on his naked cock, see
  her eyes looking down then back up in embarrassment. &quot;Yes, it's big isn't
  it,&quot; he would tell her. &quot;Rub it a little, then I want you on your
  knees in front of the couch and you're going to put it into your hot little
  mouth and suck it until I cum.&quot;  
&quot;No,&quot; she would mouth, words unable to come from
  her throat. But her hand would continue to masturbate him, knowing that he
  had won.  
&quot;I'm sure you will get an A next time,&quot; he would
  watch as she slowly got up from the couch and kneeled before him, resigned
  to her fate. He would touch her face again, his fingers running across her
  lips. &quot;So sweet, such lovely lips,&quot; his finger would push into her
  mouth, simulating what his cock would soon be doing. He would lean back in
  his seat, watching as she waited. &quot;In your mouth,&quot; his hand would
  hold his hard cock up for her.  
The big eyes would look back at him pleading, but she would
  eventually lean forward, her mouth open until it encircled his hard cock. He
  would make his cock jerk as soon as it touched her lips, watching her startled
  look on her face as she felt the hard shaft against her mouth. &quot;Use your
  tongue on it, taste my cum.&quot; He would relax, enjoying her oral ministrations
  on his cock, fighting to hold back his orgasm, wanting to enjoy her hot breath
  on his cock, her lips wrapped tightly around it. &quot;Move your head up and
  down, keep your lips tight and tongue the end of my cock,&quot; he would order
  her. Her head would move up and down, her hair swinging back and forth as she
  sucked his cock.  
He wouldn't last much longer, grabbing her head with his
  hands, one hand gripping her hair tightly, the other used to keep her head
  still. &quot;Breathe through your nose,&quot; he would order her, &quot;I'm
  going to put my cock in your throat.&quot; His cock would jerk as it slowly
  passed into the tight confines of her throat, her choking and gagging as it
  passed increasing his pleasure. He would always pull out of her throat when
  he was ready to cum, wanting her to taste his cum, making sure he shot on her
  tongue, shooting some into the back of her mouth, choking her with the heavy,
  salty fluid.  
He would always let his cock linger in her mouth, making
  her swallow his fluids, loving the look on her face, tears in her eyes as his
  limp cock sat heavily in her mouth, telling her how good she were at sucking
  cock and how she would now receive an "A".  
He would do this only once to a student. They were usually
  so embarrassed, it being worse when they received their &quot;A&quot; and realized
  what they had performed for the high grade. He had done that for almost five
  years, with sometimes up to four students a year.  
But the game had become boring, almost too easy. Last year
  he tried something new. He used the same scam, flunking them a few times, then
  calling them into his office late at night. But he wanted more excitement.
  Now he raped them. Usually starting in his office, raping their mouths, pussies
  or assholes. Then he would take them to a small house not far away from the
  campus and very private, where a gag would not be required. He enjoyed the
  pleading and screaming the rapes usually provoked. He would keep them there
  for the weekend, subjecting them to multiple rapes in all of their holes. He
  would talk to them before he returned them to the campus, forcing them to realize
  that he controlled their destiny and that few would believe he was capable
  of such unspeakable acts. He had cleverly arranged an alibi, having found a
  person that was so similar in looks to him, only someone that knew him well
  would recognize it wasn't him. That person would take a plane on Friday night
  to some destination and stay the weekend, making his presence known to many
  people. The person who did this got a first class vacation for nothing and
  Michael got his foolproof alibi.  
For a final trump card, he also taped part of their sexual
  encounters, often on the final day when they resigned themselves to his taking
  of their bodies, seeming to be a willing participant instead of a rape victim.
  He would show the tape and threaten to post it on the Internet and let their
  fellow students know where it could be found. This is what usually did the
  trick, resigned to the fact that the rape had already happened and they could
  not do anything to turn back the clock.  
He was very particular about his victims. He didn't just
  grab anyone; he was always looking for a specific type or nationality. The
  first time he had raped a black girl, never having had one before sexually,
  he enjoyed it immensely, her black face looking at him and her pink lips wrapped
  around his cock allowed him to shoot off in her mouth three times in a row
  without even withdrawing. Her jaw was almost busted from the long period she
  was forced to service his cock. She must have sucked it for over an hour.  
This year he craved an Asian girl. He would enjoy the small,
  tight body. He had already picked his victim. Her name was Mita, a small girl
  of Japanese heritage in one of his classes.  
Mita stood at 5&quot;4&quot; tall, 115 pounds with straight
  black hair that fell below her shoulders. She had penetrating Asian eyes and
  full lips that could make a boy's cock harden whenever she sensuously licked
  her lips. She worked out in college gym three times a week and was proud of
  her firm ass and her best asset, her breasts. This is what turned the boys'
  heads. She would often not wear a bra, her 32Bs would stand up proudly. She
  loved to wear tight, thin-strapped tank tops, especially as classrooms were
  often chilly, her nipples poking out like hard erasers, a slight jiggle in
  her breasts as she wrote.  
She wanted to go to law school so she had to have excellent
  grades, but she had to work hard to achieve them. She was not like some that
  it would come easy to, each &quot;A&quot; required hard work. That was the
  reason she took Michael's class. He was known to be a good lecturer and an
  easy grader, especially to the female students. Mita desperately needs an &quot;A&quot; in
  his class to boost her GPA, so she planned to go braless often to class, sitting
  in the front room, hoping to help her chances for an &quot;A&quot;.  
Mita did not date much. She would often accept lunch dates
  after class, knowing that the boy would pay for lunch but was not into developing
  a serious relationship. She could see the way they looked at her, eyes peering
  down her flimsy top, hoping to catch a glimpse of the quarter-sized dark areolas
  that surrounded her eraser-end like nipples. She could feel their stares as
  she walked away, watching her ass sway seductively as she walked. They all
  desired to get her into her hot, teenage pussy.  
Mita wasn't a virgin, but she wasn't promiscuous. She had
  sex with only boys she was in love with and the count, thus far, was two so
  her experience was limited. Mita really wasn't really into sex, she liked it,
  but she never craved it. She couldn't even cum when she masturbated so she
  hardly ever touched herself. She couldn't get past the notion that she was
  self-servicing herself and that turned her off.  
Sex to her was what was required to please her boyfriend
  at that time. She would often be asked to suck their cock. She still had a
  hard gag reflex, but that seemed to delight them even more, the sound of her
  choking and gagging as they pushed their cock deep into her tight throat making
  them even harder. She would swallow their cum to please them but did not like
  the feeling or the taste of their cum on her tongue, the salty, pasty fluids
  often making her choke as it ran down her throat.  
Her ass was firm and round and still virginal. She never
  allowed her boyfriends to stick their finger up there, let alone their cocks.
  She thought that type of sex wasn't romantic and drew the line on it.  
Her boyfriends would often make her do some kinky things
  for them. One boyfriend would make her lick her fingers and then rub her nipples.
  Then he would tell her to massage her breasts as he fucked her pussy . While
  her nipples would become very hard, Mita was humiliated displaying herself
  in that way.  
The other boyfriend would make her finger herself as she
  sucked his cock. She did that too but never enjoyed it. He would watch her
  masturbate, her fingers gripped tightly by her pussy as he pulled her nipples,
  her mouth sucking his cock, hoping to make him cum so her embarrassment would
  end. She did not want to be thought of as a sex toy.  
Her breasts turned both her lovers on. They would make her
  ride them, forcing her to sit on their big cocks, her arms behind her neck,
  her elbows pointed to the side, her breasts thrust out. Then they would make
  her fuck them, loving to see her breasts bounce as she did, their hard cock
  pushing deep into her tight pussy. She would have to shut her eyes, not wanting
  to see the lust in their eyes as she performed for them, glad when she finally
  felt their hot cum gushing in her pussy.  
Mita sat in the front section of Michael's class, wanting
  to impress him, always taking good notes. She hoped that he would notice her
  attentiveness as this class was the only one that concerned her. Some days
  she would wear a skirt or dress, always rather short, highlighting her lovely
  legs. She would often notice Michael looking at her. While she did not attempt
  to gather his attention toward her, she didn't want to stop it either. She
  needed all the help she could get; if her naked legs made him look to see how
  well she was taking notes, then so be it. Her tops would get even more of his
  attention. The classrooms were usually cold, the air conditioning always blowing.
  She often would wear a thin top without a bra, her pointed nipples poking out
  the front like a pair of small headlights. She was uncomfortable with his staring,
  often distracting her from what he was saying.  
Trouble began a month ago. It was the first essay test and
  Mita spent a lot of time preparing for it. She thought she knew it forward
  and backward. A few days later she received her grade. It was an &quot;F&quot;.
  Mita had never received an &quot;F&quot; on any college exam before.  
She went to talk to Michael during his office hours and
  nearly broke down in tears. &quot;I don't know what happened,&quot; sobbing
  as she sat there, &quot;I'm always in class taking notes, I don't understand
  it. I really need a good grade in this class.&quot;  
Michael stood up and went behind her, putting his hands
  on her shoulders. He could smell her perfume, the smell of her hair, his cock
  jumping in his pants. &quot;It's only the first exam, you still had time to
  make up your grade.&quot; He rubbed her shoulders, feeling how tense she was.
  She just needs a good fuck and that would make it all better, he thought and
  silently chuckled. &quot;Just study harder and take better notes. If you are
  still having problems after the next exam, come back and talk to me. I'm sure
  there is some way that we can help each other out."  
Mita felt a little relieved, though not really understanding
  his last remark of helping each other out. Maybe she could do some extra credit
  work. &quot;Thank you.&quot; Mita stood up quickly, a little uncomfortable
  with his hands on her shoulders, rubbing them.  
Mita noticed that Michael paid even more attention to her
  in class. She would be taking notes, feeling his eyes on her. Maybe he won't
  be such a hard grader since he sees how hard I'm trying in his class, Mita
  thought.  
What she didn't know, however, was that Michael wasn't looking
  to see how good of a student she was. He was looking at her breasts, the slight
  bounce in them as she furiously scribbled her notes. He imagined how those
  breasts would feel in his hands. He looked down at her legs, the short skirt
  barely covering anything, thinking of how tight her body would be. How her
  pussy would milk his hard cock. His fantasy would only last a few seconds,
  his cock already stirring in his pants, the podium could only conceal so much.  
Mita felt confident after the next essay test, expecting
  no lower then a &quot;B&quot;. She even smiled to Michael as she turned it
  in. Her happiness over the test lasted only for a week when the exams were
  returned. She had done better then an &quot;F&quot;, but not quite an &quot;A&quot;.
  In fact it was a &quot;D&quot;. Tears welled up in her eyes. She answered everything!
  She even added details that most students probably failed to write. What could
  she have done wrong?  
Mita approached Michael after class, &quot;I don't understand
  my grade. I was sure I got an "A", at least a "B".  
&quot;I have another class to go to right now, but let's
  talk about your grade later,&quot; Michael said.  
Can I see you during your office hours?&quot; Mita asked.  
&quot;Actually, you just reminded me. I'm canceling my office
  hours this week. I have conferences with the Dean all week, with a dinner on
  Friday,&quot; Michael said. &quot;I'm trying to convince him why my department
  needs more money."  
&quot;I'd really like to talk to you as soon as possible,&quot; Mita
  said. &quot;I can make time for you. Just let me know when you would be available.&quot; Her
  voice sound urgent, she needed to resolve this, she couldn't wait.  
&quot;Why don't you stop by my office Friday night around
  9? I know that's late, but I plan to stop by my office after the dinner to
  pick up some things,&quot; Michael said. He paused and added, &quot;that might
  actually be better because you won't have to compete with other students who
  also want to talk about their grades. I know you're trying hard, Mita, that's
  why I'm letting you see me at so late on a Friday.&quot;  
Mita hesitated. She didn't want to be meet with him that
  late. She knew that most professors and students leave the campus early on
  Fridays to get a quick start on the weekend. However, she also knew how much
  this grade could hurt her. If she failed this class, she might as well kiss
  any chance of entering a good law school goodbye. &quot;If that is the only
  time, fine. I will see you Friday night,&quot; at least partially relieved.
  She would to do whatever was necessary to fix this. It was too important.  
It was a nice and clear Friday night, Mita arriving with
  her class notebook and old tests. Before she left her apartment, she practiced
  what she was going to say. &quot;I'll just mention all the good points that
  I made in my essays,&quot; she thought to herself. She planned to show Michael
  all the notes she took and argue why she deserved a higher grade.  
As she walked down the halls of the building, she felt uneasy.
  She wasn't used to the building so empty and quiet, the only thing she could
  hear was the sound of her feet shuffling down the hall.  
 As she walked up the stairs to the second level and turned
  the corner, she knew her professor was in his office. His door was the only
  one open and the light was on. She walked in the office. It looked different.
  Usually, the office was cluttered with books. Books would be all over his desk,
  on some chairs, stacked alongside the walls and bookshelf, piled on the floor.
  This time, most of the books on the desk, chairs, and floors were gone.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
  office looked bigger and more spacious.  
&quot;Hi, Mita, good to see you. Have a seat,&quot; said
  Michael when she came in. He was sitting behind his desk putting documents
  into his briefcase. His desk looked awfully bare without any books on it. The
  only things on it were pens and a few papers.  
Mita took a seat in front of the desk and waited until Michael
  finished packing his briefcase. The air was warm in the office. The University
  always turned off the air conditioner on the weekend to conserve electricity.
  She took off her cardigan revealing her tight red spaghetti strap tank top.
  She wished she had not worn it now, thinking that the cardigan would cover
  her.  
Michael inconspicuously glanced up from his briefcase to
  notice that she was not wearing a bra. Her nipples were soft but still could
  be faintly seen. He felt his cock start to harden. &quot;So, you're here to
  talk about the exam?&quot; Michael said.  
&quot;Yes sir,&quot; Mita began. She couldn't finish. She
  could feel the pent up frustration well up as tears. She told herself to be
  strong, but she couldn't stop from crying. &quot;Oh, professor, I tried so
  hard on both of these exams. I don't think I deserve the grades I got," Mita
  cried.  
He looked concerned, got up and walked from behind the desk,
  standing behind her. He put his hand on her shoulders, feeling her silky skin.
  He looked down the front of her top, able to see the generous cleavage the
  top highlighted. &quot;It's ok, Mita, grades aren't everything. There's one
  more test left for the semester. You probably won't get an "A" but there's
  still a possibility that you could pass," he said.  
&quot;No,&quot; she gasped between sobs. &quot;You don't
  understand. If I don't do well, I don't get into a good law school.&quot;  
Michael kept his hand on her shoulders, rubbing them as
  before. &quot;You're an excellent student in his class." He let one hand run
  through her black hair, his other hand rubbing her shoulder. His cock was hard.  
&quot;There is something you can do to greatly improve your
  grade,&quot; Michael said, his hands continuing to run over her body.  
&quot;What is it? I'll do anything right now,&quot; she
  sobbed.  
Michael let his fingers run up the back of her neck, over
  to the side of her face, pausing before saying, &quot;Mita, you're a beautiful
  girl. You're young and you're just absolutely gorgeous.&quot; He took a deep
  breath and continued, &quot;Can you think of anything that I might want from
  you Mita?&quot;  
Michael stood to the side of her, his hand lifting her face
  up to him.&nbsp;&nbsp;She was staring at his crotch, noticing the bulge in
  his pants only inches from her face. She tried to turn her head away, Michael's
  hand holding her tightly. She felt his other hand reach down and grab her wrist,
  pulling her limp arm up and pressing it against his bulge. Mita could feel
  the hard cock in his pants. Her eyes widened and a shiver ran through her.
  She tried to take her hand away, but Michael caught it and held it there. He
  bent down to kiss her cheek.  
&quot;No, professor, no,&quot; Mita protested, trying to
  stand up.  
Michael caught her and pushed her back down in the chair.
  He kissed her cheek again, pinning her hand against his jerking cock, whispering
  in her ear, &quot;Listen, Mita, I'm very well respected at this University.
  I've brought in a lot of money for this school and haven't had an ounce of
  trouble. I could fail you if I wanted to, it would be as easy as snapping my
  fingers. It wouldn't matter if you write the best essay in the class, you would
  get an &quot;F&quot;. The University knows that many students lie and make
  up reasons for getting a better grade. If I fail you, the University will support
  me no matter how much you protest.&quot;  
Mita sat in the chair and cried. Michael bent down next
  to her, his face near hers. He continued, &quot;Now, if you do everything I
  tell you to do, you will get an "A". You won't even have to take the test.&quot; His
  hand moved down to her thighs, one hand slipping between her legs, rubbing
  up and down her jeans.  
Mita felt his hand running up and down the inside of her
  legs, the big hand pushing out on her legs, making her spread them. She felt
  his lips on her cheek again, his hand becoming more urgent, moving up higher
  and higher. It would only be a matter of time and he would be running his hand
  over her sex. What could she do? She was powerless, trapped in the room, the
  building empty. Even if she screamed, would anyone be around to help her? She
  knew that no one would believe her if she accused one of the most respected
  professors of sexual harassment.  
Michael let his hand continue the exploration of her thigh,
  seeing her fists clenched tightly, but her arms unwilling to stop his unwanted
  fondling of her body. That was all he needed to continue. &quot;Do you have
  a boyfriend Mita?&quot;  
She looked at him, getting angry now. &quot;That's personal,&quot; she
  shot back.  
&quot;I said, do you have a boyfriend? I expect an answer,&quot; his
  large hand able to grip her thigh and squeeze it tightly.  
&quot;OOOOWWW, that hurts!&quot; she cried out, his hand
  feeling like a vise on her thigh, trapping the tender flesh.  
&quot;We can do this the hard way or the easy way, Mita.
  It's up to you, but we will do it. You're not going anywhere until I'm finished
  with you.&quot; He released her thigh, but then tightened again, feeling her
  squirm in pain. &quot;Now, do you have a boyfriend?&quot;  
Silence lay thickly between them, her eyes glaring at him.
  She felt the pain of his hand again. &quot;Not now,&quot; she replied hesitatingly,
  feeling the hand relax and begin to caress her thighs again.  
&quot;Have anyone ever fucked your tight pussy?&quot; He
  continued to rub her thighs.  
&quot;Yes,&quot; her head hanging in shame.  
&quot;Did your old boyfriends make you suck their cocks,
  Mita?&quot;  
She really felt uncomfortable, making her tell of her intimate
  relations. She felt his hand squeeze her thigh again, &quot;OOOW, yes.&quot;  
Michael's cock jumped at the thought of her lips wrapped
  around his cock, her hot breath on his cockhead. &quot;Has anyone ever fucked
  you in the ass, Mita?&quot;  
&quot;No,&quot; she quickly exclaimed, &quot;never!&quot;  
He had found her weakness, her asshole. He always exploited
  what they feared the most. In Mita's case, it was her sweet asshole. That would
  be his first conquest. He leaned over and began to kiss her, feeling her lips
  tighten as he did. &quot;Kiss back,&quot; he demanded, his hand squeezing again,
  her legs spreading apart in pain. He pressed his lips on hers again, this time
  her soft lips parted, allowing his tongue to enter her mouth, rub over her
  teeth. His hand moved to her breasts, rubbing the youthful globes, no bra protecting
  them from his hands. She squirmed more in the chair, his other hand now up
  to her crotch, her thick jeans her only protection.  
&quot;I'll have you kicked out of school if you resist.
  Now let me have my way with you. Relax; you will enjoy it and I will make you
  cum for me,&quot; he taunted her.  
Mita began to cry, her sobs blocked by his lips, her hands
  still clutching the chair arms, his hands having unfettered access to her nubile
  body.  
&quot;Stand up,&quot; he suddenly ordered her, pulling her
  up from the chair. He moved behind her, his face nuzzling her neck, &quot;you
  are a sexy little bitch,&quot; he taunted her more.  
She could feel his hard cock pressed up against her ass.
  She knew that he was going to rape her and she could do nothing to stop him.
  His hands moved over her body. He squeezed her nearly naked breasts, fingertips
  finding her nipples, squeezing them to erection as she squirmed in pain. His
  hand slid down her taut stomach, stopping at the top of her jeans, nervously
  fumbling with her belt. She felt the material relax, her belt hanging uselessly
  open. Mita closed her eyes when she felt the button open, the zipper sounding
  like an airplane in the quiet room as it was slipped down.  
Michael's cock jerked against her tight ass as he lowered
  the zipper. He heard her sobbing. &quot;Don't resist, Mita. I'm stronger then
  you are. I'm going to fuck you, so you might as well relax and enjoy it. I
  have a nice big cock that is going to stuff your little body and make you cum." He
  laughed at her obvious discomfort.  
Michael's large body easily overpowered Mita. Her 115-pound
  body stood no chance against his 225 pounds. His large hand, barely able to
  fit, pushed into her jeans and her panty-covered abdomen, feeling her naked
  sex.  
&quot;You shave your pussy, you little whore,&quot; he mocked
  her, feeling her naked pussy. &quot;Just like a little girl, Mita.&quot;  
Mita didn't know what to say. Her professor was going to
  rape her. She just continued to cry.  
 She felt him pushing her over to the desk, her hips banging
  painfully against the side of it.  
"Lean over, Mita, put your hands on the desk and I will
  fuck your hot, tight ass," Michael said. His hand on her back pushed her down
  on the desk, her almost naked breasts hitting the cold surface. She felt a
  hand slap her ass, the jean material taking the brunt of the pain  
.  
&quot;Hold that position for me Mita. Be a good girl and
  I will feed you some cock," Michael said, his voice filled with lust. He finished
  taking off her jeans and her panties slid partly down with them. Mita cried
  louder as she felt herself slowly being stripped from the waist down. She could
  feel him kneeling behind her, and she was ashamed at how she must have looked.  
Michael ran his hands over her ass and noticed that her
  panties were barely able to conceal her flesh. &quot;You're so beautiful Mita,
  what a lovely body you have.&quot; His hand slapped her ass cheek and caused
  her head to pull up from the desk. Michael's pushed down on her back. &quot;Stay
  down, I like you this way. Such a nice ass, pushed out for me.&quot;  
Mita felt him behind her, his hand on top of her panties.
  Her held her breath, knowing that she was about to have her naked sex exposed. "Nooo&hellip;" Mita
  blubbered, her head turning towards Michael, seeing the lust in his eyes. She
  felt the panties slowly being pulled down her ass cheeks, exposing her naked
  flesh. Farther and farther it slid until it was at her feet.  
"Keep your hands on the desk, your head turned this way. &nbsp;&nbsp;I
  want to see your face as I play with your lovely body," the professor commanded.
  Mita obeyed, her tear-filled eyes pleading with him.  
She saw his face only inches from her ass, his hands rubbing
  her naked flesh.&nbsp;&nbsp;She was so embarrassed, her Professor molesting
  her young flesh, unable to stop him, bent submissively over the desk.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;No,
  please!&quot; she cried out when she felt his hands on her ass cheeks, his
  fat fingers digging into her flesh, slowly peeling them back, her anus being
  exposed to him.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Not! There!&quot; her hands reached back to
  stop him.  
&quot;Hands on the desk or I'll use a belt on this cute
  ass.&quot; His hands slapped hers away, watching as she returned to grip the
  edge of the desk tightly, sobbing as his fingers continued to spread her open.&nbsp;&nbsp;He
  blew on her anus, seeing tiny goose bumps appear on the dark circle, her body
  shivering in fear.&nbsp;&nbsp;He let one of his fingers slip lower, running
  up her pussy slit, feeling her juices.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;You might act like
  you hate this, but your pussy is putting out cr&egrave;me for me.&quot; He
  laughed as his fingertip scooped up some of the juices.  
She saw him open a drawer and shuddered when he pulled out
  a jar of Vaseline.&nbsp;&nbsp;The sound of the lid turning was so loud, or
  at least she thought it was, knowing what the purpose of the lubricant was.&nbsp;&nbsp;He
  was going to lubricate her asshole.&nbsp;&nbsp;She had never allowed any of
  her boyfriends to touch her there, she was sure he would not be so persuaded.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Fuck
  my pussy, please, not my butt.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;She would do anything to avoid
  this assault.  
Michael was not being deterred.&nbsp;&nbsp;He let his hands
  gently stroke her ass cheeks like a lover would do, &quot;it's OK Mita, settle
  down, I'll be gentle,&quot; he lied, his finger dipping into the lubricant
  and gleamed with the Vaseline.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Relax now, it will be a little
  cold,&quot; his finger pushed against her asshole, having to hold her down
  with his other hand as she jerked in surprise from his touch.  
She shivered, the slippery finger gently rubbing the lubricant
  over her anus, feeling the pressure as he pushed harder and harder as he circled
  the tiny opening, then feeling the small hole being pushed in.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;AAAGGGGHH!&quot; she
  cried out her tiny asshole pierced for the first time.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;GGGGGODDDD!&quot; she
  cried again, &quot;I thought you said you would be gentle? AAAAGGHH!&quot; His
  finger slowly slid up and down her anal tract, lubricating it.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Her
  sphincter grabbed onto the fat finger, gripping it like a lover would do, but
  in an attempt expel the foreign object.&nbsp;&nbsp;She had never felt so humiliated
  as she did now, bent over the desk, her legs spread, his finger noisily slipping
  in and out her asshole, gliding along on the Vaseline.&nbsp;&nbsp;She knew
  he was just preparing her for when he would sodomize her, crying at her own
  plight.  
&quot;What a hot, tight asshole you have Mita.&nbsp;&nbsp;I'm
  glad you saved it for me,&quot; he laughed.&nbsp;&nbsp;He slapped her ass hard,
  feeling her sphincter clench in pain on his invading finger.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;I
  like that, Mita, grip my finger again,&quot; slapping her ass cheek again,
  watching it turn red, her sphincter clenching on his finger in pain.  
She felt him pull his finger from her asshole, a small fart
  of air escaping as he did.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;No! No more!'' she begged, unable
  to control her own body.&nbsp;&nbsp;She could hear him fumbling with his belt
  and removing his pants.&nbsp;&nbsp;"Please don't do this," Mita begged as she
  sobbed. "I won't tell anyone what happened."  
"You don't want me to fuck you?" Michael asked in a patronizing
  tone. His eight-inch cock was fully erect and thrusting out of his pants.&nbsp;&nbsp;He
  stepped behind her, his feet nudging her legs farther apart.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;You're
  going to have to spread open for me, Mita.&nbsp;&nbsp;I want your ass open
  for me.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;He rubbed some Vaseline on his cock and moved so she
  could see it.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;This is all for you, Mita.&nbsp;&nbsp;It's going
  up your teenage asshole.&quot; He walked over to her and pressed it against
  her ass.&nbsp;&nbsp;He could feel her clenching and unclenching at the rude
  intrusion.&nbsp;&nbsp;She cried as she felt the hot flesh against her. "It'll
  be ok, Mita, just relax," he said as he rubbed his cock in between her ass
  cheeks, sliding on the slippery lubricant.  
The next thing Mita realized, there was something warm and
  hard pressing against her asshole. &quot;NNNNNOOO!&quot; she screamed, but
  Michael quickly covered her mouth.  
"You don't like the fact that you're professor is going
  to fuck your asshole, huh?" Michael said. He positioned his cock right against
  her tiny anus, still slick with the Vaseline. "Well, I'm going to fuck you,
  Mita, I'm going to fuck you now!"  
"MMMMmmmmmph!" Mita's muffled scream came from behind her
  professor's hand as he pushed harder and harder into her ass. Michael never
  felt anything so tight and hot in his life. It took him a few thrusts to get
  all the way in.  
Mita could not believe the pain.&nbsp;&nbsp;Even when she
  lost her virginity, the pain was quick.&nbsp;&nbsp;This was a slow, gradual
  fucking; feeling like it was tearing her flesh as he slowly pushed inside her
  asshole.&nbsp;&nbsp;She felt the large head pushing and shoving, her anus stretching
  wide to take the girth of the huge cock.&nbsp;&nbsp;She felt her anus grip
  the cockhead as it was finally engulfed in her rectum.&nbsp;&nbsp;She pushed
  out, her rectum burning from the brutal rape of her asshole.  
Michael let her get used to it before he began to push in
  again.&nbsp;&nbsp;He heard her muffled screams as he slowly sank his cock deeper
  and deeper into her asshole.&nbsp;&nbsp;Her insides would clench and unclench
  on it, her sphincter gripping the hard cock as it slid in and out, just like
  a hand masturbating his cock.&nbsp;&nbsp;He would thrust in, then out, each
  time going deeper and deeper, rabbit fucking her, making her feel his steely
  member.  
Mita could not believe how much it hurt!&nbsp;&nbsp;His
  cock felt like a steel bar, unyielding, in her asshole.&nbsp;&nbsp;She could
  feel the big vein running up the length of it, every bump and ridge on it rubbed
  harshly on her untouched anal tract.&nbsp;&nbsp;He finally sank deep into her
  colon, her stomach cramping on the eight inches of hot, throbbing flesh twitching
  inside her asshole.&nbsp;&nbsp;She felt his balls slapping hard against her
  pussy lips.  
"I'm going to uncover your mouth now. If you scream, I'll
  beat you with my belt," Michael said. He put both of his hands on her hips
  as he started to thrust in and out of her.&nbsp;&nbsp;He saw her tiny anus
  gripping his cock, stretched and pulled wide open around his meat.  
Mita looked back and sobbed. She couldn't believe her professor
  was violating her in this horrible manner. She couldn't believe the pain she
  felt, thinking she was being ripped in two.&nbsp;&nbsp;Her whole body was in
  pain, her anal tract burning as the lubricant began to wear thin, his dry cock
  rubbing painfully along her anal tract like sandpaper.&nbsp;&nbsp;Her stomach
  turned in pain, his cockhead would bang painfully against the side, igniting
  sharp pains in her body.&nbsp;&nbsp;She could feel him begin to make deep,
  hard strokes, each time burying his cock inside her as it banged painfully
  in her colon.  
"Can you hear me slapping against you?" Michael lustfully
  asked as he continued to bang her. He gave her a few hard thrusts to make her
  feel even more pain. Mita just moaned in response. For a while, the only sounds
  that could be heard were the heavy breathing of the professor, the random cries
  from Mita and the sounds of their bodies slapping against each other.  
Michael's hands traveled underneath Mita's tank top and
  played with her perfect tits. Mita moaned again, feeling ashamed. Michael's
  hands wrapped around her breasts and squeezed them, his fingers pinching and
  twisting her nipples.  
"God, your jugs are soft," Michael said. "Let's see them." He
  pulled her upper body off the desk by her hair, arching her back, without pulling
  his cock out of her. He carried her over to the chair, making her bend over
  it, her hands on the seat, her breasts hanging down, her ass thrust out as
  he continued to fuck her tight asshole.&nbsp;&nbsp;He lifted up her shirt,
  exposing her tits to the air.  
"Take off your shirt," he ordered. He stopped fucking her
  to let her take her tank top off, but left his cock buried deep in her colon,
  twitching in excitement as she involuntarily clenched on the invading flesh.&nbsp;&nbsp;Once
  all her clothes were off, Michael began to fuck her with punishing strokes
  of his hard cock.  
"You're so tight, Mita," Michael murmured as he continued
  his rhythmic thrusts. &quot;Hot little asshole,&quot; his large body bent over
  her small frame, completely covering her.&nbsp;&nbsp;He began to enter her
  at angles so that he could make her anal rape more painful.  
&quot;Please! Not so hard!&quot; Mita cried and begged him
  to stop.  
"I'm not going to stop, I'm enjoying the ride," he laughed,
  throwing his hips forward with the force of all of his 225 pounds, sinking
  his eight inch cock into the once virgin asshole of the tiny Asian girl bent
  over the chair.  
He cupped her breasts with his hands, feeling the luscious
  flesh fill his palms and started fucking her harder. &quot;I love it when your
  tits jiggle," he said while pumping her with his cock, his stomach banging
  against her ass, her body shaking, her tits jiggling just as he loved.  
Mita felt helpless. There was nothing she could do to stop
  him, sobbing as she suffered the brutal rape of her asshole.&nbsp;&nbsp;She
  only hoped that he would not do any permanent damage to her body.  
"Reach behind and feel my cock," the professor said.&nbsp;&nbsp;He
  slapped her ass when she hesitated.  
Mita obeyed and cried, but moved her hand between her legs,
  feeling the hard, slippery cock sliding between her fingers as it plundered
  her ass.  
"It feels good doesn't it? It's so big, Mita and you're
  asshole is so small."&nbsp;&nbsp;It felt even better, her hand masturbating
  his cock as he fucked her asshole.  
Michael's strokes began to get harder and faster. "Ahh,
  I'm going to cum in your ass," he said.  
Mita cried and shook her head, "No! No, not in there!&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;She
  shuddered in revulsion, felt his breathing become quicker and the weight of
  his body slumped over hers, his sweat dripping on her ass and back as he fucked
  her.&nbsp;&nbsp;She screamed in pain as the cock swelled then shot her with
  his load of cum, the hot juices dumping deep into her colon.&nbsp;&nbsp;It
  was terrible, the salty fluid burning her anal tract, already torn by the battering
  of his dry cock. She moaned as he continued to pump within her.  
&quot;Milk my cock with your asshole, squeeze it like you
  were pushing out a turd,&quot; he demanded, wanting her to make her anal rape
  even more pleasurable for him.  
Mita tightened on the hard cock, the pain increasing, but
  willing to do anything to end the rape of her asshole.&nbsp;&nbsp;She felt
  another load of cum filling her stomach, which gurgled as a third and finally
  a fourth load of cum was shot inside her.&nbsp;&nbsp;She cried when he finally
  finished, her body slowly sinking to the floor.  
Michael let his cock slowly pull out of her, feeling her
  sphincter grab it like it did not want it to leave. "That was a great ass fuck,
  Mita.&nbsp;&nbsp;Did you like it?&nbsp;&nbsp;Are you ready for more now?"  
Mita lay crumpled to the floor sobbing. She never felt so
  humiliated and so much pain in her life. &quot;Please, can I go now?" she begged
  Michael.  
&quot;Sit up for me, Mita,&quot; Michael said. &quot;Time
  to get me hard again.&quot; Mita shook her head. Michael slapped her face.
  He watched her as she slowly sat up on her knees. This was the first time he
  had actually seen her breasts and they looked great. They jiggled as she tried
  to stand up, her nipples pointed and hard.  
Mita complied, Michael standing in front of her. He patted
  her head and ran his fingers through her hair, Mita continuing to weep. &quot;You're
  going to get me hard again,&quot; Michael said. He ran his fingers over her
  hair, gripping her head between his big hands, pushing her up towards his cock. &quot;Open
  your mouth and suck me, Mita,&quot; he said.  
Mita stared at his limp cock, still glistening with Vaseline
  from her anal rape.&nbsp;&nbsp;She didn't want to do it.&nbsp;&nbsp;She didn't
  want the dirty cock in her mouth, still covered with cum, Vaseline and God
  knows what else.&nbsp;&nbsp;She felt him slap her again, her head shaking in
  pain.&nbsp;&nbsp;She knew what he wanted her to do. She felt so helpless. She
  did what she was told, opening her mouth,&nbsp;Michael inserting his limp cock.&nbsp;&nbsp;It
  tasted terrible, mixing with her saliva, filling her mouth with the foul fluids.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mita
  decided to get it over with as soon as she could. Once he cums, he will let
  me go. Surely he will be satisfied by then, she thought. She began to suck
  on his&nbsp;cock furiously, her tongue flicking against Michael's cockhead,
  bathing the bulbous head.&nbsp;&nbsp;She let her hands lightly squeeze and
  pull his balls, feeling them begin to tighten again, knowing she was making
  more cum to fill her body.&nbsp;Every once in a while, she would reach up and
  lightly rake her fingers down Michael's abdomen.  
&quot;Oh, god, that feels so good,&quot; Michael gasped, &quot;you
  sure know how to suck cock.&quot; His cock was starting to harden again.  
Mita felt his cock grow inside her mouth. It was getting
  harder to fit it all inside her. She paused, trying to move back so the cock
  could grow, but Michael kept her head pressed against his balls.  
&quot;You're going to take it all in, bitch&quot; he said.  
Mita groaned and started to gag as the cock hit the back
  of her throat. Her throat muscles began to&nbsp;grip Michael's cock and make
  it grow even more. Michael held Mita's head still as he started thrusting his
  cock down her throat.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Yeah, that's a good girl, choke on my
  cock, make it hard again.&quot; Mita closed her eyes as she felt his balls
  slap noisily against&nbsp;her chin. She hoped it would be over soon, her tongue
  lapping up and down the flesh filling her mouth. She heard him moan in pleasure.
  Tears fell from her eyes as she serviced his cock like a whore, his hands holding
  her head as she lapped at it, hoping to make him cum.&nbsp;&nbsp;Afraid he
  would make her swallow it when he did.  
Michael suddenly pulled out. His hard cock stood straight
  out and glistened with her saliva. &quot;Lay on your back on my desk so I can
  fuck your shaven pussy,&quot; he said.  
Mita whimpered, &quot;Please don't fuck me,&quot; but she
  saw in his eyes that he would not be deterred.&nbsp;&nbsp;She sat on the desk
  and lay back on it. &quot;Spread your legs apart. You're going to want them
  wide,&quot; he said.&nbsp;&nbsp;With pleasure, he watched her obey, her little
  body slowing lying back on the hard  
desk.&nbsp;&nbsp;He watched as she spread her legs spread
  open, her teen pussy, tight and pink, being exposed.&nbsp;&nbsp;His cock jerked
  as he watched her.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Mmmm, you're such a slut, aren't you, Mita?
  Only sluts shave their pussy.&quot;  
Mita cried and shook her head. She shaved her pussy because
  her last lover liked it naked like a schoolgirl. She kept it shaved because
  she got used to the look of it and because it itched when the hair grew back.  
Michael pulled off his pants and boxers so that he was only
  wearing his socks and dress shirt. He stood between her spread legs, his large
  hands gripping her ankles.&nbsp;&nbsp;He pulled them apart, opening her up
  like she was a wishbone, then released one ankle to fist his cock and position
  it between her spread lips, rubbing the saliva-coated head up and down her
  dry slit.&nbsp;&nbsp;He pushed at her tiny hole, watching it open as he thrust
  his hips forward, the bulbous head entering her vagina with a mighty force,
  spreading her wider still.  
Mita cried out as his big cock stretched her, closing her
  eyes as he painfully sank into her tight pussy. She was so ashamed. She laid
  there, legs spread, pussy speared by his cock, her hands covering her breasts
  and her eyes closed.  
Michael grabbed her hands, pinning them over her head, his
  hips jerking forward, punching his cock into her splayed pussy.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Open
  your eyes and look at me. I want to see you watch me as I fuck you,&quot; Michael
  said, his cock sawing painfully in and out of her.  
Mita saw his face. He was smiling and she could tell that
  his eyes were looking at every part of her body. She could feel his pubic hair
  touch her pussy every time he thrust inside her.  
&quot;Your titties are so beautiful. I want to see them
  dance,&quot; Michael said. His thrusts became harder and faster. Mita moaned.
  Her insides felt like they were being torn apart by his raping cock.&nbsp;&nbsp;It
  was almost as bad as when he raped her asshole. Her breasts started to jiggle
  more violently.  
Her breasts turned Michael on even more. Her nipples mesmerized
  him as they bounced up and down on her white skin. He reached out with one
  hand and grabbed her left breast. He squeezed it then bent down to suck it.  
&quot;No, please, no,&quot; Mita begged him to stop. Michael's
  tongue furiously rubbed her nipple and occasionally nipped at it causing Mita
  to loudly gasp. She was afraid he would bite too hard in his state of excitement.  
Michael then grabbed both of her breasts and started massaging
  them as he fucked her. Her breasts felt like small pillows.  
Mita's mind went blank as her body continued to be violated.
  How could she have gotten herself in this situation, she wondered? She just
  hoped Michael would cum soon, her body bumping painfully, his hips driving
  his rigid cock into her tiny body, the wooden desk unyielding, forcing her
  to take his brutal fucks.  
But he didn't. He continued to fuck her for another 20 minutes,
  enjoying her cries of pain when he would feed her a particularly cruel fuck.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Grab
  my dick, feel it sliding inside your bald pussy,&quot; he grabbed her tiny
  hand and wrapped it around his big cock, masturbating it like he made her do
  when he fucked her ass. He stuck one of his fingers in her mouth and made her
  suck it. His other hand continued to play with her breasts.  
&quot;I'm going to cum,&quot; Michael said. His shirt clung
  to him with sweat.  
&quot;Don't cum in me, I don't want to get pregnant,&quot; forgetting
  it while he was raping her but now clearly aware of the fact as he readied
  to unload his semen inside her fertile vagina.  
&quot;Don't worry, I have a pill you can take that will
  prevent you from getting pregnant,&quot; Michael said. &quot;I'm going to cum
  inside you, Mita. Get ready bitch. Here I come." He arched his back, burying
  his cock inside her, bruising her cervix as he bottomed out painfully inside
  her small body.  
Mita struggled, trying to sit up and push her professor
  off of her but it was too late. His large body smothered her and she could
  feel his sperm hit her vaginal walls. Michael pushed her back against the desk
  and collapsed on top of her. She could feel his cock jerk and heard Michael
  groan. She had no choice but to wait until he was finished with her, his cock
  jerking inside her, bathing her inside with his hot cum.  
Michael lay on top of her for a while, slowly getting up,
  his limp cock pulling out of her red and swollen vagina. He looked at her body.
  She was crying. Her arms were still above her head and her legs were still
  spread open. He could see his cum dribbling from her ass and pussy. Her smooth
  legs hung limply over the desk. Her breasts shook as she sobbed. If he hadn't
  fucked her twice already, he probably would have been hard again from the sight
  of her. But he needed to rest for a while.  
He threw her jeans and shirt to her, &quot;put these on,
  you don't need your panties,&quot; watching as she scrambled to get dressed,
  eager to leave the scene of her multiple rapes. He quickly put on his pants
  as she dressed. When she finished, he spun her around, slapping a set of metal
  handcuffs on her slim wrists, her body shuddering as she felt the cold steel
  grip her wrists tightly.  
&quot;What-- What are you doing?&quot; she stuttered.  
He shoved her towards the door. &quot;We're going for a
  ride.&nbsp;&nbsp;And then I'm going to ride you some more.&nbsp;&nbsp;You're
  a great fuck, nice tight body.&nbsp;&nbsp;I'm going to keep you around for
  a while and rape you some more.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;He leaned over her body, his
  lips on her neck, biting it.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;You want some more cock, don't
  you Mita?&nbsp;&nbsp;In your tight pussy or maybe up your asshole again.&quot; He
  pushed her out of the empty building into his car, the only one left in the
  lot, pushing her into the front seat beside him.&nbsp;&nbsp;He sat her down,
  unbuckled her belt and pulled the zipper down on her jeans before getting ready
  to leave.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;I want to enjoy that little pussy while we drive,&quot; her
  sobs filled the car as she realized her rape was only just beginning.  
Michael walked around the car and got in the driver's seat.
  He looked over at his young student. She sat with tears pouring down her face.
  He reached over to her, pulling her towards him.&nbsp;&quot;Tears will get
  you no where,&quot; his hand sliding over her smooth stomach, his fingers slowly
  pushing into her opened jeans.&nbsp;He kissed her cheek as his hand slid over
  her naked pubs, feeling her trying to jerk away from him.&nbsp;He gripped her
  sex with his hand, squeezing it tightly.&nbsp;She squealed and pressed her
  legs harder together. &quot;Love that pussy,&quot; he exclaimed, &quot;spread
  your legs open, I want to see if you're wet.&quot;  
It was too late to stop him, her legs reluctantly parting,
  letting him have his way with her teenage body.&nbsp;She felt his finger running
  up and down her slit, thankful that she was not wet, but the dry finger hurting
  as it dragged painfully up her tender flesh.&nbsp;She felt his finger rub&nbsp;her
  clit. Mita was in no state to get aroused, sobbing even louder.  
Michael smiled and gave a short laugh. He removed his hand
  from her pussy and brought it to her tits, moving under her tank top, raising
  it up and exposing her perky tits.&nbsp;His hands reached back to lightly grab
  and fondle each tit. He wanted her to know that he owned her and could do anything
  he wanted. His head moved down to one of her nipples, the rubbery flesh hard
  like an eraser.&nbsp;&quot;Want me to suck your nipples?&quot; His lips wrapped
  around the tender flesh, his tongue lashing back and forth over the swelling
  bud.  
Michael decided to stop his abuse, just for the moment and
  get to the hideout. He'd bought a small house close to campus where many of
  the college students lived. Michael's house was the last house on the street
  bordered on one side by a wooded area so it was also very secluded. The other
  side of him was neighbors who were rarely home during the weekends. He didn't
  really have to worry about keeping his victims quiet because so many people
  threw parties during the weekend. Any screaming coming from his house would
  be confused with the loud college student parties.  
As he drove to the house, he periodically reached over,
  making her arch her ass up from the seat, his hand free to slide inside her
  jeans and touch&nbsp;Mita's pussy. She&nbsp;whimpered and whined each time
  he did.  
&quot;Does it still hurt from my dick being stuck up you?&quot; Michael
  asked.  
&quot;Yes,&quot; she cried, &quot;please stop hurting me.
  I won't tell anyone. Just let me go,&quot; Mita begged.  
&quot;That's right you won't tell anyone,&quot; Michael
  said. &quot;I'm going to rape&nbsp;you over and over again until you beg me
  to fuck you.&quot;&nbsp; 
Michael loved to torment his victims, loved the fear in
  their eyes when they realized that they&nbsp;would be raped repeatedly.&nbsp;&quot;Never!
  I'll never ask you to fuck me,&quot; Mita's eyes showing her fear.  
&quot;You'll beg me to fuck you,&nbsp;all right. You'll
  beg to suck my cock and fuck your asshole, even if I have to whip&nbsp;you
  with a belt until you do,&quot; his cock getting harder at the thought of whipping&nbsp;her
  white, tender skin or even her pussy.  
As Michael drove to his house, he got an idea. There was
  a small dirt path off the road that led to the woods next to his house. Not
  many people knew about it because the path was around a sharp curve in the
  road and trees and shrubs did a good job of hiding it. Michael only discovered
  the path when he almost hit two young boys who shot out on the street in front
  of his car. He stopped in time and then looked to see where the boys came from.
  He decided to explore the area and found that it was isolated from everything.
  He always meant to bring one of his students there, but he wanted to bring
  a special one, one with whom he could really have fun.  
Michael tapped on his brakes when he knew that the path
  was near. It was so easy to miss, especially in the dark. He saw it and turned
  sharply, Mita thrown to one side of the seat. The path was bumpy and Michael
  was worried that a branch would block his path. He should've inspected the
  area before to make sure it was clear, he thought.  
Mita was terrified. She had no idea where they were headed.
  Fortunately, Michael's car made it through. He drove far enough so that the
  car could not be seen from the road. He left his headlights on so he could
  see what he was about to do. After he got out of the car, he opened the door
  for Mita.  
&quot;Ever been fucked in the woods?&quot; he asked.  
&quot;Not here, please no,&quot; not wanting to be bound
  on the hard ground, bugs and animals able to run over her body, her cuffed
  hands unable to protect her.&nbsp;He&nbsp;pulled her out of the car, reaching
  around to uncuff her.&nbsp; 
&quot;Strip off your clothes,&quot; he ordered, his hand
  reaching down to his crotch, unzipping his fly, reaching in and pulling out
  his big cock.  
Mita hesitated, but she didn't know what else she could
  do so she slowly removed her clothes. First she pulled her tank top over her
  head, her breasts rising up, her nipples almost an inch long in the cool night
  air.&nbsp;She slid the jeans down her legs, Michael watching her every second
  of the time, her breasts hanging down, jiggling as she struggled with the tight
  pants.  
Once she was completely naked, Michael began to strip
    the rest of his clothes off, heavy balls dangling beneath the ominous cock
    that stood out. This was the first time Mita had seen him completely nude
    and she looked away in embarrassment.  
   
&quot;Look at me, Mita,&quot; Michael said, his fist grasping his cock, stroking
the large member back and forth.   
Mita looked up and saw his massive body and hard cock.  
Michael approached her and started touching her breasts.
  Chills ran down Mita from his touch. &quot;I'm going to fuck you in the ass
  again. This time, it's going to hurt. I hope you're still lubricated,&quot; he
  said. His hand rubbed her ass cheeks, letting his fingers trace along the crease.&nbsp;He
  slapped her ass when he felt her tighten her cheeks.&nbsp;&quot;No use tightening
  on me now, Mita. I've already had that snug asshole.&quot;&nbsp;Her cheeks
  relaxed, his fingers again searched out her crease, straying over her abused
  anus.&nbsp; 
Mita cried as Michael pushed her to the hood of the car
  and forced her to lean on it. Her breasts immediately absorbing the heat of
  the engine.&nbsp; 
&quot;Scream all you want,&quot; Michael said. &quot;We're
  out in the middle of no where.&quot;  
Mita felt him behind her, his legs kicking hers open, making
  her fall face forward onto the hard metal as she slid down.&nbsp;He kept spreading
  her open; her crotch feeling like it would tear as she was so exposed.&nbsp;&quot;No,
  not there again, you hurt me so bad back there,&quot; she cried, her asshole
  still burning from the previous anal rape.&nbsp; 
&quot;I can't resist that hot, tight asshole,&quot; fisting
  his cock and placing it against her anus.&nbsp;&nbsp;The tiny hole was now
  red and swollen, having been forced to service his cock once already.  
Mita&nbsp;tried to move away, feeling&nbsp;Michael grab&nbsp;her
  hips, gripping them tightly, keeping her prepared for his anal rape.&nbsp;She
  felt him pull&nbsp;up on her hips,&nbsp;arching her ass up, her anus now&nbsp;positioned&nbsp;to
  be sodomized.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Michael pressed his cock against the tiny hole again, hearing&nbsp;Mita
  scream as she felt him enter her again, reopening the fresh wounds of the previous
  rape.&nbsp;Michael thrust in her, sliding along with the&nbsp;little lubrication
  left from her first rape.  
Mita pressed her hands against the hood of the car
    as Michael began his series of thrusts that drove his hard cock deeper and
    deeper into her tiny body, his large frame looming over her. The familiar
    sound of their bodies slapping was back as he began to fuck her hard, making
    her abused asshole take his mighty weapon.  
   
  Michael grunted as he worked his cock in and out of her. She was still tight,
  her hot asshole clenching on his cock.   
Mita thought she was being torn in two. She mustered all
  her strength and pushed herself from the car. For a moment, she thought she
  broke free,&nbsp;but all she managed to do was fall on the ground with Michael
  still inside her, his cock bending painfully inside her as she struggled.  
Michael laughed.&nbsp;&quot;Where do you think you're going?&quot; he
  asked as he slammed his body on her. Mita bawled. Michael began to punish her
  for trying to run away by taking his dick all the way out before forcing himself
  back in as he brutally fucked her. Her tiny hole stood open, his cock poised
  at the entrance.&nbsp;He waited until the clenching bud began to close before
  driving it painfully inside her again, the flesh forced to spread wide to accept
  the raping cock.&nbsp;Mita clutched the ground and screamed in pain.  
&quot;Try to run away, Mita. Just try,&quot; Michael laughed
  as he thrust his cock deep in her ass.&nbsp;He began to pump into her, driving
  her body to drag painfully on the&nbsp;ground, his cock inside her asshole
  like a pole as it pushed her painfully on her knees. Mita lay limp as he used
  her body for his pleasure. She felt his hands dig underneath her body and grab
  her breasts. His hands clenched on her youthful tits as he continued to fuck
  her ass. She felt his heavy cum-laden balls slap her ass cheeks.  
Michael thrust more quickly. Mita knew he was going to cum
  again, filling her colon with his vile semen. Michael dragged his hands from
  under her and pulled her hair back like he was riding a horse.  
&quot;Tighten your asshole on my cock. I'm going to cum,&quot; he
  commanded.&nbsp;&quot;Give me a good ride,&quot; he gasped, yanking her hair,
  forcing her ass to arch up, her battered asshole taking his cruel thrusts.  
Mita's body shuddered&nbsp;as she felt his hot sperm coat
  her insides again. She cried as he pumped her full of his semen, battering
  her tender insides.&nbsp;She felt his cock pull out with a loud noise, Michael
  sitting next to her and talking to her as she cried.  
&quot;You're a very beautiful girl. I'm having a lot of
  fun with you,&quot; Michael said as he petted her hair, pushing tiny strands
  from her tear-stained face.&nbsp;&quot;Turn this way,&quot; urging her over
  to face him, her breasts now available to his hands, her nipples still swollen.
  He pulled on those nipples, pleased when she cringed in pain.  
Mita looked at him. Her face was red from crying. Leaves
  were tangled in her hair. She looked at him,&nbsp;&quot;please, let me go,&quot; she
  begged in a whisper.  
&quot;Not yet, Mita.&quot; His hands ran down her flanks
  to touch her ass cheeks again, feeling her body cringe as he slowly caressed
  her flesh.&nbsp;&quot;Such a lovely ass, Mita.&nbsp;Did you like your ass fucking?&quot;&nbsp;He
  slapped her ass before letting his hand continue to caress her smooth skin.  
&quot;No, you hurt me so much.&nbsp;It still burns. Please,
  let me go,&quot; she pleaded with him, but she already knew his answer.&nbsp;She
  could already see his cock harden again.&nbsp;She knew that he would be raping
  her once more and soon.  
He let his finger&nbsp;play over her abused&nbsp;asshole,
  her body jerking in pain at the mere touch of the swollen hole. Michael ignored
  her pleas.&nbsp;He pulled her up to her feet and watched his cum&nbsp;run down
  her legs.&nbsp;&quot;Sit on the car.&quot;  
&quot;Now what are you going to do to me?&nbsp;I'm already
  too sore.&nbsp;You fucked my ass and my pussy, please leave me alone,&quot; Mita
  sobbed into her hands.&nbsp; 
&quot;Get up there, I won't tell you again,&quot; his voice
  raised.  
She sat on the hood, the metal now cool from the night air,
  goose bumps appearing on her naked flesh as she shivered in the cold.  
&quot;Lay your back on the car and grab your knees. I want
  to give you a present,&quot; Michael said.  
Mita did what she was told, her back resting on the hard,
  cold metal.&nbsp;She put her hands behind her knees and slowly pulled them
  back, her legs spreading as she did. She was embarrassed that she was so exposed
  to Michael's penetrating eyes that never left her open sex.&nbsp;&nbsp;She
  closed her own eyes to prepare for another rape. She kept her eyes closed until
  she felt Michael's hot breathe on&nbsp;her pussy and saw Michael staring at
  her, his lips only inches from her pussy.&nbsp;&quot;No, don't lick me!&quot; she
  screamed.&nbsp;She had always loved oral sex performed on her, making her cum
  within minutes.&nbsp;&nbsp;She did not want him to do that to her, to force
  her to have an orgasm against her will.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Michael let his mouth touch her pussy, tasting her sweet
  juices, his tongue running up and down her slit.&nbsp;He could taste his own
  cum mixed with her juices as he bathed her sex.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
She felt his tongue tease her clit and circle her tight
  entrance. Then, she felt him penetrate her with his tongue. &quot;Please don't
  do that,&quot; Mita pleaded. She was embarrassed that the professor's face
  was buried in her most intimate part.  
Michael ignored her. He kissed and nipped her inner thighs
  and blew on her pussy.  
Mita flushed. She felt so exposed. Her body reacted to the
  stimulation, growing warm. Her hips rose, fucking at the wet tongue that lashed
  at her pussy.  
Michael continued to kiss and lick her pussy. Mita could
  hear him sucking and slurping her juices. Her muscles quivered as his hands
  ran lightly over her abdomen. Mita's body was betraying her.  
Michael could tell that she was being aroused and it amused
  him as it always did with his students. &quot;My hot little vixen, you're so
  wet and horny aren't you?&quot;&nbsp;He loved to make women enjoy their rape
  at some point. It broke them. It made them feel guilty. &quot;Is Mita going
  to cum for me?&nbsp;Is she going to cum from her oral rape?"&nbsp;He teased
  her,&nbsp;continuing to insert his tongue and then rub her clit with it.  
Finally, Michael heard a moan. It wasn't a moan of pain
  but of pleasure. He tasted her juice as it flowed out of her. Her body shuddered,
  tiny moans coming from her lips, so embarrassed at her arousal, trying to keep
  quiet as she came.&nbsp;&nbsp;He stuck his finger inside her and could feel
  her muscles tighten around it.  
&quot;You liked that didn't you, you little whore,&quot; Michael
  said.  
Mita cried. She was humiliated. She couldn't help that she
  enjoyed it. She tried to explain to herself that it was only a physical reaction
  and she had no control over it. She was not very successful, only shaming herself
  more.  
Michael smiled. &quot;Let's get you back in these cuffs.
  You'll be cumming a lot more later on,&quot; he promised.  
Michael decided to just put on his clothes and threw Mita's
  in his trunk. Once he handcuffed her, he made her lay down in the backseat
  so no one would see her.  
It was ten minutes before they arrived at the house. Naturally,
  the next-door neighbors' cars were gone and a party could be heard on the other
  side of the block. Michael's section was, as usual empty.  
As soon as he parked the car and closed the garage door,
  Michael opened the car door for Mita. He helped her get out and walked her
  inside the house. She had stopped crying for now, but he knew she would begin
  again in a short while. He marched her straight into the bedroom. The bed was
  full size with large wooden posts jutting out at each corner of the bed. It
  was perfect for tying and cuffing.  
Mita could see faint bloodstains on the sheets that apparently
  did not wash out. She wondered how many other students had suffered her fate.
  She saw the wooden posts, knowing he would soon secure her spread eagle to
  them.  
Michael made her get on the bed and uncuffed her. Mita's
  first reaction was to try to run away but she quickly glanced around the room
  and realized that Michael blocked the only exit.  
&quot;Lay on your back, you know the position,&quot; he
  taunted her. He sat on the bed next to her and immediately started to molest
  her. His fingers ran over her breasts again, feeling the youthful flesh, so
  soft and springy.&nbsp;He let his hand&nbsp;slowly run down her&nbsp;abdomen
  until he reached her pussy.&nbsp;She shivered as her body was violated again.  
Mita watched Michael's hands as they groped her breasts.
  Michael bent over and sucked first one then the other tit into his mouth, clamping
  on each hard tip. He loved the feel of her nipples in his mouth, letting his
  teeth rub painfully over each bud.&nbsp;He loved the fact that she did not
  like it, jumping in pain when he bit too hard.  
&quot;Lie on your back and spread your legs,&quot; Michael
  ordered. Mita complied, her legs parting reluctantly, his dried cum visible
  on the insides of her thighs. What was he going to do to her now? Was he going
  to rape her pussy again or would he rape her ass?&nbsp;&nbsp;She didn't think
  she could stand the pain of the hard cock anywhere inside her little body.  
Michael opened a closet next to the bedroom door. He quickly
  pulled out a camcorder then turned on the bedroom light.  
&quot;You're going to masturbate for me, Mita,&quot; Michael
  said as he turned on the camera and started to record. &quot;You're going to
  touch yourself and as extra insurance, if you tell anyone about us, this little
  tape will go on the Internet.&nbsp;Think of&nbsp;all the dirty old&nbsp;men
  that would love to see a nice, tiny Asian girl cumming for them. Got it?&quot;  
Mita cried as she nodded her head.&nbsp;She could imagine
  the men stroking their cocks as they watched her, thinking that she was enjoying
  it.  
&quot;Good. Now, you're going to have to stop crying because
  I want you to look like you're enjoying it,&quot; Michael said.  
Mita nodded, choking back her sobs.  
&quot;Good girl. You're really such a good student. Now,
  I want you to touch yourself,&quot; he said. &quot;Start with your breasts.&nbsp;You
  play with your nipples don't you? Just show me how you do it.&quot;  
Mita began to rub her breasts. She held her tits in her
  hands and used her thumbs to rub her nipples.  
Michael approached closer, aiming the camera lens
    at her breasts. &quot;See how hard your nipples are getting, Mita?&nbsp;You're
    liking this, aren't you? That's hot, Mita. Yeah, keep touching them. Your
    tits are so beautiful,&quot; Michael said.  
   
  Mita was humiliated, but she had to please him, anything to stop him from raping
  her again. She stuck her fingers in her mouth and then rubbed her nipples with
  them. She continued to massage them, feeling&nbsp;the nipples get harder.   
&quot;Now, finger yourself,&quot; Michael ordered.&nbsp;&quot;Put
  a finger in that&nbsp;tight little pussy.&quot;  
Mita inserted a finger in her pussy and started pulling
  it in and out.  
&quot;I want you to stick two fingers up there,&quot; Michael
  said. &quot;You can take it, it's had my cock.&quot;  
Mita wanted to cry but instead submitted, touching herself
  with two fingers. Her other hand continued to fondle her breasts.  
Michael's cock was hard again, the thick member bulging
  in his pants. &quot;Pull your fingers out,&quot; Michael said. &quot;Look at
  all the juices on your fingers.&nbsp;You love this Mita, you love masturbating
  for the camera,&quot; he taunted her.&nbsp;He zoomed in on her juice-covered
  fingers then moved so that the camera was pointing directly between her legs. &quot;Spread
  your pussy lips with your fingers,&quot; he commanded.  
Mita obeyed and burned with humiliation when she realized
  she had to clutch her juice-slippery lips tightly in order to keep herself
  open for him. The most intimate part of her was now being recorded and could
  be distributed anywhere.  
Michael moved the camera from her pussy, to her abdomen,
  to her breasts and finally ended at her face. With one hand he unbuttoned his
  pants and pulled them off. His dick was now standing straight out.  
&quot;Let's see those pretty lips around my dick,&quot; he
  said.  
Mita hesitated, his cock rubbing over her lips leaving a
  trail of cum.&nbsp;&quot;I won't tell you again.&quot; He aimed the camera
  at her face then made her humiliation complete when he added, &quot;and smile
  as you do.&quot;  
Mita opened her mouth, his cock sliding over her slick lips.&nbsp;She
  felt it jump as her hot breath blew on it.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Michael aimed the camera at her head and began to feed his
  cock into her mouth.&nbsp;&quot;Wrap your lips real tight around it Mita.&nbsp;Show
  everyone how good you suck cock.&quot;&nbsp;He watched it disappear into her
  mouth.&nbsp;&quot;Lick it with your tongue while I fuck your face.&quot;&nbsp; 
Mita felt her mouth full of his cock, tasting the cum from
  her rape.&nbsp;She bobbed up and down on his cock, hoping to make him cum quickly.&nbsp;Anything
  to stop the humiliation, anything.&nbsp;He forced her to look up when he jammed
  it in her throat, causing her to gag.  
&quot;Yeah, that feels so good.&quot; Her muscle spasms
  felt&nbsp;incredible around his cock. Michael let Mita suck him for ten solid
  minutes, though he was nowhere close to cumming. He'd fucked her three times
  already. This would be the most he'd ever fucked a girl in one night.  
He decided to turn the camera off for a while. Why waste
  film if he wasn't going to cum for a while? He set the camera down on the dresser
  closest to him, then grabbed Mita's head tightly, fucking her face like it
  was a pussy. His cock was slick with her saliva.&nbsp;He still wanted to fuck
  her pussy so he pulled his cock out leaving Mita surprised that he had not
  finished in her mouth. He fully undressed and stood naked before Mita.  
She knew that she was going to have to relieve&nbsp;his
  erection soon and that scared her.&nbsp;Each time he had taken her violently,
  raping her simply for his&nbsp;own satisfaction.  
Michael violently pushed her down on the bed. She cried
  out in surprise and in a matter of seconds, Michael was between her legs, his
  thick hips spreading her legs painfully apart,  
&quot;No!&quot; she cried as his massive body pressed heavily
  against her, pinning her to the bed.&nbsp;She felt his legs spread painfully
  apart, unable to breathe as his 220 pounds crushed her little 115 pound body.&nbsp;&quot;Noo!&quot; she
  cried again as his hands reached between her legs, his hard cock fisted and
  rubbing up and down her pussy, spreading her lips open until it reached her
  vagina.&nbsp; 
&quot;I'm gonna rape that pussy again.&nbsp;It's all your
  fault Mita.&nbsp;You make me want to rape you.&nbsp;That hot, tight teenage
  pussy is just begging to be raped.&quot;&nbsp;He thrust his cock into her pussy,
  burying it half the way in with brutal force.  
Mita wailed in pain.&nbsp;It felt like he had shoved a baseball
  bat up her pussy, the hard cock brutally tearing as he raped her.&nbsp;He pinned&nbsp;her
  arms over her head as she fought helplessly to stop him.  
&quot;You make me want to cum all the time,&quot; he told
  her.  
Mita cried as her body was again raped, her head moving
  back and forth, the pain between her legs so bad.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Michael's thrusts were quick and hard. He was really rough
  with her. He wanted her to feel all his weight and strength. Mita's body had
  no choice but to stretch for him. His balls beat against her as he nailed his
  cock inside. He pressed his body against hers and felt her tits as small cushions
  beneath him.  
&quot;Wrap your arms and legs around me,&quot; he ordered. &quot;Fuck
  me back like I'm your lover.&quot;  
Mita obeyed, forced to wrap her legs around his waist, barely
  able to hook them on his ass.&nbsp;She hugged him, feeling him fuck her hard.
  He was now completely in control of her.  
Mita could feel Michael's hips raise and fall against her.  
&quot;Do you like riding me?&quot; he gasped between thrusts.
  Mita continued to cry during the rape. That was one thing that Michael really
  liked about her. The other students he raped would get used to it and stop
  showing emotions as he raped them. Mita continued to cry, beautifully.  
&quot;Move your hips with me. I want you to fuck me back,&quot; he
  said.  
Mita was horrified. She was forced to participate in her
  own rape! The pain was so much deeper now.  
Tears streamed down her face as she forced her hips to move
  with her professor's.&nbsp;Her hips met the thrusts of his cock, burying him
  even deeper inside her.  
&quot;Good, now kiss me, Mita. I want you to make love to
  your professor,&quot; he sniggered.  
Mita kissed her professor's chest and neck. Michael kissed
  the top of her head. If it hadn't been for Mita's tears, the couple would actually
  look like real lovers. Michael stopped fucking her so that he could bend down
  and kiss her face and mouth. Mita hated kissing him. She didn't love him! She
  hated feeling his tongue mingle with hers. She hated how she had to move her
  hips along with his.  
Michael continued to rape her. He gasped and moaned and
  told her how beautiful she was. &quot;I love your body Mita.&nbsp;A nice tight,
  little Asian body made for fucking.&quot;  
Mita hoped it would be over soon. She felt sweat beading
  up on his back.  
&quot;How does it feel to be raped by your professor?&quot; he
  asked as he continued to fuck her. He pumped hard, their flesh slapping together.  
&quot;Stop, stop raping me, you're tearing me up!&nbsp;I'll
  never be the same,&quot; Mita whined, but knew that it was hopeless.  
It was 45 minutes later before Michael felt that he was
  going to cum. Mita lay slumped beneath him, exhausted from the long rape.  
He pulled out of her, grabbing her body from the bed.&nbsp;&quot;Kneel
  on the floor.&quot;  
Mita complied, staring up at his cock, slick with her juices,
  an angry red from her rape. &nbsp;Michael grabbed the camcorder and turned
  it back on. He started to&nbsp;record again, "start sucking my cock.&quot;&nbsp;He
  watched her head bobbing up and down on his cock, anything&nbsp;to keep it
  from her abused pussy. He could feel his balls tighten and knew that he was
  going to shoot his load soon.  
&quot;Keep your mouth open,&quot; he said as he withdrew
  his cock. &quot;Now, milk my cock with your hands. I want you to catch my cum
  with your mouth.&quot;  
Mita put her hands as far around his big cock as she could.
  She stroked it fast and hard and kept her mouth open. Suddenly, a white ropey
  glob of cum shot out and hit her lower lip. Mita put her mouth closer as more
  cum blasted out and landed in her mouth. Michael recorded his cum landing on
  her face, watching as he made her lick it off her lips. He recorded the sour
  face she made when she had to swallow the thick, salty semen. He hadn't had
  this much fun in his entire life. &nbsp;And he had so much more to do to Mita.&nbsp; 
Once she was done swallowing
    his cum, Michael turned off the camera. Mita coughed and gagged. She hated
    the taste of cum and the thought of swallowing it made her nauseous. Michael
    laughed as he watched his student cry and gag. He wiped his cock on her tits,
    rubbing it on her hard nipples before tracing it under her breasts.  
&quot;I hope you enjoyed that,&quot; Michael
    said, &quot;because that was your dinner for tonight.&quot;  
Mita didn't care. She wasn't
    hungry. The only thing she wanted was to go home. She had been violated in
    every way possible. What more could he want with her?  
"Into the bathroom," pushing
    her towards a door in the hallway. He carried his camcorder with him.  
&quot;It's time for us to
    get cleaned up,&quot; he said. &quot;There's soap and shampoo in the shower.&quot;  
He walked Mita to the shower,
    pulled the curtains and made her stand inside the bathtub. He placed the
    camcorder on the bathroom sink, a perfect place for it, capturing the entire
    shower area. Michael turned the camera on and pressed the record button before
    walking over to Mita.  
The first thing he did was
    turn on the shower. Mita cried out as cold water poured over her naked body,
    her nipples hardening in response.  
&quot;Don't worry, it'll get
    warmer soon,&quot; Michael said.  
Once the water became lukewarm,
    Michael stepped inside. He didn't pull the curtain closed, wanting the camera
    to catch everything.  
&quot;You and I are going
    to wash each other,&quot; Michael said as he began rubbing her wet breasts.
    Water ran down her shoulders and trickled down her chest before sliding off
    her nipples. Michael bent and captured one of her nipples with his mouth,
    Mita gasping as he sucked on it.  
&quot;Please stop,&quot; she
    begged him, his teeth biting her nipple hard.  
Michael ignored her and continued
    sucking and biting her nipple. He massaged the other breast, his fingers
    pinching her hard nipple painfully. Michael then moved down her body, kissing
    her flat stomach. He played with her naval and stuck his tongue inside, Mita
    gasping again as Michael continued to play with her breasts. She could feel
    his teeth nip her stomach and his tongue licking her skin. Michael then moved
    down, his hands leaving her breasts to grab her teenage ass. He grabbed her
    cheeks and pulled her closer to him. His face was right above her pussy.
    Michael lightly bit the skin, looking up at her, knowing she was turned on
    by his touch. He started to kiss her pussy, Mita tried to move away but his
    hands harshly squeezed her cheeks stopping her. He wriggled his tongue between
    her pussy lips and started to play with the clit.  
Mita grew hot. She didn't
    want to show him that she enjoyed his oral rape, but his rhythmic tongue
    wouldn't stop.  
&quot;Spread your legs for
    me, Mita,&quot; Michael ordered her.  
Mita obeyed and Michael was
    able to insert his tongue deep inside her. He tasted her sweet juice and
    knew that she was enjoying this. He felt her body shudder as his mouth furiously
    worked on her clit before moving inside her tight vagina.  
&quot;Play with your breasts,&quot; he
    ordered. Mita rubbed her breasts as he continued to violate her with his
    tongue. She unknowingly started to move her hips and moan. She closed her
    eyes. She wanted to picture herself somewhere else, a boyfriend's tongue
    inside her.  
Michael's cock was hard again,
    but he didn't want to cum now. He knew it would take a while anyway and there
    were so many other things he wanted to do to her tight body. He continued
    to rape her with his tongue until he felt that she was about to have an orgasm.
    He stopped, holding onto her ass and stood up. Mita opened her eyes to see
    what he was going to do to her now.  
&quot;Open your legs for me
    some more,&quot; he said. Mita did what she was told and Michael began to
    rub her clit with one of his fingers, staring into her eyes.  
&quot;You like that don't
    you?&quot; he said.  
&quot;Please don't,&quot; Mita
    begged in a whisper as she continued to play with her tits and hard nipples.  
&quot;You're going to cum
    soon aren't you?&quot; he asked her. His finger stopped rubbing her clit
    and entered her pussy; two thick fingers beginning to finger fuck her.  
He heard her gasp and moan
    and knew she was about to cum. He stopped finger fucking her, lifted her
    up and pressed her against the shower wall.  
Mita was scared that if she
    struggled he would slip and fall with her in the shower so she wrapped her
    arms and legs around him. She could feel him position her over his cock,
    the bulbous head pushed tightly against her vagina. Michael thrust in but
    was gentle this time. He began to fuck her slowly, making her take his hard
    cock inches at a time. Michael knew that she was going to orgasm.  
&quot;Cum for me,&quot; he
    ordered her. His big cock went in and out of her as she tried to hold back
    her orgasm, her pussy clenching on it as it withdrew each time. Finally Michael
    felt her shudder and her pussy clench his cock. He held it there as he felt
    the muscles spasm around it.  
&quot;Good girl,&quot; he
    said once her body started to relax. He slowly let her down and pulled out
    his cock, covered with her juices. Mita began to cry again. She didn't want
    him to think she enjoyed having him inside her.  
&quot;Now clean me with your
    mouth,&quot; he said as he picked up a shampoo bottle. &quot;While you're
    doing that, I'll wash your hair.&quot;  
Mita knew that nothing would
    stop him so she obeyed, knelt down and started to lick her cum off his cock.
    Michael squeezed some shampoo into his hand and worked it into her hair.
    Her hair felt great between his fingers. He guided her mouth over his cock.
    Mita knew what he wanted and opened her mouth so his big cock could be inserted.
    Michael began to pull her hair and push her head on his cock, making her
    gag. He let her suck him for about five minutes, enjoying forcing it down
    her throat and making her choke on it before letting her stop.  
&quot;Good, now you can stop
    sucking and bathe the rest of me,&quot; he said. He let Mita rinse her hair
    before handing her the bar of soap. Mita ran it all over his body. Michael
    just stood there and watched as his sex slave bathed him. He enjoyed feeling
    her hands rub against his skin as she worked the soap into lather. He especially
    liked feeling her hands on his inner thighs and ass.   
After rinsing off, Michael
    took the soap and did the same thing with Mita. He took extra care in rubbing
    her breasts and ass, joking that those were the most active parts for the
    day. The entire time he washed her, Mita looked down in shame. He let her
    rinse off and watched as the soap ran off her breasts and exposed her nipples.
    He knew he was going to fuck her again that night.  
Once the shower was over,
    Michael walked Mita out of the bathtub and turned off the camera. He handed
    her a towel so she could dry off while he dried himself as well. Then he
    walked her back to the bed.  
&quot;It's getting pretty
    late and I'm tired,&quot; he said. &quot;This is where you'll be sleeping
    tonight,&quot; he laughed before adding, &quot;I'll be a gentleman and sleep
    on the couch.&quot; The main reason Michael didn't sleep with his students
    was because he usually ate and watched TV while they slept. He liked to truly
    enjoy his weekend and do other things as well. Plus, he liked knowing that
    his victims felt scared and alone.  
He made Mita lie face down
    on the bed. Then he told her to put her legs and arms into a spread eagle
    position. He took pieces of nylon rope from under the bed and secured her
    arms and legs to the bedposts. He allowed her some room to bend so that she
    wouldn't be too stiff in the morning.  
He stood back and looked at
    her. His cock still hard from the shower.  
&quot;Before I let you sleep,
    there is one more thing I want to do,&quot; Michael said as he climbed on
    top of her. Mita knew what he was going to do and tried to move away but
    the restraints kept her in place. Michael positioned his cock over her asshole
    and slowly started to push in.  
&quot;Mmmmmmmph!&quot; Mita
    grunted as she pressed her head against the pillow. His heavy weight pinned
    her to the mattress and huge cock leisurely started to move inside her, a
    slow gradual ass rape.  
Michael pushed her down in
    the bed with all his weight. He wanted her to feel helpless. He pulled on
    her wet hair and held onto her shoulders. The bed squeaked while Michael
    thrust inside her, her asshole having to take the full power of his steely
    cock.  
&quot;Take it all in like
    a good girl,&quot; he said as Mita cried. She could barely breathe because
    of his weight on top of her.  
Michael thought it would take
    him forever to cum but it only took fifteen minutes. He slumped on top of
    her while he ejaculated, filling her stomach again with his hot cum. Mita
    continued to cry. How could he violate her so many times?  
&quot;Get some rest. You'll
    need some energy for tomorrow,&quot; Michael said.  
He slipped out of her, walked
    out of the bedroom and closed the door. Finally alone, Mita tried to think
    of ways to escape, but it was hopeless. He'd bound her too well. Her entire
    body was sore from the brutal rapes. She cried and cried until she was exhausted
    and had no choice but to fall asleep.  
Michael prepared his dinner
    and ate it on the couch while watching TV. Since the house wasn't his primary
    residence, he didn't bother subscribing to cable. Nothing good was ever on
    at night, but Michael didn't care. He was busy thinking of all the things
    he wanted to do to his student. She was definitely his favorite so far. He
    loved hearing her scream and cry as he fucked her tight body.   
 
  He decided to play the tape of her rape
  to see how well it recorded. He saw Mita touching herself and sucking his cock.
  She actually looked like she was willing to do it throughout her whole ordeal.
  The scene of her servicing him cut off and the next image showed her swallowing
  his cum. The final scene was when they were in the shower. Michael could hear
  himself groan as he fucked her. He could also hear Mita's cries of pleasure.
  As he watched this, perverted ideas filled his mind. He turned off the video
  and watched whatever infomercial was on. He set an alarm for 7 a.m.; he wanted
  the whole day with his lovely student. He was fully satisfied and slowly drifted
  into a deep, calm sleep.   
 
  Mita didn't sleep as soundly. She had
  nightmares of her attack dreaming that she was running from a large man but
  her legs moved like cement bricks. He was catching up to her and she couldn't
  run any faster. Finally, he caught her and Mita felt his body slam on top of
  hers, his weight on her, a thick cock entering her and raping her. She was
  sweating when she woke up. She couldn't remember where she was, but she continued
  to feel something raping her. Then she realized what was happening. Michael
  was on top of her. He was raping her in her ass.   
 
  &quot;Noooooooo!&quot; Mita cried. She
  tried to move her arms and legs but realized they were still restrained.   
 
  &quot;Good morning, Mita,&quot; Michael
  grunted as he continued to fuck her. He had been inside her for a good minute
  before she woke up. &quot;There's nothing better than a good ass fuck to start
  the day off right,&quot; he joked.   
 
  Mita started to cry again. She remembered
  everything that happened the night before. She knew that she was his until
  he decided to let her go. She moaned as he violated her ass again and again.   
 
  Michael quickly came inside her. He had
  a good night sleep and was ready to spend the entire day playing with his toy.
  Unknown to Mita, Michael's doctor prescribed Viagra for him. He was able to
  have fun with a woman for the entire day. As he came, he pulled Mita's hair,
  causing her to cry out.   
 
  &quot;Ready for some fun today?&quot; he
  asked with a smile. Mita continued to cry.   
 
  Once he was finished, Michael got off
  her and untied her arms and legs. Mita's joints were sore and stiff from not
  being able to move around.   
 
  Michael turned Mita over on her back and
  rubbed his hands over her joints to help the circulation flow. Then his hands
  traveled to her breasts and he looked into her eyes as his hands caressed her
  mounds making the nipples stand up. He wanted to fuck her pussy but decided
  to wait even though his cock was hard again. He had all day to gratify himself.  
After waiting a few minutes
    for Mita to regain the feelings in her arms and legs, Michael walked her
    to the kitchen.   
 
  &quot;I already ate breakfast but now
  I want to feed you,&quot; he said. He took out a jar of honey from a cabinet
  and opened it. Then he poured some honey into his hands and rubbed them on
  his cock.   
 
  &quot;Start licking up your breakfast,&quot; he
  said.   
 
  Mita got down on her knees and began to
  lick his cock. The honey tasted good, but Mita was humiliated that she was
  forced to eat this way. Michael moaned as he felt her soft tongue move up and
  down his large member. Honey was still on his hands so Michael wiped them on
  his balls.   
 
  &quot;Suck my balls, Mita&quot; Michael
  whispered. Mita started to lick his balls and hated it. Hair was mixed with
  honey and sometimes she got a strand of it in her mouth. She dragged her tongue
  from the bottom of his balls to his top of his cock. Once all the honey was
  licked away, Michael grabbed her head and positioned her mouth over his cock.   
 
  &quot;You know what to do,&quot; he said.   
 
  Mita started to suck his cock, but Michael
  pressed her head against him and fucked her mouth. Mita slapped his thighs
  and abdomen, trying to get away, but Michael didn't stop. He loved feeling
  her gag and cry. He loved it when she tried to scream. Her muscles tickled
  his cock and made it grow even larger. His sticky balls slapped her chin. Mita
  thought she would pass out. She couldn't breathe and was choking on his cock.
  Finally, she felt his cum shoot against the back of her throat. Michael pulled
  out enough so the cum would land on her tongue.   
   
  &quot;Swallow it like a good girl,&quot; he
  said. Mita complied. She swallowed his nasty salty semen. She wanted to throw
  up afterwards but somehow managed to keep everything down.   
 
  Spent for the moment, Michael washed his
  hands in the sink, got a towel and wiped his cock. He certainly didn't want
  to be sticky all day. Mita was still kneeling on the kitchen floor. He looked
  at her. Her long hair was tangled and hanging just above her nipples. He knew
  that he had broken her. She would do anything that he wanted.  
Mita performed all day for
    him like a good little sex slave. She wrapped her arms and legs around him
    as he fucked her hard, her hips pumping up and down, squeezing on his cock
    as he dragged it from her tight pussy.  
She kneeled on the floor,
    her head resting on the carpet, her ass raised, offering herself to him.
    She spread her legs, exposed her anus, still red and swollen from the previous
    anal rapes. She pushed back as he fucked her asshole, driving his cock painfully
    into her back passage, cramping her stomach as he ass raped her. She clenched
    on his raping cock as it dragged painfully from her rectum, her sphincter
    giving him such pleasure.  
When his cock got soft, her
    mouth wrapped around it, her tongue rubbing up and down until he would get
    hard again, even though she knew she was getting his cock hard only to rape
    her again. She no longer cared.  
He must have dumped five more
    loads of cum inside her body before he dropped her off on the campus, but
    not before showing her pictures that showed her looking like she was enjoying
    the sex. He threatened her with public exposure if she told anyone.  
Michael never saw Mita in
    his class again. He promised her that she would receive her "A" even if she
    didn't take any of the tests. A month after her rape, he was in the library
    looking for a text that would help him write his next book when he saw her
    alone in the library. She was wearing a blouse and casual skirt. It was a
    Friday night again so no one was there except the two of them. She was busy
    looking through the aisles for a book so it was easy for him to creep up
    and surprise her.  
"Don't you ever take a break?" he
    asked.  
Mita eyes grew wide, terror
    creeping into her expression. "I have a big research paper to finish for
    another class. It's due on Monday and the library isn't open on the weekends," she
    whispered, hoping that he would leave her alone.  
Michael looked around. They
    were on the 5 th  floor
    of the library. No one else seemed to be on the floor. Even if there had
    been others, the aisles of books easily hid Michael and Mita and buffeted
    much of the sound.   
He normally left the students
    he raped alone after he let them go. But Mita was different. Michael missed
    raping her. When he saw her again all his sexual urges overwhelmed him. He
    grabbed Mita and pushed her to a dark corner of the library. Mita tried to
    scream but Michael quickly covered her mouth with a hand.  
Once they were in the corner,
    Michael slammed her back against the wall and felt her breasts through her
    blouse. He told her that if she screamed he would break her neck. The threat
    of physical violence terrified Mita and so she complied. Michael helped himself
    to her breasts. She was wearing a bra this time. Michael slipped his hands
    under her blouse and unhooked her bra. Then he lifted her blouse and bra
    up so that her breasts were revealed.  
"Please let me go," Mita sobbed
    as he toyed with her nipples. Michael grabbed her breasts and squeezed hard,
    causing her to gasp. He knew she wanted to scream but was too afraid to make
    him angry. He enjoyed the power.  
"Don't worry, no one will
    see us," he said. "Turn around, Mita."  
Mita began to cry as she did
    what she was told. Michael's cock was hard. He lifted up her skirt, revealing
    her panties. He touched her pussy and ran his fingers along her ass as she
    quietly whimpered. He pulled her panties down to the floor.  
"Spread your legs," he commanded.
    He unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock. He pressed it against Mita's
    warm ass. She began to whimper again, knowing what he was about to do.  
"Please don't," Mita said
    helplessly. She hoped someone would see them but the entire floor was empty.  
She gasped as Michael pressed
    his cock against her asshole. He slowly inserted his tool inside her. Even
    though he'd ravaged it a month earlier, her asshole happily seemed to have
    gone back to its virginal tightness.  
Mita's hands were on the wall,
    holding her up for Michael's attack. Her breasts bounced as he violated her
    again. Michael held onto Mita's hips. He wanted her to know that he could
    do anything that he wanted with her. His hands traveled across her back and
    to her breasts. He pulled her nipples as he continued to fuck her. Neither
    of them said a word.  
Michael's breathing became
    erratic. He could feel his cum building in his balls. He started banging
    Mita harder. Despite the pain, Mita didn't scream. She was so scared that
    Michael would hurt her. Finally, Mita felt Michael cum inside her. He held
    his cock in her ass until it became soft. Mita could feel the vein move before
    the cum shot inside her. She started to quietly cry. Tears ran down her cheeks.  
Michael gave her breasts a
    final squeeze before he pulled out of her and stuck his soft cock back in
    his pants. He watched Mita as she pulled up her panties and re-hooked her
    bra. Her skirt fell neatly back in place.  
"Don't worry, I won't mess
    with you again," he said as he wiped away tears from her eyes.  
He looked at her. No longer
    the teenage, innocent Asian girl, she looked more like a well-fucked whore. "You
    were my best one Mita. Such a nice tight body to rape." Mita looked at him
    one last time before running out of the library. She didn't need to be reminded
    of what he would do to her if she told someone.  
Michael watched his young
    student run, his mind already wandering to who his next victim would be.
    How about that nice Latina girl in his first period class? He heard that
    Latino girls were hot lovers. Wonder how she would react to a large cock
    raping all her holes? His cock already getting hard again.  
The End   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Powerone SarahBell


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





