BDSM Library - Profane Rituals - The Ritual




Profane Rituals - The Ritual
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Lead up to, and celebration of a satanic ritual.PROFANE RITUALS - THE RITUAL   
The big, black, stretch limousine in which we travelled
  seemed to glide over the shiny black surface of the wet street as it wended
  its way through the city, towards the waterfront. All the luxury vehicle's
  windows, with the obvious exception of the windscreen, were opaque black, denying
  passers by any opportunity to see into the interior of the cabin, and the privileged
  few who travelled in there. This was just as well, considering those who were
  actually occupying that ornate conveyance on this particular night. Three priestesses,
  including the current high priestess, of the notorious Church of the Fallen
  Angels, and three of its most obsequious slaves. The congregation of this shadowy
  satanic society is made up of only two types of people, dominators and slaves.
  There is no in between. If you are a member, you are either a dominator, with
  total control over any and all slave devotees, or a slave, with absolutely
  no rights within the Church what so ever.  
To put this into its proper context, the dominant class
  of the society, for it is a society, not merely a congregation, which controlled
  all aspects of its devotees' lives, including total and absolute authority
  over the very existence of the slave worshippers. As is the case with most
  satanic cults, and even more so with this particular one, the sect participants
  live lives with no moral restraints of any kind. The only rule that is applied
  is that, if it feels good, do it. Deny yourself nothing. Beelzebub commands
  excess in all things. Unbridled sexual debauchery is the ultimate virtue. Cruel
  and un-natural sadism of supreme merit. Immaculate submission and extreme masochism
  of sacred value. Within this framework it is understandable that those individuals
  who joined the sect in the guise of domatrixes or masters, if they weren't
  already consummate sadists, soon developed their cruel and merciless sadism
  to supreme levels. Similarly, if those persons who either joined of their own
  volition, or were forcibly recruited as members of the slave class were not
  already completely masochistic in nature, they were soon reduced to a level
  of submission and acceptance that defied explanation, if measured in terms
  of the unmerciful treatment they were prepared to endure, indeed welcome.  
Indeed I, myself, had voluntarily joined the Church, as
  a slave, five years ago. My name is slave slutina, and I was only eighteen
  years of age when I joined. I am a born masochist, but even I did not envisage
  the depths of submission and depravity that I was expected to sink to by my
  personal domatrix, the regal and utterly sadistic high priestess Majesty. Though
  I don't possess a rebellious bone in my body it took almost a full year of
  submission before I fully, and unconditionally accepted my position in the
  scheme of things within the cult hierarchy, before I welcomed the cruel and
  inhuman punishment that I was continually subjected to, and before I wallowed
  in the depths of perverted depravity and consummate debauchery that constituted
  the only law of the ultimate Master, beelzebub.  
When I was first accepted into the fold of the Church of
  the Fallen Angels, as an eighteen year old, I was quite a beautiful young girl.
  Within the first three months of my submission my body had been completely
  transformed. When I first submitted I could have been described as sensual,
  but with a sort of almost innocent aura. Within those first few months I had
  been both physically and mentally transformed. Physically my sexuality had
  been unbelievable enhanced. I was subjected to a vigorous course of hormone
  based treatments, enhanced, I suspect, by the supernatural powers of the Lord.
  My tits, naturally quite large, grew to almost fantastic size. The massive
  mounds, however, are exquisitely shaped, and firm and creamy, the nipples that
  cap their ends long and rubbery. Similarly, my bottom cheeks grew more rounded
  and shapely, and my waist reduced to almost bizarre narrowness. The long lips
  of my pussy grew plumper and more sensual, and my clitoris lengthened and thickened.
  This most sensitive of female organs had its protective sheath surgically removed
  so that it could be subjected to both pleasure and pain with no hindrance.
  Decorative rings of precious metals, gold and silver pierce my nipples, the
  lips of my pussy, both inner and outer, the base of my bare clitoris, not to
  mention my ear lobes, humiliatingly, my nose, and bizarrely, even my tongue.
  In short I now invoke wanton lust in the minds of all who look at me. Looking
  at me, whether male or female, is sure to provoke lust and sexual passion in
  the soberest of people, and utterly depraved and perverted licentiousness in
  the already naturally sensuous.  
The two slaves accompanying me in the cavern of the limousine
  were forcibly recruited, principally by me, but under the strict supervision
  of my awe-inspiring Majesty. When slaves are recruited forcibly we do, of course,
  ascertain that their psyches are compatible with our way of life. Their is
  no point in capturing a person for ultimate reduction to slave status if that
  person is not basically attuned to submission in the first place. it is difficult,
  if not impossible for a slave to achieve the depths of submissive acceptance
  the Church requires if that person is not intrinsically masochistic in nature.
  The slaves cocksucker and harlotta, however, were entirely qualified, and reducing
  them to the level of submission that is mandatory, while a difficult and quite
  slow process, was never in doubt.  
The difficulty arose because the two when we targeted them
  for capture, and training, were not only siblings, but were both devoted to
  the catholic church, the implacable and eternal enemy of the Church of the
  Fallen Angels, one an ordained priest, and the other, a nun. The Lord Beelzebub
  bequeaths magnificent rewards on devotee's who manage to capture and break
  such individuals to His cause. Our success with these two resulted in the elevation
  of my Majesty to the ultimate rank of High Priestess, a position which allows
  her to exercise supreme power within the Church, and to indulge her needs and
  desires with absolutely no restraint. All in the Church are subject to her,
  and she submits to none save her sole male counterpart and, of course, the
  Lord Himself. For my part I am rewarded by being permitted to perform as the
  central slave in the most important of rites and ceremonies which, naturally,
  allows me to revel in supreme debauchery, and to suffer more exquisitely than
  any other slave in existence.  
The slave cocksucker is, by nature, strongly heterosexual,
  consequently the demeaning, and extremely humiliating, name he was given on
  his surrender to his fate. While all slaves are expected to perform sexually
  with members of either sex without demure, it provides immense pleasure to
  the dominators to force obviously heterosexual slaves to indulge in acts of
  extreme sexual depravity with members of their own sex. Indeed, slave cocksucker
  only ever seems to be permitted to carouse with females during official ceremonies.
  The slave's constant, and relentless sexual activity with other males ensures
  that he is constantly aware of his shame, humility, and, of course, abject
  and complete submission. He is a short, thickly set, and muscular man with
  a long, thick cock, ten inches in length, and one and a half inches thick when
  erect, as it almost always seems to be, and large fat balls capable of shedding
  enormous quantities of pungent sex cream. His body is entirely hairless and
  his nose, earlobes, nipples, and his prick, immediately below its fat head,
  have all been pierced and ringed. To add to the slave's constant humiliation,
  and to emphasise his utter capitulation, small icons in the shape of aroused
  male sex organs are clipped to all of his rings at all times, except when the
  rings themselves are required for bondage purposes.  
The slave harlotta, when she was taken was already a statuesque
  female of the sensually voluptuous type. Her tits, unlike mine are deliciously
  soft and pulpy. Her naturally seductive body had its innate sexuality enhanced
  in much the same fashion as my own had been. Those huge soft tits, and her
  equally soft and rounded arse cheeks have grown even larger, and more overtly
  sensual and, of course, her clitoris is circumcised and similar rings to those
  that adorn me are also inserted in her flesh. Unlike her brother, slave harlotta
  is naturally strongly lesbian in her sexual preference, as am I. Because the
  marvellous Majesty, and her two handmaidens, are strongly lesbian as well,
  unlike slave cocksucker, slave harlotta spends the vast majority of her submission
  serving females in any sexual capacity required. She is forced, however, to
  endure sex acts with males during ceremonies with reasonable frequency, and
  much to her deep shame and humiliation many of these involve her own brother.  
The three domatrixes that make up the rest of our little
  satanic cell are all in their late twenties. The first of these, known generally
  as Domatrix, is a pert small woman with a perfectly formed body and a beautiful,
  in the pretty sense, face. The five foot tall woman is the epitome of what
  might be know as cute, pert firm breasts, a slim figure with slender thighs
  and an almost impossibly small waist. She keeps her perfectly formed vulva
  smoothly shaven so that her quite prominent clitoris is freely available to
  worshipping slaves. Despite her small stature, and her looks which suggest
  vivacious sensuality, Domatrix is a deliciously cruel sadist, and capable of
  inflicting brutal punishment on the submissive bodies of slaves. The second
  of the priestesses is know throughout the cult simply as Mistress, and is a
  veritable mountain of a woman. Everything about her is larger than life, from
  her quite literally mountainous breasts, to her thick, but perfectly in proportion,
  waist, to her large shapely rear and full meaty thighs. She, too, keeps her
  mighty vulva smoothly shaven and her clitoris, almost the size of a youth's
  penis, cannot be contained, even within the full plump lips of that sensationally
  female sex. Unlike the pert Domatrix, it does not take a vivid imagination
  to realise that this mountain of a woman would delight in causing submissives
  to suffer, and revel in their anguish. She exudes cruelty and unmerciful power
  through every pore.  
The divine and profane Majesty, however, is quite something
  else. She is the true epitome of an amazon. Well over six feet tall with long
  shapely legs that women the world over would die for. Large, firm, shapely
  breasts jut out arrogantly from her wide torso, which tapers down to a tiny
  waist and flat belly. Full, round buttocks lead to long shapely thighs. Her
  permanently depilated mound is full and plump, and is split by long exquisitely
  formed sex lips which barely contain her strong clitoris. The sacred and ungodly
  Majesty's facial features while incredibly beautiful, radiate sadistic cruelty
  in the extreme. Slaves have been known to swoon in terror from merely gazing
  at her. She is my reason for being, this regal and dominating presence. She
  exudes the power of Beelzebub like a beacon, and is an entirely appropriate
  individual to occupy the highest of offices in the Church of the Fallen Angels.
  The statuesque sadist derives complete satisfaction from either inflicting,
  or witnessing the administration of severe and barbaric punishment on slaves.
  Indeed, she frequently achieves orgasm purely though the medium of indulging
  in sadistic brutality.  
So, hidden in the interior of the gliding limousine were
  we six devotees of the Church of the Fallen Angels, on route to one of the
  many brothels owned and operated by that Church. The Church, itself, possesses
  untold wealth, accumulate through its network of brothels and sex shops, catering
  exclusively to the extreme S&amp;M under culture. The brothels, of course,
  are staffed exclusively by the Church's multitude of slaves of all sexual gender
  combinations, males, females, transsexuals, and even a few hermaphrodites.
  Being slaves, naturally enough, the prostitutes derive no share of the income
  from their labours, so the profits to the Church are great. Business in the
  brothels is always frenzied. Not because they are so price effective, indeed
  they are quite expensive comparatively, but rather because the slaves who staff
  them are so consummately depraved and corrupt that no act dreamed up by clients
  is too perverse for them to perform and, of course, there is never any doubt
  in those clients' minds that the whores delight in their debauchery. There
  is nothing more satisfying to the hedonist than using a harlot so obviously
  eager to please. This would not have been a surprise to them had they have
  known that any slave whore whose performance resulted in a complaint by the
  customer would be subjected to the cruelest of punishments. Also, of course,
  the fact that slaves of the Church are always highly sensual, and beautiful,
  helps in both attracting, and then ensuring that clients keep on frequenting
  the sex establishments.  
Similarly, the S&amp;M boutiques that are run by the Church
  use slaves exclusively as models for the high quality magazines and video tapes
  that are marketed in them. This insulates them from the attentions of the law.
  Slaves staff these shops as well, so that overheads are kept to a minimum.
  The kinky clothing these emporiums feature are also manufactured in factories
  staffed by slaves. In short, the Church has a large percentage of the underworld
  sex industry market in the country, and even exports product to other countries.
  Its income, on an annual basis, can be measured in the hundreds of millions.
  It was to a particularly kinky brothel, deep in the maze of the waterfront,
  that the limousine was heading, the slaves it carried to were to undertake
  a twelve hour stint of service in the sex establishment.  
To anyone looking at the big limousine, cruising through
  the streets, nothing appeared to be unusual, except for the strange bouncing
  up and down movements of the chauffer, as if the ornate car were travelling
  over rough terrain. But had the casual observer been able to see into the interior
  of the cabin then their reactions would have been of shocked amazement. The
  chauffer, of course, is also a slave, and while his upper body, to all extents
  and purposes, looked like that of a professional drive, complete with uniform
  and cap, if you were able to see below the level of the car's dashboard and
  doors, you would see that he was nude from the waist down. Not only that, but
  you would also see that the seat he was supposed to be occupying did not exist.
  In its place a mighty dildo sprouted up from the floor of the compartment,
  and the tight arsehole of the driver was cruelly impaled on the thick, long
  girth of the enormous, stiff, rubber cock. The constant up and down movements
  of the slave driver were caused, of course, as a result of him deeply and thoroughly
  fucking his own aching arsehole on that dildo, while he drove. Most would have
  been astounded, and no doubt sexually excited, to see that the slave's long,
  thick, prick was stiff and throbbing, and that his balls were fat, and swollen
  with sap, and, finally, astonished to see that his crotch was completely hairless.  
If passers by would have been shocked and astounded by what
  was hidden in the driver's compartment they would have been infinitely more
  flabbergasted by the activities being enacted within the cabin of the grand
  vehicle. The regal Majesty was seated on one side of the cabin by herself.
  She was dressed in a predominantly scarlet leather ensemble, consisting of
  a tight vest that struggled to contain her large, full, breasts whose creamy,
  white masses bulged from around its tight edges. She wore a tight micro mini
  that fully revealed her svelte thighs clad as they were in smoky coloured silk
  hose. The colouring of her apparel was tied to her status in the Church. Only
  one other adherent qualified for scarlet costuming, the sole High Priest of
  the Church, her male counterpart.  
Kneeling on the carpeted floor of the cabin of the limousine
  before this seated vision of satanic splendour was the male slave, cocksucker.
  The slave's muscular body was nude except for lacy pink stocking sheathing
  his hairless legs, a pink satin garter belt holding them up that rode sluttishly
  low on his board hips, and the impossibly high heeled patent leather pumps
  enclosing his large feet. The slave's arms were bound behind his back in a
  full leather arm binder that was laced up tightly, and enveloped his limbs
  from his armpits to the tips of his fingers. The bondage garment was laced
  so tightly at his elbows that they were forced to actually touch at the centre
  of his back. The slave had adopted a pose that allowed him to display his depravity
  obscenely to his Goddess. His muscular torso leant back, and his knees were
  spread excruciatingly wide on the floor, so wide that his bulging balls almost
  brushed the its plush carpet. His long, thick, pulsatingly erect prick arched
  up his palpitating belly, its fat, purplish head shining with sticky, pungent
  fluid that seeped from the dilated slit in its tip. The slave was slowly, and
  sensuously, rolling his hips so that his throbbing cock swayed to and fro lewdly
  about for the visual pleasure of the watching woman.  
The profane Majesty was amusing herself by having the grovelling
  slave humiliate himself verbally. He was allowing his degenerate imagination
  full reign in voicing erotically explicit descriptions in regard to those services
  he would be required to undertake during his shift at the brothel. The slave,
  flushing deeply in his shame, but never the less, revelling in that same shame,
  described scenes of utter depravity, and perverted debauchery, and his immaculate
  joy in participating in them, such as:  
While slave cocksucker humiliated himself so deliciously
  to entertain the malicious Majesty, slave harlotta and I were both on our knees
  before the other two domatrixes. The two sadistic women were dressed almost
  identically to Majesty, except that their dominant colour was black, as befits
  acolytes in the Church of the Fallen Angels. Each of the women had her micro
  skirt pulled up around her waist, revealing her excited sex in all its glorious,
  smoothly shaved nudity. We slaves were dressed identically to the male slave
  cocksucker, including tightly laced full arm binders that captured our arms
  cruelly. With girl slaves, of course, arm binders of this design serve to heighten
  both the availability and vulnerability of the slave's naked tits. The merciless
  Majesty especially favours this type of bondage as she adores, almost above
  all else, to entertain herself by whipping her slave girls' fat udders when
  they are so freely, and defencelessly offered. Slave harlotta would state that
  the arm binder is one of her favourite forms of bondage as she, with such a
  profoundly masochistic nature, relishes having her huge, creamy skinned, exquisitely
  soft fleshed tits tormented with immaculate cruelty above all else. I, myself,
  by contrast much prefer to have the meat of my sensitive female sex tormented
  with consummate cruelty. This is not to say, of course, that having my big
  firm tits hurt is not enjoyable to my masochistic soul.  
I knelt, submissively, before the pert domatrix, while slave
  harlotta knelt before the massively proportioned Mistress. The domatrixes,
  as the excitement and sensual atmosphere being created by the humiliating declarations
  of slave cocksucker began to arouse them, reached out and drew our adoring
  faces into their widely splayed crotches. I sighed with sensuous happiness
  when my lips met the hot, swollen, sightly moist ones that nestled so gorgeously
  between domatrix's full, shapely thighs. I breathed the stimulating scent of
  her adorable pussy into my nose, sniffing the sexual aroma with hedonistic
  elation. My pulse raced with sexual excitement when I allowed my soft warm
  tongue to languidly split those flawlessly formed pussy lips, and my taste
  buds were flooded with the tart flavours of aroused female sexuality.  
Even as my own adoring mouth tasted the sexuality of the
  divine Domatrix, so the awesome Mistress was taking similar action with slave
  harlotta. I could just imagine the joy flooding the voluptuous slave woman
  while she tongued the Mistress' pungent sex meat, for I knew that the imposing
  Mistress was her favourite dominator, and it filled her with extraordinary
  happiness when she was permitted to serve the cruel woman so intimately. The
  only activity the submissive creature would have chosen above this would have
  been to have her massive tits brutally punished by the enormously strong, and
  utterly merciless sadist. Both these hedonists were devotees of debauchery
  to the utmost excess, each in her own way.  
While my infinitely clever tongue teased the sex of the
  petit Domatrix with exquisite sensuousness, in line with her tastes, the heavy,
  liquid sucking sounds coming from the other duo provided ample evidence that
  slave harlotta was also avidly catering to Mistress'. Indeed, when I raised
  my head slightly, so I could stimulate the tip of Domatrix's stiff, throbbing
  clitoris I was able to see, out of the corner of my eye, that Mistress was
  also doing her best to add to her slave's submissive pleasure. Her enormous,
  smooth, meaty thighs were crushing the head of the slave, while she was using
  the long heels of her shiny black leather boots to batter the softly swinging
  masses of her naked tits.  
The demonic Majesty was also adding to her own enjoyment,
  apart from listening to the humiliating and obscene ramblings of slave cocksucker,
  by swinging the cruel lash of her ever present quirt into the smooth, nude
  mounds of my erotically swaying bottom. The hurt she inflicted was too benign
  for my liking, and I was soon arching my back savagely so that the moist trench
  of my sex was fully revealed to her. The sadist was unlikely to pass up such
  an inviting target, and a tiny yelp escaped my busy mouth when the first slap
  of leather on sex heralded the change of tack. I savoured the pain that flooded
  my gaping pussy, my tongue working even more eagerly on Domatrix's bulging
  clitoris, while I anxiously anticipated the fall of the cruel lash on my own
  bare, rigid, pulsing bud.  
Thus, with these activities taking place, anonymously, in
  the cabin, the plush limousine wended its way more deeply into the sleazy area
  of the waterfront. Eventually the car approached a large seemingly dilapidated
  warehouse type building. The only thing that set this large structure apart
  from its equally seedy looking neighbours was the fact that there were numerous
  cars parked in the street in front, and on both sides of it. The big car we
  travelled in, however, did not join them. Rather, it approached a set of large
  doors which slid open as soon as it arrived, and the limousine slowly glided,
  silently into the dark interior, and descended down a ramp to the basement
  car park, reserved for Church members only.  
The languid nature of the activity in the car changed as
  we prepared to disembark. Leashes were snapped onto the rings in we slaves'
  noses, after we had lined up on our knees, and then the doors were opened by
  the bizarre chauffer. The domatrixes descended first, stepping out into the
  dimly lit parking basement. Then we clambered down onto the softly carpeted
  floor, with Majesty holding our leashes in one of her hands. Once we were all
  out of the car Majesty led the group towards the sliding doors of a lift. Once
  inside the building its less than imposing facade changed abruptly. The contrast
  between the seemingly run down exterior of the building, and the opulence,
  even of its basement, could not have been more stark.  
We slaves shuffled awkwardly along on our knees behind the
  domatrixes, slave cocksucker's long thick, achingly stiff prick swaying lewdly
  with his gait, and slave harlotta's massive, soft tits wobbled erotically,
  showing evidence of the attentions of Mistress' heels on their creamy white
  skin, as she shuffled along. I noticed, with a smile, that her pretty features
  glistened in the soft light, with the juices of Mistress' succulent pussy.
  My stiff clitoris still tingled with the lingering residue of hurt resulting
  from the slaps of Majesty's quirt. We entered the lift and slowly ascended
  up to the working levels of the opulent brothel.  
The reason for our visit on this occasion was twofold. One,
  for we slaves to work a shift as harlots, as we were frequently required to
  do, and secondly to collect a vast quantity of cock cream for use in a Black
  Mass that was to be conducted later the next week. We moved down a long, carpeted
  corridor until we came to a door. Majesty opened the door and we all entered
  a small theatrette. Performing on the small stage was a mistress and a male
  slave, putting on a spectacle for an audience of twenty or so who were, in
  turn, being served by a number of naked slaves of both sexes.  
I took in the detail of the room while kneeling, with my
  fellow slaves, behind the domatrixes, our heads peering out from between their
  legs. Majesty motioned to a slave in position near the public access door,
  and he crawled over to us. While we took in the proceedings that slave busied
  himself removing our arm binders in response to Majesty's command. A nude white
  male slave was strapped securely to a bondage table in the centre of the stage.
  The slave's whip welted arse was well raised, and the muscular cheeks were
  spread wide apart revealing the ridged ring of his arsehole. The mistress,
  a tall, well built negress was semi nude. Her large firm breasts hung free,
  and glistened with the sweat of her exertions. Around her waist was a thick,
  white leather belt which supported an impossibly long and thick white leather
  dildo which arched out from her groin.  
The mistress stood before the tied down slave's head, and
  was driving that enormous fake prick deeply down his gulping throat while,
  at the same time, she slapped his raised bottom cheeks viciously with a heavy
  cat-and-nine tails whip. The slave's raised arse shuddered with each fall of
  the cruel whip, and he grunted into the prick filling his mouth. The savage
  mistress was giving the audience a running commentary, explaining why she was
  punishing her dissolute slave, how much the snivelling pig deserved to suffer,
  and how she was looking forward to fucking his arse to shreds with her lovely
  big prick.  
The slave's long, thick prick hung stiffly from his smoothly
  shaven crotch, its stiffness clear evidence that he too was aroused by his
  brutal punishment. The audience watched proceedings in an aura of rapt excitement.
  They consumed the drinks they were served by the attending slaves, using the
  opportunity to feel hanging tits, wet pussies, and stiff, hot cocks when the
  fancy took them. The slaves, of course, refused the clients nothing, and equally
  enjoyed their attentions. From time to time a client's arousal would get the
  better of him or her, and a slave's eager mouth would be drawn to a stiff,
  throbbing penis, or a wet dripping pussy.  
The performing mistress had noticed our arrival and, after
  announcing that she was now going to royally fuck her slave's well punished
  arse, asked the audience if they thought that the suffering slave deserved
  a reward for his submissive acceptance of his correction. The excited audience
  were obviously eager to see what this might involve, and thus, understandably,
  raucously assented. The mistress glanced, expectantly, over to us, and the
  profane Majesty, nodding her assent imperceptibly, used a foot to nudge the
  kneeling figure of slave cocksucker.  
Slave cocksucker blushed furiously but, never the less,
  crawled out onto the stage. When he arrived at the bondage table he gazed up
  at the leering mistress with a submissive, but questioning look on his smooth
  features. &quot;You, slut, may suck a load from my little swine's puny prick
  while I fuck his brains out!&quot; The haughty woman commanded. &quot;If my
  putrid pig sheds his offal too soon, I shall flay your fat ugly balls without
  mercy, harlot, but should our viewers consider that you have given them a good
  show for their money, then I shall consider letting you show off your own spitting
  slug to them, your choice of method even, if I'm pleased with your efforts
  too.&quot; She concluded, motioning for the excited slave cocksucker to take
  up his position underneath the table while she, herself, moved to a position
  behind, and between the stretched open thighs of the tied down slave.  
While the two were moving into their positions for the commencement
  of the depraved exhibition I wondered to myself what slave cocksucker might
  have been feeling at that moment. To start with he would be mortified at having
  to suck off another male's stiff, hot cock in public, but then he would almost
  certainly have been beside himself with submissive excitement at the prospect
  of climaxing, himself, before an audience. The shame would be just delicious.
  The aspect of the exhibition that would thrill him the most was, without doubt,
  being permitted to choose the method. This would give the servile cocksucker
  free reign to his vivid, and deeply masochistic imagination. We could look
  forward, if we stayed where we were for the performance, to a really debauched
  and utterly hedonistic performance.  
The tall mistress reached down with one hand, and positioned
  the fat head of her mighty dildo against the pout of her slave's straining
  arsehole. She then threw her hips forward, and drove the entire length of the
  huge rubber penis into the slave's tight arsehole, eliciting a squeal of pleasure
  pain from the captive male. At the same time the red faced slave cocksucker
  raised his head to the hanging penis of the slave and began to lap sensuously
  at the thick swollen glans in lewd abandon. It was so erotic to watch his long
  tongue slobbering over the swollen knob of his fellow slave, his own raging
  erection beginning to dribble creamy fluid from its own flaring tip, betraying
  his own acute arousal, despite his abject humiliation, for all to see.  
The mistress began to pump her dildo in and out of her slave's
  arsehole with long, slow deep strokes. At the same time, and seemingly in perfect
  time with her movements, slave cocksucker swallowed the entire length of the
  slave's throbbing prick. Each time the dildo was buried to the hilt up his
  arse the entire length of the slave's pounding prick disappeared into slave
  cocksucker's gulping mouth, until his grotesquely ovalled lips were pressed
  firmly into the slave's smooth crotch. When the mistress had withdrawn her
  cruel dildo, until only its thick tip was lodged in the slave's well reamed
  arsehole, slave cocksucker's mouth also relinquished the entire length of the
  slave's rock hard stalk, and his long wet tongue lapped lewdly at the dripping
  glans.  
As the level of lust enveloping the rutting trio inevitably
  rose, the mistress began to slap wildly at her slave's well whipped arse cheeks,
  adding to the acute pleasure flooding his tied down body from the thorough
  reaming his arsehole was receiving, and the exquisite sucking of his enormous
  erect prick. Slave cocksucker, anticipating the climax of the debauched performance
  reached up with both hands and began to squeeze and pull at the swollen balls
  of the slave he so avidly sucked. When he sensed that climax was imminent he
  allowed his hands to grasp the lower reaches of the stem of the slave's throbbing
  cock, and rapidly flicking his tongue went wild, concentrating solely on the
  purple tip, while his hands pulled at the pulsating stalk with ever increasing
  rapidity.  
The high pitched moans of pleasure that the captive slave
  had been emitting, almost from the first thrust of the long, thick, rubber
  prick up his tight arsehole, became shrill shrieks of ecstasy when his orgasm
  began to envelop his senses. His cruel mistress, sensing that her slave was
  going over the edge, began raping his clenching arsehole with almost frightening
  speed, in her endeavour to propel him over the brink. Slave cocksucker tongued
  the pleasure filled slave's pulsing cock head with utter abandon, and his hands
  squeezed and tugged at his pounding cock stem as if to forcibly extract the
  scum from the bulging balls now so tight at its base.  
The audience were on the edges of their seats as they watched
  the depraved performance race towards its inevitable climax. They were being
  treated to an exquisitely obscene exhibition, and its effects on some of them
  were obvious. A few of the males had the heads of attending slaves buried in
  their groins, and were enjoying having their own throbbing penises sucked passionately.  
A piercing squeal of ecstasy heralded the climax of the
  captive slave. The rapt audience were treated to gloriously perverted spectacle
  of stream after stream of steaming, creamy juice erupting from the tip of the
  slave's madly jerking penis, and cascading over slave cocksucker's lewdly wriggling
  tongue on its unavoidable journey into the slave's wide open mouth. Cocksucker's
  throat could be seen to be avidly swallowing the spicy cream that jetted from
  the flared slit in the tip of the prick, and his long tongue teased the tip
  of the spewing cock lasciviously, all through the shattering climax. A quick
  glance at the slobbering slave's own bursting prick would have revealed that
  the cream that had been seeping from its swollen tip had become a small rivulet
  that dripped down the heavily veined achingly stiff stalk.  
The slave's climax seemed to last forever. Time seemed to
  stand still while his pulsating prick spasmed over and over, sending a veritable
  flood of white cream streaming into slave cocksucker's eager, rapidly gulping
  maw. Finally the strength of the climax began to ebb, and when it did slave
  cocksucker swallowed the entire length of the captive slave's still jerking
  prick deeply into his mouth, and used his thick, painted lips to squeeze the
  slightly softening tube in his eager endeavour to drain it of every last drop
  of its juices. He squeezed the slave's writhing balls tightly in one fist to
  squeeze every dreg of scum from them, to feed his voracious mouth. The mistress
  had, by this time ripped the dildo from her slave's slack arse ring, and had
  fed the soiled pole into his mouth for him to clean, to continuous applause
  from the assembled viewers.  
Slave cocksucker, reluctantly, allowed the limp tube of
  the sated slave's prick to flop out of his mouth, and was lasciviously using
  his tongue to wipe up the residue of cum from around his thick, scarlet painted
  lips when the mistress called upon him to release her own slave from his bondage.
  When this task had been successfully completed the mistress motioned to both
  slaves to kneel before her. She announced that the audience could decide whether
  slave cocksucker's performance had warranted him being granted the reward she
  had been offering. Needless to say, having just witnessed such a deliciously
  debauched and perverse performance, the gathering were almost unanimous in
  their support for even more of the same. I could see slave cocksucker shudder
  with pleasure when he heard the verdict. Not only had he fulfilled his duty,
  as a slave, which filled him with submissive happiness, but now he was not
  only going to be allowed to display his own servile submission, but also his
  wanton lust in public. Such delightful humiliation. Such luscious self degradation.
  I was sure that he would not be able to constrain his masochistic nature in
  choosing the means of his own orgasm, and I was right.  
&quot;How shall we have your pungent offal extracted then,
  slut?&quot; The haughty mistress inquired, leering down at the excited slave,
  noting with some pride, that her own slave's thick cock was already showing
  the obvious signs of revival, despite such recent excess. Slave cocksucker
  stared up at the commanding domatrix with a gleam of adoration shining in his
  heavily made up eyes, and pleaded in slavishly wielding tones, &quot;Magnificent
  Mistress!&quot; He cried, &quot;I beg you with all my heart to consent to whip
  the scum from my puny prick. In you infinite benevolence you have permitted
  me the exquisite pleasure of drinking from the cock of your chattel and now
  I implore you to punish my own slug savagely, until it spits its own vile dregs,
  to pay an appropriate price for such a glorious privilege!&quot; slave cocksucker's
  masochistic fervour was plain for all to see, and, of course, hear by this
  time, but still he had not completed his plea of self degradation, &quot;And
  please! Please! Please! Adored Mistress, while you cruelly whip my stunted
  prick allow me to express my gratitude to your own slut by burying my face
  between the well whipped cheeks of his arse, to joyfully kiss the slack ring
  of his skilfully reamed arse, and to adoringly tongue the depths of his gloriously
  fucked arse pit!&quot;  
Slave cocksucker's intensely perverted pleas drew a fresh
  round of approving applause from the audience which, in itself, ensured that
  the mistress was going to accede to his impassioned supplications. I glanced
  up at my Majesty and saw that she wore a look of self satisfied pride at the
  response of her male serf. She noticed me staring up at her with love and devotion
  shining in my eyes and smiled faintly while slipping a hand under her short
  scarlet leather skirt. My heart pounded with expectation while I watched the
  movement of her hand in her groin rippling the surface of the front of her
  tight skirt. At length she withdrew the hand and her fingers glistened with
  the juices of her succulent quim. My heart raced with excitement when, with
  a smile, she offered the glistening digits to my waiting mouth. I sighed with
  happiness when my soft, gentle tongue lapped at the long nailed fingers, and
  my taste buds thrilled to the piquant tang of her luscious sex.  
By the time I looked back to the stage area all was ready
  for the action to begin. Slave cocksucker had presented his big, stiff, throbbing
  prick for its punishment in the most defenceless fashion imaginable, given
  that he was not in any bondage what so ever. He had obviously approached the
  metal rod of the bondage table closest to the audience, and then manoeuvred
  his prick over it, with his thighs wedged up against it. Then he had leant
  down and forward at the same time. This had caused his stiff prick to arch
  up until its drooling head pointed straight up at the ceiling, with his enormously
  swollen balls bulging tightly at its base, and just peeping above the level
  of his muscular arse slabs. This position exposed the entire length of his
  throbbing cock to its punishment.  
The mistress' slave had edged his kneeling nudity, backwards,
  towards slave cocksucker's hanging head. Cocksucker used his hands to tear
  the whip welted arse mounds of the slave apart, and his submissive tongue was
  already lapping wetly over the stretched open pout of the other slave's slack,
  recently fucked arse pit. The mistress was walking around at the front of the
  small stage, swishing a particularly brutal looking wire whip back and forth.
  It had a single strand, perhaps an eight of an inch in diameter, and three
  to four feet long. The last twelve or so inches of the wire seemed to glisten
  in the light of the auditorium, like sandpaper. The wooden handle of the whip,
  held in the cruel mistress' hand was in the form of an erect penis, with a
  leather loop around her wrist to prevent it escaping her grasp when she swung
  it with any force. As soon as she had given the excited viewers a good long
  look at the inhuman weapon, she approached the rear of slave cocksucker, and
  contemplated the massive, heavily veined cock arching up from his contorted
  body so gorgeously vulnerable, and submissively offered for punishment.  
The unmerciful mistress grinned sadistically at her attentive
  fans, and then swung the vicious whip savagely at the defenceless prick. Slave
  cocksucker's wail of agony was barely muffled by the hot, moist flesh within
  the split open arse crevasse of the other slave as the brutal wire lash sliced
  into his throbbing cock meat. Cocksucker drilled the slave's open arse pit
  with his long tongue, as much to stifle his anguished squeals as to pleasure
  the slave while the wire laced his pain filled prick for the second time. After
  the third sadistically delivered stroke he wrenched his face from between the
  muscular male arse cheeks, and howled out to his cruel tormentor, &quot;Oh
  adored mistress! Thank you for punishing my perverse prick slug. But please!
  Please! Whip it harder! Whip it harder! I implore you!&quot; Then allowed his
  face to drop back down into the humid fleshy valley, his tongue sinking to
  its root up the slave's wet, slack arsehole.  
The mistress laughed, mockingly, at slave cocksucker's abject
  entreaty, but was, never the less, quick to acceded to his plea. Soon her vicious
  whip was lacing the standing pole of slave cocksucker's tortured prick relentlessly,
  from base to leaking tip. No part of the defenceless cock was spared the fall
  of the lash, and tiny droplets of crimson blood soon began to appear all over
  its sensitised skin. The punished slave's wails and squawks of agony, now clearly
  audible despite the muffling effect of the meat of his partners arse chasm,
  reverberated around the room, adding to the entertainment value of the obscene,
  perverse performance. His wounded cock seemed to grow larger, and throb more
  wildly with each savage lacing, until it was clearly poised to erupt in a climax
  of agony and ecstasy.  
The first massive spurt of thick white cream that erupted
  from the bleeding tip of slave cocksucker's cock shot at least six feet in
  the air above the slave's upturned arse slabs, to the rousing applause of the
  many onlookers, which almost drowned out the suffering slave's squeals of anguish,
  and sheer sexual ecstasy. The deliciously cruel mistress continued to lace
  the exploding prick with all her strength while it gushed out six or seven
  powerful streams of hot musky ball cream that splashed down onto slave cocksucker's
  writhing bottom cheeks. She only stopped when it was evident that the slave's
  prick had no more to give, and was beginning to wilt slightly. All through
  his shattering orgasm slave cocksucker had his lips glued to the mistress'
  slave's arse ring, with his tongue delving deeply into the pungent hole.  
When cocksucker came back to earth, his face slipped from
  between the other slave's sweating arse cheeks, and he allowed his body to
  collapse from the position he had held it in throughout the agonies of his
  perverse whipping. He knelt before his cruel tormentress and kissed her boots
  while sobbing out his thanks to her for treating him so cruelly. The mistress,
  however, was no longer interested in slave cocksucker and had motioned to her
  own slave to attend to her as they left the room. These two were almost immediately
  replaced by a master with a female slave in tow. Exhibitions of supreme debauchery
  took place in this room in the brothel almost continuously, twenty four hours
  a day, and as the preparations for the new performance began some of the audience
  had left to sample the other hedonistic delights of the brothel, while others
  entered to take their places.  
Majesty beckoned slave cocksucker over, noting the tears
  that trickled down his cheeks with sadistic contentment. When he arrived she
  prodded slave harlotta with her quirt, saying, &quot;Clean the cocksucker up,
  harlot, and then get his puny slug stiff again, Quickly, now, I want to deliver
  him to his place of duty for the maximum time before he is required to fulfil
  his purpose for tonight's visit.&quot; Slave harlotta scrambled around to her
  brother's rear and was soon busy lapping the ball cream from his smooth arse
  mounds. When she was sure that none of the musky sex cream remained she drew
  a deep breath and then swallowed the entire length of his limp prick down her
  throat. We watched while her clever, well trained mouth worked on the prick
  for a short while, seeing her cheeks bulge grotesquely as it stiffened and
  lengthened, filling her oral cavity completely, the clear result of her single
  minded efforts. When she finally, and I think, reluctantly relinquished it,
  it was again standing proud and erect between slave cocksucker's muscular thighs.
  I believe that despite her constant protestations to the contrary, slave harlotta
  adores sucking her brother's cock almost as much as she does my cunt.  
As soon as her task was completed we moved off to our next
  destinations. Slave cocksucker was dropped off first. He was placed in bondage
  in the designated cleaner's chair in the homosexual orgy room of the brothel.
  This meant that his body was rendered motionless in a low slung seat that left
  his face pointing upwards, at the height of a slightly crouching man's bottom.
  The slave's bondage was such that he could not move a muscle, and had to submissively
  accept whatever was presented to his mouth. Once he was fixed in place I noticed
  that his stiff prick had swelled even more as he contemplated his fate for
  he knew from experience that he was about to spend hour after hour cleaning
  cocks that had been used to ream out arseholes, and even more humiliatingly,
  slurping out arseholes sloppy from bouts of gang arse fucking. He would, no
  doubt, enjoy his time immensely.  
The rest of use moved off to the lesbian orgy room where
  slave harlotta and I were to serve. Majesty informed us that we were to perform
  together as a permanent exhibition, to excite the female patrons who would
  then either use other slaves, or each other to slake their lusts. Harlotta
  beamed at me in utter happiness at this prospect and, I must admit, that this
  type of service pleased me almost as much for, while I did not possess the
  same deep love for her that she did of me, I have always had a soft spot for
  her as being the first slave I was instrumental in recruiting to our Church.
  We crawled off to the small stage and were soon engaged in a bout of passionate
  lesbian love making.  
The other women in the room, a collection of clients and
  slave girls, engaged in a myriad of sexual acrobatics, soon noticed us, and
  began to gather around the stage to watch while harlotta and I gave ourselves
  up to wanton lust. We did everything to each other that it was possible for
  girls to do. We sucked each others tits, our hungry mouths sucked the juices
  from each others drooling cunts and chewed the buds of our clitorises to orgasm
  after orgasm. We reamed out each others arse pits with enormous dildos, and
  even with our fists. We grabbed the largest of the numerous dildos available
  and fucked each others spasming cunt pits with them until we were shaking with
  lust, and pungent woman cum poured from our climaxing twats. Despite the countless
  climaxes we extracted form each others writhing bodies we did not tire. We
  are consummate sexual animals, dedicated to lust and depravity completely.
  We can never get enough. Our lust and debauchery knows no limit. If it were
  possible for the human body to endure without rest then harlotta and I, when
  permitted to lose ourselves in wanton excess, would happily perform without
  let up for as long as we were allowed.  
By the time, some six hours later, the profane Majesty returned
  to collect us so that the real reason for this visit to the brothel could be
  undertaken, other women had joined us on the stage. Majesty stood at the door
  and watched, with a broad smile on her beautiful face. Harlotta and I were
  being subjected to the most complete sexual stimulation imaginable. After watching
  us perform together for so long without seeming to tire, a group of clients
  had decided to test our capacity to the extreme. Indeed, they had bet between
  themselves that we could be forced to beg for a stop to the action, to surrender
  to exhaustion, to climax so many times that we would be completely sated, and
  no longer be able to be excited to any further sexual release. The group had
  been engaged in testing their theory for three hours, non stop, before Majesty
  arrived. The sensuous tableau that met her gaze was only one of the many that
  had preceded it in that time, and harlotta and I still showed no signs of slowing
  down, mush to the surprise, and maybe even envy of the clients, not to mention
  the displeasure of those who had bet against our capacity to absorb.  
Harlotta and I seemed to be kneeling, on all fours, over
  a bed of naked female flesh. Hands mauled our hanging tits. Slave girl mouths
  suckled erotically, and incessantly on our stiff aching teats. Other slave
  girl mouths engulfed the stiff, throbbing stems of our circumcised clitorises,
  and sucked the pulsating stalks with wild passion, subjecting us to what can
  only be described as almost excruciating pleasure. A client knelt behind each
  of us, supporting her balance by grasping our widely spread bottom cheeks in
  her hands, and was fucking both our tight arse pits, and clasping pussy holes
  with huge double dildos. The huge, thick, rubber pricks plunged in and out
  of our pleasure soaked orifices with relentless rapidity, driving our lust
  crazed bodies to climax after climax. Each time our sopping cunt trenches surrendered
  a fresh deluge of spicy woman cream a slave girl's mouth was buried in our
  crotches, eager to slurp it up. Our own faces were buried between the soft
  fleshed cheeks of a female client's bottom, and our own avid tongues lapped
  at spicy arse ring, drooling pussy, and spiky, erect clitorises. In fact, we
  exhausted our female clients with our clever, superbly trained tongues in the
  time that we worked, rather than them driving us to a state of sensual fatigue.  
Much to the chagrin of those women who had gambled that
  harlotta and I could be sexually exhausted, my Majesty finally called a halt
  to the wanton orgy of lesbian excess, informing the disgruntled among the clients
  that our services were required else ware. We, somewhat reluctantly, disengaged
  our sweating bodies from the heap of female flesh and crawled over to our satanic
  Goddess. The flawless skin of our sexually vibrant bodies shone with the saliva
  of those who had used their mouths on us, but more frequently, with the sticky
  sap of female sexuality, our own, and that of the clients and slave girls we
  had caused to climax. Majesty stared down at our happy submissive forms with
  pride, delighting in our joy at our slut like behaviour. We looked like two
  lust crazed harlots, happy beyond imagination with our station in life, and
  our gorgeous bodies proudly displaying the evidence of our sexual depravity
  like badges of honour.  
On our way to the brothel's suck room, a room where poorer
  clients could get sexual relief from the mouth of a slave for a mere pittance
  in comparison to the costs involved in the rest of the sex emporium, we picked
  up slave cocksucker. The slave's face looked a mess, covered with slimy, pungent
  cock cream from chin to forehead. The profane Majesty grinned mockingly while
  she watched the servile slave lewdly try to clean his own face with his long
  tongue, then ordered his sister, harlotta to help him. We watched while her
  soft tongue busily washed the piquant juices from his features until his skin
  shone with her saliva, rather than the issue of spurting cocks. As soon as
  Majesty was satisfied with the job the submissive slave girl had done, we resumed
  our journey towards the suck room.  
When we entered the room Domatrix and Mistress were already
  waiting for us. Any slaves who may have been working there had already been
  cleared out, and all of the suck holes in the walls of the circular room were
  closed off. Just before we entered the room we noticed a large placard that
  announced that, from midnight precisely, until dawn, six hours later, a sole
  suck hole would be open, and that clients could have the scum sucked from their
  cocks for free for that entire time. This, of course, was designed to ensure
  that an endless stream of cocks would be available.  
The purpose of the collection formed part of the preparations
  for the performance of the Church of the Fallen Angels most diabolic ceremony,
  the Black Mass. The use of male sex cream was integral to the performance of
  that rite. Male sex juice was deemed to have the diabolic properties required
  for the blasphemous rite, it had to be collected in a precise fashion, dedicated
  to the satanic obscenity of the ritual. The ceremony itself had to be performed
  by a celebrant who was a slave of the Lord, but had previously been a practitioner
  of pious religion dedicated to christ. Slave cocksucker, a now defrocked catholic
  priest, was such a slave.  
For the cock cream to be imbued with the appropriate properties,
  it had to be collected in the following fashion:  
It had to be extracted from its
  source by the celebrant only. That is to say, it had to be sucked directly
  from pricks by slave cocksucker.  
It had to be collected in the
  presence of the other two principal figures in the performance of the ritual,
  the celebrant's attendant, in this case slave cocksucker's sister, and former
  nun, slave harlotta, and the human altar, me. When I say, in the presence of,
  I mean that the other two slave's must concentrate their minds completely on
  the actual act of extraction as a means of consecrating the juice in diabolic
  obscenity.  
The duty of the attendant, slave
  harlotta, was the transfer of the prick juice form slave cocksucker's mouth,
  to the satanic chalice, where it would be stored until the night of the rite.  
 The duty of
  the human altar was to assist the celebrant in each extraction by sucking the
  balls of the owners of the pricks he sucked. This was not, as you might imagine,
  to add to their pleasure, but to ensure that the clients climaxed as quickly
  as possible, so that as many cocks as possible could be drained in the available
  time.  
The submission of the members
  of the ritual was to be reinforced by having them held in total bondage for
  the entire time that the juices were being collected.  
During the last hour of the ritual
  collection period the celebrant, slave cocksucker, was to extract the cream
  from the pricks with his arsehole, to add to the depravity, and obscenity of
  the mixture. The attendant, slave harlotta, was, of course, still required
  to affect the transfer of these loads to the chalice with her mouth.  
Finally, in order for the collecting
  process to ultimately reflect the slave status of the collecting group, all
  three of us were to exist in a state of pain and suffering during the entire
  period. The three domatrixes were, of course, to ensure that this happened.  
The sexual liquids of males, collected in this way were
  imbued with satanic magic essential to the successful performance of the profane
  ceremony. We slaves had dedicated ourselves to the task with single minded
  devotion for weeks prior to the actual event. By the time we were all inside
  the circular suck room the level of sexual tension, not to mention the atmosphere
  of utter surrender and submission, was almost palpable.  
The bondage of slave cocksucker was undertaken first. His
  muscular body was laid out on a table that suited the length of his trunk exactly,
  and then he was securely strapped to it. The slave's legs were then pulled
  back along either side of his tied down trunk, and his ankles cuffed and anchored
  to the legs on the sides of the table. This caused the robust cheeks of his
  arse to spread wide, baring the tight put of his anal ring. His strongly erect
  cock lay on the smooth skin of his athletic looking belly, his fat, swollen
  balls tight at its thick base. A 'G' styled strap was then fixed, tightly to
  the base of his prick. This caused the heavy balls to be separated from the
  solid root of the stiff shaft of his acutely aroused prick. A cord was tied
  to a ring embedded in the leather of the 'G' strap, below the base of his balls.
  The other end of this cord was then tied to a horizontal stay at the base of
  the table, care being taken so that the cord did not, in any way, deny access
  to his anal ring. Once this had happened the slave's massive prick stood vertically
  upwards from his smoothly shaven crotch, and his balls stood straight out from
  the base of the erect organ.  
The slave's arms were then strapped to the front legs of
  the table. His head was bent downwards and held securely in place by means
  of a strap being placed around the top of his forehead. When the binding of
  the slave was completed he was unable to move a muscle. The height of the table
  was then adjusted so that slave cocksucker's mouth was level with the still
  closed suck hole in the wall of the room, and was pushed up to that hole, so
  that slave cocksucker's gaping mouth was a mere inch or so from the portal.
  One last preparation remained, an electric, automatic masturbator was wheeled
  into position behind cocksucker. The dildo attached to its pump arm had nothing
  to do with pleasure, however, it was a foot long, two inch diameter tube of
  solid black plastic, covered all over its surface with tiny, sharply honed
  plastic spikes. The thick blunt end of this evil instrument was pushed up against
  the pout of cocksucker's open arse pit, and allowed to remain there while we
  other slaves were attended to.  
Slave harlotta was readied first. Her lush nudity was rendered
  immobile by her arms and legs being encased in tightly laced binders that covered
  the shapely limbs entirely, bending them together, and then being tying each
  to the other. A large metal device was then screwed into the wall, adjacent
  to the suck hole, and quite close to it. Harlotta's body was then moved into
  position below this brace like thing. Its cruel purpose became apparent when
  the enormously powerful Mistress picked up the bizarrely bound body of slave
  harlotta and manoeuvred her around until her torso faced upwards beneath two
  wide rings that formed part of the apparatus. The pert Domatrix reached down,
  through these metal rings and hooked her fingers through harlotta's nipple
  rings. She then pulled the fleshy mounds of the slave's large tits up by the
  nipple rings while, at the same time, Mistress hefted her body so that the
  rings were able to be wedged up against her torso, at the bases of her large
  mounds.  
My ravishing Majesty then began to screw two cogs that formed
  part of each of the shiny metal rings. The purpose of this act soon became
  obvious. The diameters of the rings began to slowly shrink, squeezing into
  the meat of slave harlotta's big soft tits. As the size of the rings reduced
  so did the mounds of harlotta's udders begin to swell, and their sensitive
  skin begin to turn pink, the light blue veins beneath their pale skin showing
  more and more prominently. By the time Majesty was satisfied with her work
  harlotta's tits had swelled to massive size, and had become round and tight.
  The huge stiff teats capping each enormous mound had swelled grotesquely, and
  become almost blood red in colour.  
A shrill shriek of agony escaped from slave harlotta's gaping
  mouth when Mistress allowed her grip on the slave's body to relax, and the
  suffering slave's tormented tits supported her entire weight. The ache permeating
  the grotesquely swollen mounds must have been ferocious. I could see tears
  forming at the corners of the suspended slave's violet eyes, eyes that shone
  with submissive, masochistic joy. Slave harlotta literally adored having her
  beautiful tits subjected to torment, the more savage and brutal the more her
  yearning soul revelled in their suffering. The slave's squeals soon ebbed to
  mere whimpers of hurt as she became more and more accepting of her affliction,
  but her joyful acceptance of her cruel fate was not only evident in her shining
  eyes, but also from the seeping moisture that was clearly discernible along
  the whole length of the split between her plump, smooth cunt lips, not to mention
  the obvious erection of her bizarrely circumcised girl prick. In her position
  the suffering slave girl's mouth had free access to that of her brother, after
  all, this was the whole purpose of her positioning, allowing her to fulfil
  her purpose.  
While my Majesty, and the awe inspiring Mistress came around
  to the side of the bondage table holding slave cocksucker captive to where
  I knelt submissively, awaiting my own cruel fate, Domatrix placed the huge
  chalice beneath slave Harlotta's head. The chalice was constructed of a flat
  black metal, its interior surface of gleaming gold, and could hold up to two
  gallons of liquid. It would be filled to the brim with prick juice before the
  night was out.  
My glowing nudity was placed, face up, on a table similar
  to, but smaller than the one slave cocksucker was bound to, and securely tied
  to it until I too, could not move a muscle. My body was arranged so that my
  cunt was displayed obscenely, and rendered utterly vulnerable and defenceless.
  My thighs were separated so widely that the long, smooth, fat lips of my hairless
  pussy gaped lewdly, revealing in exquisite detail the red sopping meat of my
  sex split, the velvet edged opening to my hot, deep twat hole, the tiny orifice
  of my piss slit, and, of course, the erect, bare, standing stalk of my pulsating
  girl prick.  
My head was allowed full freedom of movement, and was positioned
  so that it hung below that of slave cocksucker. Thus we, the celebrants, had
  been prepared for our perverse task. Slaves in total bondage to reinforce their
  submission. Each of the domatrixes had armed herself with an inhumanly sadistic
  instrument of correction, and taken up positions before each of us. The powerful
  Mistress held a heavy leather cat and nine tails, and stood, tall and threateningly
  over slave harlotta's grotesquely swollen tits. The deliciously cruel Domatrix
  held a four foot long, three inch wide, and one inch thick tawse, and stood
  between my cruelly splayed thighs. The glorious Majesty had armed herself with
  a long, single stranded wire flail, and stood off to one side of slave cocksucker's
  captive groin.  
A barely discernible whirring sound signified that the motor
  that would drive the automatic masturbator had started up. This was immediately
  complimented by a low pitched moan emanating from slave cocksucker's gaping
  mouth. The machine relentlessly drove the cruel dildo into the wildly clenching
  cavity of the slave's tight arse pit, its forward setting such that it did
  not stop until all twelve evilly spiked inches of the torture cock had disappeared
  into that cavern. Once the pole had been completely buried up the straining
  arsehole of the pinioned slave, it automatically reversed its direction, and
  kept moving until the entire dildo popped free, then reversed again, and drove
  the cruel stalk back in.  
Mistress leaned forward, and slid open the slat that covered
  the indented suck hole to reveal a cavity about a foot in diameter right in
  front of slave cocksucker's trapped face. Almost before the slide had fully
  revealed the hole a large, semi erect, black cock was shoved through it by
  its obviously eager owner. The prick looked unwashed, and smelled the same,
  its spongy deep black head crusted with filth. Slave cocksucker, however, seemed
  un-phased by the reeking filth, and even purposely sniffed deeply at the hanging
  tube of flesh. A loud whistling sound came from our rear, cocksucker's mouth
  gaped, and his adam's apple jumped uncontrollably when that whistle ended in
  a low, but intense slapping noise. Even though I couldn't see it I knew that
  the pitiless Majesty had delivered her first stroke of the wire flail to the
  slave's defenceless prick, or perhaps his equally vulnerable balls. The slave
  whispered the profane, and obscene ritualistic prayer to the satanic Lord:  
&quot;Oh glorious Lord! I, your utter slave give thanks
  for the privilege of sucking a load of cock cream from this prick for you greater
  splendour! My abject surrender to your hellish radiance will be complete when
  this prick floods my mouth with the issue of its fat full balls!&quot;  
Cocksucker's long tongue then shot out of his mouth and
  laved wetly over the ripe plumb of the prick head, then furled around it, and
  drew it into the slave's eagerly waiting mouth. Once cocksucker had the cock
  knob in his mouth he used his thick, garishly painted lips to suck three of
  four inches of the prick into his maw, and was soon passionately sucking on
  it with all his well trained expertise.  
My own splayed open twat all of a sudden erupted in pain,
  to the accompanying sound of the tawse smashing into its tender meat. My mouth
  raised itself to the hanging balls of the male at the suck hole, and I was
  soon sucking the fat eggs with all my sensual lust. A whimper from slave harlotta,
  together with an unearthly grin splitting her beautiful face, heralded the
  first slashing stroke of the cat to the hugely swollen mounds of her aching
  tits. Within a couple of minutes the balls I sucked so licentiously began to
  flex in the warm confines of my mouth. The root of the prick in cocksucker's
  lewdly sucking maw expanded and contracted wildly, and I knew that streams
  of prick juice were splashing into the slave's avid mouth. He pursed his thick
  lips strongly while the sated prick was being withdrawn, making sure that he
  squeezed every last drop of spicy juice from it.  
As soon as the prick popped free harlotta glued her mouth
  to her brothers and sucked the fresh load of cum from his mouth into hers.
  She then, some what reluctantly I'm sure, allowed the creamy juice to drip
  from her mouth, down into the waiting chalice, using her tongue to ensure that
  it was all surrendered, whispering as she did so:  
&quot;Adored Lord of my being! I surrender this prick juice
  to you, and long to bury my face between you splendid bottom slabs and to worship
  at the altar of your incomparable arsehole!&quot;  
Even as she ended her depraved utterance slave cocksucker
  was whispering his entreaty to the next cock that had been thrust through the
  suck hole. He then sucked the erect prick deep into his mouth and sucked on
  it for all he was worth. We all went to work with a vengeance. Our domatrixes
  punished our flesh with a measured pace, not only to eke out our suffering,
  but also to ensure that they did not tire form over exhaustion before the ritual
  extractions were completed. The wire flail, so brutally wielded by the profane
  Majesty, sliced up and down the entire length of cocksucker's pain filled prick.
  The heavy cat thrashed the mounds of slave harlotta's ferociously suffering
  tits without mercy. The tawse pulverised the agony soaked split of my spread
  pussy with unrelenting savagery.  
On and on it went. We suffered with joyful acceptance, while
  the juices were sucked from countless cocks, transferred from cocksucker to
  harlotta, and then surrendered to the chalice. Pricks of all shapes and sizes
  disappeared into slave cocksucker's seemingly insatiable maw, to be emptied
  of the juices that boiled in the balls that I mouthed with equal erotic enthusiasm.
  The cruel whips lashed our tormented sex meat with a paced relentlessness that
  defied imagination. The slight pause in proceedings after five hours of continuous
  suffering, and sexual servitude, hardly even came as a relief to we slaves,
  such was our single minded concentration on our obscene task.  
The suck hole slide was closed and the bondage table capturing
  slave cocksucker was quickly pulled away, then reversed, and pushed back up
  to the hole so that his widely splayed arse slabs were positioned adjacent
  to it, with his now open and slack arsehole gaping in its centre, clear evidence
  that the cruel dildo that had been raping him so brutally had done its job.
  The slide was immediately re-opened and, without delay a long stiff cock was
  thrust straight up slave cocksucker's distended arsehole and began to rape
  that humid, aching chute with frightening rapidity.  
My mouth, of course, no longer had a task to perform. I
  would have had little chance of successfully sucking the swinging balls attached
  to the pricks that violated slave cocksucker's welcoming arse pit. To ensure
  that the nature of the collection would not be too compromised in terms of
  submissive atmosphere, Domatrix dragged my bondage table around, and quickly
  positioned the automatic masturbator between my spread thighs. Soon the cruelly
  spiked dildo was plunging painfully back and forth up my own tight pain filled
  arse crater, and the unmerciful scourging of my open sex trench recommenced
  with the same savage ferocity.  
Each time a cock spurted its creamy issue deep into the
  hot cavern of slave cocksucker's arse his bondage table was yanked back a few
  inches. This allowed the suffering slave harlotta access to the drooling arse
  ring of her brother, and she quickly, and dutifully glued her garishly painted
  lips to the hole and sucked for the load of cum that had been deposited there.
  When she had fully emptied the arsehole of its pungent load she allowed the
  fluid to pour from her mouth into the rapidly filling chalice.  
Over the next hour another forty or so cocks ploughed up
  into cocksucker's straining arse pit to experience its clever, wanton talents
  until the pleasure became to much, and they erupted in orgasm, and flooded
  the churning chute with their spicy issue. Harlotta dutifully sucked the cum
  out of the sloppy hole after each climax, and added it to the collection in
  the chalice. All the time we slaves continued to be punished for our efforts,
  until a numbness in our tortured flesh almost robbed us of the benefit.  
I have to say it was of some relief to me, and I suspect
  my two fellow sufferers, when the suck hole slide was finally closed for the
  last time. We slaves were quickly freed from our stringent bondage, and collapsed
  in heaps on the floor of the suck room from sheer exhaustion. Slave cocksucker's
  still stiff prick was grotesquely swollen and covered with weals and cuts,
  a result of the slicing of the wire whip. His enormously swollen balls were
  bruised and battered, and obviously bursting with sap. Harlotta's poor tits
  were covered with welts and abrasions, and had obviously suffered terribly.
  The voluptuous masochist was no doubt immensely pleased with her fate, and
  nursed her tormented mounds in her arms, bouncing them around to return normal
  circulation of blood through them.  
I gazed down at the raw wound of my brutally tawsed pussy,
  my own mind still buzzing with servile ecstasy, and marvelled at the quantity
  of juice that had been whipped from its drenched meat. The soft insides of
  my full thighs were glistening with pussy juice almost down to my knees, and
  the lacy tops of my silken stocking were wringing wet. The profane Majesty
  ordered slave cocksucker to kneel before the chalice. As soon as the exhausted
  male had clambered into the required position, and his huge erection arched
  out over the brimming bowl she commanded his sister to suck him off, and add
  his ball cream to the mixture.  
Slave harlotta crawled over to her brother and dove down
  on his aching prick with her eager mouth. The consummate harlot swallowed the
  enormous erection, up to its thick root, in one long plunge. I watched, fascinated
  while her rudely invaded throat contracted around the throbbing pole of wanton
  lust, and she began to suck it as though it were the tastiest thing she had
  ever had in her avid mouth. The clever whore soon had her brother's thighs
  quivering with lust, and his flat muscular belly trembling with peaking arousal.
  The base of the slave's pulsating stem seemed to thicken impossibly just before
  his orgasm swept over him. Harlotta was careful to relinquish most of the slave's
  stalk just before he came, and captured the flood of sex solution that exploded
  from it tip in her waiting mouth. Cocksucker seemed to come for hours, gasping
  with sexual delight with each mighty eruption. Harlotta's cheeks ballooned
  with the sheer quantity of cream he shed, but not a drop of the musky fluid
  escaped from her lips.  
Eventually slave cocksucker's shattering orgasm had run
  its tempestuous course, and he withdrew a slightly less hard bar of prick from
  his lover's grasping lips. Harlotta, some what reluctantly, allowed the enormous
  mouthful of rich, lush semen to flow from her mouth into the full chalice,
  using her agile tongue to clean the inside of her mouth. As soon as Mistress
  was satisfied that slave harlotta had no more sex juice to surrender she capped
  the chalice with an airtight lid, to preserve the full moist texture of the
  chalice's contents.  
Leashes were then attached to our nose rings by the domatrixes,
  and we were led, crawling behind them, from the suck room.  
All of us were, by this time, extremely tired. We slaves
  had been hard at it for twelve consecutive hours, and the domatrixes too had
  not been idle, even when we had been used for services other than the collection,
  I was sure. So we all went back down into the bowels of the building to the
  car park. The chauffer was summoned, and we were soon on our way back to the
  secluded residence of the satanic Majesty. Before we were finally allowed to
  retire Majesty reminded us all that our period of sensual abstinence was now
  under way, and would last for the full seven days until the day of the sacrilegious
  ceremony.  
If we slaves expected that we would merely be denied sexual
  solace, not to mention punishment for that period only, we were soon to be
  disavowed of that presumption in the most frustrating, and deliciously cruel
  fashion. As soon as we were fed after waking on each of the seven days leading
  up to the ceremony we were taken in hand by a group of slaves brought in expressly
  for the week. Three slaves were assigned to each of us. Given the nature of
  their tasks their sexes did not really matter. But, never the less, the slaves
  chosen to attend to slave cocksucker were all young males, so obviously homosexual
  in their sexual orientation. All six slave attending to harlotta and I were
  female.  
We slaves were soon bound into star formation in the chapel
  in upright bondage frames, facing the altar. The effigy of the Lord Beelzebub,
  the primary object of worship, was covered with a black velvet shroud at this
  time, and in its place was the blasphemous icon, the second most important
  graven image used in worship within the Church of the Fallen Angels. The blasphemous
  icon consisted of a christ crucified upside down and paying humiliating homage
  to our profane Lord. The cross was made of wood, and the christ and Satan figures
  of metal. While the christ figure was upside down, the cross wasn't. Rather
  the crucifixion depicted his feet being nailed to the extremities of the cross
  beam, and his hands straight down on the upright.  
No loin cloth modestly covered this christ's loins, his
  figure was completely nude. A long, thick, metal prick, in obvious erection
  arched down from his lewdly splayed thighs. At the base of the cross the Lord
  Satan stood, legs spread and trunk leaning forward, and backed up to the hanging
  head of the christ. His demonic features wore a leering grin of utter triumph,
  and the twin penises sprouting from his groin were shown in mighty erection.
  The christ's head craned forward towards the Lord's spread arse cheeks, his
  tiny metal tongue spearing the ring of the Lord's anus in a display of humiliated
  submission. In the eerie light of the chapel the figures making up the icon
  seemed to almost move. The prick sprouting from the christ's crotch seemed
  to throb, and his tiny metal tongue appeared to wriggle obscenely in the anus
  of the Lord.  
Worshipping before this particular icon had always filled
  the slaves harlotta and cocksucker with particular satisfaction, tinged with
  terror, given their previous religious orientation. To me, however, it portrayed
  our Lord's magnificent ascendancy in the order of things in an entirely appropriate
  fashion. We had spent many hours engaging in unspeakable acts of depravity
  before this particular icon, in celebration of the state of surrender it always
  engendered in our hearts and souls.  
However, back to the matters in hand. Once our naked slave
  bodies had been tightly bound to the bondage racks the slaves attending us
  went to work. It was their task to stimulate us sexually, and then to maintain
  our arousal to the most ecstatic level imaginable for hour after hour, but
  never, ever allow us to experience any form of relief of that indescribable
  tension what so ever. It took almost no time at all for the slave girls working
  on me to achieve their initial goal. They used only the very tips of their
  lascivious tongues to titillate my teats until they stiffened and tingled with
  pleasure. They transferred their attentions to my pussy and soon had it drooling
  with juice, and my bare clitoris bulging and throbbing with arousal as its
  steel hard length was teased by insistent tongues. A tongue even stimulated
  the ring of my arsehole to add to the intensity of the overall stimulation
  of my suspended nudity.  
Other slaves treated harlotta to similar sensuous torment
  until her hanging nudity trembled with wanton lust. Knowing male tongue tips
  had soon teased cocksucker's mighty prick to pounding erection. It always amused
  me how quickly cocksucker's body betrayed him when he was with other males.
  Despite his protestations about his heterosexual nature I am sure that his
  cock reacts to the attentions of males much more quickly than it does when
  subjected to similar stimulation by females. Perhaps he has been transformed
  into a true bisexual by his submission and subsequent training, but I still
  maintain that he would much rather suck off a cock than a pussy.  
Once the attending slaves had our bodies suspended in a
  state of exquisite sexual stimulation it became a balancing act for them to
  maintain us at this level of intensity, without nudging us over that strictly
  prohibited edge that heralded gratification. They alternated between direct
  stimulation with their clever tongues, and visual stimulation. Slave girls
  would lay before us and perform all sorts of sexual gymnastics for our pleasure,
  erotically sucking teats and caressing firm, bulging tits, lasciviously sucking
  each other's pussies, lecherously fucking each other with big dildos in both
  cunt and arse holes, and unlike us, exploding with orgasm after orgasm.  
The gay males working on slave cocksucker kept him acutely
  aroused by teasing him with lewd displays of their young, stiff pricks. Every
  now and then one of them would dive down and engulf his colleague's cock into
  his hot mouth, and suck it until it spurted its cream down his throat. On other
  occasions one of them would drive his long prick deeply into the welcoming
  arsehole of another, and pump it until it shot its load into that hot humid
  cavern. They taunted the lust crazed slave with the lascivious spectacles of
  pale, creamy cum being transferred lecherously from mouth to mouth, before
  being swallowed by one of them with a display of contented satisfaction. At
  odd times, and especially if they thought that slave cocksucker's arousal might
  be waning, one of them would lift another on to his shoulders and they would
  then approach the captive slave. This allowed the one being carried to lewdly
  wave his stiff young cock closely in slave cocksucker's face, allowing him
  to smell the pungent aromas of aroused male sexuality and even, on a rare occasion
  to allow cocksucker's wildly straining tongue tip to touch the tip of the waving
  prick, but never letting that lewd contact become too solid, or long lasting.  
I can tell you that the group of slaves were certainly adept
  at their perverted task. We were kept aroused to levels of sexual yearning
  that are indescribable, for every single waking hour for the full seven days.
  By the time the day of the Black Mass finally arrived my own body, and I'm
  sure those of my partners in submission, was in such a state that the merest
  disturbance of the air around it caused me the most excruciating sensations
  of sexual ecstasy. My mind was utterly concentrated on my lust and debauchery.
  The heat emanating from my skin was palpable, and I emitted a sexual aura that
  was close to being discernible visually. I am sure that both harlotta and cocksucker
  had reacted in exactly the same manner after their own prolonged sensual torture,
  and were as acutely focused on lust and depravity as I.  
A new group of slaves, these clad in pastel pink robes that
  covered their bodies completely, took charge of us for our final preparations
  for the Black Mass. They arrived in the early evening, and immediately went
  to work. Not all that much was actually done to me. The rings in my pussy were
  removed, my face was made up in garish punk style. The preparations of the
  celebrant slaves, however, were much more intricate, and complicated, in keeping
  with requirements during their activities throughout the profane rite. Slave
  harlotta was attended to first.  
Slave harlotta, as the celebrant's attendant for the supremely
  obscene ritual, really had very little to do in terms of giving actual assistance
  to the celebrant. Her sole purpose was to provide the aura of utter sexual
  degeneracy. She was to achieve this by having continuos, and multiple orgasms
  throughout the entire duration of the ceremony. The preparation of her body
  was designed exclusively to promote her capacity to achieve this purpose. To
  begin with the attending slaves sheathed her long, shapely legs in fine latex
  stockings, jet black in colour. A small half corset of similar, but strongly
  reinforced rubber material was laced around her waist so tightly that it constricted
  her belly, and forced a surfeit of blood to swell her sex mound, and increase
  its sensitivity profoundly. Black patent leather, ultra high heeled shoes were
  strapped to her feet.  
Next a full length robe of fine latex, also jet black was
  worked over he body. The skirt of the robe consisted of two foot wide drapes
  that fell from the slave's hips to her ankles leaving her body bare from the
  waist down, both front and back. Quite large, elasticised holes in the top
  of the robe were evident adjacent to her bulging tits. Two of the slave attendants
  used their fingers to stretch these holes open wide, while a third reached
  inside and pulled each massive, fleshy, shapely mound through. They ten took
  care to ensure that the sides of each of the holes were positioned flush with
  harlotta's torso, and at the very bases of her tit mounds. When the sides of
  the holes were released they contracted firmly around the tit bases. The quite
  severe constriction was not intended to hurt the slave, but rather to ensure
  that her gorgeous tits bulged and swelled, and jutted out firmly from her chest,
  rather than drooping down as they normally did. The other obvious reaction
  to the squeezing of the bases of her udders was that harlotta's big teats also
  swelled and stiffened.  
The nipple rings that adorned slave harlotta's teats were
  then removed. Next the slaves attended to harlotta's arms. They were freed
  from the cuffs that had held her wrists above her head and drawn back behind
  her, encased in a full arm binder that was bent at the elbows so that her wrists
  could be clipped to the rear of her slave collar. A piece of rubber was then
  drawn around her arms, at the elbows, and tied up so tightly that her elbows
  touched in the centre of her back. This of course, meant that her already bulging
  tits were thrust out even more graphically, and contrasted vividly with the
  black surface of the robe. Slave harlotta's legs were then drawn widely apart,
  and a ends of a three foot long spreader bar was cuffed tightly to them, just
  above her knees.  
One of the female slaves then set about making up harlotta's
  beautiful face in the most bizarre fashion. Her eyelids were painted silvery
  black, and her cheeks rouged garishly. Finally her full lips were richly coated
  with a special, jet black gloss. This gloss had been manufactured using a concentrated
  mixture of cunt juice and cock cream and, when moistened, like with the tip
  of a tongue, the gloss released, copiously, both the pungent aromas, and the
  rich, spicy flavours of its ingredients. Slave harlotta's entire body was then
  sprayed with a perfume with similar aromatic qualities, until her body smelled
  like a brothel at the end of an all night orgy. It was clear to see that she
  adored her new body odour, that of sexual lust and wanton depravity, immensely,
  as evidenced by the quick, liquid flicking of her tongue over her richly coated
  lips which, of course, served to release a particularly pungent cloud of aroma
  immediately beneath her twitching nostrils, not to mention a secretion that
  immediately flooded her highly tuned taste buds with the flavour of raw sex.  
One of the slave girls then tweaked the bare spike of harlotta's
  clitoris until the girl prick was fully erect. The little female cock was then
  clamped at its base, not to cause the slave any undue discomfort, but rather
  to ensure that her woman cock would always remain stiff. Two cone like objects
  were then carefully glued to slave harlotta's tits, so that each engulfed one
  of her stiff teats. The cones were made of clear plastic, and when attached
  to her tits were barely discernible, especially from a distance. In the centre
  of each cone, also made of a transparent material, were tiny clusters of feather
  like tendrils. At the moment these rested against the rubbery meat of the teats.
  At the apex of each of the cones was a solid block of plastic, coated with
  a reflective substance that gave it the appearance of not actually being there.
  At the very top of each of these blocks a tiny red light glowed, indicating
  the presence of a remote control.  
Next a rod was fixed to the centre of the spreader bar keeping
  slave harlotta's long legs well separated. The bottom of the bar was equipped
  with a large black metal box from which another remote control light glowed
  softly. Attached to the other end of the bar were two long, thick dildos shaped
  exactly like erect pricks, but constructed of transparent glass, and what appeared
  to be a length of latex rubber tubing. An attending slave leant down to harlotta's
  crotch and carefully introduced three inches of one of the dildos into both
  her tight, clasping arsehole and her silky cunt pit, to the accompanying moans
  of pleasure from the suspended slave whose every sense was now so acutely attuned
  to carnal craving. The last act in the preparation of slave harlotta involved
  one of the attendants carefully placing one end of the latex tube I mentioned
  earlier over the length of her taut girl prick stalk, and meticulously gluing
  it to the clamp around the base of that stiff little pole of lust.  
When the attending slaves had finished, and stepped back
  to inspect their work, they gazed upon a creature that had been transformed
  into a lust crazed animal, existing solely for the purpose of sexual depravity.
  She smelt like a brothel at the height of an orgy, and looked like a harlot
  bent on having her body driven mad with sexual excess, all of which was true,
  of course. Slave harlotta could not stop the leering smile of absolute sexual
  depravity from beaming out from her lovely features. She was in hedonistic
  paradise, and loving every minute of it.  
With slave harlotta attended to, the group of slaves turned
  their attentions to slave cocksucker, the celebrant. His body was adorned identically
  to that of his sister. There were some exception, of course. There were no
  holes in the torso of his robe for tits to erotically protrude from, and his
  arms were left free. His face was made up, and his body perfumed with the same
  cosmetics so that he too, smelt like a well used harlot. The rod attached to
  the centre of his leg spreader only supported one glass dildo, naturally, and
  three inches of this glass prick was driven into his tight arse pit. Cocksucker's
  big stiff prick was clamped at its broad base, not in a manner that would deny
  his prick the ability to shed its juices, but to guarantee it retained its
  erection, and its length, right up to, but not including its fat spongy head
  was wrapped in a clear latex tube that fitted it snugly, but not tightly. The
  difference between this tube, and the one encasing slave harlotta's girl cock
  was that it appeared to be ribbed at regular intervals along its length.  
A strange looking object was then fastened to cocksucker's
  stiff prick. First, nine inches of thin hollow plastic tubing was thrust into
  his prick slit, and driven into his cock stem until a spherical bulb situated
  mid way up the length of the tube met the cock head. The open base of this
  sphere was the carefully tightened around the base the pick knob so that the
  fleshy lump was enclosed in the centre of the sphere. Clear latex feathery
  tendrils, similar to those in harlotta's teat cones, rested all around the
  meaty knob. The clear plastic tube sprouted out from the top of this sphere
  and then bent forward, like the spout of a pump, ending a foot or so in front
  of slave cocksucker's belly.  
Cocksucker's massively swollen balls were then enclosed
  in a much larger transparent sphere, similarly equipped with a myriad of longer,
  but equally soft tendrils, and its opening shut tightly at the base of those
  sap filled orbs. Thus slave cocksucker, the ritual celebrant, joined his sister
  in the guise of an utterly depraved sexual beast revelling in his own perverted
  nature.  
It then fell to the attending slaves to put us in our positions
  for the ceremony. Once again I was attended to first. My nude body was lifted
  up and laid out on the black marble stone altar so that my head was poised
  immediately under the groin of the black marble effigy of the Lord Beelzebub.
  My arms, torso both above and below my bulging tits, and the base of my belly,
  just above my swollen mound were then tightly strapped to the cool stone altar.
  My legs were then drawn back along the sides of my trunk and strapped in place.
  This resulted in my crotch being splayed wide open, and, of course, the cheeks
  of my arse to separate baring my tight, ridged arse ring. Two black metal arms,
  one on either side of me, and adjacent to my obscenely exposed crotch were
  then draw into my groin. Vicious spiked clamps, shaped like office bulldog
  clamps, but with jaws that exactly fitted the length of my plump pussy lips
  were then positioned over each of those lips, but not snapped shut. When in
  place each clamp securely held the entire length of a cunt lip in its potentially
  cruel embrace.  
A screw clamp was then worked down the length of my bare
  stiff girl cock and tightened quite cruelly at its base. While this hurt me
  a little it was not acute pain, but caused the stalk of my woman cock to swell
  and bulge obscenely. A weird cage like object then descended from above until
  my woman cock was enclosed in its centre. A multitude of barely visible wires
  hung from a tiny spindle at the apex of this cage being of varying lengths,
  and each one tipped with a tiny glass like rock with extremely sharp edges.
  These little rocks brushed up against the sensitised meat of my aching woman
  prick and the hurt they caused by merely touching against it was quite severe
  such was the effect of the clamp on the sensitivity of my aching little stalk.  
Similar, but much larger cages descended over my up jutting
  tits, not stopping their downward journey until the largest metal ring that
  formed their bases was pressed flush against my chest. Three more rings were
  spaced evenly up my tit meat, and all fitted quite snugly. From the sensations
  on my udder skin immediately under each of the rings I could tell that they
  were lined with tiny sharp spikes. At the apex of each of these cages hung
  three wires, each tipped with similar rock like objects, with sharp edges,
  to the ones hanging from the cage enclosing my girl prick, only these were
  much larger. Once all the cages were in place over the most sensitive parts
  of my strapped down body my preparations were complete. I could only lay there
  and imagine the agonies soon to be inflicted on me.  
Slave cocksucker was moved into position next, and stood,
  precariously, on his high heels with the spreader opening his muscular legs
  so wide, before my spayed open crotch. Slave harlotta was then moved into her
  position. When the slaves had finished she was kneeling directly behind cocksucker
  on a slave mat with turned up edges, almost like a shallow trough. The huge
  chalice, still firmly capped was placed to cocksucker's right on the altar,
  and a small platter, shaped like a spread open cunt, and another much smaller
  chalice, and shaped like an erect prick was placed on his left side. The platter
  was heaped with snow white communion hosts, and the chalice filled with sacrificial
  wine. This completed all preparations, except the positioning of the Lord Beelzebub's
  slut. The ritual of the breaking of the Lord's slut, undertaken in conjunction
  with the obtaining of the consecrated hosts and wine, is a story in itself.  
Harlotta, and I knew this ceremony well, having been part
  of it the last time it was undertaken. The Lord's slut had to be a freshly
  violated virgin, only just broken as a Church slave. The virgin had to have
  been a devout catholic prior to her submission, and her violation was undertaken
  as part of the ceremony of the obtaining of the sworn enemy's body and blood.
  The profane Majesty had related the tale of the taking of the virgin to us
  a few days earlier. The girl had only just taken her vows as a nun, but out
  spies had sought her out, ascertaining that she was of masochistic nature.
  The thin line between saintly virtue, and depraved perversity in her young
  mind was deemed to bend towards the latter, even though the girl did not know
  it consciously. A spy had reported that the girl experienced sexual orgasms,
  again hardly realising so herself, whenever she read of the torture and suffering
  of the saintly martyrs. And she apparently could not read such accounts often
  enough.  
The young nun was abducted by agents of the Church of the
  Fallen Angels two weeks prior to the night of the Black Mass. She was kept
  in solitary confinement for the first week to weaken her resolve, and to raise
  her fears. All through this time she was conditioned mentally, through a specialised
  form of hypnotism, to the fate that was to befall her. A life of unrelenting
  sexual depravity, in tune with her already sensual subconscious, and immaculate
  suffering, in line with her more than latent masochism. It was important that
  the Lord's slut surrendered to her fate, in the presence of the consecrated
  sacrifices of her previous allegiance, to the success of the ceremony.  
On the same night of the collection at the brothel, the
  ceremony of the abduction of the body and blood of the reviled christ also
  took place, in conjunction with the breaking of the Lord Beelzebub's slut.
  A group of Church followers broke into a catholic cathedral, dragging the gagged
  nun, still dressed in her religious habit with them. Once inside the church
  doors were securely bared, to prevent disturbance and the group moved up to
  the ornate altar. The small doors of the temple on it, that housed the hosts
  and wine, know to have been concentrated, were prised open, and the hosts placed
  on the cunt platter, and the wine poured into the stiff prick chalice.  
The struggling nun was then stripped nude and bodily lifted
  onto the altar, covered, as it was, with its pristine, white, altar cloth,
  and forced into position on all fours. Her arms and legs were held in place
  by four muscular male slaves, one to each arm, and one to each leg. Two slave
  girls stripped off their own flowing robes and mounted the altar to kneel on
  either side of the sobbing nun. They immediately began to lasciviously play
  with the girl's softly drooping tits, caressing the surprisingly large mounds,
  and teasing the stiffening teats with their clever tongues. A third slave girl,
  after also rendering her lovely body naked, mounted the altar and knelt behind
  the nude nun, beginning to suck her virgin cunt with all her debauched expertise.  
The gag used to silence the captive nun was shaped like
  a cock, and its hollowed out centre had been filled with a cunt juice, cock
  cream mixture. When the terrorised girl surrendered to her dark, depraved nature
  and sucked on the gag she like the harlot she yearned to be, would be rewarded
  with a flood of the ripe, spicy sex cream. A small light on the end of the
  gag that protruded from her widely ovalled lips was illuminated whenever she
  sucked the prick buried in her mouth, thus alerting the watchers to her erotic
  submission. Two priests of the Church of the Fallen Angels, who had been charged
  with the supervision of the breaking of the nun, then stripped off and mounted
  the altar. Both were black, and possessed penises of truly magnificent proportions.
  One knelt before the face of the nun and waved his magnificent sex in front
  of her fevered eyes. The other moved to her rear and his equally marvellous
  penis arched out towards her cunt.  
The ritual breaking then proceeded. The slave girls stimulated
  the nude nun incessantly, until her firmly restrained body was literally shaking
  with lustful arousal. The one who had been working so erotically on her cunt
  lowered her mouth slightly, and began to concentrate the efforts of her lecherous
  tongue solely on the girl's stiff, throbbing little girl prick. This allowed
  the priest kneeling behind the nun to press the head of his magnificent penis
  into the tight virginal mouth of her cunt, and to hold it there leaving the
  vainly struggling nun in no doubt as to what the insistent nudging of the hot,
  spongy knob against her dripping cunt mouth meant. Within seconds of this development
  the light on the gag signalled that the lust crazed nun was sucking on the
  dildo gag, and her gulping throat showed clearly that she was avidly swallowing
  the spicy mixture it surrendered.  
This small display of surrender was a signal for the priest
  squatting before her face to extract the gag from her mouth, and then to give
  her a tantalising option which, when accepted would demonstrate her further
  submission to delicious depravity: &quot;You will only be permitted to suck
  on this.&quot; He said, waving his massive black penis before the whimpering
  girl's wide, shocked eyes while he spoke, &quot;Only when you offer your total
  surrender to us by spearing you virgin cunt pit on the glorious cock being
  so graciously offered to it by priest of our Lord Beelzebub!&quot; The anguished
  young nun sobbed and shook her head wildly in the negatively the first time
  she was asked to submit. The gag was immediately driven back into her gaping
  mouth, and the slave girl's went back to work, stimulating the core of her
  sexuality to the point of climax, but never quite allowing her solace.  
The second and third times the question was asked the same
  result was achieved, but on each occasion the nun had to fight harder to deny
  her shuddering nudity what she now yearned for with all of her heart and soul.
  Her acutely aroused nudity shook with lust, and her hind quarters had begun
  to roll and shimmy as she yielded control of her senses to sheer eroticism.
  On the fourth occasion that she commenced to suck hard on the dildo gag they
  were sure that she was ready to surrender to her lust, and they were right.
  After the gag had been removed, and the question again asked, the sex crazed
  girl craned her head forward and tentatively licked at the fat, swollen head
  of the penis waving so lewdly before her face.  
The pulsing organ was quickly moved out of range of the
  girl's full lips and vainly slobbering tongue, and the price she had to pay
  to be permitted to worship the mighty penis was repeated by the huge priest,
  with a leering, mocking grin. To the surprise, and delight of the priest the
  whimpers stopped and the lust crazed nun's face was split with a broad, lascivious
  grin that transformed her features from the pure, innocent to the utterly depraved
  in the blinking of an eye. She wriggled her crotch, testing the lodgment of
  the cock head in her hairy sex split and then, with a squeal, laced with both
  delight and pain, drove her rolling hips back with all the force she could
  must. The mighty penis of the priest shredded the gasping nun's maidenhead
  with consummate ease, and the blood of her ruptured hymen dripped down onto
  the white cloth between her knees, to join the sticky mess of cunt cream that
  had already marred its pristine cleanliness.  
The nun drove her hips back until her bulging arse cheeks
  were pressed into the groin of the priest, and his enormous penis was buried
  up her tight virginal cunt tube to the hilt. The priest then grasped the girl's
  hips in his huge paws, not so much to deny her the ability to expel his penis
  from her madly convulsing cunt, but rather to allow her to savour the stunningly
  erotic cramming sensations that radiated throughout her trembling nudity from
  the juicy depths of her stretched open pussy pit. The priest at her head had
  moved his own hips forward, bringing his throbbing erection back into range
  of the lust crazed nun's eager mouth as soon as she had speared her drooling
  cunt on the penis of his colleague. As soon as the priest did this the impatient
  girl reached up with one hand, now released by the slave who had been restraining
  her, and grasped the thick penis at its base. She opened her salivating mouth
  wide and, miraculously, swallowed the entire , throbbing length of the penis
  down her throat in one enormous gulp.  
She sucked the huge penis with an amateurish erotic eagerness
  that soon had it pulsating with pleasure, and jerking wildly in her mouth.
  The priest made no effort to hold back his release, his penis was soon to be
  required again, in the further violation of the virgin, so soon his hot, creamy
  juices were pouring down the impassioned girl's avidly gulping gullet. The
  priest fucking her had taken over all movement at her rear, holding her churning
  hips steady as he could while he drove his magnificent penis in and out of
  her bleeding gash with reckless abandon. The priest who had just been sucked
  off dragged one of the slave girls who had been stimulating the nun's tits
  around, and fed the lust deranged nun's now impassioned mouth that slave's
  smooth, dripping, twat gash. The nun's eager tongue ploughed into the swampy
  sex split as if she were born to slurp hot twat, and she sucked the cunt like
  a possessed slut, which, of course, she now was. This priest then fed his wilted
  penis into the submissive mouth of one of the male slaves who had, up until
  then, been responsible for restraining the nun, and allowed the servile male
  to lovingly suck it back into a state of pounding erection.  
Soon the penis so completely violating the virgin nun's
  ravaged cunt tube erupted in that churning sleave, and bathed it's silky, writhing
  walls with a deluge of warm testicle juice. When the sweat soaked man finally
  withdrew his sated penis one slave girls immediately engulfed its softening
  length in her warm, wet mouth and sucked it, passionately, for all she was
  worth, while, at the same time, cleansing it of the virgin's blood, and the
  sticky juice of her despoiled pussy pit. Another slave girl glued her mouth
  to the nun's ravaged cunt and sucked for the man cum that flooded it so profusely.  
By this time the first priest's mighty penis was again rigid
  and throbbing, the result of the erotic attentions of the slave girl's talented
  tongue. He moved to the rear of the kneeling nun, shoved the slave who had
  been busily emptying her cunt hole aside, and grabbed her swinging arse cheeks
  to still them. The out of control girl, thinking that her cunt was about to
  be shafted again, tried to undulate her plump arse mounds in lascivious invitation,
  but the priest retained his firm hold on the shapely, slick skinned masses.
  He then rudely tore the cheeks apart, and brutally drove his huge, erect penis
  up the girl's incredibly tight, virginal arsehole, right to the hilt, in one
  mighty stroke.  
The nun's mouth gaped open in pure shock against the sopping
  cunt she had been so eagerly, and lasciviously sucking. A shrill squeal of
  pain erupted from her throat at the horrific ache that assaulted her tight,
  impossibly stuffed back passage. The cruel priest laughed mockingly, and released
  his hold on the young nun's bottom slabs. The suffering girl, still gasping
  with the shock of the lewd, and brutal invasion of her tight arse ring, began
  to undulate her hips wildly, as if to torment her own brutally violated arse
  ring even more. Instead, her frantic movements only served to loosen her tight
  muscled pit, and allowed it to accept it massive invader much more easily.
  In fact, the acute hurt soon eased, and was transformed into exquisite, delightfully
  deviant, pleasure. Once she had accepted the assault on her rear, and had begun
  to revel in its lecherous perversity, the naked nun smiled lewdly, and dropped
  her mouth back down into the splayed open cunt before her face, and resumed
  her lascivious sucking on it, like a bitch in heat.  
&quot;Oh, yes!&quot; One of the dominant priests commented
  to his partner in debauchery, &quot;This one is going to make a perfect slut
  companion for the Lord during the mass next week.&quot; Needless to say, his
  companion in crime heartily agreed with him, enjoying as he was, the tight
  elasticity of the nun's madly grasping arse pit. The huge black priest held
  his own hips quite still, and allowed the sweating girl to furiously pump her
  skewered arse at his groin. It didn't take all that long, really, before his
  penis exploded in that tight, humid cavern, and bathed its clasping walls in
  a sea of rich, hot testicle cream.  
It was not yet over for the broken nun, however, with the
  priests giving the covey of slaves full reign to vent their own depraved lust
  on the sex crazed girl. She was fucked up her silky cunt, and her tight arse
  pit over and over. Her mouth accepted cocks, draining them of their spicy issue,
  with the alacrity of a seasoned harlot. She attacked the dripping pussies of
  the slave girls with the same gusto, making it impossible to guess where her
  own sexual orientation lay, probably demonstrating perfect bisexuality.  
After a couple hours of unbridled wanton sexual excess that
  left the altar cloth saturated with the juices of sexual depravity, the priests
  called a halt to the proceedings. The slaves clambered down from the altar
  and were soon engaged in donning their robes to cover their nudity prior to
  exiting the church. The nun was kept nude, however, and had her arms immobilised
  behind her back with a full arm binder. A slave collar was strapped around
  her slender neck, and a dog leash attached to a ring in its front centre. No
  one made any effort to clean either the girl's body, or her pretty face up
  after the orgy. Her arse cheeks were saturated with sticky orgasmic fluids,
  and her face shone with sticky cunt juice, seasoned with gobs of slowly drying
  male spunk. In all she both looked, and smelt like a well used whore.  
No action was taken to clean up the church. The Church of
  the Fallen Angels had no desire to hide the fact that they had raided a temple
  of the sworn enemy. Rather their strategy was to make sure that the catholics
  knew exactly what had transpired in their sacred shrine, and who had done it,
  and more importantly, why it had been done. It added to the sheer wickedness
  of the assault, and so brought the Lord Beelzebub untold satisfaction. And
  our Lord, unlike his holy counterpart, rewarded his followers for their efforts,
  on His behalf, rather than expecting them to serve Him so grossly without recompense.  
So this is how my profane Majesty described the breaking
  of the Lord's slut for this particular Black Mass. It made all of us ache with
  disappointment at not being there to witness, and even participate in such
  an orgy of perverted debauchery. All this flashed through my mind while the
  Lord's slut was brought to the altar by the two black priests, who had been
  her jailers since her breaking. The girl's body had not been washed since that
  night, and literally reeked of pungent odours of unbridled sexuality. It was
  easy to tell that she was a freshly taken slave when one looked at her naked
  crotch. It had been rendered completely hairless, but had the rosy hue to its
  smooth, delicate skin that clearly betrayed evidence of recent depilation.
  Also, the fleshy hood protecting her girl prick had not yet been removed, although
  this in no way hid the fact that the little girl prick was stiff and hard,
  betraying her obvious sexual arousal.  
The new slave's naked body was the hefted up onto the altar
  by the priests, dressed in the black velvet robes, and prepared for its service
  as the Lord's slut. The effigy of the Lord Beelzebub that stands high behind
  the altar is in the form of a standing male, with legs wide spread and arms
  stretched out, and slightly forward, as if he were surveying all he owned,
  which he would have been, of course. Twin stone erect penises of magnificent
  proportions arched up from his ebony crotch with large round testicles propping
  up the base where the thick stalks met. The effigy was a perfect replica, down
  to the hairy nature of the muscular body, the profoundly evil leer its face
  wore, the horns sprouting from above its forehead, and even the hairy, heavily
  ridged ring of its anus peeping out from between the shiny stone rounds of
  its buttocks, below its enormous testicles.  
The compliant slave's body was turned upside down, facing
  outwards, and lifted up against the idol. Her ankles were stretched wide apart,
  and each was placed in one of the open hands of the effigy's spread out arms.
  As soon as an ankle met the stone of a hand it automatically closed into a
  fist, capturing that slender ankle. When the priests released the slave girl's
  limbs her nude body hung, upside down, with her back to, and resting against
  the stone torso of the idol. Her head hung about half way down the lengths
  of the jutting penises of the statue, and her cruelly splayed crotch was poised
  a few inches below the demonic features of the Lord. The young slave, who had
  become the Lord's newest slut, reacted in perfect harmony with her status.
  Her tiny hands grasped the thick stems of the stone penises, and soon her pink
  tongue was lewdly, and devotedly lapping at the tips of those mighty poles
  of male sexuality.  
One of the satanic priests took two enormously thick, black
  candles and drove one each deeply into the whimpering slut's cunt and arse
  holes. These candles were then lit, and their flames eerily lit up the satanic
  facade of the effigy of the Lord. Weirdly, the soft light seemed to cause the
  eyes, deep set in the broad face, to glow red. The priests descended from the
  altar and disappeared from my sight. A low hum of activity heralded the arrival
  of the satanic congregation, made up of priests, acolytes, and, of course,
  numerous slaves.  
The priests and acolytes took up positions in the pews.
  Well they weren't really pews, more like low slung sofas of the type depicted
  in scenes of ancient Rome. All the males were on the right side of the chapel,
  and the females on the left. The priests and priestesses were clad in flowing
  robes of jet black velvet, edged with scarlet, and the acolytes in similar
  robes of deep mauve with black trimmings. The slaves were all almost nude,
  wearing only scarlet hose and garter belts, both male and female, and high
  heeled shoes. The male slaves, pricks stiff and throbbing, knelt in rows behind
  the male priests and acolytes, with hairless their groins thrust outwards wantonly,
  to display their aroused cocks fully.  
Similarly the female slaves knelt behind the women occupying
  pews. Their thighs were also well spread, and their smooth, hairless, moist
  quims thrust out lewdly. My profane Majesty, accompanied by her male counterpart,
  a tall regal looking man, walked up the central aisle, and took their places
  on thrones in front of the two rows of pews. Both the high priest, and the
  high priestess were dressed in satin robes of scarlet with jet black trimmings.
  Once they were seated the ceremony began.  
The chapel was filled with an eerie pinkish light that became
  progressively brighter the closer you came to the altar, where it was quite
  brilliant, ensuring that the congregation were given a clear graphic view of
  proceedings. The temperature within the chapel seemed to grow hotter and hotter.
  Above my face the effigy of the Lord Beelzebub began to, miraculously, move.
  The awesome figure, in fact, slowly squatted, until my up turned face had disappeared
  between its massive, hairy buttocks, and my mouth was brought flush up against
  its prominent anal ring. This was just as well because this movement of the
  huge effigy was accompanied by the agonies of the altar, inflicted, diabolically
  and mercilessly, on my strapped down nudity. My horrendous squeals of pure
  anguish were quite efficiently muffled by the stone bottom cheeks of the effigy
  of my Lord.  
Firstly the series of rings making up the cages enclosing
  my up thrusting tits contracted ferociously, driving their sharp spikes deeply
  into my tender tit meat, contorting my gorgeously suffering udders grotesquely.
  The bulldog like clamps that loosely embraced my plump cunt lips snapped shut
  driving their own sharp, needle like, spikes deeply into their sensitive flesh.
  This was complimented by the arms attached to these clamps being wrenched savagely
  back a couple of inches, tearing the pain soaked twat lips obscenely wide apart,
  and baring the dripping wet meat of my cunt trench. My face pressed hard into
  the unyielding split of the Lord's stone arse while wave after wave of pain
  assaulted my senses. But if I thought that the worst had happened I was to
  be in for a rude shock in the next few seconds.  
The fabulously swollen teats capping my horribly suffering
  tits both exploded with sheer agony when the cruel flails within my tit cages
  began to thrash their hard flesh with unerring accuracy. The small sharp edged
  jacks sliced up the nerve filled nubs with barbaric fury until I was sure that
  my poor teats must have caught fire. No sooner had my frenzied brain come to
  grips with the torture of my teats than my senses exploded with the most excruciating
  agony of all. The flail within the cage accommodating my stiff, throbbing,
  hugely swollen girl prick commenced to slice up that acutely sensitised stalk
  with terrifying precision. My entire being was inundated with agonised suffering.
  My heart pounded as if it were about to burst. The muscles in my captured limbs
  knotted involuntarily. My belly palpitated uncontrollably, and my masochistic
  soul began to sing with joy while my eerie shrieks of extreme hurt and anguish
  lost themselves in the growing heat of the stone cheeks pressed up against
  my face. My long tongue shot from my gaping mouth as if it possessed a life
  of its own, and buried itself up the hole of the Lord's arse.  
While I was being subjected to my ferocious agonies the
  celebrant and his attendant, slaves cocksucker and harlotta respectively were
  having torments of an entirely different nature inflicted on their bizarrely
  decorated bodies. The velvety fingers of transparent latex within harlotta's
  tit cones began to erotically caress her throbbing teats, sending waves of
  sexual pleasure coursing through her. Adding to her delight, immeasurably,
  when activated, were the two dildos which began to both softly vibrate, and
  sensual pump in and out of her stretched open holes of depravity. Soon the
  silky walls of her pleasure soaked cunt pit were convulsing, out of control,
  and squeezing the sliding pole of the thick dildo prick as if to throttle it.
  Her spasming arse cavity clutched wildly at its sensual invader with equal
  fervour. And when the soft rubber sleave, fitted so snugly over the length
  of her woman cock began to suckle on it like the most talented whore mouth
  imaginable, the delirious slave's squeals of ecstasy were matching my own wails
  of torment in sheer sensual intensity.  
Cocksucker, either by design, or through a concentration
  that almost defies imagination, somehow managed to remain quite silent when
  his own sensual, and unbelievably erotic torture began. The long thick dildo
  began to pump his tight, hot arse pit with long, slow strokes. The sleave fitted
  around the stem of his hard prick began to massage it with sublime sensuality,
  and, most of all, the myriad of feathery tendrils within the cage enclosing
  his swollen prick head began to tease its nerve filled meat with exquisite
  eroticism. While the pleasure soaked slave managed to keep relatively quiet,
  he could not hide the heaving of his chest, nor the visible throbbing of his
  fabulously stimulated prick.  
There was one more fantastic surprise awaiting me, and the
  Lord Beelzebub's slut. It was about sheer diabolic magic. The incredible stench
  hit me first. The reek of divine corruption emanating from the stone arsehole
  that my mouth was so passionately glued to. The magnificently ridged anal ring
  was not longer hard and unyielding stone. It had been transformed into the
  real thing, and it squeezed my deeply buried tongue rhythmically. The sublime
  stench of the arse ring was soon complimented by, and indeed enhanced mightily
  by the awesome flavour of that same sacred obscenity. Remarkably, the flooding
  of my senses with such immaculate corruption did not fill me with revulsion.
  Rather, it filled me with a kind of euphoric elation. Indeed, the infusion
  of the stench, and corrupt flavour of supernatural evil seemed to heighten
  my senses to an unimaginable degree. Consequently the constant agony afflicting
  my captive nudity seemed to be intensified to new, indescribable levels, but
  also, miraculously, my the ability of my mind to first absorb, then bear, and
  finally to revel in suck terrifying suffering, had become limitless.  
Above my head equally strange, and equally enchanted things
  had happened. The huge stone penises of the Lord had magically transformed
  into flesh and blood, and each leaked copious quantities of thick, creamy juice,
  reeking with the stench of diabolic corruption. The Lord's slut lasciviously
  lapped at the leaking slits of the now throbbing penises with renewed lust,
  her reeling senses flooding with thrilling satanic exhilaration. The suspended
  slave's hands were soon busily, passionately squeezing both the Lord's throbbing
  stems, and huge testicles, in vain endeavours to extract ever more of that
  profane juice for her ravenous tongue to slurp up. She need not have worried
  on this score, as we shall soon see.  
With the scene finally set for the ceremony to actually
  commence the high priest and priestess cried out in perfect unison, &quot;Lord
  Beelzebub, ruler of our beings, owner of our souls. We plead for a sign that
  our ceremonial arrangements please your satanic magnificence. Lord, we, your
  devout disciples, yearn for a sign of your approval, and long to be permitted
  to perform the profane ceremony to glorify your splendour. Please Lord, accede
  to our plea! Grant us a sign!&quot; The chapel fell deathly quiet while all
  gathered there waited with bated breath, and prayed that our depravity and
  perverseness fulfilled the Lord's absolute paradigm. When the sign came we
  were all filled with joy.  
The powerful penises of the Lord pulsed almightily, and
  profuse steams of thick reeking juice streaked from their tips to saturate
  the face of His slut in immaculately corrupt essence. The suspended slave girl's
  nude body reacted instantaneously. Her wide open mouth gulped wildly at the
  gushing cream, and she avidly swallowed copious quantities of the reeking cream.
  Her lean smooth belly shuddered uncontrollably. And, finally, her cunt spasmed
  madly around the huge candle that filled its writhing pit to capacity, and
  she came and came. Rivulets of her spicy cunt cream trickled down her trembling
  belly. The ecstatic slave's glowing cunt exploded continuously, in perfect
  symmetry with the erupting penises of the Lord. The sign had been granted.
  We were accepted. The fusion of elation in the chapel was palpable. All gathered
  there were filled with abounding joy and unrivalled excitement.  
&quot;Lord Beelzebub!&quot; The high priest and priestess
  cried in unison, &quot;We thank you for your sublime benevolence. We serve
  you with every fibre of our essence. Let the celebration of the Lord's triumph,
  and the utter defilement of his odious foe begin!&quot;  
Slave cocksucker, his body shivering with pleasure, leaned
  forward and drove his long, thick, tongue deeply into my silky cunt pit. After
  using it to massage the writhing walls of my pussy hole for a few seconds,
  then withdrew it, and stood straight up once again. &quot;Lord Beelzebub, the
  oozing cunt pit of your altar is flavoured with submission to your whim. The
  suffering of the altar is accepted with true devotion.&quot; Then the main
  part of the Black Mass began, and proceeded to its inevitable climax, in an
  orgy of unrestrained blasphemy. The parody of the catholic ritual advanced
  to the low hypnotic chants of the slaves at the rear of the chapel. All of
  the slaves had begun to lasciviously undulate their hips, and the pricks of
  the males had begun to leak musky ball juice, while the cunts of the females
  complimented them by oozing with spicy cunt cream.  
To begin with the two slaves, the celebrant and his attendant,
  recited a litany of praise of the magnificence of the Lord beelzebub, with
  the celebrant uttering statements of worship, and the attendant replying, always
  with a deliciously obscene answer:  
Cocksucker: &quot;All pricks stand stiff when in your presence,
  Lord.&quot;  
Harlotta: &quot;All cunts are juicy in your presence, Lord.&quot;  
Cocksucker: &quot;All stiff cocks throb with ecstasy in
  your honour, Lord.&quot;  
Harlotta: &quot;All stiff girl pricks pulsate with joy to
  praise you, Lord.&quot;  
Cocksucker: &quot;Your favour, Lord, makes all sap filled
  balls ache with longing.&quot;  
Harlotta: &quot;Your indulgence, Lord, makes all cunts crave
  hot, stiff prick.&quot;  
Cocksucker: &quot;Your desire, Lord, causes all stiff throbbing
  cocks to spit in ecstasy.&quot;  
Harlotta: &quot;Your exquisite lust, Lord, causes all swollen
  cunts to gush with rapture.&quot;  
There was a slight pause, during which I tongued the Lord's
  delightfully corrupting arsehole with renewed fervour, while revelling in the
  excruciating agony of my brutally lashed teats and immaculately flayed girl
  prick. The two celebrating slaves repeated the obscene litany three more times
  before the nature of the ritual altered to reflect the first climactic event.
  Slaves cocksucker and harlotta both surrendered, for the first time, to their
  exquisite sexual torment.  
Cocksucker: &quot;For your greater glory, Lord, my fat,
  stiff, throbbing, prick explodes in pleasure.&quot;  
Harlotta: &quot;For your exalted grandeur, Lord, my pulsating
  pussy erupts in ecstasy.&quot;  
Huge streams of steaming ball cream flashed up slave cocksucker's
  bursting prick, coursing into the deeply buried glass tube, and splashed from
  its spout like tip down onto my own writhing cunt split, bathing it in whitish
  fluid in such quantities that it poured down into the pout of my gaping arse
  ring which reacted with impeccable depravity by palpitating madly, as if to
  suck the musky flow into its greedy hole. Six massive spurts erupted from slave
  cocksucker's spasming cock before it stopped. At the same time slave harlotta's
  sopping cunt contracted powerfully, over and over, and a veritable flood of
  piquant cunt juice gushed from it. So copious was the flow that it dripped
  down onto the slave mat below her undulating crotch. While the two slave's
  shattering orgasms were running their full course each squealed out in impassioned,
  wanton lust:  
Cocksucker: &quot;To celebrate your magnificence, might
  Lord, my elated prick is flooding the dripping cunt of your altar with my hot
  ball cream.&quot;  
Harlotta: &quot;To acclaim your splendour, omnipotent Lord,
  hot, spicy juices are pouring from my palpitating twat.&quot;  
Unlike slave cocksucker, whose orgasm spent itself quite
  quickly, slave harlotta's pleasure filled pussy basically existed in a state
  of orgasm for the rest of the entire duration of the profane, and blasphemous
  ritual, and every thirty or so seconds the sexually exploding slave woman squealed
  out in fits of unbridled lust and unstoppable depravity: &quot;Incomparable
  Lord, my lewd cunt is cumming hard. Matchless Lord, my lecherous twat pours
  out its spicy juice in a flood of sluttish depravity. Peerless Lord, my lascivious
  pussy is erupting in whorish obscenely rutting elation.&quot;  
All the time the tantalising engines of pleasure stimulated
  the out of control slave's throbbing teats and stiff, pulsating woman cock.
  The long smooth dildo drove in and out of her clasping arse crater relentlessly,
  and the other long, thick dildo plunged, liquidly, in and out of her wildly
  spasming cunt pit in long, exquisitely slow strokes. Enormous quantities of
  lustrous cunt cream flooded from the slave woman's writhing pussy, until pools
  of it had accumulated below her wildly rutting crotch. It seemed impossible
  that a woman could continue to cum so hard and for so long, inconceivable that
  her body could surrender so much sex juice with no prospect of stopping doing
  so, unimaginable that a woman could retain her consciousness when subjected
  to such unrelenting, and excruciatingly incessant pleasure. She must have thought
  that she had died, and been transported to harlot paradise. Meanwhile, the
  equally unrelenting stimulation of slave cocksucker's burgeoning sexuality
  was slowly, and surely building him up to another inevitable orgasmic peak.  
But, back to the profane ceremony. Slave cocksucker had
  reached out and took up the cunt shaped platter upon which was heaped the pristine,
  snow white hosts, and placed it on the altar, between my brutally splayed thighs.  
The celebrant then moved into a litany of sacrilegious profanity:  
&quot;Almighty Lord Beelzebub, this is the contemptible
  substance representing the loathsome body of the hideous christ. I tongue kiss
  the delightfully depraved arse ring of your suffering altar as I prepare to
  defile the odious christ carcass.&quot;  
Cocksucker bent his head low and glued his thick lips to
  my palpitating arse ring, and drove his long, thick, agile tongue deeply into
  my rear hole. For a brief moment, while the lascivious tongue wriggled teasingly,
  and erotically laved the muscular walls of my humid tunnel, pleasurable sensations
  fleetingly jousted with acute agony for control of my mind. The celebrant,
  reluctantly I'm sure, extracted his long, thick tongue from my pungent arsehole
  and straightened up again. His breathing was coming in short gasps as his pleasure
  began to peak, until creamy white balls cream again surged up the clear tube
  protruding from the tip of his jerking prick:  
&quot;All-powerful Lord, my servile tongue has tasted the
  divine depravity of your exquisitely suffering altar's degenerate arse pit.
  I revel in untold debauchery while my slimy cock juice seasons the chaste carcass
  of the abhorrent christ with divine perversity. Degenerate congregation, witness
  the profane defilement of the hideous christ, and revel in the glory of the
  Lord Beelzebub, all-powerful and almighty.&quot;  
Six lustrously powerful spurts of cum gushed from the tip
  of the glass tube, and splashed down over the heap of hosts, while the orgasming
  slave panted with pleasure, and his attendant, once again, announced that her
  spasming cunt was cumming. For a few brief moments, while the pleasure filled
  slave fought to regain control of his reeling senses, all activity seemed to
  cease at the altar. The heap of communion hosts dripped with rich, creamy man
  cum, absorbing the sex juice almost as if they had surrendered to its potency.  
Cocksucker, having finally regained control of his wits,
  removed the defiled hosts, and replaced them with the obscenely shaped chalice
  containing the sacrificial wine. Throughout the sensual torment of his erect
  cock was relentlessly building up to yet another climax. As soon as he knew
  that orgasm was again imminent the slave again bent his head down, glued his
  full, whorishly painted lips to my anal ring, and drove his agile tongue deeply
  into my quivering arse pit. Straightening up again the pleasure soaked slave
  cried:  
&quot;Almighty Lord Beelzebub, this is the loathsome essence
  epitomising the heinous blood of the abhorrent christ. I tongue kiss the lusciously
  degenerate arse circle of your violated altar and prepare to debauch the detestable
  christ blood.&quot;  
Cocksucker's ragged breath came in short palpitating heaves
  while his pleasure again began to peak, and culminated in a series of powerful,
  steaming, rivers of pale ball juice once again surging up the clear tube embedded
  in his jerking prick:  
&quot;Utterly omnipotent Overlord, my subservient tongue
  has savoured the sublime corruption of your immaculately suffering altar's
  perverted arse crater. I exult in endless licentiousness while my squalid cock
  juice spices the virtuous blood of the repulsive christ with outrageous debauchery.
  Decadent flock, behold the blasphemous desecration of the ghastly christ, and
  bask in the radiance of the Lord Beelzebub, all-powerful and almighty.&quot;  
Six gloriously dynamic jets of pungent cum flooded from
  the tip of the glass tube and splashed into the dark red liquid in the small
  chalice, while the climaxing serf gasped in ecstasy, and his aide yet again
  trumpeted that her convulsing cooze was erupting, yet again. For a few brief
  moments, while the pleasure sated cocksucker recaptured command of his jolted
  faculties, activity seemed to cease at the altar. The pallid fluid of spurting
  cock blended with the deep red wine, reducing its rich colour to a lighter
  hue.  
Cocksucker, again in control of himself, carefully took
  the platter of soiled hosts, and poured them into the chalice. He used a finger,
  he had first thrust deeply into both my cunt and arse holes, to vigorously
  stir the mixture until hosts, wine, and sex juice were well blended. He then
  announced:  
&quot;Oh, almighty Lord Beelzebub, the flawless violation
  of the heinous christ is complete. His odious body and vile blood revel in
  the perverted liquid embrace of my depraved sex juices. His hideous body and
  revolting blood wallow in the sacred obscenity of my pungent, and utterly debauched
  prick cream. Oh immaculately profane Lord, we beg you, give us a sign that
  your satanic flock may receive its obscene communion.&quot;  
The chapel went silent again, while all present waited in
  anxious expectation for the Lord's response. When it came, signalled by a fresh
  eruption of his massive penises, bathing the face of his slut with reeking
  juice, the excitement in the chapel was palpable. The voices of the high priest,
  and high priestess rang out in unison:  
&quot;Slave celebrant, we command you to prepare us for
  the communion of the devotees!&quot;  
Slave cocksucker immediately fell to his knees before the
  altar, and took the prick chalice in both hands. While he was so engaged the
  two principal devotees rose from their thrones, turned around, and knelt on
  them, ensuring that their robed rears arched out. Cocksucker then crawled to
  each in turn, and presented the chalice to their mouths. Each of the high priest
  and priestess allowed their tongues to immerse in the gooey fluid for a few
  seconds. The slave celebrant then waddled around to the high priest's rear.
  He placed the chalice on the floor, and used his hands to fold up the mans
  robe and draped it over his body until the man's naked buttocks were fully
  exposed, the muscular cheeks well separated by his crouched posture.  
Cocksucker then reached down to retrieve the chalice, and
  brought it to his own lips. He drew a huge mouthful of the obscene fluid into
  his mouth and then pressed his lips to the high priest's pouting anus. The
  slave carefully tongued the lumpy liquid into the high priest's deep arsehole,
  ensuring that not a drop was wasted. He repeated this action until the pornographic
  chalice was half empty. He crawled over to the high priestess, and repeated
  the act, then returned to the altar with the empty chalice. After replacing
  the empty vessel the slave began to divest his nudity of its lascivious decorations,
  no doubt disenchanted with the ceasing of his sexual torment that this heralded.  
While the robed priests and acolytes lined up behind the
  crouched high priest and high priestess, to receive their communion, the effigy
  of the Lord released one ankle of his slut, and tore the candles driven up
  her cunt and arse holes out and flung them away. He then released her other
  ankle and grasped her around her slender waist and spun her nude body around
  until her wide spread crotch was poised over his mighty erections. The evil
  icon then allowed the slut's body to drop, and his poles of wanton debauchery
  and depravity drove deeply into her lust pits, both front and rear. The young
  slave girl squealed with pleasure while the enormous penises filled her tender
  pits to capacity. Her hands flashed up to her bulging tits and began to batter
  the swinging mounds in a frenzy of crazed excitement. Her fingers tore at the
  sensitive peaks of her throbbing teats while the Lord bounced her writhing
  nudity up and down on his pulsating stalks of diabolic passion.  
Each of the devotees approached his or her high priest or
  high priestess, knelt submissively before their pale, bare bottoms and slipped
  their worshipping faces between the warm, meaty cheeks. After devotedly kissing
  the rings of their superior's arse, each slipped their tongues into the juice
  filled holes, and sucked a small amount of the profane mixture deposited there
  into their mouths and swallowed. They then rose to their feet and returned
  to their low slung pews, throwing off their robes as they went, revealing near,
  or fully nude bodies in obvious states of sexual arousal, stiff yearning penises,
  and hot, swampy pussies and swollen breasts capped by stiff, throbbing nipples.
  When they resumed their seats it was manifestly evident that it was a chore
  to keep their hands from wandering to their own excited bodies, not to mention
  those of their neighbours. But it was not yet quite time for the free for all
  orgy of celebration to begin.  
While the dominant members of the Church were engaged in
  receiving their communion the Lord continued to rape the convulsing holes of
  debauchery of his lust crazed slut, and the little slave harlot came and came,
  despite, or perhaps because of the pain of her exquisite violation. Her soft,
  wildly swinging tits had reddened considerably from the battering by her hands,
  their throbbing teats blood red and incredibly swollen. Slave cocksucker, having
  freed his own nudity from its bizarre adornments had gone to the assistance
  of his still sexually convulsing sister. He soon had her divested of her own
  embellishments of erotic sensuality, and the two knelt in slave harlotta's
  shallow, tray like mat, and were locked in an impassioned embrace. The searing
  nature of their fervent kiss certainly denied any evidence that they might
  be sensually sated following the exhausting, and prolonged sexual torment they
  had both been so recently subjected to.  
After the procession of dominant devotees had received their
  communion it was the turn of the slaves. They approached the altar on their
  knees, and in two lines. They had their torsos leant back, and their groins
  thrust outwards, undulating lasciviously to graphically display their utter,
  joyful depravity. The stiff, aching pricks of the males swayed lewdly, while
  the large plump tits of the females wobbled heavily on their slender chests
  in exhibitions of sexual submission appropriate to the moment. They also partook
  of the profane communion, direct from the arseholes of their infinite superiors.  
Instead of retreating to their places at the rear of the
  chapel after receiving their gifts, the slaves formed kneeling, obscenely cavorting
  circles around the two supreme dominants, the males around the high priest,
  and the females around my Majesty, the high priestess. When the last of the
  slaves had partaken of the obscene sacrament the two leading dominants rose
  from their crouches, threw off their robes to reveal their stunning, naked
  beauty, and approached the kneeling, passionately embracing bodies of the celebrant
  and his attendant. When they arrived slave cocksucker reached up to the high
  priest's bottom, parted the muscular cheeks, and glued his lips to the man's
  saliva soaked arse pout. His tongue ploughed deeply into the man's arse crater,
  and he sucked avidly for all that remained of the profane sacrifice.  
While cocksucker worshipped at the arsehole of the high
  priest slave harlotta reached up, with sheer adoration radiating from her beautiful
  violet eyes, and parted the smooth, shapely cheeks of Majesty's ravishing bottom
  and slobbered obscenely over the haughty woman's pleasure filled anal ring.
  She then, too, drove her long, agile tongue deeply into Majesty's humid arse
  hole and sucked for its offering with all the passion in her being. Eventually
  the high priest and priestess were both satisfied that their respective arseholes
  had been completely emptied of the communion mixture, and returned to stand
  in the centre of their respective circles of slaves.  
All participants then returned their undivided attention
  to the altar. By this time the objects that had tortured my strapped down nudity
  so diabolically had ceased their vicious actions, and automatically released
  my agonised flesh. While I revelled in the aftermath of my horrific torment
  the Lord's rape of his joyful slut was nearing its climax. The squealing slave
  girl's crotch was literally flashing up and down on the Lord's enormous penises.
  Her spicy sex juices visibly sprayed from her convulsing sex while she came
  and came, suspended in a state of seemingly continual sexual climax, and splattered
  down on my still securely captive nudity like rain. Suddenly the Lord's mighty
  hands lifted the slut's writhing body up from his pulsating stalks. Pungent,
  corrupt spunk erupted from the tips of the jerking penises like geysers, drenching
  the keening slut's furiously palpitating cunt pit and arse crater in its abundant
  flood.  
After what seemed an eon, the Lord's massive sex logs stopped
  exploding as instantly as they had started, and he dropped the cum splattered
  body of his slut down on to my own captive nudity. The cute little bundle of
  sated beauty lay on top of me, her breath coming in huge gasps while she came
  down from the incredible sensual high she had been suspended in from the very
  start of the profane ritual. After a few minutes the lascivious little harlot
  crouched up over my thrusting tits, and her soft tongue began to erotically
  lap at the throbbing teats that capped them. I marvelled at the depraved creature's
  capacity for depravity, despite her recent initiation into such hedonistic
  activity, but then realised that it was no more intense than my own had been
  for years.  
The Lord's effigy miraculously returned to its normal standing
  posture, and cold stone facade, signalling the completion of the profane ritual,
  and commencement of an orgy of depraved debauchery that defied description,
  and was to last, unabated for hour after hour, until sheer sexual exhaustion,
  rather than by the choice of the participants, forced its conclusion. Majesty
  approached the altar with her dominant colleague. Together they lifted the
  huge chalice filled with the sex juice of the collection. They unsealed the
  huge vessel and then poured about half of its depraved contents over the writhing
  body of the Lord's slut, covering her with rich, pungent, man juice. The lascivious
  little animal soon ensured that my own skin was also drenched with the sticky
  spunk too, by rolling her wriggling nudity all over my strapped down body laughing
  with lecherous glee while she did so.  
The two dominants then moved to slave cocksucker and harlotta,
  who were still passionately kissing, and poured the remaining juice over their
  writhing bodies, bathing the lewd slaves in an ocean of sumptuous sexuality.
  They then returned to their respective groups of slaves, and an orgy of unbridled
  debauchery and uncontrollable lust and depravity began.  
Even when celebrating the glory of the Lord after His most
  profane ritual, His devotees' instinctively knew that un-natural displays of
  depravity pleased Him most. Thus, with the exception of the slaves harlotta
  and cocksucker who, after all, were brother and sister, and so their union
  in itself would be considered bizarre, the entire congregation exclusively
  slaked their unbridled lust on members of their own sex.  
On the male side of the chapel stiff penises were being
  sucked into eager male mouths. Others were already sliding into open, welcoming,
  manly arseholes. Succulent, sap filled testicles were being erotically lapped
  by avid tongues, to coax their spicy essence to spurt into an eager manly mouth,
  or an equally avid male arsehole. Soon stiff, throbbing penises were gushing
  their pungent cream in streams, and ardent mouths were drinking those luscious
  juices direct from the erupting stalks, or were glued to slack loose arse pouts,
  sucking for the loads that had been deposited in their dark recesses by ecstatically
  exploding penises. As soon as a penis had orgasmed, and emptied the testicles
  of its owner, there was another eager mouth anxious to suck it back to throbbing
  erection.  
On the female side similar acts of depravity were being
  staged, with equal displays of lust and debauchery. Pretty female faces disappeared
  into the crotches of girls, and avid tongues lapped lasciviously at erect clitoral
  spikes, or buried themselves in the silky caverns of pulsing pussies. Soft
  feminine tongues lapped obscenely at tingling arse rings. Teeth nibbled at
  throbbing nipples, while plump breast mounds were caressed unrelentingly. Fingers
  plunged into arseholes or pussy sleaves, and were then presented to ardent
  mouths to be cleaned of spicy female juice. Whenever a pussy exploded with
  orgasm its flowing juices were enthusiastically slurped up by a feminine tongue.
  When all the pussy's tangy cum had been sucked from it the mouth would leave,
  in search of another flooded pussy to drain. It would invariably be instantaneously
  replaced by another eager feminine mouth, whose lascivious tongue would tease
  the slightly wilted clitoris back to throbbing stiffness, and the whole erotic
  process would be repeated.  
On the left side of the altar the slave girls were quickly
  subjecting my adored Majesty to exquisite, erotic, lesbian excess. Three heads
  hovered around her groin, a tongue buried to the hilt up her tight, hot arsehole,
  another plunged a deeply as possible into her luscious, velvety pussy pit,
  while a third devotedly, and passionately teased and stimulated the throbbing
  stalk of her steel hard clitoris. Other soft, female tongues titillated the
  stiff peaks of her swollen nipples, while hands gently caressed the lovely
  mounds of her massive breasts. A slave girl had drawn Majesty's beautiful face
  between her plump thighs and was enjoying the exquisite sensation of Majesty's
  talented tongue on her cunt and throbbing girl prick. Other slave girls had
  drawn Majesty's hands into their excited twats to savour her fingers plunging
  into their dripping cunt pits, or tweaking their stiff, throbbing woman cocks.
  Yet other slave girls had to content themselves with fucking their drooling
  twats on my Majesty's toes, while they waited for their turn to worship her
  more intimate parts.  
The high priest, on the right side of the altar, was submitting
  to a similar orgy of homosexual lust. A slave's long, thick cock was sliding
  sensually in and out of the high priest's welcoming rectum. Two slaves had
  their heads buried in his crotch, one's mouth had engulfed the man's swollen
  testicles and was tenderly suckling the delicate orbs, the other's mouth eagerly
  sucked his thick throbbing penis with all the passion of a cock starved harlot.
  A slave had straddled the high priest's head and fed the dominant's welcoming
  mouth with the entire length of his burgeoning prick, his fat balls resting
  heavily on the dominant's chin. The high priest's hands both vigorously masturbated
  a pair of slave cocks while other slaves, waiting their turn impatiently for
  more intimate service, caressed his toes with the swollen, silky heads of their
  stiff aching pricks. The balls attached to the cock buried down the high priest's
  throat flexed strongly, and spewed their pungent essence into his gulping gullet.
  The dominant male drained the climaxing slave prick dry, and then immediately
  reached out for, and sucked another hot, stiff prick into his insatiable mouth
  without even pausing to draw breath. His own excited penis finally surrendered
  to the talents of the slave sucking him, and was similarly sucked dry while
  the slave prick reaming out his arse tunnel also exploded and flooded that
  tight chute with boiling scum. A couple of new male slave tongues were soon
  busy teasing the dominant's softened penis back to throbbing stiffness, while
  yet another stiff cock slid easily into his slick arsehole.  
Cocksucker had knelt behind harlotta, and was driving his
  huge prick in and out of her churning cunt pit with frightening rapidity. While
  he fucked his ecstatic sister's brains out he was using the fingers of one
  hand to stimulate the obscenely bare stalk of her throbbing woman cock. His
  other hand battered the flopping mounds of her enormous tits. Slave harlotta
  rolled her arse like a bitch in heat, and her mouth gaped wide while she yelled
  at her slave brother to fuck her lights out, and to slap her swinging tits
  harder. Tit torment was never far from harlotta's masochistic mind. Cocksucker
  cried out with pleasure while his prick exploded in harlotta's greedy cunt.
  His enormous hands squeezed her soft tender tit meat viciously while his swinging
  balls shed their juice into the hot cavern of harlotta's wildly convulsing
  cunt pit. As soon as she perceived that her brother's balls had been totally
  drained the insatiable slave woman tore its slightly wilted length from her
  well fucked twat sleave, turned her voluptuous body around, and engulfed the
  entire meaty tube in her avid mouth. Whether she was just trying to get it
  stiff again so that she could continue to be fucked, I wouldn't know for she
  didn't let it escape from her thirsty mouth until it had again surrendered
  a thick load of juice for her to gulp down.  
The Lord's little slut raised her pretty face from one of
  my throbbing teats and leered down at me with consummate lechery radiating
  from her excited eyes. I leered back up at the slave slut with equal licentiousness,
  and begged her slavishly, &quot;Feed me your ravaged cunt split, you adorable
  slut. I long to drink your well fucked twat pouch dry of the Lord's sweet penis
  elixir. I yearn to drain your ravished arse pit of that gorgeous juice, you
  gorgeous little harlot!&quot;  
The mischievous little whore's eyes gleamed with excitement,
  and she scrambled up my body until she was able to crouch, with her smooth
  crotch no more than an inch away from my face. She then cruelly teased me by
  cocking a leg and lasciviously undulating her split open sex before my longing
  eyes, then dipping a finger into her reamed out arsehole and scooping a finger
  full of the Lord's sumptuous juice from it, slowly lifting the cream soaked
  digit to her mouth and teasingly lapping it clean. The heartless whore repeated
  this over and over, in order to taunt me with her power. She then dipped a
  finger into her flooded cunt pit, and painted her stiff little teats with the
  pungent issue. With a look of impishness delight on her cute face she slowly
  brought each of her deliciously seasoned teats into the range of my mouth,
  and eventually allowed my pleading tongue to lap them clean. The incorrigible
  slut then finally relented, and turned her lovely cum splattered nudity around.
  My heart pounded with excitement as I watched the round firm rounds of her
  shapely arse cheeks slowly descend towards my face. The closer her drooling
  sex split came to my gaping mouth the more intense my joy became. When the
  swollen lips mashed into my mouth my happiness was complete. My tongue shot
  out of my mouth and drove into her silky sleave. My lips closed around her
  fat sex lips, and I sucked at her for all I was worth. My reward was a veritable
  flood of cunt juice seasoned male sap pouring into my mouth, to be savoured,
  then swallowed down my eagerly gulping throat.  
My mouth sucked on the flooded swamp for ages, and I savoured
  every delicious drop of the heady mixture I fed my yearning belly on. While
  I sucked her the delightful whore, being unable to reach my own soaked twat
  with her mouth because of her tiny stature, erotically masturbated the pulsing
  spike of my stiff, still clamped, girl prick with a thumb and forefinger. She
  chortled with glee at the obvious effect of her lewd work. My tormented cunt
  rippled with pleasure, and was soon flowing with cum juice. Once I had sucked
  every drop of the Lords luscious seed from her twat I contented myself with
  tongue lashing her stiff aching girl prick until her young pussy rewarded my
  efforts with a fresh outpouring of sweet girl cum that bathed my eager tongue,
  and flowed into my ever thirsty mouth.  
But I still had work to do. I moved my mouth back along
  the hot moist crack between the cheeks of the precious little harlot's arse,
  and sealed of her still widely dilated arse ring with my lips. My avid tongue
  plied her dripping arse pit, drawing copious amounts of the corruptly fragrant,
  diabolical penis juice that had been deposited there, into my eternally lusting,
  gulping gullet. I came again under the ministrations of the girl's fingers
  while I sucked out every drop of that cream. After I had drained the pungent
  hole completely I contented myself with tongue fucking it until the hot, lascivious
  slut's spasming twat sprayed a fresh load of girl cum onto my upthrust tits,
  to the wanton sounds of her squealing with pleasure.  
The High priest's stiff penis plunged into the hot, tight,
  welcoming arse pit of yet another male slave. A stiff slave cock was plunged
  into the dripping arse cavern of the last slave that the high priest had ravished,
  then extracted and presented to the dominant's mouth. The lust soaked master
  did not hesitate for a second. His voracious mouth swallowed the cum soaked
  prick in one gulp, and he sucked his own testicle cream from it, and then went
  on to suck the throbbing cock until it surrendered its own musky load to his
  greedy maw. Majesty lay back with her face buried in another soaking pussy
  while slave girl's fucked their pussies with her long stiff nipples, used her
  hands to fist fuck their arse tunnels, fisted Majesty's own spasming pussy
  while lapping her pulsing clitoris, and one slave girl even fucked her swampy
  pussy using Majesty's entire foot.  
Cocksucker fisted harlotta's arse pit and cunt tube simultaneously,
  while lapping her standing woman cock with his ever eager tongue. She busied
  herself by using both hands to vigorously masturbated his stiff, aching prick
  stem, while her mouth sucked the head of his cock with erotic enthusiasm until
  both slaves exploded in renewed ecstasy. The Lord's tiny slut crouched between
  my splayed thighs and fist fucked my gaping arse pit violently. At the same
  time she allowed her sharp teeth to playfully nip at the tip of my burgeoning
  girl prick. I could not take too much of this exquisite sexual torture for
  too long, and soon my insatiable cunt was flowing with orgasm for the umpteenth
  time.  
The orgy continued for hour after hour, the participants
  seemingly tireless in their quests for new, and ever more depraved practices
  to wallow in. Recently drained cocks stiffened again, under the relentless
  teasing of new tongues. Spasming pussies flowed with girl cum time and time
  again, but still thirsted for the attentions of another soft tongue, or rapidly
  thrusting fist. Loads of freshly deposited ball cream were no sooner sucked
  from well reamed arse pits, than a new stiff, hot prick was thrust back into
  those greedy holes. Sounds of delight shattered the silence in a never ending
  cacophony of wanton lust. It seemed that no orgiast was prepared to be the
  first to surrender to sexual exhaustion.  
Members of the dominant class were the first to drop off,
  falling asleep where they lay, utterly sated. Some of the males drifted off
  to sleep with a penis still resting their mouths, others with a penis still
  buried up their arse caverns. Females also drifted off with their cum soaked
  faces pressed into the final pussy they had been sucking. Majesty drifted off
  to the sensual feel of soft mouths gently suckling her raw teats. Her beautiful,
  girl cum splattered face rested against the moist pussy of an exhausted slave
  girl. When the high priest finally surrendered to fatigue he did so with a
  slave's softening cock still buried down his throat, its load of cum sliding
  down his still gulping gullet.  
Cocksucker and harlotta slipped into unconsciousness with
  their heads resting in each other's crotches, their finally sated sex meat
  pressed against their gaping mouths. The Lord's lascivious little slut curled
  up on top of me and nursed one of my softening teats while she drifted off
  into a contented slumber. She had released my arms from their bondage some
  time earlier, and I cradled her head in one arm, petting her damp sex juice
  sodden hair, and caressed her plump tits softly while she drifted off. Sleep
  was slow in coming to me, despite my ordeal over the intervening hours.  
I wondered if the little creature whose sexually exhausted
  nudity rested so peacefully on my knew yet that she was to become the permanent
  slave of the two black priests who had so cruelly broken her to the ways of
  a slut. How would the lovely sex animal react to the thrashing of her tender
  young tits, or the exquisite torture of her delicate cunt and soon to be circumcised
  girl cock? Would she revel in her suffering and submission? Would her heart
  pound with slavish happiness when the hot, stiff penis of one of her owners
  sprayed her gulping gullet with an ocean of musky man cum? Would her fresh
  young cunt pit constantly yearn to be filled by the long, thick, throbbing
  penises of her owners? Would her hot tight arse chute continually long for
  the same obscene invasion? And how would the lovely animal react to performing
  as a harlot in a brothel?  
While I pondered these questions on of my hands drifted
  down to her crotch, and I began to gently caress her smooth, hairless pussy
  lips. The new, deliciously erotic slave reacted, even in her sleep, her plump
  thighs parting sluttishly, and the petals of her pussy spreading and moistening
  under my gentle probing. Her little girl prick was soon stiff and hot, and
  I tickled its pulsing tip until the tiny slave's flat belly shivered with languid
  orgasm. To my surprise the girl's mouth left my teat, her face snuggled in
  my neck, with her lips pressed to my ear, and she began to whisper, answering
  all of the questions I had been pondering:  
&quot;Sweet slutina, your clever fingers certainly know
  how to pleasure whore gash. My Masters, who have named me cuntina, have told
  me that, while my cunt heals after my girl prick is operated on, they are going
  to instruct me in the art of penis sucking. They want me to be the most proficient
  cock sucker alive, before they let me go to work as a lewd harlot. They have
  promised me that, any time I fail one of their progress tests they are going
  to whip my fat tits until I howl in agony.&quot; The delightful little masochistic
  slut giggled girlishly, &quot;You know what? I think that I'm going to prove
  to be a slow learner! When my whore gash has completely healed my Masters have
  promised to bring twenty of their male friends over to test the capacity, and
  endurance of my cunt pit to fuck stiff cocks. I get to suck each big prick
  to throbbing erection, before its used to fuck my brains out. I can't wait,
  sweet slutina, and now, just because I like you so much, I'm going to suck
  your woman prick until your slattern cooze feeds me a fresh load of spicy cunt
  cream to lap up!&quot; The gorgeous slut concluded sliding her warm nudity
  down my body.  
My thighs quivered with pleasure while her soft tongue lapped
  at my stiff, aching girl cock, and I marvelled at the delightful depravity
  of my slavish existence, and delighted in reliving the excesses I had been
  subjected to that night. I could not wait until next year, when the whole gorgeously
  wicked event would again require my full attention for many wonderful hours
  of exquisite pain and suffering, and unbridled sexual lust and depravity.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Hawker


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





