BDSM Library - Taming Billy




Taming Billy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Billy's mom seeks her mother's help in bringing her oversexed son under control. Things get a bit complicated when a few of Billy's teachers black mail his mom into letting them join in the fun. All's well that ends well despite more than a few bumps in the road to family togetherness.TAMED TEEN  
 Chapter 1  
 " I don't know what to do with my son these days. " Tracy Lyons said to
  her mother over the phone. The thirty something brunette was reasonably attractive
  with a full figure that could have benefited from some vigorous exercise. " That
  boy of mine has a sex drive that I can't satisfy. Last night he did me twice
  times before he went to sleep, and then this morning he did me twice before
  he went off to school. As soon as he got home today he marched me upstairs
  to his bedroom and gave me a good pounding. Then he tells me that there are
  three girls coming over to give him pussy-eating lessons while they practice
  their blowjob techniques on him. Can you imagine that!"  
 "To make matters worse none of these girls are
  even attractive. I know all about these three. It's common knowledge that the
  skinny one who looks like a boy with that short haircut is the girl toy of
  the other two who are twins. Each of them must weigh at least fifty pounds
  more than her. Everyone knows that the twins are real sluts and will do it
  with boys as well as girls. I don't know what he sees in any of them. I'm at
  my wits end."  
" I need your help in the worst possible way. Can
  you visit us in the next couple of weeks before I go crazy? &hellip;. You can!
  That's great! You're going to bring along a friend to help you straighten out
  your grandson&hellip;That's marvelous! You two will be over this weekend and
  you'll stay until he understands that I'm the boss; that's fantastic! Thank
  you so very much. I can hardly wait to see you both."  
 "You say that she likes women with a little meat
  on their bones, and is very interested in meeting me. That's utterly thrilling!
  God, I'm getting wet just thinking about her. Oh mother, don't be that way.
  You know where my tongue is going first when you two arrive. Perhaps she might
  like to watch or maybe even help me out in getting you off. You know how hard
  it is for me to make you come sometimes. I love you mother, see you soon. "  
 An hour later Tracy went up to see what her son was doing with the girls.
  Billy was on his back with one of the chubby blonde twins sitting on his face.
  She was seated facing his spread legs, shifting her weight to make sure his
  nose stayed buried between her plump cheeks. Tracy watched in fascination as
  Billy's super-long tongue moved up and down her shaven vulva, wetting her labia
  with each pass and bringing a satisfied moan from the girl. " Oh yes baby,
  that's the way to make me feel good. Keep going, I'm a minute or so away from
  another big orgasm. Hope you enjoy clam sauce, cause there's a big load gonna
  come oozing out of my cooze when I get off, " the girl cooed. Her sister and
  the bony, boyish girl who had dyed her bobbed hair a garish shade of red were
  working on his cock and swollen balls, the blonde licking his ball sack while
  the girl suctioned the head of his hard dick like a vacuum cleaner.  
 The twin stopped licking his wet sack long enough
  to say, " Bet we make him come before he gets you off."  
Her sister laughed and replied, " Wanna bet? " The
  skinny girl's head bobbed up and down even faster when she heard the bet being
  made.  
The twin said, " Loser has to eat the winner out
  for an hour while Billy fucks her in the ass. "  
 "You're on." replied her sister.  
 It was close, but the boyish girl managed to bring her son off just seconds
  before the chubby, pimply faced girl get out a loud moan and began frantically
  grinding her wet cunt into Billy's face, cutting off his air for a few moments.
  Tracy took this opportunity to introduce herself to the girls. The twins were
  Gert and Greta, good German stock that would develop into big-breasted plumpers.
  She mused at the thought of having one of these sex machines as her daughter-in-law,
  and then dismissed it as a sick fantasy. The coltish girl was Connie, and the
  hungry look Tracy got indicated that she went both ways. Tracy wondered how
  Connie's tongue would feel going over her cunt and then wiggling its way up
  her asshole. Perhaps she might bed the little bitch at another time and find
  out. Maybe the kid would enjoy taking her big strap-on up her tight little
  cunt, or maybe up her even tighter asshole.  
 To her delight the girls invited her to join them
  and watch while they settled the bet. Tracy went to her room and returned with
  a pair of handcuffs that she used to secure Gert's hands behind her back. Connie
  was already busily refreshing Billy's flaccid cock so that he could ass fuck
  Gert while she ate out her sister. Tracy got on the bed and soon was feeding
  her son a stiff nippled tit as Connie sucked his cock. Once the girl worked
  a knowing finger up Billy's rectum, his boner was fully restored and he was
  ready to slide it between the plump cheeks of Gert.  
 Gert had been slobbering all over her sister's clean-shaven pubes for the
  past fifteen minutes as Billy reamed out her puckered asshole. Tracy was enjoying
  the sight, but couldn't help but notice that Connie was giving her the once-over.
  Tracy was still wearing her panties and thigh high hose. On a whim Tracy decided
  to try to seduce the girl right now.  
 " In case you're wondering I shave my pussy."  
 Connie gave her a grin and answered " I love to
  go down on a woman who has a nice clean cunt; it makes eating pussy so much
  fun. Perhaps you might like me to give you a sample while Billy and the twins
  are occupied. "  
 Tracy grinned broadly and said, " I never thought
  you'd ask. Let's go to my bedroom and get comfortable. I hope you eat pussy
  as good as you suck cock. "  
 " Oh wow, that's so neat! " Connie exclaimed when Tracy rolled down her
  bikini panties to reveal her cunt. A narrow strip of neatly trimmed pubic hair
  outlined her vulva, giving emphasis to her fat labia. " Good enough to eat,
  I hope. " Tracy said with a big smile.  
 " I know I'm gonna want second and maybe even
  third helpings of that box lunch you have ready for me. " Connie said as she
  licked her lips in anticipation. Then she got another surprise as Tracy produced
  another set of handcuffs and motioned for the girl to put her hands behind
  her back.  
 " Oh I think you're planning to take advantage
  of this little innocent teenager Mrs. Lyons, aren't you, you nasty woman. "  
 Tracy clicked the cuffs closed and whispered; " Now
  you are in my power and unless you do exactly as I say, you'll be severely
  punished."  
Connie smiled and said, " I'll be a good girl Mrs.
  Lyons."  
Tracy laughed and said, " I definitely will punish
  you quite severely if that's the case. You had better be a bad girl, a really,
  really bad girl or it will go badly for you. I'll take the strap to that flat
  ass of yours. Perhaps I ought to anyway so that you begin to look like a woman
  instead of a boy. "  
Tracy moaned and wiggled her cunt into a comfortable
  position as the girl began to work on it with her tongue, moving just inside
  the ring of pubic hair and leaving a trail of saliva as she licked and kissed
  the tender fleshy labia prior to entering Tracy's vagina.  
 Tracy came the first time only minutes after Connie's knowing tongue began
  to circle her clit and probe deeper into her vagina. " Oh young lady, you made
  me make a mess. You had better clean it all up before I give you a good spanking.
  In fact I'm going to spank you while you clean it up. Get that skinny ass up
  in the air so I can give it some color while you lick up every drop of that
  gash goo." The girl's ass was a nice uniform red by the time Tracy pronounced
  herself satisfied with the cunt clean up.  
 Once more Connie returned to the task of getting
  the older woman off; this time it took much longer and the girl's face was
  covered with cunt cream from chin to nose before Tracy groaned, clamped her
  thighs around Connie's ears and ground her soaking wet sex slot into the girl's
  face. " Young lady, you are such a slut! Now clean up the mess you made and
  then I'm going to turn over and let you use that tongue on my asshole. Get
  that ass up so I can freshen up that color some more." As Connie sucked up
  Tracy's juices, the woman's hand rose and fell as she spanked the girl's ass
  into a rosy glow once more.  
 The girl had been kissing Tracy's puckered asshole for about five minutes
  when Billy, calling for his supper, interrupted them. " You just wait until
  this little slut girlfriend of yours gets me off." Tracy said as Connie noisily
  suctioned the woman's asshole and probed it with the tip of her tongue. " Go
  back and forth between my pussy and asshole and use lots of tongue." Tracy
  ordered. Billy shrugged and left the bedroom.  
 A few moments later the twins poked their heads
  in and watched in fascination as Connie brought Tracy to a third and the most
  powerful orgasm of the session. They watched with interest as Connie sucked
  up all the cunt sludge that had oozed from Tracy's pouting pussy while her
  asshole had been stimulated by the girl's expert tongue.  
" Wow! I didn't know you were such a lez. Tomorrow
  we're gonna take you to our house and make you do my mom, Gert and me until
  your tongue falls off." Greta said."  
" And we're gonna spank you while you're doin it. " Gert
  added with a giggle.  
 " Want to borrow my handcuffs? " Tracy asked with
  a knowing smile. The girls happily accepted her offer and promised to take
  pictures of the action for her amusement. Secretly she wondered about the twins.
  They must be even dumber than she had first thought if they were unaware of
  their companion's tastes in sex partners. How obvious did Connie have to be
  to make them realize it? Well, she now had that question answered.  
 When Billy announced he had a date that night, Tracy's face clouded up.
  Connie's fast tongue had made her very horny even after three orgasms, and
  she was looking forward to a nice hot beef injection from her son. To let him
  know that she wanted sex, she had served supper wearing only a pair of fresh
  bikini panties that hugged her hips and revealed her pouting pussy through
  the transparent crotch. Promising to give her some cock afterwards, Billy left
  for his date.  
 A frustrated Tracy spent the next few hours watching
  porno tapes and using her vibrator to get off. When Billy got home, his mother
  was in the living room, her eyes glued to the porno tape that was showing a
  middle aged woman taking a cock up her ass while she sucked happily on a second
  one that had just gotten through reaming out her puckered asshole. A vibrator
  was churning away deep inside Tracy's ass and a monstrous dildo modeled after
  some animal's cock stretched her cunt wide. She was holding a pocket rocket
  vibrator against her swollen clit and grunting as orgasm after orgasm rippled
  through her shuddering body.  
 " Gee mom, you started without me, that's no fair.
  I only fucked Betty three times just so I'd have something left for you when
  I got back. Gee, mom, you're really getting out of control. " Billy said as
  he watched his naked mother go off again and again. When his mother failed
  to respond, the boy turned and headed for his bedroom to get some sleep. All
  the fucking he'd done in the last twenty-four hours had made him a little tired.  
 Billy awoke from a sound sleep because his mother was in bed with him, lying
  between his legs and sucking his cock with practiced skill, twirling her tongue
  around the sensitive head of his throbbing dick as she gently squeezed his
  churning balls. " Damn mom! Give me a break; I have to do to school tomorrow.
  Leave me alone and I'll give it to you good tomorrow morning before I leave
  for school." Tracy grunted and began deep throating her son, ignoring his pleas.
  Popping the swollen head from her mouth, she said, " I want you to fuck me
  now! Then I want you to fuck me again tomorrow too. Just lay back and let me
  do all the work." Billy sighed and watched as his mother squatted over his
  rigid rod and guided it into her wet cunt. She slowly lowered her body onto
  his, causing his stiff shaft to disappear into her hungry twat. Soon the bedsprings
  creaked in rhythm with the movement of her body as she bounced up and down
  on his hard tool. Because he had fucked so much in the past day, Billy managed
  to hold out until his mother came with a gasp, a drawn out moan and a shudder
  that shook her entire body. Her cunt gripped his dick in a spasm of lust as
  she rocketed off into orgasm land. Billy waited for a minute or so until she
  got her composure back and then pushed her off of his body as he said, " That's
  all for now mom, I'm beat and need to get some zees. See you in the morning. "  
 Chapter 2  
 Tracy got an incredible pounding as soon as her son woke up and found her
  occupying his bed. He came inside her twice before finally rolling off to go
  to the bathroom. She just lay there feeling his sperm rich cum oozing from
  between her raw swollen cunt lips. Her breasts hurt from the cruel way that
  he handled them while he drove his nine-inch tool into her soft, wet fuck tube.
  It was all worth it for the titanic orgasm that had resulted in the middle
  of the second pile-driving fuck he gave her. Suddenly she thought of his sister,
  Kim, who had left home three years ago when she was only 16. Between her and
  Tracy, they had kept Billy well-fucked and calmed down most of the time. Now
  he was three years older, tremendously strong and had a weapon for a cock.
  She just hoped that her mom and the other woman would put the fear of God into
  her rambunctious son before he screwed her to death. She wondered what that
  would feel like, to be fucked raw and then fucked until she couldn't breathe.
  With a sigh she rolled out of bed and searched for her panties.  
 Billy didn't come home from school at his usual time and Tracy began to
  fret as the minutes went by without his appearance. Just as she was about to
  start making calls to check on his whereabouts, a car pulled up to the front
  of the house and Billy got out rather slowly. Tracy could make out two women
  in the car, both of them in their late 30s to early 40s with dark hair pulled
  back into severe buns. The driver said something to Billy, who nodded his head,
  and then she drove off into the night. Tracy knew something was wrong when
  Billy didn't react to the garter belt that framed the sheer cache-sex she wore
  along with the half-cup sling bra that displayed most of her tits. " Well young
  man, what was it this time? " Tracy asked in a sarcastic tone of voice. Her
  son sighed deeply and replied, " Ms. Forbes kept me after school and then took
  me to her apartment. She and her roommate really wore me out. It was tough
  to get it up for them because they were real ugly and their pussies smelled
  bad. She says I have to do her and her friend every day after school for the
  rest of the week. " Tracy snorted and replied, " We'll see about that! "  
 By the next morning Billy was sufficiently recovered to give Tracy her regular
  morning fucking before going off to school. Tracy spent part of the day making
  some phone calls to the school and finally reached Ms. Forbes. The discussion
  did not go her way. It seems that while they were draining the boy's crankcase,
  flushing out his radiator and cleaning out his fuel injectors he revealed the
  fact that he and his mom were on rather intimate terms. Ms. Forbes was quite
  scandalized by this and strongly urged Tracy to join Billy at her apartment
  this afternoon for a rehabilitation session which probably would take most
  of the night to complete. " This is an offer that you can't refuse Mrs. Lyons.
  You and your son need to discover an alternate life style or things will go
  quite badly for you both. Incest is not something that is tolerated in today's
  society. " Ms. Forbes stated with an evil laugh.  
 It was nearly one in the morning before a totally exhausted Billy and a
  totally frustrated Tracy were driven to their house by the two women who had
  spent the last eight hours sexually abusing the boy and utterly humiliating
  his mother. Tracy had spent the entire time naked with her hands cuffed behind
  her back. When she wasn't eating pussy, she was sucking Billy's cock and swallowing
  all the cum that he produced. Ms. Forbes and Ms. Larson evidently did not believe
  in personal hygiene and it made Tracy's task doubly difficult. On the other
  hand the women were fascinated by Tracy's semi-shaved pussy and spent plenty
  of time stretching her vagina with a variety of large dildoes. Mr. Forbes even
  fisted Tracy into tremendous orgasms on a number of occasions during the session.
  As for her son, when he wasn't being sucked or jacked off, his cock was buried
  to the hilt in their pungent pussies. It was Tracy's job to suck his cum from
  their cunts and swallow it. Perhaps the worst thing that they did to her was
  to collect a jar of Billy's urine and make her drink it. Fortunately they decided
  to wait for another time before having her sample their piss.  
 What terrified Tracy the most was the pictures
  that they took of her sucking off her son and engaging in sex with the two
  women. Ms. Forbes promised that they would only go on the Internet if Tracy
  did something foolish, like go to the authorities at school. To make the evening
  complete, on the way home Tracy was forced to suck Billy while Ms. Larson slowly
  jacked his semi-hard cock in and out of her mouth. The boy hadn't come by the
  time they arrived, so Ms. Forbes parked in front of Tracy's house and waited
  until Billy filled his mother's mouth with another load of his hot, salty cum.
  Her pleas to defer further rehabilitation sessions until her mother's visit
  ended were dismissed by Ms. Forbes, who displayed a greater knowledge of what
  was going on in the Lyons family than Tracy wanted her to have. " You just
  make sure that grandma and her friend keep their hands off of Billy. I'll bet
  money that those two bitches are visiting for only one reason and that's to
  molest this innocent child who you just sucked off. God, what a disgrace to
  motherhood you are! " Ms. Forbes said as Tracy put on her dress before exiting
  from the car.  
The next day Tracy wasted little time in contacting
  her mother and bringing her up to date on what was happening with the teacher
  and her roommate. " This sounds pretty serious my dear, " her mom said. " I
  think you and I ought to pay these two a visit tonight. You take Billy out
  of school this afternoon and make sure that he stays home. You and I will go
  over to their place and confront them. My friend will baby-sit Billy while
  we take care of those two. Then when we're done with that we can all get together
  and start training my grandson."  
Ms Forbes and Tracy's mom hit it off immediately.
  Lucy Dawson at fifty-two was still an awesome woman physically. That coupled
  with her dominant personality made her a woman not to be trifled with. Julia
  Forbes quickly realized that she was out of her league and became quite willing
  to negotiate an arrangement that allowed her to have access to Tracy and her
  son on a limited basis. To seal the deal Lucy and Tracy stripped down and allowed
  the two teachers to handcuff them. " Anything goes until midnight and no hard
  feelings afterward. You two get to give Billy weekly sessions to make sure
  that his rehabilitation is complete. Tracy will also participate in either
  a top or bottom capacity at these sessions. If that's the deal, let the fun
  and games begin." Lucy said as the two teachers licked their lips at the prospect
  of having mother and daughter at their mercy for the next seven and a half
  hours.  
When they weren't eating the teachers' pussies
  they were eating each other while the teachers ass fucked them with long thick
  strap-on dildoes. They gave the teachers lengthy tongue baths, concentrating
  on their unshaven armpits, vulvas, tits, assholes and feet. They were fisted
  for long periods of time. Tracy had frequent orgasms as her cervix was treated
  like a punching bag. Lucy merely grunted as her cunt swallowed half of the
  fister's arm at every thrust. They were given enemas and took turns releasing
  them on each other's face and body while the teachers laughed at their humiliation.
  Their big tits got plenty of attention from the two small-breasted teachers.
  Their nipples were rubbed with ice cubes and then bitten. Their breasts were
  drubbed with knotted hose filled with sugar, covered with heavy-duty paper
  clamps, bagged with rope until they looked like two purple bowling balls, twisted
  until they groaned for mercy and slapped over and over. They took lengthy spankings
  administered by hand at first then with a paddle and finally a leather strap.
  They were given golden showers and forced to drink each other's urine as well
  as all the piss that the teachers could provide, which was considerable because
  they consumed huge quantities of liquids while they worked on their victims.
  But all good things must come to an end, and promptly at midnight they were
  freed and allowed to clean up before departing. " That was some workout you
  gave us. I know that Billy will be in good hands after this demonstration.
  Perhaps you might want to visit me sometime and let me show you what I can
  dish out. " Lucy said as they took their leave. The teachers laughed and promised
  to think about it.  
 TAMING BILLY  
Chapter 3  
When they got home the lights were still on in
  the kitchen. Tracy let out a scream when she saw who was standing by the refrigerator
  wearing only a pair of bikini panties. " Oh my God! I can't believe it! It's
  Kim!" Tracy gasped.  
 " In the flesh mom. It's been a long while. I
  was just taking a break from catching up on old times with brother Billy." The
  girl replied.  
 " Based on that cum soaked crotch I'd say you
  were doing a little more than talking" Lucy observed.  
 Kim grinned and patted the damp fabric. " I just
  got tired of douching after every other load like you suggested grandma. Billy
  hasn't lost any of his horniness and his cock is sure a lot bigger; so after
  a few hours I just said the hell with it and let him fill me up. You should
  see the sheets if you think this is anything."  
 " Where is your brother? " Lucy asked.  
 The girl gave her a mischievous grin and replied, " I
  think the last blowjob I gave him put him to sleep for a while. To tell the
  truth I was hoping you'd get back before I nodded off. In fact I was hoping
  that mom and I might curl up in bed and have a nice long girl to girl talk."  
 Lucy laughed and said, " What about me? "  
Kim grinned even more broadly and said, " I was
  kind of hoping that you might take the early morning shift with your grandson
  while mom and I get better acquainted. "  
 Tracy hugged her daughter and then gave her a
  kiss that was definitely not motherly. Kim responded by pushing her tongue
  deep into her mom's mouth and holding it in place as Tracy sucked passionately
  on it. When they broke for air, Kim said, " I guess I better douche, right
  mom? "  
Tracy smiled and replied, " It doesn't really matter
  now that I've acquired a taste for your brother's cum."  
Kim watched as her mother stripped. " Mom, you
  look good enough to eat," the girl said with a twinkle in her eye.  
 " I sincerely hope so. " Tracy answered, as she
  unhooked her bra.  
 Kim clucked as she saw the teeth marks covering
  her mother's big breasts. "Looks like someone got a bit carried away tonight," she
  said.  
Tracy smiled and replied, " You might say that.
  Those two teachers really put your grandmother and I through our paces. I'm
  sore all over. "  
 "I'll kiss the boo-boos and make them all well
  again," her daughter promised with a broad grin and a wiggle of her tongue
  for emphasis. Kim gasped when she saw Tracy's swollen cunt. " Gosh mom, you
  weren't kidding! It looks like they really spent plenty of time on that pretty
  pussy of yours. Come over here and let me make it all better." Kim whispered
  as she crooked her finger.  
They had been going at it for nearly an hour without
  so much as a minute's rest. Kim's tongue had worked its magic on every square
  inch of her mother's vulva and then had wiggled its way into the woman's vagina
  and began to feast on the cunt sludge it produced. Meanwhile Tracy had sucked
  on the soaked crotch of her daughter's bikinis to suction every drop of her
  son's cum from the girl's hot young cooze. When they finally came up for air,
  Tracy peeled off her daughter's soaked bikinis, and then went down on her clean-shaven
  pubes while Kim brought her up to date on her adventures since leaving home.  
" I'd been planning to leave for a few months so
  I started to put out for a few older guys who had money. One of them also got
  me a fake set of ID and the name of a friend of his that lived back on the
  East Coast. I took a bus cross-country and contacted the guy. He gave me a
  job as a nude dancer and also hooked me up to do some nude modeling. Naturally
  I had plenty of chances to make extra money by putting out for the customers,
  which I did on a number of occasions."  
 As Kim continued to describe her life as a part-time
  whore, nude model and dancer, Tracy sucked out a combination of her son's cum
  and her daughter's cunt cream from the teen's vagina. The girl's hips began
  to rotate and she pushed her slimy snatch into her mother's face as her orgasm
  came closer and closer. When Kim came she nearly suffocated her mother as her
  thighs clamped around the woman's head and a stream of cunt juice flooded her
  mouth and nose, preventing her from breathing. It was the first of many orgasms
  that Kim would have this night.  
 A couple of orgasms later when Kim was describing her life as an amateur
  porno star; they took a break to freshen up. As they passed by Billy's room,
  they peeked in and got a glimpse of Lucy straddling the boy as he pumped his
  hard cock into her cunt. After freshening up, they stood in front of the bathroom
  mirror and fondled each other's breasts.  
 " These are a lot bigger than I remember " Tracy
  said as she hefted her daughter's firm knockers and tweaked their hard nipples.  
Kim ran her nails across her mother's tits and
  enjoyed the shudder they produced in the woman. " I'm a tweener now, too big
  for a C-cup but too small for a D. So I wear a C-cup half bra that gives them
  a lift and makes them really bouncy when I walk. That drives the guys crazy' " she
  said, now gently squeezing her mother's stiff nippled titties.  
" Let's go back to bed. You're making me wet and
  I want to go down on that sweet pussy of yours some more. " Tracy whispered
  as she pressed her lips to her daughter's firm breasts. On the way back to
  the bedroom, they couldn't resist looking in on Billy who was on top of his
  grandmother making the bedsprings creak as he pounded away on her.  
 After a lengthy session of sixty-nine that produced a number of mutually
  satisfying orgasms, Tracy settled herself between her daughter's thighs and
  began kissing her cunt lips as Kim resumed her story.  
 " I met a guy who was working for a porno producer.
  He said the money wasn't great, but he often got to fuck some really hot women.
  I took him up on his offer to recommend me to the guy and a week later I made
  my first porno. It was kind of fun and I got paid a hundred bucks. The guy
  liked me and started to use me regularly. I made about fifty pornos in the
  next year and most of the time it was fun. I worked with men and women too.
  I liked to work with women; they knew how to make me feel real good. Lots of
  times I would go home with the woman I had worked with and really tear up the
  sheets. It was then that I realized I was bisexual."  
 Kim groaned as her mother's tongue probed her
  puckered asshole. " I love that; don't stop, push it in deeper." Kim whispered.
  To Tracy's astonishment, her daughter had a massive orgasm a few minutes later
  because of the rimming she was getting from her mother.  
 After another hour of almost continuous sixty-nine that resulted in many
  orgasms, they took a break to give their tongues a rest. Kim and her mother
  lay side-by-side French kissing, their fingers probing each other's cunt trying
  to find the g-spot and really send its owner out of this world. " God mother,
  if you had only been more open to sex when I was living with you, I'd have
  never left." Kim said, her middle finger sliding in and out of her mother's
  musky warm, wet channel.  
 " Darling, at that time neither you or I had any
  idea of how much pleasure we could get from being with a woman; not only that,
  neither of us would have been capable of dealing with a mother-daughter relationship
  like this. " Tracy answered, running her fingernails over Kim's stiff nipples,
  bringing a groan of ecstasy from the teen.  
 " God mom! We've soaked the sheets. I'll bet by
  tomorrow the mattress will smell like its stuffed with fish." Kim exclaimed
  as she rolled into a wet spot.  
 " I guess I'll have to get some rubber sheets
  to protect the mattress. " Tracy mused.  
 Kim laughed and said, " Don't forget the handcuffs
  you kinky woman. "  
 "Speaking of handcuffs, you should have seen me
  and mother being worked over by those two teachers. Now what they did to us
  and made us do to each other was kinky with a capital K. " Tracy added.  
 Kim continued her story and recounted that once she actually was eighteen
  she went back to the West Coast to try her hand at being a professional porn
  star. " I made about a dozen pornos in a month and did it all from girl-girl,
  which I loved, to anal, which was a pain in the ass, if you'll pardon the pun.
  I quit after that and started stripping for a living."  
"I toured all over the West and even as far as
  Texas. The money was good, but the travel was murder and the fans were just
  like the ones I had when I was sixteen. All they wanted in most cases was a
  shot at my pussy. A few actually got me to do them for a price, a big price.
  One of them paid me five thousand dollars for an entire day, and I earned my
  money. He fucked me up the ass four times and when I wasn't sucking his cock
  or rimming him, he was seeing how deep he could get his fist into my cunt.
  Another guy spanked me until my ass was scarlet and then slapped my tits until
  they were as red as my ass. At least he didn't want to fuck me up the ass,
  but he made up for it by making me do all the work when we fucked. Then about
  a month ago I found myself close to home and so I looked up your mom and the
  rest is history. "  
Tracy laughed and replied," You can't stop now,
  just when you've gotten to the best part of your story. Talk you little brat
  or things will go badly for you once I regain my strength."  
 Tracy moaned softly as her daughter's tongue twirled around inside of her
  armpit, adding another coating of saliva to the sensitive flesh before resuming
  its journey across Tracy's breasts, with a long stop at each nipple; then diving
  into her other armpit to feast on it. Kim's fingers were also busy probing
  her mother's juicy cunt, sometimes as many as four digits were moving in and
  out of the musky maw, drawing more cunt sludge from it to feed Tracy.  
 " God, my own mother, seducing my daughter; who
  would believe it. My own mother, getting her granddaughter drunk so she could
  molest her. My own mother teaching my daughter all manner of perverted tricks
  in order to enslave me; who would have believed it. Oh my God! I'm going to
  come!" Even after over a dozen orgasms Tracy still had enough energy to twitch,
  spasm, quake, quiver and tremble as she spurted clam sauce all over her daughter's
  fingers that still tickled her slimy slit. They kissed passionately and rolled
  apart just long enough to catch a breath. Kim suggested another trip to the
  little girls room to clean up before resuming their all night orgy. Lucy and
  Billy were still going at it as they passed their bedroom, which smelled of
  sweat, semen, and cunt sludge. On the way back they peeked in and saw Lucy
  sucking the young stud off.  
 Kim started teasing her mother about being Billy's bitch and got an earful
  for her comments. " About three weeks after you left he barged into my bedroom
  one night and proceeded to fuck my brains out. I think you might call it rape
  or forced incest. Either way I was filled with so much cum I thought it would
  run out my ears. Then Billy explained to me that you were providing him with
  a steady diet of pussy and he didn't know who else to get it from than me,
  his mom. What was a mother to do? I hadn't had any sex for almost six months,
  and that wasn't so great either. The rest, as they say, is history. So don't
  you give me a hard time about Billy, most of his behavior is your fault and
  I think you should be punished for that. In fact, I'm going to talk to mother
  about you as soon as I've had a good night's sleep. Now I would suggest that
  you put that talented tongue of yours back to work so I can relax and get some
  sleep." Tracy said with a wink and an affectionate squeeze of Kim's breast.  
 The teen happily obliged using her talented tongue, soft lips, sharp teeth
  and warm, wet mouth to bring the woman to not one, but two orgasms. After the
  second climax, her face was covered with gash goo from the grinding of Tracy's
  vulva against it as she came intensely. Just before she nodded off to sleep
  Tracy made sure that Kim would be responsible for getting Billy off to school
  on time. " You can sleep all day because Billy's going to visit the teachers
  for another training session after school. He doesn't know that yet, but I'll
  call them this afternoon and let them know this is the last time they can do
  anything they want to him. Then when they drop his worn out body off, guess
  who'll be waiting for him, fresh and raring to go? Yes, his mom, grandma and
  sister, ready to start showing him who's the boss. Now why don't you go and
  help your grandmother fuck the life out of my son. " Tracy said as she drifted
  off to sleep.  
Chapter 4  
 It was early in the afternoon before the trio assembled in the kitchen to
  have coffee and discuss their plans for Billy. " I hope you won't mind, but
  Billy won't be home until tomorrow morning and he'll probably not be in any
  condition to give us the kind of service that he provided most recently. It
  seems that the teachers have a number of lady friends that have offered to
  take Billy off their hands once they've had their fun with him. So he'll be
  taken to a house where at least half a dozen sexually frustrated spinsters
  will be waiting for him. He'll be picked up the next morning, probably closer
  to noon, and then delivered here." Tracy announced.  
 Lucy was quick to respond, " Perhaps that is a
  blessing because that randy young son of yours did some serious exercising
  of my cunt and I'll need the time to recover. On top of that my daughter has
  seen fit to ignore her obligations when it comes to satisfying her mother.
  She obviously was much more attracted to a younger woman with a firmer body
  than mine."  
Tracy winced at these remarks, not having any excuse
  to offer to her mother. " I think mother is right, I have been selfish. Can
  I possibly make it up to you today and especially tonight? " Tracy asked.  
 Lucy smiled and nodded.  
" What about me? " Kim chimed in.  
 Lucy grinned and said, " I expect you to assist
  your mother with her duties. I think that would be most fitting since in all
  likelihood you seduced your poor mother rather than the other way around. I
  know how weak that daughter of mine is."  
 Kim grinned broadly and said, " When do we start? "  
 To make sure that her every wish was their command, Lucy handcuffed them
  once they had stripped down. The three of them then adjourned to the master
  bedroom. Lucy stretched out on the bed and ordered them to begin giving her
  a tongue bath. " Start on my feet and go up. Woe to the one who misses a spot."  
She lay back and enjoyed the sensation of two soft
  tongues and four warm lips worshiping her body. Her inner thighs were covered
  with love bites before those knowing mouths made contact with her vulva, which
  was already dripping from the delicious sensations she had been experiencing.
  One set of lips kissed up and down one side of her fat-lipped cunt, while the
  other set worked their magic on the opposite side of her drooling snatch. Their
  tongues met at her fat clitoris and she gasped and moaned in the throes of
  passion as they brought her to one climax after another. When the two tongues
  both entered her vagina at the same time Lucy spasmed into a titanic orgasm
  that left her weak. " You two work very well together, it must be in the blood." Lucy
  gasped as she enjoyed the soft kisses that her labia and clit were receiving.  
 They made another very long stop at Lucy's heavy breasts, sucking love marks
  into the pillow-like flesh as she moaned with delight. Her nipples were licked
  and sucked until they were as hard as stone; then they were bitten until Lucy
  took off into climax country once more. They feasted on the sensitive flesh
  of her armpits, licking, kissing, sucking and nibbling as Lucy thrashed about
  as she neared another tremendous orgasm. They spent what seemed like hours
  on her super-sensitive throat, neck and ears, bringing her to not one but two
  gigantic body shaking climaxes that left her limp. As she recovered, they took
  turns giving her deep French kisses, taking turns at pushing their hot, wet
  tongues deep into her mouth as she turned her head from one side to the other
  to allow both of them access to her lips and open mouth.  
 " God, that was great! " Lucy gasped. " You two
  are my star pupils and to think that young Kim will only get better as she
  learns more, and Tracy and I will teach her. Day and night, especially night,
  we will teach her the art of pleasuring a woman. " Further talk was cut off
  as Kim and Tracy assaulted her mouth with their tongues and lips.  
 Another blissful hour had passed for Lucy as Kim and Tracy concentrated
  on her flip side. They had left a trail of kisses, love bites and saliva from
  the soles of her feet to her plump buttocks. For the next half hour they worshipped
  her broad bottom, moving closer and closer to her puckered asshole. Kim made
  the first assault on her tight sphincter, trying to loosen the tough muscle
  with her probing tongue. She gave way to her mother who corkscrewed her wet
  tongue a little deeper into Lucy's anus. The older woman sighed and spread
  her cheeks to give them easier access to her winking butt hole.  
Kim straddled her body and positioned herself above
  the cleft in Lucy's big ass; while Tracy nestled between her mother's bite
  covered thighs and attacked her from the bottom. She also had access to her
  mother's dripping snatch and made the most of her opportunity. It was orgasm
  time for Lucy. She came and then she came again. When the two love slaves tried
  to move on she commanded them to remain and to satisfy her some more. Two more
  orgasms occurred before they were allowed to resume their journey up her trembling
  body.  
 All good things must ultimately come to an end. Her daughter and granddaughter
  licking and kissing the sides of her throat and probing her ears with their
  warm, wet tongues induced Lucy's final orgasm. Compared to some of the climaxes
  she'd experienced during this body worshipping session, it was average. However
  when one realized that this was perhaps the twentieth, it was a tribute to
  her expertise as a teacher of the Sapphic arts.  
" Are you two thirsty? " Lucy asked rather innocently.
  Tracy, who had already drunk her mother's urine at the teachers' place, knew
  what was coming. Poor Kim took the bait quickly. Tracy caught her mother's
  eyes as they were being marched towards the bathroom, and grimaced. Lucy merely
  gave her a knowing grin.  
 Kim and Tracy knelt on the tiled floor, their eyes fixed on the jar that
  was filling with Lucy's golden piss. Kim was frowning, while her mother had
  a look of resignation on her face.  
 " I hope there's enough here for the both of you." She
  said as the stream began to subside.  
Tracy drank first, downing a little bit less than
  half of the jar's contents.  
 " Bottoms up Kim." Lucy said with a smile. Kim
  took a deep breath, and then began to drink the contents of the jar as Lucy
  held it to her lips.  
" Taste good? " She cooed as Kim downed the warm
  urine. " I was going to give you two an enema, but you did such a fine job
  in the bedroom that I've decided to set you free. I do however expect more
  of that wonderful treatment in the days that follow, not to mention the nights.
  Now let's discuss strategy for converting my grandson into a model sex slave
  for us all."  
 "By the time the teachers drop him off tomorrow, about noon is my guess,
  they and their friends will have worn him to a frazzle. I can't help but figure
  that there will be at least half a dozen frustrated spinsters working on that
  boy's cock for nearly an entire day, and I know they won't give him any rest.
  I told the teachers to give him a few uppers after they're done with him, and
  then give him a few more when they pick him up. I think they intend to take
  a short detour to their place for a final fuck and I just know they'll want
  him ready, willing and able to satisfy them one more time."  
 "When he drags his sorry ass into the house I want Tracy to play the part
  of the angry mother and tell him his ass is grass. That's where Kim and I come
  in. We'll try to argue you out of punishing Billy, but you'll hold fast, and
  we'll finally agree to help you discipline him. We'll make him strip down and
  put the cuffs on him. Then we'll take him into the bathroom for some water
  sports."  
" I think it would be lots of fun to give him a
  big enema, plug his asshole and then jerk him off. I wonder what will happen
  when he comes? I wonder if he can come? We'll soon find out. If he can, then
  we do it to him again, only this time he gets a bigger enema and he has to
  hold it even longer. To help him pass the time we'll let him eat our pussies
  and rim our assholes. I wonder if we can make him drink our piss? I'll bet
  we can. Naturally he won't have anything to say when we piss all over him."  
" After that the fun begins. During the day we'll
  all work on him, alone or in combinations. At night one of us will always be
  keeping him occupied until the sun comes up. If necessary we'll do him in shifts
  if one woman is not enough to handle him. He'll get no food and only our piss
  to drink. I'll make sure he gets plenty of uppers and a Viagra every four hours
  until his cock either goes limp or falls off."  
" Around midweek I have a special treat for him.
  I want to see if being bisexual is a family trait or just reserved for the
  women. I've invited a number of my gay friends over to work on Billy around
  the clock for one day, no holds barred. If he still gets it up then, we'll
  know that my grandson goes both ways and that could make things even more enjoyable
  in the future. To make it easier for the boy I want all of us to take every
  opportunity to use our strapons to loosen up his asshole."  

TAMING BILLY  

	

					Part 3



	All of Lucy's plans went out the window when she got a call from a very
upset Julia Forbes, who informed her that there had been a serious breakdown in
communication and poor Billy had been its victim. Thirty minutes later she stood
at the front door and explained to the three women that Billy was so hurt that
he was unable to walk. Room for her car was made in the garage and it was there
that Lucy, Tracy and Kim saw the damage that had been done to the teenaged boy.


	Lucy slapped Ms. Forbes across the face a number of times in a cold
fury, promising her that she would pay dearly for this matter. Meanwhile Kim and
Tracy dragged Adele Larson from the car and overpowered her. The teacher's dress
was torn to shreds and used to bind her hands behind her back. Julia Forbes
received the same treatment. With the teachers subdued, the women turned their
attention to the boy.

	His cock was swollen to twice its size and covered with teeth marks. A
black ring alternating with purplish cuts ran around the base of the boy's
prong. The head was scarlet and oozing a viscous liquid from its tip. Another
black ring circled the region just below his dripping cock head. His balls were
so swollen that they merged into a single blue-black mass of flesh. Blood seeped
from dozens of places on his cock. For one of the few times in the last months,
the terrible treatment he'd received had left him with a limp dick.

 	" What have these bitches done to my son! " exclaimed Tracy. There was
no answer to her cry. "

	Kim gasped, and cried out, as she caught sight of her brother's asshole.
The boy's asshole gaped wide and part of his rectum was protruding from the
swollen, blood stained ring of flesh.

	 " What did those monsters do to my son! " roared Tracy.

 	Julia began to blubber, and in a low voice said, " They told me they
took turns fucking him up the ass with strap-ons, then dildoes and finally they
put an inflatable one up his asshole and used a pump to expand it. When they
tried to yank it out, that's when they turned his asshole inside out. They were
only doing this because they were so pissed off that he couldn't get it up for
them anymore."

	Lucy slapped Julia across the face over and over as Kim held the woman
in a chokehold and slowly squeezed the breath from her body. For the rest of
that evening and well into the next morning Julia and her roommate paid a
terrible price for the damage that had been done to Billy. The trio of outraged
women was merciless. Once the teachers' car had been moved to the driveway to
free up space in the garage the two teachers, gagged with their own panties,
were strung up by their wrists from the ceiling beams.  While Tracy made sure
that her brutalized son was made comfortable for the night, her mother and
daughter started in on the helpless pair.

	 Lucy found a broom handle leaning against the wall and used it to
punish Julia's naked body. Kim, in turn, spotted a rounded length of curtain rod
and was soon tearing into the flesh of Ms. Larson. By the time Tracy joined
them, both teachers' bodies already bore deep welts and bruises of various
colors from the vicious hits they had taken. Her mom had been concentrating her
attack on the midsection and thighs of Ms. Forbes, landing blows on her jutting
hipbones, skinny thighs and bony kneecaps that forced muffled screams from the
brunette each time a particularly vicious hit landed. Kim seemed to be
determined to cut Adele Larson's sagging ass into raw hamburger. The metal rod
bit deep into the woman's pebbled flesh as the girl flailed away in a blind
rage. Soon Kim had to rest her arm, but she was so infuriated that she dropped
the rod and dug her nails into the teacher's blistered flesh and raked bloody
furrows down her swollen cheeks causing the woman to writhe in agony.

	"OK Daughter, now it's my turn. Let me have that curtain rod, there's
still plenty of places on that bitch that aren't bleeding yet." Tracy announced.
It was going to be a very long night for the teachers.

	Even with one of them always resting up for another round it became
obvious that the trio needed to get some sleep now that the initial adrenaline
rush had worn off. Tracy however was determined that the pair would not have any
rest.

	" Daughter, hold that cunt's lips apart, I want to put my broom handle
some place where I can find it easy tomorrow when I start up on these two
again."

	Adele's scream could be clearly heard even through her gag as the wooden
handle was viciously jammed deep into her cunt. Lucy grinned at her
daughter,Tracy, and nodded her head in satisfaction.

	"That's a damn fine idea you have, let's see if Julia here can hold my
curtain rod. You can never tell about these bisexual types, sometimes their
assholes are too worn out to hold even a redwood trunk." As she spoke her arm
drove the narrow rounded metal rod into the teacher's puckered starfish. "I'll
be damned if it didn't stick! I guess old Julia isn't getting much of anything
these days. We'll soon fix that starting tomorrow."

	Unfortunately it was the beginning of Spring break, which meant that the
teachers would be at the mercy of the family for the rest of the week. The next
morning Julia was forced to drive her car back to her place, accompanied by Kim,
and trailed by Lucy who would provide transportation to get them all back to the
house. Kim and her grandmother also took the opportunity to liberate a number of
toys from the teachers' place, many of them having been used on Lucy and Tracy
during their session here. Meanwhile Tracy checked up on the condition of her
son who was still in a deep sleep. She was dismayed to find that he still was
limp and she took out her irritation on Adele Larson. By the time everyone
returned, Tracy had worked up a sweat beating the teacher with her fists,
splitting her lip, blackening one eye and leaving her face covered in bruises.

	Once Julia joined Adele in the garage, naked and hanging by her wrists,
the trio held a meeting in the kitchen to plan out the day's activities. Kim and
Lucy were quite upset at the report on Billy's condition, and could barely
control themselves. It was Tracy who pointed out that at the rate they were
going the two teachers would be out of commission before the end of the day. She
naturally caught good natured ribbing from the other two for her behavior
earlier. Lucy finally got everybody focused on coming up with ideas that would
create lots of pain and suffering, but would minimize the physical damage to
their captives. It took them less than half an hour to come up with a list that
would keep the teachers occupied for the better part of the next couple of days.

	The great majority of the action took place in either the bathroom or
the bedroom just off it. Only once were the teachers returned to the garage for
a little freshening of their welts and cuts. The size of the bathroom was such
that no more than three people at a time could be accommodated. This created
some logistical problems since most of the items on their punishment list
required access to the bathroom. They decided to separate the teachers, one in
the bathroom and the other in the bedroom. So during that day the teachers were
mostly shuttled back and forth between these two rooms.

	To start things off they had a blind drawing to see which of the
teachers would go into the bathroom where a bulging enema bag and a butt plug
awaited. Both had their hands tied tightly behind their backs and been hobbled
with short lengths of scratchy rope. A single pubic hair was plucked from each
of their captives, and the longer one, belonging to Adele, gave her free passage
into the tiled torture chamber. While Tracy and Kim administered a three quart
beauty to Adele, consisting of cold carbonated soda and liquid detergent with a
cupful of finely ground coffe beans for body, Lucy was introducing her companion
to the joys of fisting. By the time the butt plug was inserted into Adele, Julia
was easily accepting Lucy's arm half way up to the elbow. Fortunately for the
neighbors, Lucy had taken great care to muffle the screams that were induced by
this treatment. The teachers' eyes popped in disbelief as they observed each
other. Adele's belly hung over her hairy pubes, and she could only waddle due to
the imbalance that the contents of her twisted intestines created. She in turn
could clearly make out the outline of Lucy's clenched fist within the well
stretched cunt of her friend.

	Lucy made her captive kneel at the foot of the bed and begin to lick and
suck her feet as she relaxed while Julia took her filling. Adele groaned and
gasped as the contents of her enema worked away inside her intestines. Lucy
smiled at her discomfort and warned her that once the butt plug was out she'd be
wishing she was dead. Adele remained unconvinced. Once the teacher finished
coating Lucy's feet with a thick layer of saliva, making sure that even the
space between her toes received the proper amount of attention, she was
instructed to move her attentions to Lucy's pussy. It was difficult for the
bloated woman to get herself properly situated, and she had been licking Lucy's
fat cunt lips for no more than a few minutes when they were interrupted by the
arrival of Julia accompanied by a grinning Kim and Tracy. The woman's gut was
bulging and she was in obvious discomfort. Somehow they had managed to force
even more of that nasty solution into her and it showed.

	Kim wanted Julia to do some serious pussy eating on her smooth shaved
mound while her companions emptied Adele and started in on giving her the first
of a number of very irritating douches. Adele should have known there was a
reason for them gagging her before the butt plug was removed from between her
clenched ass cheeks. They had made her stand in the shower stall, and just
before Kim yanked the bung free, the cold water was turned on. The initial shock
of it was soon overwhelmed by the agony associated with the finely ground coffee
beans tearing away at the lining of her intestines and worse still her rectal
area as the enema surged from her. The rushing water and the gag did an
effective job of taking care of the screams that welled up inside her throat.
The two women watched with pleasure as a pink foamy substance bubbled from her
spasming colon and was quickly washed away in the torrent of cold water that
pounded down on her naked body. She offered no resistance when they dragged her
from the shower and stretched her shivering body out on the floor.

	Lucy decided that Adele should finish eating her out before she got her
douche and so she dropped her juicing cunt on the helpless teacher's face and
ordered her to start eating or take a whipping instead. Adele's tongue went into
overdrive in no time at all. While the teacher slobbered and sucked, Tracy took
the opportunity to see if she could get her fist up the woman's cunt.  It took
some doing , but she was successful. Lucy let out a whoop when her daughter's
fist popped through the ring of muscle guarding Adele's cunt. " What a rush she
just gave me! Whatever you did, do it again! " Lucy gasped. Tracy grinned and
pulled her slimy fist free of the teacher's fuck pit. She silently counted to
five and then rammed it full force into Adele, bringing another whoop from Lucy.

	The douche proved to be a big success. Tracy claimed it was the secret
ingredient she added, namely a pinch of the stuff she used to open her kitchen
drain when it got clogged. Whatever did it, Adele was thrashing around on the
floor of the bathroom trying to find some way to rub her burning cunt despite
her bonds. They watched the action for a few minutes commenting that the gag was
a good idea or they might be trying to explain all the noise to their neighbors.
Finally they took pity on the teacher and jammed a hose up her cunt and washed
out the fiery stuff.

	Since Kim was still busy enjoying Julia's fast tongue probing her
asshole, they decided that Adele should get a good old fashioned spanking just
to remind her that she was far from being out of the woods. They took turns
giving her flat ass a dozen hard smacks, and after three rotations her butt was
crimson from top to bottom. By then Julia had managed to satisfy Kim
sufficiently that she allowed them to take her away so she could void the enema
that was rearranging her intestines. Kim and Tracy exchanged places since the
girl wanted to see what happened when Julia dumped that big enema she was
carrying and Tracy wanted to find out how far up Adele's cunt she could get her
fist.

	By midafternoon the two teachers had been bloated to their limits with a
number of enemas, all very painful to hold and even more painful to void. Their
cunts were gaping from the hours of steady fisting they had endured from their
three captors. Their lips and tongues were sore from the amount of pussy
worshipping they had been required to perform. Kim had even forced Julia to
spend nearly a half hour tonguing her butt hole. Both had been given a number of
over the lap spankings that left their asses swollen and tender to the touch.
The douching had made the fisting they endured very more agonizing as the lining
of their twats had nearly been stripped away from the harsh chemicals that were
used to make the douches that were squeezed into them.

	The teachers were given some time to recover, but warned that there was
plenty of new torments waiting for them once they were properly rested. Lucy and
her brood made believers out of their captives. They took them out to the garage
and proceeded to beat the tar out of them with straps. They laid the leather to
them from neck to ankles and every place in between with emphasis on their
tender butts, sensitive tits and gaping cunts that were beaten until they looked
like a baboon's ass. It was Tracy who suggested that they tightly cinch the
small breasts of their victims with rope so that they would swell and become
easier targets for the whipping that would follow once other parts of their
anatomy had been decorated to everyone's satisfaction. The trio took a break for
drinks and dinner, leaving the two well striped teachers to hang from their
bonds and wonder what new torments awaited them later.

	Billy was showing signs of recovering from his terrible ordeal. He was
still unable to get around without assistance, but he was eating normally. Kim
could not resist seeing how his damaged cock was responding, so she showed up in
his room wearing only a pair of sheer bikinis and a big smile. Billy responded
in typical fashion for about thirty seconds, and then a wave of pain washed over
him as his growing erection reopened some of his wounds. Seeing her brother in
such pain only made Kim more determined than ever to take revenge on their
captives, and even more importantly the women directly responsible for his
injuries.

	She made a bee line for the garage and in less time than it takes to
tell she started in on them again, this time using the curtain rod. It took Lucy
and Tracy a few minutes to realize what was going on and by the time they poked
their heads in Kim had worked up a good sweat and both teachers had some nasty
fresh welts. It took a minute or so for them to calm the girl down sufficiently
that they could get the rod out of her hands. When she explained what had
happened in Billy's room, they hugged her and promised that soon as they took
care of current business, they'd be focusing their energies on evening things up
with those responsible for abusing poor Billy.

	Since it already had been a long day, and there still were a few things
they hadn't gotten around to yet, Lucy suggested that they move the teachers
into her bedroom for the night. "I know you and Tracy have lots of catching up
to do so I'll watch these two tonight" Lucy volunteered. However she insisted
that their captives be tied into a sixty-nine position so she could be lulled to
sleep by the sounds of tongues lapping away on cunts. She made it a point to
warn the two that if she heard any slacking off of their enthusiasm for each
other's pussy, she'd lay the leather to them both no matter who was at fault.
Just before turning in for the night Lucy made the rounds. She tucked her
grandson in, promising him a treat tomorrow if he could get it up without
hurting himself. Next she paused by the door to Tracy's bedroom and smiled as
she heard the moans and sighs signaling that those two were really going at it.
Lucy had to admit that young Kim was the answer to an old lady's wet dreams, and
wondered if there was any chance she and that hot bundle of fuckmeat could get
together on something like a regular basis again. She was very pleased that when
she returned to her room the two teachers had developed a good head of steam.
The sound of wet tongues working on wetter flesh had the desired effect and Lucy
drifted off to sleep.

	She awoke to the sounds of enthusiastic lips smacking against juicy
cunts. Those two were really going strong, and Lucy wondered if they had taken
any time to sleep during the night. All the noise they were making began to get
a little on her nerves and she shouted for them to knock off their disgusting
activities, to use her words. Her full bladder forced her from bed and she
sleepily padded toward the bathroom. Suddenly she made an abrupt detour to the
kitchen and rummaged around in the cupboards until she came up with a stash of
wide mouthed mason jars. She squatted over one and let loose a powerful stream
of aromatic piss that soon filled the jar. Still not completely relieved she
half filled a second one. It was a naked, grinning granny who barged in on her
offspring to discover them going at it as if they had discovered that their
pussies were made of filet mignon, USDA prime of course.

	"Knock that off! I'm the senior member of this damned family and even
those two teachers are getting more pussy than I am." Lucy shouted.

	Kim who was currently on top of her mom, her head buried between the
woman's firm thighs, looked up, her face coated with the sticky residue of cunt
juice that had been flooding from Tracy's cunt for who knew how long. With a
mischievous grin she said, "Sounds as if someone had a bad night. What happened,
did those nasty old ladies keep you awake with all their noise? Mom and I never
heard a thing the entire night, perhaps because we were too busy to notice."

	Lucy shut her mouth, but she was picturing Kim's juicy and juicing pussy
spraying and spurting all over her face and tits. Damn, she wanted to get her
hands on those perfect tits and cover them with love bites as she stretched
those stiff nipples until the girl begged for her to fuck her hard with her huge
strap-on dildo. Lucy had to shut her eyes a couple of times before her fantasy
disappeared. Then she let Tracy and Kim in on her idea concerning the use of the
mason jars. By the time the teachers were released and ordered to pee into jars,
there were already four full ones cooling in the refrigerator.

	From the looks of them, it appeared that their captives had spent the
major portion of the night and early hours of the morning enjoying the taste of
each other's cunt and delivering as much pussy juice as they were getting. There
was cunt juice all over their faces, especially around their mouths, of course,
and some had even gotten into their hair and made its way down between their
tits. Their lips were swollen from applying hour after hour of suction to the
cunt smothering their respective faces.

	Julia and Adele started to get very nervous when they were taken out to
the garage and hung by their wrists, with their legs spread wide and anchored to
the ring bolts in the cement floor. The prospect of enduring another brutal
beating made them quake. It didn't help matters when Lucy produced a couple of
long, thick dildoes and worked them deep into their cunts, while Kim noosed
their tits with cord and used it to yank them apart and stretch the small bags
of tit flesh almost into their armpits. Then the women left to eat breakfast,
leaving their captives to stew in their own juices and imagine what terrible
things were going to happen to them once the trio returned.




						Taming Billy


						   Part 4



	Kim decided to take a look in on Billy, and found him awake and hungry,
a very good sign. She went downstairs and loaded up a plate of food for her
brother, telling her mom and granny to get busy on the teachers without her.
They didn't need a second invitation to start making those two accessories to
Billy's pain and suffering pay some more for their part in that crime.

	Kim sat on the bed watching Billy demolish the small mountain of food
she'd brought him. She took a chance and brought up the matter concerning what
exactly had happened to him during his terrible ordeal. At first the boy was
kind of reluctant, but once he got going, the words just gushed out of him.

	"There were six of them, all kind of old. Most had gray hair, a couple
were bleached blondes, they looked so phony. Half of them were real skinny and
the other half were kind of fat. A couple of the fat ones had huge tits, but one
of the skinny ones, who turned out to be super mean, had a nice set of fake
boobs that her last boyfriend gave her for a present. As soon as I was inside
the house they got my clothes off me in no time flat. Then one of the fat ones
put my hands behind my back and cuffed me. I started getting nervous when that
happened."

	"The whole bunch of them started pawing me; they pinched my butt, my
cheeks, one grabbed my dick and started stroking it, another one was playing
with my balls. I stumbled around trying to get away, but there were too many of
them. They shoved me up against the wall and one of them got down on her knees
and started sucking my dick for all she was worth. A couple got going sucking on
my nipples. That felt weird since one of them didn't have any teeth and the
other's lips were as cold as ice."

	"One of the fat ones with real big tits pulled me away from the three
old babes and pushed me in the direction of the big bedroom where I would spend
most of my time. She got some help from a couple of other old ladies and soon I
was flat on my back. I got rolled over so the cuffs could come off, but they got
me on my back again and pulled my hands up to the headboard of the bed and
cuffed me once more. Meanwhile a couple of them were pushing pillows under my
ass, while another pair was roping my ankles to the posts at the bottom of the
bed."

	"Once they had me just the way they wanted, it started. The skinny one
who had been sucking my cock started doing it again while another one, a fatty
with small jugs got up and sat herself down on my face. Her pussy was really
thick with hair and she smelled real bad, like she hadn't wiped her cunt after
pissing and something had crawled up it and died about a week ago. I won't lie,
I don't like eating pussy unless there is a real good reason for doing it. I
couldn't come up with a single good reason to let any of these old ladies sit on
my face and make me eat their cunts."

	"The one on my face came up with one. She shifted herself around until
my nose was buried in her cunt, then she leaned forward and got her weight
behind it. I was screwed; I couldn't get a fucking whiff of air. I tried bucking
her off, but she rode me like she was a cowgirl. I began to get dizzy and my
head started to hurt. She hunkered down even harder and it got dark."

	"The next thing I knew some one was slapping my face, a real ugly skank
with no tits and a mean disposition from her looks. She was a real bitch, I'd
sure like to get her in my sights one of these days and give her some payback. I
found out later from one of the other old bags that her name was Florence and we
were at her house. She was the one who put me out of commission with that hose
clamp. I'll tell you about that later."

	"Another one started giving me a gum job, it was so strange, but it got
me up. Then the fat one on my face moved down and slipped my meat into her cunt
for a nice long ride. I had plenty of trouble getting it in her the right way
because my ankles were tied. I had to fuck with my hips and with all that weight
on me it was tough going. When I finally got off she wasn't too impressed. She
mumbled something about me being some kind of a fairy and that got me pissed off
good."

	"They didn't waste much time making sure I was hard again for more
action. You know how I can be, I was ready in no time. This time I got a break,
it was the one with the boob job,and she was on the thin side too. We fucked up
a storm and the rest of the old bags just stared at my cock going like a house
on fire in and out of that skinny babe's cunt. She hung on for dear life and
hollered as I pounded her pussy until she couldn't take any more. She finally
pulled out to catch her breath, but before she could put it back, another fatty
took over. That was not good and she just lay on me like a sack of cement. I had
to do all the work and I got tired pretty fast. I kept at it and it helped some
that she let me suck her tits every so often. I shot a big load into her cunt
and she rolled off."

	"Counting the first heavyweight, I did four in a row before I needed to
take a break. The two that were still waiting weren't too happy about that. One
of them was Florence. She came up with a vibrator and worked it up my asshole
and turned it on. The sensations were pretty strange, but my dick started to
twitch and then it got right up, ready to go another round or two. My next rider
had been licking my balls while Florence worked that buzzer in and out of my
asshole. She got on, the last of the heavyweights and we went at it like jack
rabbits. I was getting into it now because of all the extras they were giving me
like the ball washing and all the sucking, especially the gum jobs from that one
babe."

	"It got really strange when Florence climbed on board for her horsy
ride. She turned around so her back was to me and then she spread her cheeks
which were saggy and wrinkled, and screwed her asshole onto my dick. I just
watched her asshole swallow about six inches of my hard meat before she took a
break to move around and make sure my dick was in her ass good and tight. Then I
started putting it to her. She leaned forward some and let me do all the work,
and it is work when you're ass fucking someone from the bottom. Even though I'd
popped my nuts five times, that tight asshole of hers milked another load out of
me in no time flat, it was that tight. Then it got messy. As soon as I pulled
out with a big pop that made some of them giggle, she scooted her ass back until
it was over my face.

	 "You put that slime into me, you suck it out, and don't miss a drop or
I'll cut your nuts off!" she said, and I got this bad feeling that she wasn't
kidding. So I put my mouth over that really foul tasting butthole and started
sucking for all I was worth. She must have liked what I was doing because she
let out a couple of long moans and wiggled that saggy ass around on my face as I
began to get a taste of a mixture of my cum and whatever she had up her shit
chute. It was ugly in the extreme, but the ladies loved it. You can imagine what
happened next."

	"I kept bitching about the ropes around my ankles and when my next
customer,the one who wasn't very happy with the ride I gave her the first time,
came up, she let me loose, but threatened to bite my dick off if I did not
deliver some good cock and plenty of it. What a difference it made to be able to
use my legs to get some force behind my big gun. I gave her the Billy Boy
special, that's around the world backwards and sideways. That was what one babe
once told me I did to her when I fucked her so hard she passed out. This one
didn't pass out, but after I wore a groove in her pussy and dumped a major load
of wigglers deep inside her swampy fuck hole, she grunted, no mumbling, no
muttering. In fact she heaved a big sigh that the ladies noticed and she took
some ragging because of it."

	"By the time I finished round two in Florence's asshole again, my poor
dick was in need of some rest. It had taken me nearly fifteen minutes of serious
stroking to finally dribble a few weak squirts inside her not so tight asshole
anymore. I don't know which of us was happier, she because I had stopped fucking
her bunghole raw, or me because my dick felt like it had no skin left on it. I
got a ten minute hum job from another one of the thin ladies; it was funny but
the thin ones seemed to like to suck a hell of a lot more than the fat ones.
Well, she turned my half hard dick over to the lady with no teeth, who gave me
her best shot for ten minutes, with still no sign of improvement in my aching
dick. It was then that they decided I was out of service for a while. About half
the old bags started in on each other, doing sixty-nines on the carpet and
kicking me out of the bed so they could do some serious rug munching in more
comfortable surroundings."

	"Unfortunately for me Florence and a couple of the big ones decided to
take me into the bathroom for more fun and games. Since my hands were cuffed
behind my back and my balls were being tightly gripped by a large lady named
Beate, she was from Germany, I went with them into the tiled torture chamber.
That's what Florence called the place, and I soon found out why. I knew I was in
deep trouble when I saw the enema bag hanging from the shower rod, it was
bulging. About fifteen minutes later I was bulging; it didn't hurt too bad at
first, but after about ten minutes I was cramping to beat the band. By then I
was on my knees eating the rancid pussy of big Beate, while Florence waited her
turn. Like she said, "If you can't fuck, we'll have to improvise until you can."
I didn't like this kind of deal. The more pussy I ate, the less interested I was
in getting it up for these old hags."

	"I got another enema that was even bigger, this one has some kind of
stuff in it that went off inside me after a minute or so, making me feel like I
just swallowed a motorcycle. I nearly puked, it was so painful. Florence was
pressing her gray haired twat to my face and washing it with her cunt juice.
This was one hot old bag. I'll bet she was a handful when she was younger. The
other big babe,I never did find out what her name was, had her fingernails
raking my nipples, which wasn't a good thing either. I thought that it couldn't
get any worse, but was I wrong."

	"I heard all about how freaky golden showers were; I even gave one to a
teacher I had last year. She creamed in her panties when I pissed in her wide
open mouth. I remember being grossed out when she actually gargled with my piss
before gulping it down. What made it worse was she started begging for more piss
as soon as I stopped coating her face and hair with mine."

	 "Yes, those three old bags gave me a golden shower and I do mean to
tell you I had to chug down quite a bit of the golden stuff since Florence had
my balls in her hands and she squeezed them good and hard every time I turned
away or stopping swallowing that terrible tasting stuff. Damn, I don't know what
those people were eating, but it sure made the world's most rancid piss. Not
only that, both of those tubbies could piss like a man; they were standing at
least a foot and a half from me and they were scoring bulls eyes on my face.
Florence seemed to enjoy catching some of their piss as well, since she was in
the line of fire as she was keeping me still by the grip she had on my balls."

	"Florence put the two big babes to work trying to get my dick hard.They
made a standing sandwich out of me, one was sitting on the edge of the tub
tongue fucking my asshole while her beefy buddy squatted and gave my balls and
dick a good going over with her tongue and then started hoovering me for all she
was worth. One thing I was really learning was that my asshole was a lot more
sensitive than I ever thought. That hot tongue kept tickling my asshole and the
next thing I knew I was stiff as a board. Florence looked real happy and she
said, "We have wood, major wood, let's fuck."

	"Damned if she didn't climb on soon as I was stretched out on the floor.
That old bag sure could fuck when she put her mind to it. She bounced that bony
body up and down on me like she was riding a pogo stick. Meanwhile the two
tubbies were taking turns giving me their assholes to lick and suck while
Florence beat the hell out of my stiff dick. I blasted off inside her fucked out
cunt and she let out a whoop as I hosed the walls of her snatch. When I stayed
hard the two big ones took a turn riding the baloney pony and I managed to give
them just enough meat to take care of their needs for the time being."

	"I was still hard and Florence decided to make sure I'd be able to
service all her friends over the rest of the day. The big babes went back down
on my dick and took turns sucking it back to life. Then Florence produced a hose
clamp and put it around the base of my dick and screwed it down until it
hurt.That metal really dug into my hard meat something fierce, but I was good
and stiff and it didn't look as if I would be anything else for a long time to
come. To complete the job she took some wire and looped it around my ball sack
and twisted it until I nearly passed out from the pain as that wire cut into my
skin. It seemed as if that wire was separating my balls from the rest of my
body."

	"For the next couple of hours it was fun and games with the ladies. They
really made me work up a sweat with their heavy duty fucking needs. These old
biddies acted like they hadn't been laid in years; maybe that was so, although I
thought that the one with the boob job could get herself nailed if she got off
the couch and hit the nearest bar after dark."

	"Things began to get ugly when Beate, who was the other leader of this
pack of sex crazed spinsters, got bored and started souping things up. The first
thing she did was to loop a plastic tie around the head of my dick and twist
that sucker until it choked off what little blood was still left in the top part
of my completely numb cock. I couldn't feel a thing but what was happening to my
equipment didn't look very pretty. They seemed to like the new sensation that
the bigger head on my dick made in their wrinkled cunts. Then they got bored
again, and it was that fat bitch, Beate, who took charge. My legs were pulled
back until my ankles were next to my ears. Then they started slipping all sorts
of things into my wide open asshole; they all hurt."

	"I took part of their dildo collection, each one a little bigger than
the one that was in my poor asshole before it. Then they started jamming
vibrators into me and holding them against my swollen prostate, laughing as some
cum would dribble out of my dick just from the vibrator action. There weren't as
many cunts needing to be fucked as the afternoon rolled by. I was getting
nervous because my dick was starting to turn deep purple. Florence thought that
was funny, laughing about it as she worked her big silver bullet vibrator up my
asshole and jiggled it around to find the spot that made me dribble cum."

	"I was still eating lots of well fucked and well aged pussy. They were
making me suck my cum from their cunts which I thought was gross, but after a
couple of the heavyweights did some serious face-sitting on me, I decided that a
little cum mixed with pussy juice didn't taste that bad after all. I was amazed
that I was still cumming, I couldn't feel a thing down below anymore. It was
that skinny bitch, Florence, who got the bright idea of seeing if she could get
her fist up my asshole. By then I was gaping pretty good from all the toys that
had already been up me."

	"The best she could do was get four fingers up my asshole. By now
everyone was into this and they were shouting suggestions for what to do to get
her thumb up my butthole as well. First she covered her hand with butter and
tried that, my asshole still wouldn't give. Then someone rammed the biggest
dildo they had into my asshole and began rocking it from side to side to try to
loosen me up. I was really feeling it and the pain was getting to me. Then that
bitch, Beate, came up with the idea of using her inflatible dildo to widen my
asshole and stretch, even rupture that muscle protecting my shitter from these
crazy hags. If her idea worked, she claimed that not only would I be able to
take Florence's small fist, but the big babes' as well. I was going to be fisted
until my asshole collapsed. I was crapping in my pants by now."

	"Beate pumped it up until her hand got tired. It felt as if someone had
driven an eighteen wheeler up my ass. I was in a world of hurt. However the
minute she yanked it out of my sore asshole, it snapped back to normal before
Florence could even get ready to give it another try. The next time, the three
biggest spinsters took turns pumping that fucker up and I started sweating
bullets as I felt my asshole getting ready to pop. It didn't happen, no matter
what they did the bulb wouldn't get any bigger. I didn't know why, but I was
damned glad it happened that way."

	"Then Beate got the brilliant idea of hooking the dildo up to a small
pump that was guaranteed to break the toughest asshole to its will, at least
that's what the ad that came with the part claimed. I started crying, the pain
was so bad, there were now two eighteen wheelers in my asshole jockeying for
position to see which one would break my poor ass wide open. Well I guess the ad
was wrong, because the pain finally reached max and nothing happened after that.
The pump must have run for another five minutes and nothing happened, at least
nothing worse happened."

	"I was on the verge of passing out from the steady pain. The last thing
I remember was Beate trying to pull the big dildo out of my super sore ass. I
felt a couple of short yanks and then I heard her give out a big grunt and there
was a funny slushy sound and my asshole felt like it had just caught fire. That
was the last thing I remember until I woke up in the car with those two
teachers."

	Billy was so involved in telling his story that he didn't notice that
his sister had taken off her panties and started to seriously abuse her cunt; he
had no idea when this had begun. He heard the grunt and then her stiffled scream
as she had another orgasm. Little did the boy know that was number five and
counting. He just sat there listening to the swishing sound that her soaking wet
hand made as it strummed her clit like it was a banjo, and taking in the scenery
that featured her crimson lipped cunt drooling out a steady stream of pungent
pussy cream. Billy felt his dick stirring, readying for its first foray into
cunt since those bitches had nearly ruined it. Kim looked up at him through
glazed eyes and said, " Little brother, how would you like to fuck me to death.
I am so hot from hearing about those bitches my cunt is about to melt."



					(To be continued)




					Taming Billy


					  Part 5


	Billy did his best to make his sister happy, but although his spirit was
willing, his body, especially his usually rigid cock, proved to be still a bit
weak. He did manage to make a substantial deposit of sperm-rich cum deep inside
Kim's clutching cunt, but it was done with far less force and enthusiasm than
Billy normally provided to his sex partners. Still in all it was a significant
first step for the boy on his road to a full recovery. Kim proved to be a very
understanding lover and she tenderly kissed her brother's spent cock and licked
it until it glistened with her saliva.

	She smiled at him and pulled on her bikini panties which almost
immediately became soaked with all the cum oozing from her hot twat. He pointed
to the crotch of his sister's panties and Kim grinned and patted the wet spot,
as she said. "I want mom and granny to see that you're rounding into form,
nothing like showing some evidence to convince them. Don't worry they won't be
up here raping you for at least until maybe this afternoon. We've got lots of
work to do on those two skanks that set you up for those insane bitches that
nearly killed you."

	Kim walked into the garage just in time to see a dart burying itself
into Julia's blue-black tit. Lucy was gleefully clapping her hands and shouting,
"Bulls eye for me! Match that if you can." Standing off to the side with a
handful of darts was Kim's mom, grinning from ear to ear as she prepared to toss
her next three darts into Adele. It dawned on the girl what they were doing.
They were playing darts and the two teachers were the dartboards. The teachers
remained in the inverted Y position they had been in when Kim left to visit her
brother. In this stringent configuration their bodies were extremely vulnerable,
especially their assholes and cunts. From the number of bleeding and scabbed
over spots on their bare bodies, the game had been going on for quite some time.

	Adele bellowed in agony as the first dart embedded itself into her
spread cunt, neatly splitting open her crimson cunt lips. "That's fifty points
for me. Looks like I'm going to win this one. I guess Kim will get to take me on
next." As Tracy spoke she buried another dart into the teacher's belly, just an
inch below her navel. " Damn, just missed getting another twenty points!" the
woman exclaimed. Then the third dart plunged into Adele's left tit, which was
swollen grotesquely and had turned jet black. The dart produced a spurt of blood
as it punctured the stretched skin covering her distended tit flesh.

	Kim was amazed at the number of wounds covering both sides of the
teachers' bodies. Their asses were flecked with purplish marks, each
representing where a dart had penetrated. It was impossible to count all the
marks that their flat butts carried. She was particularly impressed by the few
dots of bleeding skin in the cleft of their asses, a tribute to either skill or
luck, and defintely agonizing to their targets.

	"We started out standing only a few feet away from them, but that was
too easy. I even buried a couple of darts into Julia's asshole before your
granny started to complain that it was too easy." Tracy said as she yanked the
dart from Adele's tit, making her gasp from the pain of withdrawal. "Want to
take a turn?"

	Kim smiled and shook her head. "I'm kind of tired after Billy fucked my
brains out upstairs." Her remarks brought big smiles from the two women. Kim
cautioned them that although Billy's cock was working as it should, it was still
not ready for the kind of pressure that Tracy and Lucy could easily bring to
bear on the boy. "You better not be fooling girl, or we'll paddle your sweet
round ass flat!" Lucy threatened with a grin.

	The darts made a light go off in Kim's head and she disappeared into the
house as the two women shot another round of darts. Compared to what the
teachers would soon endure, this was child's play. When the girl returned she
was carrying a pin cushion and a leather bag filled with all sorts of pointed
things. Lucy immediately got the picture and she clapped her hands with glee.
"Now why didn't I think about that!" she exclaimed. The two teachers shuddered
as they realized what was about to happen to them.

	For the next hour or so the three family members competed with each
other to cause the most pain in their victims as they drove needles, pins and
even some metal screws into various parts of their bodies. Kim started the ball
rolling by driving a hat pin through the clit of Adele Larson, who went into a
spasming fit as the pain lanced through her tender sex button. Not to be outdone
Tracy skewered both nipples on Julia Forbes, whose eyes bulged in terror as the
metal tore through her erected flesh, but the pain was masked because her tits
had been bagged for hours, and had become numb.

	It was Lucy who figured out an even more devilish torment for Julia. She
jabbed dozens upon dozens of short pins into her blue-black tits, concentrating
them in the vicinity of her skewered nipples until they formed a circle of steel
around them. Then with an evil grin she undid the bindings that had been cutting
off the circulation from those bloated bags of tit flesh. Julia began shimmying
in air, trying to shake the pins from her tits, so great was the combined pain
associated with these tiny skewers and the returning blood to her damaged tits.
Even with the gag, it was possible to hear her shrieks of agony.

	Adele looked on and trembled as she wondered what terrible torture would
befall her. She did not have long to wait. Once more it was Kim taking the lead.
She tugged the cunt lips of Ms Larson to their limit and then had Lucy and Tracy
drive pins into them, anchoring them to her belly and thighs, making her cunt
gape. This in turn attracted the attention of all three family members and they
set about driving needles deep into her cunt, jamming them into the walls of her
snatch as she went out of her mind from the never-ending pain they caused. It
was Lucy who summed up the condition of Adele Larson. "No man in his right mind
would want to get his dick within five feet of that mine field of a pussy she
has now. I'll bet she'll be picking pins out of that twat for the next week and
even then she won't be sure she got them all." Even as she spoke she was
threading a long metal screw up Adele's piss hole, the sharp grooves tearing up
the narrow channel that led to her bladder. Once it penetrated into Adele's
bladder, a stream of pinkish tinged piss began racing down the screw's threads. 
For some time to come taking a piss would be an agonizing experience for the
teacher.

	Tracy came up with an even worse torture using the needles and screws.
Both of the teachers were on the thin side and their ribs showed in the
stretched position they had been put into. Other bone structures such as those
making up their pelvic region, joints and the like could also be easily reached
with either screws or needles. Tracy gave a demonstration of just how much pain
could be created by simply driving a screw into the elbow of one of their
captives and then deliberately turning it so that it began to drill into the
bone itself.

	The first time she did this to Julia, she made the woman actually piss
herself from the agony she was experiencing. For the next couple of hours the
two teachers were given a taste of what hell must be like. They lost their
voices from howling and screaming as the horrible pain radiated from their bones
while they were mercilessly scraped and drilled by the trio of ladies. Kim took
things even further. She drove a needle into Adele's hip socket and then
hammered it into the bone until she reached the marrow. Adele had fainted from
the unbelievable pain long before the needle reached its final destination.

	Things got a bit dicey when Julia threw up into her gag and began to
drown in her own vomit while her rib cage was being scraped with a long screw
that had been drilled into the flesh between two ribs. Worse yet, even after
they freed her mouth and cleared her air passageway, she went into shock and her
body began to shake uncontrollably and became cold to the touch. It was sheer
turmoil for the time required to get her down from where she was hanging and put
a blanket over her to keep her warm. Fortunately Lucy had some experience in
first aid, and they were able to stabilize the teacher's condition. All the
while a very shaken Adele Larson hung by her wrists, trembling with fear at what
she had just witnessed.

	The ladies took a break for lunch, allowing their captives a chance to
recover before they resumed punishing them. Kim looked in on Billy and
discovered that he was returning to normal a whole lot faster than she thought.
Before she knew what was happening he had torn off her shorts and panties and
thrown her down on the bed. She bounced once or twice and then let out a
strangled gasp as her brother fell on her, knocking the wind out of Kim and
making it easy to sink his hard cock into her tight teen pussy.

	For the next few minutes Kim took a major league pounding that was more
intense than she had ever experienced while she worked in the porn business. Her
brother seemed bent on driving his dick right through her body. She did her best
to get his attention, but failed as he went into overdrive and really made her
think she was going to be fucked to death. When he came it was like she had a
near death experience; she was on her back staring at the ceiling and wondering
why the room was spinning. She could actually feel the jets of boiling cum that
he blasted into her fucked out-cunt. She knew then that she was going to be
sore, very sore once the feeling came back into her cunt.

	Lucy and Tracy looked up from their discussion and stared open-mouthed
at the discheveled girl who staggered into the kitchen holding her ripped shorts
closed with one hand and shaking her head. "My god! What happened to you?" Lucy
exclaimed, rising from the table to assist her granddaughter in seating herself.

	The girl winced and groaned as she settled down on the hard wooden
chair. Then she looked up with a wan smile and said, "Billy just raped me and it
was like nothing I've ever experienced. He didn't even ask if I wanted to fuck,
he just ripped off my shorts and panties and went at me like I was a piece of
meat and he was a starving animal. If this is the way he's been treating mom,
then we better get together and show this bad boy what happens when he fucks
around with the wrong women."

	Lucy nodded her head and said, "Well Kim, we agreed to come here to help
Tracy tame her boy. I think we got sidetracked with all this stuff involving the
school teachers and those spinsters. Perhaps we should let Adele and Julia loose
before Billy reaches full strength. Let's face it, they caught a hell of a lot
of pain in the last day or so, and I did not appreciate standing there and
watching Julia go into a coma. What would have happened to us if she really got
hurt, or worse? I don't even want to think about it." All three of them nodded
at the same time.

	Kim brought up an idea for a strategy that might work to everyones's
advantage. The teachers would be told that in exchange for no more pain and
suffering they would be released so they could set up the leaders of the
spinster bunch. They were to tell them that we weren't that broken up about what
they did to Billy; in fact we had been planning to do something like that to him
anyway, which is the truth. Then once we get done showing Billy who's in charge,
we can tell the teachers to ask the two spinsters if they would like to come
over and help us work on the boy some more now that he was recovered to the
point that he could handle more punishment. I'm sure they'll take the bait. When
they do, we exact our revenge and maybe even Billy can join in, under our
supervision of course."

	The broad smiles on the faces of her mom and granny told her all she
needed to know. It was Tracy who made everyone laugh when she said, " Damn! I
didn't know I had such an intelligent daughter. Come to think of it she had to
be smart to get out when she did, leaving her mom holding the bag."



				(To be continued)




					Taming Billy


					 Chapter 6


	Billy had no idea what the women were planning, which made it very easy
for them to slip something into his milk that made him feel like he needed to
take a nap. The rest was a piece of cake. When the teenager awoke he discovered
that he was securely restrained by ropes that held him in a spread-eagle
position on his bed. A couple of pillows had been placed under his bottom to
elevate his private parts for easy access. He was also gagged, his mouth filled
with his mother's panties, fresh from the hamper where they had been ripening
for the last few days. There was no one to be seen and his tentative attempts to
get free only demonstrated that whoever had tied him up knew what they were
doing. For a few brief moments he wondered if perhaps those harpies who had
nearly put his dick out of commission permanently had returned to finish him
off.

	After making sure that the boy would not be going anywhere, the ladies
retired to Tracy's bedroom, got naked and began to catch up on each other's
sweet spots and moist places. They formed a daisy chain, head to pussy, three
generations of the hottest pussy ever to spend time in this little town. Their
tongues never stopped as they explored the hot, humid, hungry, holes presented
for their attentions. Their cunts never stopped delivering the salty cream that
those tongues and mouths speedily disposed of with lip smacking sounds and pleas
for more, more, more. One orgasm would start the ball rolling, and before too
long there would be one continuous orgasm snaking its way from one hot cunt to
the next, leaving the women exhausted from the powerful emotional and physical
reponses that these marvelous explosions provided.

	Two turns were enough for the moment, so after resting up from the
latest set of tidal waves, hurricanes or volcanos, depending on who was
describing her orgasm, they decided to pay Billy a visit and begin to show him
that the pussy was more powerful than the cock, or at least that's what they
hoped they'd be able to do. Deep down inside, each of them knew that they were
not capable of handling this young stud muffin one on one.

	Billy was kind of surprised to see mom, sis and granny entering the
room. The trio were stark naked and the sight of all that hot cunt and big tits
had him fully erect in record time. "Looks as if my grandson has recovered from
all those nasty things that the spinsters did to him." commented Lucy. "Based on
what the little rascal did to me a few hours ago, I'd say he's back to being his
normal, male chauvinistic self." added Kim. Tracy just shook her head at her
son's display of his sexual prowess and sighed. "There is no way one single
woman can possibly handle the likes of my son. What's a mother to do?"

	"Let's see what this little super stud can do when there are three full
blown ladies taking turns on his prong from dawn to dusk and back to dawn, if
that's what it takes." said Lucy, patting her cunt for emphasis. "We even shaved
our cunts just before coming to see you, hope you enjoy the clean, smooth pussy
you'll be eating as well as fucking today, tonight, tomorrow, the day after, and
as long as it takes to teach you some manners." added Kim. She looked over at
her mom and gave her a wolfish grin. " Since we made ourselves nice and smooth
for him, shouldn't he be the same way for us. After all, our nice, smooth,
tender pussies ought to have a nice, smooth crotch to bounce up and down on,
don't you think?" Billy got a bad feeling at this point.

	Two pairs of tweezers were produced and Lucy and Kim started on opposite
sides of his stiff cock, plucking out his curly pubic hair as his mom sucked on
the head of his dick, being careful not to bring him to an ejaculation. Every
time one of his thick, black hairs was yanked out, his eyes got big and his body
twitched. Lucy took a turn on his cock and used just the tip of her tongue on
his piss hole which was leaking a steady stream of pre cum.

	Then it was Kim's turn and she slowly filled her mouth and then a
portion of her throat with his rigid rod, letting her throat muscles massage his
tool until with a shudder he began to flood her throat and mouth with a river of
hot cum that seemed to last for minutes. The ladies plucking away on his pubes
stopped and watched the struggle between Kim trying to swallow his quivering
cock whole and Billy trying to drown his sister in cum. It was considered to be
a draw, but Kim demanded a rematch, which she received.

	This time it was his slimy snake of a cock that slowly disappeared down
Kim's throat, until his eight plus inches were gone and his balls rested against
her lips. Then the girl managed to free her tongue and began to lap the boy's
ball sack until it glistened with her saliva. Lucy and Tracy just sat there with
their mouths open and watched the unequal contest. They could clearly see the
outline of Billy's cock as it was given a throat massage, something that only a
handful of porn stars could do. At the tender age of 19, Kim was doing something
that no one her age doing porn was able to accomplish. "Wow, I  heard about
this, but I never believed anyone could do it. To think my own daughter is doing
this trick before my very eyes. I am impressed! Kim, you have got to show me how
to do this. Maybe we can practice on Billy later on tonight when he's good and
tired from all the sex we've going to be giving him."

	While Billy was allowed to recuperate the ladies rotated from sitting on
his face to plucking his pubic hair out as painfully as possible. Lucy liked to
wrap a strand around her tweezers, and then pull steadily on it until it either
popped free of his stretched skin or broke off at skin level, creating a
potential ingrown hair that would itch and vex the boy no end for days. Tracy
developed the two pull approach, first a quick yank just to scare Billy a
little, then another sudden pull to remove it. Kim alternated between the two
approaches and occasionally would yank one out at an oblique angle which seemed
to be even more painful.

	When it came to face sitting, each one of them had a different technique
for smothering the teen. Kim rocked herself back and forth, dragging her asshole
and pussy across his nose, pausing to let him be buried in either hole until his
struggles became frantic. Lucy just settled her pussy down on the boy's face and
positioned it so that his nose was jammed against the entrance to her cunt. Then
she'd slowly lean forward, putting more and more weight on his face. It might
take as long as ten minutes to make him pass out depending on her mood and the
amount of resistance he put up. Tracy used a variation of this technique, only
she captured her son's nose between the cheeks of her ass and made sure it was
pressed as far into her asshole as it could go. He rarely lasted more than a few
minutes in this gluteal death grip.

	The trio took turns riding Billy for all he was worth, letting him pound
away inside them until he painted the walls of their cunts with thick coatings
of hot cum. After a few hours of steady fucking his belly was sticky with a
combination of their cunt juices and his cum that oozed from their well fucked
slots. During the time it took them to revive his dick for another go-around,
they continued to denude his crotch of hair, a project that took them most of
the day to finally finish.

	Toward evening they decided to take out the gag that was silencing him
so that he could begin sucking out all the cum he had been shooting into their
hot, creamy boxes during the long afternoon. The sheet beneath him was soaked
with sweat, cum and pussy juice that formed an ever widening circle. Tracy,
always the homemaker despite whatever else was going on, decided that once he
finished sucking them dry, the sheets had to be replaced and a rubber sheet had
to be put in place to protect the mattress from smelling as if it were stuffed
with rotting fish. However once Billy was done with his clean-up task, they took
a break for dinner, leaving the boy to lay in the cold wet spot that was mostly
of his making.

	When they returned Billy was in a great deal of discomfort; he hadn't
been able to pee since early that morning and his back teeth were floating. The
ladies thought that was funny and held a little meeting to figure out if there
was any way they could use this to their advantage. It was Kim who wrinkled her
nose but suggested that perhaps they should make her brother drink his own piss
once he relieved himself. That idea was quickly accepted, but then came the
issue of how would they make him do this rather unsettling act.

	Tracy came up with the answer. "If he refuses, we stick a cotton swab
down into his piss hole and leave it there." Her suggestion drew a blank stare
until she explained things. "It won't stop us from getting him good and hard.
But, can you imagine what it'll feel like when we make him cum and there's no
way out for all that white stuff. I wonder what will happen, don't you? I'm sure
Billy will only want to find out once. Then we own him body and mind for as long
as it takes to make him realize that pussy rules, especially around this house."

	As predicted, Billy wanted no part of drinking his own piss, despite
their threats to put him in a world of hurt, and instead threatened to flood the
bed if he had to. It was a grinning Tracy who held up the cotton swab for him to
see. "This little thing is going to put you in that world of hurt my son. To bad
you didn't realize that our threats come with some backing. Before he knew what
was happening Lucy grabbed his cock and held it steady as Tracy threaded the
swab into his piss hole. Billy started to yell and Kim stopped that in a hurry,
climbing up and settling her pussy down on his face. "You can talk to my pussy
all you want little brother, but not much sound is going to come out." she said
with a big grin, all the while adjusting herself to smother him in the folds of
her hot twat.

	Now the women took turns jacking his cock until it was stiff and
throbbing, ready to shot a huge load of boiling cum from his churning balls.
"This ought to be good!" exclaimed Lucy as she waited for the boy to get himself
off. She leaned down and ran her tongue around the head of his twitching cock,
making sure that the swab was holding. Then with a grunt that nearly lifted Kim
into the air the boy began to spurt.  His balls sent a stream of white sauce up
the pipe where it encountered the blockage. Back down it came to meet the next
burst headed up and out.

	This time the swab moved enough so that a thin stream of high velocity
cum squirted a couple of feet into the air, causing the women to move back to
avoid being struck by the falling cum. The next contraction of his balls sent
the swab flying and now the cum splattered everywhere. The women just sat back
and watched the boy's cock behave like a cannon, blasting his load all over the
bed. When he finished cumming, Tracy retrieved the swab and jammed it into his
piss hole until only a small spot of cotton showed. "This time he's getting two
swabs inside that cock of his, one way or another; either side by side or one on
top of the other, it makes no difference to me!" At this point Billy realized he
was screwed, big time.

	Billy must have pissed for two minutes without stopping. Tracy held his
cock and made sure it was aimed properly into the milk carton that Kim kept
steady as it filled to more than half way. At Lucy's suggestion they would chill
the pee in the fridge before feeding it back into Billy. " It goes down a lot
easier if its cold; it doesn't smell and you can hardly taste it." she observed,
bringing a laugh from the others. "Sounds like grandma has done a little
research on that subject. Care to tell us all the juicy details?" asked Kim.
Lucy's face got a little red and it took some time for her to form her reply.

	"I had this little thing with a girl right after I divorced Tracy's
father, Ralph, who was great in the sack but couldn't hold a job to save his
soul and had an eye for the ladies that always made me nervous. It turned out I
had good reason to be nervous, he was nailing a little sweetie who was underage
by a few years, and he knocked her up. So he did the honorable thing and left
for parts unknown, leaving me to bring up Tracy and his little girl friend to
deliver her first born at the tender age of sixteen."

	"I was having a bit of difficulty landing a steady replacement for
Ralph. I was getting plenty of the old in and out from lots of good looking
studs who really enjoyed fucking me, but when it came to settling down, they
weren't interested. So I decided to try the other side of the street so to
speak. I hooked up with this older woman, Connie, who was stable and made me
feel secure. She taught me every trick in the book during the four years we were
together. She didn't look the type either, she was a little on the plump side
and looked like everyone's favorite aunt. In bed she was more like Attila the
Hun; she ravished me, she reamed me, she raped me, she ruined me for "men only"
forever. That woman had a tongue like a snake and the hands of a surgeon and she
performed lots and lots of operations on every sweet spot on or inside my body."

	At this point even Billy's ears had pricked up; Lucy was the absolute
center of attention as she continued her story. "After a couple of false starts
she got me into water sports, and I don't mean swimming or diving either. Come
to think of it I used to do plenty of diving, on her, after she'd give me a nice
long bath in that yellow stuff."

	"We had a regular ritual when we knew it was time for things watery. A
couple of hours before we headed for our nice big tiled bathroom with the floor
drain she had the plumber install by the toilet, we'd start loading up on coffee
or tea, lots and lots of the stuff. Connie also would regularly eat perhaps a
pound of the strangest green vegetables every day. She'd stuff herself with raw
kale, okra and spinach. I never could figure how she kept that stuff down, it
was so bitter tasting. However she claimed it made her piss taste very different
than the average kind that most people produced. I have to admit that her piss
was top of the line. It tasted great, it had its own special aroma and I never
saw piss that color in my life."

	"Neither my daughter nor her daughter can claim to have lived until
they've lain in a bathtub and let someone she loves give her a nice warm shower
of piss, starting on her face and working down to her cunt and finishing off in
her mouth. I  used to love getting a nice big mouthful and gargling with it as
Connie frigged herself like a crazy woman, just before dropping that perfectly
groomed bald pussy onto me for some serious face time."

	By now Tracy and Kim were playing with their tits and finger fucking
themselves shamelessly, ignoring the presence of Billy who had an erection hard
as tempered steel and was pumping his hips into the air in an attempt to get
off. Lucy had to clap her hands, twice, before she could break the mood and get
the attention of her girls. Looking toward her grandson she smiled and said,
"Looks like little Billy the stud muffin is just dying to let his mom, sister
and maybe even his old as the hills granny give him a nice piss bath later on
before you two go off to rest and he and I have a chance to really get
acquainted, one on one, if you get my meaning. I wonder how these old bones will
stand up to some serious fucking from a teenager with a perpetual hard-on. We
shall see, we shall surely see."

	For the next few hours it was business as usual, the ladies provided the
pussy and Billy filled them to the brim with load after load of hot cum. There
was always one of them riding him for all she was worth while another kept him
entertained by grinding her pussy and asshole across his face as he humped away
like some kind of giant jack rabbit. "Damn, this little stud muffin is certainly
a hard one to handle." gasped Lucy after her second ride on the baloney pony.

	By now they weren't giving him any time to rest up. As soon as one got a
dose of the white stuff she would dismount and let the next lady have a go at
him. They just kept on rotating from his face to his cock and then to the
comfortable chair Lucy had commandeered from Tracy's room. The chair would never
be the same again after they soaked the seat and arm rests with cunt juice and
cum. Just watching the teenager perform got them hot for another go at his big
stiff cock. Soon they would assume the position in the chair, legs hanging over
the arm rests to spread their pussies to the max with fingers and even hands
working on that juicy gash beween their legs. On more than one occasion a lady
lost her turn because she got herself off just before she was supposed to mount
him for her next pony ride.

	As the witching hour approached, they held a council of war and decided
that perhaps an enema or two might slow the boy down, since he would be matched
one on one with poor Lucy who was beginning to get a bit apprehensive about
trying to handle him all by herself. They carefully freed Billy from the bed and
marched him down the hall to the master bathroom. They had tied his hands behind
his back and hobbled him with a short length of rope that ran between his
ankles. The boy was a bit stiff from being in relatively the same position for
most of the day, and was surprisingly easy to control.

	It took some doing to make Billy stand still long enough for Lucy to jam
the nozzle up his asshole and make sure it stayed there. Kim solved that problem
by putting her hands around his balls and giving them a good squeeze to keep him
in line. Tracy strongly recommended that the enemas be as cold as possible; this
would cause his cock to shrink and make his balls get tight. If the enema was
cold enough, his balls might even rise up into his abdomen in an attempt to keep
warm. A mixture of crushed ice and cold water did the trick and after running a
couple of quarts of this slushy mixture into him Billy's teeth started
chattering and he completely lost his erection. His balls were reduced to the
size of marbles and his scrotum shrank rapidly bringing his family jewels up
towards his abdomen.

	The enema nozzle was yanked out and a rubber stopper was substituted in
order to make the boy retain the icy mixture. Kim amused herself by sucking
Billy's flaccid cock to see if she could get him hard while the cold water
inside his bowels was still doing its thing. Lucy got into the act by giving
Billy a series of lengthy french kisses, her tongue worming its way inside his
mouth and her fingernails scratching his nipples until they were like two
pebbles. The cramps started to get to the stud and he began hopping from one
foot to the other as the pain rolled through his lower intestines.

	Tracy left the bathroom and returned shortly with the carton of Billy's
piss which by now was chilled to the point that no odor came from the liquid.
Kim squeezed Billy's tight scrotum to make him start swallowing his piss. Lucy
rubbed the boy's rounded belly as he downed the chilled yellow stuff as fast as
he could. "You seem to be getting a beer, or is it a piss gut. I sure hope that
overhanging belly doesn't get in the way of all the nice hard fucking you'll be
giving this old pussy when we get together for the early morning shift." All
Billy could do was suck it up and hope that he'd be soon able to get rid of the
ocean of agony that was occupying his insides. He groaned inwardly when he heard
Kim pipe up and ask if there were enough ice cubes left to give him another
enema. Tracy laughed and said she had checked the freezer when she retrieved the
carton of piss, and there was plenty of ice. To make things sound worse than
they would be, she added with a knowing wink to her companions, "I'm sure
there's enough for at least two more big enemas."



				(To be continued)




					Taming Billy


					 Chapter 7


	Despite two large chilled enemas that made Billy shiver and put his cock
and balls into cold storage, he quickly regained his normal rock hard state when
at the insistence of Tracy they administered a third enema composed of warm
soapy water. While it was filling his lower intestines, Kim sat on the edge of
the tub and gave her brother one of her professional, porn star blow jobs,
complete with plenty of kisses to the head of his twitching prick and a gentle
massage of his balls which came out of their hiding place in response to the
warmth generated by the contents of this enema. She ran her tongue around his
ball sack and then over his balls and finished up by licking the length of his
throbbing cock. She planted a series of loud wet kisses to the tip of his cock
and even stuck the tip of her tongue into his piss hole.

 	That did it, and Billy proceeded to drench Kim's face and hair with a
gigantic load of cum that had been churning away inside his balls. Tracy and
Lucy watched in awe as the teen stud covered his sister's face from brow to
chin, until she looked like a glazed doughnut. Tracy glanced over at her mom and
grinned,  "Looks like you are in for a long hard session if that's any
indication of what he's capable of after everything we've done to him today." 
Lucy sighed and nodded. " I just want to make sure that there is no way he can
get off that bed, or I'm a dead woman.  As long as I can control him, I have
plenty of tricks to use to keep him under my thumb."

	Tracy was very interested in what Billy voided after this final enema.
She remembered watching one of those bizarre Japanese porn flicks showing a
bunch of slave girls in a brothel taking one enema after another and shamelessly
voiding them into buckets. What interested her was the fact that after a couple
of enemas they were squirting nothing but the water that had been put into them.
What she saw here confirmed that. That led her to come up with another idea of
how to further humiliate and perhaps calm her fractious son. She wondered what
his reaction would be when they forced him to recycle an enema he'd been given.
To her way of thinking it would blow his mind if done with the right kind of
staging. She would bring this matter up tomorrow when they got together for
their next council of war; that is provided that her mom survived her one-on-one
session with Billy.

	Once they had Billy tied down to the bed and made sure that he wasn't
going anywhere, Tracy and Kim gave the boy a going away present, jacking him off
relentlessly until he deposited two loads of cum onto his heaving belly. As they
left, Lucy was making her grandson lick his cum off her fingers, while with her
other hand she was already coaxing another erection from him. For the next hour
Lucy worked the boy's cock without let-up, jacking it into her mouth, rubbing it
between her big soft tits, sliding it up and down her slit and even pushing the
head into her armpits and rubbing it into her sweaty flesh. That got him off
once, a big surprise as far as she was concerned. Maybe there was more to Billy
than just a fixation on cunts.

	Since she wanted to keep his mind off fucking her senseless, which
seemed to be his way of communicating, she tried engaging him in conversation
while he was recuperating from his latest ejaculation. She noticed that it was
taking him as long as twenty minutes to recover his hard-on by now. Compared to
the men she had been with throughout her life, his performance was still off
scale despite the efforts of a trio of hot ladies who had spent the better part
of twelve hours bringing him to one ejaculation after another. She had lost
count of the times that he had shot off since they began the process of taming
him, but it must be approaching twenty-five times at least.

	Lucy had a breakthrough of sorts while she was letting him tit fuck her.
She had oiled up her big knockers and settled down on her stomach, holding them
close so his cock could tunnel between the smooth slick pieces of tit meat that
were sandwiching his dick. When he picked up the pace, indicating an ejaculation
was impending, she would let her breasts fall away, scuttling his chance to get
off for the moment. Then she would repeat the process and watch as his cock
pistoned in and out, its head scarlet and coated with precum. Suddenly he spoke,
startling her.

	"How come I'm always getting picked on by every woman I meet? The
teachers at school are always giving me a hard time about all the boners I get
in class. I can't help it if half the girls in the class are giving me a look at
their tits or showing me that they're wearing bikini panties with see-through
crotches. Worse than that, some of those teachers are showing me plenty as well,
especially when they keep me after class for a talk. That's how those first two
got their hands on me. Now it's you and mom and Kim. What's going on?"

	Lucy was so surprised that she forgot to keep track of what his dick was
doing and the next thing she knew she was being splattered with a blast of cum
that hit her on the chin and even got up her nose as well. She gasped and
coughed to clear the sticky goo from her nose. Billy was laughing at her
discomfort and that made her lose contol. She smashed her fist down on his hard
dick, telescoping it into his groin and bringing a strangled gasp from him as
the pain washed over his body.

	"I'm done taking any nonsense from you, young man! You may be able to
dominate your poor mother and rape your sister, but if you try anything funny
with me I will make you wish you were born without that nasty dick you seem to
be so proud of. How would you like to meet some of my gay friends? I'm sure
they'll have all sorts of ideas on how to calm you down. You'd look real nice
with a dick in your ass while another one choke fucks you and two guys are
taking turns jacking you off. Too bad you won't be able to get off because the
cock ring and the ball stretcher are keeping all that cum bottled up inside you
until your balls turn blue."

	Billy hadn't been spoken to like that ever in his short life, and he lay
there with his mouth open and a funny look on his face. For the first time he
was facing a woman who wasn't afraid of him; in fact he was kind of afraid of
her, especially since he was tied up and unable to do anything about protecting
himself in the event she got pissed off at him. For some reason that he didn't
understand he was getting a hard-on that wouldn't quit. He really wanted to fuck
his granny in the worst possible way.

	He remembered back to when the teachers were fucking him over and how he
sort of got a funny feeling towards them, especially for Ms.Forbes, despite the
bad things they were doing to him. Then it hit him that the same feeling came
over him even stronger when the spinsters were doing him. For some crazy reason
he was getting the hots for that skinny skank, Florence, that was the ringleader
of the pack of evil bitches that were trying their best to ruin him for life. He
was secretly looking forward to ass fucking her, not so much to hurt her, but
because she seemed to enjoy his big cock reaming out her tired old asshole.

	The boy was so engrossed in thought that he even lost his erection,
something that usually did not happen. His dick might go to half mast, but the
flag never came down entirely. Lucy noticed this remarkable event as well and
took full advantage of it. "Billy, I want you to tell me when you started to
have sex, and who taught you what to do? Was it your mom, Kim or some other
woman? Tell me, I want to know." Billy looked her in the face and said nothing
for a time. Her heart began to sink, then he started to tell her a very
interesting story that certainly went a long way toward explaining his behavior
these days.

	"I started playing with myself when I was six or seven, it was fun even
though I wasn't getting off then. It still felt good to touch my cock and make
it get hard. That felt good, real good. A couple of years later I was shooting
off, not much, but I was popping my nuts. Then I started peeping on Kim, and
then mom. She was a lot more fun to look at because she had a nice hairy cunt
and those big knockers that I never got tired of jerking off to. Then one day
Kim caught me looking through the keyhole while mom was taking a bath. I had my
dick out as usual and was beating my meat like there was no tomorrow. That's
when I heard this giggle and I knew I was screwed!"

	"For the next two years she owned me. At first she just liked to make me
play with my cock while she looked and played with herself. I used to get off
real fast when this happened, since she'd always take off her panties when she
did herself. I didn't realize then that girls didn't shoot off like I did. Mom
never got wise because she was too busy trying to get somebody to marry her
again. Most of the time when she went out on a date, she would either bring the
guy back so he could fuck her and stay the night, or she'd stay over with
whoever she let pick her up."

	"Either way that meant Kim had all sorts of time to think up nasty ways
of humilating or hurting me. One of her favorites was to make me jack off
without stopping to see how many times I could shoot off before my cock got too
soft to do anything. Some nights I'd go for two, sometimes three hours before my
dick was too soft and sore from the constant stroking for me to keep going. Then
she'd say I was a fag or a sissy boy because a real man could go all night. I
didn't know any better so I took her insults pretty hard."

	"One night she ordered me to lick her pussy after I had been jerking off
for a couple of hours. I didn't like it one bit because I was sort of worn out
and her pussy didn't turn me on like it normally did. She got mad and gave me my
first spanking. It hurt, but I had to lay there and take it. Then she made me go
back down on her and this time she was wet and her pussy smelled funny. I licked
her for maybe half an hour and then she started shaking and moaning. I didn't
know that she was having an orgasm, so I thought that somehow I'd hurt her. I
got scared when she rolled her eyes and started flopping around on the floor
like she was having a fit."

	"After that I spent most of my time licking her pussy. I got real good
at it, so good in fact that she blabbed about me to one of the girls in school.
Carol was a couple of years older than my sister, and she was no prize in the
looks department. It's funny that her younger sister, Connie, who is a skinny
skank, is now one of my regulars that work on the wonder cock these days. That's
what the girls that fuck me regularly call my joint. Carol was the first pussy I
ever fucked, and that really turned me on. I could not fuck her enough. That
started bugging Kim and the next thing I knew she was having me fuck her as
well."

	"I guess the only reason I never knocked them up was because Carol knew
enough about boys that before she let me fuck her, she made me cum two or three
times. By then, my cum was sort of watery, but there still was a lot of it. A
few times Carol brought a rubber and then they would go at me from the minute
they walked in and didn't stop until the rubber was too loose to keep on my
prick. They would take turns sucking the cum from the rubber every time I came.
Carol said she loved the taste of my "scum", that's what she called it. Carol
wasn't into having me lick her pussy too much, but she and Kim did it to each
other a lot. I used to watch them when I got too tired to fuck. That always got
me hard again and then we'd go back to fucking up a storm. Those were great
times."

	"Things got weird when Carol got a steady boyfriend, actually it was
some older guy who was out of high school even. He knocked her up and they had
to get married. That was the end of the three of us, now it was back to just me
and Kim. That wasn't as much fun at all. Kim started to complain that I spent
way too much time fucking her pussy and I never seemed to have much time to eat
her like in the old days before the arrival of Carol. She bitched and moaned
that all my fucking was making her pussy sore most of the time, and she wasn't
enjoying it much anymore. She started to cut me off for days at a time. That
made me mad and so I used to grab her when I got horny and fuck her anyway, no
matter how much she cried. My dick had really gotten big by then and I could
fuck like nobody's business. Kim just could not handle all the cock I was giving
her. She threatened to tell mom about me and that made me really nervous."

	"She figured that if she could convince some other girls to put out for
me,that would lighten the load enough for her to take care of the rest. She also
thought that I'd be willing to even eat her pussy more often in exchange for
getting all that extra pussy from her girlfriends. It didn't work out that way.
Every morning I'd wake up with a monster hard-on and I needed to have Kim take
care of it. During that time mom was going at it hot and heavy with a couple of
guys and was never around. Kim couldn't handle those morning sessions, and one
day she just upped and ran away from home."

	"I started inviting girls home so I could have a supply of pussy to fuck
after school. In the mornings I had to jack off and at school my horniness
started to get me in trouble. One of the teachers, she was kind of old, maybe in
her 40s, took pity on me and would take me over to her place at lunch and let me
fuck her for a couple of hours just to prevent me from jumping some of the girls
at school during classes."

	"Her name was Ms Johanson and she was from Sweden where everyone was
encouraged to fuck as much as they could. At least that's what she told me when
we weren't fucking. Lucky for me the class I was ditching every day to fuck her
was taught by a woman who was a real good friend of hers, and almost as horny.
On weekends Ms Johanson and her would invite me over so I could fuck both of
them, which was a real good deal for me."

	"Although I never attacked any of the girls during class, there were a
few close calls even though I was getting plenty of pussy from the teacher. The
problem was I didn't get any pussy in the morning. If mom had been around I
would have gotten her to fuck me and then everything would have been fine. 
Things got so bad at school that mom had to come and talk to the principal about
my behavior. That seemed to shake her up since she already had Kim fly the coop,
and she didn't want to lose me as well."

	"I was so horny that the first night we were both home I dragged mom out
of the bath tub and took her into my room for a good pounding. I'd been peeping
on her and the sight of her big jugs and hairy pussy, in those days she never
shaved it, made me crazy. She gave me a hard time about it until I started
ramming her good, and then the next thing I knew she was fucking back almost as
hard as I was giving it to her. We must have fucked until early in the morning.

	 I barely made it to school. If mom hadn't refused to let me fuck her
that morning I never would have gone. Thank goodness Ms Johanson took me over to
her place and we did it without stopping for anything until she was too sore to
let me fuck her anymore. She limped around all afternoon and a few of the girls
I fucked regularly figured out that I must have fucked the poor woman bowlegged.
They started calling her Tex behind her back, but I don't think she cared."

	After school I talked a couple of girls into coming over to my place so
I could fuck them. Mom met us at the door and told the girls to go home. Then
she marched me upstairs to my bedroom, took off all her clothes and let me do
her as much as I wanted, and by then I had worked up a real appetite for some
pussy. Mom was a much better lay than any of those girls at school and she was
at least as good as old Ms. Johanson, but I told her she was better. That made
her glad and she gave me a great blowjob for the compliment. Mom could really
give a good blowjob. I guess she'd been getting in a lot of practice with all
the guys she'd been fucking over the last couple of years.

	We had some pizza around ten that night and went back up to my room so
we could continue fucking. We were both full and so we did it from the side and
had a great time until the pizza settled and we were able to go back to her
underneath while I did pushups on her, my dick going all the way inside her on
every one. Sometime later we got tired and fell asleep. Early the next morning I
woke up with my dick in mom's mouth and she was sucking it like there was no
tomorrow. I barely made it to school that day."

	Lucy hadn't said a word during the entire time Billy told her how things
came to be what they were with respect to his mother and sister. If she was to
believe everything he said, Tracy had some explaining to do, as did Kim. On the
other hand it was quite obvious that Billy was an untamed force of nature. He
fucked, therefore he was, or some such thing.

	She wondered if they would ever be able to tame this young stud. Worse
yet, what would he ultimately become? She could easily imagine him becoming a
gigolo, or a pimp or even a porn star. Would he be able to rule the three of
them, turn them into willing slaves who lived only to be fucked by his hard cock
day in and day out? Part of her shivered with lust at the thought of being his
sex slave. It had its attractions. At her advanced age she would be getting some
of the best cock in the world, probably every day until he ruined her cunt or
got tired of fucking such an old women.

	That struck a chord; there seemed to be a constant theme running all
through his story, older women attracted him, he just might be able to be tamed
by a steady diet of well aged pussy delivered regularly by a bevy of hot holed
oldsters who lived to fuck and be fucked. Perhaps Billy might enjoy being made
the fuck toy of women like Florence, Beate, Adele, Julia, Ms Johanson, not to
mention herself and perhaps even Tracy. That just might work, once everyone had
paid their dues for what had transpired in the past few weeks.

	What might happen to Kim in such an arrangement? Could she be made into
some lower class type of sex slave that had to serve not only Billy, but his
mistresses. That thought made her pussy get wet, very wet. In her mind's eye she
could see Kim, hands cuffed behind her back servicing Billy's cock with her
mouth while she, Mistress Lucy, reamed out her asshole with a gigantic dildo.
She could clearly see the pattern of welts on the girl's back from the most
recent beating she had received from Mistress Florence, and the words tattooed
just above the cleft in her ass, "Property of Billy and Company". She began to
frig herself while Billy looked on with a quizzical expression on his face.

	The key to any of this dream coming to fruition lay in the ability of
the three of them to convince Billy that there were limits to what a real woman
would tolerate, even from a stud such as himself. She would have to take the
leadership role in demonstrating the power that a mature woman possessed; a
power that made them almost invulnerable to his raw fuck energy. Let him
continue to have his way with the younger and less challenging ones, he would
soon tire of a steady diet of empty headed females who had nothing unique to
offer the boy in his blind quest for sexual satisfaction. In time he would learn
to value the talents and experience of the well preserved older women who would
never stop seeking the perfect fuck until the day they died. To put it another
way that he might understand it, the question was, "Who loves you baby?" There
could only be but one answer.



					(To be continued) 




						Taming Billy


						  Chapter 8


	Lucy decided to begin Billy's education that very night. He was in no
condition to object to anything she chose to do to him, and there were lots of
tricks she had in store for him. She opened her assault by giving him a slow
blowjob with plenty of choking, spitting and smooching. Lucy managed to get
almost three-quarters of Billy's cock down her throat after trying for what
seemed like an eternity. What made the process so lengthy was that every time
she choked and had to spit his cock from her throat, she'd let him hang there
helplessly, his stiff dick throbbing with anticipation. It took nearly a half
hour before she allowed the boy to shoot off, and Lucy had to admit that when it
came to generating and ejaculating sperm, this little fellow was right up there
with the big boys.

	She varied the treatments she gave his hard meat, and at the same time
she probed his body for all those things that really turned him on, especially
ones that he didn't like her to know about. Those were the real treasures to
find, for they were the keys to his ultimate sex personality, which was still in
its formative stages. One of her favorite tricks that was usually successful
with most men, worked like a charm when she tried it out on Billy.

	 She started out giving that super sensitive region between his asshole
and balls a nice slow going over with her tongue, tickling his asshole on
occasion and laughing to herself at his reaction to this naughty maneuver. When
she gave his asshole a nice long, wet kiss he jumped like her lips were on fire.
She grinned from ear to ear at this reaction, then began to move up to his
balls, leaving a trail of saliva in her wake.

	Lucy captured first one and then the other tight ball that was churning
away to produce the next blast of cum that would soon be erupting from his
cannon of a cock. She very carefully sucked each until the boy gasped from the
new sensations that he was experiencing from his very knowledgable granny. After
giving his testicles a good soaking in her saliva, she pressed on towards his
throbbing cock.

	On her first pass she used the flat portion of her tongue on the length
of his stiff dick, gliding like a serpent up to the top of his hard meat. Upon
her arrival she swirled her tongue around the purplish head of his twitching rod
to scoop up the precum that was oozing from his piss hole. As she did this, he
pumped his hips in a vain attempt to use her mouth to get him off. Lucy backed
off and then gently bit the head of his cock, not enough to hurt, but just
enough to let him know that he was at her mercy. Billy calmed right back down.

	To make sure he understood his precarious position, Lucy gently nipped
the rigid length of Billy's cock from tip to base, interspercing her bites with
wet, gentle kisses. Upon reaching that sensitive region where she had begun,
Lucy gave the boy another treat. She slowly licked from his asshole to his balls
until that area was soaked with her saliva. Then she gently blew on it, setting
off a reaction that made Billy moan. Her warm breath colliding with her wet
saliva caused a cooling sensation that turned this area into a mass of pebbled
flesh.

	This time when her tongue poked and licked his asshole he moaned, and
pushed his body against her tongue in a blind effort to get it inside him. At
that point Lucy knew she was well on her way to taming Billy. She rewarded him
by kissing his asshole over and over as he writhed in pleasure at all these new
sensations that were blasting away some of the built-in macho attitudes that the
lack of discipline had allowed to take root inside him.

	Lucy was smart enough not to overdo things. She let him calm down and
then quickly moved to capture his cock in her mouth. She watched his face as she
jacked his hot hard prong and sucked it using another little trick one of her
lovers had taught her one long, lazy afternoon when they had nothing better to
do then fuck and rest up so they could fuck some more. When Billy came, it was a
flood that filled her mouth and squirted from between her pursed lips. There was
so much that it choked her slightly and the next thing she knew his cum was
bubbling from her nostrils. The look on the boy's face was priceless. To Lucy
this little embarrassment was a small price to pay for the inroads she had made
into his attitude towards women.

	She took this opportunity to take a bathroom break, her old plumbing
wasn't as strong as it used to be. Lucy wondered if Billy was up to taking a pee
while his old granny watched. When she returned she had an empty milk carton in
her hand. "I think you probably need to take a piss around now. We've been goin
at you hot and heavy for nearly half a day, your bladder must be bulging." Billy
nodded happily as she spoke.

	 "Now I'll hold that nice big cock of yours steady and you just take
your time getting started. A lot of boys and men get a little spooked when they
know a woman's watching them when they go. I hope you're not one of them." It
turned out that Billy had another problem very common to men, he couldn't piss
with a hard-on, and as soon as Lucy put her hand around his dick, it sprang into
life. "Ain't you just the living end!" she exclaimed. "Guess your old granny
will have to take the starch out of that big hard thing you just grew. Hope you
don't mind me giving you a hand job now. I have another treat I was fixing to
give you next, so just consider this an act of mercy and nothing to be taken
very seriously. On the other hand, maybe you can imagine that it's one of our
little girl friends whacking you off. I'll bet you get plenty of that."

	Poor Billy, his old granny was so much smarter and infinitely more
devious than he was. He didn't even realize that she was planting some seeds
that would take root in him and make it easier for him to become a slave to the
wiles and wants of older women, carefully selected for him by his dear old
granny. Little did he know that soon Kim would be gone from his life if Lucy had
her way, and perhaps even his mother might no longer be waking him up with a
morning blowjob and tucking him in at night after he dumped his final load of
that day into her always available cunt.

	To Lucy this was just another opportunity to gain even more control over
her grandson. A handjob was not the mundane exercise that Billy thought it to
be, rather it was just another example of the superiority of the mature woman
over the young girl. A she skinned his cock with practiced strokes, Lucy
calculated that she must have provided nearly ten thousand handjobs to the
hundreds of sex partners she had since she started doing serious sex when she
was around twelve years old.

	For years before she had only one man to practice on, that being the old
one who lived with them and was not shy about having this little girl help him
out when it came to getting off. Lucy's parents gave a blind eye to this
situation, arguing that keeping it in the family solved a lot of problems.
Granddad got taken care of and Lucy got to do some practicing on her sex skills,
which her mother knew were very important to landing the right kind of a
husband. It was her sexual talents that had landed her current husband, a rather
well-off man in his late 40s who was madly in love with her pussy. She didn't
know or care about what other parts of her he cared about, just as long as he
made a beeline to that gash between her legs every other night or so.

	To Lucy it was the sign that she was now a woman when her step-father
took her cherry. It did not sit well with her mother, but that was the way
things were and somehow the two of them worked matters out, sharing him and on
occasion joining to make it a threesome.  It was the latter arrangement that
probably held the marriage together. He had the best of all possible words,
youthful beauty and well-seasoned knowledge, both at his beck and call. No other
woman could offer what these two provided.

	In spite of the fact that she was daydreaming as she stroked away on her
grandson's hard cock, Lucy's hand was doing some very interesting things as it
moved the skin up and down on his dick. First she went fast, with short, strong
strokes, listening for the tell-tale signs of rapid breathing and sudden
movements of the boy's body as he got ready to shoot off. Then it was time to go
to a lower gear, very long strokes delivered with agonizing slowness, but with
lots of pressure applied to his solid column of sex flesh. Once again he neared
release, but once again she changed gears, now moving to an almost machine-like
set of movements, so many fast, so many slow, now a shorter set of fast ones and
a longer set of slow ones. Then the ultimate tease, a set of strokes that were
so fast her hand became a blur. Then with a loud "OOOPS" her hand flew off his
twitching prick, leaving him hanging between hell and heaven.

	Lucy grinned down at Billy and knew she owned him. He was too busy
trying to will hmself to cum, but was too young and inexperienced to pull this
feat off. "Need some help my little stud muffin?" Lucy asked with a mischievous
twinkle in her eye. Billy could only hump the air in frustration. Moments later
she had him sending the first of a number of powerful spurts arcing into the air
and landing on his heaving chest and stomach.

	After he filled half the carton with his pee, Lucy left him to stew, his
cum drying to a tacky finish on his sweaty body. "When I get back I'm going to
give you a real treat. You are going to get the chance to fuck your dear old
grandmother in her ass. How does that sound? My asshole is as tight as any of
those girls you fuck and besides it knows some nice tricks once it has itself
wrapped around that hard dick." All Billy could do was offer her a little boy
smile that spoke volumes. The poor thing had no idea what to expect when he got
his chance to cornhole this old woman who knew more than all of those other
females he'd ever fucked put together, and that included his mom and sister.

	Lucy took a nice long shower, douched and then spent a few minutes
packing her asshole with half a jar of lube that she found in the medicine
cabinet. This was a gift from the gods as far as she was concerned; she'd been
looking for some vaseline. It was nearly four in the morning and she figured
that even after she let Billy have his fill of her asshole, he'd still have
enough left over to want to do some more poking around in her cunt. This was the
reason she had douched. She had other plans as well; with a little luck she just
might entice the boy into eating her twat, something every male who aspires to
become master of the pussy must have in his repertoire. Knowing that it smelled
and tasted fresh and clean gave her an edge. Learning to properly eat pussy was
a very lengthy process, but there was no time like the present to start teaching
the boy.

	She decided to start this phase of things out by teasing him a little.
Lucy stretched out on top of her grandson, her back to him, and moved around
until his hard cock could begin burrowing between her thighs. They may not have
been the firmest thighs in the world, but Billy didn't care a hoot about that.
The sensation he experienced as he fucked away between her thick columns of
flesh was exciting as hell. He'd never had any of his fuck dolls do something
this radical to him. In fact he had gotten off big time on every kinky thing his
grannny tried out on him that long night and morning. He couldn't believe that
she had made him lick his own cum off her fingers just about an hour ago after
she had jacked him off so he could take a piss.

	She was able to control Billy by figuring out how hot he was getting by
the way he worked his dick between her thighs. It was kind of nice to relax on
her back and watch his hard length of meat appear and disappear from sight. She
couldn't help but tease him by tightening her thighs so the friction she
provided was increased, bringing him closer to getting off. Then she'd open them
a bit and feel his body tensing as her movements once more frustrated his desire
to splatter his cum all over her thighs and probably up on her tummy as well.
She made a mental note to start exercising to keep her gut from getting too big.
After all, she was going to be bedding this force of nature on a regular basis
if she had her way, and that meant she'd have to be in good shape or he was
liable to fuck her to death one night when she wasn't paying attention.

	Lucy leaned back, tilted her head almost coquettishly and said, "How
about giving your granny some nice tongue so she can suck on it and get herself
nice and hot so she'll let you ass fuck her as hard as you can for as long as
you can." Billy wasted no time filling her mouth with what seemed like about a
foot of hot tongue. As she began sucking on his warm, wet offering, Lucy thought
to herself that she was taking a big chance letting Billy loose on her tender
asshole. It had been some time since a hot young stud with energy to burn had
tried to ruin her shitter. Compared to Billy what she had taken from the
teachers was like a walk in the park. The thought of really having her rectum
wrecked and her shitter split wide open sent a shiver through her body.

	She decided to give herself an edge, another sign of her experience in
such matters. Lucy squatted over Billy's groin and spread her cheeks wide apart
to help Billy locate the chocolate starfish, as many of her friends called that
little bud. His first powerful stroke caught her off guard and she gasped as
about half his hard cock crammed its way inside her tight shit chute. She
struggled to keep her balance and that gave him an opportunity to do more
damge,and he took it. He blasted his way almost entirely inside her stretched
shitter and she felt as if he was boring into her guts. She leaned over to take
some of the pressure off and he started jackhammering away inside her. Lucy
fought for breath and more importantly a degree of calmness. She had misjudged
his strength and was now paying the price for her error. She decided that a
little pain would be a good lesson for her; "pride goeth before the fall" was
what went through her mind as she was battered mercilessly by this stone-hard
weapon he was using on her.

	The moment she resigned herself to being punished for her pride, Lucy
relaxed and regained control. Now he was pistoning away in her asshole using
rapid short strokes, his body bowed with the effort it required. Lucy leaned
even further over the boy and raised her crotch a few iches. The result was a
great deal of relief on her part and even more work for poor Billy. She began to
take full control over this union of her asshole and his dick. She suddenly
dropped her crotch down and swallowed every inch of meat that Billy could offer.
He was too surprised to take full advantage of it. By the time he got it back in
gear, she was already moving that asshole up and away from any further damage.
She never lost contact with his cock, but she was in full control of how much
and how fast he could feed it to her. Lucy was on top in more ways than one.

	She let Billy tire himself out as she moved her crotch up and down,
sometimes dropping it so he could whale away using the full length of his tool,
and then raising it so only the head pummeled her rectum and kept her sphincter
muscle open for further damage if given the chance. When she began moving her
asshole from side to side Billy had no answer. When she actually spun her body
around so that she was facing away from him and now pounding her ass up and down
on his groin his attack slowed even further. Finally she settled her full weight
down and literally prevented the boy from using any leverage, thus completing
her triumph. She couldn't help teasing him. She bounced her body up and down a
few times for emphasis and then asked sweetly if he would like her to help him
get rid of all that ball juice that was probably corked up inside his dick.
Billy groaned. Then she sprang her trap.

	She dismounted and knelt by him, her big tits inches from his face. "On
the other hand since you failed to do me like I hoped you might, I think you
should do something else for me before I do something for you. Now be a good
little boy and suck on granny's tits until those nipples get nice and pointy.
Then granny's going to set herself down so you can start kissing her pussy and
maybe give it a lick or two as well. How does that sound?"

	Billy's loud groan told Lucy all she needed to know. He was about to
start on the road that led to being her personal pussy slave, at least for the
next year or so. It would be good for the boy; it would build some character and
well as make him a triple threat when it came to the ladies. Suffice to say
Billy's first venture into the wonderful world of pussy eating was less than
stellar, but it was a start and that's all Lucy was hoping for.    

	What really made him crazy was afterwards when she mounted him and let
Billy bury his cock as deep inside her pussy as he could jam it. Then she gave
him a big smile and locked her thighs together to keep it in place. Billy
frantically tried to get some leverage so he could begin fucking his granny the
way he did the rest of his partners, but she would have none of that. The moment
he was able to give her a couple of fast strokes, she'd just roll off his dick
leaving him high and dry. She did this to him again and again, until he learned
to do things her way.

	Her way meant long french kisses, the sloppy kind that left plenty of
spit on each other's face. Then the slow rocking of her hips as she gave him the
opportunity to deliver some short strokes to that wet and warm tunnel that was
her cunt, her old, loose cunt. When she started sucking his tongue, he nearly
came without so much as moving. This was weird stuff she was demonstrating. This
was something new in the boy stud's life and he was beginning to really get into
this. Now when he came, it was different, more intense, more powerful, and it
seemed to go on for a lot longer time.

	His granny was really showing him plenty of new things and he began to
realize that she was a hell of a lot better as a fuck partner than any of the
cunts he'd been nailing. By the time Kim and Tracy showed up to relieve Lucy, he
was well on the way to becoming her slave. They just gawked as he and his granny
kissed passionately just before she got up from the bed and slowly made her way
from the bedroom. The minute she was gone he started humping away inside of
Kim's tight cunt as if nothing of significance had occurred while he and Lucy
had their meeting of the loins.



				(To be continued)




					Taming Billy
					

					  Chapter 9


	Even though she was very tired from keeping up with Billy's needs, Lucy
decided she had to make a number of phone calls to set her revised master plan
into motion. Her first was to Adele and Julia. The weary and wasted teachers
were only too happy to listen to Lucy's instructions. Their days of challenging
her authority when it came to Billy had been ended permanently thanks to their
session as Lucy and her brood's guests. Adele was told to speak to Florence
concerning an opportunity to make things right when it came to what she and her
friends had done to Billy. To sweeten the deal Adele was authorized to offer
Florence and a few, to be agreed upon, members of her circle of friends regular
access to Billy, under supervision of course. The meeting was to take place at
some neutral location, such as a local bar which had a ladies night every week,
and was to involve only Florence and Lucy.

	Lucy's next call was to an old friend, Serena, who was a well known
dominatrix with a large following. For a time Lucy had toyed with the idea of
joining Serena in her business, but finally and reluctantly decided that she was
too hooked on cock to make the transition from a user to an abuser. As she now
knew, her tastes had matured to the point that any sex would do. Kim's arrival
had made that self evident. Still the thought of having control of the wonder
cock attached to her grandson made her panties get wet whenever she gave it
serious consideration.

	As luck would have it Serena had just finished a lengthy session with a
very wealthy, and aged client which had left her frustrated. "Lucy, you don't
know the problems a slave like Jarvis creates. He's so willing and he pays for
the privilege of being chastised by me without any complaint. However it is
becoming very apparent that his body is becoming too frail to endure all those
nice and naughty things that we've been experiencing together for the past ten
years or so." Her words brought a smile to Lucy's face, this one was going to be
easy. She prepared to set the hook.

	Lucy filled in Serena on how she became involved and the goings-on that
occurred all because of her grandson who seemed to be a force of nature when it
came to sex. A force that was badly in need of taming. She could almost see the
look on her old friend's face. Billy was a challenge, just what she needed to
recharge herself and get those juices flowing properly once more. When Lucy
casually mentioned that the boy seemed to have a weakness for dominant older
women, she heard palpable evidence that Serena had been hooked and all Lucy had
to do was reel her in. She could not resist tweaking her old friend, as she
innocently asked, "What was that sound I just heard? It was as if you had
swallowed something that went down the wrong pipe. Are you OK?"

	There was a long pause before Serena answered that all was fine and when
would Lucy be needing her services. She laughed to herself and wondered what
Serena might say if she asked for her to be here tomorrow. She quickly stiffled
such a thought and told Serena that her presence would be appreciated as soon as
she was able to free herself from any near term professional obligations. Lucy
almost broke into laughter when her friend asked for the address where Billy was
located, and once told, said she'd be there the day after tomorrow. The plot was
thickening and beginning to look very good for her, and very educational for her
grandson, Billy.

	Just before falling into bed Lucy peeked in to see how mom and sis were
handling Billy. It was a rather one-sided affair it seemed. Billy was pumping
away like a madman while his mother just held on for dear life, her body being
buffeted by each thrust of his rock-hard cock as it knifed in and out of her
fuck box. Kim was off to the side rubbing her cunt, which looked to be sore and
swollen from her latest encounter with the boy of steel. Lucy now knew for sure
that the only way to tame Billy was through feminine wiles and her poor daughter
and equally clueless granddaughter were woefully ignorant of what it was going
to take to bring this sex crazed stud to heel. She made a mental note to talk to
Tracy about inviting those twin demi-plumpers and that skinny boyish girl,
Connie, to give them a hand in holding off Billy until the rest of the plan fell
into place.

	After a good sound sleep and a refreshing shower, Lucy was ready to face
the world, and that included her grandson who probably had worn out both of his
bedmates by now. She was surprised to see that both Kim and Tracy were still
hanging in there. They were on either side of Billy and taking turns jacking him
off. To level the playing field Billy's cock was tightly noosed at the base,
midsection and just below the head, making his cock appear to be a bloated red
sausage. Lucy winced when she realized they had used plastic ties and those
babies had metal wire inside. Once the rubbing of his dick against the ties got
that plastic stripped off in spots, the boy was going to be in very serious
trouble, the kind no self respecting female relative would put upon him.


	"Whose bright idea was that?" she asked, entering the bedroom. Kim
grinned up at her and replied, "I saw a guy once who was being dominated by a
pro and this is one of the tricks she used to keep him humble. If Billy manages
to blow his nuts more than once an hour tied up like this, then I plan to noose
his balls until he squeaks and maybe rub some hot sauce on them to make things
even more interesting." Lucy's respect for her granddaughter went up a notch,
and she began wondering if perhaps this teenager who some times seemed to be
going on forty, might have the makings of a dominatrix. That was something she'd
have to discuss with Serena when she arrived.

	Fifteen minutes later Lucy sat in the kitchen taking in the conversation
that was going on between Tracy and the mother of the twin plumpers, Gert and
Greta. "You don't say, imagine that. So you and your girls have turned Connie
into a slave and she's staying with you all the time now. What do her parents
think of that?...Oh, she was living with an aunt since her parents divorced and
neither one wanted to take her because she was so screwed up, I see. I guess her
aunt must have been glad to get rid of her too, wasn't she?... Oh, really! Her
aunt visits at least a couple of times a week and makes Connie, I mean slave C,
eat her pussy while one of your girls fist fucks her cunt." Tracy glanced over
to her mother and showed her a closed fist, then began pumping it back and forth
as she grinned.

	"That sounds too kinky for words. No! She whips her too, that's wild.. I
don't believe it, the aunt uses a cane on her. God that must be a trip since
she's so damnd skinny. I'll bet that cane just cuts her to ribbons..It does!
Twenty of the best across that flat ass every other visit must have her butt
torn to shreds by now. Well I hope the girls can bring her along. We'd like to
use her like a blowup doll so Billy can have a couple of fresh holes to fuck
after he's worn everyone else out. Besides I think I'd like to sample a little
of her tongue again, the last time she did a real great job in getting me off."
Tracy opened her mouth and wagged her tongue, indicating that Connie knew what
she was doing when it came to eating pussy.

	"So we have a deal, your girls and Connie will start coming over
tomorrow for a few hours after school...Don't worry about Billy getting too
rambunctious, we're working on him around the clock and it's only a matter of
time before that cock of his runs out of ammunition. He's tied down to his bed
except when we take him to the bathroom for his enemas and some water sports.
His granny has almost gotten him under control when she's around, but she hasn't
let us in on the kind of tricks she uses....." Tracy smirked and winked at her
mom after she said it. Seconds later she hung up and gave Lucy the high sign,
reinforcements were on the way. Billy's days of ruling the roost were numbered.

	When they returned to the bedroom, Kim was just finishing tying off his
balls. In their absence he had gotten off a tremendous blast that had caught his
sister by surprise and she caught a faceful from his erupting cock. It was now
payback time. "Kim, you look lke a glazed donut! What the devil happened?" Both
woman were doubled over with laughter as the girl sputtered and fumed over what
had happened. Lucy noticed that the boy's mouth was now bulging; Kim had stuffed
something into it that turned out to be a well used pair of Tracy's panties
soaked in Kim's piss. To demonstrate her control over her brother, Kim pinch his
nostrils shut and held on grimly as he struggled to break her grip and get a
lungful of air. His face had turned a bright shade of red before she relented
and allowed him to draw breath.

	The girl had tied each ball individually so they looked like two bird's
eggs. She had then noosed his ball sack and used a pair of ties to, for all
extents and purposes, cut them off from the blood supply that normally flowed
through his scrotum. As they watched she unscrewed a tube of some kind of
linment and began applying it to Billy's ball sack as well as his two imprisoned
testicles. It didn't take look for the stuff to do its thing and Billy began to
frantically hump away into the air as the first wave of heat started to cook his
balls. Kim smiled evilly at her young brother and told him he was getting what
he deserved and there was plenty more where that came from if he didn't calm
down and let them drain him of all that aggression. Lucy was very impressed and
could hardly wait to hook up Serena with Kim.

	That evening Lucy sat down with Florence to discuss burying the hatchet.
Lucy was quite taken by the fact that Florence reminded her of Serena; they both
had the same kind of figures, thin, almost gaunt, with smallish breasts and
asses that were still firm and had a degree of roundness left in them. They both
also had faces that were strong and lined from experience and the hard times
that sometimes came upon strong women. Despite what this woman had done to her
grandson, Lucy felt herself being attracted to her. She found herself wondering
how she smelled and tasted, especially after she'd gotten off a few times. This
musing led inevitably to whether or not Florence was the type that might share a
bed with another strong woman, such as herself. Lucy would have been amazed to
find that similar thoughts were running through Florence's mind as she sized up
Billy's grandmother.

	Over a couple of drinks and while stuffing dollar bills into the speedos
worn by the male dancers, the two of them came to an agreement on compensation
for Billy's injuries and the kind of sharing that would take place between the
two sides. Florence didn't give in easily to the suggestion that Beate not only
be turned over to Lucy and the family for punishment, but be banned for at least
one year from having any contact with Billy. They finally split the difference
on that matter. Florence would be turning herself over to Lucy for discipline
the following weekend, and Lucy could hardly wait to get her stripped down and
in cuffs so she could do all the things she was fantasizing about doing to the
woman as they talked. For her part, Florence's panties were quite damp by the
time their meeting broke. She was hoping that Lucy was the type that liked to
punish her opponents by making them eat her pussy, and perhaps even forcing them
to suck her tight puckered asshole as another form of penance.

	When Lucy returned she took over for Kim and Tracy who were having a
much easier time now tht Billy wasn't able to get off so often. She did however
return in time to watch him go off like a rocket for the third time today. His
load arced completely off the bed and splattered all over the floor as he
grimaced in pain. Managing to cum when both his balls and cock were tightly
restricted was no mean feat and the energy it took drained the teen of much of
his strength. Lucy couldn't help noticing that his cock was going from a deep
purple towards becoming black, and that worried her. She took in the sight of
his swollen balls that also were on the verge of turning black. Kim had bragged
about the fact that Billy's cock and balls were so numb that she could bite them
without getting any reaction from her brother. Lucy shooed them from the bedroom
and then she began releasing Billy's sex organs from the fiendish constriction
of the wire-cored plastic ties.

	The youth screamed into his gag as the first traces of sensation began
to accompany the arrival of fresh blood to his horribly swollen cock and balls.
Lucy hurried down to the kitchen and grabbed a tray of ice cubes which she
applied to his swollen privates to assist in the reduction of the incredible
swelling that had developed over the last twelve hours or so. Billy was on the
brink of a complete physical breakdown without knowing that by tomorrow Gert and
Greta, in concert with slave C, would begin their mindless attempts to drain him
dry. Then there was the specter of Selena who would grind him to dust in only a
matter of days, especially in his current weakened situation. In some ways she
felt very sorry for her young grandson, but another part of her knew that this
was necessary in order to harness the youth's powers to serve her and all those
other deserving mature women. Deep down inside Lucy had visions of being
surrounded by mature bi-sexual women all eager to not only feast upon her
grandson, but also keep their benefactor, Lucy, properly rewarded for including
them in her intimate circle of friends.

	About an hour later the swelling had gone down considerably and Billy
was no longer sobbing from the terrible pain that radiated from his groin. Lucy
took the liberty of loosening his gag and giving him a glass of water which he
drank in gulps and then pleaded for more. The second glass was emptied just as
quickly. Evidently neither her daughter or her daughter had enough sense to
realize that they were driving the boy into a dehydratd state which could have
very serious consequences for his near term health.

	 Lucy decided to continue her attempts at taming Billy. She gave him a
choice of either fucking her in the ass for the next hour or so, or eating her
pussy and sucking her asshole. He opted for the latter choice in a flash. Lucy
knew that she was gaining ground on him. It surely was just a matter of time
provided the  others didn't make him fuck himself to death which would be a nice
way to go if you were in your seventies, but a horrible way to die if you were a
teen.

	Lucy went through a couple of trays of ice before Billy finally drifted
off to sleep for the first time in a few days. She thought it funny that his
mouth and chin were coated with her cunt juices that had flowed like a fountain
once he got the hang of eating his granny's pussy. Lucy smiled at her sleeping
grandson and thought about whether he could be trained to be as good a pussy
eater as he was a cocksman. Now that was something worth while; she made a note
to see about starting to bend the boy's interest in sex towards more compatible
avenues that led to his loving grandmother's added pleasure. Starting tomorrow
Billy would be facing overwhelming odds against continuing as he had. Serena
would soon set him straight and the new reinforcements would slowly wear him
down to just a nub if all went as planned.

	Billy was nearly his old bad self by the time Tracy and Kim went to work
on him. Lucy made sure that they knew that she was very disappointed in the way
they had mistreated the boy. "How could you two just stand by and put your flesh
and blood into a condition that might very well have led to him losing his cock
and balls or worse still, dying. We're trying to tame him, not kill him. I'll be
keeping a close eye on you two, so be very careful what you do to to my little
grandson. Any more shenanigans like yesterday and you'll answer to me." Her
daughter and Kim acted properly contrite, but Lucy was still determined to make
sure that they didn't get carried away again.

	The following day she went out to the airport to pick up Mistress
Serena, which was the way her old friend liked to be addressed by all but a few
very close friends, including Lucy. The flight was on time for a change, and
soon she was reunited with her dear friend. No one who looked at Serena would
imagine in their wildest dreams that this woman who looked as if she taught
school was a full fledged dominatrix known from one end of the country to the
other in those special circles. Serena had iron gray hair cut short, but not
like a butch. She was dressed tastefully in a conservatively cut dark jacket and
pants. She wore wire rimmed glasses and very little makeup, just a touch of
blush and a faint trace of pale reddish lipstick. Serena carried a small
overnight bag as well as a purse that hung from her shoulder. The two old
friends exchangd pleasantries as they headed for the parking lot.

	Once on the road their conversation immediately switched to the subject
of her visit, Billy. Serena was interested in everything about the boy; his age,
height, weight, the size of his cock, how often he could ejaculate in a day, his
attitude toward girls, women and older women. Lucy answered as well as she could
and then a second wave of questions followed. What kind of a relationship did he
have with his mother, sister, grandmother, his sex partners from school? When
had he begun to become a boy toy for those older women such as the teachers and
spinsters? She nodded and sometimes frowned as Lucy did her best to give her a
brief hisotry of the events that had led her to seek Serena's assistance.

	Then Serena asked what type of discipline they had been trying on the
boy. She dismissed their feeble attempts to use excessive force as being
counterproductive. Serena did commend Lucy for the approach she was trying, but
stated emphatically that in concert with what else was going on simulataneously,
Lucy's approach did not have a chance to take root because of all the
conflicting forces that were in play. Then she gave her old friend an
affectionate pinch on the arm and told her not to worry, Billy was far from
being a lost cause. "Everyone involved must be reading from the same page, and
since I have penned the pages, they must do my bidding or leave the field to
those that will." Lucy heaved a sigh of relief when she heard those words.


				(To be continued)




					Taming Billy


					 Chapter 10


	Lucy realized that the twins and Connie had promised to come by today
and give the others a hand in dealing with Billy. She was anxious to see how
that was working out. Serena smiled as Lucy described all the things she had put
into motion since her evening with Billy. Once they arrive home she and Serena
made a beeline to the bedroom to check on the progress that the teen
reinforcements were making.

	As they entered, Gert, or was it her sister, Greta, poked her head up
from Billy's groin, but still retained a firm grip on his twitching dick. The
other twin was lying prone between his spread thighs licking the boy's swollen
balls. Lucy laughed to herself when she discovered that slave C, the erstwhile
Connie, was missing from the bedroom. She knew full well where that young lady
was and who she was tonguing and sucking. The twin on top recognized her and
without a word went back to suctioning Billy's cock. Serena took in the tableau
with a faint smile and suggested that Lucy show her to her room so she could
freshen up and prepare herself to met Lucy's grandson one on one.

	Once done with that task, Lucy decided to drop in on her daughter to see
how things were progressing between her and slave C. Things were as she thought
they'd be, but she was astonished at the appearance of the emaciated teen with
the bright fire engine red hair, cut as if someone had placed a bowl over her
head and snipped off everything that protruded from it. The girl had her hands
cuffed behind her back and she wore a dog collar around her neck  She was on top
of Tracy, her head buried between the older woman's thighs as she noisily went
about the business of bringing Tracy to an orgasm. Tracy in turn was holding the
waif's welted cheeks apart and tongue fucking her gaping anus.

	Lucy moved closer and gasped when she saw the condition of the girl's
back. It bore a crisscross pattern of welts and cuts that covered dozens of
patches of purple-black flesh obviously cause by being beaten with some kind of
blunt instrument. There were also regions of burned skin that ran from her back
to the calves of her pipe stem legs. Lucy did not like what she saw at all, the
poor child was being systematically tortured by those that she was staying with.
She suspected that the girl's gaping asshole was not a condition caused by
anything that had happened this afternoon.

	At that time Tracy began pumping her hips and pounding her muff against
slave C's face. The girl did her best to continue sucking her partner's cunt as
it quaked and quivered. Tracy kept shaking and moaning as the big one rippled
through her naked body. Lucy watched as her daughter clutched the girl's welted
bottom and dug her nails into the bruised and tattered flesh, adding a few fresh
wounds that almost immediately disappered into the mosaic that was her
brutalized ass.

	She checked back to watch the mismatch between Billy and about three
hundred pounds of plumpness, big tits and wet, sloppy pussies. One of the twins
had mounted the boy and was bouncing her big body up and down on his groin,
grinding her hot teen cunt around and then back and forth as he panted and
pounded away at that moist mountain of fuckmeat. Her sister had taken up
residence on his face. His head was captured between her massive thighs and she
was giving his face a thorough washing with her dripping cunt which just
recently had been filled to the brim with his latest load of baby makers. These
two were really doing a job on the helpless stud. It was interesting to see how
aggressive they now were since he was bound tightly and unable to do anything
but what they decided he should.

	Lucy wondered what would happen if she shipped the boy over to the
twin's place for a week or so. She guessed that between the twins and their
mother, who weighed in at a svelte two-forty, they'd work about five to ten
pounds off his body. She wondered what they were doing to slave C besides
beating and torturing her. The girl's gaping asshole indicated that there must
be really big things going up her once tight asshole for hours at a time.
Perhaps mom was inviting some of her kinky friends over to have their way with
the slave as well. She formed a mental picture of slave C, naked, her belly
bloated to obscenely large dimensions, being raped front and back with huge
motorized dildos as she serviced a long line of middle-aged ladies all well over
two hundred pounds with thick patches of pubic hair that she tirelessly groomed
as she licked and sucked up everything that oozed from their big, stinking
cunts. The thought made her start to get wet, and she debated about joining in
and helping the twins drain her grandson's heavy balls.

	The more she thought about the twins and their heavyweight mother, the
more sense the idea made. If Serena was unsuccessful with Billy, then perhaps
she might make a deal swapping Billy for slave C. That way Tracy could have a
good time dominating the girl, but not ruining her for life while Billy was
trimmed down and drained by the plumpers as well as their friends. She could
imagine the boy on his back, wrists and ankles roped tightly to the corner of
his torture bed as one after another, those big women bounced and trounced him
into a puddle of spent cum and sweat. She could see them marching the boy down
to the bathroom where a few of them waited with filled enema bags containing
their best recipes for turning his insides into a roiling mass of jelly. Lucy
shook herself and decided to see if she could find Kim and get this itch
stirring in her cunt taken care of.

	The twins and slave C took their leave a few hours later. Billy had been
calmed down somewhat by their efforts, but Lucy knew that it was only a matter
of perhaps an hour before Billy would be ready to go full blast once again. She
had been able to spend some quality time with her granddaughter, Kim, and that
itch had been properly scratched by the teen's flickering tongue, warm wet lips
and a handful of fingers inserted into all the right places. Now it was time for
Serena to make her appearance. Lucy went to her friend's room and knocked. She
stepped across the threshold and there stood Serena in her dominatrix attire.

	Lucy could never get over that costume; it lacked leather, latex and
chains. She wasn't wearing high heeled boots or carrying a whip. Instead she
stood there in her conservative heels, taupe colored hose hooked to the
suspenders on the old fashioned girdle and her smallish breasts captured in a
canvas-like material composing the coned bra cups. She wore her horn-rimmed
glasses that made her face appear almost pinched, no makeup at all and a velvet
collar snugged around her neck. She was about as non-threatening a version of a
dominatrix as one could imagine. This was part of her success. Her clients were
lulled into a false sense of security or were reminded of their mother or aunt
or whoever had set them on the path that ultimately brought them to her. Serena
smiled and said, "Shall we go and visit your grandson and begin showing him the
error of his ways?" Lucy laughed and made way for her friend to take the lead.
It was then she saw the leather case she was carrying under one arm.

	They caught Billy taking a catnap, probably recharging his cock and
balls and trying to regain some of his strength. Doing weight lifting using the
twin plumpers sure put a strain on his back and tired him out from head to toe.
He stared at Serena, not knowng what to make of this older lady who was dressed
in things he'd only heard about. She wasted no time establishing herself as one
not to be toyed with. Turning to Lucy she said, "So this is that bad boy you've
been telling me about. He doesn't look so nasty to me, he's just a little boy
with a cock that's a bit above average in size. So what makes him so fearful to
you ladies?" As she spoke, Serena opened the case and began transferring its
contents to the table by Billy's bed.

	The teen's eyes grew large as he watched the collection grow. There was
a short handled crop, a number of clips and clamps, a leather bag, a dildo
attached to a handpump, some tubes of mysterious materials and a pocket rocket
vibrator. Serena smiled at the youth and in a soft voice added, "There's some
other things waiting for you in the bathroom and downstairs there are a few more
that I may have to introduce you to if you continue to act like a little boy and
defy me."

	Serena settled down besides Billy and took his cock in her hand, gently
stroking it and observing its response, which was rapid. She slowed her hand and
gave him long, steady strokes, pulling his penis skin back until he winced in
pain. Now her other hand cupped his balls and began to apply pressure as she
continued to work him up to full hardness. The boy was now gasping at the end of
each long firm stroke, which she held to make the skin on his penis stretch to
its elastic limit.

	She began to croon, almost acting as if he wasn't present. It was just
Serena and his hard cock. "Let's see what we can do to make this bad little boy
calm down and go back to sleep. I wonder if my little crop can do the job, this
thing in my hand is a lot smaller than my crop. Let's see what happens if I
whack it a few times across that nasty looking bulge at the top." Billy's eyes
popped as she reached over and took the small crop in her hand and swished it
through the air to get his attention and plant the first seeds of fear in him.
Lucy was shocked when her grandson spoke. It could be hours between sentences
for him, no matter what the situation. Billy was not the most articulate teen
she'd ever met.

	"Grandma, why are you letting this old woman do this to me? I thought
you and me were going to be friends. What a bummer!" His words cut her to the
quick, part of her did feel as if she had betrayed him. After all, she was the
one who had invited Serena over to tame him. It was almost impossible for her to
explain to her grandson who felt betrayed, that what was going to happen was for
his own good, and with some luck to her advantage and enjoyment as well. Lucy
took a deep breath and steeled herself for what was to follow.

	The first lash came down on the top of his cock, splitting the head
neatly in two, and bringing a scream from the boy. "That will never do" Serena
said to no one in particular. "Lucy bring me what's soaking in the toilet and be
quick about it. Use the pail to carry it here, and don't forget to wear the
rubber gloves in the pail." As usual Serena the consummate dominatrix had
thought of everything in advance. Lucy hurried from the room just as the second
stroke was delivered to the hard column of twitching flesh that jutted up from
between Billy's thighs. His plaintive wail cut through her like a knife as she
hurried down the hall.

	Even when she was in the bathroom hurriedly transferring the soaking wet
panties from the noxious toilet bowl to the pail, she could hear his cries of
pain and rage as Serena laid into him with her crop. Lucy remembered watching
her use this implement on many of her clients and the cries that came from them
as she painted their naked bodies like an artist working on a canvas. It was the
same when she returned to assist the dominatrix in effectively gagging Billy
with Tracy's piss-soaked panties that must have been soaking in the toilet for
hours. She kept up her steady tattoo of strokes to the boy's hard cock, working
the crop up one side, then giving the head plenty of attention before moving
down to the base. Soon it looked as if Billy's prick had been painted a shade of
angry scarlet and at the same time pumped up in size.

	"Care to take a ride on this bad boy's cock? I'm getting a bit tired of
whipping it." Serena said, landing a solid shot to its quivering tip. More in
the interests of protecting her grandson from further punishment, Lucy mounted
him and tucked his raw swollen cock into her pussy, which was surprisingly wet
considering what she had just witnessed. Billy proceeded to punish her cunt like
he wanted to drill right through her body and come out her mouth. His fury
caught her by surprise and she hung on for dear life as he battered her fuck
tunnel until she could hardly stand it. So she did what came naturally, she
straightened up, grabbed the boy by the hair and started to fuck him back with
some heavy duty moves of her own. Serena clapped her hands in glee and urged her
friend to give him hell.

	In this battle of the bodies and wills Lucy held her own and after a few
setbacks she managed to ride Billy to a nice creamy finish. The boy flooded her
well fucked cunt with enough cum to get half the female population of the city
pregnant. For once in her life Lucy was happy that she had gone through
menopause. She dismounted and then on a whim she scooted up and dropped her cum
loaded cunt onto the boy's face. "Now you suck all that nasty stuff out of your
poor grandmother's pussy and make sure you get every last drop. Now get a move
on or I'll take that crop and really give that cock of yours a good beating."
Her threat got his tongue moving and she settled back and enjoyed the sensations
he provided as he slurped and sucked her fuck box clean.

	When Lucy was satisfied that her grandson had swamped out her juicing
tunnel to the best of his ability she slid off of his body and glanced over at
Serena who was busy assembling a spreader bar which soon held his legs wide
apart. It was a simple matter to tie the bar to the headboard of his bed,
exposing Billy's tender ass and surrounding area. While Lucy and Billy were
fucking like jack rabbits, Serena had taken a walk to the kitchen and returned
with a tray of ice cubes. Now she and Lucy took turns shoving the contents of
that tray into Billy's asshole. At first he didn't feel much, but after half a
dozen cubes were melting in his rectum, his teeth began to chatter. Serena
played with his cock and noted that it had lost its stiffness completly as the
cold spread further into his insides.

	"This is a good time to cage that bad boy." observed Serena as she shook
his limp cock. Lucy smiled and slipped another cube of ice into his chilled
asshole. The cage consisted of metal mesh shaped into a cyclindrical form. She
fit the cage over his limp cock and locked it into place. It was simplicity
itself. If his cock began to harden it would encounter the thin wires that made
up the cage. Lucy remembered watching one of Serena's clients turn his caged
cock into a lump of bloody meat as she mercilessly stimulated his prostate with
a vibrator. She kept at it until he passed out from the pain. It took him six
weeks to fully recover and then he was back for another treatment. It took all
kinds to keep Serena in the style to which she had grown accustomed.

	A second tray of ice cubes was put to use on his balls. Lucy and Serena
took turns applying cubes to his nut sack and gradually his balls shrank and
began to rise into his abdomen. Serena teased the boy about his puny equipment
and commented that she had a chihuahua who was hung better than he was.
Meanwhile Lucy was rubbing a cube up and down his groin area making him shudder
and twitch, helpless to prevent this terrible teasing his body was receiving.
Serena grew tired of insulting Billy and watching him slowly regress to a nearly
infantile state. She picked up her crop, swished it through the air once, then
twice to get Billy's undivided attention, and proceeded to lay into his tender
ass with a fury.

	"You miserable excuse for a stud, take that and that and that!" Her
words were punctuated with the sound of leather eating into the boy's ass
cheeks, leaving a trail of welts from top to bottom. "Want a piece of him?"
Serena asked as she grew tired from whipping Billy's ass. Lucy reached out her
hand and took over. The sight of Billy totally under control and completely at
their mercy inspired her to really let herself go. She began whipping him
between the cheeks, coming down vertically to turn that crevice into a bleeding
furrow as blow after blow fell into that super sensitive region. Billy began to
cry, tears welling up and flowing down his cheeks as he was brutalized by the
two women.

	Lucy was so wrapped up in the whipping she was delivering to her
grandson that she didn't notice that Serena had wiggled from her girdle. For
some reason Billy did, and that is what finally made Lucy glance over to where
her friend stood in just her heavy utilitarian bra and a pair of red rubber
panties. Serena grinned at Lucy and patted her crotch.

	"I've been wearing these all day and I'm positively dripping. I thought
I might get the sissy boy, the little cry baby here, to clean me off real good
before we take him down to the bathroom for his nice big ice water enemas.
There's enough cubes left in the freezer to make up at least two big enemas or
three medium ones if we want to loosen his asshole up for the fisting he's going
to get afterwards." As she spoke Billy's eyes got bigger and bigger as her words
sank in.

	Serena hooked her thumbs into the elastic waistband of her rubber
panties and pulled them down to reveal a cunt that featured a set of thick
wrinkled lips and a fat clit hidden beneath the nearly crimson folds of skin
that made up its hood. This was the cunt of a mature woman who had a very active
sex life and was proud of it. Lucy couldn't help noticing that Serena's pubes
were not in their normal perfectly waxed state; instead there was a visible
stubble covering her mons. She smiled and ran her fingers over the pepper and
salt growth.

	"You evidently forgot a few things from our days together. Let me jog
your memory, remember the client who loved to have his lips and tongue rubbed
raw while he ate my pussy until his face was a bloody mess?" Lucy's jaw dropped
as it flashed back into her memory. She had been repelled by the sight of all
that raw, broken skin and the blood that oozed from almost every pore on his
face. The prospect of watching her grandson's face turned into raw hamburger was
not appealing to her, but she knew that she had brought all this down upon Billy
by her decision to bring Serena into the battle to tame him.

	Billy eagerly agreed to the trade of the pissed soaked panties in his
mouth for the dripping cunt of this nasty woman who had put him in a world of
hurt, and looked to continue until he was reduced to a bundle of quaking flesh.
He was returned to his former position on the bed, but his legs were still
locked into the spreader bar. Serena wasted no time dropping her wet, rough
textured cunt onto the boy's face and moving it around until she was satisfied
that his tongue could reach all those nice spots that made her feel good. She
then set about training Billy to learn how to properly eat her pussy.

	 So for the second time in less than two days, Billy was being trained
by an older woman to learn how to give her pleasure instead of the other way
around. He was too young to really understand all about female domination, but
he was beginning to enjoy the way these older ladies took charge and demanded
that he do things their way. Even at his young age, he'd had enough dealings
with teenage girls to realize that they were all the same, except for some minor
physical differences that didn't really matter much since his only interest was
fucking their cunts and assholes plus having them suck him off.

	In fact, he wasn't even impressed by his mother, who just took whatever
he gave her and made no effort to either resist or take charge. She was
definitely not fun any more. His sister Kim, on the other hand, seemed older and
more experienced than his mom which confused him a bit. Then Serena moved her
juicing twat a few inches to the right and pushed it hard against his tongue and
he got busy trying to figure out what she expected from him. This wasn't a bad
thing at all, and he was beginng to like her smell and the way her fuck hole
tasted. The boy was beginning to accept his role when it came to having sex with
this dominant woman who didn't take any nonsense from him. There was only one
little problem, his cock was beginning to harden.



				(To be continued)




				Taming Billy


				 Chapter 11



	Serena knew exactly what she was doing. The dominatrix was well aware
that Billy was beginning to get sexually excited by this new world she was
introducing him to. She understood the consequences of his actions, even though
he hadn't. It was not her intent to cause him physical harm, but a good scare
would do wonders for his behavior. She enjoyed his fast tongue working on her
stubbled vulva; this one had potential and she was going to enjoy actualizing
it. Billy suddently felt the first sharp pain as his swelling cock encountered
the sharp wires that made up the cock cage. He gasped and his tongue stopped
lapping up the moisture that had begun dripping from the old woman's cunt.

	He felt her weight increasing as she pressed down harder on his face,
making it more difficult for him to breathe. The combination of pain and the
panic caused by the growing lack of air had the desired effect and his cock
began to shrink back into the confines of the cage. Serena's face broke into a
knowing smile as she felt his tongue beginning to once again maneuver itself
into one of her special places. This one was learning; perhaps it was time for a
little reward for his obedience to her wishes.

	"Would my little sissy boy like to stick his nasty tongue into Serena's
hot and nasty brownie? I'll bet the sissy boy would love to taste Mistress
Serena's asshole, wouldn't he?" She added emphasis to her rhetorical questions
by adjusting her body so that his nose was buried in the cleft formed by her
plump ass cheeks. Billy's cock once more hardened and this time the contact was
longer and even more painful as his mind fought the battle of self preservation
versus the forbidden fruit that was within his reach.

	Serena was astonished at the rapidity with which he was adjusting to her
dominance over him. However she was a wise woman and realized that someone as
unformed as this teenaged boy could not be trusted just because he showed a few
signs of acting like an adult. He had to be punished and humiliated further so
that he would become even more malleable to her wishes and training.

	Her decision caused her to once more create a situation where Billy's
attention was drawn away from his focus on her and devoted more toward his own
well-being. It was an easy matter to shift her body ever so slightly and making
breathing most difficult for him. She could not resist wiggling her well rounded
bottom back and forth over the boy's face, teasing him unmercifully as she
allowed him tiny wiffs of air before suffocating him some more. His cock
responded in kind, growing and shrinking to suit the degree of pain and pleasure
he was receiving.

	Finally Serena looked over to where Lucy was standing, her eyes taking
in every move that the dominatrix  was making. "I think that Billy needs to be
milked some more, or he's going to hurt himself." Lucy nodded in agreement, part
of her wishing that Serena had let things go a bit further. It would have been
interesting to see how much pain Billy would have allowed himself to endure in
order to satisfy her good friend. Then she shook her head to clear it; had
things gone further his cock would have been cut in any number of places. She
drew the line at such a result.

	Serena unhooked her bra and freed her smallish pear shaped breasts.
Billy's eyes homed in on the sagging bags of fat and skin, his cock hardening
and pressing up against the cage. Lucy was absolutely amazed at his behavior.
Here he was surrounded by girls and women, including herself, who were quite
well endowed in that department and Billy hardly seemed to notice. Yet the sight
of his old woman's sagging breasts was enough to give him an erection. How
strange was this?

	Lucy hadn't figured out that the key to taming her grandson lay in his
secret wish to be dominated by a strong woman, one who he feared and loved at
the same time. These desires were hidden deep within his subconscious and were
just beginning to surface as the result of Serena's presence. Dominance and
submission were the things that this woman was very familiar with; it was her
livelihood and her life, all rolled into one.

	Billy's cock sprang free of the wire cage and began to stiffen almost
immediately. Serena settled herself besides the boy and offered him her tits as
Lucy began stroking this hard cock. "I want you to kiss them and make my nipples
get nice and hard. Then I want you to lick them all over while your granny tries
to get you off. I don't want you to come until I say you can. Now get busy and
pay attention to my titties." For many long minutes Billy's mouth was clamped to
Serena's tits, suckling them like he was a baby nursing. Lucy was awe struck at
what Serena was making him do. It was as if he was regressing, going back to a
time when his whole world revolved around his mother's teats to fed and comfort
him as he adjusted to this new environment.

	Lucy kept stroking her grandson's stiff cock, trying to bring him off.
Normally he would have exploded by now, especially after having his cock caged
like that. She looked over at Serena who gave her a knowing smile and mouthed
the words, "keep going" to her. Lucy cupped the boy's balls in one hand and gave
the top of his dick a series of swift short strokes. That approach had never
failed her in the past no matter what the size of the dick or the age of its
owner. It took three tries before Billy's cock shot an enormous load of hot
thick cream all over her hand and up onto her face and chest. She was glad she
had stripped down as soon as Serena began working on Billy. At least that blast
of boy goo hadn't ruined her clothing.

	Serena's angry response to this occurance took Lucy by surprise. The
dominatrix pulled her tits away and muttered that he hadn't asked her permission
if he could come. "I am not used to being disobeyed, especially by a sissy boy!
I am about to teach you a lesson that you will never forget.... Lucy help me get
this disobedient sissy boy into the bathroom. We have work to do so that this
kind of behavior can never happen again." For some odd reason Lucy felt her cunt
beginning to get wet with anticipation of what was in store for her grandson.
She could hardly wait to see what terrible punishments her friend would mete out
to Billy.

	The young stud muffin offered no resistance when he was momentarily
freed from his bonds. He obeyed Serena's orders to put his hands behind his back
so they could be cuffed. He winced when the dominatrix's hand closed round his
scrotum and gave his balls a hard squeeze. "When we are through with you those
balls will be the size of beebees and probably be hiding somewhere inside your
abdomen. By then you will even look like a little sissy boy with your shriveled
little weenie dangling down like a limp piece of meat, all raw and sore."

	Lucy was astonished at the boy's reaction to Serena's threats; his cock
was hardening. She had evidently tapped into another hidden part of his
personality. Lucy's cunt was positively dripping as she fantasized about what
she might do to this tamed teen once Serena had turned him over to her tender
mercies. In her mind's eye he was naked and securely restrained to his bed which
was soaked with his cum and the juices of all the women of the family who were
enjoying his tongue and cock regardless of the strain it put on his body, now
considerably leaner from all the sexual activity he was being forced to engage
in with them and their friends, who now where a legion.

	Once inside the bathroom Serena and Lucy busied themselves preparing the
first ice water enema that Billy would take. The boy just stood there watching
the two naked women mixing the ice cubes in with the cold water from the tap,
filling the large red rubber bag until it bulged. He had a tremendous erection
by the time Serena had him bend over at the waist as he stood before the tub.
She arched her eyebrows in the direction of Lucy and smiled as she readied the
nozzle, which would not be lubricated. This was a punishment enema despite his
sexual excitement at the prospect of taking it.

	Just before she jammed the long black plastic nozzle between his cheeks,
Serena slapped his butt and remarked, "Look at how big the sissy boy's dick has
gotten. I'll bet he's dreaming that he's eight years-old again and his mommy is
going to give him a nice warm, sudsy enema to make his poor tummy all well
again. I think she must have played wih his little pee-pee to take his mind off
of the discomfort when his poor tummy got so full and those nasty cramps began
to hurt his little tummy real bad."

	As Serena mimicked the breathless voice of some brain dead drudge of a
mother preparing to get her little fantasies satisfied by this kinky method,
Billy's cock turned into a bar of high-strength steel, almost vibrating; it was
that rigid. Lucy made an O with her lips pushing out from her face, and Serena
nodded her approval. Lucy settled her naked body on the edge of the tub and
reached for her grandson's super stiff cock, ready to begin sucking it lovingly
as his intestines started filling with this icy purge.

	Serena pushed the nozzle deep into the boy's asshole, bringing a grunt
then a gasp as the dry length of hard plastic pressed past his sphincter and
entered his rectum. Lucy captured his balls in her hands and wrapped her mouth
around the head of his dick just as the first rush of frigid water entered his
colon. His naked body shivered from the cold that began spreading out from his
rectal area. Lucy's cheeks hollowed and bulged as she applied suction to his
cock to keep it from shrinking as his body temperature grudgingly fell. Her
hands gently caressed his balls as they shrank. She heard the slap of Serena's
palm against the lower portion of Billy' pale cheeks that were beginning to
pebble from the chill.

	As Lucy continued to keep her grandson's cock in its erect state, Serena
was toying with the boy as well, raking her fingernails across his nipples that
were soon like two stones sticking from his chest. She ran her nails across the
lower portion of his belly, very close to where Lucy's mouth was working.

	 "I wonder what used to go on in here when this sissy boy was younger
and his mommy would fill his little belly up until he thought he would burst. I
wonder if she did more than just hold the nozzle, perhaps she played with his
little weenie to get his mind off all those nasty cramps. Maybe she did more
than that. Maybe she kissed the head of his little pee-pee or perhaps she licked
the drops of precum that kept dribbling out from the tip. I know the type. These
are the kind that turn their boys into monsters that don't know any better
because mommy was too selfish."

	Lucy could not believe her ears. Her daughter, the mother of little
Billy, may have molested him when he was younger and turned him into this
uncaring aggressor that had utterly no respect for women, at least not until
Serena had come upon the scene. As these thoughts ran through her mind she
continued to suck and lick the boy's cock, bringing him closer to an
ejaculation, but still in control of the situation. Serena leaned down and
whispered for her to keep him on the edge and do what was necessary to prevent
him from coming until she allowed him to.

	Lucy's hands began to apply a steady and growing pressure on his
shrinking balls, bringing a gasp of pain from him. This sign was all she needed
to let her know that she could indeed control him from getting off until Serena
allowed it. Billy was about to have a crash course in obedience, and Lucy was
already scheming for a way to take over his training and the benefits that would
accrue from being in this position of authority over this youthful force of
nature.

	By the time the contents of the red rubber bag had been transferred to
his intestines, Billy's belly was round and full, pressing against Lucy's
forehead as she continued to suck his cock but not enough to where it would
explode. He grunted and his cock twitched in her mouth when Serena yanked the
nozzle from his asshole and slammed a bung into his gaping hole to seal up his
bloated body. "Now my little sissy boy, you'll hold this until I decide to let
it out. In the meantime I'll play with your little weenie just like your mother
used to do, but you will not come until I say you may. If you disobey me his
time I will keep you plugged for an hour and all during that time I'll take the
crop to that little weenie of yours until it's nice and fat and worth my time to
make it shoot off again."

	It was with a great deal of reluctance that Lucy let Billy's stiff shaft
escape from her mouth. Now she used her hands to keep it hard, but not so hard
that it would twitch. Serna joined in at this point and teased his balls with
her nails and on occasion would squeeze the head of his cock until it started to
throb. This would be the signal for Lucy to squash his balls until that big
length of boy-meat calmed down. Somehow Billy managed to retain his composure
sufficiently to finally cause Serena to announce that he could now come and she
wanted to see a gusher shooting from the tip of his dick.

	Unfortunately for the boy, she had one last trick to play on her victim.
She signaled Lucy to squeeze his balls as hard as she could when she saw Serena
nod. Lucy had to make room so that the dominatrix could take control of Billy's
cock and jack it furiously to bring him to the moment that he had been trying to
achieve for over an hour. Then she nodded and Lucy clamped his pulsating balls
just as they were about to trigger off a stream of cum that had been swirling
around within them for what seemed to be an eternity. Billy let out a scream of
agony mixed with frustration as the wave of semen that should be rushing to exit
into the air was stopped by a wall of terrible pain from the fierce and unending
pressure that his grandmother was applying to his sore balls. Billy could not
deal for long with this situation and he proceeded to faint dead away,
collapsing onto his grandmother.

	They rolled Billy into the tub, yanked out the bung and let him foul
himself as he lay in a pool of his own wastes. After hosing him off they got the
boy back on his feet and prepared another enema for him to take as he mumbled
and sobbed in frustration and humiliation. Lucy eagerly suctioned his cock back
to full hardness before Serena released another wave of chilled water into his
roiling intestines.

	This time as she inserted the nozzle, she did it almost in slow motion,
pushing it into him slow inch by slow inch, pausing to move it from side to side
and teasing his prostate as it was quickly pushed in and out of his asshole
before settling back into the original position. Then the process was repeated
once more. All the while Lucy enjoyed the sensation of her grandson's cock
reacting to all the teasing he was getting.

	That hard dick twitched and throbbed, growing harder and if possible a
bit longer as the tormenting continued. Lucy began to fear that he would fill
her mouth with a huge load of cum even before the enema began to fill his
bowels. Then she took some independent action and began to apply pressure to his
balls and she was merciless.By the time Serena released the clip to start the
flow, his dick was only half-hard as the result of the brutal treatment that his
granny had dished out to his sore balls.

	This time Serena took over teasing his cock while Lucy made sure that
the flow of ice water was properly monitored. She could not help seeing what
effect moving the nozzle back and forth within his asshole had on Billy. Lucy
discovered that the boy's cock responded when the nozzle was moved to a
particular position, meaning that it was contacting his prostate. She had to
push it in to a certain depth and then bend it upwards until his cock began that
lttle dance as Serena skinned it with practiced skill.

	During her association with Serena professionally she had never seen the
mistress employ her mouth when it came to getting her clients off. This was the
situation as she teased Billy to the brink and never let him take that last
small step that would have freed his balls of the load of nut butter that
churned within. Her hand alternately caressed and squeezed his tight balls,
controlling the boy's sexual urge and driving him crazy from the frustration of
not being in command.

	One of the tricks Serena used to add to his misery was to grip the base
of his cock in a grip of steel and then steadily slap the head until the boy's
cock was bouncing and bending and little moans of pain were issuing from his
lips. Then she would grind the sensitive head against the palm of her hand and
listen as he panted and grunted, trying to generate enough friction from this
contact to bring himself off.

	Midway in this enema Lucy was instructed to refill the bag to its limit.
Serena continued to torment the boy's cock and bring him to tears as his belly
rounded and grew to the point that he looked as if he were pregnant with at
least twins. Billy by then was begging and pleading for relief from the unending
pressure that made him feel as if his insides were on the verge of bursting.

	Just before the bag was empty Serena struck Billy's cock with a vicious
blow that made him turn white. She had used her closed fist to drive her
knuckles into his dick at its center causing him to bellow in agony and hop up
and down as he tried to do something to reduce the pain. "Be still sissy boy or
I'll hit you even harder!" she spat, theatening to give him another punch to his
enflamed length of tortured flesh. Billy broke down and began to cry like a
baby, his will on the verge of being broken for the first time. It would not be
the last if Lucy knew anything about how Serena operated, the standard against
which all those in her profession were judged.

	The weeping youth was once more plugged and made to wait in agony as
Serena and Lucy took turns tormenting his cock, bringing him close but not
allowing him to come. At the suggestion of the dominatrix, Billy was given the
opportunity to take his mind off the agony that was now being generated by the
inexorable force of the water against the walls of his intestines and the
internal organs now struggling to accommodate to this intruding menace.

	Lucy gingerly stepped into the tub and bent forward, spreading her
cheeks with her hands and offering Billy the opportunity to worship her asshole
with his tongue. He didn't have to be instructed as to what was expected from
him. He dutifully began to kiss that chocolate starfish guarding his
grandmother's rectum as she wiggled her bottom to make sure that his tongue
worked on those regions that gave her the maximum pleasure despite whatever
problems he might have. Serena took a turn massaging his bulging belly, crooning
that her little sissy boy looked so sexy now that he was pregnant.

	"I'm going to give my little sissy boy a nice treat for being so
obedient this time. Mommy's going to give her little sissy boy a good ass
fucking with her big fat strap-on dildo once that nasty load of water is let out
and her sissy boy can bend over and let mommy do him in the asshole until he
shoots off all over the place. Won't that be nice? Don't you just love mommy to
pieces for doing that for you?"

	Lucy was so enjoying her grandson's tongue worshipping her puckered
asshole that she almost missed what Serena was promising her sissy boy. As
Serena promised to sodomize her grandson his tongue went wild, stabbing at her
anus, then slobbering noisily over her butt cheeks as he licked them like a dog.
"My god, Serena has turned Billy into nothing but a sissy slave. I can't believe
it but his cock is saying that he can hardly wait for his "mommy " to do his
asshole with her strap-on. This is unbelievable!" Lucy was in a quandry for she
now realized that Billy's problems stemmed more from Tracy's mishandling of him
during his formative years than anything else. She began to plan a suitable
penance for her daughter to perform so that she could atone for her terrible
mistakes made while bringing up her son.

	Serena kept at Billy, promising him that he would love her big strap-on
as it split his sissy asshole and made him cry. "Those will be tears of joy by
the time I'm done with your sissy asshole. Then maybe, just maybe, I'll let you
worship my asshole and cunt for a while. Would my little sissy boy with the
little weenie like that?"

	Billy's tongue actually penetrated into Lucy's rectum and the feeling
was electric. Her head was spinning as the boy's tongue wormed its way deeper
and deeper into her dark, moist tunnel, eagerly vacuuming up anything his tongue
dislodged. Lucy had visions of Billy bound to his bed, his thick cock coiled
inside its cage, his fast tongue working away on the asshole of that Teutonic
manhater, Beate, while a long line of well-seasoned, sex-mad women waited
impatiently for a turn on the super sissy boy who would do anything his
grandmother ordered. Then without warning she had an orgasm, a big orgasm, an
orgasm that shook her to the core and made her gush a stream of amber fluid from
her cunt as Billy continued to lap away at her asshole which now opened and shut
in concert with his sucking and licking.



				(To be continued)




				Taming Billy


				 Chapter 12



	The two women watched impassively as Billy voided into the toilet,
releasing lengthy streams of brownish fluid that as time passed became almost
totally clear. Again and again just as he thought there was nothing left inside
of him to void, another series of cramps would ripple through his sweaty body
and more of the huge enema that had bloated his belly to its limit would find
its way out from deep within his bowels. Finally he was able to stand and get
into the shower where the women hosed him down with cold water that kept his
cock limp and shriveled.

	When Billy was allowed to step from the shower stall he was confronted
by Serena, wearing a replica of a gigantic penis belonging perhaps to one of the
more well-endowed members of the porn fraternity. It was constructed from a hard
black rubber composite that gave it the feel of living flesh, at least that's
what many of her clients claimed after they had been reamed wide open by it. Now
it was Billy's turn, easily the youngest ever to experience its unique effect on
his asshole.

	Serena had him bend over in roughly the same manner as when he took the
enemas. Then without any lubrication whatsoever, she pressed the bulbous head of
this monster against his winking anus and pushed. The boy screeched in fear and
pain as his sphincter collapsed under the pressure of this giant invader. It was
Serena who now grunted as inch by inch she forced the dildo into the boy's
asshole. After jamming almost half a foot of this brute into Billy's rectum, she
had the boy straighten to almost a standing position. She reached around to his
chest and dug her finger nails into his hard nipples to give herself some
purchase before plunging further into his tight bunghole.

	Lucy took the opportunity to seat herself in front of the boy and
envelop his semi-hard dong in her warm, wet mouth. Serena laughed when she
realized what her friend was up to. "Let's see if you can make him disobey my
order to not come until I tell him. If you're successful, I'll let you use the
crop on his little weenie while I make him wish he was dead with my big tool.
This is the only way he will learn anything. If you want him tamed, you must be
willing to put plenty of work into him yourself." To Lucy these were the kind of
words she wanted to hear. She decided to do everything she could do to bring
Billy off.

	Another ten minutes elapsed before Serena was satisfied that Billy could
not take so much as another millimeter of this monster. Secretly she was
impressed that this boy could handle so much of that giant tool. Lucy was so
busy sucking on Billy's dick, which was now rigid again, that she wasn't
prepared for the boy's reaction when Serena pulled the dildo back until just the
head was captured in his butthole, then rammed it into him with all her
strength, skewering his tender asshole so badly that he shrieked in agony and
his cock popped from Lucy's suctioning mouth. The pain was so extreme that his
erection withered away in a matter of ten seconds or so, despite Lucy's best
efforts to retain it.

	Lucy angrily slapped at the flaccid boy-cock that seemed to be mocking
her. She'd show this ungrateful brat who was boss, and in one big hurry too. She
grabbed his limp length of meat and played crack the whip with it, making the
head slap against her palm over and over. Serena kept up her steady assault on
Billy's butthole, working the dildo from side to side as well as punching it
deep into his guts, making him moan and tremble as she reamed him out to the
limit. Gradually the friction of the dildo sliding past his prostate began to
have an effect on his limp cock, which grudgingly became erect. Lucy sucked as
much of it into her mouth as she could and got it wet with her saliva. Then she
popped it free and began to jack him off at a furious pace, the sound of her
hand moving rapidly up and down his stiff, wet cock carrying to Serena's ears as
she bored away inside her little sissy-boy's asshole.

	Suddenly Billy stiffened and his asshole clamped tight around the
monster dong as his cock spurted an enormous stream of thick, creamy cum
directly into his grandmother's face, catching her in the eyes and then hosing
down her face before finally spreading some of the white stuff onto her big
tits. It was at this moment that Serena noticed the blood coating her dildo.
Billy's asshole was bleeding, and the amount of blood was substantial. With an
unladylike oath she carefully pulled the dildo free of Billy's gaping anus and
surveyed the situation. Lucy was still dealing with the copious discharge that
nearly had blinded her and didn't realize how serious the situation had suddenly
gotten. When Serena said in a loud and rather shaky voice "He's bleeding, and it
doesn't look good." Lucy felt a cold hand squeeze her chest. What had they done
to her grandson!

	Serena mentally berated herself for letting the boy's resistance get the
upper hand over her professionalism. She knew that this meant she was overdue
for another private session with her own mentor and mistress. She also knew that
she deserved whatever punishment her mentor decided would be appropriate for
this breach of discipline. That done with, she devoted her attention to damage
control.

	She recalled other instances when the client had bled from such a
probing; generally it looked worse than it was because the tissue would quickly
heal once the bleeding was stopped. She told Lucy to get her valise, and while
she was doing this, Serena began to counteract the bleeding with a warm water
flushing of the area to assure that no infection would gain a foothold there.
When a breathless Lucy returned with that black satchel, she quickly found what
she was looking for, and in less than a minute she was gently pushing what
looked like a tampon up the boy's asshole. Contained within the wad of cotton
was an astringent material that began to staunch the flow of blood. Billy was in
too much pain to do more than moan and cry as the poultice did its work. Twenty
minutes later Billy was back in bed and after taking a sleeping pill as well as
a dose of pain killer he fell into a deep sleep.

	Serena apologized to her friend for not acting professionally, but Lucy
brushed her words aside, noting that she had accomplished more in just a few
hours than the combined efforts of three generations of the Lyons' family. Then
she changed the subject to bring up the matter of what kind of punishment to
mete out to Florence and Beate to pay them back for the serious damage they had
done to her grandson. She also confessed that once the books were balanced
between the two camps she would more than likely offer Florence and perhaps a
few other members of her clique an opportunity to assist her in the long term
taming, rehabilitation and training of Billy.

	Serena grinned knowingly at her old friend and replied, "I was thinking
of volunteering to take this youngster under my wing for a few months.  For him,
it would be like attending summer camp."

	It was Lucy's turn to nod and wink. "I can just imagine the types of fun
and games you and your dominatrice buddies would be playing with my grandson. I
doubt if upon his return he'd recognize his old granny unless she was wearing
leathers, boots, chains and had a whip in her hand." Both women laughed and
embraced.

	Their discussion concerning the appropriate punishment for the two women
took a number of hours, so much time in fact that they took a little break to
renew old friendships. As Serena later observed, there was nothing like a nice
session of sixty-nine between old friends to solidify their bond, or was it
their bondage? This brought a smile to her companion and a rematch as well, the
best two out of three orgasms would take the session. After a lengthy struggle
involving tongues, lips and mouths they agreed to a draw, but Serena definitely
wanted a no time limit bout once the matter of the two witches, as they referred
to Florence and Beate, was satisfactorily resolved.

	The next day the twosome reported for their punishment, which when
completed, would result in the books concerning Billy being balanced. The two
stripped down to the skin and allowed their hands to be cuffed behind their
backs. Lucy couldn't resist pinching Beate's big tits and giving her a stare
that promised lots more than this little tweak. "OK ladies, let's head to the
tiled temple where we have a fine collection of killer enemas prepared for your
edification and our amusement." With that Lucy slapped Florence on her
surprisingly firm ass, and pushed Beate down the hall towards the main bathroom.

	"By the way this is my friend Serena, she's going to assist me and Kim
in taking care of you two. I think you and her will get along famously just as
long as you obey her every command. Don't let the mild mannered appearance fool
you, her business is making sure that those who need a little direction and
discipline get all they can handle and then some. She has a waiting list that's
longer than my arm which says something for her techniques. Consider yourselves
lucky, she normally gets paid thousands for what you two are going to get for
free."

	Beate made the mistake of trying to stare down Serena and as the day
wore on she rued that ego trip. Florence groaned when she saw the two bulging
red rubber bags hanging from the shower rod. "We thought you two would need a
thorough internal cleansing considering what we'll be forcing into your bodies
during the day and night. Not only will this little starter do that, it'll also
guarantee the you'll be wide awake around the clock so you can enjoy every
second of what we'll be dishing out to you. I know you'll be disappointed that
Billy won't be able to participate, but he ran afoul of Serena and he's in the
process of recuperating from his  folly." Florence's eyes grew wide, but Beate
just smirked, intensifying the feelingsof ill-will that she was generating in
Serena.

	It was a bit unfair to give them both the same amount seeing as Beate
outweighed Florence by at least fifty pounds, but the older woman had to pay a
little higher penalty since she was the leader, and as such totally responsible
for whatever happened to Billy, even though Beate was the one who did much of
the damage that resulted. Lucy did give Florence a bit of a break, lubricating
the nozzle before slipping it past her sphincter. Serena just jammed the plastic
as hard as she could to get it to enter Beate's rectum. Then to add to the big
woman's discomfort she twisted and yanked it around to irritate the tender mucus
membranes that protected her lower intestines. To her credit, Beate stiffled the
cries that she would have made under different circumstances.

	Lucy and her friend watched with a great deal of anticipation as the
contents of the bulging enema bags were slowly transported into the bowels of
the two women. Lucy grinned at Serena, knowing what was about to occur once the
mixture of chemicals was heated up to just below normal body temperature. At
that point there would be a liquid to gas transition that would cause incredible
bloating within their bodies. Florence was first to feel the effect, letting out
a startled gasp followed by a long drawn-out groan as her belly began to stretch
from the gas that was now bubbling through her intestines seeking a place to
expand. Beate soon joined her, hopping from one foot to the other as her stomach
swelled rapidly.

	Serena nodded and said, "It never fails to have its victim begging for
relief in a matter of minutes once the reaction begins. Soon those two will
promise to do anything for us if we will only stop this horrible pain. Are you
interested in having the large one on her knees licking your asshole for all
she's worth? Or perhaps you have some plans for the skinny one; she'll really
looked distended considering that she's getting the same amount of gas generated
in her as her large friend." Lucy was silent, her eyes taking in the sight of
Florence's belly beginning to pooch out as if she was pregnant.

	Florence and Beate were now on their knees, bellies distended to the
point that the spidery network of veins could be easily seen beneath the
stretched skin. The German plumper had her face buried between Serena's thighs,
her tongue swirling around from the top to bottom of the dominatrix's cunt. Her
gray-haired companion was noisily kissing Lucy's labia, moving to her commands
as her lips pressed against the wrinkled, fat strips of swelling flesh that
guarded her cunt. Lucy sighed and pressed the back of her captive's head into
her crotch, ordering her to push her tongue as far up her cunt as she could and
then hold it there until Lucy was satisfied. The rubber bungs that had replaced
the nozzles once the enema bags were emptied, stuck out from between their
cheeks, much more prominently in the case of the skinny, gray-haired woman. The
only way they could be removed was by the women who they were attempting to
sexually satisfy. Their skin was covered with persiration and every time a cramp
rolled through their bowels their skin pebbled in response.

	Lucy finally suggested that the two women be allowed to rid themselves
of the enemas that were still causing their lower intestines to roil in agony.
Serena agreed on one condition which Lucy happily accepted. They made Beate lie
in the tub and then they removed the bung from her asshole, allowing her to
spray the porcelain with quarts of muddy filth that stunk to high heavens. This
was only the first part of her degradation. Florence was ordered into the tub
and made to squat over Beate's face.

	The big woman realized what was in store for her and before she could
plead for some kind of mercy, Serena reached out and popped the bung from the
older woman's butt hole. A stream of excrement flooded the helpless plumper and
she struggled madly to avoid swallowing any of the mess that inundated her. Lucy
and Serena backed away to avoid bing splattered and to gain some relief from the
terrible stench that was filling the bathroom. To make matters worse, Florence
lost her footing and fell backwards upon her compatriot, and now the two of them
looked like they were mud wrestling.

	Try as they might, they could not get enough traction to get to their
knees so they might escape this noxious mess that they had created. Finally Lucy
took pity on them and ran a stream of water over their filthy bodies and after a
few minutes the great majority of the muck had disappeared down the tub's drain.
She showed them even more consideration by allowing them into the shower stall
so that they could be rinsed free of what remained on their bodies. Naturally it
was a cold shower, but they hardly noticed.

	At this point who should poke their heads into the bathroom but Kim and
Tracy, looking like two cats who had just finished off a cageful of canaries.
"Is this a private party, or can we join in?" Tracy asked as she squeezed Kim's
ass. The girl was naked as a jaybird and her cunt was positively dripping. Lucy
took a closer look at her daughter's face and could see some traces of dried
pussy juice around her mouth. She also noticed how stiff Tracy's nipples were.
She wondered how long those two had been going at it, probably the better part
of half a day she guessed based on the last time she'd seen the pair stealing
off to the upstairs bedroom hand in hand. There was nothing like a nice private
bonding session to make up for a lengthy absence. Serena looked at the two naked
females and smiled. She'd met Tracy once or twice, but hadn't had the pleasure
of meeting this hot-looking teen in the flesh. What she saw, she liked, a whole
lot.

	"As you two can plainly see, there isn't enough room for more than three
people unless we improvise. We were just getting ready to give these two another
enema. Perhaps Kim would like to give her granny a break and join me so we can
get better aquainted." As she spoke Serena glanced towards Lucy a few times and
liked what she saw. Her friend was positively beaming at the idea. So while Lucy
and Tracy got a chance for some recreation time together, the teenager took over
as Serena's assistant.

	Even though she was restrained by the cuffs, Beate decided to offer some
resistance before allowing them to put her through another agonizing period with
these fiendish concoctions that they were bent on forcing into her bowels.  She
used her heft to create quite a bit of trouble for Serena, who was not used to
being physically manhandled by any of her clients. The slim dominatrix was
caught off-guard and slammed into the tiled wall, hitting her head.

	Kim wasted no time rabbit punching the big woman behind the ear and then
switching her attack to her kidney area, landing a series of sharp blows to that
tender area. Beate whirled about to face her and caught a knee that was driven
into her cunt, stunning her. Kim followed this up with a one-two to her gut,
doubling the German over as she tried to get some air back into her beefy body.
It was then that Kim's nails dug into Beate's pillowy tits and raked a bloody
furrow in both.  She screamed in pain but still tried to use her big body as a
battering ram against the buxom teen. Again Kim scored with a knee to the
woman's groin, slowing her attack considerably.

	By then Serena had recovered her senses and she got Beate into a choke
hold and slowly but surely began squeezing the life from her. Kim helped by
driving her fists deep into the big woman's gut. Beate's eyes rolled back into
her head and she slumped to the tiled floor as Florence stood there gawking, her
mouth wide but nothing coming from it. "This bitch will pay dearly for what
she's just done. Get the other one out of here and then come back and help me
teach this fat bitch a lesson that she'll never forget, if she survives it."

	Lucy and her daughter had just settled into a sixty-nine position, 
tongues getting reacquainted with twats, when Kim marched Florence into the room
without  so much as a knock on the door. The two women hastily uncoupled and
stared at the pair standing by the bed. "Hate to bother you, but I need somebody
to take care of this one while I help Serena take care of the fat cunt. She just
knocked granny's friend ass over tea kettle, and now it's payback time."
Spotting a concerned look on Lucy's face, Kim assured her granny that all was
well with Serena, she had just been made to look a bit foolish, that was all.

	"Damn, I sure would like to get in on that action, but I guess you'll do
right by Serena. I've been hoping for an opportunity to get better acquainted
with this one, and I'm sure Tracy would love to have a little revenge on this
old bitch for what she did to Billy. We'll take care of her good and proper, you
can bet on that. Kim smiled and left the room, closing the door behind her ,
then hurrying back to the bathroom.  Had she hung around for a minute longer she
could have watched Lucy don her favorite strap-on and get ready to stick it
where the sun didn't shine, while Tracy pressed the head of the slender,
gray-haired woman into her crotch.


				(To be continued)




					Taming Billy


					 Chapter 13


	Kim returned to the bathroom and what she witnessed and participated in
gave her a strong appreciation of just how tough and downright vicious this
almost matronly looking woman could be. It was a good lesson and helped her in
the relationship that she would build with Serena. She entered just as the
dominatrix was making sure that the tight fitting leather gloves she had just
donned were flexible enough for her to make a fist. Beate was still dazed and
offering no resistance. "I want you to sit her up on the edge of the tub and put
her in a choke hold like the one I used to control her previously." Kim's clumsy
attempt to duplicate what she had seen for only a few brief moments brought a
thin-lipped smile from the woman who then instructed her on what to do to make
sure that Beate was properly restrained. Serena was delighted at how quickly Kim
put her instructions into practice, and nodded when he felt that everything was
as it should be.

	Kim was shocked at what happened next. Serena began to deliver one
savage blow after another into the dazed German's face. Each blow landed exactly
where she wanted it to go. The helpless woman's head snapped back every time
Serena's leather clad fists sank into her face, slowly turning it into a swollen
melon-like lump of bruised and battered flesh. Serena took a rest and surveyed
the damage she had created. "The trick is not to break anything, unless that is
your purpose. For the time being I want her to carry some mementos to remind her
of what might have happened had she caused me any serious harm. Come around and
see for yourself what I've done so far."

	The teen released her captive who fell over sideways onto the floor. She
was having some difficulty breathing since her nose was broken at the bridge.
Her eyes were rapidly swelling shut from the deadly accurate blows that Serena
had delivered. "Notice that I've broken her nose. I could have very easily
broken her eye sockets as well or her cheekbones. That was not my intent. I only
wanted to break her nose for openers. You'll notice she is fighting for breath,
which is what I intended. Next I'll split her lips and loosen up a few of her
teeth, but none should have to be removed unless I'm not careful. Finally I'm
going to give her a nice large set of ears. She'll be having trouble hearing her
own screams for the next day or so, but that's a small price to pay for still
having a face that looks human once the swelling goes down and she has her nose
repaired by a reputable member of the medical profession. In my line of work
it's very important to have the rght doctors and surgeons available to handle my
clients after some of the more stressful sessions that they sometimes require."

	Kim was in awe of this dominant female who had such power and self
confidence in herself. It was at this moment that she realized her calling and
if all went well she would learn at the feet of this fascinating and powerful
woman. She would have been delighted if she could have read Serena's thoughts as
well. The dominatrix indeed did have plans for this beautiful and very mature
teenager, but they went well beyond being her mentor.

	Once more Serena's fists worked on Beate's face, splitting her lips in
many places and as promised, loosening her two front teeth and a molar on each
side of her jaw. By then the woman was all but senseless, unable to see through
her swollen eyes and fighting for every breath. Then she was finished off with a
flurry of blows that flattened her ears. Still not completely satisfied, Serena
decided to shift her attack to the large woman's big breasts, driving her
leather covered fists deep into the pillowy flesh. Beate mumbled and spat out
some blood from her ruined mouth, only to receive another vicious punch to the
mouth bringing a torrent of blood from her ravaged lips and gaping mouth.

	"Let her go, she's done for the moment." Hearing her words,Kim released
their captive and watched her fall to the floor, hitting her head on the tiles
with a sickening thud. Serena smiled a cruel smile and observed, "She'll have
some headache when she wakes up. But by then there will be more pressing things
to be concerned about. Now you keep an eye on her while I check on how Lucy and
your mom are doing with Florence."

	Beate was just beginning to come around by the time Serena returned from
checking on their other guest. She teased Kim about her mother and Lucy
fraternizing with the enemy. It seems she had walked in while Lucy and Florence
were swapping saliva and Tracy was loosening up their prisoner's cunt with a
massive dildo, which didn't seem to be causing her any discomfort at all. "We'll
have to get busy working on that old woman once we make this one wish she had
never heard of our family, especially Billy." As she spoke, Serena was filling
the enema bag to the brim wth cold water.

	Kim kept Beate positioned for the enema that she received from Serena.
Once the bag  was emptied, the dominatrix refilled it and continued the enema as
Beate struggled and groaned from the pain of all that cold water putting
pressure on her insides. Stilll not satisfied, Serena had Kim massage the big
woman's belly to relax it enough so that more of the enema could be taken. At
last the limit was reached. Despite her best efforts, no more water could be
forced into Beate's bowels. Serena then slamed a bung into Beate's winking
asshole before her guest could begin to void the enormous enema that seemed to
fill every nook and cranny in her insides. Their grotesquesly bloated captive
could barely waddle as they made her go from the bathroom out to the garage.

	Once they had Beate in the garage Serena put Kim to work, making the
teen keep their captive standing beneath one of the rafters. Then the dominatrix
looped a length of clothesline around the woman's tits, using a figure eight
knotting techique that soon had both of those big bags securely bound with a
number of tight loops that already began to sink into her flesh at the juncture
of her breasts and chest wall. It wasn't until she threw the end of the line
over the rafter that it dawned on Kim what was about to happen next. Beate was
still in a great deal of pain from the beating and probably was nearly blind
from the swelling that had reduced her field of vision to narrow slits.

	It wasn't until Kim and Serena used their combined strength to pull the
rope tight and begin to actually raise Beate off her feet, that she realized
what was in store for her. By then it was too late to even struggle since her
feet were now off the floor and her beefy body was entirely supported by her
breasts which were beginning to stretch to accomodate the pressure that was
being put upon them by her body weight. Serena tied the rope off to a cleat in
the wall and stepped back to survey her victim, now dangling by her tits which
were rapidly swelling and going from pink to purple in color. Beate began to
groan loudly and said something in German which meant nothing to her captors. "
Now we can really have some fun with this pig." Serena said as she picked up a
broom handle that was leaning against the wall. Kim licked her lips in
anticipation as she watched the transformation of Beate's breasts into a pair of
dark colored mushroom shaped lumps of sore flesh.

	Serena took up a position directly in front of the battered woman and
carefully measured off the distance she needed to swing the broom handle.
Satisfied she had enough room, she drew it back, paused for a fraction of a
second and then smashed it into Beate's hip bone despite the padding of fat and
muscle that hid it from sight. Her body swung in a short arc as the result of
the blow. The woman let out a strangled scream from the pain the strike had
caused. Serena stepped closer and tapped the bulging belly of her victim with
the wooden cudgel. Beate trembled from a combination of the pain from that first
blow, the ever growing pressure from within as the enema contents continued to
search for additional space to move into, and her anticipation of the next blow
that was aimed at her swollenand sore abdomen.

	Kim winced as the broom handle sank into Beate's bloated midsection, 
making a sickening, almost muffled sound as it forced the water to move into
space already occupied, thus increasing the pressure even more. The woman's face
grew scarlet and then she began to vomit, spewing part of the contents of her
stomach out from her gaping mouth. Quickly Serena landed two more vicious blows
to Beate's stomach and a flood of water and vomit issued from her, cutting off
her air supply. As her victim writhed in agony, her feet jerking and twisting in
a vain effort to find the floor, the dominatrix made sure that the bung in her
asshole was still secure.

	Although Beate probably believed that her belly or intestines or both
were about to explode ending her existence, Serena knew differently. Her
prisoner could hold that volume of water for a much longer time than she could
ever imagine. Serena knew this since she had a vast amount of experience in
administering huge enemas and keeping them locked inside the client's body for
hours at a stretch. She wondered what Beate would think if she ever saw the
fourteen year old girl who routinely held two quart enemas of carbonated water
for nearly two hours despite having her cunt skewered forcefully by a massive
dildo for most of the time.

	When Serena started in on Beate's purple, swollen tits Kim was initially
horrified. She couldn't believe how hard she was hitting their helpless captive.
After a brisk set of blows had created a collage of new colors in the woman's
tits, the dominatrix stopped her attack and offered Kim a turn. "Don't worry
about that one, she could take this all afternoon and still survive. She's not
just big, she's pretty beefy as well. I'd love to take her back to my place and
work on her for a month or so.  Bet I could take maybe thirty pounds off of that
body and really have some fun doing it to her." To emphasize her comments she
hauled off and gave Beate a vicious two-handed blow across her broad ass. The
big woman barely grunted even though a deep ugly welt immediately began
developing in her flesh.

	For the next fifteen minutes Kim walloped their house guest under
Serena's supervision. The dominatrix told the teen exactly where to hit the
helpless woman and just how much force to use, explaining what effect each blow
would have on her. "Lay one right under those big purple balloons and give it
everything you have. Good one!.....Now watch her try to catch her
breath.......Notice how her face is beginning to turn red, that's because your
blow paralyzed her diaphragm momentarily, so she couldn't breath. She'll recover
in another minute or so but in that time she'll be really sweating. I have a
client who is into asphixiation;  so when I get tired of hanging him by the neck
or smothering him in my pussy I hang him by his wrists and beat his chest until
he passes out from lack of air. I use a rubber truncheon custom made for me by a
little company in the UK. He loves it and more times than not he'll actually
ejaculate while I'm doing this to him. Of course when he does that, afterward I
make him lick up everything he spurted all over my carpet, and while he's doing
that I sodomize him with my big Bertha dildo. The little pervert cannot get
enough of that big, bad toy."

	Serena decided to check out how well Beate was handling the enema that
was still working away on her guts producing wave after wave of cramps. She
carefully palpitated her belly and groin and then pressed in on her ribcage to
judge the level of pain she was causing in her victim. Satisfied that Beate
could still contain the enema without damaging any of her vital organs, she
informed Kim that it was time to see if they could fist their captive. If they
were unsuccessful, she had a dildo they could use that might cause almost as
much pain as their fists. Kim made the first attempt but was unable to get  more
than four fingers inserted into Beate's tight, dry cunt, despite her best
efforts. All the while the beefy woman grunted and cursed her in German.This
annoyed Kim to the point that she deliberately pressed hard on the woman's
swollen belly until tears came to her eyes. Serena nodded her head in approval
at her reaction to their prisoner's insults. Serena began to give serious
consideration to taking on this very attractive teenager in more than one
capacity.

	The older lady was more successful in stretching Beate's cunt to
accomodate her gloved fist. The captive grunted and screamed as Serena carefully
worked her fist deeper into the beefy woman's dry cunt, scraping away at the
tender mucus membrane lining of her fuck tunnel. It took a long time but at last
her fist encountered the narrow neck of Beate's uterus. She grinned maliciously
and made sure she could make solid contact with the opening to her baby chamber.
She began punching away inside her victim's twat and was rewarded with loud
screeches and screams that went higher and higher in pitch as she continued to
drub the woman's baby-making equipment. Serena laughed as Beate vomited all over
herself from the brutal beating her internal organs were taking from the
dominatrix's gloved fist. When she finally pulled her forearm free of her
captive's cunt, Beate was almost unconscious from the terrible pain she had
endured. Meanwhile the cramping continued unabated and once more took center
stage now that the brutal fisting was over.

	Serena was still not done dishing out pain to her victim. She wrinkled
her nose as she oserved how unkempt her guest's cunt appeared due to the unruly
mass of pubic hair that covered it like some type of jungle growth. Serena
suggested that Kim gave her a hand with the removal of Beate's pubic hair. She
was to be taken literally as it turned out. She and Kim took turns using their
hands and ripping clumps of the thick, curly black hair from Beate's pubic mound
causing her massive pain and terrible humiliation as more and more of her
wrinkled cunt lips and fat clitoris were exposed to view. By the time Serena
decided that Beate had had enough, her pubic mound was bleeding from numerous
cuts caused by the way they ripped its covering away.

	Serena paused to take in the view of her adversary who now was bleeding,
suffering from hellish cramps and had a set of tits that looked like twin black
bowling balls. She watched as Kim sawed through the rope running to her bound
breasts and the battered woman immediately collapsed to the floor. Serena kicked
the woman in the ribs a few times to get her on her feet. "OK bitch, all you
have to do now is move your sorry ass back to the bathroom so I can yank the
bung loose and let you get rid of all that water."

	After escorting their captive back into the bathroom, Serena produced a
waste paper basket and had Beate squat over it just before the bung was yanked
from her puckered asshole. A torrent of water mixed with everthing else that had
been pulled from her insides splattered into the basket as the two women watched
her rid her bowels of the enormous load of liquid that had been torturing her
for nearly two hours. Beate's legs shook from the strain of supporting her big
body as one wave of cramps followed another, each driving more of the enema from
her intestines and belly.

	Little did she know at the time that her ultimate humiliation was yet to
come. Finally the torrent turned into an occasional burst of liquid that was
being forced out from deep within her body. She was shaking worse now than
before as her body tried to regain some type of equilibrium after the lengthy
period when it was filled to its capacity. The bursts declined to small squirts
of very dark liquid, and then at long last she was empty. It was then that
Serena leaned over and announced that she had one more ordeal to endure before
they let her rest while they took over tormenting Florence.

	"I know you must be very thirsty after all you've been through this
afternoon. Well I want you to get busy now and drink every bit of that wonderful
concoction you just shit into the basket. To make sure you do just as I wish,
Kim and I will take turns using one of my largest dildo to loosen up that
asshole that you just put through its paces. The longer it takes you to drink it
all down, the wider your asshole will probably be once we are finished reaming
you out. Your asshole's fate will be determined by how fast you can suck up all
this mess you 've just made. Now get busy and start swallowing." To emphasize
what she had just said, Serena grabbed Beate by the hair and pushed her head
into the foul smelling bucket that contained her wastes plus the nearly three
quarts of water that had comprised the enema.


				( To be continued)




*-				Taming Billy


				Chapter 14


	Serena and Kim entered the bedroom where the trio of women was enjoying
themselves. "OK Lucy, no more fraternizing with the enemy until she's been
completely rehabilitated and repatriated as well. That goes for you too Tracy;
now get your tongue out of Florence's pussy, you have no idea where that nasty
thing has been. Lucy, I'm very disappointed in your behavior. As far as I am
concerned you're not to be involved in anyway with our prisoner until she's paid
her dues for what she and her friends did to Billy."

	Serena then turned her attention to Florence who looked a bit
disappointed at the way things had suddenly changed. The skinny, old woman made
the mistake of arguing with Serena and paid a stiff price for her impertinence.
The dominatrix moved, quick as a cat, and swatted her across the face, a
stinging blow that rocked Florence's head back. Kim joined in and added her
muscle to the uneven match, landing a solid punch to the side of the old woman's
neck, stunning her. It was then a simple matter for them to cuff her hands
behind her back and push her towards the garage. Serena looked back at Tracy and
Lucy and warned them that it would go even worse for Florence if they intruded
in any way. "This old bitch is going to get hers now and it isn't going to be
pretty either." Serena snarled, poking Florence in the back to urge her to move
faster.

	Once they got Florence into the garage  they proceeded to bind her to a
chair they had liberated from the kitchen. The gray haired lady was tied into a
straining arch, her arms over the back of the chair, her cuffed wrists anchored
to her roped ankles that had been pulled under the seat and then back up, a
position that put tremendous strain on muscles that had not been stressed to
this degree for decades. Another length of scratchy rope had been noosed around
her midriff and pulled so tight that the strand had almost disappeared in the
folds of skin that had been created. The ends had been doubled and run down
between her thin cunt lips and then pulled up so that they sank into the crevice
between her flat butt cheeks, before being looped over the ropes that pulled her
arms close together, and finally terminated by being knotted to the lowest rung
of the chair. Then to add to her discomfort, a wide plastic tie, the type used
to anchor heavy loads to shipping pallets was cinched tightly across her sunken
chest, making it extremely difficult for her to take a deep breath. Finally
Florence was securely gagged with her own panties, stuffed competely into her
mouth and held there by tape that covered her lips.

	"Well, how shall we begin?" Serena said to her pupil, already starting
to test her as a potential dominatrix. Kim frowned for a moment, then her eyes
lit up.

	"Those dugs hanging from her chest aren't doing much for her or me
either. What do you say to having a go at them for openers?"  Serena looked at
Kim and cocked her head to the side, her way of asking what did the girl propose
doing. Kim took a few moments to understand what that half shrug had meant, then
she responded.

	"I'll put some elastic bands, thick ones, around those two worn out
crepes and see if they'll swell up enough to be called tits again. If so, I'll
use the cane on them and really make them grow!" Serena smiled and nodded her
head. Her pupil had passed the first test. There was plenty of venom released by
her plan, but it was less than optimum as Selena showed her student.

	"I take it you can come up with these rubber bands rather quickly, I'll
give you that. However what are we to do while the lack of circulation in those
saggy bags of skin and a little flesh causes them to slowly swell? Are we to
just twiddle our thumbs and talk about the weather, or do you have a plan that
keeps our captive wishing she were somewhere else?" The blank look on Kim's face
was answer enough for the older woman. She pointed toward the switches that
leaned against the wall, and added, "While you're finding the rubber bands, why
don't you also bring back a bucket of water for the switches. They really do a
great job of cutting into skin when they're limber." Kim's face flushed from
embarrassment, but she held her temper, merely nodding her head and taking her
leave. Serena smiled as the girl left and then turned to Florence with a glare.
The old woman winced inwardly at the stare she received from this powerful
person who obviously was out of her league.

	Serena thought for a moment, and came up with a few more ideas for
making this skinny old lady miserable before they got down to the very serious
matter of making her punishment fit the crime. She liked the idea of caning
those tired old bags of worn out flesh, but there were other spots on that
skinny body that she wanted access to as well. Once she got her "doctor's bag",
as she called the valise that contained her toys and torture implements, there
would be plenty she could do to that boyish figure despite the lack of meat on
her bones. She wondered how Florence would react to being fisted in both holes.

	The only issue in Serena's mind was whether or not to use some type of
glove while she was fisting the woman. A leather glove with some nice stiff
ridges would make every inch of that tired old twat scream for mercy as it tore
away at the lining of her dried up cunt. Then again latex would allow Serena to
coat her protected fist with some very painful ointments and salves, all
guaranteed to make Florence think her snatch was being eaten away with acid or
perhaps had been set aflame. It would be great sport to first scrape that snatch
until it was so sensitive that a breath of air would bring screams from the old
bag, and then ram the biggest dildo in her collection straight up that ruined
tunnel of rotting flesh as Florence begged for relief from the terrible pain.

	The return of Kim with the water as well as a goodly number of thick
rubber bands interrupted Serena's musings. She asked the girl to hold the fort
while she retrieved her goody bag which contained all manner of nasty surprises
for their captive. She also intended to pick up one of the bottles of urine that
was cooling in the refrigerator. She was sure that their guest would gulp it
down in minutes once they got into the very serious work of ruining her skinny
body inside and out. By then she'd be ready to do anything to stop the unending
pain that she was experiencing.

	It was going to be a very long and painful evening for this nasty old
biddy. Serena wondered what in the world the teenage stud saw in this old skank;
but there was no doubt that she had pussy power as far as the youth was
concerned. That caused her to begin to focus on ways in which to torture
Florence's magic asshole which seemed to be able to draw every drop of Billy's
cum from his churning balls without any effort at all on her part. You talk
about a mother complex, this boy had a granny complex that was one for the
books.

	By the time Serena returned, Kim was already whipping Florence's tits
with a switch, criss crossing those flat bags, and leaving a set of livid welts
behind. The dominatrix watched for a few minutes as the teenager walked the
switch up and down Florence's tits and then moved to her neck and shoulders.
Serena was most impressed by the viciousness that Kim was displaying, and was
delighted to see that she intuitively knew enough to spread the pain over a much
larger area than just those tiny pancakes that still hadn't grown very large
yet. She waited until Kim tired and then gave her a little demonstration of
needle work.

	"Watch her eyes, they'll tell you how much she feels when I use these
little skewers on her. Serena began by running a few needles through Florence's
nipples, then pushed one straight through the front of the skewered nub. Kim
whistled at the reaction that move got from their captive. "Care to do the other
teat? Just center it and push until it's all the way in. The little ball on top
is designed to prevent the needle from becoming totally buried in her flesh.
That way you don't have to spend a lot of time trying to locate and remove it.
These needles are specially made and aren't cheap." Florence's eyes popped as
Kim slowly drove the needle into her tit flesh.

	"Anybody can do tits, but it takes an expert to do other areas, like her
joints. They aren't sexy, but do they ever hurt. She'll be crying like a baby
after I use about a dozen more on those special spots that I want you to commit
to memory. This is your first lesson. There will be a test later and you better
not get any wrong or you'll get a needle in one of them just to reinforce your
memory a bit." Kim's eyes got big at Serena's words, for she knew the woman was
not joking. The dominatrix put her hand on the old woman's shoulder and kneaded
the flesh for a time before her face broke into a smile.  "Hand me one of the
long needles." She said to Kim. The teen did as asked and watched with amazement
as Serena sank it deep into their captive's shoulder. Florence arched her body
in agony and strained against the bonds holding her helpless, eyes bulging from
their sockets and tears pouring down her wrinkled cheeks. "Want to try doing her
other shoulder?"  Serena asked with a knowing smile.

	It took Kim a couple of tries before she finally properly located the
tip of the needle into the shoulder socket, causing Florence to pass out from
the terrible pain. Serena revived the gray haired woman by sliding a needle into
her flaccid clit and yanking it from side to side until her eyelids opened, her
body shuddering from the agony that the steel probe was causing. Now the
dominatrix moved to her knee caps, noticing the fact that her leg muscles were
now beginning to cramp from the relentless force being applied by the tightly
tied ropes holding her.

	Florence began to bang her head against the back of the chair in hopes
of knocking herself out, so great was the pain she was experiencing. Kim took a
turn and could not help but wince sympathetically at the terrible pain the
probing needle in her hand was creating. The girl began to wonder just how much
this skinny elderly lady could endure before her heart failed or she lost her
mind. Serena wisely announced that it was time to shift away from this
treatment, but return to it later when the woman was strong enough to take some
more doses of this high grade pain. By now her tits had turned purple and were
swollen to almost twice their original size. "Time for the cane?" Serena said
with a small grin, knowing full well that it was indeed time to turn those
bloated purple bags into twin lumps of burning agony. She wondered if her pupil
had the intestinal fortitude to do the deed considering what they had been
dishing out to Florence for the past hour.

	Serena took the lead, showing Kim some of the tricks she used when
applying the cane to a client's tits. "I have three ladies who dote on the cane,
and another whose husband does. He just loves to sit in a comfortable chair with
his lubed dick in his hand as I turn his wife's big tits into mush with the
heaviest cane I possess. This monster is quite capable of splitting a breast
open from end to end unless great care is taken. His wife will be kneeling on
the prayer bench as I call it, her tits strapped to the rail and her hands tied
behind her back and then the ropes attached to her bound ankles. He'll decide
how many she'll receive, usually between four and six unless she's been bad. It
seems his wife enjoys women as much or perhaps more than her husband, and she's
always being caught in compromising positions at home. I personally think the
whole thing is an elaborate game that the two of them play, but regardless, my
fee is paid no matter what the reason for her canings."

	"Once I gave her thirteen strokes. It took over an hour to do the job
since she kept passing out during the session. Her husband had a massive
ejaculation as soon as the first cane stroke broke the skin in a number of
places. I was a bit annoyed at my poor performance and took it out on his wife
with the next three strikes that ripped open both of her large, soft breasts.
She passed out and I was enraged. I moved to her back and gave it three good
hits that left her bleeding from the blows that covered the region from her
shoulder blades to just above her broad bottom. I was sorely tempted to tear
into that delectable rump, but that would have been beyond what the session
called for. She awoke screaming when the salt I'd rubbed into her wounded back
took effect."

	"I resumed caning her breasts and she took four of the best before once
more fainting. Her husband was so excited by what was taking place, that he came
over to where she knelt and stared down at her welted, bleeding tits that had
swelled to at least an additional two cup sizes. My guess was she'd be unable to
wear a bra for at least a week or so. He ordered me to give her the rest of the
strokes one at a time, taking care to use the cane on both tits with each and
every stroke.  "Split those monsters with every stroke, she deserves that as a
reminder that I will not tolerate her having liaisons with young men!" I did as
he wished, landing each blow with as much power as I could generate, knowing
full well that she would have to be hospitalized once the session was over.
Fortunately I knew that he was on the Board of Directors of a very exclusive and
quite private hospital, obviously her next stop after I finished with her. On
the twelfth stroke her husband once more ejaculated. He then arose and came over
to where she was slumped, unconscious once again, and rubbed his semen into her
bloody tit meat as he muttered a series of curses and obscentities at her. I was
urged to use two hands to deliver the final stroke and I did as he suggested,
nearly cutting her tits in half, so deep did the heavy cane penetrate into her
swollen tit flesh. I received a massive tip from the client and it was many
months before his rather subdued wife returned for a session, presenting a
surgically repaired and enhanced set of breasts for a caning. I was merciless,
so delighted was I to see her up and about"

	All Kim could do was gawk as the story unfolded. Serena smiled and broke
the mood by showing the girl another little trick of the trade when it came to
caning a client. She took the cane that Kim would use on Florence's bagged tits,
and placed it on the topmost portion of her purplish tit. Then she rotated the
cane until it had returned to its original configuration, and continued to do
this, counting each full turn until the cane was clear of her the woman's tit.
Turning to Kim she said, "The best you can do is lay four of the best on each of
those tits; this will cover every portion of them from top to bottom. A good
domme can easily do this after some months of practice, usually on those who
cannot afford the top dominatrices. Let's see what you can do; start on the tit
further away from you to get some idea of your accuracy and then do the closer
one once you have gained some confidence that you can make the cane go where you
aim it. Give her four of the best and let's see how much of that tit bag you got
with the cane."

	Serena frowned as Kim tentatively brought the cane down on Florence's
boob, landing midway on the target. Her second cut was a little harder, but it
overlapped the first welt on the upper portion of the breast. The dominatrix
shouted at the teen to put some muscle into it and take her time setting up for
the strike. "Call your shot before you lay into her this time. High, middle or
low, it's your call; remember this is just practice, you can whale away on those
hunks of purple fat all night if it helps you to learn how to use the cane." The
last words were said for the benefit of Florence, whose eyes bulged when she
heard them, her naked body shivering with dread and  mindlessly struggling
against the ropes that held her firmly against the chair like some sitting duck.

	It was obvious to Serena that  in this area, Kim needed considerable
work, and poor Florence would never be able to survive the process. She let the
teen go at the old woman's tits until both were finally totally covered with
ridged welts from the bamboo tool. Then she gave her work a stern critique and
suggested Florence's spread thighs would make a better target on which to
practice. Florence disagreed mightily, and for her troubles Serena reached over
and pinched her nostrils shut, holding them closed despite her struggles. Slowly
Florence's efforts to free herself from this devastating situation weakened as
her face took on a bright red color and then began to approach blue as her lungs
ceased working. Kim was taking it all in, quite impressed by the amount of
knowledge that this woman possessed. The teen began to get very excited by the
prospect of studying under this woman. It also crossed her mind that it might
also be most enjoyable to be under this woman for other things as well. Pehaps
the itch for older women ran in her veins as well as Billy's.

	Serena finally allowed her victim to breathe again. Then she took out
more of her needles and began jamming them into the gray haired woman's thighs,
moving them back and forth once they had penetrated almost to their full length.
The response of their prisoner was powerful in some cases, and almost
nonexistent in others. Serena explained that the nerve endings in this area were
much harder to precisely locate and thus it would be more sensible to use many
more needles and place them randomly into her flesh. Then she showed Kim another
"sweet" spot, at the juncture of her thighs and groin. There was a narrow strip
of flesh that was most sensitive provided the needles were inserted at the
proper angle. Between Serena and Kim's attempts to duplicate her instructions,
over twenty needles were pushed into that region, bringing huge responses from
the captive in more than half the tries that Kim made. Serena gave her student a
pat on the back and suggested that they string up their captive for more fun and
games.

	Untying Florence from the chair turned out to be a bigger job than they
estimated since the ropes had dug into her flesh and the knots had tightened
considerably from all her movements. Serena finally gave up and cut the ropes
away so they could get on with business. To Serena's surprise Florence still
tried to put up a struggle once she was free. Kim put the woman into a half
nelson and Serena took the fight out of her with a couple of powerful knees to
her groin and cunt, the latter actually lifting her off her feet. Afterwards it
was easy to tie her wrists tightly with rope and loop the ends over the rafter
so she could be pulled into the air, her feet inches from the ground. Ropes ran
from her ankles to a pair of cement blocks that  forced her suspended body into
a straining inverted Y-shape.

	Serena walked around her victim to decide where to start her next round
of punishment. Florence's ass seemed much more appealing as a target in this
position which stretched her lean body to its limit. The dominatrix looked over
at Kim and said, "If I had my choice, I'd see how much caning that ass could
take. Why not start her off with ten of the best and then we'll improvise from
there. I have lots of other ideas I want to try out on his old bag of bones, but
I want her awake and alert so she can really enjoy them."

	Kim tore into Florence's ass with a fury that surprised Serena. It was
as if she was trying to make up for her less than sterling performance on the
woman's bagged tits. She beat a rapid tattoo of vicious blows, cutting into the
lower portion of her victim's ass cheeks just above the line separating them
from her upper thighs. After taking ten, Florence's head was slumped against her
sunken chest, and she appeared to be having a difficult time catching her
breath. "Give the old bitch a couple across the backs of her thighs and don't
hold anything back, I want to see her wide awake and begging with her eyes." Kim
pounded away, giving her captive more than just a pair of strikes. Serena let
her go until she had landed a good solid half dozen hits and Florence was
shaking from head to toe from the pain that was tearing through her body.

	Serena decided to rachet up the pain by freeing her tits so the blood
could start recirculating in those badly beaten bags of swollen fat. Florence's
eyes blinked rapidly and her pupils dilated as the fresh source of pain kicked
in to join the blasts still radiating from her blistered, bleeding ass and upper
thighs. Serena stood there, her arms folded with a broad smile on her face. This
old biddy could really take it in large quantities, and she was impressed. On a
whim Serena inserted a couple of fingers into Florences's cunt to check for
moisture, since she began to wonder if perhaps this old lady wasn't a bit of a
masochist. They came out dry, which answered that question.

	Florence heaved a sigh of relief when the gag was removed from her dry
mouth. When given the choice of being gagged once more or swallowing
approximately a quart of cold piss, Florence opted for the piss without wasting
any time. All the punishment her skinny body had absorbed this afternoon had
taken her very close to becoming dehydrated and she realized that. Serena was
most impressed by her captive's smarts. This one would be a lot of fun to
torture over a period of days or even weeks. Serena started to ponder the
possibility that perhaps Florence might want to visit her and try out some of
her other machines like the rack and the water wheel. Then she shook herself and
got back to reality.

	Kim assisted their prisoner as she greedily guzzled the salty piss down
her throat as fast as she could swallow it. Meanwhile Serena rummaged around in
her goody bag to come up with a pair of leather gloves that fit her hand like a
second layer of skin. Even though Florence was busy taking on a quart of sour
piss, her eyes followed the dominatrix's movements, and she even paused for a
time when she saw Serena putting on the gloves. Florence knew what was next and
she did not like to even think about the pain and humiliation that was soon to
be visited upon her.

	Serena walked up to her victim and spread her cunt lips with one hand
and positioned the other at the entrance to her fuck tunnel, which had seen its
share of cock and dildos in her time. A fist was not something she tolerated
well at all, even though in her long life she had endured it a number of times,
most of them occasions where her partner was not trying to hurt her. This would
be very different and most painful, of that she was certain.

	She took one and then another finger, probing into her channel and
moving from side to side to estimate how much her tight tunnel would yield to
the intruders. Satisfied with this first step, she put some muscle into her
movements and got four fingers seated within the mouth of her captive's cunt.
Florence grunted and sighed as Serena tried to force her thumb into her as well.
Her dry cunt provided a great deal of resistance and it appeared to be a
standoff until Kim was added to the mix. The teen grasped Florence's cunt lips
and yanked them apart in brutal fashion, providing just enough space for Serena
to get her thumb inserted. Closing her hand into a fist was an agonizing process
that brought gasps and moans from the old woman as her private parts were
stretched to dimensions that she hadn't experienced in decades.

	Try as she might, Serena was unable to make any progress beyond filling
the entryway to Forence's cunt. She tried rotating her fist in one and then the
opposite direction, trying to loosen up the gray haired woman's sex tube. This
proved to be unsuccessful, but it caused Florence incredible pain that elevated
her gasps to screams and then shrieks that warbled and varied in frequency as
the pussy torture continued. Serena tried one last trick, pulling her fist
partially free of that super tight tunnel and then using her entire body weight
to thrust her fist past this tough barrier. It too failed to breach her
defenses. The dominatrix smiled coldly and nodded her head in defeat as she
pulled her fist free of Florence's sore cunt mouth.

	Once more Serena looked to her student, Kim, for some assistance. "Care
to stir up whatever's left in the old bitch's pussy while I see how deep I can
punch my dildo into her tight asshole? It should be fun for all, except perhaps
the meat in this fuck sandwich you and I will be making." Kim strapped on a
massive length of black rubber shaped in the form of some animals' sex organ ,
while her mentor attached a more modest, but just as lengthy, piece of ribbed
plastic to her groin in preparation for sodomizing her victim.

	"With a little luck, I'll make you bleed like a stuck pig. Won't that be
a nice way to end this most enjoyable session?" Serena's words made her captive
tremble.

	Florence broke down and lost control as Kim skewered her cunt, battering
away to force herself deeper and deeper into the worn out tube of flesh that was
her cunt. Kim's youth and strength soon wore down the old woman's resistance and
she dropped her head and screamed for mercy as the terrible assault continued
unabated. Her cries were music to Serena's ears and she postioned the head of
her dildo against Florence's loose anus and thrust a few inches of it into her
back passageway, bringing new screams for mercy from the woman. Serena was not
in a merciful mood, especially after failing to properly fist fuck her captive
just minutes ago. Inch by bloody inch she forced her ribbed plastic torture toy
into Florence's asshole, reveling in her broken screams and shrieks as she
pleaded and promised anything for relief from the terrible pain that was tearing
her insides apart. By the time Serena's toy touched bottom, her victim had
passed out and was having spasms that made her entire body shiver and shake. She
was finished, a broken woman.

	Florence may have been finished, but not so for Serena, who was
determined to wring out the last drop of self confidence from her adversary. Her
objective was to make Florence wet her panties at the mention of her name, and
fall to her knees to worship her if ever they met again. She backed the ribbed
dildo out until just the head was held inside, there were some traces of blood
between some portion of the ribs, but not enough to suit Serena. She wiggled her
hips to get the proper angle for her next thrust, and then once satisfied, she
slammed the entire length into the old woman's anal passage bringing a choked
scream that abruptly cut off as she passed out from the awful pain that radiated
from deep within her rectum. This time when Serena withdrew her dildo it was red
with her victom's blood. Now she was satisfied.

	Kim was still punching away inside the senseless woman's spasming cunt,
which scored high marks with her mentor. This young woman had the right kind of
instincts for this type of career. Serena's only regret was that she couldn't
somehow ship Florence and Beate out to her home so they could become sort of
crash test dummies for Kim's education. She watched and made some suggestions
the would cause even more damage to be done to the unconscious woman's sex
tunnel, which she wouldn't be using for quite some time after this little
treatment was concluded. When Florence began to bleed from the cunt, she let Kim
work on her for another couple of minutes to make sure that she had done a
proper job of ruining the old lady's twat. Florence was indeed bleeding like
stuck pig from both holes, making Serena a very happy camper.


				( To be continued)







  Converted from "Taming Billy 15TBS.txt" on 21-Nov-2005 by AscToHTM 5.0
  
  






  
    &nbsp;
    &nbsp;
    &nbsp;
    &nbsp;
    Taming Billy
  









  
    &nbsp;
    &nbsp;
    &nbsp;
    &nbsp;
    Chapter 15
  






 Florence was so badly injured from the terrible punishment that she's taken from
  Serena and Kim that Lucy insisted that she remain with the family until such time as she
  was able to fend for herself. As for Kim and Serena, they seemed to be bonding quite
  nicely. In fact Serena was now sleeping with Kim, except they weren't doing much resting.
  The dominatrix was now spending most of her time instructing her pupil on how to properly
  pleasure her, deferring the lessons in the fine art of domination to when they would
  return to Serena's home.

 Billy was nearly fully recovered from his latest session with Serena, and seemed to
  be a bit disappointed that she was not available to teach him a few more things about the
  pleasuring of the mature female. So the youth was once more running amok at home,
  attacking Tracy with renewed energy and enthusiasm, reducing the poor woman to nothing
  more than a living blowup doll. Secretly his mother was happy to be getting some attention
  these days. Lucy was devoting almost every waking hour to the care of her new found
  friend, Florence, and the feeling seemed to be mutual.
 

 When Lucy actually moved into Florence's room so, as she explained, she'd be able to
  be more available for the needs of her patient, Tracy knew that she was on her own when it
  came to coping with Billy. To add to her problem she was frustrated by what was going on
  with the other females residing with her. At night she could hear Kim and Serena going at
  it until all hours, sometimes even having sex all night while Tracy lay all alone and
  masturbated in a vain effort to get some rest. By morning Billy would be on her like some
  kind of a wild animal, his hard cock reaming out her juicy cunt and making her at least
  feel like she was needed by someone.

 At school Billy turned into a terror once more, nailing any willing pussy with
  tremendous energy. His behavior caused problems for many of the teachers and so Tracy
  Lyons was once again asked to come to school for some counseling. She was not in the best
  of moods when she met with the principal who threatened her with losing Billy if she
  didn't do something very quickly to calm him down. Tracy was furious with this turn of
  events. She'd been put in the same vulnerable position as before, despite the
  reinforcements that had been promised but now seemed to be on their own independent
  campaigns. She was certain that Lucy's friend, the dominatrix, was going to soon leave and
  take her daughter, Kim, with her. Her own mother was growing closer and closer to the very
  woman who had brought things to a head. Now here she was all by herself and trying to
  control her son who if anything had gotten even stronger as the result of the punishment
  and humilations to which he had been subjected. That night Tracy formed a plan that she
  immediately put into practice.
 

 She sat down with Kim and Serena and read them the riot act, making it very clear to
  the pair of lovebirds that she wanted them to vacate the premises before the week was
  over. Kim was stunned, but Serena realized that she had more than overstepped her limits,
  and had not done as much as she could for the woman. She imagined that her mentor would be
  very displeased with the way she failed to comport herself. The dominatrix thanked her
  lucky stars that she would have Kim to take care of her once she had spent possibly as
  long as a week in her mentor's dungeon being worked on by her mistress and her associates
  to reestablish the proper attitude she must display in her work. Serena knew that her
  behavior had been less than professional, but Kim made it all seem worth the pain and
  suffering she would undergo.

 The next day she had a heart to heart talk with her mother and Florence. It was made
  easy by the fact that she had been mauled, manhandled and nearly maimed by Billy's brutal
  morning wakeup sex session that featured oral, anal and vaginal assaults that lasted the
  better part of an hour and left her unable to move for another hour after he left for
  school. To add insult to injury she walked into the room to discover her mother
  comfortably situated between Florence's spread thighs working assiduosly in getting the
  gray haired woman off. Tracy was fuming as her mother refused to pay her attention,
  frantically licking her lover's cunt and squeezing her thighs as Forence got closer and
  closer to her orgasm. When she finally went off, the old woman actually spurted some cum
  juice into Lucy's face. Tracy wrinkled her nose as a sign of her impatience and dismay
  with the behavior of her own mother towards the woman that had nearly turned her son into
  a eunuch. After her decidedly blunt and quite nasty talk with the two, they departed for
  Florence's house the very next morning, leaving as Billy was seeing how much he could tilt
  his mom's uterus with his monster cock.
 

 Tracy called the school principal once her son had departed for school, late as usual
  and not really caring either. She strongly suggested that some type of after class
  detention be set up for her son and promised to follow up her suggestion with written
  permission for the school authorities to use every reasonable measure to discipline him
  until he conformed to the school rules. Her written authorization specifically stated that
  corporal punishment was included under the definition of "every reasonable measure". She
  personally hand-carried her authorization, duly notarized, to the principal and even
  suggested that teachers Forbes and Larson take the lead in this activity.

 As luck would have it, both were available for an ad hoc meeting on Tracy's idea.
  They eagerly agreed to this additional assignment once they were assured that there would
  be no interference from any member of the Lyons family. With Kim having already left with
  Serena to become her assistant and pupil, and Lucy now tied down by her responsibilities
  to Florence who would need a great deal of tender loving care before she fully recovered
  from her ordeal at Serena's hands, there was no obstacle to handling Billy in the way that
  seemed most appropriate. The principal volunteered to approve the agenda the teachers
  would develop for Billy's rehabilitation, and even suggested that the school nurse would
  involve herself in his disciplining to make sure that his helath was not significantly
  impaired by what they meted out to him during his after school detention sessions.
 

 In fact the nurse had access to certain mood altering drugs that could be used to
  keep Billy relatively subdued during classes, thanks to her roommate who was a doctor.
  Tracy would also be invited to participate whenever the teachers thought it to be
  appropriate. In fact they insisted that she participate in the early sessions to make sure
  that her son was being properly disciplined. Tracy returned the favor by inviting them to
  visit her home over the weekend, if they had the time, so they could help her handle her
  fractious son. Naturally she extended the offer to include the nurse, her doctor friend
  and the principal. The principal blushed and mentioned that she too had a roommate who
  might enjoy helping out since she was writing her PhD thesis on the use of physical
  discipline as an effective tool for instilling order in the classroom.

 By the time Tracy left for home it had been agreed that Billy's first session would
  be held the following afternoon and she was invited along with the principal and the
  school nurse. Now all she had to do was get through the evening and tomorrow morning. To
  give herself some extra protection, she called the mother of the twin plumpers, Gardi, to
  see if her girls could come over tonight and help her with Billy. Gardi was well aware of
  the boy's taste for pussy, and secretly was very interested in seeing if she could work
  her way into his busy fuck schedule. So to Tracy's delight she not only agreed to have her
  daughters come over to help out, she would also join them and if required,stay the night.
  Tracy was overjoyed and asked for another favor which was quickly granted. Slave C would
  be brought along to act as a blowup doll and crash test dummy for Billy when she wasn't
  eating Tracy's pussy and rimming her asshole. Billy's mother was sure that she had died
  and gone to heaven.
 

 Just to be on the safe side, Tracy decided to doctor Billy's milk which he always
  drank immediatly upon arriving home. He claimed it gave him extra energy, which he usually
  put to good use as he fucked his mother senseless, and then took on a few bimbos from
  school who were part of his growing groupie posse. Normally Tracy was free from her
  responsibilities to her son's cock unless his dates that evening were substandard. She
  smiled to herself when she thought about the surprises that awaited her sex crazed son
  this evening and probably for as long as it took to totally tame his mammoth sex
  drive.

 Imgard von Dortman was an imposing physical specimen, standing nearly six feet tall
  and perhaps weighing in the neighborhood of 175 pounds. She wasted no time in
  introductions, asking where Billy was. The drugged milk had done the job and Tracy's son
  was stretched out on his bed, sleeping peacefully. Gardi took charge immediately, ordering
  her twins to help her strip the teen and get him tied, wrists and ankles spread and roped
  tightly to the bed posts with a couple of pillows under his ass so they could get at all
  his goodies easily.
 

 When Gardi stripped down, Tracy felt herself getting a bit wet at the sight of the
  woman's massive tits that hung down from her chest. They were not only huge, they were
  well shaped with dark areolas from which rose thick nipples that were almost black. She
  had a jungle growing from her crotch with tendrils climbing to her navel and curling up
  from the insides of her thighs. Even more impressive was the thick growth of underarm hair
  that she revealed as she took off her top. Tracy was sorely tempted to adopt the same type
  of hair growth, since to her it symbolized female power. She wondered how long it might
  take for her to get back into shape by going to the gym and perhaps finding a hot, sexy
  personal trainer with big muscles and a bigger cock to keep her mind on what was important
  like having a trim but shapely body and getting as much hard cock from a mature male who
  enjoyed fucking her for what she was rather than just because she was available.

 Then Tracy caught sight of slave C standing at the door to the bedroom. She was
  nothing but skin and bones, and the skin portion was covered with welts, burns and cuts in
  varying stages of healing. All she wore was a pair of rubber pants over a diaper. Tracy
  was stunned at the changes that had taken place since she had last had sex with the girl.
  Her garish red hair was gone, replaced by just a stubble that covered her skull.Her eyes
  were sunk deep in their sockets and there were dark circles under her staring orbs. Her
  cheeks were hollow and the bones of her face could be easily seen as they poked up through
  the thin covering of taut skin. Thick iron or steel rings hung from her nipples and her
  sunken chest didn't even hint that breasts might have been growing there at one time. Her
  arms and legs looked like pipe stems and her belly was actually concave.
 

 Gardi caught sight on slave C and beckoned her to approach the bed where Billy was
  restrained. Tracy was startled to see the big woman grab the rings dangling from the
  girl's nipples and yank her up on her toes. "You will do whatever Mistress Tracy tells you
  to do or I will cane your skinny ass until it looks like raw meat. Do you understand?" As
  she spoke she literally lifted the girl off the floor until she was hanging from the thick
  rings embedded in her chest. Tracy hurried over to rescue the girl from what was
  happening. The woman let slave C regain her feet and turned to Billy, rubbing her hands
  together in anticipation of what she and her twin daughters would do to the helpless stud.
  Tracy marched the girl to her bedroom for a nice long hot session of girl-girl sex. She
  could hardly wait to feel slave C's hot tongue probing her wet cunt while she jammed the
  child-like creature's head against her dripping maw.

 Tracy decided to restrain the girl just in case she had any ideas of trying to
  escape. She snapped the cuffs on slave C's wrists and had to rachet them down to the
  smallest setting in order for them to remain fastened. Then she set about removing the
  rubber pants and the bulky diaper that covered the slave's cunt. To her surprise the
  diaper was soaked with urine. She got an even bigger shock when she observed the girl's
  pubic mound. There was a large spiked ring running through her clit which was now totally
  exposed thanks to the spikes that held its hood back. There were flecks of fresh blood on
  the area surrounding that fat nubbin of sex flesh.
 

 Running down the length of her immature cunt were six massive spiked rings, three on
  each cunt lip. Tracy could see that the spikes had done quite a bit of damage considering
  the number of deep lacerations that dotted her mound and cunt lips. It struck Tracy that
  this arrangement was perhaps the most effective chastity belt she had ever seen or
  imagined. She was to discover later that there was a special tool that allowed the girl to
  be fucked senseless without her rapist having to worry about his cock being damaged by the
  spiked rings. Not only was the rapist protected, the spiked rings were now placed into a
  configuration where they tore up the flesh of slave C's pubic mound which explained the
  terrible scars covering most of that region.

 Tracy undressed slowly,her eyes taking in the ruined figure of the girl. She guessed
  that slave C weighed no more than eighty pounds and had been on a starvation diet for
  perhaps as long as a month. She noticed that the girl's ringed cunt lips were quite
  swollen, as if she had been recently fucked; not just fucked, but fucked hard and for a
  very long time. That got her to thinking how that could be managed, but then she was
  distracted by the girl's tongue that was licking her pale lips in anticipation of having
  some pussy to eat. Tracy decided not to keep the girl waiting.
 

 She carefully lowered her cunt onto slave C's face and sighed with pleasure as the
  girl's flickering tongue began to search for those spots that would provide the most
  pleasure for her current mistress, Tracy. Billy's mother and hopefully mistress to be,
  looked down at the girl who was focused one hundred percent on her task of getting
  mistress Tracy off. She couldn't help noticing that her pubes were in need of a shave, but
  dismissed that thought from her mind as she had decided that growing a full bush would be
  another step on the way to dominating her unruly son. Tracy was already exciting herself
  with thoughts of renting the boy to groups of women who would use him mercilessly and
  return him to her completely drained and exhausted. It would be then that she took over to
  wring the last drops of moisture from his shrunken form before allowing him some rest, but
  only a short period since she wanted to use her new dildo to widen his asshole some more
  so it could be more easily fisted by the ladies who waited impatiently for him to once
  more be at their mercy.
 

 Those thoughts coupled with slave C's fast tongue brought her to the first orgasm of
  the session, and it was both lengthy and quite intense. By the time she returned to earth,
  the face of the stick figure beneath her spread thighs was covered with her outpouring of
  cunt juice. Tracy hadn't enjoyed this kind of orgasm in some time despite the presence of
  her mother and daughter, and was delighted that she was still capable of having a very
  good cum complete with plenty of pussy juice issuing from her spasming fuck tunnel. It was
  then that the girl sobbed and began to piss all over Tracy's clean sheets.

 She was initially enraged at this behavior, and then realized that there was an
  obvious reason for having the girl in a diaper and rubber pants. For some unknown reason
  she was incapable of controlling her bladder muscles. Incontinence was something reserved
  for older people whose bodies were beginning to break down, not to a girl who was in her
  early teens. She would have to have a little talk with Gardi to find out about this and
  the trick that was used to allow the girl to be fucked with those spiked rings still in
  place. Tracy had already established that each of the rings was welded shut, so to her it
  was some kind of a mystery how she could be fucked without harming her assailant.
 

 There was still the matter of getting her sheets changed. Tracy decided that the girl
  had to pay some kind of penalty for what she did, but she deferred it until she got the
  whole story about the rubber pants, diaper and those nasty spiked rings. She did however
  make slave C kneel by the bed and suck her piss from the sheets. To show her that she was
  upset with her behavior she slapped the girl across the face a number of times before
  pushing her head down so she could begin straining out the piss from Tracy's good sheets.
  Tracy then walked back to where the trio was working on her son.

 Gardi was squatting over Billy's face, getting rimmed, while her daughters were
  swapping his hard dick back and forth from one mouth to the other, sucking it with maximum
  force as their hands massaged his balls which were tightening in preparation to shooting a
  huge load of hot boiling cum into someone's mouth. Gardi was too busy instructing Billy on
  where to stick his tongue and how fast to move it, to pay much attention to her hostess.
  The twins were equally unperturbed by her presence. So Tracy stood there and watched the
  action until Billy blasted a monster load all over the face of one of the twins. Then
  Gardi swiveled around rather gracefully for a woman of her bulk and presented her hairy
  pubes for his attention. Tracy gave up any hope of engaging her in conversation at this
  time, so she turned and left the trio to continue wearing down her son's resistance.
 

 Tracy lost her temper when she returned to her bedroom to discover that slave C had
  peed on her carpet. The emaciated girl could do nothing but shiver with fear as Tracy
  approached her with an angry look on her face. This time punches rather than slaps rained
  odwn on her head and shoulders as she tried to dodge them. Then Tracy landed a kick into
  her ribcage and the girl rolled onto her side and screamed in agony as the spiked cunt
  rings ate into her flesh. The next few moments were kind of hazy, but when Tracy came out
  of her rage she had her hands around the girl's throat and was squeezing the life out of
  her. She was mortified by her reaction and stood there with hands at her side, staring
  down at the shaking, sobbing stick figure of a girl. Tracy reached down and patted her on
  the head and tried to silence her wailing. Then Gardi was at the door with a quizzical
  look on her face. She took in the scene and realized what had happened. Her face darkened
  and she went after the slave. Tracy could do nothing but watch Gardi punish the girl; what
  she saw horrified her.
 

 Gardi choked the girl until her eyes appeared to be ready to pop from her head. Then
  not satisfied, she began banging her head against the piss soaked carpet. Slave C made no
  effort to protect herself, being used to this type of treatment and knowing what would
  happen if she showed any sign of resistance. The last time she did, Gardi poured boiling
  water over her feet, which still had not recovered from this torture. In a flash Tracy
  thought she understood the mystery of the spiked cunt rings as Gardi grabbed the girl's
  cunt lips and yanked them apart, then pressed them against her flesh until the spikes
  caught hold, leaving her fuck box wide open for anything that anyone might want to do to
  it. Still not satisfied she balled her hand into a fist and jammed it into the slave's
  cunt mouth with such force that it disappeared up to the wrist. Tracy was shocked to the
  core at the amount of pain and punishment that the heavy set woman was dealing out to the
  teenager. However she knew better than to interfere with what was a mistress-slave
  situation.
 

 The woman finally gained control of herself and apologized profusely for the slave's
  behavior. "I started her on piss pills a couple of days ago. I've got her on a piss and
  catfood diet these days and my doctor friend warned me that unless she pissed frequently,
  the build up of salt in her body from all the pee she was drinking would do her in pretty
  fast. I forgot all about it when I brought her over since your son's cock got me hot and
  bothered immediately. I'll have one of the girls go back to the house and get some diapers
  for her so this won't happen again. In the meantime you can beat the snot out of her if
  you want. Maybe I'll have my girl bring back one of the whips I use on her; you can really
  make her scream with the whip, especially if you use it on her cunt when it's open like it
  is now."

 Tracy used her comment to ask about the rings and how slave C could be fucked without
  the spikes doing damage to the one fucking her. Gardi grinned and replied, "I have a
  special fixture that covers the area where the rings are now. That protects the guy or
  woman who is fucking her, but it sure tears her up because their weight drives those
  spikes deep into her cunt mound while they're fucking her. She took a major raping a
  couple of days ago from a pair of my male friends, and those two guys switched off on her
  for at least two hours and she was a mess when they finally got done pumping about a quart
  of hot cum into her cunt. Lucky for her all the fasting she does has stopped her periods
  so she can't get knocked up, at least not so far." The women shared a good laugh over that
  remark.
 

 The girl was put to work sucking the piss from the carpet once Gardi went back to
  continue working on Billy's cock and the rest of his male equipment. As she left, the big
  woman casually mentioned that the girls were taking turns pissing into Billy's mouth and
  he had a pretty good belly developing as a result. Tracy promised to check in and perhaps
  add her own pee to the collection. Gardi laughed and exited the room. Tracy mused about
  the idea of perhaps lending Billy to the trio in exchange for having slave C visit her for
  some rest and recreation, not for her naturally, but for Tracy.

 Tracy could not resist the stick figure dutifully sucking up everything that was
  contained within the depths of the carpet. She went to her nightstand and strapped on her
  dildo. She approached the girl from the rear and bent over so she could pry her welted ass
  cheeks apart. Slave C continued her task and made only a slight whimper as the dildo
  collapsed her sphincter and began its journey into her bowels. Even as Tracy sodomized the
  girl she was struck by the change in attitude that had come over her once Serena and Kim
  had taken their leave, and she had confronted her mother on the issue of Florence. She
  realized with a feeling of satisfaction that she was beginning to take back her life; she
  was going to be in charge of what went on in her house, especially when it came to her out
  of control son, Billy.
 












 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taming Billy - Chapter 16



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It had been six months since Tracy had retaken command of her home and most importantly her super stud son. Between the school teachers, especially Adele, Julia and Florence, plus Lucy, the von Dortmans and others at the school such as the nurse and the principal, Billy was kept busy doing their bidding and not running amok doing what he wanted. The doctor friend of one of the inner circle of ladies devoted to taming Billy had done a terrific job of controlling him using drugs, hypnosis and some tricks that she picked up at the hospital to keep the unruly male patients under control.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Billy still proved to be a challenge when it came to draining his perpetually churning balls of their cargo, but nothing is perfect in this world. The drugs, the nearly constant sex and a special diet had leaned him down to a more chiseled version of the old out of control Billy. If anything his fetish for older women had been enhanced by the frequent, often daily contacts he made with his granny, the senior faculty at the high school and the awesomely constructed mother of the von Dortman twins. In fact Tracy and Lucy were getting a bit nervous over the fixation that Billy had developed for Imgard von Dortman. He started to talk about perhaps moving in with her and the twins once he graduated from school next year.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Over the last two months, Billy's overnighters with the von Dortmans was up to twice weekly. To further entice the young stud to a "sleepover" that always turned out to be more like a fuck marathon, his charming, late forty something, two hundred pound plus, hostess took to inviting other Teutonic females of her type to attend these sleepovers. It had gotten to the point that the von Dortman twins were reduced to acting as Billy's fluffers, making sure his hard cock was always at the ready to indulge one of these battle ships, who never seemed to get enough of his manly attention. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her invitees were women divorced, widowed, and playing around behind their husbands' backs. As a minimum they had to tip the scales at no less than one hundred and eighty pounds of horny female flesh, eschew the razor when it came to underarms and pubes, and love it in all three of their holes. The last condition had been added by Billy after a few of the ladies became a little bit too selective when it came to his efforts to service and satisfy them.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The teenage stud seemed to thrive on a diet of older pussy and that was what he was fed almost entirely. On occasion his bound and bare body would be shipped over to the apartment shared by Adele Larson and Julia Forbes for a refresher course in humility coupled with nonstop sex with the pair and other&nbsp; friends they invited to assist them in disciplining the stud muffin. His grandmother and Florence, who were now living together about a mile from his house, would pay him periodic visits and do their best to take the edge off his considerable needs. Old pussy, at least fifty plus, seemed to calm the youth down for at least a day, so their visits were most welcome by his mother,Tracy.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;His grades in school were nothing to write home about, but Billy managed to get passing marks despite his extracirricular activites that encompassed after school detention, usually two or three times a week, handling Gardi's friends as well as her, taking care of his mother, grandmother and some of the other older teachers on a fairly reguar basis, and any strange pussy, always elderly, that came across his path. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This didn't include his weekly visits to the apartment shared by the nurse and her friend the doctor, who made sure his libido was kept at a very high level thanks to her medications. He also was acting as a test subject for her dissertation on corporal punishment as applied to the school environment. Billy never knew there were so many varieties of disciplining tools used by the teachers from all over the world. He'd been beaten soundly by riding crops, curtain rods, knouts, whips, switches, floggers, straps, cat o' nine tails, rubber hoses, lengths of electrical cabling, with and without the jacket, rulers, metal and wooden, paddles, pointers, even broom handles of various diameters. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was rare when his skin wasn't cut, welted or bruised from these little excursions promoted by the tense, spare, rawboned woman in her late twenties. Very early in this activity it was decided that his cock and balls were off limits when it came to corporal punishment, except in very rare cases. She had dozens and dozens of pictures of nude school children of both sexes, ranging in age from thirteen to nineteen, showing the effects of various disciplining tools on their bare bottoms and other sensitive regions, incuding the genitals. Those in particular gave Billy pause, especially when the subject was male.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Ever the young gentleman, Billy offered to give her a mercy fuck every time he visited. This always amused the nurse who knew that her friend was leaning toward becoming a lesbian, but was still on the proverbial fence. However she was fascinated by his cock. When she was growing up in a house full of boys who enjoyed showing her their peckers and even making her touch them, she developed an interest in how those strange things worked. For her thirteenth birthday, three of her older brothers took her to a deserted house in a nearby wooded area and gave her numerous demonstrations of what they could do with their peckers, as they called them.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They stripped her naked so she wouldn't get her clothing mussed or stained, and made her kneel down and put her hands behind her neck . Then the trio pissed all over her face and body, even making her open her mouth and swallow some of their golden shower. In those days she had just the start of what would become average sized tits, and only a few whisps of black pubic hair to cover her thin lipped pussy, which&nbsp; drew lots of attention from her brothers.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They had more ambitious plans that they put into motion once she had been allowed to clean herself off with water that had been conveniently stored there in advance. Back on her knees she went and this time she had to let them put their peckers into her mouth so she could suck them and get them really hard. This led to a circle jerk and they buried her face with their hot cum, and then scooped it up and made her swallow every drop. By now she was in a state of shock and crying like a baby. Unfortuntely they had one more thing they were going to show their little sister before she was allowed to clean up and dress so she could attend her birthday party.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They took her to another room in the ramshackle house which contained only a filthy mattress. She had to suck their peckers until all of them were hard and dripping, something that didn't take much time for teens that age. They made her lie on the mattress and spread her legs so that each of her three brothers could stick their peckers into her cunny. It hurt quite a bit when the first pecker went inside and started pushing against something for a time. Then he got up on his arms and really shoved it home and there was this sharp pain and then a lot of pressure as his thing went right up inside her. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He didn't take long to fill her little tight cunny with some wet stuff. When he pulled out with a squishing sound there was blood all over his pecker and she started to cry for fear that she was bleeding to death. They all laughed and said the first one had taken her cherry and that caused her to bleed for a little bit. She was promised that the rest of the time there would be no pain at all. What did they know? The second one inside hurt just as much as the first one, but thankfully he didn't last long either. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The last brother took his time and really gave her a good going over. Every time she thought he was getting ready to finish, he'd pull his thing out and poke it into her tummy, telling her he was going to give her a big belly if she didn't stop struggling. That scared her something fierce and she let him do it for as long as he wanted. Finally, unlike the others, he pulled out and shot that sticky white goo all over her tummy and then rubbed it into her skin and said it was good for her. She cleaned herself up afterward as best she could and the four of them walked back to the house where her mother was preparing for the birthday party. She was too busy to notice how pale the girl was and the fact that she walked kind of funny. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took the better part of a week before she was back to normal. Then her brothers announced that tomorrow they were talking her back to the old house for more fun and games and she better not tell anyone or they would say she was a tramp and made them do things with her. That summer she went with her brothers at least two or three times a week and they got pettty good at doing her long enough to make her feel real sore by the time they got done filling up her cunny with their sticky white goo. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Why she didn't get pregnant is one of those things you can't explain, but by the end of summer their interests had begun gravitating towards older girls, and they left her alone most of the time. She never really recovered from the trauma of that summer and so even kind-hearted Billy was looked upon as an enemyof sorts. That explained the constant corporal punishment she dished out to him under the guise of collecting information for her dissertation.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A few weeks before summer vacation, Tracy received a phone call from Kim inviting her to send Billy out to see her and Serena for at least a month once school was concluded. It was a well kept secret, but Billy's mom was seeing an older gentleman who had a great tongue and enjoyed eating her pussy by the hour in exchange for nothing more daunting than a blow job or a good flogging of his dummy, which is how he described masturbation. Tracy looked upon this offer as an opportunity for her and the older gentleman to spend some quality time together learning more about each other's needs and desires.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was Tracy who suggested that Lucy escort Billy on his visit, so he had a familiar face and pussy to remind him of home. Kim was astonished to learn that her baby brother was seriously thinking of moving in with Imgard von Dortman and her twins next year. That troubled her greatly and she quickly agreed that Serena would welcome a visit from her old friend as well. She made a joke about the length of his visit, claiming it would last until he either lost ten pounds from all the interesting challenges they were planning for him or thirty days, whichever came first.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;News travels fast, yet Billy was blissfully ignorant of the fact that his mother had given permission for his granny, Lucy, to take him to visit Serena and Kim for perhaps as long as a month. In school there was a flurry of activity as the various teachers that interacted with Billy in detention and at their apartments swung into action. The stud muffin was scheduled for double sessions of detention every day of the week until the end of the school year. He was penciled in for special sessions to be held at the principal's home on a by invitation only basis. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The von Dortmans upped their demands to three sleepovers a week until Billy went off to see his sister. Florence, Adele and Julia busied themselves in setting up a marathon orgy involving upwards of half a dozen close personal friends including the nurse and her doctor roommate. Billy nearly had a heart attack when they broke the news of what was in store for him over the final two weeks of the school term and the following month. The only member of the family that didn't seem to be perturbed was his mother, and there was a very good reason for that as well.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued - jethro jodhpur ) 











 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  2
  2007-04-09T23:14:00Z
  2007-04-09T23:14:00Z
  4
  1624
  9261
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  77
  21
  10864
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






 Taming Billy - Chapter
17

&nbsp;

 If the truth were known, Billy had very
little interest in nailing teens his own age. With the exception of the von
Dortman twins and his sister, Kim, he avoided his female classmates as if they
had the plague. This is not to say that he didn't have a huge following among
the girls who shared classes with him. His &quot;farewell tour&quot; before
school ended was an excellent opportunity for many of these smitten teens to
get to know Billy up close and very personal.

&nbsp;

 It seems that there was a very active
market for both teachers and students who wanted to sample the best that the
stud muffin had to offer. The double session detentions were a great chance for
this to happen. Many of the teachers who normally participated in these sessions
were only too glad to sell or trade their spots for cash or favors. Thus on the
first session held Monday that ran from 3 to 5PM, most of those involved were
first timers, and it was an overflow crowd.

&nbsp;

 Florence and the school nurse were the only
regulars to put in an appearance. Billy was naked and securely strapped
down to the examining table that had
been lowered to about two feet from the floor. A pudgy classmate of his was
equally naked and seated on his face, making sure that his nose was wedged
between her flabby cheeks. She had ordered him to give her puckered poop chute
two hundred kisses, nice wet, slow ones with plenty of enthusiasm or else she'd
smother him until he did.

&nbsp;

 Naturally Billy had a good solid erection,
having not had sex since this morning's romp in the sack with his mom, who was
still recovering from the beating his thick cock had given her well used pussy.
Making the most of this opportunity was a trio of half naked teens. Two were
kneeling on either side of his steel-like hard cock that rose like a flagpole
from his groin. The third member, a blonde cutie who was a sophmore with high
aspirations, squatted at the foot of the table and gently squeezed his balls in
one hand while she tirelessly stroked the stiff shaft, alternating between the
two mouths that were open for business.

&nbsp;

 It took plenty of time, but when he
unloaded, Billy nearly blew the head off the teen sucking on his weiner at that
moment. Cum was spurting from her nose and she was choking on the remainder
that went down her throat, some of it taking the wrong pipe. Even the pudgy
girl smothering him had to look over her shoulder to see what was the matter.
The blonde offered the other girl a chance to lick Billy's fuck stick clean,
and she declined. So little blondie got to slobber and suck until Billy's man
club was clean as a whistle. 

&nbsp;

 The little soph then decided that as long
as Billy's cock was reasonably stiff, why not take a ride on the baloney pony?
What started as a canter in the park turned into a frantic gallop on the track
for all the marbles. Billy did his damnedest to get off, but the time between
was too short thanks to the way the little blonde was bouncing up and down on
his cock. She was going hell bent for election and wound up tiring herself out
totally. Fortunately there was a young teacher who was there to check out the
stud muffin and she mounted up and rode him to a furious finish. He pumped a big load of
wigglers deep inside her twat and she grunted with pleasure and gave his cock a
good squeeze with her well toned cunt muscles.

&nbsp;

 The line of teachers and students waiting
for a chance to sample Billy's cock and tongue stayed constant until Florence
informed everybody that she was going to have a nice long ride on her favorite
stud muffin, thus ending the first session of detention for the youth. Those
who didn't make it to the teenager were told to return tomorrow and they would
be the first serviced by Billy, that is unless he was intensive care once
detention was over and he made another appearance at one of the many houses and
apartments filled with hot and horny women just itching for a turn on his dick.


&nbsp;

 Quite a few of the students were shocked
to see a teacher as old as Florence showing it all after she stripped down and
proceeded to mount the half-hard cock of the teen stud. When she leaned over
and presented him with her droopy tits to suck, he went for them like a
drowning man to a life preserver. There were a number of excited conversations
between both teachers and students as to what power did Florence have over the
youth who was sucking her tits noisily and at the same time beginnig to thrust
up into her well stretched, well aged pussy.

&nbsp;

 Florence really put the youth through his
paces, controlling his cock with her experienced pussy. If he started pounding
her too hard, she merely hopped off his thrusting cock and waited for it to
cool down so it could be ridden hard once more. She was still going strong when
the women and teens who had signed up and paid for their spot in detention
session two began moving into the room where Florence was fucking Billy to a draw. A few of the students kneeled down
and got a good close look of Florence's old pussy wrapped tightly around the shaft
of Billy's cock as he mindlessly stroked in and out of that warm wet cunt that
seemed to roll with the punches he delivered. 

&nbsp;

 Finally Florence leaned forward and
started to shudder as the orgasm she was working for finally appeared and away
she went into outer space. Billy bellowed like a bull and redoubled his efforts
to punch his cock clean through Florence's leathery fuck tunnel. He hosed her
cunt walls with a thick coating of teen boy cum and she moaned and quivered as
the orgasm continued to build and build. Both Billy and Florence were seeing
stars and hearing rockets going off as they climaxed together, a rare event
these days.

&nbsp;

 Florence couldn't help showing off the
power she had over the teen stud. She lifted her graying pubes from his stickly
groin, and moved up until her dripping, oozing snatch was hovering over his
mouth. Billy stuck his tongue out as far as it could go and she dropped her
twat down to meet it. Gradually she made a seal to his mouth and he began to
noisily suction his cum from her warm,
wet fuck tunnel. Most of the audience
was astonished, while some were grossed out by this performance because of her
wrinkled skin, droopy tits and gray hair. 

&nbsp;

 The older teachers in the crowd licked
their lips in anticipation of making him do the same thing to them, while the
students adopted a wait and see attitude, secretly hoping that he would allow
such liberties when it was their turn to raise their cum filled cunts off his
body and bring them over his face for some further attention. Another side of
Billy's personality was revealed when this test was given by the girls, and
there were many who dared. Those with good bodies or pretty faces were rejected
unconditionally, while the plumpers, skinnies and uglies all received a
thorough clean up featuring plenty of tongue and mouth action. 

&nbsp;

 After four hours of nonstop fucking and
sucking, Billy was in need of some rest and rehydration. His next stop was at
the von Dortman home where he knew perhaps three or four battle cruisers were
anxiously awaiting his arrival so they could drain him dry and keep him that
way until he begged for relief or at least some rest before he could begin
pronging them again. 

&nbsp;

 Florence accompanied him while one of the
teachers drove his wasted body to his final destination before going home for
some much needed sleep. On the way, he managed to drink nearly two quarts of
water when he wasn't nursing at the gray haired teacher's droopy tits. Billy
was suffering some kind of weird mental happening that made him focus on
females with obvious physical defects such as wrinkles, drooping tits, flab,
skin and bones, and just plain ugly. Perhaps even this super stud had reached
the limit of his powers and now was showing the first signs of mental fatigue.

&nbsp;

 There were a number of cars parked in the
driveway of the von Dortman house, evidence that Billy was in for a long night
of heavy weight fucking in more ways than one. There was no one around so
Florence slipped off her panties and rubbed Billy's limp cock up and down her
slot until it grew firm. She gave him a
peck on the cheek and a few words of encouragement, such as a fighter's handler
might give just before he went out to meet his opponent. In the rush to get the
boy to his next session, the teacher had forgotten to get his clothing. So it was
a stark naked and chilled Billy who knocked at the door and was welcomed with
open arms and thighs.

&nbsp;

 Billy was immediately marched to the back
of the house by the twins, who were as naked as he was, but a lot more frisky.
He groaned inwardly when he saw the way the rec room was arranged and the group
of women who were licking their chops as they waited for him. He quickly
estimated there was almost one thousand pounds of naked flesh facing him. Two
of these large economy sized women were naked as the day they were born,
featuring gigantic sagging tits, beer bellies, pubic hair that looked like
barbed wire painted black and gray, thick trunks and thighs and eyes that
glittered when they saw him. Those two had come very close on more than one
occasion to draining him dry. Now they had reinforcements, another trio
including Imgard von Dortman, and two older women in at least their late
fifties or early sixties.

&nbsp;

 Then his eyes fell on the low wooden
table, straps attached to the legs. He had spent hours secured to that platform
as one two hundred pounder after another mounted and rode him to orgasm after
orgasm, theirs as well as his. He noticed the area rugs covering the floor at
both sides of the table, allowing them to be more comfortable while they fed
him massive amounts of bare tit to suck and chew or took turns jacking his
limber cock to make it hard eough to handle another of the steady stream of
pussy that was presented for him to eat and fuck. It was going to be a long
evening for him, of that Billy was certain.

&nbsp;

 His arms and legs were strapped securely
to the legs of the low table and the twins started to make sure he was hard
enough to take on the first member of the crowd, one of the old pussies he had
not seen or interacted with before. While Gert stroked his cock in a quick
smooth rhythm, Greta gobbled away on the head as her sister fed Billy's dick
into her suctioning mouth. Then his view was blocked as this hairy mass of
pussy settled down on his face, making it difficult to draw breath. He could
barely hear what she was saying.

&nbsp;

 &quot;I am told you are better than a
gigolo. Let me be the judge of that! No excuses from you will be accepted if
you fail to satisfy my wishes tonight, and I intend to use you frequently. Now
get to work and make my pussy juices flow.&quot;

&nbsp;


( To be continued - jethro jodhpur )















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  2
  2007-06-21T23:33:00Z
  2007-06-21T23:33:00Z
  4
  1685
  9608
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  80
  22
  11271
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






  Taming Billy - Chapter 18

&nbsp;

 The twins gave this woman a wide berth as
she settled her big beefy body down onto the teen's stiff shaft that glistened
with saliva. No sooner had her cunt begun to swallow the youth's cock whole,
another of these battleships decided to use Billy's chest like a seat. This
caused him a world of trouble, as his body was now trying to support about four
hundred pounds of dead weight, pinning him like a bug to the table. Worse yet,
the one on his chest was literally squeezing the breath from his lungs. Things
got very dicey when the older woman began moving her body up and down the
length of his cock. Every time she came down on his bulging, water logged belly
he had the overwhelming urge to puke. Billy was in the deepest of yogurt, and
the session had just started.

&nbsp;

 No one seemed to notice how red Billy's
face was getting. His tongue kept slipping and sliding over the thick pubic
hair she was forcing into his mouth. The crushing blows the other heavyweight
was dealing to his belly finally brought things to a head.He began spewing the
water he had recently drunk all over the beefy woman's crotch, making her raise
herself from his chest in order to avoid being covered with his watery vomit.
Imgard Dortman suddenly realized the teen was in great difficulty and she
started shouting in German to the others. Someone still had to grab and shake
the older woman, who was riding the teen for all she was worth, and force her
to stop her relentless pounding of the youth's belly.

&nbsp;

 Billy was taken to the bathroom and given
an ice cold shower to revive him. Once they were convinced that the stud muffin
was able to continue, an estimate that was made based on their desire to have
him satisfy them more than anything else, he was escorted back to the rec room
and once again strapped down on the table, this time allowing his head and
shoulders to extend over the edge. Now it was an easy matter for any of the
dreadnaughts to either squat over him or even sit on one of the area rugs while
he got them all hot and bothered with his tongue that seemed to be continuously
exercised in his manner. There was lots of laughter when one of the older women
actually held his head in the proper position for him to eat her pussy by using
his ears as handholds.

&nbsp;

 One after another the fleshy women mounted
his hard dick and had their way with him, bouncing their big beefy bodies up
and down until he painted their insides with a coating of hot cum that they in
turn would make him suck from their well fucked holes as another of the group
took her turn once the twins had gotten Billy hard enough for another rider to
mount up and take him for a brisk gallop. After nearly two hours of nonstop
fucking and sucking Billy was dehydrated and exhausted. By then only Imgard and
the two older women remained. Her two visitors were adamant that they weren't
leaving until Billy satisfied them one more time each, no matter how long it
took.

&nbsp;

 The twins took turns flogging his cock
until their arms were sore. All that time the two ladies alternated sitting on
his face and smothering him between their thick thighs as his tireless tongue
cleaned and recleaned their pussies and strained their pubic hair until it too
shined. Billy was released and taken for another cold shower in hopes that this
might revive him sufficiently to let him do his duty. His cock by then had
shrunk to the size of a baby's fist, and his balls were tight and about half
their normal robust dimensions. The hostess took leave for a few minutes,
telling her girls to strap Billy down to the table and wait for her to arrive.

The two women
busied themselves by having the fomer stud muffin suck their assholes and
pussies while they waited. The twins gave Billy head and managed to restore his
cock to pre-shower size, but it remained limp as a boiled noodle.

&nbsp;

 It was a stern faced Imgard von Dortman
who entered with a glass of water and two little blue pills. Her girls stopped
their efforts and watched as their mother made him swallow the pills and drink
the full glass of water. She took his limber cock in her hand and played crack
the whip with it for perhaps a minute. Then a small smile cracked her
countenance as she detected the first evidence that the blood flow to his cock
had been restored by the pills. She had the twins take turns sucking and
jacking that limber length of sex flesh back into a solid pole of throbbing
meat. The ladies were delighted and then began arguing over who was to use the
renewed teen stud first.

&nbsp;

 Gardi was very well aware what those little
blue pills could do to the average man. Before the arrival of Billy she had
resorted to them with a number of her &quot;suitors&quot;. Any man who wanted
to fuck her was in that category, but some of them needed more than the average
prefucking ritual. Usually all it took for her suitor to be ready to stand and
deliver was some mouth and hand action to get his private parts in good working
order. Those who needed more assistance got a couple of those little blue
pills. In only one rare case did that approach fail. She could only imagine
what was about to happen when this teen super stud reacted to the pills. It
would be like pouring gasoline on a roaring fire.

&nbsp;

 Gardi chose one of the women and had her
mount the teen, telling her to rub his cock up and down her dripping slot until
it was hard enough to insert. She was not exactly convinced that anything was
going to happen, and the speed with which Billy recovered caught her by
surprise. Rather than she taking command, Billy did and with a vengeance. He
started off by thrusting up into her twat, driving his renewed cock deep into
her loose, sloppy, fuck tunnel that already had accommodated it twice this
evening. 

&nbsp;

 This time he nearly turned her twat inside
out and it felt to her as if his cock was wearing away the lining of her cunt
walls. This wasn't fun, it was
punishment and he was beating her cunt into submission with a barrage of swift,
powerful strokes that seemed to go the length of her birth canal and in some
cases making contact with whatever portion of her cervix remained. At the mouth
of the woman's cunt was a foaming mass of her pussy juice and sweat that was
issuing from every part of her rounded jiggling body. The slapping sound of his
groin pounding up against her beer belly grew louder and more frequent as his
powers were fully restored and then some by the powerful drug he had ingested.

&nbsp;

 Billy was managing to lift this two
hundred pound bundle of fuck meat off his groin with every stroke, her floppy
tits going every which way from the awesome pounding he was giving her soft
pudgy body. The rest of the audience was watching and fantasizing that they
were riding him like madwomen as he tried to punch his cock through their
bodies. Gardi was shamelessly strumming her fat clit in rhythm with his brutal
assault on the sixty something woman. Her mouth was open and she seemed to be
gasping for air probably since every powerful stroke was making her entire body
respond, including her lungs which emptied their air more quickly than she
could take more in. The unequal struggle came to an end when she rolled off his
body and fell onto the floor in a heap of naked, flabby, sweaty flesh. She
would remember this fucking for the rest of her life and not with loving
memories either.

&nbsp;

 Everyone's eyes now turned to the other
senior citizen, wondering if she wanted any part of the stud muffin after
seeing what he had done to her companion. She gave them a big grin and headed
for the table as Gardi, Gert and Greta held their collective breath. It took
her a few minutes or so to properly position her flabby bottom so her tight
anal passageway was above his stiff cock that was doing a pretty good imitation
of a struck tuning fork. The twins gasped when they realized what her intention
was. 

&nbsp;

 Their gasps got louder still when like a
snail moving across the wet grass, Billy's hard length of super stiff cock
began to disappear between her asscheeks. The teen tried to begin his assault
long before she had settled down completely. She merely raised her body
slightly off his groin and enjoyed the sensation of his thrusting cock that
could only now move a few inches in either direction. Experience and guile had
once more triumphed over youthful strength. 

&nbsp;

 In this position he would have to do all
the work and under conditions she set. All she needed to do to control him was
settle her full weight onto his cock and let him wear himself out ass fucking
her tight channel. Billy had to admit defeat and so after that unequal contest
of the wills he did as she wished. For his reward he was allowed to flood her
bowels with a monster load of boiling cum that she happily accepted. Once he
was done, she leaned forward and fed him some tongue and a number of sloppy
kisses that kept him hard as steel. He begged her to let him continue ass
fucking her, but she was in charge and let him know that if he obeyed her
wishes tonight he might be able to do her over at her place before he went on
his visit.

&nbsp;

 She was not quite finished with dominating
him.Now the older woman carefully moved her body to give the stud access to her
gaping anus. Billy knew what was expected and his tongue burrowed between her
flabby asscheeks and began excavating his cum from her bowels. It was a lengthy
process and his tongue was soon replaced by his mouth that suctioned dollop
after dollop of salty, cooling cum from her ass channel. The sight of Billy
being brought low by this old and very experienced woman sort of drove Gardi
into some type of frenzy. She too wanted to dominate and bring to heel this
force of nature that was at the moment under her power completely.

&nbsp;

 The twins followed her instructions to the
letter as Billy continued to suck his cum from the old woman's asshole. The
took up positions on both sides of him and began jacking him off with quick
firm strokes, working in tandem so that when one was tired, her sister could
take over and continue flogging his cock into submission. Billy shot off before
he finished his cleaning job on the woman. 

&nbsp;

 When she finally dismounted, the woman
scooped up a goodly amount of his cooling cum that glistened from his navel to
his groin, and fed it to the stud muffin and made sure he licked every trace
from her fingers. Then she squeezed his balls until it hurt and backed off and
waved her finger at him like he was a naughty child. Gardi urged her to stay around and have Billy do
her again once the girls finished getting him off one more time. She declined
witrh thanks, noting that it was well past her bedtime.

&nbsp;

 Thanks to the little blue pills, Billy was
wide awake and alert, his cock solid as stone. It would remain that way for
many more hours as the twins continued to milk him over and over. Gardi had all
sorts of plans to make sure that they squeezed every drop of cum from his
churning balls no matter if it took the entire night. She'd just call in that
her girls were sick and then go back to bed to rest up for Billy's next visit.
Alas the teenage stud on the other hand would be driven to school by his mother
for another long day of hot sex.

&nbsp;

 ( To be continued -
jethro jodhpur )













 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taming Billy - Chapter 19



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;News travels fast, especially when it has the impact of what happened at the von Dortmans. Thanks to the twins, within less than two days it seemed that every teacher, and half the female students in the school had heard about the use of the little blue pills. Billy's capability to perform sexually while on this drug was beyond the pale; no other male student or teacher could match what he achieved at the von Dortman residence. The added revelation that the teen was displaying a rather unhealthy attitude when it came to the age of his sex partners was also greeted with shock and anger by the outraged female students, as well as the younger teachers on the faculty.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The nurse was bombarded with under the table requests for these magic pills, which put her in a difficult position. She was on the cusp when it came to her being the age that made Billy display the level of passion normally devoted to his contemporaries. On the other hand her roommate, the doctor, did have the authority to write prescriptions for the pills that were now the drug of choice for those preparing to have a close encounter of the sexual kind with the stud muffin. After a lengthy discussion between them, it was decided to restrict the use of these little hardeners to the inner circle of the school faculty, and naturally that included themselves.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Double detention was declared to be a drug free zone and anyone caught with the pills in their possession would be dealt with severely. No matter how much they were warned, there were always a few foolish ones who tried to get away with breaking the rules. Three students and a teacher were caught with the pills,&nbsp; thanks to the strip search that each participant was required to undergo before getting a chance to ride the "pony", as they began to describe Billy's perpetually hard cock. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As it turned out, Billy was getting dosed with all sorts of sex stimulants once he cleared the school property. Usually he'd get a few blues or multicolors with a greenie or two to pep up the rest of his body. These were administered while he was being transported to his next session, be it the nurse's place, Adele and Julia's apartment, the Lucy and Florence love nest or the principal's spacious home that could and did, for his going away party, handle twenty guests. Naturally the von Dortman house was always prepared for his arrival, since they were the ones that initiated sex drugs as a method of keeping him able to satisfy the sexual needs of the old heavyweights that congregated at her place. They took to calling themselves the sixty/two hundred plus club, a very good description of the membership.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;About the only one who seemed to be missing out was Tracy, Billy's mom. However, if the truth be known, she was getting her ashes hauled good and proper by her gentleman friend who turned out to be a tiger once he realized she was hot for his cock. Billy was too tired when he finally got home after his double detention sessions and a private get-together with just a few close friends of the mature female persuasion, to notice that his mom was missing. Yet every morning there she was, ready and eager to drive him to school to face another day and night attempting to live up to his reputation as the baddest stud in the entire junior class.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Billy's mom could not get enough of her new lover's fat tongue that never seemed still, no matter how long he was between her thighs, licking every square inch of what he called "her pefect pussy." Afterwards it only got better as the two love birds shared the shower and took turns soaping each other's genitals and then licking them clean as a sign of their devotion to each other. Then back to the bedroom and the mussed sheets for the main event. Tracy would suck his cock until it was rock hard and quivering like an arrow just embedded in a target.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This man seemed to know exactly how deep to go into her dripping, pussy-cream soaked cunt. He also knew that she loved it when he made his cock corkscrew inside her pussy, rubbing against the wet walls of her fuck tunnel as she groaned and her nipples got harder than his buried prick. Then he'd slowly back out until only the bulbous head was locked inside her twat. Then he 'd kiss her and feed her some tongue while he pressed forward and slowly sank it home. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He was like a machine when it came to fucking her, but like many machines he had more than one gear and before he finally filled Tracy's quivering cunt with what seemed like a tidal wave of boiling, hissing cum, she'd have experienced them all and was practically screaming in anticipation of one of those ten plus orgasms that he could provide every forty-five minutes or so. When he got done fucking Tracy, she was like a limp dishrag, but unlike her body after a pounding from her super stud of a son, this was a marvelous feeling of exhaustion without any wear and tear on her yielding pussy.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The only thing that saved Billy was there was no double detention sessions held on the weekend, which meant he could sleep late before Adele and Julia came by to pick him up for a good workout&nbsp; that would last until late in the afternoon. They had invited a few lady friends over to give Billy a good send-off. Billy was actually happy to see that his granny and Florence were on the attendees list. By the time they arrived after lunch, the other teachers had made sure that Billy took care of their itches but good and taken off, leaving him to entertain the quartet.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While Adele and Julia rested up and fooled around with each other, Florence and Lucy put the stud through his paces and were quite pleased with his stamina and usual high energy performance. Lucy let her companion dominate the session because she knew there would be lots of opportunities to work out with her&nbsp; grandson while they were visiting Serena and Kim. A refreshed and horny pair of teachers returned from the other bedroom, and Billy was put to work sucking and fucking until the spinsters were totally satisfied. Then it was off to the von Dortmans for the rest of the evening and early morning. Billy was almost looking forward for some of those little blue pills, knowing that a virtual armada of dreadnoughts was waiting for him.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They showed him no mercy. He was tied down to the big bed in Gardi's room and they took turns making sperm withdrawals from his churning balls. The two oldsters, women well past their mid-sixties were particularly demanding. Not only did he do all the work and from the bottom no less, they kept him busy licking the sweat and other strange tasting material from their big beefy bodies. One of them even went so far as to have him suck each toe and then lick between them until they glistened. Gardi fed him two doses of two pills each and his cock never went down. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By three in the morning the armada had been reduced to Imgard von Dortman and two others, the oldsters having dropped out a little past midnight, and another one was now fast asleep and likely to remain in that state until well after Billy had been spirited away to his home for some rest. Gardi gave him a special treat, letting him have her asshole not once, but twice. This inspired one of the others to give him a go at her bottom as well. The only fly in the ointment was that Billy had to suck his cum and whatever else came from those dark mysterious holes. More than once he gagged at the foul tasting, slimy, acrid materials that dribbled onto his tongue and ultimately made their way down his throat.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Just when Billy thought he was done for the morning, Gert and Greta returned from their hot dates wired for sound. Evidently the twins had taken more than just plenty of cock from the guys who had invited them to party with them. The sight of a securely restrained Billy with a cock that looked like the Washington monument was too much for them to resist. Off came their clothes revealing two well fucked pussies that were positively foaming at the mouth. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Gert beat her sister to Billy's cock, settling down on it and purring like a kitten as it stretched her cunt a bit more than those guys who had preceeded him earlier. Greta decided that she needed a good cleansing and so she sealed her dripping fuckbox to his mouth and ordered him to get busy and not to miss a drop or she'd squeeze his balls until his eyes popped out of their sockets. Gardi and the other two plumpers decided they'd had enough for tonight and went their various ways, leaving Billy to the not so tender mercies of the twins who were high as kites and thus very dangerous.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Under normal circumstances Billy would have no problem handling the three hundred pounds of female flesh working away on his hard body. However it was the end of a very long day and night, and to make matters worse he had to take a piss in the worst way. Gert's bouncing up and down on his body wasn't doing his full bladder much good, and he said so. She thought it was funny and she continued to bounce, exaggerating her moves to spite him. Then there was the little matter of his erection, which effectively prevented him from relieving himself even if that semi-plumper wasn't doing her imitation of a pogo stick. Greta got into the act about that time and began teasing him by squeezing his balls until he hollered into her sister's gash. The two of them collapsed in laughter, but Gert kept bouncing and Billy realized it would be necessary to hose her insides with a big load of cum in hopes of calming her down.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The teen stud muffin nearly bucked Gert off his body as his cock blasted a gigantic load of blue pill assisted cum into the plumper's well fucked cunt. Her sister whistled and clapped her hands at the teen's performance, then demanded he take care of her pussy as well before they even would consider doing anything to relieve his problem. That was enough for Billy ,who started yelling at the top of his lungs in an attempt to rouse Gardi. Under normal circumstances the twins would have been cowed by his reaction, but they were so wasted that they thought it was funny. Greta clambered up and sat on Billy's face, capturing his nose between her fat asscheeks. Gert got into the act by squeezing the youth's swollen balls, gradually reducing the stiffness of his throbbing cock.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Greta started bouncing her beefy body up and down on Billy's face, grinding away at it every time she rested between bounces. The stud muffin's struggles lessened and then stopped altogether. A minute or so later Gert triumphantly announced that his cock was soft. It suddenly dawned on her sister that Billy was out cold and perhaps suffocating. She yelped and rolled off his cooling body, glancing into his ashen face and wide staring eyes.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" Oh shit! I think we killed him! What the fuck are we going to do now?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; ( To be continued - jethro jodhpur ) 









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taming Billy - Chapter 20





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Greta yelled at her sister to touch the teen. Gert was reluctant, but finally she reached out and gave him a tentative poke in the ribs. There was no reaction and she did it again with the same lack of results. Screwing up her courage, she placed her hand on his chest and recoiled in horror.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" Oh shit! Oh shit! He's fucking dead! We killed him!&nbsp; What the fuck do we do now? "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" Look, no one saw anything that happened. Mom went off to bed and according to our story we were too wasted to do anything with the stud muffin, so we went off to bed leaving him tied up and being worked on pretty hard by mom's friends. By tomorrow morning mom will have discovered that he died last night and it'll be her problem to explain what happened to the authorities. You and I will be just innocent witnesses to the fact that mom and her friends were working Billy really hard when we left. It will be her word against ours and you know who the cops will believe, especially if they know there will be some regular pussy for them if they take our story as the truth. Just to be on the safe side, we better double douche before we turn in so there'll be no evidence in case they want to check on us to see if we were fucking Billy recently. That's one test that mom will fail with flying colors. " 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The best laid plans of mice and men oft go astray, or something like that. The von Dortman twins were sleeping soundly when they were aroused by their irritated mother late the next morning. It seems that Mrs. Lyons was inquiring about where her son was, and who gave him permission to stay over at wherever he turned out to be. To make matters worse it seems that she was unable to rouse Billy from the deep sleep or whatever it was that prevented him from waking up in response to her shaking and yelling. The twins exchanged knowing glances and acted innocent about what happened to Billy. Their mother muttered to herself in German and left the room.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The twins could not resist peeking into the bedroom to see what their mother was up to regarding the corpse, as they referred to the remains of Billy. You can imagine their shock and relief to discover that the dead teen had made a remarkable recovery, and was giving Imgard von Dortman the fucking of her life. His hard cock was moving so fast it seemed to be a blur at times. Gardi had this weird look on her face like she'd had some kind of drug overdose or seen her maker. They decided to join their mother and see if they too could get some of that super hard dick before he was taken away to appear at some other sex orgy arranged by god knows who to attract the cream of the crop from the local geriatric population. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Alas they were beaten to the punch by the sound of the doorbell. Gardi yelled at them to open the door and tell Lucy that Billy would be downstairs shortly. They couldn't keep a straight face when it came to telling lies covering their mother's little indiscretions.&nbsp; After all it was no secret that Billy was nuts about their mom and her friends, and everyone in school knew it. So why the lies?



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lucy and another mature lady who was tall and skinny as a rail were standing at the door when the twins, wearing nothing but teddies that hid little of significance, let them inside to wait for Billy to come down from the upstairs bedroom. Lucy grinned and commented that her grandson was certainly a&nbsp; young man on the go these days. Her companion said nothing, but she licked her lips as she took in what Gert and Greta were offering. For some odd reason Gert felt a little dampness developing in her double douched twat. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The skinny, sixty something woman was definitely expressing interest in her body, and Gert was responding with a sex fantasy involving being tied down to a bed while the woman inserted the biggest dildo she had ever seen into her cunt. Her lover had spent the better part of an hour greasing up her twat and even fisting her to make sure that pussy could stretch as much as would be required when that jumbo bad boy started chugging up the teen's buttery fuck canal.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The arrival of Billy, full of piss and vinegar, broke the fantasy just as it was getting interesting. Still the older woman managed to make eye contact with the plump teen and Gert's cunt went from damp to soaking in less than ten seconds flat. It was then that the woman, her name was Jillian and she just recently arrived from the UK, introduced herself by clutching Gert's hand and squeezing it forcefully as she spoke. To the teen it was as if a cat was licking her pussy with its raspy tongue and doing the kind of job that she only dreamed could happen. Jillian and Gert would quickly become a much more interesting item than even Billy and his harem of ancient dreadnoughts.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lucy shook her bony finger under the nose of her shamefaced grandson while she read him the riot act about his behavior and the worry he caused his poor mother. Then she stepped away and ordered the youth to strip to the skin and allow her companion to cuff his hands behind his back. She asked Gardi&nbsp; for the loan of a bath towel so they could transport him to their car parked by the side of the house without causing too much of a sir just in case some one observed the trio. Greta could not resist playing with the teen's cock while a towel was found and brought to Lucy. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Billy was breathing hard and on the verge of erupting by the time Lucy received the towel from Gert. Suddenly Jillian, who had remained in the background until then, stepped forward and quickly grabbed the youth's balls in a death grip and began squeezing them relentlessly as Lucy looked on, her eyes twinkling. Billy groaned and pleaded, but the pressure she applied was constant. Jillian looked him squarely in the eye and warned him that any unwarranted erection such as this display would be cause for her providing him some very serious pain. The teenager started to sweat and tremble as his cock grew flaccid. Tears came to his eyes and his legs began to turn to jelly as the pain radiated from his constricted balls. At a nod from Lucy, Jillian released his balls but then she struck him across the face, once on each cheek, leaving an imprint of her hand on them. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The von Dortmans were astonished to see Billy start to blubber like a little girl, the tears rolling down his crimson cheeks. Gert thought she was either going to faint or have an orgasm right then and there at this display of power by the tall, skinny, mystery woman. She immediately began to imagine that it was she, hands cuffed and nearly naked, being taken to some place where her new mistress would punish her severely before allowing her to finally have that marvelous orgasm she so desperatey needed.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jillian joined Billy in the back seat of the car as Lucy headed towards the home of principal Dana Riggs and her live-in love slave. As she drove, Lucy filled in her companion on the principal and her slave, a&nbsp; much younger teacher who had been with Dana for more than a year and was beginning to show the wear and tear on her mind as well as what was once a fantastic body. The daily spankings graduated quickly to twice weekly beatings, the one administered on the weekend so stressing that there were many Mondays when slave Lara was unable to teach class since she could barely stand erect.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The tall, skinny, pale woman listened and at the same time removed the towel from around Billy's body to reveal his cock and balls. Lucy clucked in mock reproach as she watched Jillian french kiss the youth, giving him plenty of hot, wet tongue, as her hand stroked his cock to hardness. She did some wiggling and managed to remove her panties, which she wadded up into a ball and held against the teen's face so he could inhale the scent of her wet pussy. His cock began to twitch, and now she was running her long fingernails across his nipples, only adding to the pressure on his balls to explode from all the stimulation she was providing. Lucy cautioned her companion about making the boy shoot off before principal Riggs had the opportunity to welcome him in her own inimitable way.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Somewhat irritated by not being allowed to tease and torment the stud muffin any further, Jillian leaned over and bit the youth on the lip, drawing blood and a gasp from Lucy who was more than a little upset with the way her companion was treating her grandson. Jillian was not accustomed to being chided over her behavior and she fumed, her mind busily planning for what she'd do to the youth once she had him alone. Lucy misinterpreted Jillian's silence as obedience and so she went on about the way principal Riggs treated her slave to finally reduce her to a beaten drudge.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The frequency and severity of her beatings increased, causing Dana to spread the damage out over othe portions of the slave's body beside her bottom that was the main target initially. Over a period of perhaps ten days the whip would eat away at the slave's tits, belly, thighs, calves, rib cage, bottom, back and especially her vulva, which would be beaten bloody, thus making sex with the principal a fiendishy difficult and painful experience. Principal Riggs began to experiment with dildos made from various rubbers, plastics and even composites in an effort to find the one that would cause the most excruciating pain when it was used on the slave.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now the poor thing's wardrobe was exclusively composed of thick layers of clothing to allow her to sit and move about as she taught. Had her students ever gotten a look at her naked body they would have been amazed. She was covered continuously with fresh cuts and welts from the beatings she received almost daily. Her tits, vulva and ass were reserved for the cane, the worst weapon in the principal's arsenal of whipping&nbsp; implements. Recently principal Riggs had been using a composite whip that had more elasticity and just as much power on Lara's tits, and the damage to those once glorious mounds was terrible to behold.&nbsp; 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had to always wear pantyhose over cotton panties with her cunt packed with tampons soaked in astrigents to tighen her twat and accelerate the healing from the cruel beatings and rapings it absorbed. Her once big, firm tits were now much bigger, but only because they were perpetually swollen from the vicious beatings they took from the principal, who had not been so generously endowed as the poor slave. They had also lost much of their resilience and begun to sag whenever she went braless, which was the uniform of the day when she was at the home of her mistress.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;According to what Lucy had been told today, the principal had invited her latest boyfriend, a sadistic brute, to attend this session that would feature Billy and Lara doing some very interesting things to each other as well as having other interesting things done to them by the ladies and some surprise guests as well. If both survived the session and healed properly they would give an encore performance to a much larger crowd next week just before Billy was off to visit his sister and his mother's dominatrix friend for one month of extremely strict and stressful discipline. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By now Jillian had gotten so excited from hearing about the torments to the principal's slave, that she had Billy on his knees with his head buried between her thighs, noisily eating out her hairy cunt, bringing her closer and closer to an orgasm. Lucy cut off her story since she was nearly at her destination and did not want to miss the turnoff to Ms. Rigg's secluded home. She slowly negotiated the twists and turns in the narrow one lane black top road before being stopped by a gate with a monitor. Lucy punched in the number sequence she had been given and the gate rolled back to allow her to enter the grounds.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She soon found the parking area which was already occupied by four cars and a beatup van. Just as she pulled into a spot perhaps ten yards from the nearest car, there came a long, drawn-out sigh from Jillian as Billy's fast tongue finally sent her over the falls as she experienced a huge orgasm that left her weak and starry eyed after it had passed through her body. Lucy smile wolfishly and asked if her companion was well enough to leave the car. For a moment Jillian was silent and then she heaved a second sigh and pushed Billy's head from her oozing crotch for a brief moment. Then&nbsp; with a grin she slammed his face back into the swampy mess that he had created and ordered him to clean her up quickly or take a sound thrashing once she had him inside the large house that loomed over the parking grounds. Minutes later a stark naked Billy Lyons, flanked by the two women, was marched towards the house and whatever awaited him there.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; ( To be continued - jethro jodhpur )









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taming Billy - Chapter 21





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The trio was greeted at the door by none other than principal Dana Riggs, who was not at all happy at their late arrival. It was fairly well known that the principal was bisexual with a voracious appetite for both cock and pussy. This explained her live-in female lover and slave, Lara, as well as her macho boyfriend, Roberto. Billy was too tired from his weekend workouts to care much about what the principal felt. He also couldn't help noticing that the lady, who was wearing nothing but a pair of bikinis panties that were fighting a losing battle with her stomach, was sporting a set of enhanced tits that were rather spectacular. They were a gift from her current boyfriend, and she still was thanking him every chance she got. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As Billy followed her, watching that big ass sway from side to side, he realized it was a very hot day; summer was indeed in the air. She led them towards the back end of her spacious home where the other guests were congregating, mostly in their underwear or less as they watched Lara being brutalized in the area beside the pool. The poor wretch was naked, but that was nothing new. Dana kept her naked unless she was stuffed into her rubber bondage suit which had been custom made for her, and was on its third alteration as her abused body continued to lose its tone and shape.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It now was obvious that the tall mystery woman with the bad disposition was a close friend of Ms. Riggs. As it turned out, she had been a teacher at the school before Billy's time and they had enjoyed a brief but very intense lesbian relationship just prior to Dana Riggs becoming at thirty-six, the youngest principal in the county. Jillian was also the roommate of Adele Larson during those days, and they too got to "know" each other in the biblical sense. What was going on by the pool did not give Billy any feeling of confidence that he'd be getting out of here with a whole skin



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lara, looking totally wasted, was strapped onto a pommel horse, her bottom hanging off the back end. Dana had bought this piece of equipment to be used as a disciplining tool and poor Lara was quite familiar with it. To make matters worse, the horse, covered in very expensive leather, would have normally been beyond Ms. Rigg's budget. However she solved that problem by renting Lara out to certain lady friends for their own purposes that were never discussed by any of the parties. In fact there were at least two of these patrons among the invitees today.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The pale, thinning blonde had some type of dental fixture fitted into her mouth over her teeth that did a good job of stifling her screams and keeping her mouth open wide for any and all manner of ways to degrade and tease her. Currently Lara's tongue was lapping away at the hairy entrance to one lady's cunt scooping up the salty, evil-smelling fluid that was issuing from it. On either side of the pommel horse stood two beefy women in their early forties, both naked except for panties and wielding mutistranded whips that had bits of metal on the ends. They were whipping the slave's back, shoulders and flanks, making beads of sweat mixed with blood fly after each and evey blow they struck. All this was nothing compared to what Roberto was doing to the helpless drudge who once was a gorgeous, vital woman at the peak of her physical prowess. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Billy was astonished at the size of Roberto's cock. He stood there with his mouth open and watched inch after inch move deep into Lara's asshole while the whips used by the two heavyweights kept opening new wounds and spraying the area with her blood. Lara's head was moving rapidly from side to side as the pain enveloped her entire body. This did not sit well with the woman she was eating, who began slapping her ears using both hands at once. Some members of the audience shouted out for her to use her fists and really make the slut pay heed to what she was doing. Dana Riggs grinned at this remark and nodded her head in approval. This did not make Billy feel any better. The blonde looked to be on her last legs, yet the punishment she was taking kept increasing. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Billy really got queazy when Roberto pulled his cock out until just the head was lodged within her asshole. It was coated with blood, lots of blood. Then he pumped his fist and drove the monster into his victim until his balls hit her butt cheeks. She raised her head and made some awful sounding noises that only urged the two whipping her to greater efforts. Billy got the cold feeling that they were either going to whip her to death or Roberto was going to rupture something deep inside her asshole and she'd die that way. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The teen started looking around for some kind of escape route, but found nothing. The only thing that kept him from losing it completely and just running around like a chicken with its head cut off was the way Lucy was behaving. She was acting as if this was just an average day at the principal's place. Lara would be beaten and raped until she was at death's door and by the next day or two possibly, she'd be limping around at school as if nothing had happened. It was then that two of the other ladies came over and spoke to Dana, who looked in his direction and smiled. Seconds later they were escorting him to another small room close by.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The women were in their forties, like most of those in attendance today. Their bodies were nondescript except for having pussies that were clean shaven. One of them pushed the stud muffin onto the bed and smirked. According to her he was supposed to be some kind of super stud for his age. Well, she and her good friend were going to check him out and woe to him if he failed to deliver as advertised. Then Roberto might have a chance to see how far up Billy's ass he could get his monster cock. The youth's cock started to shrink from fear and that only made his position even more precarious. The women settled in and sandwiched the teen, reaching for his limp cock and shrunken balls in an effort to revive them for some fun and games.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After a few tentative moves the two women divided Billy up into two pieces, his cock and balls for stimulation and his mouth and tongue for pussy eating. One got on top and planted her shaven pubic mound onto the teen's face and ordered him to start sucking. Meanwhile the other woman rummaged around in the nightstand by the bed and came up with not only a pocket rocket vibrator, but a ten inch hard rubber dildo modeled after some major porn star. It was obvious that this was a playroom and these ladies had been guests here previously, probably many times. Little did Billy know that Lara was usually the third member in this triad, and would be worn to a frazzle before they allowed her to limp off to spend some quality time eating out Dana.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;These two didn't take any prisoners. The one on top started sucking Billy's dick&nbsp; for all she was worth. Meanwhile her partner first lubed up the dildo with some saliva and worked it slowly into Billy's tight asshole. It was only about half way up his butthole when his cock started to twitch and quickly assumed its normal rock hard state. It wan't more than another minute or so before they had visitors, Dana Riggs and Jillian, eager to see what was up. Billy was only moments away from blowing his wad, but the ladies throttled back in order to allow their hostess the pleasure of getting him off for the first time at this little sex party.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The two women made room on the bed so that Jillian could lean over and capture his hard quivering cock in her mouth. Once this was accomplished Dana began jacking the lad with slow deliberate strokes, keeping him at fever pitch, but not allowing that little extra pressure that would send the product of his churning balls blasting from the tip of his twitching prick. To make things even more interesting, one of the ladies began running the pocket rocket over his groin and inner thighs, just adding to the stimulation he was receiving. Finally Dana grimaced and shifted the speed at which she stroked his cock. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jillian coughed and then turned color as pecker snot spewed from her nostrils and ran from the corners of her mouth. The principal quickly made sure Jillian spit all of it onto his heaving belly so she could scoop it up and hand feed the teen his own cum, still at body temperature. Once Billy finished that embarrassing task, she and Jillian took their leave, informing the ladies that in probably twenty minutes the fun would really start. Right now Lara was going swimming in the pool and seeing just how much water she could swallow before she sank to the bottom, it being very difficult to stay afloat with one's hands and feet tightly bound.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Billy's companions decided to take it easy on him, so they took turns making him eat pussy and rim assholes until his tongue was numb. All the while they incentivized him by using both the vibrator and dildo to stimulate his prostate and balls. He had a&nbsp; fairly decent erection by the time they decided to bring him out and see what was happening to Lara. It wasn't pleasant. Roberto was on the diving board holding the pale blonde overhead like she was a barbell. She was still tied tightly hand and foot with rope. In the pool were three or four women, treading water and waiting for her body to be thrown off the board. It was apparent from the lack of motion that Lara was unconscious. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With a grunt Roberto launched her body into the air and watched impassively as it struck the surface face down and flat to the water, maximizing the impact. She sank quickly and left a small trail of bubbles to mark where she was located once she reached the bottom. No one seemed interested in going below and trying to bring her up for some air. Roberto cursed loudly and dove into the pool to bring his victim to the surface. The hostess applauded his effort and from her body language he was in for a few very nice treats before he left later.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lara was cold and blue, her tits still, blood beginning to once more seep from the various wounds the flogging had caused. The principal came over and frowned at what she saw. Looking around at the group of women, she spotted the school nurse and her doctor roommate. Dana Riggs summoned those two and pointed toward the pale, cold teacher's body and ordered them to revive her, no matter what it took. Grumbling to herself about people who overdo things and then expect someone else to pull their chestnuts from the fire, the nurse began CPR. One minute, then two minutes went by and still there was no sign of life. Then the doctor took a turn and another few minutes went by with the same result. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Frustrated by it all, the nurse lost her composure and began pounding Lara's chest, right between her scarred and welted tits that showed the fresh damage from the most recent caning they'd received only less than thirty-six hours ago. Again and again she struck the cold cadaver-like body, when suddenly Lara coughed up what seemed like a quart of pool water and her eyes popped open. Her lips were still cobalt blue and her body cold to the touch, but she was at least breathing on her own. The doctor called for some blankets to prevent, as much as possible, Lara going into shock, and began briskly rubbing the young slave-teacher's skin to restore blood circulation. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Meanwhile the principal and her boyfriend were having an animated discussion about what had occurred. To break the pall that had decended upon the group, Dana announced that it was now time for the guest of honor to step forward and let the ladies see what they could do to discipline his fractious behavior short of turning him into a mindless lump of flesh such as Lara had almost become.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued - jethro jodhpur )









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taming Billy - Chapter 22





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The guest of honor was marched out to the pool area where a crude wooden frame had been set up to hold him while the ladies enjoyed his helpless naked body to their hearts' content. Roberto stood close to the teen stud muffin as his granny unlocked the cuffs so he could be properly mounted within the frame. His wrist were tied tightly and attached to a hook in the top of the frame. Then his legs were pulled wide apart, and then individually raised by a pair of women so that his ankles could be roped tightly to the corners, leaving most of his body weight supported by his arms.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He heard the sound of something heavy being dragged close to the back of the frame, then some whispering and laughter before something cold and hard made contact with his asshole. It didn't take him more than a few seconds to realize he was about to be cornholed by a dildo. Immediately he clenched his buns tight as if that was going to protect him from what was about to occur. He was concentrating so much on what was going on behind his back that he never saw the punch that Roberto landed to the pit of his stomach, bringing up everything he'd eaten in the last two days.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Principal Riggs was less than enchanted about the vomit that formed a pool in front of the frame from which Billy hung. She asked Roberto to bring Lara out so the slave could lick it up. There were a few murmurs of surprise that she would be able to perform any function after what she had suffered so far today. A few minutes later Roberto dragged the pale blonde out to the pool area by her hair. She displayed a fresh bruise to her cheek and the beginnings of a black eye. Evidently she hadn't been as responsive to Roberto's orders as he expected and the battered teacher paid a price for her disobedience.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No sooner was she on her knees sucking up the cooling vomit, then the two beefy women who had been whipping her earlier took up their positions and began stripping more skin from her back and shoulders. Lara whimpered and cried as she tried her best to vacuum up every chunk and dollop that covered the area just below where Billy was hanging. The one who had just begun to sodomize the teen went back to opening up his sphincter muscle sufficiently for her to penetrate him with the long, relatively slim dildo made of plastic with grooves cut along its sides to make any deviation from straight forward a painfu experience to the victim.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By the time Lara had gotten the area free of vomit and was polishing the concrete with her tongue, those abusing her moved their attack to her swollen, welted ass cheeks. Soon she was dripping so much blood onto the concrete before Billy that the principal ordered them to cease here, but continue her beating back inside the house in the play room. Lara began begging and screaming for mercy, her bleeding body trembling uncontrollably. For her troubles she received a brutal kick in the ribs from Roberto that silenced her immediately as she fought to gain air before she passed out from the terrible pain.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dana made a few announcements to the group, leaving Jillian in charge of Billy's punishment, with the nurse as her assistant and the doctor available in the case of any untoward occurance. She and Roberto would be unavailable for the next hour or so as they oversaw Lara's whipping and planned the next punishment for the disobedient slave. That brought some knowing smiles from the women who were aware of her devotion to this latest macho male companion.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Despite his discomfort, Billy looked around to find the mystery lady that had accompanied him to this orgy, and he gasped at what he saw. She had removed her clothing except for a pair of leather bikinis that molded to her pubic region like a second skin. The nipples of her smallish tits were pierced with thick metal rings that appeared to be made of iron or steel. They were so heavy that they actually stretched her nipples and probably kept them permanently stiff. Despite the difficulty in which he&nbsp; found himself, the sight of her ringed, nearly naked body made the blood rush to his cock and a very healthy erection quickly bloomed.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He felt the hands of the woman using his asshole tighten as she held his hips steady, and then the sharp pain associated with the dildo breaching his sphincter and beginning its journey to his lower bowel. She moved her hips from side to side to gain more friction as the grooves began scraping away at the mucous membrane protecting his sensitive intestines. With the plastic probe nearly six inches deep ,she paused and began moving it up and around in hopes of making contact with his prostate. This was not the best tool to use for this purpose since it wasn't angled properly, but even the failed effort proved most painful to the teen.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A line had formed by the wooden ramp upon which the woman was standing, her hips moving smoothly as the strap-on did its job and began touching areas that Billy didn't even know were his. Some of those waiting were talking about what they intended to do to their guest of honor once they had their opportunity. Others were discussing the advantages of the dildo they intended to use to rearrange the youth's insides. A few were busy working various substances into their tools that would add to the agony when they encountered and reacted with his sensitive, raw flesh.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The doctor and nurse were deep in conversation, and it was obvious it had to do with Billy. Meanwhile Jillian had donned a pair of leather gloves covered with sharp metal bumps and was tormenting the teen's cock and balls simultaneously, one hand squeezing his swollen balls, the other slowly stripping the skin from the head of his dick so she could tease the supersensitive flesh with those metal bumps that rolled and scraped the length of his throbbing cock. Secretly Jillian was most pleased with the reaction she was causing in Billy. She was already scheming about ways to get the stud muffin in her clutches for some more serious fun and games. Tiring of this sport she signaled the nurse and her roommate to start restraining Billy from ejaculating while his asshole was slowly opened to it limit and perhaps a bit beyond if he didn't bleed too much.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The grinning nurse carried a small bag containing the various items that would be used to keep Billy from releasing the tension that would&nbsp; build up as his asshole and especially his prostate were stimulated to beyond all reason. Jillian yanked Billy's balls down as hard as she could, bringing a gasp of pain from the stud muffin. This in turn made the one sodomizing him add more muscle to her thrusts. The nurse looped metal wire around his stretched scrotum until it formed a solid covering that ran from the base of his throbbing cock to the top of his swollen nut sack containing his churning testes. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jillian's eyes glittered as she watched the nurse add two weights to his bulging balls totaling well over five pounds. The teen's balls rapidly took on a crimson color and quickly swelled from the lack of blood circulation. Jillian could not resist running her gloved hand over the tight, solid ball of straining flesh that surrounded his testes. She flicked her finger against the the nut sack and he screamed himself hoarse much to the delight of the ladies who surrounded his bare body. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She leaned close to the youth and promised him pain unlike he had every experienced or even imagined in his worst nightmare. Jillian was intending to use her trusty rubber truncheon on those swollen balls that would be so sensitive that even a mosquito landing on them would cause excruciating pain. Imagine what a smartly struck blow to them with a heavy rubber hose would do to him. Billy broke down and sobbed like a baby, begging her for mercy and promising he would do anything she wanted if only he would be spared from this terrible fate. Jillian had him exactly where she wanted him. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Provided he survived this session and the next, plus the one month with his sister and her dominatrix mistress and lover, he would be putty in her hands when he returned; battered, pussy whipped and totally open to the mastery of someone such as herself. She even dared to think that she might be able to turn him into an impotent fuck toy for herself and her friends.They'd use him until he was no longer amusing and then sell him to slavers who would probably send him to Africa or Asia where he might survive in complete misery for many years until there was nothing left for anyone to do to him that hadn't already been done many times previously.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While Jillian fantasized about her and Billy, the doctor was screwing a hose clamp around the base of Billy's dick, adding more pressure to that being developed by the tightly wound wire beneath it. She knew that this would have to be monitored very carefully. Unless the pressure was relieved periodically there was a risk that the vessels providing blood to Billy's stiff cock would begin to rupture putting him in jeopardy of becoming impotent before his sweet sixteen birthday party. Satisfied that the hose clamp was doing its job properly, she then placed another smaller hose clamp just below the head of his quivering cock and watched it sink deep into the flesh of his glans as she screwed it down as tightly as she dared. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had only one thing left to do, and it brought gasps of surprise and excitement from the group as she threaded the sound, a thin cylinder of solid metal with a ball tip on one end, into his urethra and pushed it in until only the ball protruded. Soon Billy would know a little about what hell might be like, and the ladies could hardly wait to introduce him to his worst fears, that his cock would be so terribly damaged that he'd never be able to use it for sex again.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jillian checked on the dimensions of each dildo wielded by the line of women waiting to enhance the size of Billy's asshole. Although some grumbled, they allowed her to arrange them so that each dildo was followed by one thicker. That way the teen's butthole would be enlarged steadily as each lady took her turn. The first rotation left the youth's asshole agape, but it quickly snapped back into its original shape. That presented no problem since the group just rotated once more and this time took a little longer to work on that tight entryway. Even the doctor got into the act, using her speculum to widen Billy's anus to its limit, making him cry and beg for mercy as they jeered him for being a pussy and a sissy. To make the pain even&nbsp; worse the doctor tightened both hose clamps, making them almost disappear into the swollen dark flesh that now was approaching a blue-black shade. The nurse also got into the act, adding another weight to his stretched scrotum, putting more pressure on his bloated balls.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The two women who had disappeared into the house with slave Lara now put in an appearance to cheers from the ladies waiting for another turn on Billy's slowly loosening asshole. The cheers grew louder when they revealed the monster dildos they intended to use on the boy. They were by far the longest and thickest tools anyone here had in their possession. A couple of the ladies muttered that had they known about this part of the agenda, they'd have come with their heavy artillery, which would have put anything here to shame. They received some mock boos and a few raspberries for their comments. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When asked about the condition of Lara, the beefy pair merely smiled wolfishly and said they'd be surprised if she put in an appearance today after what they just dealt out to her. When pressed for the juicy details, they described binding a kneeling Lara to a low table with her tits held down on the wooden surface by straps. They took up positions on both sides and began beating those swollen bags with canes that principal Riggs had made available to them before she and Roberto headed for one of the other bedrooms for an advanced planning session. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They hit her so hard and so often that a waxy material began to leak from her nipples. The young teacher was in such pain that she started chewing on her tongue, which led them to gag her to prevent any further damage. Twice afterwards she passed out from the continued caning they gave her. Her tits grew so big that the skin began splitting in various spots, only adding to the mess her udders had become. They guessed she 'd need major plastic surgery to correct the damage that had occurred this day, but doubted if the principal was going to spring for it. More likely she'd&nbsp; peddle Lara's ass to the highest bidders no matter what their plans for the young woman.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While all this back and forth conversation was taking place, Billy's cock was not only turning an angry shade of purple, its skin was becoming waxy, a sign that the building pressure from the trapped blood was on the verge of causing an internal rupturing. It was Lucy who spotted the potential trouble and let the doctor know about it. She went to work immediately, and with the help of the nurse they managed to unscrew the clamps and allow the blood to recirculate for a time, even though his scrotum was still being significantly deprived of fresh blood. As they were releasing the pressure, the boy howled and then passed out, his body shaking from the terrible pain it was experiencing.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Everyone took a break while Billy remained unconscious. The ladies came round and got a good look at the condition of his cock and balls, clucking and grinning at the damage that had been caused so far. A few even took this opportunity to torture his cock further by moving the sound in and out of his piss hole, causing the senseless teen to quiver and moan from the pain they were causing. Finally the doctor gave the stud muffin a shot of some kind of stimulant that revived him. His eyes opened and then shut tightly as he saw the grinning faces of the women, most of them wearing strap-ons. Then the nurse and her roommate placed the hose clamps back on the teen's stiff, swollen cock and screwed them down until his eyes threatened to pop from their sockets.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The line reformed and the first lady carefully coated her thick, hard rubber dildo with some kind of cream for muscle aches. She made it a point to tell her companions that it was not recommended for internal usage, which brought a chorus of laughter from them. Lucy was now taking a more active role in disciplining her grandson. She pinched his nipples until they were red and swollen, then fastened small binder clips to them, bringing a howl of agony from the youth. That was nothing compared to his reaction as the fat dildo worked its way past his stretched sphincter and began plowing into his lower bowel, spreading the burning coating over the area it occupied. His body twisted and turned and thrashed against the bonds holding his naked body to the frame that now shook from his mad struggles to escape the forest fire that was burning away inside his lower intestines.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued - jethro jodhpur ) &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taming Billy - Chapter 23





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Billy writhed in agony, unable to do anything to lessen the pain that was radiating from his roiling lower intestines. Someone got the bright idea of lubricating the sound buried inside his swollen cock with an irritant. She yanked the sound from his cock and he thought his heart would burst from the jolt of pain this created. She rolled the thin metal rod across his heaving chest, coating it with the teen's perspiration, prior to dipping it into the face powder contained in her compact. Eyes glittering and her face now a ghastly mask, she approached her victim and prepared to insert the powder covered sound back into his urethra. For a few moments Billy made no response to this action. His audience began to murmur among themselves, but she remained calm and smiled evilly. Then the youth finally began to react to the irritation that was centered within the length of his rock-hard prick.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was almost like he was some type of erotic dancer, the type that worked birthday parties and the like. His groin began thrusting obscenely and gyrating as much as his bonds would allow. All the time he was making these hideous sounds that didn't sound human. His tormentor began to move the sound up and down the narrow channel and his movements became even more erratic. Principal Riggs started to be concerned that the noise he was making might attract attention from people passing her house, even though it was a bit off the beaten path. Roberto took care of her worries with a series of blows to Billy's belly and groin, short vicious hooks and uppercuts that brought up more bile and other strange, slimy material that exited via his nostrils as well as his mouth.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was his grandmother, Lucy, who noticed the spots of blood mixed with the other material that he had spewed from his gut. Rather than make a scene, she moved over to Ms. Riggs and whispered in her ear what she had seen, and advised her to take a look for herself. At first the principal tried to blow her off, but Lucy persisted, now raising the issue of perhaps having to call the authorities in order to rescue her grandson from a pack of middle-aged female degenerates, not to mention Roberto, who stood to do some serious time in prison if what she observed turned out to be fact. Lucy moved away and watched the hostess move to where Billy hung, almost unconscious and still having difficulty gaining his breath. As it turned out, a few other ladies also saw the blood that now was quite visible as it flowed from the youth's nostrils and flecked his purplish lips as well.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The doctor and nurse were quickly summoned to tend to the stud muffin, who was beginning to go into shock. Many of the attendees were taking their leave as quickly as they could, not wanting to be in the vicinity of what might turn out to be something very serious that had the potential of attracting attention from the police. If Billy had to be taken to the hospital, certain reputations would dissolve like sugar stirred in warm water. Mr. Macho finally figured out he was in a heap of trouble and made a hurried exit without even saying good-bye to his main squeeze for the moment. The principal found herself high and dry, now faced with a situation that was career threatening. Fortunately for her she had a hole card to play and so Ms. Riggs used it, calling in a favor from an associate.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Billy was wrapped in a blanket and transported to a private hospital located a hour's drive from here. Lucy drove and the doctor accompanied her to make sure that Billy remained conscious and didn't suffer any new trauma. She used the time to remove the sound from the stud muffin's cock and irrigate his irritated urethra. There was nothing she could do to conceal the bruises from Roberto's fists or the youth's gaping asshole, but supposedly the hospital personnel would treat them without contacting the local authorities, with whom they had an excellent working relationship. Provided there were no complications from the internal bleeding, Billy would remain at the hospital for perhaps a week or more and then be sent home to finish his recuperation. Naturally this meant that his visit to his sister, Kim, and the dominatrix, Serena, had to be put on hold until he was fully recovered.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Things went smoothly once they got the youth to the hospital. The staff proved to be quite competent and he made a speedy recovery. Word got around about his prodigious capacity for sex, a fact provided by the doctor while she was being interviewed about her patient's injuries. As luck would have it, the doctor and a staff member at the very private hospital had a mutual acquaintance. That in turn led to an invitation to stay with this individual while Billy was being treated. She accepted with thanks despite not having any clothing with her. It turned out that her hostess and she wore the same size, so that wasn't a problem either.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That evening Ellen, the doctor, went with her new found friend, Heather, to her nicely furnished home, while Lucy stayed in Billy's room on a cot, refusing to leave his side until she was satisfied that he was well on the way to recovery. One of the night nurses, a woman in her late fifties took pity on Lucy and convinced her to take a break and have some coffee while another nurse took over the vigil. Over coffee and some pleasant conversation, Lucy and the nurse developed the beginning of a rapport. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The night nurse, Irene, casually mentioned that the hospital's specialty was caring for those with sexual problems, both mental as well as physical. Lucy acted the innocent which amused her companion, who went further and admitted that she was an active lesbian who often had sex with her patients. Now Lucy's antenna were at full range. Irene was no raving beauty, but evidently had enough sex appeal to have a dedicated following among a certain group of patients, ranging in age from sixteen to sixty-eight. In fact she made a little joke that as soon as her oldest hit the magic number, she and her compatriots were going to provide her with a round the clock session of her favorite sex act. Lucy nearly choked on her coffee as she felt the first surge of lust creep into her twat, which had begun to drip a minute or so previously for reasons that she could not fathom until now.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lucy was not the only one who was learning about the hospital and its inmates. While dinner was cooking, the two physicians exchanged information about themselves and what they did. By far Heather had the more interesting tales to tell, and so she took the lead. Ellen, not to be undone, started to drop hints about her sexuality and the strange things in which she recently found herself becoming involved. One glass of wine turned into two and now it became a "can you top this" type of conversation. You talk about your truth or dare, this was two ladies letting down their hair and the loser would be sleeping in the wet spot tonight. A wet spot that would have been created in her by her companion's use of fingers, lips, tongue and perhaps a buzzing toy or two.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They took a break for dinner before resuming their conversation. Ellen was becoming very tired from the long day and the tension associated with Billy's difficulties. Heather's boasts about having sex with about half her patients, both men aand women brought on a case of the giggles in her visitor,and she was smart enough to back off and let things play out by themselves. She suggested that Ellen take a nice hot shower to relax herself while she prepared her bed. Heather was delighted when her guest suggested they shower together. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once again it was show and tell time and Heather won hands down, revealing her tits with delicate gold rings piercing the nipples, and a perfectly smooth vulva, the product of monthly bikini waxing, a painful process, made even more painful by the two young Korean women who enjoyed performing it on their "white" customers. Heather bragged that she was one of the few customers that didn't have to be physically restrained during the agonizing process of stripping every hair from her groin area as well as those that hid away in the dark recesses of her anal region. To illustrate how effective this procedure left her, she bent over spreading her cheeks apart and challenged her guest to find so much as a single hair. If she did, she could spank Heather's bottom until it was crimson.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;According to what Ellen said later, without the wine and the heavy meal affecting her judgement, she would never have taken Heather's dare. However as luck would have it, she spied a lone hair marring the smooth perfection of the waxing process. With a loud cry of triumph she plucked it from the region between her hostess' unblinking brown eye and vulva. Heather gave a loud yelp of shocked surprise and swiftly turned to face her guest who was holding up the single tendril of dark hair. The next thing she knew they were locked in a smoldering kiss and Ellen's hands had closed round her ringed breasts as their tongues explored each other's mouth. She reciprocated by grabbing her visitor's sagging globes and massaging them as they continued to swap saliva.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The shower that followed lasted an inordinate length of time, but who was counting? There were so many nooks and crannies to explore and then wash and then rewash to make sure that every square millimeter of skin had been covered satisfactorilly. Many areas required kneeling on the tile floor of the shower stall and working diligently with soap, washcloth, fingers and tongue to be certain that no spot was left untouched. They both had their favorites, and they were not the same, which made things even more interesting. While one worked, the other rested for her next assignment, and so forth and so forth until the water turned chilly, signaling it was time to towel off and retreat to the comfort of a warm bed and an even warmer fellow occupant. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The spirit might have been willing, but in Ellen's case, her flesh was weak. Her last recollection was Heather's tongue sliding in and out of her ear and hands massaging her hard-nippled tits. That is until early in the morning when she felt the entry of that same tongue into her wet and very hot twat. The damnable alarm clock went off just as Ellen began sucking Heather's ringed nipples, determined to make them as hard as stone before she made the journey down to that furnace between her bedmate's thighs that she knew was waiting for her tongue to extinguish the flames until tonight.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lucy's evening was nowhere as exciting as Ellen's, but a spark had been struck between her and the night nurse. She wondered what the following evening might bring. Billy came out of his comatose state early the next morning and was ravenous, much to everyone's delight. The physician handling his case checked his vital signs and seemed satisfied. The night nurse paid Billy a visit, but it was evident that the attraction was Lucy. She invited Lucy to have breakfast with her, promising that she'd have her back in a reasonable amount of time. Billy was demolishing his breakfast when she left for her own meal with Ms. Irene Lancer, a veteran of two failed marriages that had produced no children and the realization that she liked women way more than men.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lucy was rather taken aback when Irene mentioned that breakfast was going to be at her place and she was welcome to use her shower while she&nbsp; was preparing the food. Despite the fact that she was currently involved with Adele Larson, Lucy felt her juices rising rapidly. She excused her deviation as just a fling and a celebration of her grandson's recovery from what could have been a very serious injury. This done, she most graciously accepted the nurse's invitation, especially the hot shower.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When a refreshed Lucy stepped from the shower, her naked body glowing from the pulsating torrent of warm water, she was confronted by an equally naked Irenel Lancer who expressed disappointment that her shower was over. All she could think of was the outline of the nurse's thick cunt lips, still hidden by a patch of graying pubic hair, much like her own. When Irene added that breakfast was in the oven warming, and could probably stay that way for perhaps another hour, Lucy grinned and reached back to turn on the shower.

 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Getting soaped up by another woman sure beat doing it alone. Irene had a great touch, especially when she inserted most of her hand into Lucy's twat and made it do backflips. Lucy couldn't control herself and the next thing she knew, her tongue was halfway down the nurse's throat while at the same time she was thumbing her nipples into hardness. Irene's knees buckled at the two pronged assault, and she suggested they adjourn to her bedroom and get comfortable. It took them less than a minute or so to towel themselves dry and then Lucy followed the twitching motion of her gracious hostess' sagging bottom, leading her to the bedroom.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The queen size bed proved to be quite adequate for their needs. Ardent kissing featuring plenty of tongue and saliva soon changed into a passionate sixty-nine activity that allowed each to sample the other's pussy juice. Lucy loved the taste of the waterfall that her partner's cunt provided. She was too busy chowing down the tart but tasty juice that flowed steadily into her mouth, to even wonder what Irene was thinking about the juice she was also delivering. It was the bout of coughing coming from her bedmate that indicated her spendings were overwhelming the nurse. Without any comment, she managed to roll over and suggest that she needed her strength back if this was to continue. Her companion laughed and agreed, announcing that breakfast was now being served in the kitchen.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The two naked women strode into the kitchen, Lucy bringing up the rear and licking her lips in anticipation of licking and kissing that bottom for a considerable length of time after breakfast. Irene insisted on serving her, and for her troubles she received numerous kisses to certain intimate portions of her still sexually exciting body. The final attack was made with both of Lucy's hands holding firmly onto the nurse's buns while she stuck her tongue up the woman's cunt and wiggled it salaciously, gathering plenty of cunt sludge for her efforts. She made a joke about seeing if they could form a small company selling their cunt juices and sauce for use by lonely women. Irene giggled and said they'd probably go out of business because they'd be dipping into the inventory too much.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued - jethro jodhpur )









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taming Billy - Chapter 24





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After breakfast Irene suggested another shower, but Lucy would have none of that, commenting that she would much rather taste her companion than her soap. That observation got her some very serious attention once they returned to bed. Lucy had to admit that her bedmate was a much more sophisticated lover than Adele, and her enthusiasm was top of the scale as well. When the nurse rolled her onto her stomach, pried her cheeks apart and began sucking her anus, she nearly swooned. When it was her turn she licked and kissed Irene's sweaty armpits, enjoying the funky taste as well as all the salt. Her hostess suggested another round of sixty-nine and soon mouths were glued to cunts as the two of them gulped down all that her partner could provide. Irene summed it up later as the breakfast of champion pussy eaters, and they both collapsed in laughter. All good things had to come to an end and so it was with their first tryst.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Returning to the hospital Lucy discovered that Billy had been sedated so that another irrigation of his sore and very tender urethra could be done. This left her some time to wander about the hospital, which she soon discovered was more like a prison than a medical facility. The doors to the patients' rooms were locked securely and there were observation ports that allowed the orderlies and nurses to check on the patient without having to enter the room. She hadn't been on her tour more than a few minutes when a heavy-set nurse challenged her. It took some time to explain who she was and her connection with the patient who had been brought in yesterday. To her surprise the nurse used a small radio transmitter to ascertain the truth to her statements. When she was told that nurse Lancer had vouched for her, the nurse's attitude changed substantially.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lucy was invited to go with the nurse as she made her rounds. Having nothing better to do until Irene made another appearance, she accepted. Her compaion explained that this was a very special hospital that usually admitted patients whose presence at a normal hospital might cause questions to be raised or those requiring very specialized therapy that could not be done in a traditional setting. Billy was a very special case because one of the hospital patrons asked for his admission, which was her right. However he was not scheduled for any treatment that could not be done at a regular hospital, except for the questioning about what caused his injuries which might arise. Lucy's opinion about the school&nbsp; principal was significantly elevated when she became aware of her influence at this place.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the nurse "innocently" inquired about which part of breakfast did she enjoy at her visit to Ms. Lancer's home, Lucy shot back with a reply that made her questioner laugh. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" Before and after? That's the&nbsp; best response to my question I've ever gotten. You are one interesting lady; too bad I'm not into women these days."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lucy smiled and declared that she went both ways and as far as she was concerned, it didn't matter who was doing what to whom,&nbsp; just as long as it was pleasurable. Her tour guide laughed and said Lucy would have a field day if she worked here. Most of the patients had some type of sexual problem or abnormality that required non-traditional approaches to treat. Currently there were fourteen females ranging in age from sixteen to sixty-eight undergoing various therapies for their conditions. According to her, nurse Lancer had at one time or another had sex with every one of them. This was quite easy to accomplish since all of them were naked and restrained at all times, even when they were undergoing therapy. Irene had her favorites, usually the young stuff, because they had enormous amounts of sexual energy and could be used for hours on end without causing any serious physical harm. Now on the subject of their mental condition, that was not for a mere nurse to judge.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Excluding Billy, they were treating eighteen male patients, who had a much more narrow age spread. The youngest were twin boys who were fourteen and inexhaustable to date despite the efforts of many of the nursing staff to wean them from their aberration concerning their mother. Twice in the last year they had attacked and raped her. As part of the second rape they invited a large number of their friends to also enjoy their helpless mother's body. She evidently was raped almost continuously for over thirty hours. Her sons knew that she dared not report this to the authorities for fear of bringing down scandal to her family, including her rather well known husband who was a major figure in the world of finance. However there are people on the hospital staff that believe the boys were raping their stepmother, not their birth mother. This claim has been made by both boys while under extremely severe treatments that are limited to only a few patients due to the near lethal consequences of some of its aspects.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The oldest male patient, at forty-seven, had been here for the better part of two years and seemed to be thriving. He had himself admitted and gave his seventeen year-old niece power of attorney, which meant she was the only member of his family that could have him released. She used to visit him once or twice a month, and the tapes of their meetings were so hot it's a wonder that they didn't burst into flames. His niece had a body that would make a porn star envious, and her tits were all natural and at least 38DD. She had a shaved or waxed vulva with fat cunt lips and a clit the size of a walnut.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The poor man was always stretched out on his bed, wrists and ankles manacled to the corners. Prior to her arrival a couple of nurses would suck him off until he was rock-hard and on the verge of spilling his load. First a sound would be inserted into his urethra, a most agonizing procedure. They then would install a special cockring designed specifically for him. One part would be clamped around the base of his penis and had a screw type arrangement that allowed the ring to be tightened until it nearly disappeared into his distended flesh. It was never left in this position for longer than one hour for fear that the loss of bood circulation would leave him in a near impotent state for perhaps months. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The second ring encircled the middle portion of his full erect sex organ and when tightened to its limit the area between the two rings would swell rapidly and become very painful until the lack of circulation numbed the region. The third ring, also hooked to the penis holding fixture, was designed to fit tightly around his glans, causing the head of his sex organ to double in size, and the region between them to become distended and waxy from the pressure built up just below the extended layer of stretched skin. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This piece of equipment was exhaustively tested on other patients before being used on the patient. In no case was an ejaculation ever observed, but there were certain reactions that occurred indicating that without the sound there was a remote possibility that an extremely intense ejaculation could be induced. However such an event would more than likely cause significant damage to the patient's internal plumbing.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once they were satisfied that he was sufficiently restrained and ready for her visit, his niece would be escorted into his room wearing only a hospital issued robe. Prior to this she had been given a full cavity search, an enema and forced to vomit in order to make sure she was not smuggling any drugs into her uncle. This was merely an excuse to humiliate her, but she always took it in stride, no matter how rough and crude they became. Originally there was a great deal of jockeying for position to be included in the nursing team that supported the physicians who actually supervised and did most of the examination. However management quickly went to a lottery method to choose the nurses for this plum of an assignment.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;His niece always tried to visit during her period and she flowed heavily. She also made sure that she had intercourse with a number of "safe" men who she had carefully selected. During her examination, after the speculum had been used on her pussy and asshole, her original tampon would be replaced by one from the hospital. Her cunt and asshole were always found to be saturated with semen from her various sex partners. Once she was allowed to approach her uncle and begin teasing him, she'd remove the tampon after she had straddled his chest and situated her pussy such that he could begin eating her out.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her escorts would make themselves comfortable and watch the activity that took place. He would suck out every last drop of menstral blood and semen in about twenty minutes, and then she'd turn and let him suck out her asshole that unfortunately was always clean as a whistle. Following that tease she'd french kiss him and run her long fingernails across his nipples to make him even more excited. Then she'd start sucking his rock-hard cock which by then had no feeling in it. She'd soon begin alternating between sucking and jacking his imprisoned cock, making her uncle's blood pressure rise to dangerous levels. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Finally for the grand finale, she'd do her imitation of a pogo stick as she bounced her awesome body up and down on his imprisoned cock, letting it move in and out of both her lower holes. By then his face would be red as a beet and his vital signs would be moving into the danger area. Her escorts would order her to dismount and leave him to recover. To give him a final dig, she'd innocenty ask if the orderly with the huge cock was available to fuck her before she left, since her uncle's dead cock did nothing for her. They'd go along with the act and tell her he wanted more than a hundred dollars to do her this time, since she had the rag on.

 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lucy could not stifle the giggle that came from her at this wild story. That's when she was given the opportunity to watch the star boarder at the hospital get his just desserts. It seems that he was cheating on his lady friend who was not only twenty years his senior, but worth roughly fifty thousand times what he had been making a month when he first met and swept her off her feet. Clarissa had been very careful about who she dated and until she met Chad, she was still techically a virgin. She did admit to being wed to her vibrator, but that changed quickly once his big cock found a safe harbor inside her cobwebbed cunt. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Chad wasn't much, but he knew how to pleasure a woman. First the lips, then the tongue, then a few fingers, then finally the big cock, but gentlyat first. Clarissa was soon addicted to his cock and they both knew it. Unfortunately he wasn't satisfied with screwing a forty-five year-old woman with a well preserved figure, and worth over one hundred million dollars and still counting. Chad had higher goals; he wanted an upgrade in his pussy and his allowance as well. He started gaming his meal ticket, rationing the cock and making her work harder for it. She was developing into a fairly decent cocksucker by the time she got wise and put a private detective on his tail. It only took a week for the pro to present her with enough evidence to sink his sorry ass. That's when she gave him a choice, hit the pavement or rehabilitate himself at this private sanitarium in which she had a financial interest. He foolishy signed away his rights, all nice and legal, giving Clarissa's lawyer the power of attorney, and was admitted about a month ago. Now Lucy was going to get a treat and watch him pay the piper and then some.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued - jethro jodhpur )&nbsp; 









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taming Billy - Chapter 25





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They reached their destination just as a team of hard-faced nurses was unlocking the room. The trio consisted of an overweight woman in her early fifties with huge tits that were spilling from her blouse, a slim brunette with sharp features who looked to be in her late thirties and a honey blonde with an awesome figure who looked like an unhappy high school cheerleader whose team was behind by three touchdowns late in the fourth quarter. Lucy's companion shouted to the group, asking them if they had room for two more. The older woman grinned maliciously and waved for them to enter.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The sight of a male, bare bottom greeted Lucy; the patient was restrained in a way that made his body jackknife, wrists and ankles both secured to the top of his bed. Her companion observed that this was called the diapering position, and in it he was vulnerable to almost any procedure or punishment they could employ. That was only part of it as she soon discovered. On closer look she saw that there was some kind of plug stuck into his asshole. She looked at her companion who laughed and told her that was standard operating procedure, especially if he was a bad boy and gave the nurses trouble while they were carrying out the doctor's instructions. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The heavy set nurse grinned and said he was holding three clove suppositories as a result of his bad behavior earlier today while another team of nurses was giving him his morning high colonic. Lucy had to admit that "high colonic" didn't ring any bells for her. That brought laughter from the nurses. One of them explained the principle of the procedure and how it removed every trace of fecal matter from his intestines. It was basically a pumping machine that first squirted hot water into every portion of the lower intestines, and then sucked away anything clinging to its walls. The buildup of pressure and heat in the patient's colon caused considerable cramping, which normally was relieved by massaging the area externally with a large vibrator. However he was such a nuisance this morning that he got no assistance whatsoever. The suppositories were the nurses' way of letting the next group know just how unhappy they were with his lack of cooperation.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lucy let out a gasp when she saw the size of the patient's cock, it was a monster! What added to her shock was the length of tubing attached to the head. It was evident that he was being catheterized, a painful situation that she could appreciate much more now that she had seen first hand what such a process could do to her grandson.&nbsp; The nurses joked about seeing how much of it she could take without fainting. Lucy would have none of that. She accidently let it slip that the biggest cock she was taking these days belonged to her grandson, who was being treated here. That intrigued the group and they began teasing her about robbing the cradle and did she know that incest was against the law? She shot back that she knew plenty of women her age who were getting it from teenagers who appreciated what an older woman knew and how grateful she could be for their attention. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On top of that they often introduced their lovers to younger women as well, since older women who were sexually active usually went both ways. That silenced the kidding almost immediately. It was very apparent that this trio knew exactly what she was talking about. To end this conversation, she gave the young nurse a look that made her blush and finished by wiggling her tongue in her direction, bringing a roar from the others. Now their attention turned to their recalcitrant patient.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The team leader called a halt to the kidding and started giving out the assignments for this session. Lucy and her companion were told to take a seat and watch as the trio went about their duties. The patient was to be fed, his bladder emptied and the suppositories removed from his colon, provided he sexually satisfied the three nurses orally. It was then that Lucy's guide suggested that he also satisfy Lucy who had been under some strain since arriving at the hospital to look after her grandson. That brought a smirk from everyone, but her suggestion was accepted. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once this was accomplished to everyone's satisfaction, he would demonstrate his ability to perform auto-fellatio, a new trick that he had been taught recently. His performance would be video taped and included in the next report sent to his former "significant other", Clarissa, who had left the country with her new lover, a young lady with an immense talent for producing extraordinary orgasms in her older companion. The poor dupe hadn't yet been informed that he was going to be a guest of the hospital for many months to come at least, that being the duration of Clarissa's trip. Upon her return a final decision woud be made about his future status.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One of the nurses had been carrying a closed pot, which she now opened and fanned the aroma that emanated from it in the direction of the patient. Lucy could&nbsp; now see more of him in her current spot by the bed. The catheter attached to his flaccid cock was clipped off to prevent him from urinating. How long he had gone without relief was anyone's guess. His mouth was stuffed with something that made his cheeks bulge much like a squirrel that had just found acorns. He was blinking back tears, indicating he was in a great deal of distress. Things got much worse when the young nurse unzipped her uniform and stepped from it, wearing only a thong and bra that did little to conceal her big firm tits with nipples that could cut glass.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She reached over and pulled away the transparent tape that held whatever it was inside his mouth. Then like a magician doing a trick she began to withdraw a pair of sodden, wadded bikini panties from his oral cavity as the doctors called it. She wrinkled her nose at the smell that came from them. Evidently before using them as a gag, its owner had pissed in them. The pot was placed on his chest so he could smell the contents, and he groaned. The nurse in charge of feeding him started to describe the mess bubbling in the pot.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" We have some nice month-old eggs with chili powder in a broth of day-old dishwater loaded with grease and detergent. Added to this is some rotted lettuce and tomatoes along with cheese mold and wormy apples that have begun to ferment. The meat is salt pork infested with maggots plus various peelings that have been decomposing in the main kitchen garbage cans. This meal is seasoned with plentiful amounts of salt, garlic powder and double distilled essence of hot peppers. It will be served along with as much of your recycled urine as your belly can hold. Oh, I forgot, for the appetizer we have provided half a cake of lye-based laundry soap. Bon appetit! "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The look on the patient's face was priceless. Evidently this marked a new low in what passed for sustenance. The&nbsp; nurse held out the bar of orangish soap and and rubbed it across his lips. When he refused to open his mouth, she sighed and spoke.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Start eating this delicious soap or we'll leave you this way until the next shift. On second thought that's not true. We'll shove another half dozen clove suppositories up your sorry asshole and see what that will do to your colon. I know one thing for sure, your bladder will start&nbsp; backing up into your blood stream and uremic poisoning is no picnic to have, even at a good hospital like ours. Now I'm going to count to ten and if you're not chewing on this delicious cake of soap, then we are packing up and leaving you to stew for at least eight more hours."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To make sure he understood what he was gambling, namely his health and perhaps even worse, one of the nurses pulled the butt plug from his gaping asshole and prepared to stuff more of those fiendish clove clusters deep inside to join the melted remains of the first three. The young nurse began climbing back into her uniform and the one holding his dinner picked it up from his chest and turned to leave. He cracked and asked for the soap. His feeder smiled and offered the soap, which he bit down on and swiftly swallowed a small piece. The young nurse began to slowly stroke his cock, which grew stiff despite what he was doing. He started to make good progress on the rest of the soap, but felt his tongue and lips beginning to blister. He croaked for water and they laughed.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Care for a nice drink of your recycled piss instead? Then again perhaps nurse Faucett will open that nasty catheter and let you have some of yours, fresh from the tap."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;His reply was incoherent, so she told the nurse to give her the clipped end of the catheter, so she could provide him his own urine as she saw fit.&nbsp; Another of the nurses began taping this disgusting activity. Lucy was utterly fascinated and was making mental notes so she might be able to utilize some of what was happening here when it was her turn to discipline Billy once she got him over to see Serena and Kim. The patient was given ten seconds to drink his own urine before another portion of the strong soap was forced into his mouth. Over and over the process was repeated until the soap was completely consumed. He was allowed to have almost half a minute of his piss to drink in order to "cleanse" his palate for the main course.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Making him eat his food was a tough assignment, especially now when his bladder was nearly half empty. The old nurse got very frustrated and decided to take matters into her own hands, so to speak. A strap-on dildo of impressive size seemed to materialize out of thin air and soon it was jutting from her shaven groin. She managed to get to her feet on the bed and with some assistance from the young nurse, she was soon in a position to begin widening the patient's asshole with her big tool. In his position his gaping asshole was the perfect target for her thrusts. She took her time and made every stroke count, bringing loud cries of pain from him as each sank almost to its limit in his burning colon. It didn't take long before he was begging for another chance to eat whatever was in that pot. The nurse finally pulled out and then made him suck off the mess that had accumulated on the dildo.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While this was going on, one of the nurses was preparing a cone to be placed around his neck. It's purpose was not apparent for a few moments, then it dawned on Lucy that this was designed to retain any vomit that might ensue once he began ingesting this sickening mess that was doing everything except bubble. He too seemed to understand its function, probably having it used on him previously. Once it was fixed firmly around his neck and tested for leakage, none was evident, the feeding portion of this session began in earnest. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The nurse used a wooden spoon to feed the patient his meal. Things went smoothly for a minute or two and then he began regurgitating the delightful repast they had prepared for him in the hospital kitchen. The unequal struggle continued for a time, but it was soon apparent that he had no ability to prevent his body from reacting this way to what he was being fed. The nurses put their heads together and after agreeing on something, they went into action. Under the patient's bed was a treasure trove of strange apparatuses. The first thing they put to use was a device modified from a dental fixture, once used to keep the head of the one having dental work from moving. It went into his mouth and propped his jaws apart to their limit. Then a funnel-like tool was screwed into the base of the fixture so that it was forced down the patient's gullet. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now it was a simple matter to merely pour his meal into the funnel and let gravity do the rest. However in this case they gave him smaller portions and followed each with a generous dose of his recycled urine, which was also kept in a chamber hidden beneath his bed. Even with this approach, it took a considerable amount of time before he managed to hold down his meal. By then, his belly was quite swollen from the large amount of "food" and the even larger amount of recycled urine that had been used to decompose and keep the material from being rejected by his stomach walls.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A nurse unhooked his ankles from the top of the bed and stretched him out with his legs now spread apart and chained to the bottom corners. It was time for him to eat some pussy. To get him in the proper mood, nurse Faucett stripped down to just her thong and began sucking his cock into life. The older nurse, being senior took the first turn, squatting over him and spreading her cunt lips apart so his tongue could get into her twat and start stirring up her juices. For her age this nurse was quite demanding when it came to having her pussy properly serviced. She had numerous patients who were selected for their ability to give her the right kind of tongue and lip service. This was her latest project and he appeared to be learning fast, especially after the many private lessons she offered after hours, when there was no activity to speak of in the darkened hospital.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lucy watched in amazement as the patient's cock grew larger and larger, reacting to the attentions of young nurse Faucett. Meanwhile the senior nurse was moving her body to and fro, offering his tongue both her pussy and asshole to enjoy. He really made a pig of himself when he started sucking her asshole. Those after hours lessons really paid dividends now. For some reason that she didn't understand, but certainly appreciated, he was crazy about her asshole. She often wondered if his former girlfriend had anything to do with this weird behavior, and often thought to herself that she should take the time to make him tell her all about this fixation for her asshole that he exhibited. Then she worried that perhaps this might end all those lovely orgasms his fast tongue and heated lips provided.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Without any warning the nurse started bouncing her bare body up and down on the patient's face, as the first orgasm rolled thrugh her heavy body. The poor man was buried under nearly one hundred and eighty pounds of crazed nurse pussy. The second orgasm plowed the first one under and only added to his difficulty. Now his face was buried in quaking pussy and there was nothing he could do about it, since he was securely restrained.&nbsp; Meanwhile nurse Faucett had now gotten his dick hard enough that she could begin making it tunnel between her firm tits. The othe nurse was still occupied with filming the action and so there was no one concerned about the health of the patient. Lucy tried to get up to help the man, but her companion pushed her down in her seat and told her to relax, the trio knew what they were doing.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Somehow the patient survived, and the nurses traded places, with the senior one taking over the duty of recording the action, and there was plenty. The second nurse really made him work, forcing her pussy down on his face and smothering him whenever he got too close to making her cum. Over and over she forced him to greater exertions as he desperately did everything in his power to bring her off. She also made him lick and suck her asshole, which from his reaction, wasn't as pristine as the senior nurse's. All good things must come to an end and so it was for this bout. She finally buried and smothered him with her dripping pussy as he frantically sought to find the switch to turn her pussy into a boiling kettle of pussy juice. For all her efforts, the orgasm he wrung from her was a five on a scale of ten according to Lucy's nurse guide, who should have known.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Nurse Faucett took her turn and assumed a sixty-nine position, with her fragrant pussy glued to his face as she continued to alternate between jacking and sucking his twitching cock. Unfortunately for the young nurse she forgot herself and got him off long before he was ready to send her skyward. She took plenty of kidding as well as a major mouthful of his cum. So not only was she deprived of a nice orgasm, poor Lucy was also left high and quite dry. The nurses were very apologetic, but that was the breaks. Nurse Faucett was headed for some serious discipline as a result of her severe breach of decorum, and Lucy was invited to witness he punishment. There was also a very strong hint that the young nurse would be paying a visit to Lucy sometime this evening to personally make amends for her poor behavior. The prospect of that young blonde sex machine licking her cunt really got Lucy wet.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was still one more item on the agenda. Once more they out him into the diaper position, his ankles pulled back and over his head so they could be chained to the top of his bed. Now his limp cock hung down over his face. Two of the nurses began pressing down on his contorted body to bring his cock closer and closer to his mouth. He kept his lips pursed, much to the irritation of the senior nurse. She stared down at him and spoke.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" You will open your mouth and start sucking that miserable cock of yours until it gets nice and hard. Then you're going to suck it until it shoots a big load of that salty stuff into your mouth. You will then swish it around and even gargle with it .Then you'll open your mouth so we can get a good look at it before you swallow it down, smack your lips and ask for more. You disobey me and I'll shove a handful of cloves up your candy ass and follow it with a piss enema that will make your belly bloat. If that's not enough I'll pump some of your recycled piss back up into your bladder until even a gentle breeze on that bulging bag of piss will be enough to make you puke from the pain. Now, what's it going to be? "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As Lucy and her guide left the patient's room, he was energetically sucking his cock while nurse Faucett finger fucked his tight asshole and ran her tongue over his scrotum. Natrally the video camera was taping every second of his total humiliation. What made matters worse was the tape would be sent to Clarrisa who by now enjoyed watching them with her new found friend who had the most marvelous tongue.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To&nbsp; be continued - jethro jodhpur )











 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taming Billy - Chapter 26





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The relationship between Lucy and Irene grew by leaps and bounds as Billy made a slow but steady recovery from his various injuries. It became necessary for him to be sedated most of the day, and at night to make sure that he didn't reinjure himself by some unexpected movement, he was strapped into a strait jacket and his legs were spread and secured to the bottom of his bed. For some strange reason, it was decided that he be naked except for the jacket. Perhaps the staff was so accustomed to dealing with patients who required restraint and to be available for all sorts of "treatments", they just assumed that the stud muffin should be handled the same way.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lucy, having very little to do to help her grandson, was now spending much of her day with Irene. It was a delightful routine, sex before breakfast, then a lengthy shower, breakfast, and more sex after breakfast. The sex just kept getting better and better as they learned more and more about each other's hot spots. Being a nurse gave Irene a distinct advantage, but Lucy had plenty of experience that almost balanced matters. When they were resting up between bouts of hot sex they talked about their previous lives, then got down to the more serious business of their current situation.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was early in the afternoon on day seven and Irene had been licking and sucking Lucy's asshole without stopping for nearly an hour. Her companion had&nbsp; promised to suck her toes and lick the soles of her feet in return for this outstanding servicing. Lucy could not believe how hot she became when Irene's tongue&nbsp; began homing in on her chocolate starfish as Kim had once described it. She was beginning to fall in love with this taciturn woman who seemed to be two people, one an incredible sex partner, the other a no-nonsense medical professional. She was beginning to feel guilty about poor Adele, who had only heard from her once since she arrived at the hospital. Irene knew something was up by the way Lucy's body was slowly stiffening. One thing led to another and the two of them were now locked in an embrace, their tongues melding into one sexy lump of pink flesh. Lucy suddenly broke down and started to cry softly, causing Irene to freeze.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It all came out quickly, Lucy's guilt feelings about betraying her roommate, Adele Larson, and her growing feelings for Irene. To compound the problem she still was responsible for Billy. The youth still had a long way to go before he would be considered tame enough to let him back into the house with Tracy. It all made sense to Irene, but she wasn't going to let Lucy go without a struggle. She joked about keeping Billy hostage at the hospital to guarantee that Lucy could stay here with her. Lucy responded to this by jokingly suggesting that Adele move in with her and Irene and become their love slave, which she most certainly would enjoy. Irene nodded her head, having already heard enough from Lucy about this woman to know that she was quite submissive and showed extremely strong lesbian tendencies. That might work, but the situation with Billy stymied her. The prospect of having to deal with an oversexed, male teenager was unacceptable to her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For now, the storm clouds parted and things got back to normal, since everything was out in the open. The very next day Billy had his first erection since the terrible incident at principal Rigg's home. Irene was behind it as Lucy quickly discovered. She had arranged for nurse Faucett to give Billy a sponge bath after his breakfast. The regular nurse, a hardened veteran had already hand fed the stud muffin and allowed him to pee into the bedpan, still securely restrained in his strait jacket. In this hospital there were sponge baths and there were "sponge baths". The former were perfunctory at best, the latter were rewards. When the big bosomed blonde unzipped her uniform and stepped from it to display her awesome body covered by only a thong and shelf bra, she got Billy's undivided attention.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Although Billy had a thing for his granny and other more seasoned members of the opposite sex, the sight of this goddess created a very positive reaction on his part. He got major league wood and she smiled at this sign that he was returning to normal. She was very careful to avoid too much pressure on his hard cock, teasing him by gently moving the soapy sponge up and down his throbbing rod of flesh and smiling broadly. Nurse Faucett couldn't resist teasing the teen with her awesome 38Ds. First she put some babyoil on those beauties and then she slipped them around his rock-hard joint and began sliding those fun bags up and down his dick. It didn't take long for the first salvo of boiling sperm to arc into the air and land on her bare body. She rubbed the cum into her skin and gave him her biggest smile as she promised to see him later if he was interested. His head nearly fell off his neck from the way he nodded.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Meanwhile his granny and nurse Lancer were at her place doing a two hour sixty-nine with all the trimmings. Lucy managed to have three orgasms, something that never happened when she and Adele went at it. Irene however had put her to shame, getting off so often that they both lost count. There were two small wet spots on the sheets by the time they took a break. When Lucy started to suck the one created by Irene, her bed partner reciprocated. They giggled like school girls once they tired of sucking lady-cum from the sheets. Irene announced that the mattress was probably soaked as well, and suggested they consider napping on fresh sheets laid down over the carpet. The nap got delayed for another sixty-nine; this one lasting less than an hour, but leaving wet spots on the fresh sheets as well. Irene laughed and joked that perhaps she should spank Lucy for doing&nbsp; more damage to her linen. That got Lucy all juicy again, and the next thing she knew, she was bent over the bed taking ten of the best from Irene, followed by some serious tongue action. The smell of her pussy juice got Irene in the mood for more of the same and they returned to the original sheets for still another round of fun and games.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At the hospital, word had gotten round that the teen stud muffin was recovering nicely and would probably be available for certain activities by the next day. The older nurses were the ones who tried to sign up for his room, but his nurse stonewalled them, stating that he was going to take care of her needs before any of them. Naturally nurse Faucett was already penciled in for later today, and she had invited one of her good friends, another young, hot-looking nurse to join her in welcoming Billy back to complete health. Despite the moritorium on other nurses participating in his recovery, a number of them just happened to be in the area when the two sex bombs welcomed Billy back to the wonderful word of hot sex. One fed him either pussy or tit while the other sucked him to a frothy finish. Then after a few minutes rest they resumed their efforts and in a matter of ten minutes he delivered another load of boiling cum that coated the tits of nurse Faucett. His hard-on remained, as he watched the other nurse lick every drop of his cum from nurse Faucett's magnificent mounds.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;His audience of sex crazed nurses quickly spread the word that the teen stud muffin was well on the way to recovery. From now until his discharge, Billy would be in great demand. The youth was also about to develop another relationship with an older woman, his doctor. Dr. Helene Graves had up until now handled his case like any other, prescribing antibiotics, pain killers and sedatives while occasionally checking his vital signs as he slowly recovered. It is doubtful they exchanged more than a few words in all that time. She was tall, thin and in her late forties. No one would describe her as gregarious, but she was quite competent despite the fact she kept to herself.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The good doctor had an awful secret that had affected her life for the last thirty plus years. She grew up in a large male dominated family. When she turned thirteen, her father and then four of her older brothers began to use her regularly for sex. For the three years prior to this personality scarring event, her mother had performed this duty by herself, taking on her male masters daily, no matter how tired or sick she happened to be at the time. At thirteen Helene was painfully thin, had no hips or pubic hair and lacked anything resembling tits. To her brothers, she was fresh meat and they weren't too particular as long as she was available. The fact that she was still relatively immature saved her from numerous pregnancies for the first few years of her sexual servitude.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;However the law of averages caught up with her after more than two years of having unprotected sex daily with anywhere from three to five males, often more than once. She recalls the weekend sex orgy featuring her and her mother, who by now resembled a skeleton. They had begun skewering the two females that Friday evening and continued unabated through the entire weekend. The two of them were kept awake with uppers and handcuffed the entire time. Helene was certain that she became pregnant from the initial rapes that took place on Friday night when all the males were at their maximum potency. By late Saturday the males spent much of the time forcing Helene and her mother to have sex with each other.However on Sunday they resumed brutally raping both females until her mother passed out from exhaustion, leaving Helene to satisfy five studs for the rest of the day and well into the evening.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The next month she missed her period. Now the men seemed to go out of their way to rape her even more often and with much more enthusiasm. They began drawing lots to see who got to sleep with her every night and on the weekend she spent nearly the entire time on her back, legs spread wide as they drove their hard cocks into her until she was so sore she passed out from the pain. That was probably what induced her first miscarriage, but it was not to be her last. By the time she was eighteen, Helene had aborted three more times; the last one left her permanently sterile, much to her relief. Somehow she retained her sanity and moved out from this house of horrors and made her way in the world, finally becoming a doctor. She learned of her mother's passing a few years after she had left home, but there was nothing she could do concerning that matter.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That very night Dr.Graves was working overtime making sure that the fourteen-year-old twin boys were properly restrained so that she could use the penis pumping equipment on their almost perpetually erect sex organs. She definitely wanted them to be flaccid when their stepmother visited tomorrow. They had already taken a number of very large enemas composed of various concoctions that she knew would sap their strength as they tried to cope with the enormous pressure they put on their bowels. Later this evening the nurse on duty would pump ice water into their bellies which would further drain their bodies of heat and weaken them further. The doctor had spent nearly two hours watching the machines pump load after load of cum from their churning testicles, collecting the fluid in the large reservoir for later use. The twins had developed an aversion to the taste of their own cum and so forcing them to ingest large quantities had proved to be a way to enervate them for a time. This procedure would be carried out just before their visitor arrived to view them.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Satisfied that her work was done, she left for home. However on her way out she passed the room where the young stud muffin was kept, still in a strait jacket and restrained. She heard a strange noise and carefully opened the door to see what was happening. To her astonishment a gray haired woman was kneeling beside the youth's bed, sucking his cock with practiced skill. As she watched, the patient groaned and filled her mouth with his offering. She almost fled the scene, but something made her stay to see what woud happen next. The woman stood up and Dr. Graves could now see that except for a pair of panties, she was naked. The panties were soon removed and the woman carefully mounted the youth and ordered him to start eating her pussy. The doctor was now accustomed to the low light level and could clearly see that he was still sporting an impressive erection, most impressive since he had just had an ejaculation. She felt her crotch becoming damp, but still she watched the action that was taking place.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued - jethro jodhpur )&nbsp; 









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taming Billy - Chapter 27





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That night Helene Graves masturbated for the first time in nearly six months. All she could think of was that stiff cock jutting up from the youth's groin as the old woman ground her dripping pussy up and down on his face, crooning and urging him to give her more tongue and kiss her clit so she could get off. She had stayed, transfixed until the old woman shuddered and began beating the youth's face with her cunt as she had a lengthy and quite violent orgasm. All she could think about on her way home was the need to relieve the tension that had built up as she witnessed the erotic play between the old woman and the teenager.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her first orgasm came abruptly and made her body quiver from head to toes. She withdrew her cum soaked fingers and sucked them clean before returning to her fat clit for more stimulation. As she began to coax it to grow even larger and firmer this time, she had quick flashes of her earlier life as the sex slave to the males in her family. Despite the degradation associated with the constant raping she endured, there were these brief moments of unbelievable joy as one of those big cocks accidentally found a sensitive spot and gave her a momentary jolt of guilty pleasure.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Witnessing what appeared to be the total domination of her patient by a woman almost fifty years his senior had tripped something that she had hidden away even from herself. Why couldn't that hard cock be hers to control and use for her pleasure? After all in this hospital she had great leeway in most cases. She could pick and choose her patients in many situations. Rarely did she choose males; the twins were an exception foisted upon her by the importance of the client who had tremendous influence as a member of the hospital's Board of Directors. The badly injured youth, now recovering perhaps too quickly for his own good, was another case foisted upon her. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her throbbing clitoris, now almost twice normal size, took over her full attention. This was one of those times when she wished she was flexible enough to actually lick and suck that lump of pulsating sex flesh and create another monster orgasm. Instead she had to manipulate that organ of lust and pleasure manually and squeeze another orgasm from it, no matter how long it took. By the time she finished stroking that hot button, it had been one of those rare times, a three orgasm night that had left her exhausted and to her dismay, still tense. As she drifted off to a troubled sleep, she vowed to look into the matter of the youth more carefully.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Helene awoke long before her alarm, still groggy from a troubled sleep which had her relive some of the more humiliating experiences she endured as the family's sex slave. Up from her memory came the time&nbsp; two of her brothers made a human sandwich of her while the other two watched and grinned as those big cocks stretched her sore, well fucked pussy and loosened her pain wracked asshole as she screamed and begged for mercy, getting none. Worse yet, when they finished raping her, the other two took a turn as well, making her bleed from the rectum for days afterward. The next evening her father gave her one of the worst spankings she ever had, because her asshole was not available for his needs.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dr. Graves arrived two hours before her shift was scheduled to begin. She headed straight for the room housing Billy and managed to catch three nurses in the act as they abused the youth. All were senior nurses, none younger than forty years old. She recognized the head nurse for this shift, even though she was naked except for her bra and facing away from the door through which the doctor was viewing the action. She was straddling the youth's face and grinding her hairy cunt over his face for a time before slamming it against his mouth and ordering him to eat her out like a good boy or she'd have his nuts squeezed until his eyes popped from his head.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Helene had a much better view of what was taking place at his groin. One of the nurses was stark naked, the other still wore her panties. They were tag-teaming his stiff cock, taking turns sucking and jacking it, but being very careful not to bring him off. One of the nurses had evidence on her tits that indicated he had just recently ejaculated, his cum was glistening, a sure sign that it had been deposited there no more than a few minutes ago. Then she noticed another trail of dried cum running up from his groin. She was unable to see where it ended because the nurse making him eat her pussy was blocking his chest from view. Without giving it any thought, she reached under her uniform and began rubbing her cunt, which was alredy beginning to soak her white cotton panties, the type she always wore.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The viewing got hot and heavy as first the overweight nurse sitting on his face got off with a roar that nearly scared the pee out of the doctor who had almost fallen into a trance as she shamelessly masturbated and watched the assault on her patient. While she wiggled back into her clothing, her two nurses worked diligently to make the youth deliver one more load before they'd let him sleep. Now they took turns tit-fucking him, smiling as his cock tunneled mindlessly between their sweat soaked tits. Then to vary the action they took turns, one jacking him into the other's mouth, and then they would switch to always have a strong arm working tirelessly on his badly swollen, but rock-hard dick. Finally Billy delivered another load of watery cum that looked to the doctor like it was completed depleted of sperm, another indicator that he had been kept very busy for most of the night. Almost at the same time he was unloading, the doctor was soaking her cotton panties with her first spendings of the day, a wonderful orgasm that seemed to be a gift from the heavens. Now she was ready to become more forceful and put her own plan into action.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That night Lucy had decided to stay with Irene who promised her plenty of hot sex in exchange for her companionship. The nurse was aware that soon the grandson would be well enough to leave the hospital, and with that, their little affair would likely end as well. She realized she was being greedy, but she didn't care at that juncture. She had exhausted the older woman with tongue, fingers, lips and a vibrator she used as a pleasant surprise. Lucy could not get enough of that buzzing tool and so she was given orgasm after orgasm until she literally passed out from too much of a good thing. So while she slept in the arms of her lover, poor Billy was ground down to the nub by an army of succubi disguised as nurses, who feasted on his cum.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By the time Lucy reached the hospital, Dr. Graves had already arranged for Billy to be transferred to a special area of the hospital reserved for patients who required isolation and intensive care. Two lesbian nurses were given responsibility for Billy's care. No one was to be allowed to visit him without written permission from Dr. Graves, and those allowed to see him had to be observed by one of her nurses at all times. All this was accomplished once the hospital adminstrator had been made aware of the behavior of the nurses working the night shift. Dr. Graves was very careful not to accuse any of them by name, but she did let the offenders know that she knew, but had not reported them by name. This led to an undercurrent of animosity towards her and unfortunately her patient.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The doctor went over Billy very carefully. He was once more back in the strait jacket, this time gagged as well with her pussy juice soaked cotton panties. His legs were spread wide and manacled to the corners of the large bed. An air cushion was used to elevate his hips and allow her access to his anal region. She spent almost an hour examining his genitals, checking them for responsiveness, they were all of that, and any damage from the rough handling they had experienced last night. She found some teeth marks on his penis and his testicles were sore to the touch, probably from too many ejaculations and plenty of squeezing. The doctor sprayed his swollen testicles and penis with a numbing chemical and ordered that it be used every four hours until further notice.&nbsp; She instructed the nurse on duty to catheterize the patient and use a clip to control his ability to rid his bladder of urine. This done, she left to witness the meeting of the twins with their stepmother, which was about to take place.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The twin terrors as they were known upon their admission had decidedly changed thanks to the techniques employed by Dr. Graves. Almost constant stimulation of their sex organs had finally worn them down to the point that even the sight of a young, well built, naked nurse barely registered on their tired cocks. The woman was delighted to see that their appendages, as she called them, were limp as dish rags, and remained that way even when they were sucked, jacked or forced to tunnel between the bare breasts of an extremely well endowed nurse. Secretly the good doctor was jealous of the physical attributes that were shown&nbsp; by the young nurse. When another nurse taped the wires to their testicles, the boys began to blubber and beg, much to the delight of the client. Dr. Graves kept a straight face, but beneath her calm exterior she was a mass of boiling lust, desperate to get to a private place so she could rub herself off and lick all that pussy juice that she knew would be coating her fingers. When the nurse threw the switch and the twins grew rigid from the surge of electricity that flowed through their family jewels, both the client and doctor came very close to an orgasm. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The finale was a grand success. First the twins were given gigantic ice water enemas that made their scrotums shrink to the size of pigeon eggs, and their prongs reduced to a pair of small, fleshy lumps. Butt plugs were used to force them to retain the avalanche of frigid water that was seeking any open space in their bodies. Then their catheters were attached to each other's mouths and opened. Their bloated bladders were filled to the bursting point and the yellow-orange urine flowed into their mouths and was swallowed to add to their misery. When Helene casually mentioned these treatments were given daily to the twins, the woman's eyes glittered and she pumped her fist in triumph. Dr.Graves' day had gone from good to great and there was still plentyof fun to be had with Billy once he adjusted to his new surroundings.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On the way back to see her star patient, she took a detour into the ladies room, found her favorite stall and proceeded to flog her hot button like there was no tomorrow. She induced a massive, mind-blowing orgasm, the likes of which she never had experienced previously. It took her a few minutes to recover her equilibrium and assume the persona of the calm, detached physician. In all honesty,she was like a teenager going out on her first serious date, something she never had the pleasure of experiencing. Billy was about to meet his match and then some. As a matter of fact, so was his granny. Dr. Graves had plans for both of them, and she could hardly wait to put them into motion.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The room where Billy was being kept had a few features that were unique when compared to the standard hospital private rooms. There was much more privacy for the doctor and patient. There was a peephole that the nurses could use, except when the doctor was inside, allowing the physician to prevent the peephole from opening. The same situation was in place as far as anyone entering. Only the doctor was allowed to use the deadbolt when inside with the patient. Thus no one could interfere with whatever was going on between the doctor and patient. In her more than five years on the staff, Dr. Graves had only used this type of room perhaps three weeks total. That was about to change dramatically if she had her way.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She arranged to have a private meeting with the youth's grandmother, or so she claimed to be. It was her intention to prevent Lucy from seeing the boy unless she was also in the room. Lucy would be told in no uncertain terms that any sexual interaction between her and Billy was forbidden by hospital rules and would be strictly enforced. In addition Dr. Graves would threaten to go to the authorities and report that she had witnessed the woman sexually abusing a minor. This was not tolerated in this area of the state and Lucy could find herself in prison for many years if she persisted in this depraved behavior with her grandson. Once this issue was settled, then Helene could devote all her energies to taming this out of control, sex-charged teen, who without even trying, was exciting her the way no man had ever done.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued - jethro jodhpur ) 









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taming Billy - Chapter 28



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One of the nurses assigned to Billy was just leaving the room as Dr. Graves arrived. She informed the doctor that his bladder was becoming distended. Helen's eyebrows arched, but the nurse stood her ground and gave the physician a small smile. Evidently this lesbian had issues with men or in this case, stud muffins like Billy. She made a mental note to look into this matter in more detail once she finished her own examination of her patient. She wondered how he'd react to her immaculate pudendum, kept this way by the ministrations of two Korean ladies who seemed to thoroughly enjoy stripping the hair and some skin from her pubic mound about every three weeks. She hated to admit it, but she often had sick, sexual fantasies involving her and the two Asians, who would do all sorts of nice and nasty things to her genitals with their knowing tongues, lips and those marvelous acupuncture needles. The two had been raised by Chinese and had picked up the art as part of their upbringing.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The patient was wide awake and obviously from the way his eyes were moving, in some difficulty. She guessed it had something to do with his full bladder. She gently poked it and his eyes got really big. Already he was at her mercy and she was determined to make the most of it. Leaning down, she licked his face with her long, pink tongue and smiled knowingly at his discomfort. She began unbuttoning her blouse to expose her white lacy bra, a 32A that fit her perfectly. She guessed he was used to women with much bigger breasts, but he'd learn to love these, of that she was certain. Out they came, the nipples hard and deep pink. Leaning forward, she let them brush against his sweaty face. She wondered if she dare remove his gag, then corrected herself, since the room was also soundproofed for just such eventualities.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Helene continued her strip tease, turning her back to remove her skirt, since her fragrant panties were currently stuffed in his mouth. She looked over her shoulder and saw his eyes glued to her garter belt outlined ass. The fact that he looked interested in her nearly naked body sexually excited her, even though his benumbed penis was unable to develop an erection. She took a deep breath and turned around to let him see her bikini-waxed pubic mound. He certainly looked interested to her. She placed her hands on her hips and wiggled her body slowly to see if his eyes followed her movements. Indeed they did, she was ecstatic! She moved closer to the bed and reached down to fondle his genitals, even though they were devoid of feeling. Once again his eyes told her of his growing interest. Helene decided to keep her garter belt on, since it seemed to excite him somewhat. She kicked off her shoes and climbed into his bed, straddling his strait jacketed chest. She brought her vulva to within inches of his gagged mouth and started talking to him.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"This must be pleasured regularly for as long as I deem necessary. Failure to properly service my needs will result in severe punishment. You will become intimately familiar with every nook and cranny of this creation. No other female will have access to you but me. I am going to speak to that old woman who I saw defiling you the other evening and inform her that unless she agrees to stopping all contact with you, I will go to the authorities and have her arrested as a "child" molester. For the next few weeks you will be isolated in this room and only the two lesbian nurses will have access to you. One has already expressed her strong dislike for you. Obey her as you would me or she will make your existence a painful one when I am not here to protect you. Now I'm going to remove my panties from your mouth so you can begin worshipping this perfect embodiment of feminine power."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Billy was no fool; this strange woman held all the cards and unless he was into pain and suffering, he had better do whatever she wanted done. He had to piss really badly, but he kept his mouth shut on that topic, since she obviously knew he was hurting. To him, pussy was pussy, and this one was smooth as a baby's behind, but otherwise it was just another pussy that needed loving from him. He was absolutely confident he could satisfy this skinny babe who looked to be in her early forties. He'd have no trouble getting it up for her after handling such heavyweights as the von Dortmans. Besides eating pussy woud probably take his mind off his overflowing bladder.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She carefully removed her well chewed panties from his mouth and watched as he moved his jaw back and forth and tried to generate enough saliva to make his mouth and tongue feel normal. Helene wondered when he'd comment about the lack of feeling in his penis and testicles. She didn't have long to wait. Billy's face became downcast when he learned that his family jewels would be out of action for at least a couple of days thanks to the over enthusiastic attention they had received from the army of nurses that visited him last evening. He did give quiet thanks that there was nothing seriously wrong with his cock and balls. He knew all the lessons he'd been given over the last year or so had made him into a champion pussy eater, but he needed his little man and those churning balls to seal any deal when it came to really satisfying most babes, especially the older ones that he really enjoyed doing.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Billy started out with a frontal or was it a cuntal assault? He caught her a slight bit off guard and made the most of his small advantage. She was soaking wet, juicy to the max; this one would be real easy to handle, or so he thought. While his tongue started lapping up all that cunt cream, and it was substantial, his nose was snuffling around for that hot button she like all women had hidden away until it too got excited and joined the fun. It was then that he felt her hands grabbing his ears and taking command. She used his ears like reins and moved him around to her sweet spots so he could learn where they were. He was making good progress when the first warning sign of an impending orgasm signaled itself to Dr. Graves' brain. Billy also knew the signs and he took full advantage of her loss of focus. His tongue went into turbo mood and his teeth clamped down on her fat clitoris which had come out to play. That was all it took to make her go over the cliff and start that long fall into the abyss. "Score one for Billy," he thought.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The teenager continued to lick the doctor's pussy lips and suck on her swollen clit while she took her time coming back from wherever he had sent her. Her eyes lids fluttered and she shifted her body so that his nose was buried deep between her swollen cunt lips. She patted his head like he was a dog who had just done a trick. Then she carefully removed her wet cunt from his glistening face, and gave a deep sigh. She hopped off the bed and began dressing, leaving Billy to wonder if she would let him pee before she left. Instead she crammed her sodden panties back into his mouth and sealed&nbsp; it shut with surgical tape. Billy groaned inwardly and cursed himself for not speaking up about his aching bladder. She blew him a kiss and left him to suffer. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After what seemed like an eternity, the other nurse arrived and allowed him to empty his distended bladder, stating for his information that the doctor wanted him to become somewhat dehydrated in order that he be more easy to handle. He would receive neither food nor water until she was satisfied that he could be controlled with a minimum of exertion on their part. Then she reached down and began to manipulate his benumbed cock. It failed to respond and she chuckled.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "Guess the good doctor didn't use your little weiner to get herself off. I sure wish she'd face up the fact that she's made for the lesbian life, and I'd be so happy to be her guide and one of her bedmates as well.&nbsp; Did she tell you about life in college, medical school and interning? It sure made me hot to listen to all the insane sex she had in those days. She did anyone who wanted her, men, women;&nbsp; it didn't matter who she bedded down with in those days. She claims she fucked her way into the medical profession, and then gave up sex entirely. Old habits are so hard to break however, and I guess her juices started to flow again. My roommate Connie says all she needs is a good raping by a couple of girls who know what they're doing."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The subject of their discussion was making her rounds, checking on her patients. The twins looked exhausted from their little visit from their stepmother. The administrator had allowed the client to use some of the equipment that kept the teens under control. She had a grand time pumping their stomachs full of water and then beating their bloated bellies with a rubber hose to make them spew the water from their mouths and nostrils until they passed out. She personally adminstered some of the special enemas used by the nurses to keep them under their thumb. To keep the young rascals calmed down, there was nothing like loading them up to the point that they felt as if their lower intestines were about to explode. However, her favorite was the penis pumps that sucked the twins dry and then kept pumping while they begged for mercy from the terrible pain associated with what the nurses called a dry cum hole. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To make sure they knew who was in charge of their fates, Dr. Graves ordered that they be given large quantities of water laced with diuretics and their urethras blocked with specially designed sounds that had caps that could be embedded into the supersensitive heads of their cocks. They would remain&nbsp; this way until the urine filling their bladders to the bursting point began to back up into their kidneys, causing excruciating pain. If done often enough, permanent damage to their kidneys was a very definite possibility.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She swiftly moved to her other patients, all females. Each of them had sexual problems of varying degrees. The most serious challenge came from her youngest patient, a fourteen-year-old girl who had recently begun to seduce her older brothers, threatening to claim rape if they refused her overtures. Unfortunately they were too smart for her and managed to convince their parents of the truth of their claims. After a number of unsuccessful attempts to cure her of this strange malady, they had her committed to this very special and extremely private hospital.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Today Karen had been transferred downstairs to the mechanical stimulation section. This was her&nbsp; second visit this week, and she was really in for it. Helene smiled knowingly as soon as she entered the large room and saw that they were using the Mark 14 on the naked girl. Known to the operators as the Mechanical Man, this machine was the top of the line. At the moment the elliptical was operating just below the red zone and from the looks of the girl's puffy, raw pussy one of the larger heads was attached to the rod. Dr. Graves quickly checked the logbook and her eyebrows went up when she saw how long the machine had been scheduled for her patient. The head tech grinned and nodded her head, indicating that her patient was going to get the full treatment, something rarely experienced by other females. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Hope she survives; you know how much I hate paperwork." 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Helene's comment brought laughter from the team supporting the girl's "therapy". To be getting an eight inch throw that guaranteed the nearly three inch diameter head would be plowing right up against the teen's cervix forty times per minute for one hour steady was about as good as it got. She had heard rumors that one particularly annoying patient in her late thirties had once taken it for two hours at fifty strokes per minute, just before being released to her husband. He had planned to ship her to the Far East to work in a rough trade brothel where an "entertainer's" life expectancy was measured in months. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Satisfied that all was going well, she signed the logbook and left to see her other patients. Her last view of Karen showed her face stretched in agony, eyes wide, but staring off into space, drool escaping from the gag that stiffled most of her screams, and her naked body quivering like a bow pulled to its limit. Today was going to be a very satisfying day based on how things had gone so far. She was already thinking about Billy and what nasty and naughty things she would make him do for her at the next "therapy" session. 





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued - jethro jodphur )









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taming Billy - Chapter 29





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The meeting with Lucy went as expected. The older woman rejected out of hand the decision of Dr. Graves that Billy was to be isolated from her until she decided he was ready for discharge. Lucy backed down rather quickly when the physician threatened to have her arrested for child endangerment, corruption of a minor and incest. To make sure that Lucy would cause no problems for the hospital, she was going to call principal Riggs the very next day to inform her of the behavior exhibited by Billy's grandmother, who seemed to spend more time shacking up with one of the nurses, than providing any moral support for the youth. This distressing situation now out of the way, Helene made a beeline for Billy's room, eager as a schoolgirl to get some more of that great tongue he had demonstrated earlier today.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her timing was terrible; one of Billy's nurses was with the teen, and it was obvious from his pale face and sweating body that she had been doing something to him that wasn't listed on his chart or her instructions. She looked up at Dr. Graves and smirked, her hand coming off his rigid cock. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It seems our little stud muffin is already developing an immunity to the spray. I was just checking out his vital signs and noticed this incipient erection. As you can plainly see, it didn't take much to have him hard as steel. I was just getting ready to milk the little devil; would you care to do the honors instead?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now it was Helene's turn to demonstrate her authority and power, something she rarely did. She reached down and flicked her finger against his straining erection. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"This will never do! Bring me a cockring and something to use on his balls as well. I want this disobedient patient to know that I'm in charge, not his cock. He's about to learn a very valuable and most painful lesson about how things are done in this hospital." 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her response took the nurse totally by surprise and she quickly turned and left the room without a comment. While she was gone, Dr. Graves teased his bloated bladder until the teen's eyes watered, whispering that he'd have to be a very good boy or else she was going to leave him like this until the next change of shifts, some four hours later. Billy nodded over and over, bringing a smile to her lips.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The nurse screwed the cockring down until Billy's eyes nearly popped from their sockets. She then noosed his churning testicles until he had no feeling in them. Even running her fingernails across the swollen scrotum and squeezing those bloated eggs failed to yield any response. He was effectively neutered, and she had to admit the doctor had shown her a thing or two today. Helene busied herself with the charts and suggested that the nurse leave since she planned to be here for at least an hour before going home. The nurse gave her a knowing grin with a high sign and took her leave.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Minutes later Dr. Graves was down to her garter belt and approaching the bed where Billy waited, helpless to stop her from doing anything she wanted to his bound body. First she pulled her sodden panties from his mouth and replaced it with her wet, pink tongue, not even noticing the taste of urine as she worked her flickering lump of flesh deep, then withdrew it so she could suck his tongue. Billy offered no resistance, so she straddled his body and planted her shaved vulva against his mouth and urged him to begin pleasuring her.

She offered no resistance as he worked away on her fat clit and sucked her pussy lips until they were swollen with fresh blood. His teeth captured her throbbing hot button and worried it like a dog with some small animal. Then he began sucking and popping that fat lump of stiff sex flesh, making it grow to the point that it wouldn't fit beneath its protective hood. He bit down on it with some authority and she went off like a bomb, her entire body quivering as a monster orgasm rumbled through her thin frame. For the moment Billy was in total command of the physician.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Helene proved to be very demanding. She had built up quite a head of steam and Billy was hard pressed to satisfy her.&nbsp; He went into turbo mode and got her off a second time. Soon she was mounting him with a demand for another round of tongue. Unfortunately for the stud muffin, everytime he got her off he just added to her demands for an even better orgasm the next time. Orgasm three turned into orgasm four and now Billy was getting tired and his lips and tongue were actually sore from all the work they'd been doing on her pussy, both outside and then inside as well. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Then suddenly she switched to having her nipples sucked. Back and forth from side to side Billy went, keeping those pointy nips rock solid. This soon changed to something a lot more demanding, licking her asshole. First he licked it, then he sucked it. She moaned, she groaned, her butthole opened and shut like a flower responding to sunlight and darkness. Finally she had him insert his stiff tongue into her asshole and keep it steady as she moved her skinny body up and down a few inches at a time, forcing him to tongue fuck&nbsp; her asshole, something he did rarely. From there she went back to sitting on his face and making him tongue her until she had one more explosion that left her limp.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She checked on the condition of his distended bladder, ready to explode the next time one of the nurses put her heavy hand on it and pushed while she laughed at his agony. The numerous orgasms had left her vulva and inner thighs coated with dried cunt cream, strong evidence that he had indeed delivered the goods as she had directed. Helene used the gag and some water to clean herself up enough to avoid leaving a scent that would reveal the hanky-panky that had taken place here. The way the teenager was staring at her indicated that he was suffering and hoped that she'd show him some mercy. The doctor was aware that the cockring and scrotum attachment were reducing the blood supply to those important areas by at least eighty percent. They might be numb, but damage was being done even as she pulled on her clothing.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On a whim, just before she pulled on the top to her uniform, she offered her armpits to Billy, one at a time. He went after those stubbled, sweaty regions as if they were food; it got her so hot and bothered she almost remounted the stud muffin for another lickathon. It was then that she decided to make him an interesting offer. Once he had finished sucking up everything he could remove from her armpits, he sighed and moaned. He was in a world of pain and very frightened at what might happen to his family jewels as well. She leaned forward and stuck the tip of her tongue into his ear. His eyes popped from the sensation that action had created. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Then she giggled and whispered that if he promised to drink every drop of urine that she drained from his bloated, aching reservoir, she would give him relief. Billy quickly agreed and she delivered, opening the catheter to let the yellow-orange fluid fill a graduated cyclinder to half a liter, which represented about ninety percent of his holding capacity. She held the glass to his lips and watched bemused as he gulped down the salty, foul-tasting liquid. Once that was accomplished she fixed her uniform, closed the clip on the catheter and made an entry on his chart instructing the nurse to remove his cockring and scrotum attachment for one hour and then reattach them for the remainder of the night. She decided it would be wise to continue the spraying of his penis and so she continued that procedure as well. The doctor imagined what might happen if they tried to use the teen's numbed sex organ to satisfy themselves. They might get some enjoyment from it, but not him. Finally she stuffed the wet panties back into his mouth, pressed her lips to her index finger and pressed that against his lips before turning out the light and departing.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lucy was inconsolable, despite the best efforts of Irene to get her focused on something else. No warm shower, no intimate kisses to her private spots and no amount of hot tongue could bring her from the funk Dr. Graves had caused in her. The senior nurse decided to take matters into her own hands and made some phone calls to nurses who owed her favors. They in turn tried to put pressure on the two taking care of Billy. The lesbian nurses refused to budge on the matter of allowing access to Billy; it was forbidden and that was that. However these attempts got back to Helene and there was hell to pay. She wasted no time having a one on one discussion with Irene Lancer and telling her in no uncertain terms that any attempt on her part to supercede her instructions would be cause for suspension or dismissal.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Within a couple of days poor Lucy threw in the towel when it came to her relationship with Irene.&nbsp; After a tearful farewell that included a few hours of passionate but hopeless sixty-nine for the memory of their former relationship and more tears about what might have been, Lucy drove back to reunite with Adele Larson. Her roommate and lover had been frantic that perhaps their thing had come undone. Lucy wasn't through the door for ten minutes before Adele was leading her into the bedroom for a welcome back session that lasted all afternoon and well into the night. When they weren't locked in ardent sixty-nines that lasted for up to an hour and a half, they cavorted in the shower like little children, playing grabass and other naughty games while the warm water washed the pussy juice from their bodies, freshening them for another coating of the same. There was lots of dildo and vibrator action, playful tongues, lips and fingers, and an occasional fist to spice things up even more as they swapped ardent promises to stay together forever.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;During that same period Dr. Graves was becoming more and more enamored of her teenage patient. She was spending hours each day and even more time after her shift was over to tease and torment Billy. The youth was growing quite weak from the lack of sustenance and the drugs she was prescribing for him. His tongue continued to pleasure her to orgasm after orgasm, an amazing feat considering his weakened condition. Helene on the other hand used much of her time with the stud muffin to unburden herself of all the terrible things that befell her as she went from child to doctor. To Billy her stories were unbelievable when he compared her youth to what he had experienced up until now.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He listened and tried to eat her pussy at the same time as she told him of being raped nightly by her father once she turned thirteen, often while her mother looked on and smiled happily because that was one less cock she had to service in this house of horrors. He heard her stories of watching her mother taking on two and sometimes three of her older brothers at the same time, while she was forced to suck off the youngest, who was only a year or so older than she. By the time she was fourteen, her duties had been expanded to the oldest brother as well as her father. Now this new cock was plowing out her tight, immature cunt during the day while her father's huge prong finished the job at night. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At fifteen she was handling all but the youngest brother who still had a mother fixation. She was now being raped anywhere from four to ten times daily, as she began to fill out, developing hips, pubic hair and breasts that looked like crab apples at first, but grew to plum size by the time she was eighteen. By then she was making plans to leave home for college, thanks to winning a scholarship that she concealed from her parents. Despite three abortions that left her sterile, she was still able to engage in sexual intercourse, her specialty, and it was this well developed talent that she used to take care of the incidental expenses that the scholarship didn't cover.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The first abortion took place when she turned fifteen and was overwhelmed by the amount of cock she was taking daily. The second happened less than a year later and the final one months before she turned eighteen. After each of the first two abortions the men of the family would switch to either using her anus or condoms, but within a few months they'd all be riding her bareback again. When the doctor announced she would be unable to conceive, everyone except Helene was delighted. According to her calculations, in the five plus years she spent as the sex slave of the men in her family, she was fucked somewhere between fourteen and fifteen thousand times! Billy couldn't begin to comprehend how long it might take him to screw that number of times, but being young and possessing at best average intelligence, he knew it might take more years than he had to reach that kind of a number.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By day three Dr. Graves practically lived in Billy's room, scandalizing the two lesbian nurses. They were so unhappy about her less than professional behavior that they considered going to the adminstrator of the hospital with their story. Cooler heads prevailed and prevented them from making a career shortening decision. However there was a move afoot to show the good doctor the error of her ways. The plan involved kidnapping and reprogramming her the hard way, with plenty of good old fashion fisting and dildo action, plus some dog loving if it came to that. That too fizzled once people realized the consequences of their actions if the physician refused to buckle under to their demands.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On the evening of day three, Helene promised Billy that she was going to let him try out his fully recovered cock on a suitable candidate she had chosen. To make it more interesting and stressful she was going to have the youth's stomach pumped full of water. She was definitely addicted to his tongue that could give her orgasms well beyond anything she could conjure up with any of her toys she used at home. Regardless, when it came to allowing his cock to enter her pussy, which hadn't had any cock in nearly fifteen years, that was another cup of tea altogether.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The nurses were only too glad to pump water into Billy's belly until it was so bloated that the network of blood vessels in that area could be clearly visible. Since the doctor was out getting the female for Billy to test his penis, the nurses also added as much urine as they could collect on short notice and added it to the load of liquid entering his stomach. The teenager had no knowledge of what else was entering his stomach, which brought smiles to their faces. When&nbsp; Helene returned with one of her female patients in tow, their expressions grew hard and cold, but they were forced to leave and told not to disturb the doctor while she was with her patients.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The woman was in her late thirties and when she opened her hospital gown, it revealed a pudgy body with large breasts, thick pubic hair, a set of fat cunt lips, cellulite marbled thighs and an impressive pot belly. She had just been admitted by her unhappy husband and would remain until both her attitude and figure returned, a process that might take many months. She had tested out as one who was extremely devoted to sex with members of either sex, which was part of the problem that had landed her at this hospital. Dr.Graves smiled down at Billy who looked as if he was carrying twins and introduced him to his "date" for the session. His rejuvenated cock hardened immediately, bringing a smile to the doctor's face and a happy grin to the patient.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She wasted no time mounting the stud muffin's bulging belly, which brought a groan from him as the liquid load began to shift to accommodate the added pressure being applied by the woman. Her pudgy hand grasped the teen's cock and wedged it into her wet cunt without even a word of warning. She began to bounce up and down on his cock like it was a pogo stick. Helene sat back and watched the show, estimating how long it would take before Billy ejaculated, and trusting that there would be no pain associated with the act. Billy triggered off in less than three minutes by her watch, disappointing the woman no end. The doctor suggested she sit on his face and see if allowing him to lick and kiss her cunt would make him able to have another round of sex with her. Within five minutes his cock was twitching for more pussy and she gratefully provided more for him to fuck. This time he lasted almost ten minutes, and his partner did attain orgasm, which delighted the doctor. Worried that anymore activity putting pressure on his bulging belly might cause additional problems, she buzzed for the nurse to empty her patient's stomach while she and her her female patient, now in her gown, watched. Helene Graves had decided that Billy was going to get as much sex from this woman as he wanted, and perhaps even more than he cared to have for his first "date".





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued - jethro jodhpur )&nbsp; 









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taming Billy - Chapter 30





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Billy's nameless sex partner proved to be a formidable challenge. Dr. Graves had chosen well; this woman was insatiable and just the type for the youth to encounter as a test for his penis. Over the next few hours Billy's cock rarely became flaccid thanks to his doctor's assistance. She was almost as sexually excited as the patient who was draining the stud muffin dry without any concern for his well-being. It didn't take long until Helene was stripped down to just her sexy garter belt and actively joining the fun, but in only a supporting role. Her patient occasionally glanced over toward the doctor and licked her lips. Her lesbian side had kicked in and decided her doctor had suddenly become rather appealing to her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Helene even joined her when Billy required oral or manual stimulation to revive his flagging cock. She had no compunctions about jacking the stud's cock into the pudgy patient's hot, wet mouth as she sucked life back into that length of semi-hard flesh. This treatment brought back memories of lying on the school nurse's examining table while other teachers and even the principal worked tirelessly on his seemingly unquenchable cock. Strangely enough it also brought back memories of Helene's days in medical school and what she did to make sure that she remained on the path that led to becoming a doctor.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As she usually did to guarantee success in any of the more difficult courses, Helene traded access to her youthful body for assistance if needed. In this particular class she arranged to become the sex slave of not only the professor, but his bisexual wife. There were other more attractive candidates for the position she obtained, but none had her vast experience and willingness to perform any sexual act with man or beast. Once she had a master who enjoyed watching her have sex with his three dogs after she had taken care of his physical needs, which were considerable. He even made a few tapes showing her sucking off his animals as well as taking them in both her cunt and asshole. Lending that tape to whoever she planned to service next, never failed to get him or her interested in having Helene's services at their beck and call.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The couple kept her very busy that semester. Not only did she handle them separately on many&nbsp; occasions, they also enjoyed threesomes with her as often as twice during the week. What put a greater strain on Helene's time were the weekend orgies in which she was often called upon to participate. She had vivid memories of one orgy where she was used as a receptacle for well over a dozen loads of sperm that were jacked off into her open mouth by the wives and girlfriends. Her hosts had ordered her to hold each load until they gave her permission to swallow it. Failure to do as she was told called for&nbsp; her to be spanked by the couple who had supplied the sperm that she was unable to properly handle. She had great difficulty sitting properly for the better part of three days afterward. Today thankfully, she was on the other side; it was her hand wrapped around Billy's hardening cock and the woman patient who was in the subservient role.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dr.Graves had planned for every eventuality, and so it was that she had her woman patient, who she never called by name, take a break and allow the doctor to bind her securely to the chair by Billy's bed. A blindfold and her mouth stuffed with Helene's panties completed the arrangement and let the doctor have some fun with her stud muffin patient who looked to be sorely in need of some rest from the almost perpetual onslaught of the sexed-up woman. Although the woman couldn't see, she could hear and even smell what was going on only a few feet from where she struggled against her bonds, eager to rejoin the fun as quickly as she could free herself from the ropes.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As for the doctor, she was enjoying Billy's super fast tongue as it reved up and made her start sweating. She tried to see if she could exert some control over this phenomenon of nature. She shifted her hips and ground her smooth vulva up and down his face, then from one side to the other, until his face looked like a glazed doughnut. Then she started dry humping his face with plenty of enthusiasm, loving the way it felt against her cunt lips and that fat clit which was also out from its hood and into the game. Helene made Billy lick her clit with just the flat of his tongue. When the pressure began to build to maximum, she moved her clit away and made him tongue fuck her cunt, going as deep as possible and staying there for as long as a minute while she humped that fat, pink lump of flesh which had the power to send her to places she didn't even know existed. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Even while all this was going on around her, she was also scheming for a way to have Billy moved to her home for some intensive one on one sexual therapy. Once she got him under her thumb at home, she was sure she could turn him into a perfect sex slave, one she could enjoy for years to come, and even use to attract hot, sexy young women who would do her bidding for an opportunity to have sex with her male slave. That was one fantasy that was doomed to failure, but would foolishly allow herself to fall into a trap laid by the two lesbian nurses. The pair were furious over her less than professional behavior, and failure to let them have a go at the stud muffin as well.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Helene decided she'd given herself enough teasing and it was time for her first orgasm of the session. She leaned forward and whispered into his ear that she was expecting one of his best and didn't want to be disappointed. He switched to turbo mode and started eating her pussy with gusto, making her feel as if her cunt had just swallowed a hungry wolverine. When he bit down on her swollen clit, she felt herself being launched into space. There were rockets, stars&nbsp; exploding, singing voices and rainbows that changed colors every few seconds. Her pussy felt as if it was burning with a flame that consumed and reformed that center of her being, never giving her any chance to catch her breath and truly experience what was transpiring. On a scale of ten, this orgasm was nine point eight. Then as quickly as it began, it stopped and she fell to earth, ready for another ride as soon as she recovered her breath and equilibrium.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Billy's cock was getting hard again after his tongue fucking session with Dr. Graves. She in turn decided to tease him some before remounting for another ride. Her self confidence was such that she dared to put his hard length of cock into her mouth for a gentle sucking. She kissed and slurped it noisily, causing her other patient to increase her efforts to free herself from her bonds. She remained frustrated and Helene's confidence grew by leaps and bounds. She went deep until his cock caused her to gag, an exciting response to her daring move. Over and over a portion of the youth's growing prong disappeared and reappeared from her mouth. Now she held it steady and licked it like an ice cream cone, twirling the tip of her tongue into his piss slit. His breathing indicated that he was on the verge of another ejaculation. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Unfortunately the good doctor was so busy with her new found power that she ignored the warning signs until her mouth suddenly filled with Billy's latest offering. To compound the problem, she gagged and got some of that salty cum up her nose. Her female patient was going crazy as she sensed that Billy had just wasted his precious cum on that evil physician. Dr. Graves had just made another enemy, one who would make her rue what happened over the next few days before the nurses sprang their trap and made Helene Graves their personal sex slave; a slave that would be passed around from nurse to nurse after her day was done and the real work began.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Helene was still on her personal power trip and so the woman patient would have to wait her turn while the doctor made sure that Billy was able to continue his servicing despite having just loosed his load. She immediately put her mouth to work sucking life back into the teenager's cock. It took more than fifteen minutes of diligent sucking, licking and kissing to get him interested in her pussy once more. Onto him she went and slammed her hot, wet pussy into his face, demanding he get to work and make her cum again. Billy took his sweet time, first licking and kissing her clit until she was panting like a bitch in heat. He sucked her cunt lips until they were swollen and sore to the touch; Helene loved it! She even made him suck her asshole for a time, then return to sucking her pussy and swallowing every drop of pussy juice he could wring from that throbbing twat. Finally she put herself at ground zero and defied him to do his worst. He did, and off she went on another trip around the solar system, while the other woman lost her mind and nearly swallowed the panties that were gagging her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was an exhausted Dr.Graves who finally paid some attention to the naked, bound woman still trying to escape her bonds. She was in a very generous mood, still enjoying the afterglow of that second orgasm. Suddenly on a whim, she inserted four fingers into the woman's wet, yielding cunt and began stimulating her. Soon she was shamelessly humping Helene's hand, raising her sexual excitement to another level. Next she homed in on the woman's big tits and started sucking her nipples until they could cut glass. Helene knew her patient was only a few moments away from a very satisfying orgasm, but she perversely decided to forego bringing her off despite her obvious need to orgasm. Instead she yanked out her gag and substituted her tongue as she fondled the patient's tits, kneading the soft flesh like it was dough. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When she stuck her tongue down the woman's throat, the patient began to tremble as she approached her orgasm. Helene cruelly twisted her nipples and yanked them so hard that her tits were lifted from her chest. The bolt of pain overcame her desire for release, a victory for her doctor. More tongue wiggled and worked its way down her throat to make her gag and sweat and start the process of readying herself for another try at going over the top. Those knowing fingers reentered her hot box and fed the flames. The patient was beginning to feel like a meat puppet. She was on the verge, nothing could stop her now; then Graves bit down hard on her sensitive tits and victory was once again denied. The woman was approaching madness. How long could she endure this torment? Helene decided that she had enough and began to free the shaking woman from the ropes holding her naked body to the chair.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;From there on it was a massacre, with Billy playing the part of the settler and the two women acting as the Indians. His pudgy partner wasted no time in mounting up and stuffing his cock into her dripping cavern, then it was off to the races. She fucked the stud muffin until his eyes crossed and his dick grew limp from the constant friction of plowing out her tight pussy. Whenever this occurred, she and the doctor went to work reviving his cock for more fucking. They took turns playing crack the whip with the wilted length of his tired fuck stick and sucking his balls to make him suitable for another round of hard fucking. Helene spent most of her time either making him suck and even try to get one of her tits entirely into his mouth, or eating out her drooling pussy that never seemed to dry up. They finally finished him off for the session with the female patient doing a sixty-nine with Billy, while the doctor jacked his limp cock into her suctioning mouth and gently squeezing his swollen balls in order to get the last drop of diluted cum to exit his semi-hard sex organ. Billy would sleep the sleep of the exhausted tonight, of that she was certain. Her female patient on the other hand started counting the hours before she would be taken to Billy's room for another crack at the teenage stud muffin.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued - jethro jodhpur )









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taming Billy - Chapter 31





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Helene Graves went home, had something to eat, took a hot shower and retreated to her bedroom to see if she was still on a sexual high. She took out the tube of lubrication she had purchased only yesterday and used it to grease up her throbbing vagina, only now in her mind it was her cunt, as it should be. A little dab was added to her vibrator, now useful again, after being hidden away for so many years. She slipped it up her tight snatch, enjoying the way it tickled her fuck channel, and switched it on. Immediately it began to turn her on as well, and she laid back, closed her eyes and relived the session she had with Billy and her new female patient.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That woman certainly was greedy when it came to Billy. Tomorrow that would be a different story entirely. Tomorrow she was going to let Billy fuck her, fuck her good! The idea sent shivers through her body and she moved the buzzing toy slightly deeper and held it against her pussy wall while she fantasized. At first she was on top of the youth who still wore that canvas strait jacket, in total command as she slipped his hard, hot cock into her juicy twat, the result of his tireless tongue covering every square inch of her vulva before plunging into her hot, wet cavern and coating his tongue with her salty juices. She had stopped him from going any further, wanting to fully experience his hard length of hot cock unimpeded by any recent memories of what that tongue could cause if left unchecked.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now she began riding him, using her hips as she moved her body up and down on his imprisoned cock, feeling it rub against her dripping wet cunt walls as she slowly increased the speed of her movements. His breathing had changed; it was matching her movements and growing louder as her hips swiveled smoothy and more of his cock entered her cunt until she felt full. She bent her body so he could begin licking and kissing the hanging fruit that were her firm, pebbled tits, small but well formed with nipples that could cut glass. She urged him to exert himself further, matching his upward thrusts to her body's up and down motions. She took deep breaths, still in control of her emotions, then dug her knees into his flanks as if he were a steed being urged to move to a full gallop. She was delighted at his response and taken by surprise by the additional power of his cock as it pounded away inside her boiling tunnel of lust.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Helene felt the first distant ripples starting deep inside her aching cunt. Her eyes had shut earlier and now she was seeing tiny flashes that corresponded to those insistent urges coming from her fat, twitching clit. That little nubbin wasn't so little anymore. She touched it with a fingertip and it felt as if it was aflame. She pulled her finger away briefly and then returned to clamp it between thumb and forefinger and play with it like a cat with a ball of string. Her rapid breathing was putting pressure on her chest, and she touched one of her tits and was astonished at the pebbled skin and the beads of perspiration that her little toy obviously had caused. Her stiff nipple captured her attention next; it was amazing just how hard that little lump of flesh had become. She began teasing it by twisting and pulling it slowly, imagining that it was Billy's teeth biting down on the sensitive nipple.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The doctor reached down and increased the speed of her vibrator and teased her fat clitoris at the same time. Billy's cock felt as if it was punching a hole in her cunt, pounding mindlessly against her cervix, driving her closer and closer to a titanic explosion of frustrated sex energy. She started fucking herself with the vibrator, grinding it against her clit and then plunging it back into that swampy mess that was once her pristine vagina. She started shaking so badly that she lost her grip on the vibrator that was covered from base to tip with her abundant spendings. Closer and closer she came to the flame, and then she was there, exploding as all that sex energy came to one small place in her quivering body and burned it to a crisp as she released a animalistic howl from deep within her trembling, spastic body that now acted as if someone had cut its strings.

Helene didn't remember passing out, but obviously she did. She awoke in a wet spot that had soaked through the sheets and into the mattress. She lay there, staring at the ceiling as she played with her supersensitive pussy and debated about going for a second orgasm.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Things were going on at the hospital that boded no good for Dr. Helene Grave's career. Billy had been sedated with a powerful drug that put him into a near coma for eight hours. During that time his body was removed to another secure area while some modifications were being made to his room.&nbsp; A small video camera and microphone were placed behind the overhead intake air duct to the patient's room. The duct itself had been remade to allow these items to have direct fields of view of what was taking place in the bed and an area extending three feet from it in every direction. The entire job had been done by a pair of maintenance men who were being compensated with some of the best nurse pussy available. The stage had now been set for what was to take place between Billy, Dr. Graves and perhaps a third party, a woman who had recently been admitted to the hospital and was currently under the care of Dr. Graves as well.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The physician had a restful sleep interrupted once by a delightful reverie featuring her stud muffin fucking her into ecstasy with a cock that was fully a foot long and thick as a tree limb. While she was going from one marvelous orgasm to another, a mob of jealous nurses stood around them with tears running down their ashen cheeks. When she awoke the next morning, Helene started using her fingers on her clit and pussy lips, teasing herself as she planned her day at the hospital. Then it was off to the bathroom for her morning ablutions. As she showered, she could not resist using the bar of soap to vigorously scrub her cunt mouth and then a few inches inside that dripping twat to further excite her. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One thing led to another and before she could calm herself, Helene rocketed off from her first climax of the day, and certainly not the last. This introductory spasm of lust left her weak-kneed and very, very pleased. For this super-special occasion, she put on a fresh thong that fit perfectly into the cleft formed by her fat cunt lips, a sheer bra that managed to make her pert tits look even more delectable than she had ever seen them, and finally her favorite garter belt and hose, the set that seemed to excite Billy the most. The stage was set for their encounter today, but first Helene Graves had to take care of business before pleasure.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As soon as she got to the hospital she very carefully checked on all her patients. Karen was still in quite a bit of pain from her session with the Mechanical Man yesterday. Despite her youth, she got the whole enchilada, and they didn't make it easy for her. One thing was sure, she would be much more polite to the techs the next time she went there for therapy. Based on the appearance of her swollen, raw pussy, she wouldn't be thinking obscene thoughts for at least a few days. Helene thought it might be interesting to see how she might react to a lesbian sex session, and put up a notice on the board for volunteers.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The twins had almost fully recovered from their stepmother's visit. She ordered a step up in their electroshock treatments, allowing voltages up to two hundred and twenty volts at maximum allowable current.&nbsp; She also authorized a continuation of the treatment that their testicles were undergoing. The technique used direct current to shrink their testicles, thus reducing the amount of sperm they could produce and lower their aggressiveness towards members of the opposite sex. They were once more put back on a severely restricted diet heavily laced with sex suppressants, in hopes that in concert with the electrical therapies, it might bring their libidos back to something corresponding to normal. She still was resisting the idea of converting them from hetero to homosexuals, a concept championed by the head of the medical staff, a practicing lesbian who made sure that the lesbian doctors and nurses on the staff were not harassed in any way by the straights.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Helene decided that the woman patient who she dragooned to assist her in Billy's "therapy" would&nbsp; no longer be needed. However she was determined to start her out on some type of treatments this very day. For openers patient X, as she now called her, would be placed on a starvation diet and be given injections of sex stimulants. In this way she was fighting fire with fire. It would be most interesting whether all the sexual stimulation she'd be receiving during the next month or so would kill or cure her of this case of nymphomania. In her current mood, Dr. Graves didn't care, since her entire focus was on the youth waiting for her arrival in the isolation room. Still she wanted to get patient X out of her hair for the remainder of the day. What better way than to take her downstairs to the mechanical stimulation section folk, and leave in their not so tender hands?



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Helene personally escorted a naked, gagged, cuffed and hobbled patient X downstairs where a team of rather jaded techs awaited her latest patient. She discussed her needs in front of the woman, who was silenced by means of a ball gag that caused her to drool uncontrollably. Other members of the section circled the naked patient like sharks waiting to attack their prey. While Dr. Graves outlined her plan that included immersion in bitter cold water followed by time in the sauna, the techs pinched, poked and prodded their victim. Her big tits were hefted and squeezed, the nipples twisted and yanked; fingers went up her cunt and wiggled around to gauge just how loose and sloppy her well stretched and often used twat had become. Others put fingers and thumbs up her asshole and checked how strong her sphincter muscle was these days. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The general consensus was that she was nothing but a cheap whore who had landed a rich husband who finally had gotten tired of her lazy and stupid ways and inability to separate bums with big cocks from rich guys with average cocks, when it came to putting out the pussy. Patient X was in for a whole lot of pain and discomfort, and this was just her introductory session. It would only get worse and worse as time went past and she learned nothing. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Meanwhile her doctor and the head of the section had reached agreement on the schedule for her first visit. She would be entertained by the Mark 14 for two sessions, each featuring a full throw shaft attached to a three inch diameter head. They planned on operating the first run at eighty percent of maximum, and then red line the machine for the second run. To make it more interesting the head would be lubed with fire sauce for the second run. It was a special compound developed by the techs that they claimed would remove the mucous lining from any patient's cunt, no matter her age or sexual history. Helene left her patient and headed upstairs where her stud muffin awaited her. She was positively dripping and could hardly wait for his big cock to start stretching her little used cunt.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued - jethro jodhpur )









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taming Billy - Chapter 32





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Helene entered Billy's room to find everything as it should be. The teenager was conscious, did not seem to be in any discomfort and his vital signs were positive and strong. A quick check of his bladder showed it to be normal. She drained it to be sure that it would not become a nuisance during their lovemaking. The good doctor yanked the catheter tube from his cock and stepped back to begin disrobing. She hadn't seen either nurse today, but that was no matter based on the condition of her patient and soon to be sex partner. She took a deep breath and noted that her pulse was rapid, respiration a bit fast and her pussy was soaking wet. Nothing was out of the ordinary as far as she was concerned. She was tempted for the moment to free her patient from the confines of his straitjacket, but thought better of it. Even in his weakened condition, he was still strong enough to overpower her if that was his intention.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She stripped down to her undies and modeled her new thong and matching bra for him. His eyes never left her attractively presented body, which pleased her no end. For a brief moment the thought that she was on her honeymoon and was about to offer herself to her new husband crossed Helene's mind. The doctor quickly dismissed such an idea and approached her youthful patient, having decided to tease him first before getting down to more serious activities. Before making contact she decided to remove her bra and let him enjoy her pert tits to build up the fire that she knew was burning within him. He began to suckle like a hungry baby and his cock stiffened quickly. She helped matters along by stroking that hot, rigid rod until it was quivering like a struck tuning fork.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She started frenching him and his response to her invading tongue was quick and strong. Soon their tongues were dueling, first in one and then the other's mouth. For a brief moment things got so intense that she almost lost control of her bladder, which she suddenly realized was rather full. In her haste to see Billy, she had forgotten to stop at the ladies room; now she would have to suffer the consequences. Then she smiled as it became apparent that she could just relieve herself here and have Billy get rid of the evidence. She was absolutely convinced that her young lover would be only too happy to take care of her little problem.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;First she wanted to feel his fat tongue working to get past her thong and into the wet interior of her cunt. He would get no help from her, that she secretly promised, no matter how frantic he became. She gave him a thin-lipped smile as she dropped her thong-covered pussy down onto his face. His response was amazing! His teeth sank into that thin barrier of nylon and started tearing it apart. Before she realized what had happened he had ripped that thin layer into pieces and moved his tongue into her dripping twat. God it felt so great to have that fat, turbo tongue cleaning out her insides like some kind of human roto-rooter. She didn't want to believe it, but her first orgasm was already blotting out the sky as it crested like a giant tidal wave, then crashed down on her helpless form, nearly drowning her in a sea of pussy juice and other material that was sucked from her soaking wet cunt.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was a very shaky Dr. Graves who got off the bed and found something in which to pee. She made sure that Billy watched as she pissed into the bedpan, making no effort to be ladylike, in fact going out of her way to touch her cunt lips and even wipe her fingers through her cunt cleft once she finished relieving herself. She stood up and held the bedpan out towards Billy as she asked if he wouldn't mind being a good patient and get rid of his doctor's pee for her. The youth's face clouded up and he shook his head. This was not what Helene expected and she became a bit heavy-handed, threatening to leave him high and dry or worse still, have the nurses make sure his belly and bladder were both pumped full and remained that way until she ordered otherwise. Billy groaned and nodded his head, but his heart wasn't in it. She was too hot and bothered to notice. However the entire little spat had been taped for posterity and would only put her in an untenable position when the nurses sprang it on her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Before remounting the stud muffin she pulled off the remnants of her thong, and ran the edge of her hand between her fat cunt lips, feeling the wetness from her pussy. She leaned forward and sucked Billy's cock for a few seconds just to be sure that it was in readiness. Satisfied it was, she climbed onto his bed and very carefully inserted the head of his throbbing cock into her hot, wet fuck tunnel. Then he exploded and nearly threw her from his body. The first thrust buried his dick to the hilt and made her gasp from surprise and pain. Her cunt was not ready for the kind of plowing he proceeded to deliver.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Helene hung on for dear life as he drove his piston-like cock up into her yielding twat. The pain was still there and it got in the way of her enjoyment. This was not the way it was supposed to be she thought, as her bare body was buffeted over and over by this insane assault on her pussy. She frantically tried to calm him down, but only succeeded in intensifying the pain and punishment he delivered. It felt as if someone had gotten deep inside her cunt and was blasting away with a jackhammer. This was not good, and so she jumped off, leaving him in mid-stroke. Helene gasped for air and felt the pain inside her brutalized twat slowly fading away.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She dare not remount under these conditions; instead she tried to explain to him that she was not ready for such brutal treatment. He looked at her quizzically. The doctor sighed and tried another tack. Asking him to merely insert his cock into her and do nothing until she gave him permission to begin fucking her, but much slower this time. He sighed and nodded, so she got on top and slipped his big, stiff meat pole into her less than soaking twat. The first round had sobered her considerably; this time she would be more cautious. For a few moments she moved slightly, adjusting her body for his cock, which was stretching her from stem to stern. Taking a quick breath, she gave the stud muffin a nod and away they went at a furious pace. This time it wasn't as stressful as the first, but she still was not able to contain his energy. Soon he was at her again, delivering a lot more than she was able to endure, let alone enjoy.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This on and off romance continued for nearly an hour without either party enjoying anything close to either an orgasm or an ejaculation. A very frustrated Helene Graves declared a moratorium, thoroughly exhausted from all the fits and starts that had come to naught. She was so angry that she refused to relieve the youth's stiff cock that had remained in its erect state for over an hour without any satisfaction. She decided that even if he couldn't satisfy her with his cock, his tongue and lips would still do an excellent job of getting her off. Quickly she sat on Billy's face and let his tongue and lips do the job that his cock had failed to accomplish. A very nice, full-bodied climax that curled her toes took place after a short period of sucking and kissing on his part. A second detonation followed a few minutes afterward. Once she recovered her equilibrium, she schemed about ways to get him to reduce his frantic fucking pace so she could enjoy what was happening inside her usually wet snatch.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Two more unsuccessful attempts left her fuming. Hell hath no fury as a woman frustrated, and that led her to discipline Billy for his less than ideal performance. She first immobilized his stiff dick with a cock ring which she tightened until he screamed from the pain. Next she threaded a catheter down through the top of his cock, then into his bladder, which brought tears to his eyes. She had deliberately avoided lubricating the thin plastic tubing to add to his discomfort. Finally she donned rubber gloves and very carefully rubbed a powerful ointment designed for severe muscle strains onto his swollen scrotum. Inside of a few minutes it would feel as if his balls had caught fire. Then she wrote instructions on his chart for the nurse to give him a glycerin enema laced with coffee grounds and he was to hold it for at least an hour before being allowed to void. She could see in her mind's eye the bloody froth bubbling from his gaping anus. Finally his stomach was to be pumped dry, then filled with ice water. She regretted not being around to watch his belly become a distended ball of pain, but there would be tomorrow and many tomorrows after that if she had her way. Unfortunately that was not to be, thanks to the damning evidence that the video camera and microphone were collecting.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Helene Graves spent a frustrating evening, her cunt so battered and bruised that she was unable to use her vibrator to soothe her wounded ego, not to mention her sore twat. She had trouble getting to sleep and resorted to a sedative that may have been responsible for the nightmare she had. She was now a patient in the hospital under the discipline of her former patients and attended by the new doctors who used to be her lesbian nurses. The doctors were trying various treatments to cure this cock obsession that she had developed. This morning's session in the mechanical stimulation section had turned her pussy into mush, but the doctors were still unhappy with her progress to the point that they had allowed her former female patients to do their worst and so they were busy giving her a combination enema and stomach filling, pumping piss by the quart into her belly and lower intestines. However what woke her up screaming was the sound of the barking dogs which grew louder and louder.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was a grumpy Dr. Graves who got to the hospital some half hour late. Waiting for her in Billy's room were the two nurses with evil grins on ther faces. Billy was awake and feeding himself like a starving animal, which was fairly close to the truth. She was too stunned to speak. Things became even stranger when one of the nurses closed the door and locked it securely. Then the doctor's anger boiled over and she began haranguing her underlings, which proved to be a huge mistake. She was caught totally unprepared when one of the nurses landed a roundhouse punch to the side of her head, sending her flying against the wall and bringing a cheer from the teenager. Dazed from the vicious blow, she fell easy prey to the attack by the nurses. A few well placed kicks to her cunt, belly and flat tits took all the fight out of her. The rest was history.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Two days later Billy was discharged from the hospital and waiting for him was his dear old granny. Half an hour later, Lucy escorted her gandson into a well appointed room with a king size bed and a jacuzzi in the bathroom, her welcome home gift. Actually her pussy and asshole were much better gifts according to Billy who did his best to wear her out. Whenever they were too pooped to pop, into the jacuzzi they'd go to restore their juices so they could return to the friendly confines of that king size bed which got pleny of use that long day and well into the evening. Things were not going as well for Dr. Helene Graves, not well at all.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The good doctor almost wet her panties when they showed her the highlights of her most recent session with Billy. There could be no doubt it was her, and she was in the process of violating so many hospital rules that the nurses weren't able to count them all. The negotiations following their revelation were rather one-sided. In exchange for their promise not to expose what she had done, Helene Graves agreed to become their slave on alternate weekends for a period of one year. Considering the things that were done to her during those sessions, even two weeks was not usually enough for her to heal properly. However that was her problem, not anyone else's.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Slave Helene began to dread the unexpected knock at her door; opening it to face anywhere from one to three hard-faced lesbians who just happened to be in the neighborhood looking for some fun. Naturally they always dropped a name or two that meant people at the hospital were involved. Fun was a code word for pain and humiliation, and woe to the good doctor if word got back that she had been less than cooperative. The first time that happened she had a visit from a couple of nurses who knocked the snot out of her when they weren't widening her pussy and asshole with their strap-ons. After that, she was most cooperative and with time managed to even enjoy some of the things that happened to her. Be that as it may, she never learned to love our four-footed friends, but they certainly loved her in every hole. The best break she got was when the head of the medical staff got into the act and started to take Helene under her wing and then some. There is nothing like having friends in high places; Dr. Graves found that to be true. She also discovered in time that she did enjoy the lesbian life, but even today she still doesn't like taking ten of the best across her bare bottom or her surgically enhanced tits that she refers to as her squeezies.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Billy Lyons is still the same old teen stud muffin when it comes to the senior citizens. However things at home have changed dramatically. Tracy, his mom, will no longer put up with her son's hit and run attacks. Prior to her latest boyfriend, there was very little she could do about it unless she was willing to send him away to juvenile. Recently Billy and her new lover met head on and Billy came out much the worse for wear.&nbsp; Nothing like meeting up with an ex-lightheavyweight who boxed in college, and is looking to score big points with his mom. Naturally he got plenty of tender loving care, such as all the pussy he could handle from his devoted granny. On the other hand Gardi von Dortman wouldn't give him the time of day until he was able to deliver the meat like he did before his little accident and stay at the private hospital. Principal Riggs has declared Billy to be off limits to her teachers without her permission. So far the truce between her and Billy has held.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;These days Billy shuttles between Lucy's place and the vonDortman residence, with an occasional visit to his mom and her significant other. The stud has to admit that his mom is looking real good, thanks to all the hard cock she's getting these days from the boyfriend. He still thinks that he wants to marry Imgard vonDortman because of her tremendous sex drive and big body featuring some all world tits and a pussy that can swallow his head. She still insists that he must marry one of her twins and then become the sex slave of the three of them. Kim and her mistress are still holding out the carrot of a visit to their place so they can complete his training.&nbsp; Currently he has no intention of letting them turn him into something he doesn't want to be, so that situation is a stalemate. What happens next is anyone's guess, but as soon as it breaks, the readership will be the second to know about it.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( The End? - Who Knows? - jethro jodhpur )



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jethro Jodhpur


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





