BDSM Library - Roman Pleasures




Roman Pleasures
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Another tale of Roman exoticism - or depravity - in the arena. An attempt to step back in time, and explore an unusual part of Roman life...Roman Pleasures  
What the history books say :  
'Sex and violence were as closely coupled in the ancient world as they are
  in the world of today. After Ovid's death the great Colosseum was built which
  brought the two elements to a nadir of depravity. The insatiable public was
  able to see not only killings, but re-enactments of mythical couplings between
  beasts and humans. The one of 'Pasiphae and the Bull' in which the bull was
  lowered in a harness on to the poor female victim may have been a type of execution.
  It was certainly depraved.'  
Love in the Ancient World by Chris Miles  
Calpurnia stands in the one of the maze of passageways beneath the arena,
  wearing a loose silk chiton  . The theater hands approach,
  and quickly undo her clasps, letting the silk garment float to the floor. Now
  she is naked, one bolder hand seeks her buttocks, to squeeze and knead. The
  girl does not seem to mind this pawing too much, maybe because it distracts
  her from her coming ordeal.  
Gently but firmly the men pull Calpurnia, the condemned girl, along to a
  special gilded claustra  or cage, with a curious arrangement
  of bars. When the men slid her in it becomes apparent that the cage is meant
  to display her with legs spread and bottom exposed. The younger attendant takes
  the opportunity of a few seconds to slide two fingers deep inside her. Now
  the cage rises up by an ingenious system of pulleys from the basement of the
  Colosseum to emerge before the audience.  
Calpurnia, shivered with fear - was it combined with acceptance of her fate
  ?- as she steadily rose up the shaft. When she emerged into the light was overwhelming,
  as was the hubbub which rose to an almost deafening hum, the cheers and applause.
  From the nearest section of the crowd she could even make out a few comments.
  'Look at her, bottom in the air, all ready for the ride of her life' --- 'Time
  for her to take some massive meat in her seat',-- 'The bull will really probe
  her innermost depths' --- 'Can hardly wait a moment longer to see this' - and
  from a shrill, excited female voice - ' Worth being split to feel that mighty
  dick inside you.'  
The cage had been lewdly designed to show off her body, the wide angle her
  legs were spread meant that even her inner flaps were visible - the sun beating
  down on hidden parts - and her little pink anus too. She felt fairly shocked
  to be on such public view, but part of her enjoyed the thought of thousands
  seeing every juicy crevice, including very large numbers of men hardened to
  erection..  
Unknown to Calpurnia, because outside of her line of vision, the bull was
  already nearly in position, as it dangled in its stout harness from a winch
  just above and behind the cage. First she felt the hot breath and heard low
  sounds...  
They lowered the bull until its tip was right against to Calpurnia's crotch.
  Slowly its dick emerged and began to enter her. Then the bull was winched up
  and the crowd watched as its dick extended until it again snugly fitted in
  Calpurnia's wet hole. It grew fatter and the Calpurnia began to moan as her
  juices began to flow. The bull was pulled up again and the amazed crowd watched
  as more thick bull dick emerged. The dick extended for two or more feet until
  it touched the girl's open flaps again.  
The bull's giant dark pleasure meat extended a little further so a few inches
  entered the Calpurnia spread cunt. The girl began to juice up with a pool of
  natural lubricant forming round the end of the bull's dick.  
She even began to thrust back a bit taking more stiff bull dick. Her body
  trembled as she came for the first time. By giving a delicate little touch
  to the wheel the winch attendants could drop and raise the bull a few inches
  to rhythmically penetrate Calpurnia. This went on for nearly 20 minutes.  
Now one of the Colosseum's female acrobats, Livilla, came into the arena,
  with bare breasts, wearing just the bottom of the usual leather bikini. From
  the editor of the games she collected two items which were to play a part in
  the unfolding show - a long ferulae or measuring rod and a round platter with
  a small object resting on top.  
While these preparations were made, Calpurnia rested, a little exhausted
  by the bull's thrusts. The stage hands had led the bull in front of the cage,
  and the girl acrobat ran her teeth along the length of his dick, biting gently,
  before sticking the glans end down the side of the leather strap, against her
  thigh. Calpurnia felt a mood of fear coming over her however as her eyes went
  to the twitching prick coated with her juices. Livilla offered it to her saying
  ' Enjoy yourself while you still can! Taste your own juices. Go on&quot;  
With only a little enthusiasm, Calpunia took a few licks, but somehow the
  great dark, almost shiny black phallus inspired both lust and fear and she
  got a little more into to it, tonguing round the glans with some intensity.  
As Calpurnia finished with a nibble and the bull drew away, the girl put
  the measuring rod against the animal's 'rod' - they matched perfectly, a length
  of nearly 3 feet. This happened while the attendants were releasing Calpurnia
  from the cage. The naked Calpurnia was gently pushed towards Livilla, who with
  a knowing smile placed one end of the rod next to Calpurnia's exposed puffy
  cunt lips. The other end of the measure reached up near her bared breasts and
  the crowd realised the meaning of this action right away. Attendants bent Calpurnia
  over a low platform. Meanwhile Livilla did the same trick in different positions
  with the measure, in case the dimmest audience members hadn't got the point.
  As Calpurnia would soon from the bull's member.  
Calpurnia was now loosely chained against a very low platform, face down
  and legs spread. Before the bull's pulsating penis entered again, Livilla went
  for the platter, and picked up the object resting there. The audience were
  puzzled about the purpose of this, but with a flourish Livilla raised high
  the mysterious object for their and Calpurnia's benefit.  
It was a medium sized, hollowed silver cylinder, a fairly convincing replica
  of a bull's glans. But where his urinary and seminal slit would have been was
  instead a small but sharp silver spike. It was an exquisitely crafted if rather
  sinister artifact. Livilla raised this unique contraption to her mouth, sticking
  out her tongue, ran it along one breast before bringing a single drop of blood
  from her soft skin with the spike.  
Calpurnia's stomach-in-the-mouth fear increased, though part of her wanted
  to put on a great show, that the Romans would remember for ages. Livilla ran
  the spike dildo through a pot of bluish paste, a poppy based herbal concotion
  meant to reduce pain. The dildo would aid the bull in making a neat split of
  the condemned girl as the top of his organ left her wet cunt to explore new
  and different parts.  
It was time. With a few deft jerks of the hand, Livilla brought the bull
  to the peak of erection, and fixed the metal glans over his real one.  
He entered Calpurnia again as the crowd ooed. She felt first the cold dildo,
  then - a delicious contrast- the swelling pumping veins as he entered her well
  muscled cunt. The bull was going slower due to the less sensation on his tip,
  but Calpurnia was still coming. She marveled at the way the bull expanded his
  girth inside her. Calpurnia bit her lip as the spike hit, and slid a little
  of the tip through into her abdomen. It hurt - a flare of pain - but less than
  she imagined beforehand, and the pain was balanced by the pleasure she was
  still experiencing from the thick organ that thobbed volcanically.  
The arena attendants then pulled back the bull while Livilla removed the
  glans dildo. The bull slid eagerly back into Calpurnia, this time going deeper
  into her abdomenal cavity.  
Many in the audience had seen timid actresses in the Roman theater 'take
  the tip' from a bull. Such displays were now a little boring. Most - including
  women - preferred to watch a condemned girl being compelled to take everything
  the bull had to offer. With a condemned girl the audience loved to see exotic
  offbeat sex without any restraint limit or simulation. Only in the arena could
  the audience enjoy watching complete, hot,dangerous and uninhibited sex between
  a bull and woman.  
A short pause ensued - Livilla walked over with the measuring rod again.
  She indicated the extent the bull's dick was inside Calpurnia - just over half
  way of the total length - by running her hand along the approximate line. She
  smacked her lips saying : 'Tauros in alvus'  .Then she
  finally peeled down her leather thong, and squatted naked with one hand squeezing
  the bull's dick, and masturbating herself furiously with the other. Then she
  somersaulted, head over heels, toward the great iron gate on the axis of the
  Colosseum.  
From this point on the organisers had decided that there would be no more
  distractions, no sideshow. They wanted to ensure the entire attention of the
  crowd would be focussed on the final climax of the act between Calpurnia -
  playing Pasiphae - and the bull.  
 That audience craved to see one thing above all - the sliding in of that
  massive meat all the way into the balls. Whatever happened to the condemned
  girl the audience was insatiable in its demand that the show had to end with
  the bull's huge balls right against the girl's pink pudenda.  
The bull moved its haunches rapidly as it began to fuck Calpurnia deep and
  fast. Calpurnia still felt some hazy pleasure - she could have sworn that her
  muscular ring could feel the semen beginning rising. She also felt pain - a
  diffuse pain - as her whole insides seemed to move. By now the slender tip
  and glans of the bull had reached Calpurnia's diaphragm while his balls did
  indeed rest against her flaps. The audience approved : ' A perfect split, cheers
  for such skill.'  
Though weaker Calpurnia was still orgasmic, breathing heavily. She felt the
  bull give a start as it moved forward, then the swollen organ pumping semen
  all the way up her body. Calpurnia orgasmed immediately, panting away. The
  the stiff little end of the bull's dick now wedged in her diaphragm began to
  'shake and spurt' large copious quanties of gooey white semen which first stopped
  her panting - and then was the unlikely element by which the Roman sentence
  of execution was carried out.  
A woman had paid the price for trangressing the male Roman law by means of
  an ultimate male symbol.The bull had won its victory, and made the woman 'submit',
  not just for sexual entertainment, but also to assert the macho power of ancient
  Rome.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dave johns


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





