BDSM Library - Punisher spoof




Punisher spoof
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Based on the Marvel Comics character, Frank Castle, and his lovely assistant Ange. No money is being made off this, it is purely for entertainment purposes. Character owned by Marvel. What can I say, I have a wide range of interests.28 August 2003
On-the-fly Supplement to the Punisher's War Journal
"Incoming, Frank."
My hands are sweaty, and I wipe
  them swiftly on my jeans, not daring to take my eyes off the monitor.
"How many?" His voice crackles
  over the microphone, barely audible.
"Two. White male, five ten, tops.
  Hispanic male, six plus. Bulky jackets. Likely armed."
"Roger that."
This will not change the mission.
The microphone is sensitive enough
  to pick up the creak of his leather jacket as he moves&ndash;any more sensitive
  and I'd get his heartbeat. There's another device that monitors that, though;
  heart rate, temperature, blood pressure, brain waves. I am holding my breath,
  and I ease it out. Doesn't really matter how loud I am, but the tension gets
  to you after a while.
"Executing." A nice double-entendre,
  that. Frank moves in, and the only thing I hear before the gunfire starts is
  a distant "what the fu&ndash;"
I jerk back, muttering an oath
  as the gunshots start. Frank arms himself with an &mdash;16 as a matter of
  course, and I hear crashes, more gunfire, and a thud as he throws himself down.
  I can see it in my head as clearly as if I were there&ndash;he rolls, toward
  the closest cover, snaps out and shoots again. Move. Move. Move. 
I'm whispering it as I watch the
  monitors. There's nothing on them; an empty street, the street lamp where I
  hid my camera two nights ago. The door of a warehouse that is theoretically
  empty; at least so far as the average citizen and the cops know.
More bursts, and a "Shit" from
  Frank. His heart rate spikes and then levels off. No drop in blood pressure,
  though. A close call, but no hit. I can hear the clicks in the background as
  he reloads, slamming the magazine into place, ready to rock and roll. I touch
  the Glock 37 at my hip; my own personal security blanket. A bit big for my
  hands, but stopping power is stopping power. If I have to use it, my wrists
  will hurt like a bitch tomorrow.
The gunfire goes on for a few
  more minutes, and then silence. Frank is probably peeping over his cover now,
  and&ndash;there. Slow, deliberate shots, making sure the things that look dead
  stay dead. I hear groans, from a great distance, and as they continue, I can
  only assume that this is someone Frank wants alive, for the moment.
"One ducked out the door, Ange-girl."
This is code for watch your
    ass. I glance at the monitors that display the area around the van, dividing
    my attention between the surveillance equipment near Frank and my own vicinity.
"Who's Howard Saint?" Frank's
  voice comes through abruptly, and it feels like I'm quartering my mind, trying
  to watch the monitors and listen.
"Go fuck yourself," someone spits.
  I can imagine the smile on Frank's face, and the cold deadness of his eyes
  as he bends closer to the lone survivor.
"Wrong answer," Frank says, and
  I hear shrieking. "You want to go for two?"
"He'll fucking kill me, man!"
"What do you think I'm going to
  do? Only&ndash;" Here Frank moves in closer, his K-bar an inch from the man's
  nose. "I'll kill you slow. Now, who is Howard Saint?"
Obstinate silence, this time,
  and then the shrieking starts again.
"You've got eight more of those,
  and ten more on your feet. Then I start on bigger things."
The man breaks&ndash;whatever
  Howard Saint might do to him, it could not possibly be worse than this. One
  more gunshot.
"Mission complete."
"Roger that." I get up, start
  the van, and then return to my seat in the back. If the one that ducked out
  headed this way, it would not be the first time. Frank appears on the warehouse
  camera, apparently unharmed. I breathe a sigh of relief, but this won't be
  over until he actually reaches the van.
His shape appears in the van cameras
  about fifteen minutes later, and I slide into the driver's seat. "Where to,
  boss?"
"The garage." He belts himself
  into the passenger seat, watching the mirrors as we ease out of the alley and
  onto the main road. The tension has slipped a notch, but until we are back
  in the garage, Frank considers us in enemy territory.
The garage is twenty minutes from
  tonight's rendezvous point. Another abandoned warehouse, near the shipping
  yards, but far enough away from the struggling businesses that the chances
  of anyone stumbling on the van are small. And even if they did, the side windows
  are blacked, the van will be locked, and it would take a tank to break it open.
The garage itself is only home
  for the van. We vacuum it out silently, destroy all fingerprints, and lock
  it. The pit below is home&ndash;if you would call an arsenal and war room home.
Frank doesn't talk, and I don't
  pry. The mission-complete drill is as familiar as my morning training, and
  I could say every word before Frank does, tell you what he would do before
  he does it. In this, Frank is as predictable as the sunrise. In all else&ndash;earthquakes
  are more predictable.
The north wall of the warehouse
  is six inches thicker than the others, and Frank palms a panel six feet from
  the northeastern edge. The panel slides left, revealing a chute that drops
  twenty feet, a ladder stretching the distance. Top and bottom, there are two
  blast doors, which would both withstand a nuclear weapon. Lucky Frank; he found
  a fallout shelter two years ago, and made it home. Sort of.
The chute is narrow, but large
  enough for a hundred-pound girl to slip down, with a two-hundred pound man
  following her. Whatever else I could say about him, I could never accuse Frank
  of not being careful with me.
I move into the living room, out
  of his way, and I hear Frank screwing the blast door shut. Stretch&ndash;the
  muscles in my neck and shoulders are in knots&ndash;and bend down with straight
  legs to touch the floor. Most of the van's arsenal is hidden, from the casual
  glance&ndash;which means it's tucked in the floor, in the wheel wells, and
  under the seats. Good for secrecy; uncomfortable for extended sitting. I'd
  need an ass made of iron to tolerate it happily.
Even from my position&ndash;upside
  down, head near floor&ndash;I watch Frank from the corner of my eyes. The main
  room is actually three rooms; living area, kitchen, and the largest space,
  which is Frank's war room and armory. Several long tables, two along the walls
  and one in the center, which are used to clean weapons, make and study maps
  and plans, and occasionally for emergency surgery. He goes into the war room
  and starts shedding his weapons, always a lengthy process. His main weapons,
  the &mdash;16 and an 9 mm Browning pistol first, his derringer, and an assortment
  of knives and grenades, as well as a few flash-bangs. And even I don't know
  what he has on him at all times; Frank always has a weapon unless someone takes
  it from him. Which, in living memory, happened exactly once.
With the focus that is one of
  his trademarks, he sets to disassembling and cleaning his weapons, including
  a K-bar that has the slightest hints of blood left on it.
"Howard Saint is our target," Frank
  says abruptly. I glide over, picking up a notepad and pen on the way. I know
  the drill.
The notes are lengthy, culled
  from his near-faultless memory, and I jot down the facts first, then the correlations
  with other information we've both picked up on the way. Saint's habits; the
  depth of his involvement in organized crime, the strength and numbers of his
  organization. Anything that is based on surmise rather than cold fact, I highlight.
  Frank will confirm that information later.
I don't show it, but the name
  sends a chill down my spine. Frank already knows everything I know about Howard
  Saint, and the bit that I know is unpleasant. Once upon a time, I worked&ndash;under
  duress&ndash; for one of Saint's lackeys. I had just been brought personally
  to Saint's attention when Frank came barreling, literally, into my life. Eight
  months ago, and Frank had decided that I could be useful. Grateful, and having
  no other pressing business, I accepted his offer.
For the first two months of our
  acquaintance, I was cannon fodder, according to Frank. I studied. I trained.
  I learned to shoot, to spar, to kill. Not in the interests of actually doing
  so; my true functions are surveillance and hacking into computers, wherever
  necessary. Basically, what Saint had had me doing, but Saint would have shot
  me himself the second I'd outlived my usefulness. Well, he likely would have
  had someone else shoot me. Doesn't really matter who pulls the trigger, though,
  does it?
I also developed and expanded
  a knowledge of explosives, which was occasionally fascinating, but mostly involved
  nerves of steel and a fondness for tedious and meticulous detail. Movies glamorize
  this kind of thing, but trust me&ndash;intelligence-gathering, bombs, surveillance,
  and the like are mostly painstaking and patient work. 
Notes completed, I leave them
  next to the computer. Frank will add them to his war journal later, along with
  any other plans and connections he makes. Then the training will begin again,
  the planning, the intelligence-gathering. I know Howard Saint, and it will
  take a helluva lot of planning to get to him. Though if we do, it will bring
  one of the biggest crime organizations in New York City down.
Frank is nothing if not ambitious.
And, I sometimes think, suicidal.
He knows, and I know, that this
  can't go on forever. Eventually, one of us will make a mistake. There will
  one day be someone who is better&ndash;faster, a better shot, or hell, just
  luckier. It'll likely be Frank that goes first, but if he goes down, I won't
  be long in following.
The trick to continuing this work
  is not to think about it too often or too deeply. Focus on the mission. Take
  out the bad guys. Though if Frank and I are on the side of good, it doesn't
  leave a whole lot left to fight against. 
The explanation there is that
  we are defending the innocent. Something Frank made a career of, a while back.
  The difference is that he fought who the US government told him to fight back
  then. Not exactly pointless, but misguided; why defend innocents overseas when
  there are victims in our own country who never see justice done?
He has a point. And though his
  vendetta is less altruistic than he says, I can't argue with results. There
  are a good number of his "targets" that I would dearly love to see dead. Given
  the opportunity, I'd pull the trigger myself. 
I am cooking, lost in my thoughts,
  something neither of us will really taste, but enough to keep us going. The
  story of our lives.
I am also watching Frank, because
  he fascinates me. No, that has nothing to do with my decision to stay with
  him.
Frank is tall, a bit over six
  feet, and every inch of it muscled. Black hair, and the coldest blue eyes this
  side of hell. His face is permanently tanned, despite the fact that both of
  us rarely see the sun, which makes me think that there is something darker
  than Italian somewhere in his background. Indian, most likely; he surely moves
  like one when he wants to. A semi-permanent stubble on his jaw. While Frank
  is absolutely fanatical about many things, he occasionally lets shaving slide.
  That's about the only thing he lets slide.
I, on the other hand, look like
  I've never seen the sun. My freckles have faded over time into a pure, unblemished
  ivory. Or fish-belly pale, if I wanted to be negative about it. It's the Irish;
  with my red hair and green eyes, I'm a living stereotype.
He is sitting at the computer
  now, typing away. Some information he will share; most, he won't. Security
  reasons: the less I know, the less I compromise the mission if I get caught.
  And Frank made it abundantly clear on the first day that the mission comes
  first, above life, death, and act of God.
I have a lot of nightmares. That's
  to be expected, I suppose. It would take a fundamentally damaged person to
  be unmoved by some of the things I've seen. Knowing that nightmares mean I'm
  mentally healthy is not much comfort at three o'clock in the morning, as I
  try to push the images out of my head with the palms of my hands. I'll sleep,
  I know I will, when I'm too exhausted to stay awake any longer. In the meantime,
  it sucks.
"Dammit," I mutter, rolling out
  of bed with the vague thought of getting something to drink from the kitchen.
  The light is on in the living room, and Frank is reading, the radio on.
I pretend that it affects me not
  at all to see him only in his boxers and go about my business, gulping down
  a glass of cold water. A cold shower would be better. He glances over at me.
"Can't sleep?"
I shake my head, and go to him,
  sitting on the recliner opposite. I've learned not to waste the rare opportunities
  when he's talkative. Besides, I'm feeling vulnerable. The dream was a nasty
  one.
"Do you dream?" I ask quietly. "About
  the things you've&ndash;we've&ndash;done?"
"Sometimes. But there are worse
  things to dream about, Ange-girl." Like watching your family die before
  your eyes, unable to save them. He doesn't say it, and I won't, but the
  words hang there. That was what had driven Frank to this two years before.
  Two years ago...I had been living in a crummy apartment, working a crummy job,
  before my extracurricular activities had brought me to Saint's attention. I
  was still safe, if bored, at the time Frank was watching his life crumble around
  his ears.
There are things that should be
  said, but if I do, the walls will go back up, and I relish this quiet time
  with him. Even at three o'clock in the morning. 
I reach for a cigarette, offering
  him one, and we smoke for a while in contemplative silence.
"How long until the next mission?" I
  ask finally.
"Two weeks." He blows a smoke
  ring, staring at the ceiling.
I really don't want to talk about
  business. But what else? The weather? The economy? It's been so long since
  I've talked about anything other than the mission, nothing else seems real. 
"Do you want out?" he asks softly,
  eyes still on the ceiling.
"Do you want me out?"
He shakes his head, grinds out
  his cigarette. "That wasn't the question, Ange. You're second-guessing. That
  can get you killed."
I pause, thinking it over. He
  won't take any quick answer. "What else would I do?" I ask finally. "I'm already
  in this, and enough of them have seen me that I wouldn't be safe anywhere." I
  pause, the memory of them enough to harden my will. "And there are still some
  that should be dead, and aren't." Yet.
"Focus," he says, "is a good thing.
  But no one can focus constantly on one thing, especially if that thing is war.
  You get battle fatigue. You need to think of other things."
"What other things do you think
  of?"
"What might have been, mostly," he
  says, and returns to his book.
Thus resolved to find a hobby&ndash;a
    hobby?&ndash;as a way to stay sane, I go back to bed ten minutes later,
    for another few hours of sleep before training begins.
The morning routine, regardless
  of what actions are pending, is always the same. Depending on the time we'd
  gotten in&ndash;most of the missions were night missions&ndash;we aimed for
  a minimum of seven hours of sleep. My alarm clock buzzes promptly at 0700,
  and I can hear Frank already stirring as I lie in bed, trying to talk myself
  into getting up.
Grumbling, I stretch, stand, and
  tug a pair of shorts on, padding barefoot out to the kitchen. It's Frank's
  morning to make breakfast, but the only thing that interests me is coffee.
  The smell wafts throughout the kitchen, and I gulp my first cup down appreciatively,
  savoring the second, rubbing my eyes sleepily.
Frank regards me with something
  akin to amusement.
"What?"
"Good morning, merry sunshine," he
  says, arching one dark brow, and burying himself in the morning papers.
Breakfast is steak, eggs, and
  fried potatoes, cooked in the same skillet. Like they say, you can take the
  Marine out of the Corps, but you can't take the Corps out of the Marine.
I dig in, eying Frank in standard
  amazement as he inhales most of the food.
The morning papers are average
  fare, from which we will cut clippings later. No outrageous court cases in
  the public eye right now&ndash;our side missions consist of criminals that
  Frank deems have escaped justice. Lest anyone think that his judgements are
  arbitrary, the evidence against these secondary targets has to be on par with,
  oh, say OJ Simpson, before Frank will move against them. Cop killers are his
  special loathing.
Not much risk in those missions,
  but there is some satisfaction to be had all the same. Justice may be blind,
  but there are times when, for whatever reason, she looks the other way.
I clear up and wash the dishes,
  and join Frank in the training room. Two of everything: treadmills, weight
  machines, and a set of free weights that starts at five pounds and goes up.
  Five pounds are strictly warm-up for my triceps; I don't care what anyone says,
  most women are not capable of building their triceps up much past five pounds
  with free weights. If the burn is there, don't argue with it.
I run for forty-five minutes,
  five minutes warming up, thirty-five minutes at a near-sprint, and five minutes
  cooling down. I used to hate running, but there is nothing like armed bad guys
  to motivate you to exercise. Weight lifting for another forty-five minutes,
  full body, and the agony of my leg routine never fades. Upper body workouts
  are no problem for me, but doing squats always makes me want to throw up, pass
  out, or die.
Sparring and grappling next; not
  much of a test for Frank, but I occasionally manage to surprise him. With Marines,
  it's more sheer viciousness and will that carries the day. There's some technique
  to it, but the martial arts is secondary. The difference, really, is in the
  targets on the body. A Marine's goal is to maim or kill, while most martial
  arts are for self-defense: incapacitate the enemy, and escape. The applications
  for me personally are to do the most possible damage in the shortest amount
  of time, and get my ass out of there. Speed is my ally; I've got nothing in
  the way of size and strength on most men. The funny thing about combat is that
  feminism has very little to do with realities. God only gave women so much
  to work with.
Then, to the showers with both
  of us, and the rest of the day will be spent planning, combing newspapers,
  and picking out surveillance points. When Frank says two weeks until the next
  mission, that means two weeks until we go and start asking questions, likely
  at gunpoint. There's a lot to do between now and then. 
4 September 2003 
On-the-fly Supplement to the Punisher's War Journal 
I have to remember to breathe. 
 One week later, and I am dangling
  from a rope next to the Holt building, twenty stories from the top, and I don't
  want to know how many stories from the ground. Dangling upside down, for that
  matter, next to one of the floor-to-ceiling windows high-powered businessmen
  are so fond of. 
This particular businessman, of
  course, is involved in a bit more than banking. Money laundering, for example.
  Howard Saint's money. 
The top of my head just barely
  peeps over the window itself, on the off-chance that there are security cameras
  somewhere within. The office is dark, but I'm taking no chances. 
The bug that I'm leaving on this
  window actually looks like scotch tape. A bit thicker than most, maybe, but
  all the wires and circuitry within are clear, as well, and I'm leaving it in
  the upper left corner of the window. It will take someone with sharp eyes to
  detect it, and it won't show up on most of tracking and detecting equipment.
  It will, however, pick up conversations from within the building, crystal-clear. 
That particular bug was the patient
  work of four solid days. 
I glance up&ndash;seeing the sky
  above me is disorienting&ndash;and reach behind me to tug the rope lightly.
  Frank moves left, along the cement portion of the wall, to a windowless area
  and starts tugging me up. I swing gently back and forth, the wind whistling
  in my ears, and close my eyes. Sometimes I truly hate this part of my job. 
There are three more windows on
  this building to tap, and we have two more nights to hit two more buildings.
  This mission is only dangerous in that if we get caught, we lose a lot of intelligence-gathering
  capability. Well, we might be seen and shot at, but the odds of getting shot
  are a lot slimmer here than some of the other missions we've been on. 
"Good to go?" 
"Yes," I reply briefly, which
  is not at all what I want to say. What I want to say is, please, don't send
  me over the side of the building again. 
Have I mentioned that I'm afraid
  of heights? 
I take the proffered second bug
  and walk to the other side of the roof, sliding over the edge, the rope catching
  my weight instantly. Frank has looped it around a nearby vent-pipe for additional
  stability, and winds it around his hands as well. I know that my weight's not
  much for him to keep a hold of, but still&ndash;the headlights from the cars,
  so very far down below... 
This will only work if I don't
  look down or think about exactly what I'm doing. 
Again, I half-crawl down the wall,
  and catch the nearby ledge as we start to move over to the target window. Fifteen
  floors down, sixth window from the right on the north side of the building...I
  tag the window, work my way back along the ledge, and back up. 
There are some nifty gadgets that
  would be very valuable for this kind of mission, but Frank's money only stretches
  so far, and goes mostly toward weapons, armor, and outfitting the van. Almost
  everything else we make from scratch. If you're really focused and have no
  social life, then it's very efficient. And while I'm not exactly sure where
  Frank gets his money, I know I probably won't like the answer. So I don't ask. 
Besides, to quote Frank, gadgets
  break. Sometimes less is more. 
The last window is five floors
  down, east wall, eight window from the left. I take a deep breath and drop
  over the side. Almost done. For tonight, anyway. I'll be dangling upside down
  from two other buildings before we finish the job. 
 Six days later, and I stand across
  the table from Frank in the war room, going through the plans for tomorrow
  night's mission. We'll stay up late tonight, until four or five in the morning,
  sleep in until noon or 1300, so we will be well-rested. And by staying up late,
  exhausted enough to crash as soon as we hit our beds. Or at least I will be. 
For now...coffee, need more coffee. 
The intelligence we've gathered
  is not only from the bugs, but also from video surveillance I stashed outside
  a few warehouses and clubs. In a major coup, Frank managed to worm his way
  into the manager's office of the Black Cat strip club, which has things to
  do with prostitution and drug smuggling, to name two. We know when, and where,
  some of Saint's flunkies will be meeting. The only reason we aren't going to
  personally question his flunkies is because that would alert him to our presence.
  And the man at the top is always the primary objective. 
The meeting will take place four
  days from now in an estate in the Hamptons. The trick will be to get a couple
  of likely meeting rooms bugged, without getting caught doing it. It's one thing
  to dangle off buildings. It's another to slip into a well-guarded house unnoticed,
  hide bugs, and slip out again. And it'll take both of us to get in and out
  of those rooms, past the security systems, so there will be no one on the outside
  to back us up. 
It's not the craziest thing we've
  ever done, but it's a close second. 
Frank is unrolling blueprints
  now, of the grounds, the house, and the security system. My job will be to
  hack into the security system from the roof and disengage the motion sensors,
  and loop the security cameras so they don't see him.  
Frank will be the one to go in,
  obviously, and place the bugs. Virtually non-detectable bugs; we've even matched
  the fabric cover on some of them so they match the sofas in the target rooms. 
Get in, get out, get gone. 
God, I hope this works. 
"The security wires are twined
  with the cable, phone, and electrical cords on the roof. Except for the cameras;
  those are wired through a box near the fireplace." A diagram now, that I've
  already memorized, but I'll be studying it for most of tonight, and I'll look
  at it again tomorrow before we go. 
We go through the plans again,
  and again, until I know Frank's path through the house almost as well as he
  does. We debated, a while back, whether or not this would be safer to do by
  daylight, when the owner of the house was out, and Frank could wear utility
  clothes&ndash;electrician, plumber, something&ndash;to explain away his presence
  if he gets caught. The fact is, the house is busy just about every hour of
  the day, and while the security presence is heavier at night, fewer people
  are actually walking around the house. 
Besides, the whole undercover
  bit only works in the movies. 
We finish at about two am; there's
  preparation, and then there's over-preparation. No more coffee, either; I need
  the caffeine out of my system before I try to sleep. 
I sit in the living room when
  we're done, staring at a book that I can make neither heads nor tails of. Louis
  L'Amour usually holds my interest, but for some reason, the vision of an estate
  crawling with professional bad guys keeps flitting through my mind. 
Frank sighs and lowers his book
  to his lap. 
"You ready, Ange?" 
"Yes." I am, really. I could not
  possibly be more prepared for this. We've planned, we've trained...and all
  that's left are the pre-mission jitters. 
"Think about something else, Ange-girl." 
I laugh, but it comes out sour. "Like
  what?" 
I can almost hear him thinking&ndash;dammit,
    we're going to have to talk&ndash;and I put my book down, reaching for
    my umpteenth cigarette of the night. "It's just jitters, Frank. I know the
    drill. We're as ready as we'll ever be." 
"You tell yourself that." He's
  perceptive, is Frank. "Where do you see yourself in five years?" 
The change of subject is almost
  too fast for me, and the answer that pops into my head is, dead, most likely. There's
  no point in trying to lie. 
"Doing this, or dead," I say softly,
  and take a long drag. 
He nods, leaning forward, elbows
  on his knees, hands together. "Probably. Why do you do it now? And don't ask
  me what else you would do if you weren't doing this. We both know you've got
  options." 
You, mostly. That I definitely
  won't say. "I guess...it needs to be done." The answer surprises me, because
  it's true. "No one else is nailing these people, and the world would be a helluva
  lot better off without them." 
It's more than that for him, and
  we both know it. Revenge. His vendetta. Against the people that killed his
  family, and against all others like them. It's motivation, it's a cause, it's
  a solution to a problem that's not being addressed. "You don't like knowing
  that what you're doing is likely to get you killed. Soon." 
I sigh. 
"There are other jobs that could
  get me killed just as easily, but people still do them. Cops. Firemen. Soldiers." I
  smile crookedly. "It's the same old question, though&ndash;if you know something's
  going to kill you, why keep doing it?" 
"Because it has to be done." He
  stands, rotates his shoulders. "You knew all this coming in, Ange, but I don't
  think you believe it. I think you're afraid, and I think that you're reluctant.
  I think you're afraid to die doing this." 
"Who wants to be shot?" I say,
  but the challenge pricks my pride. "I've taken two bullets, and you've taken
  what, eight? That I know of? It's slow suicide, and yeah, that makes me uncomfortable." 
He stares at me a minute, blue
  eyes narrowing, and strips off his shirt. 
"Come here, girl. You'll need
  the light to see this." 
The sight of his naked upper body
  has rattled all thoughts from my head. This, too, was entirely unexpected.
  It takes me a minute to get up. 
Close up, and in the fluorescent
  lights, I can see lines and dimples that I hadn't noticed before. 
"I took this three missions ago," he
  says flatly, tracing a line from his right shoulder to his collarbone. "Switchblade.
  These three&ndash;" dimples just left of his navel "&ndash;were from a Beretta,
  two months ago. A Glock 37, something you should be very familiar with, that
  damn near took my arm off last year. A submachine gun caught me across the
  shin sixteen months ago. Someone caught me in the back with a fucking sword
  just before you joined me. I've still got shrapnel in my left shoulder from
  one of my own goddamn frag grenades. A sniper nailed me right between the shoulder
  blades, and I would've been dead if I hadn't been wearing a flak jacket. One
  of us is going to die, eventually, and if it's you, I'll keep going. If it's
  me..." He shrugs back into his shirt, glowering. "What're you going to do,
  Ange? Is it worth it? You say it needs to be done...if I don't do it, who will?"  
He tugs his tank top back over
  his head, and catches my chin painfully, thumb and fingers digging into the
  sides of my face. His eyes are piercing. 
"Is this what you want? Is the
  sacrifice worth it? The pain, the knowledge that one day one of us won't be
  fast enough? Would you give your life for this?" 
The clock ticks, suddenly loudly,
  and I feel myself nodding slowly, my will hardening. If Frank can do this,
  wear the scars that he does, can I do less for him? And, I think with a pang,
  if I can keep him alive that much longer, I will. 
"Yes," I say finally. His hand
  drops from my face, and I fight the urge to wiggle my jaw. "Yes, I will." 
Midnight. Outside the estate in
  the Hamptons, which is an hour and a half from the Pit. I park the van two
  streets down, about ten minutes away, walking. We are both wearing black, and
  stocking caps that cover all but eyes and mouth. If we are seen, if we have
  to run, it's best to not be identified. 
Frank has traded his leather jacket
  for a black shirt of almost the same material as the caps; tight to his body,
  with pockets bagging every which way. His rifle is slung over his back, and
  he has two 9mm pistols, one at each hip, a derringer in his boot, switchblades
  in his pants pockets, and even a few poison-tipped throwing knives, on the
  off-chance he has to kill quickly and silently. Killing, however, will be avoided
  at all costs tonight.  
My clothes are similar, but I
  have a lightweight pack on my back that holds my laptop and tools. My only
  weapons are the Glock at my hip, and a few knives. I'm getting better at throwing
  them, but I'm not that good yet. 
The estate is surrounded by a
  high stone wall, and the side we're entering holds the orchard and the gardens.
  We should be able to get to the side of the house without being seen, and then
  Frank will throw a rope around the chimney and haul me up. Once I'm in position,
  he'll go in through a window. 
In the van, we test the microphones,
  and every piece of mechanical equipment we're taking. I check the battery on
  my laptop, the light of my flashlight, I re-check my toolkit to make sure I
  have everything. 
We're ready to go. 
Getting in is easy. It's getting
  out that may be complicated. 
We get to the house with no problem,
  though it feels like the skin is trying to crawl off my shoulders as we stand,
  exposed, next to the wall. Frank throws the rope and it arcs up and around,
  the other end slithering around the chimney and back down to us. 
I tie a clip onto the rope and
  then clip the rope to the harness around my waist. Frank hauls me upward, and
  I lean forward as I go, catching myself silently against the wall with my hands,
  rather than bumping along with my feet. I reach the roof and pull myself up,
  one leg, then the rest. I take rope and clip and drop them silently to the
  ground below. Having a rope dangling down the side of the house would be a
  dead giveaway if someone were to wander by. Frank rolls the rope up, using
  the clip to secure it, and loops it over one shoulder. 
"Good to go," I murmur into my
  microphone, watching Frank melt into the shadows. 
The roof is flat and a balustrade
  winds around the top. On my side, the chimney, and on the opposite side, the
  stairs, down through a door and into the house. On the side of the stairs,
  the box that controls all the security systems. The roof itself is littered
  with caf&eacute; tables, chairs, and tiki lights.  
I move along the balustrade, almost
  flat, and low enough that the eight inches of concrete between balustrade and
  roof mostly hides me. Every noise is magnified until even my breathing seems
  loud. I reach the box and open it, wishing the moon were out. A flashlight
  on a dark night can be seen a mile away. 
I hold the small light between
  my teeth, sucking on the end occasionally as I swallow. You'd be surprised
  how often you need to swallow, especially when you're terrified. 
Not thinking about what I'm doing
  is the only way I'll get through this. 
"Focus, Ange-girl." Frank's voice
  crackles quietly through the microphone, and I dig through the wires, snipping
  here, tying off there, and bringing one out to hook up to my laptop. The alarms
  first, then the motion sensors, then the cameras. I use a splitter on the cameras,
  which freezes the picture for an instant. Doesn't shut it off, though; that
  would be as good as standing up and screaming, 'we're here! Come shoot us!" 
I let the tape roll for five minutes,
  my laptop recording the images. Not only will it record the images, but I can
  watch on a split screen what's actually there, and what I'm letting the guards
  see. Technology is a wonderful thing. 
Five more minutes, and there should
  be enough variety for the cameras. 
"Got it," I whisper. "Go." 
"Roger that." 
On the first floor, Frank slithers
  through a window, and I can see him on one of my cameras. He enters the library,
  and he places a bug one the underside of a shelf, far in the back. Unless they
  decide it's time for spring cleaning between now and the meeting, they'll never
  find it. 
The next room is down the hall,
  and I switch from camera to camera as he moves. 
"Hall, right hand side. Incoming." I
  murmur, and Frank ducks back into a doorway, nearly invisible. The guard passes
  by, into the left side of the hall, and Frank moves. He doesn't dare even whisper
  to me now. 
The living room, next, an enormous
  room with a brick fireplace. He's still on the first floor, on the opposite
  side of the building from me. No where to hide in that room, for that matter.
  The guards pass through every ten minutes, and he's got about five left before
  they come through again. He slides the bug underneath one couch, sticking it
  on the inside of the apron. 
I'm holding my breath again. It's
  a terrible habit. 
Steps sweep out down one side
  of the living room, and he glides up the steps like a ghost, moving along walls
  once he gets to the second floor. The office is on the second floor, halfway
  down the hall. The problem is, the whole second floor is one long hallway,
  with nowhere to hide. If he's going to get caught, it'll be now. 
"Get up, girly." 
It takes me a long minute to realize
  that the voice didn't come through the microphone. 
I hit the power button on the
  laptop as I turn around, and the cameras are gone, routed back to their original
  programs. It's a calculated risk. Let the goons up here see Frank on my cameras,
  or let Frank try to dodge the cameras downstairs. 
I move my hands slowly to the
  back of my head, a thumb length away from a blade that runs the length of my
  back in a spine sheath. Unobtrusively, I try to work the microphone away from
  my mouth as I turn. If I'm lucky, they'll take the microphone with the hood
  if they pull it off. 
Two guards stand behind me, one
  medium height and blond, the other cadaverous and bald. Both have pistols,
  and both pistols are pointed at my face. 
"See what she's playing with,
  Jack," says the blond. "Stand up, bitch. Against the wall." 
I obey, slowly, my mind working
  furiously. If Jack knows anything about cameras, we're fucked. Just seeing
  that I was messing with them means that I, or someone else, was planning to
  go inside. I waste a second to wonder how the hell they knew I was up here,
  but that's really not important. The important thing is figuring out how to
  get out of this. 
Once I'm against the wall, I'm
  done. Blondie will pat me down for weapons, take them all, and either start
  asking questions, or shoot me. There's no lie to cover this one. 
The thought has hardly gone through
  my mind when I act. No time for Blondie to see it in my eyes, no time for him
  to move&ndash;I throw myself away from his pistol and draw the long knife from
  my back. His pistol spits fire, an inch from my foot, and I sweep his arm aside
  with my left hand as I stab upward, wrenching the knife in a line from his
  belly to his chest. It catches on his sternum and I yank it out, arcing around
  to where Jack's head was a second ago. He's moved, but not enough. The knife
  catches him on the side of his neck and sticks on his spine. Not enough power
  to go all the way through. 
I grab my pistol and shoot him,
  knowing already that Frank and I are screwed. 
I wipe the knife clean on Blondie's
  clothes, sheath it, and shoot him too, just to be on the safe side. My pistol
  has a silencer. Blondie's didn't. They'll all know we are here now. 
My ears ringing from the shots,
  I yank the microphone back up to my mouth. 
"&ndash;of a bitch," Frank is
  finishing in a harsh whisper. "How the fuck did they see you?" 
"How the fuck should I know?" I
  hiss back, shoving the wires back into the box and putting a bullet in my laptop.
  I don't have time to wipe it clean. It and my tools go back in the sack, and
  I sling it over my shoulders, hearing footsteps thudding up the stairs. "They
  haven't found you yet, Frank, but they've got me." 
"You got enough ammo?" 
I've used three rounds, and I've
  got two more magazines on me. Seven rounds left in this one for a total of
  twenty-seven bullets. How many bad guys could there possibly be? Don't answer
  that. 
"For the moment," I say, picking
  a position behind one of the caf&eacute; tables, near the wall, on my belly.
  I should be able to pick them off one by one as they come out the door. I ease
  my breath out, and wait. 
I don't wait long. 
One appears, backlit by the fluorescent
  lights of the stairwell, and I sight, breathe, double-tap him, head and chest.
  Five rounds. 
Another one. Double-tap. Three
  rounds. 
Reload. It's not a universal rule
  for hired goons, but some of them do get smarter, and if I have more than one
  show up, I'll need more than three rounds. 
"Frank?" I whisper, forcing myself
  to relax. No shooting stance is meant to be maintained indefinitely, and the
  prone position out and out sucks for it. At least, with a pistol. Not so bad
  with a rifle. 
"I'm still in the office," he
  breathes, "In a corner, under the camera. What's it look like up there?" 
"I think there's a camera on me.
  It might be somewhere that it just caught my feet from that corner," I whisper, "which
  is why it took them a while to notice it. They can see me now, and more are
  coming. And based on where I was when they caught me, they'll be sweeping the
  house, just in case."  
My eyes are straining to see something,
  anything, in the stairwell. I doubt I'll hear them this time. They'll move
  quiet, they'll stay down and on the wall. And if one of them lies down on the
  stairs, he'll have cover. The table legs in front of me aren't much protection. 
"Can you get out?" I hiss. 
"Not without blowing the mission," he
  says grimly, and I know what he means. Stealth is no longer an option. They'll
  look high and low for bugs now, and maybe find them, maybe not. But there won't
  be any meetings in this house until they do. 
I scan for the camera, and the
  light from the stairwell reflects off something in a potted plant in the corner.
  The lens? I put a bullet in it. It'd be nice if I believed for a moment that
  was the only camera. 
Concrete bursts in front of me,
  and I hear the shot almost simultaneously. Shit. 
My options are limited. Jump off
  the roof&ndash;four stories&ndash;and take my chances, return fire until I
  run out of ammo, or try to move to a more protected position. My eyes flick
  back to the corner where Blondie and Jack are splattered all over the ground.
  If I get there quick and the bad guys come out after me, I may nail them and
  be able to get downstairs. Downstairs is the only way out. And I need to do
  it before reinforcements arrive. 
I move, fast, running crouched
  over, rolling, jumping&ndash;I probably look like a lunatic, but if they can
  track me, I'm toast. Bullets cut the air around me, below me, and I roll into
  the corner, pistol up and turned as I land. They fall all over themselves to
  get me, and I barely hit one before the other has his pistol around the corner
  of the door. I jerk back and right, the bullet tagging the balustrade in passing,
  and catch him between the eyes. 
The third one rolls out, and I
  miss on the first shot, and catch him in the shoulder with the second. I lunge
  flat and tap him in the chest, and again in the head as he crumples down. Four
  rounds left. 
I waste no time in getting down
  the stairs, and down to the third floor hallway. 
Bullets sound through the microphone
  and the house, and I jerk back. It costs me a second of concentration, and
  that's all it takes. 
Hands catch me from behind, on
  my arm and on my leg, grab and throw, slamming me into the wall. My breath
  goes out and I shoot blindly, falling to the floor with stars in my eyes. A
  second pistol shot, an instant after mine, and heat and flame stab into my
  right leg, just above my knee. 
"Son of a bitch!" I shoot
  again, and again, gasping for breath. Push myself up on legs that no longer
  want to cooperate, but the adrenaline is pumping, and I don't have time to
  be afraid. One round left. 
An explosion rocks the floor beneath
  me, and I stagger, almost falling, and swear as I try to catch myself on the
  injured leg. I haven't looked at it yet, and I don't want to. Blood is already
  slipping down, pooling in my tennis shoe. I can't even hear Frank's voice in
  the microphone; the gunshots are too loud. 
The stairs from the third floor
  to the second are in the middle of this hallway, and I limp toward it, kicking
  a very dead bad guy out of my way. I don't know which bullet did what, but
  his head's a mess. With a curse, I slide the last magazine home. 
I move more carefully now, taking
  the corners wide and low. From the sounds below me, I'd bet that most of the
  bad guys are dealing with Frank. Good for me, bad for us. 
Two of them are in front of me
  as I come down the stairs. Didn't even watch their backs, I think, tagging
  them both in the head. I belly crawl as I approach the landing. Hmm. No one
  to watch my back here, either. Not good. 
The shots die down, and I poke
  my head out of the landing, yank it back in. No shots. Either they're sneaky,
  or they're dead. 
"Frank?" I whisper. 
"Yeah." His voice is tired. 
"What's the situation?" 
"I'm pinned down. First floor,
  behind the couches in the living room. I've got one grenade left, plenty of
  ammo." 
Didn't know he had grenades on
  him. He's just full of surprises. 
"I'm on the second floor landing," I
  whisper, sitting up and ripping a strip off the bottom of my shirt for a tourniquet. "Twelve
  rounds left. If I can get behind them, I can take some of them out." I tie
  off just above the wound, grateful that it's too dark to see. 
"There's a group of them down
  the hallway," he whispers back. "The grenade'll nail them, but I've got one
  in the foyer and one in the sunroom." 
The stairs I'm on go down to the
  dining room, which is behind the foyer. 
"That'll work," I say. "Clear
  the hallway, and I'll take the one in the foyer. We'll go out through the sunroom,
  if you can nail that sonuvabitch in the confusion." 
The sunroom leads out into the
  gardens, and east of there, to the orchard where we entered. 
"I caught some bullets, Ange-girl.
  Do it quick," he says. 
"Roger that." I don't even dare
  think about it, not now. If he says he'll clear the hall, then he'll do it.
  We'll worry about the rest later. I slide down the steps, ignoring the pain,
  ignoring the persistent drip of my blood on the carpet. 
The stairs curve and I drop to
  my belly and slither down the last few, watching the door to my right and the
  foyer to my left. Whatever else the bad guys are doing, they're not communicating.
  No one's watching for me. I crawl under the dining room table just as the one
  in the foyer is turning. Shit. 
"Now," I hiss, and fire, catching
  him. A second later, the hallway next to me explodes. 
I get up and run, praying that
  the grenade did its job, praying that no one managed to hide from Frank. He
  is shooting as I come around the corner, and I drop and roll next to him, my
  arms around him and pushing us both up and toward the sunroom. No time to think,
  no time to breathe. His blood is slippery on my arm, and I don't want to know
  how many bullets he's got in him. We run, spilling out into the gardens, bullets
  spitting into the earth behind us. Into the orchard, over the wall, and out
  into the street. Cars screech behind us, and I duck into the wooded area near
  the estate. 
It takes an eternity to reach
  the van, and Frank is stumbling when it comes into sight. The moon is up now,
  and my hands and arms are dark with his blood. 
"Get in," he wheezes, lunging
  for the side door, and I throw myself toward the driver's seat, fumbling with
  the keys. Frank lands heavily on the floor behind me, and slams the side door
  shut. 
Fuck.  
16 November 2003 
Retrospective Addition to the Punisher's War Journal 
I tumbled out of the van, weapon
  naked in my hand. Call it a security blanket, but the last thing I wanted to
  do was put it away. 
I had to, though, to haul Frank
  out of the back of the van. His breathing was shallow, his pulse thready. God.
  God. 
I touched his face, my hands instantly
  slick with his blood. So much blood. Slipped my arm under his arm, and hauled
  him up. If he hadn't helped, I never could have done it. 
"Can you get down the ladder?" 
"Have to," he said through gritted
  teeth, and staggered toward it. If he went down, that was it. I'd have to put
  him back together on the floor of the garage. Couldn't think of it. We would get
  down the ladder. Had to. 
I went down before him, hoping,
  in some insane way, to catch him if he slipped. Or at least cushion him when
  we both hit the deck twenty feet below. He managed, though I'd never heard
  such sounds from a man's throat before. He wavered at the bottom, and would
  have gone down, if I hadn't stood in front of him and put everything I had
  into holding that two hundred pounds up. 
"Just to the table. Frank, ten
  steps, tops," I babbled, and he barely made it. His eyes rolled back in his
  head the second he reached it, and he fell face-down, spilled halfway across.
  I went to the far side, grabbed the shoulders of his leather jacket, and yanked
  until my back popped all the way down. The table slid forward and he slid back.
  I'd worry about turning him over later. Blood was spilling off the sides of
  the table. 
I had sense enough to wipe my
  hands on my shirt before I grabbed the medical books off the shelf, and yanked
  the heavy bandaging and surgical kits over to him. If any one of the bullets
  had hit something vital, we were sunk. I could pull the bullets out, but I
  was definitely not up to stitching major organs back together. 
I could hear his voice in my head: "Stop
  telling me what you fucking can't do and get to it, girl." 
As angry as he'd be later, there
  was no time to try to tug the jacket and shirt off of him, and it would just
  make things worse if I flopped him about in the effort. I cut through both,
  the leather separating unwillingly and falling to the floor with the clunk
  of many weapons. I hoped they were all safed; another bullet in either of us
  would not improve matters. His black t-shirt pulled apart more willingly. 
I hissed through my teeth and
  surveyed the damage. Two through the right shoulder, one through the left,
  where the armor was weak. One straight through his left thigh, and one in the
  small of his back, to the right of the base of his spine. The armor had caught
  most of it, but it was an ugly flesh wound. His arms were striped with bullets
  that had grazed him. How they had missed a head shot, I'll never know. 
Praying he wore boxers, or at
  the very least briefs, I cut through his jeans as well, tugging the shoes off
  his feet. I yanked the cap off a bottle of iodine with my teeth and poured
  it over anything that looked bloody, and followed it up with peroxide. I hit
  the wound just above my own knee in passing, though between the tourniquet
  and the tight jeans, I was in much better shape than he was. My only concern
  was that I would get too weak to take care of him. 
The next five hours were the longest
  of my life. Thanking a benevolent Father that Frank was still out, I probed
  and yanked, searching for the bullets. Looking for the fragments of the one
  in his back scared the hell out of me, so I did that first, using a spreader
  to hold back the edges of the wound and probing with fingers that were a lot
  steadier than I felt. I found some of the fragments easily, and pulled them
  out, then burrowed deeper to make sure I hadn't missed anything. I silently
  blessed the fluorescent lights. 
The wound in his thigh concerned
  me; it was very high up, and missed the femoral artery by maybe an inch. After
  stitching the mangled wound at his back together, I did a cursory examination
  of the thigh wound. The bullet had clearly gone straight through, though the
  exit wound was messy. If the shot had been closer range, Frank could've easily
  lost the leg. I dumped more iodine on him and stitched the back together. 
Shoulders. Probed, found, pulled,
  cleansed, stitch. I hoped to God I could get him turned over; my hands were
  starting to shake, and my own blood was pooling on the floor. Nothing compared
  to his. I slid my hands under him at his waist and pulled upward with all my
  strength, shoving him up and over. His lashes never flickered. 
The front was easier, but only
  because the wounds there were smaller. Some bullets go in small, but go out
  big. In like a penny, out like a pizza, as they say. Frank had been lucky.
  I repeated the process on the front that I had done on the back, and then wiped
  the blood off the table around him as best I could. No point in soaking the
  bandages with blood from the table; he'd soak them well enough all on his own. 
He was a mass of linen and cotton
  pads when I was done, from shoulder to shoulder, around his midsection and
  thigh, and from wrist to shoulder. Fortunately, few of the wounds on his arms
  needed stitching. By the time I got to them, I was shaking too badly to manage
  it. Blood loss, shock, hell, pure terror&ndash;I was done. 
And there was still plenty of
  unpleasantness left over for me. 
I sat down on the floor, tried
  for a few minutes to get my bloodsoaked jeans over my hips. No go. Gray lights
  were starting to flicker at the edge of my vision, so I cut the jeans off and
  stared at the wound. In like a penny, out like a pizza. Getting the back of
  my leg pieced together was going to be a bitch. 
I hate stitches. Muscles in my
  leg jumped repeatedly as I worked on it, doing my level best to pretend it
  was someone else's leg. The only upside was that the wound itself hurt so much,
  stitches were only adding insult to injury. And the back&ndash;Christ, what
  a mess, awkward as hell to put together. I found some of the dissolving thread
  and bit off a length, working on the inner wound first. The outside, so long
  as I hadn't pulled too much muscle apart, would be a nasty scar, but I didn't
  think I'd be lame. 
I fumbled for the antibiotic shots,
  my hands clumsy. I was going to pass out. Not yet. 
Too dizzy for modesty, I tugged
  the blessed boxers down and jabbed him twice in the backside with the shots,
  then nailed myself with one. Hurrah for penicillin. 
I don't remember the time between
  standing and the floor, but everything went dark very quickly. 
I have no idea how long we were
  both out. But I woke to a gently insistent nudge, and opened my eyes to see
  Frank's face hanging off the table. Pale, and haggard, but alive. 
"Ange. Ange-girl." Relief was
  plain in his voice when he saw me move. "Get me the crutches, girl." 
"You'll split your shoulders," I
  said weakly. I was still dizzy, and I thought I would be sick. Blood loss will
  do that to you. Out of my head, I tried to get up, and managed to roll over
  on my stomach. My bad knee hit the floor and I flipped onto my back, clutching
  it. "Motherfucker!" 
The world went fuzzy for a bit,
  and Frank's face was still hanging over the table when I came to, but he had
  mercifully passed out again. It seemed like the thing to do, but I hadn't bandaged
  my own leg yet, and blood was still seeping from the wound. Not fast enough
  to kill me, but it wasn't helping matters. I crawled to the bandage kit and
  pulled out another roll, wrapping it clumsily and tucking the top in. I was
  soaked in blood from lying in a pool on the floor, my hair matted with it,
  my shirt and panties nearly dripping with it. Well, we were even then; I'd
  seen his boxers. But there was no way we could both keep lying here and passing
  out. We needed fluids. He needed an IV. And of the two of us, I was in better
  shape, though in the loosest possible definition of the term. 
I popped a Percocet into my mouth,
  and rummaged for the IV. Trying to find a vein in his arm would be interesting,
  but I'd tackle that problem when I got to it. Figures. The IVs were stashed
  in the bottom of the box, and I had to tip the whole thing over to get to them.
  I crawled back over to Frank, thought about it, and crawled off to find the
  crutches. He couldn't use them, but I could. 
They helped, but I nearly blacked
  out again when I tried to stand. Deep breaths, use the wall for support&ndash;it
  was funny how often I heard Frank's voice in my head. "Easy, Ange-girl.
  You can do this." 
Hobbling&ndash;I may not have
  taken bullets in my shoulders, but I had been chucked into a wall or two&ndash;I
  made it back to Frank. Nauseous as hell, but I would not throw up. Not yet,
  and definitely not on him. I had to drop to one knee to find the IV, cotton
  balls, and sports tape, my bad leg bent out straight behind me. I tugged, tightened,
  and jabbed him&ndash;with his veins, it wasn't that hard&ndash;then taped the
  IV to him. The IV had some powerful painkillers in it. 
There was one last thing to do,
  and then I could pass out. If they came looking, they could have the van, but
  I had to seal the chute against them. There were two doors, top and bottom,
  both built to withstand a nuclear blast. This whole place, actually, had been
  a fallout shelter during the Cold War. Lucky us, to find it. 
Climbing the ladder to get to
  the top one was going to be interesting. 
I stared up the dark chute for
  a long moment, remembering how I'd descended earlier. One rung at a time, weight
  on my arms. If I were strong enough to pull myself up, just using my good leg
  for balance, I could do it. 
Rung by rung, I managed it, and
  my arms were trembling uncontrollably when I reached the top. I twisted the
  door shut and hung there for a bit, willing the trembling to stop, resting
  my weight on my good leg. Going down would be no easier than going up, but
  falling would be bad. I gulped in a breath and slithered back down. It felt
  like red-hot pokers were stabbing directly into my biceps. 
Frank kept MREs scattered around,
  boxes of them, and I tugged one out and wolfed down some crackers, ignoring
  the jalapeno cheese for once. Crackers helped; anything spicy would have been
  the final insult to my stomach. I felt like shit. I also wanted to be clean
  more than anything else I've ever wanted in my life, but didn't think I was
  up to standing in the shower. Passing out sounded good. I did.  
I awakened later from dreams of
  ambush, gunshots, and leprechauns. 
Percocet is funny that way. 
The pain has faded to a distant
  presence, and I almost forgot the crutches when I stood. Frank was still out,
  breathing regularly, and I thoughtfully tugged his boxers back up, wondering
  how the hell I would get him to his bed. He couldn't very well lie on the table
  until he recovered. I glanced at the clock&ndash;nine am. God knew how long
  we'd been passing out. I had no idea what time we'd been ambushed, but it seemed
  like another lifetime. 
Shower first. Let Frank rest,
  and if he didn't wake up on his own, I'd have to try and wake him and get him
  to crutch his way into the bedroom. It could be done. 
And I didn't want to think about
  it right now, anyway. 
The water stung as I washed, slushing
  pink down the drain. I tried to hold my leg out in front of me to keep the
  bandage dry, or at least the soap off of it, and nearly succeeded. It needed
  to be changed anyway; and so did Frank's. I closed my eyes briefly, willing
  thoughts and plans away, washing my hair. It hurt to move. I could see the
  bruises darkening around one bicep, and could only imagine what my back and
  shoulders looked like. Didn't want to know, honestly. 
Clean, dry, the bandage changed
  and my bloody clothes shoved into a plastic bag, I felt mildly better. The
  Percocet was wearing off, and the pain was sharp and immediate. I couldn't
  take another one yet, though. I needed a clear head to get Frank into his bed&ndash;on
  that thought, I spread some old, thick blankets on top of his mattress, and
  sprayed the white top sheet with antibacterial cleaner. Hopefully we could
  keep his blood off the mattress, but I anticipated some stitches going when
  he moved, no matter how careful we were. 
I washed the blood from his hair
  and body, then changed the bandages. Not as bloody as I'd feared, but still
  a nasty job. He was coming around when I started mopping the blood up from
  the floor&ndash;unsanitary, it was, and I was postponing moving him for as
  long as I could come up with excuses not to&ndash;and he rolled his head toward
  me. I'd flipped him over onto his back again when I washed his hair, and he
  was more pale than I liked to see. 
"Ready to move?" He whispered,
  apparently capable of mind-reading even when he was doped to the gills. I nodded,
  setting the mop aside. 
It wasn't easy, but we managed.
  He took one crutch, I the other, and I looped my arm under him. His left thigh,
  my right knee&ndash;between the two of us, we had one set of healthy legs.
  He stopped in the bathroom on the way, and then collapsed into bed, shaking
  and whiter than his sheets. No stitches torn; a minor miracle. 
I taped the IV to the wall and
  checked the level, checked him over to make absolutely sure we hadn't done
  any further damage. Aside from the five bullet holes in him, he was doing fine. 
It was nearly noon now, and I
  was hungry. I was exhausted. I hurt&ndash;my leg was a throbbing and consistent
  agony, and my shoulders ached. I needed a Percocet. I needed sleep. I needed
  to not think about this whole God-awful mess. 
Frank was dozing already when
  I checked his temperature, a cool hand on a cooler forehead. I would finish
  mopping, and then I would sleep. I hobbled to the table, and dumped water and
  soap on the floor, scrubbing up as best I could without kneeling down. It looked
  better, anyway, and with both of us bandaged, clean, and most likely going
  to live, I needed the last reminders of this horrible night gone. Pretend hard
  enough that it didn't happen, and I might forget it altogether. 
I considered taking two Percocets,
  but given the dreams one had caused&ndash;I dry swallowed one and hobbled into
  Frank's room. Normally I would have respected his privacy, but if he woke and
  needed me, I couldn't hear him call from my room. Or, if he didn't wake and
  needed me... 
I slipped into bed beside him,
  tucking the sheets in around his mostly nude body and lay down on top of them,
  a heavy lassitude sweeping my limbs. I was asleep before my head touched the
  pillow. 
I woke from bad dreams to feel
  a finger delicately tracing my back. Not enough to hurt the bruises there,
  but I gasped in pain when I rolled over to see Frank staring at me. 
"You're lucky you didn't crush
  your spine," he said mildly. 
"How bad is it?" 
His lips twisted. "You'll have
  those bruises for a while, Ange-girl." 
Ange-girl. For a while there,
  I'd thought I might never hear him say that again. I started to shake. 
There's only so long you can keep
  it in, if you're hurt. Or terrified. Or exhausted. You may not cry, but your
  body finds other ways to let it out. I hid my face in the pillow and breathed
  deeply, almost willing myself to smother. I wanted none of it to have happened,
  but what I want rarely has anything to do with what happens. 
Frank grunted as he reached for
  me, pulling my head onto his shoulder. 
"You'll tear your stitches," I
  sniffed, forcing the tears back. I had never cried in front of him, not once,
  and I was sure as hell not going to fall apart now. 
"Try not to," he murmured, running
  his fingers through my hair carefully. He sighed. "Go ahead, if you need to." 
Caresses and kindness from Frank
  Castle. The floodgates burst. 
I didn't catch half of what he
  said&ndash;soothing nonsense, most of it. Threats of terrible vengeance would
  come later. For now, he let me cry, which was what I needed, and he comforted
  me, which was what he needed. Neither of us could have hurt a sick kitten at
  the moment, but it helped him to take care of me, I suppose. 
After an aeon, the tears dried
  up and I reached for a Kleenex from his bedside table, mopping up the worst
  of it. It hurt to breathe. Hurt to move. You never appreciate your back until
  it goes out on you. 
Frank pulled me to him, and I
  fell asleep there, asking God very sincerely to not let me dream.  
The next few days were agony for
  both of us. Bandage changing, rummaging for IVs, and the promised bruises had
  come in full black and purple glory, and hurt worse than when I'd sustained
  them. Frank's temperature rose for one frightening night, and I jabbed him
  full of antibiotics and prayed. More bruises had appeared on my face and arms&ndash;I
  guess from the grip shortly before I had been thrown into the walls&ndash;and
  the wound on the back of my leg was not healing as well as I'd hoped. It was
  a mangled mess, and I wasn't sure what I could do about it. How the hell do
  you sew up the back of your leg? 
I was also getting claustrophobic.
  I had sense enough to know that neither of us were going anywhere for a long,
  long time, but the Pit was getting cramped. 
And Frank was a blanket hog. 
I had yet to return to my own
  bed, though by now, I could have. Frank was becoming increasingly capable of
  seeing to himself, but I was loathe to leave the comfort of his bed or arms.
  Nor had he expressed any interest in my leaving. It was a new and tremulous
  thing, and I was afraid to acknowledge it, and potentially destroy it. 
I was meditatively eating crackers
  with jalapeno cheese when I heard a grunt from the bedroom, followed by a vicious
  oath. 
"Motherfucking son of a bitch!" He
  has a way with words, does Frank. 
I hobbled in, and he was sitting
  on the edge of the bed so stiffly that I was sure he must have torn something
  and was trying not to do further damage. 
"Give me one of those fucking
  crutches," he growled, and hobbled into the bathroom. A little ridiculous,
  the crutch; it was set for my height, so it was more a hopping than limping
  motion, but whatever made him feel more secure. He emerged a moment later,
  leaning on the doorjamb on his least injured side. "It's been a week, Ange.
  We missed it." 
"Missed what?" 
He snarled wordlessly and hopped
  back to bed. "An opportunity." 
I could think of nothing to say
  to that, so I sat beside him. "There were some unforeseen limiting factors," I
  finally offered. 
He stared at me for a moment,
  and then an honest-to-God smile flashed across his face. 
"Limiting factors?" 
I nodded somberly, and he laughed,
  full-throated, and gasped in pain. "Christ, Ange-girl, don't make me laugh." I
  smiled, and almost bent to kiss him, stopped myself barely in time. What the
  hell was I doing? 
His face went still, and he knew.
  Fuck. 
I looked away, grasping desperately
  for something to say, anything, that would change this, hide it. He caught
  my chin carefully, mindful of the bruises, and brought my face down to his. 
Every thought spun out of my mind
  beneath the touch of his lips, and my hair spilled over my shoulders. He caught
  it back, bringing me even closer, until I was almost lying on him&ndash;carefully&ndash;and
  drowning in him. He broke it off, staring at me from inches away. 
"I've wanted to do that forever." 
"And you waited this long?" I
  murmured, bringing my face down to his again. 
The next day, Frank judged himself
  sound enough to work on the back of my leg. Without anaesthetic, it was not
  going to be a pleasant process. 
Biting on a wadded-up t-shirt,
  I lay face down on the table and tried not to think about what was about to
  happen, or to see the tools laid out beside me. Frank raised the table high
  enough that he didn't have to bend, and balanced himself on one crutch, half
  of a second, larger set that I had recently located. He washed his hands, dipped
  them in iodine, and poured it over the back of my leg and on the tools. Delicately,
  he began to cut. 
I tried very hard not to scream.
  He's explained the process, in detail, which I had not wanted to know. 
Sweat poured down my forehead,
  and my hands shook with the effort of keeping the rest of my body still. The
  clock ticked loudly, second by second, like a Chinese water torture, and I
  swore to myself that when I got out of this hole, I was buying some anaesthetic.
  I was never going through this again. In the meantime, I was going to break
  the goddamn clock. 
After a year, Frank laid the scalpel
  down and took up the needle and thread. 
"Almost done," he murmured, and
  stitched three parallel lines deftly. Dumped more iodine, and followed it up
  with peroxide, which burned. I clamped down on the shirt. 
"Done." 
"I think I'll just lie here a
  bit, thanks," I said through the t-shirt, and he laughed, bent carefully to
  kiss the back of my neck. 
"Good girl," he said, and hopped
  off to wash the tools. 
Frank's stitches came out in three
  weeks, and mine a week after that. And Frank was all business, pushing himself,
  and me, just hard enough to worry me. Running. Weights. Flexibility exercises.
  It was not the first time either of us had taken bullets, but it was the first
  time we'd taken them this badly, and simultaneously. He meant to never let
  it happen again. A praiseworthy goal, but his focus was not heartening. He
  wrote almost obsessively in his war journal, dissecting the mission that had
  gone so terribly wrong. 
To quote, it was poor intelligence.
  And the general perversity of people who know they're about to die, and therefore
  have nothing to lose. Although, in this case, it was us who'd nearly bit the
  dust. 
Whatever he was planning, it was
  big. It was revenge. And no one does revenge better than Frank Castle. 
Within the first week, Frank had
  a schedule. Heal. Train. Prepare. Punish. 
He was nothing if not dedicated. 
And I wanted them, oh, I could
  taste it. I could put bullets in them and enjoy it. With every painful step,
  with every glimpse of the slow-fading bruises, with every pain-induced curse,
  I thought about the ones who had done this to me. To Frank. The ones who had
  hurt me and made me afraid&ndash;they would pay. 
But still, I could not be as lost
  in this thirst for vengeance as Frank was. Always in the back of my mind was
  the voice that asked, and then what? 
Another mission. And another.
  Until the next time we were slow, we got sloppy, we got misinformed. Eventually,
  one or both of us would die. If Frank died, I was fairly certain I would follow
  in short order. If I died, Frank would continue, until he joined me. It was
  only a matter of time, and how much damage the two of us could do on the way
  out. 
We were fighting a war we couldn't
  possibly win, a war of attrition that could only end one way. I knew this,
  and I knew Frank would never stop. And I could never leave him. 
My thoughts circled like a dog
  chasing its tail, and still returned to the same place every time. There was
  no where to go but forward, to whatever (most likely violent) end. 
It was uncomfortable, though,
  having teetered on the edge of death, returned, and making plans to eventually
  leap right over.  
Frank would say, if he were saying
  anything unrelated to the mission, that I had lost my focus. Maybe I had. But
  I wanted something more before I died. 
I was left with the theory that
  any tenderness Frank showed me, any interest at all outside my original definition
  of driver, surveillance, and occasional back-up, was mostly drug induced. As
  we healed, he drew back, rebuilding the wall between us. Professionalism, he
  would call it, but while I have no other word for it, professionalism isn't
  it. While he never actually kicked me out of his bed, he made it clear that
  things were unchanged, going silent to his room each night and shutting the
  door behind him. 
He might just as well have slammed
  it in my face. And the lash hissed again from behind that door. 
I cried myself silently to sleep
  that first night. 
I tried not to watch him; tried
  to keep the hurt and confusion out of my face. I focused on the mission, on
  training, working myself back to health, relearning balance on my injured leg,
  forcing myself back to my old strength. Sparring and grappling with Frank,
  though it would catch me sometimes, and I'd fight the urge to take his head
  off or relax into his arms. Bastard. I would've killed him, if I'd thought
  I could finish the job. 
Exhausted as I was, falling asleep
  was no problem. Staying asleep, however... 
The leprechauns had left my dreams,
  though the ambush and gunshots remained. The slow-motion, powerless vision
  of watching Frank take bullet after bullet, while I lay on the floor, too dazed
  to sight in with my weapon. The horror of watching him bleed his life away
  on the table, while I could only stand and watch. Or, alternatively, another
  dream in which Frank featured prominently, that I would blush to recount. 
I stared at the alarm clock, the
  only brightness in my room, and thumped my hot pillow with my fist. Two a.m.
  This could well be the only sleep I got tonight. 
The countdown had begun. Neither
  of us were close to one hundred percent, but we were getting there. Frank was
  planning, thinking, making his timetables, drawing lines of assault, plotting
  pre-mission surveillance. They had to know we were still alive. They would
  be making their plans, too. 
The goal, then, was to discover
  what those plans were. Failing that, to come up with something that would throw
  all their plans to the wind. 
I was tired of thinking about
  it altogether. For now, forever, I didn't know, but something had to change,
  or I would be the one to get us killed. I couldn't focus on the mission if
  I half-resented it. And yes, I wanted them dead. But that was one more step
  on the path, because it wouldn't stop there. 
I pressed my palms into my eyes,
  as if that would shove the thoughts out of my head and let me sleep. I'd woken
  in a cold sweat, and it was drying, but the chill hadn't left me. 
I missed cuddling next to Frank. 
And as if my thoughts had summoned
  him, my bedroom door swung open, and he stood there, filling the doorway. He
  was breathing as if he'd run a marathon. The whole scene was so like one recurring
  dream that I wondered, for one wild moment, if I'd dropped back off to sleep.
  Unobtrusively, I dug my nails into my thigh. Ouch. 
"Ange," he said, and came to me,
  crawling up from the bottom of the bed to crouch over me, perched on his arms.
  Like me, he wore a tank top and shorts, but the way he wore them was so entirely
  different that I caught my breath. I'd always admired the bulk of him, the
  strength of him, but to have that massive chest, those broad shoulders, hovering
  above me had been the source of my dreams.  
A sound emerged from deep in his
  chest, and he all but crushed my lips beneath his, forcing them open to taste
  and conquer the crevice. A strangled moan emerged from my own throat, and I
  thrust my fingers into his hair, determined to swallow him if I could. This
  taste was the sustenance I'd needed all my life. 
He crouched on his haunches, his
  hands streaking hotly at my waist, my hips, and traveled over my breasts, hidden
  beneath my shirt. 
"Off," he growled, and all but
  tore it off me when I fumbled with it. His mouth came back down, nuzzling my
  belly first, then moving upward&ndash;oh, God. 
I hadn't a clue if I'd actually
  spoken. The need had taken over, darker and fuller than anything I'd ever known,
  and I had to have him. I would die if I didn't have him. I grabbed his ears,
  yanked his face back down to mine, and stroked him from ridged abdomen to wide
  chest, digging my nails into his shoulder blades&ndash;minding the scars&ndash;to
  bring him down on top of me. The weight of him from pelvis to shoulder was
  more than a physical weight; it was protection, shelter, home. And I could
  feel him through his shorts, large and long and very, very ready. 
Abruptly, he stripped off my shorts,
  and that almost hurt as he went over my injured knee. His hand moved down to
  my thigh, over it, between, and I gasped into his mouth. He shifted his weight
  enough to touch, and thrust his fingers in. I forgot all about the pain in
  my knee. 
I thought the top of my head had
  exploded off, and could not possibly have cared less. 
I reached down and caressed him
  through his shorts. It seemed only fair. 
He growled again, yanking my hand
  away and pinning both wrists above my head, bending his head to nip, and then
  suck, my breasts. He caught one nipple between his teeth and bit, lightly,
  drawing a moan from me. I was all but writhing beneath him. Not to fight, God
  no, but because I wanted him so badly that I couldn't think for it, couldn't
  breathe. A strangled whimper made its way out of my throat as his free hand
  slipped back between my legs. 
He moved his mouth back over mine
  to stifle any further sounds, his fingers stroking knowledgeably, moving inward,
  thrusting abruptly, stroking again. He found the spot and ran his fingers over
  it, and over it, and over it, until I came, screaming into his mouth. 
My face was tingling, and if he'd
  moved to strangle me, I would have gone with a smile. 
And he wasn't done. His own shorts
  vanished as abruptly as mine had, and he stripped off his tank top. Gathering
  myself, I tugged him down and over, onto his back, licking my way up his chest,
  lapping briefly at his navel. I kissed the cords at the sides of his neck,
  moved to his shoulders, determined to torment him as horribly as he'd tormented
  me. Eased my way down, down, down, until I hovered just above the engorged
  length of him, and touched it delicately with the tip of my tongue. 
His hands caught my waist and
  flipped me over, driving into me before I had time to gasp. He was large, and
  he thrust himself into me to the hilt, but I was oh, so ready. I was on fire
  with it, mad with it, clutching him to me as if he would vanish into a mist,
  and leave me aching for the rest of my life. The sheer terror of that thought
  sent my nails into him, and he gasped an epithet, yanking my hands back above
  my head as he pounded himself into me.  
In his urgency, I thought he would
  spend himself in one glorious burst, but Frank was no youth. I was seeing stars
  when he flipped me over onto my back, yanked my hips up to him, and entered
  from behind. 
Until now, I'd never appreciated
  the sheer power of him, that he could fling me around like a rag doll. My knees
  hardly touched the bed as he lifted my hips up and thrust, so much more deeply
  from this angle that I screamed again, half in pain, half in pleasure. He bottomed
  out at my cervix, physically incapable of going any further, but I could feel
  his hips pressed to mine and knew that every inch of him fit. I was coming
  again, and if he hadn't been holding me up, I would have collapsed onto the
  bed. One of his fists tangled in my hair, the other moving around my waist
  to hold me to him, and he breathed harshly, bending to kiss the back of my
  neck. 
"Stay with me, Ange-girl." 
I think that was all that saved
  me from blacking out. 
He yanked, drawing my head back
  and making my spine curve, sending him over that spot inside me. Almost painful,
  this, but not quite. Any residual pain vanished quickly into pure pleasure,
  and I could almost feel my spine melting, every nerve ending in my body singing
  in a place filled with light. I had one moment to think, startled, again? 
We rolled over, me atop him, and
  weak as I was, exhausted as I was, I rode him with all the strength I had,
  one hand on my belly, as if I could feel him there. He shifted his hips to
  meet me, thrust for thrust, and sent himself so deeply in that I threw my head
  back and screamed, slamming my hips down. Good thing the Pit was soundproof. 
Frank's eyes went wide, and I
  think he almost finished then. Almost, but he reined himself in, his hands
  toying at my breasts as I rode him, though he deliberately slowed us down.
  At this rate, he wouldn't even need to strangle me. I'd burst my heart, trying
  to keep up. To finish this, him, to make him shout my name. 
Slowly, he raised up on his arms
  until he was sitting, and I straddled him. I shoved him, trying to force him
  back down, so we could finish&ndash;so I could finish&ndash;so I could feel
  that length of him, filling me to the top, instead of just the teasing, maddening
  tip. He smiled, grabbing my arms at the wrists and twisting them behind my
  back, leaning forward until my knees bent and he was over me again, my hips
  uplifted, just the tip of him inside me. 
He closed his eyes, and drew a
  deep breath, and I was suddenly reminded of the eye of a hurricane. 
When his eyes opened again, there
  was a darkness in them that said hunger, and now, he would no longer
  be denied. 
He dropped my arms and grabbed
  my ankles, drawing them up to his shoulders, and his teeth flashed in the relative
  darkness. As if to say, we'll see who screams whose name. 
From this position, he could use
  every ounce of his weight, and did. Weight and strength and sinew, the muscles
  in his back bunching like steel springs, he brought me again, and again, until
  I was raking his forearms, heedless of the damage. The dull thud of flesh on
  flesh echoed through the room. 
I needed this violence, this time.
  We were alive, both of us, having survived something that would have killed
  almost anyone else. This was the end of the fear, this was purpose, this was
  ordained by God. Frank was mine. 
"Hit me," I gasped, my teeth rattling
  in my head. "Hit me, Frank, hit me..." 
It became a litany, and I could
  see him clench his teeth, his shoulders going taut, every muscle in him tightening
  for the final burst. And he came, his hand lashing out to backhand me across
  the face, and I came, with a scream that almost tore my vocal cords, squeezing
  my eyes shut against the force it. All of him crashed into me, onto me, through
  me, and our voices rose simultaneously in a shout of defiance. 
My ankles fell from his shoulders,
  and he fell on me. 
I was floating. 
I would never move again. 
Slowly, I came to, and Frank was
  breathing shallowly, his head on my chest. I ran my fingers through his sweat-soaked
  hair, and he roused with a groan, enough to prop himself up on his elbows and
  caress my face. 
"You'll have a bruise there, Ange," he
  said, low, that voice reserved exclusively for lovers. 
"I needed it," I murmured. Neither
  of us could have ever explained it, but he nodded, dropping his forehead back
  on my chest. I could feel the aches in my arms, my wrists, the strength of
  his grip on my waist and hips, and knew that the bruise on my face would have
  company. 
It wasn't as if I hadn't marked
  him. 
With a grunt, he rolled over,
  and lay on his back beside me, his chest heaving. Droplets of sweat beaded
  and ran, but still he pulled me to him, my head on his less-sweaty shoulder,
  loathe to be separated, even to cool off. 
It was a long time before either
  of us spoke, and as his breath came easier, he toyed with my hair, winding
  the curls around his fingers, stretching them out, watching them spring back.
  I kissed his jaw and snuggled into the nape of his neck, breathing deep to
  catch the scent of him. Salt and sweat, and the deeper musk that was Frank
  and Frank alone. 
"I needed this," he said, the
  sound rumbling through his chest. "Needed you." 
My eyes were closing&ndash;his
  long finger was tracing my face from temple to cheek to jaw, across the bridge
  of my nose, down the slope. Over my lips, and I kissed the tip of his finger,
  my heart swelling as I drifted off to sleep. 
I don't know if I said it out
  loud, but love you slipped through my mind. 
"I have never ached so much in
  my life." 
I regarded Frank solemnly in the
  dimly lit morning. Our lights were on a timer, coordinated with the sunrise,
  to keep our internal clocks on schedule. It was eight o'clock in the morning,
  and I doubted seriously that I would ever be able to walk again. 
"I can think of a way to stretch
  your muscles out," he replied, and there was a ripple in his voice that was
  new and exciting. One large hand reached for my breast, and I swatted it away. 
"How can you even think of
  that? Didn't you have enough?" 
He smiled, that grin that is dark
  and wholly male, and edged his lower body closer to mine. 
"Does it feel like I had enough?" 
"It would be faster if you just
  shot me, if you're trying to kill&ndash;ooh." My eyes almost rolled
  back in my head. He seized the opportunity and slid his lips along my jaw,
  and down the line of my neck, hovering where it joined my shoulder. 
That was the first time that we
  had ever  been late getting up.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Morrighan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





