BDSM Library - Body Donation




Body Donation
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Rachel does her bit to help stop animal experiments.BODY DONATION   
by Sara Kingdom   
Part One  
Rachel does her bit to help stop animal experiments  .  
IN THE MALL  
Rachel was taking a deserved Friday afternoon off from the stresses of the
  office. Dressed in a smart, grey business suit she was a delightful sight.
  Tall and slim with long dark, straight hair, she was admired by men in the
  mall as she elegantly strode past.  
She came across an animal rights display while out shopping in the mall.
  She was given literature about cruelty being inflicted on animals in the name
  of scientific research. A lifelong animal lover, Rachel had been shocked at
  some of the photographs she saw. She immediately reached for some money and
  put it into the donations box.  
&quot;Thank you very much.&quot; said one of the girls behind the table. &quot;There
  is something else you could do to help us if you want.  
&quot;What can I do ?&quot; replied Rachel.  
&quot;Why not agree to carry one of these ?&quot; The girl held up a small
  plastic card and Rachel took it from her. On it were the words HUMANE RESEARCH
  DONOR CARD. Underneath this was a short statement of agreement that the body
  of the card holder may be used for education or scientific research in place
  of the use of animals.  
&quot;All you have to do is sign up with us and carry that card with you.
  If we get enough people on board we can stop animals being used in research.
  All the tests those scientists need to do can be done on human tissue which
  is probably much more useful anyway.&quot;  
&quot;And they would stop testing things on animals ?&quot; asked Rachel.  
&quot;Hopefully.&quot; the girl smiled. &quot;A lot of people carry kidney
  donor cards and the like. Why not help the animals too ? I've got mine.&quot; The
  girl proudly took a card from her pocket and held it up.  
&quot;That's a great idea. What do I have to do.&quot; Rachel was excited
  at being able to do something positive for the animals.  
&quot;Just read these papers and enter your details and signature at the
  bottom. You can keep that card you have there. Just keep it on your person
  at all times. Then all you have to do is go up to the University labs so that
  they can check that you are suitable. That's it really. Then you'll be a donor.&quot;  
Rachel took the papers from the girl. There were three pages detailing the
  agreement with a form at the end for personal details. She quickly filled in
  her details and signed the document.  
&quot;When can I go to the University ? Will they contact me ?&quot;  
The girl took the papers. &quot;No, just pop up any time and ask for Doctor
  Keir. He'll complete your registration. That's his name on the card.&quot;  
&quot;I'm off for the rest of the day. Maybe I can pop up this afternoon.&quot;  
The girl smiled. &quot;I'm sure that would be OK. Thank you for joining up.
  We really are very grateful for this.&quot;  
Rachel slipped the card into her purse. &quot;It's no problem and thank YOU
  very much.&quot;  
Rachel smiled to herself as she walked away. It really made her feel good
  that she could do her own bit in stopping all this cruelty to animals.  
IN THE DOCTOR'S OFFICE  
Rachel sat with Doctor Keir in his office in the University.  
&quot;So all we have to do now is a quick examination and you will be officially
  accepted as a donor.&quot;  
Rachel was unsure. &quot;What kind of examination ?&quot;  
&quot;Don't worry. It's just a formality. I have to make sure you are suitable.
  We don't want anyone with a history of drugs or ill-health. Just a quick, basic
  medical check and your registration will be complete.&quot;  
Rachel was still unsure. &quot;What do I have to do ?&quot; Maybe this wasn't
  such a good idea after all.  
&quot;You don't have to do anything difficult, Miss Lake. Just do as I say.
  I know what I am doing. I am a Doctor after all. It shouldn't take more than
  about fifteen minutes. I am in a hurry to leave this evening anyway.&quot;  
Rachel didn't want to be examined but she didn't want to back out. She really
  wanted to help the animals. &quot;If I don't agree to let you examine me, will
  that mean I won't be accepted as a donor ?&quot;  
The Doctor smiled. &quot;That's right. Actually you already have agreed to
  this when you signed up earlier. I am within my rights to insist that you cooperate.
  I can call a couple of assistants to help me if you do not do as I say. Those
  two men you saw when you came in would be delighted to help me.&quot;  
Rachel was shocked. &quot;That can't be right.&quot;  
&quot;I'm afraid it is. You should always read the small print on any contract
  you sign.&quot;  
Rachel sat quietly. How could this be happening ? Now she was being forced
  to let this Doctor examine her.  
&quot;It's up to you, Miss Lake. Let me examine you or I will call my assistants
  to give me a hand. They are not the gentlest of men. It would be much easier
  for both of us if you let me look at you now. It will be over in no time.&quot;  
Rachel was hesitant. She remembered two janitors who had been in the office
  when she had arrived. &quot;I guess I don't really have much choice. I wish
  I hadn't come here today.&quot;  
&quot;Come, come now Miss Lake&quot;, said the Doctor. &quot;Your donation
  is much appreciated. The examination is a small price to pay for helping the
  animals, isn't it ?&quot;  
&quot;OK.&quot; said Rachel. &quot;Let's get this over with. What do I have
  to do ?&quot;  
&quot;Just go and stand over there in front of the white screen.&quot;  
Rachel looked across and saw a digital camera on a tripod facing a large
  white screen. Next to this was a small desk with a PC. A small black cross
  of sticky tape lay on the floor about two feet from the screen.  
&quot;Stand on the cross and face the camera.&quot;  
Rachel walked over and stood on the cross. She turned to face the camera
  and then watched as the Doctor approached and stood behind the camera. He began
  to adjust the controls and look at he PC screen.  
&quot;We need some pictures of you for our records. Stand to attention with
  your arms at your side. Please stand straight and look directly at me. &quot;  
Rachel stood up straight. The Doctor continued to concentrate on the camera.  
&quot;Good. Now turn 90 degrees to your right.&quot;  
Rachel turned to face the window. Now the camera had a view of her left profile.  
&quot;Stand up straight again.&quot;  
Rachel stared at the window as the Doctor took the next picture.  
&quot;Now turn another 90 degrees to your right and face the screen&quot;  
Rachel turned again. She stood to attention without being told.  
&quot;OK. Another 90 degree turn please.&quot;  
Rachel turn and faced the door. Again she stood to attention.  
The Doctor spoke. &quot;OK. That's those shots done. Face the front again.&quot;  
Rachel turned to face the camera again.  
The Doctor walked over to a device between Rachel and the door. &quot;I need
  to measure your height now. Please take off your shoes and come over here.
  Put the shoes in this plastic crate.&quot; He lifted up a small, grey plastic
  crate and put it on top of his desk.  
Rachel stepped out of her shoes and bent down to pick them up. She carried
  them to the desk and put them into the grey, plastic crate. She noticed a white
  label on the side of the crate.  
RACHEL LAKE  
BODY DONATION  
VOLUNTEER 183  
&quot;Hurry up !&quot; the Doctor spoke sharply. &quot;I haven't got all
  day. I like to get home early on a Friday evening.&quot;  
Rachel walked over to the man who stood next to the wall. On it was marked
  height measurements up to seven feet.  
&quot;Stand up straight with your back against the wall&quot;.  
Rachel did as she was told and the man used a pencil to make a mark on the
  wall level with the top of her head.  
&quot;Step away now. Go and sit down on the chair next to my desk&quot;  
The Doctor looked at the height measurement and then walked over to his desk
  and sat down. He wrote on an A4 sheet of paper.  
&quot;Now I need to have a little listen to your heart and examine your arms.
  Take off your jacket and blouse and put them in the crate.&quot;  
Rachel paused, not sure if she should continue.  
&quot;What are you waiting for ? Are you wearing a bra ?&quot;  
&quot;Y..y..yes.&quot;  
&quot;Then there should be no problem. Take off your jacket and blouse. I
  am a Doctor you know. Perhaps you would like me to call my assistants.&quot;  
Rachel stood up and slipped her jacket off. She folded it and placed it over
  her shoes. She slowly started to undo the buttons of her white blouse, working
  down from the top.  
&quot;Please hurry, Miss Lake. I don't want to be here all night.&quot;  
Rachel finished unbuttoning the blouse and slipped it from her shoulders.
  She revealed a white, lacy bra. She folded the blouse and placed it on top
  of her jacket. She now stood in her white bra with her grey suit trousers and
  bare feet.  
&quot;Please sit down.&quot;  
The Doctor approached her with a stethoscope. &quot;Just keep breathing as
  normal.&quot; He listened as she slowly inhaled and exhaled. &quot;Now breathe
  in deeply and hold.&quot; Rachel held her breath for a few seconds before the
  Doctor said &quot;... and out.&quot; He took the stethoscope off and put it
  in his desk drawer.  
He then turned his attention to Rachel's arms. He stroked each one in turn
  looking for any marks or tattoos.  
&quot;Everything seems to be in order. Now stand up and remove your trousers.
  I need to take a look at your legs.&quot;  
Rachel stood up. She undid her belt and unzipped the trousers. She slowly
  lowered them and stepped out the right and then left leg. She started to fold
  them.  
&quot;Please give them to me.&quot;  
Rachel handed the trousers to the Doctor. He took them and put them into
  the crate. Rachel stood in only her bra and panties. He crouched down in front
  of her and ran his hands up and down her left leg. He briefly touched her panties
  before moving his hands down to her ankle. He repeated this examination on
  her right leg. He then went behind her and examined both her legs again.  
&quot;Very satisfactory,&quot; he said. &quot;I'm so glad that you seem to
  have no tattoos or piercing. I'm afraid that we would have had to reject your
  donation if you had.&quot;  
He stood up and walked over to the camera.  
&quot;I think now would be an opportune movement to take another set of pictures.
  Please come over and stand on the black cross again.&quot;  
In only her white bra and panties, Rachel walked over to the white screen
  and stood on the cross, facing the Doctor and his camera. She stood to attention
  without being prompted.  
The Doctor studied the camera again before asking Rachel to turn to her right.
  He again took pictures of her from the front, left side, back and right side.  
&quot; I see you are wearing some jewellery. Please remove your watch, rings
  and necklace&quot; he said.  
Rachel reached behind her neck and undid the clasp of her necklace. The Doctor
  held his hand out and Rachel placed it into his hand. She then took off her
  watch and the two rings she was wearing and again the Doctor took them. He
  walked over to the crate on the desk and laid them on top of her trousers.  
&quot;Now I need to weigh you. Remove the rest of your clothing and step
  on the scales.&quot;  
Rachel was shocked. &quot;W..w..what ?&quot; she stammered.  
&quot;I'm in no mood to argue with you Miss Lake. Take your bra and panties
  off so that I can complete your examination. &quot; He looked at his watch. &quot;I
  need to be out of here in fifteen minutes. If I haven't finished with you I'll
  have to get my assistants to come in and finish you for me. I'm sure they'd
  like that.&quot;  
Rachel walked over to the scales and stood on them.  
&quot;I can't take a proper reading with you wearing clothes Miss Lake.&quot;  
Rachel slowly reached behind her and fumbled as she tried to undo the clasp
  of her white, lacy bra. She lowered the strap on her right shoulder then the
  left.  
&quot;Hurry please !&quot;  
Rachel lowered her bra slowly. Before she could lower it to reveal her breasts,
  the Doctor grabbed it and walked over to the crate. Rachel folded her arms
  in front of her. The Doctor unceremoniously tossed the bra into the crate.
  He turned and walked back.  
&quot;The panties please !&quot;  
Rachel lowered her arms and reached down to her panties. The Doctor looked
  her up an down as she slowly lowered the panties and stepped out of them. She
  held them out and the Doctor took them. He crumpled them up in his hand and
  tossed them the six feet towards the crate. They landed perfectly in the crate
  on top of the bra. He turned to look at her.  
Rachel stood there naked. Her right hand covered her pubic hair and her left
  hand covered her right breast with her arm trying to cover her other breast.  
The Doctor ignored her and went to read the electronic display on the side
  of the scales. He looked at the reading and walked over to the desk. He wrote
  on the paper.  
He returned to Rachel. &quot;Well, we're getting there now.&quot; He looked
  up and down at Rachel as she tried to cover herself. &quot;Please step off
  the scales now,&quot; he said.  
Still trying to keep covered, Rachel stepped off the scales.  
&quot;Please put your hands on top of your head so that I can complete the
  examination.&quot;  
Rachel slowly raised her arms and placed them on her head.  
&quot;Stand up straight with your legs about twelve inches apart. That's
  good.&quot;  
The Doctor moved closer. He walked around her looking her over. &quot;Good,
  good.&quot; he said.  
He moved around in front of her and cupped her left breast with his right
  hand. He then used is left hand to knead the breast and stroke her nipple.
  He did this slowly for at least a minute before moving right breast and repeating
  the process. He then ran his hands down her front, caressing her waist, stomach
  and hips before running his right hand between her legs. He briefly touched
  her pussy before standing up and moving behind her. He squeezed her buttocks
  with both hands and pulled then apart for a few seconds.  
He walked back in front of her and looked at her face. &quot;Good ! Everything
  seems to be satisfactory. You have no tattoos, piercing or evidence of needle
  punctures. I think we can accept your donation. We are most grateful&quot;  
&quot;Please move back to the cross and I will complete your pictures.&quot;  
Rachel lowered her hands and walked over to face the camera. This time the
  Doctor said &quot;OK&quot; and Rachel turned to her right. Another &quot;OK&quot; and
  Rachel faced the screen. Yet another and Rachel faced the door.&quot;  
&quot;That's it !&quot; the Doctor said. &quot;That completes your examination.
  I am happy to accept your donation on behalf of the University. Please go and
  sit down and I will complete the formalities.&quot;  
He walked over and wrote a few things on the piece of paper. He ticked a
  few boxes before signing and dating the document. He placed the paper in a
  file and put it into his drawer.  
Rachel watched as he went to the crate and put a lid on top. &quot;Can I
  get my clothes back now ?&quot;  
The Doctor ignored her question. &quot;Your donation has been accepted. You
  are now officially the property of the University.&quot;  
He picked up his telephone and dialled an internal number. &quot;Hello. Fred
  ? I've finished processing another new lab rat. Can you and Jeff come and collect
  it ?&quot; He laughed at something the other person said. &quot;Yes, it is
  the cutie you saw earlier. Have you anything better to do this weekend ?&quot; He
  smiled and put the receiver down.  
&quot;The guys will be here in a moment to take you down to the cages in
  the lab. I'm afraid it will be a few days before we sit down and decide what
  the best use of your body will be. It won't be until Monday that Admin can
  post the pictures on our web-site and then we'll have to wait to see if there
  is any interest from other establishments. If we get a good offer for you we
  may decide to sell you. I'm interested in using you here but extra funding
  is always welcome. Whatever happens your donation is very much appreciated. &quot;  
Rachel stood up to remonstrate with the Doctor but the door burst open and
  the two janitors came in and marched quickly over to Rachel. One of the men
  pulled her arms behind her and handcuffed her wrists. The other picked up the
  crate from the desk.  
&quot;Let me go ! What are you doing ? LET ME GO !&quot;  
The two men marched the protesting Rachel out of the door. The Doctor put
  his jacket on and followed them out.  
The End of part 1  
BODY DONATION Part 2 - ON
      DISPLAY    
by Sara Kingdom    
Part Two    
Rachel is displayed to potential customers  .   
IN THE LECTURE THEATRE  
An audience of over one hundred men sat in the large lecture theatre. There
  were men of all ages, some dressed smartly in suits and others more casually.
  A middle aged man dressed in a white coat faced them.  
&quot;I'm so glad , gentlemen, that you could find the time to come here
  this evening. As you know, I am Doctor Keir, and I am in charge of the University
  Body Donation Program. As a result of the interest you all have shown in our
  web-site, we have set up this little demonstration evening to allow you, as
  representatives of your companies and educational establishments, to see what
  we have to offer.&quot;  
The Doctor ambled around the small wooden stage as he spoke.  
&quot;In the past three months, since I took over, we have taken a more proactive
  approach to recruiting our donors. A new recruitment campaign has been hugely
  successful. We have been fortunate to have accepted over one hundred new donors
  to the Program. These are people who have selflessly agreed to donate their
  bodies for the furtherance of scientific research and education. Many have
  been attracted by the desire to stop experimentation on animals.&quot;  
On a large white screen, at the back of the stage, a slideshow of photographs
  was being projected. A sequence of the faces of attractive young women was
  being shown to the men as they listened to the Doctor.  
&quot;Applications have come from people of all types and backgrounds. However,
  we have a strict system of quality control which eliminates most of our applicants
  as unsuitable. It is our policy only to accept female donors and you will see
  from our brochure, and the photographs behind me, that all those accepted are
  between 18 and 35 years of age. All are fit, healthy, beautiful and entirely
  suitable for any experimentation to which their bodies may be subjected.&quot;  
He paused for a moment and looked up at the large photographs being shown
  on the screen.  
&quot;Our legal people have also been working hard on our behalf. Their superbly
  crafted Body Donation agreement has given us the legal right to take immediate
  ownership of our donors' bodies. We can now offer you something which has never
  been possible before, the opportunity to use young, healthy and living human
  subjects for all your scientific and educational projects. &quot;  
&quot;Only a few of the young donors you see here have been fully inducted
  to the Program. Financial considerations mean that we can only maintain a small
  number of girls in our cages here. The rest are still living normally and carrying
  on in their day to day occupations as students, teachers, lawyers and the like.
  Their bodies will be called upon soon when we can accommodate them and make
  full use of their kind contribution.&quot;  
&quot;We currently have four girls with us. They have been in intensive obedience
  training here for just over a month now and are now ready to begin their careers
  as lab rats. That's where you come in. &quot;  
&quot;It is our intention to bring in new funding by allowing you to lease
  our girls for your use. We would be delighted to hear about the projects which
  would benefit from our new assets. We may even decide to reduce or waive our
  fee if we feel that your project has outstanding scientific merit.&quot;  
He stopped and signalled to one of his assistants near the door.  
&quot;Before I go any further, I think it would be an opportune moment to
  introduce you to our current crop of four little ladies and let you have a
  good look at them.&quot;  
The main lights dimmed and spotlights lit up the small stage. The door of
  the lecture room was opened by another young assistant. He waited as four beautiful
  young women, in single file, entered and made their way on to the small stage.
  They were dressed in all white with tight T-shirts and short tennis skirts
  and shoes. Each had their hands cuffed behind them and they wore a narrow black
  collar around the neck.  
Rachel Lake was the second of the four girls. It was now a month since she
  had signed up to the Body Donation Program. As she entered , she saw with horror
  that the theatre was filled with men.  
The girls took their places on four marks on the small stage and turned to
  face the audience. They all stood up straight.  
Rachel tried not to look directly at any of the men. She could see that the
  men were smiling, clearly enjoying seeing the predicament of four helpless
  girls. She was frightened. She wondered what was going to happen .  
&quot;Thank you,&quot; said the Doctor. &quot;These ladies are an example
  to us all. They have kindly volunteered to make a donation to our program in
  order to assist in education and research. Their bodies are now the property
  of the University and we must now decide how to make best use of them. I hope
  that you gentlemen have some interesting projects in mind and that we can come
  to a suitable arrangement.&quot;  
He walked along in front of the girls and studied them.  
&quot;I'm sure our guests would be interested in finding out a little more
  about you. I would like each of you to introduce yourself.&quot; He approached
  the girl on the extreme left. &quot;Starting with you., sweetheart.&quot;  
The girl was of medium height, slim with short blonde hair and blue eyes.
  She spoke loudly and clearly. &quot;Hello, my name is Hazel. I am 26 years
  old. Before becoming a donor I was a High School teacher. I taught English
  to children between the ages of 12 and 18. I enjoyed playing tennis and going
  for walks in the country.&quot;  
The Doctor patted her head. &quot;Good girl,&quot; he said, and walked to
  the next girl. &quot;Number 2, let's hear who you are.&quot;  
The second girl was taller than the first girl and had long, straight dark
  hair and brown eyes. &quot;Hello, my name is Rachel. I am 28 years old. Before
  joining the Program I was a Human Resources Manager in a large company. &quot;  
As she spoke, Rachel looked around at the men seated in front of her. To
  her horror, she recognised two of them. In the front row sat two of her company's
  office juniors, Alan and Rob, both nineteen years old. She looked quickly away
  from their smiling faces.  
&quot;My hobbies were eating out and cycling.&quot; Her old life seemed so
  far way now.  
&quot;Thank you Rachel. I'm sure your company is proud of you.&quot; He softly
  stroked her hair as he spoke. &quot;I believe some of your old colleagues have
  come along tonight to see how you are doing. Maybe they can think of a use
  for you.&quot;  
The Doctor approached the third girl. She had long red hair and green eyes.
  She was of medium height, slim and very attractive. &quot;And what about you,
  Red ?&quot;  
&quot;Hello, my name is Claire. I am 22 years old. Before being accepted
  as a donor I was a student. I studied law and psychology. In my spare time
  I enjoyed reading romantic novels.&quot;  
&quot;That's lovely,&quot; said the Doctor. He stroked her face gently with
  one finger.  
He strode over to the last girl. &quot;And last but not least, we have a
  real little cutie. Please tell us about yourself, number 4.&quot;  
The final girl had short, black hair and was the smallest of the four at
  only about five feet tall. She was very slim and petite and looked stunning
  with her lightly tanned skin. &quot;Hello, my name is Gail and I am 25 years
  old. Before donating to the program I worked in a bank. My hobbies were music
  and going out.&quot;  
&quot;Thank you, Gail. I'm sure the gentlemen appreciate you taking the trouble
  to introduce yourself. &quot; He patted her gently on the bottom and walked
  back to the centre of the stage.  
&quot;Now that we are acquainted with our little test subjects, I'm sure
  you would all like to see how obedient they are and how helpful they will be
  to you with any assignments they are given. &quot;  
He looked over to one of his young white-coated assistants. &quot;Please
  remove the handcuffs. I don't want our visitors to think that our girls need
  to be restrained in any way. &quot;  
The young assistant walked behind the girls and removed their handcuffs one
  by one. The girls put their arms by their sides and stood to attention.  
&quot;In order to demonstrate their usefulness, I will ask them to perform
  some simple tasks. You will be able to see that they are obedient and very
  well trained. The collars the girls are wearing can deliver electric shocks
  of varying degrees by using this small remote. &quot; He held up a small control
  unit. &quot;During training the girls have learned that failure to obey can
  be very painful indeed. They will now follow all instructions without hesitation.&quot;  
&quot;OK ladies !&quot; He spoke sharply. &quot;I want you all to remove
  your shoes.&quot;  
The four young women bent down and undid the laces of their tennis shoes.
  They then slipped them off and stood up straight again. The young assistant
  collected the shoes.  
&quot;Very good. I would now like you all to remove those cute little skirts.
  Let our guests see a little more of you.&quot;  
The girls undid the skirts and took them off to reveal brief white panties.
  They held the skirts up for the assistant to collect them.  
The Doctor looked around at the eager faces of the assembled men then looked
  back at the girls and smiled. &quot;Now, I would like you to remove those tight
  shirts and let our guests get a good view of your lovely little breasts.&quot;  
As one, the hapless girls lifted the white shirts over their heads and removed
  them. They stood there, displaying their breasts, dressed only in white panties.
  The assistant collected the shirts and the girls again stood to attention.  
Rachel could see the men smiling, clearly enjoying the show. She was aware
  of the men looking at each of the girls in turn, evaluating and comparing them,
  choosing their favourite.  
&quot;As you can see, gentlemen, all of our girls are completely natural.
  None of them have tattoos or body-piercings. They have no breast implants or
  any other artificial cosmetic enhancement. &quot; He walked up to Gail and
  squeezed her left breast as he spoke. &quot;We don't want anything to get in
  the way of your work.&quot;  
Gail's face reddened as the Doctor stroked her breast and tweaked her nipple.  
The Doctor turned again to the men. &quot;OK guys, I'm sure you want to have
  a better look at the bodies you may be renting from us. Girls, remove your
  panties !&quot;  
Without hesitation, Rachel and her three fellow donors pulled down their
  panties and stepped out of them. They were again collected by the assistant.
  Now all four stood there stark naked. The men in the audience looked on in
  delight.  
Rachel tensed as the Doctor knelt down in front of her and began to lightly
  stroke her pubic hair. &quot;All of our girls have full pubic hair. This allows
  for any eventuality. The bush may be useful to you and you may want to keep
  it but, under the terms of our lease, you will be allowed to trim or shave
  this area if your work deems this necessary. &quot;  
He stood up and pointed to her head. &quot;You may also shave the head if
  this will help. &quot;  
Rachel relaxed slightly as the man walked away from her.  
&quot;Now, why don't we have a look at the girls from all sides ? Girls,
  please turn to your right and face the window.&quot;  
The four young women turned to their right.  
&quot;And now turn again to your right and face the back of the stage.&quot;  
The girls turned and Rachel could see the slideshow on the screen above her.
  She saw a sequence of pictures of fully naked women. They were all young and
  attractive. As the photographs changed, she recognised one of the other girls
  on the stage with her.  
&quot;I would like you all now to stand with your legs apart, maybe about
  three feet if you can manage that. That's very good. Now bend over and touch
  the floor with your fingers.&quot;  
The girls reached forward, displaying their rear ends to the men.  
&quot;Isn't that beautiful ?&quot; The doctor looked over at the appreciative
  faces in the audience.  
&quot;OK. Now stand up straight again. And do another turn to your right
  and face the door.&quot;  
The girls obeyed and turned to their right.  
&quot;And now turn back to the front and face our guests.&quot;  
All four girls returned to their original position. The men continued to
  examine the girls, looking them up and down, judging their naked bodies.  
&quot;Rachel, please come to the front of the stage so that you can help
  me demonstrate further.&quot;  
A nervous Rachel slowly stepped forward and stood beside the doctor. She
  was close now to the front row of the audience.  
&quot;Good girl. Now I'd like two volunteers to join me up here and give
  Rachel a closer look. I don't want you all to just rely on my sales pitch.
  It would be useful to get an independent opinion of how suitable our girls
  are.&quot;  
Many of the men eagerly raised their hands or shouted out.  
The doctor pointed to two young men in the front row. &quot;How about you
  two guys ? Would you like to check her out for us ?&quot;  
Rachel was shocked to see that he was talking to her two former work mates.
  She watched as they made their way along the front row and walked towards her.  
&quot;OK guys. I know you two know Rachel from her previous life. Who could
  be more qualified to assess her for her new role ? Go ahead and give her a
  good examination. Don't be shy.&quot;  
Grinning widely, the two young men moved up close to Rachel. She stood still
  and straight as they started to look closely at her body. She felt their breath
  on her face as they got close. She closed her eyes. She couldn't believe this
  was happening.  
Rob spoke softly. &quot;Hello Rachel. Great to see you again.&quot; He laughed.  
&quot;Yeah, this is like a dream seeing you like this,&quot; said Alan. &quot;All
  those times in the office, watching you strut up and down, imagining you naked,
  teasing us. Now you're here showing everything off for us.&quot;  
Rob whispered. &quot;I've wanted you for a long time, all the guys in the
  office have, but you've always been out of our reach.&quot;  
The doctor spoke. &quot;Come on guys , give her body a good going over. Our
  guests would like to hear your opinion. Stroke her hair.&quot;  
The two young men looked at each other, hardly able to believe their good
  fortune. Slowly they began to stroke her hair.  
&quot;Feel around the face and neck. Have a look in her mouth. Check her
  teeth. Rachel, open your mouth.&quot;  
Rachel felt two pairs of hands probing her face and neck. Fingers were pushed
  into her mouth and they touched her teeth and tongue.  
&quot;OK. Work your way down. Feel her shoulders and arms. What do you think?&quot;  
The two young men nodded as they stroked Rachel's lovely skin. &quot;Perfect.&quot; said
  Rob quietly.  
&quot;Keep going guys. Knead those breasts. Make sure they are natural.&quot;  
For at least two minutes, Rachel felt her breasts being squeezed and pulled.
  Already aroused, her nipples were erect. The men eagerly caressed and tweaked
  them.  
&quot;Stand with your feet apart, Rachel. That's good. Let your young friends
  have a good feel between your legs. Stroke her little pussy, guys. Get stuck
  in.&quot;  
Rob and Alan continued to work their way down her body and came to her most
  intimate parts. They pulled at her dark pubic hair, stroked her around the
  vagina and probed and pushed her lips with their fingers. Rachel became more
  and more moist as the two young men continued with their caresses.  
To her horror, Rachel felt herself starting to come. She wanted desperately
  not to, but she could not stop herself as the men continued relentlessly, moving
  and pushing with their fingers more and more quickly.  
As she orgasmed, she let out a moan and her legs quivered.  
When it was over, Rachel opened her eyes. The two men now stood looking into
  her face.  
The doctor smiled. &quot;OK guys, that was great, I think we've all see how
  responsive she is. Rachel, please thank our young friends for assisting in
  our little demonstration. You should be grateful to them for their help.&quot;  
The humiliated Rachel looked at her former colleagues and spoke quietly. &quot;Thank
  you.&quot;  
&quot;Come on, Rachel ! You can do better than that. &quot; the doctor prompted.  
Rachel spoke a little louder. &quot;Thank you for examining me. I am most
  grateful.&quot; She bowed her head slightly.  
&quot;Thanks for coming, Rachel,&quot; joked Alan. &quot;Wait till we tell
  the guys what you're really like.&quot;  
The doctor showed the happy young men back to their seats.  
He addressed the audience again. &quot;As you can see the girls have learned
  to obey all of my orders without hesitation. They know that failure to obey
  a command will result in a painful shock being delivered through the collar.
  The device is capable of inflicting anything from a slight tickle to extreme
  pain. However, now that these girls are fully trained, the use of the device
  is needed very rarely. Only an occasional reminder may be required.&quot;  
&quot;They are now ready to be leased to your establishments and used for
  experimentation and educational purposes. We are hopeful that you will want
  to use our girls. Your custom will give us the resources to allow us to call
  in more of our donors and expand our training facilities.&quot;  
The Doctor smiled. &quot;If you recognise any of the girls in the brochure,
  I would be obliged if you do not make any attempt to warn them that their services
  are soon to be called on.&quot; The men laughed.  
&quot;Before I talk in more detail about our leasing arrangements, I think
  we should let our little ladies go for their exercise period. Bill, please
  take our young ladies down to the gym for their evening session. &quot;  
The young man moved towards the pile of clothes at the side of the stage.  
The doctor held up his hand. &quot;Don't bother with that. There won't be
  too many students around tonight. Just take them over to the gym as they are.
  Give them another good hard workout in the nude. We need them to be fully fit
  for any of their future assignments.&quot;  
The young assistant opened the door and directed the girls outside.  
Doctor Keir began to clap his hands. &quot;As they leave, please show your
  appreciation to our donors for their invaluable contribution to scientific
  research.&quot;  
The audience applauded enthusiastically as the naked girls were led out into
  the corridor.  
End of part two  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sara Kingdom


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





