BDSM Library - Helen




Helen
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: As we are entering the 21st century, it is inevitable that, like everything else, we will rely more and more, even in bdsm, on machines to provide us with more intense feelings. wether these are pleasure or pain. This story is such an example an a little bit more...............Helen's Ultimate Surrender   
   
Sometimes a person's passion and the curiosity to explore all avenues
      to satisfy one's   
secret desires can lead to a path from which there is no escape
      and leads to one's ultimate down fall. (This is the second story in the "German
      Bitch" series, the first one was the "Undoing of Barbara")   
It took me more   time
      to find a model that looked like Helen, than it did to write this story.
      Finally I found one that is as though copied from the picture of Helen
      in my mind. I found it absolutely necessary to include a picture of Helen
      in this story, as I wanted the reader to enjoy it more by often looking
at her picture and imagine her in the various trials she undergoes.   
   
Part 1   
England, 21  st   century   
Chapter one   
As Helen was being strapped into this strange and exotic machine in the basement  
of the large country mansion, she wandered what she had gotten herself into
  and reflected on the events that brought her here.  
Helen was one of those rare women that was born beautiful, just perfect.  
 She had a beautiful face, nice green eyes, perfect upturned French nose,
  just that extra fraction wide that added to her beauty, her hair was jet black,
  thick and shiny, falling on her shoulders like a mane and reaching to her waist.
  She was 5 feet 5 with dream proportions, narrow delicate shoulders, narrow
  chest but with breasts that were far larger for a body like hers, natural ones,
  that you could still see them no mater from which angle you looked at her.
  Her nipples had a large ring around them and were most of the time erect, pink
  like new cherries. Her waist was small but as you looked down it expanded into
  maddeningly wide hips curving in an ass that was, like her breasts, much bigger
  and heavier than you would expect on a body like hers, so perfect it was, as
  though sculptured by an artist. Then here legs were long, full, with delicious
  curves on her thighs and her feet were small delicate, simply perfect.  
It had all led to her presence here because of her husband. She had married
  a much older man when she was just 18 years old and had been with him for eight
  years. She was not a virgin when she married but had very little experience
  in sex. From a young age she was a passionate woman, and when she got turned
  on, she was lost in the passion that completely overcame her senses and her
  body made the decisions, instead of her mind. He had met her at a mutual friend's
  house, and being supremely experienced, seduced her in record time and within
  a short time were married. But he had other intentions for her other than being
  a housewife. He started exploiting her unlimited passions in bed, making her
  beg for more and asking her to earn it. He introduced her to all sorts of exotic
  sex toys and she liked them all and became always eager to try something new.
  When her husband had suggested they meet other couples who were into "techno
  sex" as he had put it, at first she had been reluctant to cross that line,
  but her curiosity got the better of her and eventually she said yes. He had
  been very selective in who he chose, as he had wanted to offer his wife the
  most intense experiences and ripe the pleasure of watching his beautiful wife
  surrender herself to her overwhelming passions. She had gradually become addicted
  to these sessions were people had invented their own sexual toys that offered
  far more pleasure than normal sex could. But as time passed, her husband became
  more voyeuristic preferring to watch than participate, slowly this tendency
  overtook him completely and he started sending her alone to the couples and
  other people he arranged and then watched the videos of these sessions. Eventually
  he became more interested in watching the videos than paying attention to her.
  Helen did not mind so much, after all she did what made him happy and she got
  enough sex with the people he send her to meet. But eventually he got bored
  with the same things, he complained that people did not have enough imagination
  and wanted to get her involved into something more technical and more adventurous.
  He started visiting strange places and meeting some very weird people, always
  trying to find someone who would take the "techno" experience a step further
than any one before.  
One evening he returned home late and it was obvious he had been drinking,
  he was quiet and remained so for the next few days. She caught him looking
  strangely at her and one night as she lay naked next to him in bed she asked
  him what was wrong.  
-I found someone who can offer some very unusual "techno" experiences to
  you, he said, they are utterly unique and very intense, but there is a catch.  
Her curiosity was instantly activated.  
-Is it something they want from you, she asked.  
-Sort of, he said, it's unlike anything we did up to now, and it's..well
  you will have to accept a certain commitment.  
-What kind of commitment, what kind of person is this you met, Helen asked.  
Her husband kept quiet while looking at her beautiful body, then she noticed
  he was beginning to have an erection. "I wonder what is turning him on so much" she
  thought. She tried asking him again.  
-Tell me what kind of person did you meet, and what does he want that turns
  you on so much?  
After some moments of silence he said:  
-He is a pimp and he knows all these people that rent his women and try on
  them their inventions of "techno sex". These people have taken this kind of
  sex beyond any limits we know so far, but they like to pay for their women
  and thus she belongs to them, at least for a while, so they can indulge themselves
  without her causing them any problems. The catch is that for me to satisfy
  my desire to watch you having those sessions on video, you must accept to become
  one of his girls.  
-You mean become a whore? She asked.  
-Well, in a sense yes, he replied, well it will be sort of like all the other
  people you've had sessions with, it isn't so bad.  
-But all those other sessions were mutually agreed and I had the right to
  stop when I wanted, what you are asking me to do is give myself to someone
  who will control me completely and use me himself in any way he wants and sell
  me to people who will do whatever they want to me and I will not have the right
  to refuse them anything, is that what you want me to do, does that turn you
  on? She had said that not as a protest but in some disbelief of what he was
  asking her to do.  
He took her in his arms, kissed her and whispered softly in her ear:  
-Yes, that's what I'm asking of you, to become a techno whore, at least for
  a little while.  
-Will you at least give me a choice to decide for myself? She asked in a
  pleading voice.  
-No, was all he replied.   
Chapter two   
   
There had been no more discussion about this, he simply told her that he
  had already made all the arrangements and he was committed and these were dangerous
  people one did not want to loose faith with. She would simply have to go and
  meet this mysterious pimp called Master O. She wandered how it would feel crossing
  that invisible line and from a pampered and luxurious life, suddenly become
  the property of someone she had never seen and he would make her a whore, suddenly
  she felt a fleeting shiver in her loins and was surprised to feel a secret
  thrill at such a dangerous  
predicament.  
She wanted to impress, so she dressed to kill, wearing a silk shirt with
  a deep V so a lot of her large breasts were exposed, a ultra tight short black
  leather skirt that made her ass look even bigger than what it already was,
  no nylons as she regularly waxed all her body and wanted the milky white colour
  of her superb legs to contrast with the skirt and the shiny black stiletto
  heeled shoes. Combed her long black hair to perfection, put on deep shiny red
  lipstick and left the house in a cab.  
When she gave the cab driver the address, he looked at her and asked if it
  was correct, she said it was but wondered why he asked, but as they came closer
  to their destination, she realized why he had asked, they were moving in the
  sleaziest part of town were all the nude dancing bars and porno establishments
  were. What kind of person was she going to meet in such an area, she thought,
  and when the cab stopped outside a dimly lit entrance, the only one in a dark
  alley, he became nervous and wanted his money and then left in a hurry.  
Helen found herself in front of a dimly lit entrance to what was advertised
  as nude waitress bar, it was the only lit place in that dark alley, "well" she
  thought, "I've come all the way here I might as well see what's waiting for
  me inside", hoping it was not another stupid encounter.  
She pushed through the door and entered a derelict lobby were a peroxide
  blond old woman was sitting behind what looked like a counter.  
-I'm looking for Master O, my name is Helen, she asked.  
-Yes you are the new girl, he is expecting you, the older woman said, go
  straight in and head for the office behind the stage.  
"What a strange person" thought Helen, "and so, now I am the new girl", She
  passed through some bead curtains into an absolutely decadent atmosphere, in
  a world she had never visited before. The large room was immersed in a thick
  sweet smelling cloud of smoke which cut visibility down to a few feet. There
  were large mirrors evenly spaced surrounding the circular stage and there was
  a slow deep impact rhythmical music playing and she realized she just wanted
  to start dancing slowly and sensually to it, "It must be something in the smoke,
  in this room, I'm inhaling" she thought.  
There was a large bar on one side and most of the stools were occupied by
  almost naked women, pretty women. She made her way behind the stage were she
  found a big door, more like the door of a safe, guarded by a gigantic black
  man nearly seven feet tall and full of amazing muscles. She felt so fragile
  standing in front of him.  
-I have an appointment with Master O, she said.  
-Yes I know, you're the new whore, said the massive black man, you're very
  pretty, he likes you. He is busy now, sit at the bar and I will call you when
  he is ready to see you.  
Helen was stunned, it was the first time in her life someone had called her
  a whore and actually mean it, and how did Master O know what she looked like,
  then she thought that her husband must have played for him some of the videos
  of past sessions.  
She made her way, through the thick smoke, to the bar and sat on one of the
  hi stools, a weird looking older woman with hair straight up in the air came
  and brought her a drink without anything having been said. Helen tried it and
  found it was very strong spirit. While she was waiting, another pretty young
  girl came next to her, she had long red hair, slightly over weight but in all
  the right places, and was completely naked except for silk g-string panties
  and very high heel shoes. Helen noticed that she had two deep lines one on
  each corner of her mouth and her breasts were too low on her chest for someone
  that young, as though they had somehow been stretched.  
-You're the new girl, she heard the woman say, Master O was right, you're
  very pretty, I have the most points of all the other girls, so he said I will
  be the first one to fuck you, I am looking forward to that, you're so fresh,
  let me kiss you.  
Helen had started to say something, but before she had time to do so the
  other woman was kissing her on her mouth and her tongue had slipped deep into
  her, tenderly exploring.  
Helen at first thought of pulling away, but she had been inhaling the thick
  smoke since she entered this large room, she had begun to feel light headed
  and her reflexes were slowing down, by now the woman had her arms around her,
  gently feeling her and touching her breasts over her thin shirt, not knowing
  what to do or expect, Helen let the kiss go on for a while until the woman
  pulled back and told her: You're special, your mouth tastes soooo sweet.  
Before she could respond to what the woman had said, the giant black man
  appeared through the thick mist and told her Master O would see her now.  
She followed him behind the elevated platform and through a massive steel
  door and entered an enormous room luxuriously decorated, part office part bedroom
  with a bed big enough for ten people to sleep comfortably on it. Behind the
  office stood the most handsome man she had ever seen, he was tall, fit had
  light brown skin, some kind of ethnic mix, she thought, dark blond hair plaited,
  and blue eyes harder than steel. Without any greeting he told her in an equally
  hard deep voice.  
-You are late, you 're even more beautiful than the videos your husband showed
  me,  
I paid him a lot of money for you and I have a paper here signed by you willingly
  stating that you are now my property, it has been processed and it's very legal.  
-I never signed such a paper, she said to him.  
-I know, your husband provided us with a sample of your signature and I had
  an expert copy it, nobody can tell the difference, and in any case you're here
  now and you're not allowed to leave.  
Helen was astonished at the treachery of her husband and all this just to
  satisfy his addiction to watching her being used on video.  
-You mean I am your prisoner? She asked.  
-Call it what you like, bottom line, you are now a techno whore, you will
  be auctioned to the highest bidder to use you in their inventions, which are
  by the way, like nothing you can ever imagine, you will make a lot of money
  for me and then one day I will sell you to someone else. You are nothing more
  than a piece of property. Now, here are some rules, you will always take care
  of yourself to look your best, the other whores will take turns to bath you
  and make you up and they have the right to fuck you when each one takes care
  of you, the only clothing you will wear is the designer stiletto shoes I will
  give you and nothing else, no matter who is around, you have been waxing your
  body and that's the way you will keep it. Now take off your clothes and let
  me see you naked.  
Helen thought for a few seconds that all this was unreal, but it was  real,
  she glanced at the giant black man standing on her side and thought of the
  consequences if she refused to obey, then started undressing in that sensual
  way that came naturally to her. Both men were staring intensely at her and
  when she had taken off her last piece of clothing and stood completely naked
  in front of them she couldn't help feeling a tingle of excitement in her loins
  from the lust she saw in both men's eyes.  
-You will be taken and bathed and made up the way we like it here and then
  later on tonight you will go on auction for your first customer, her master
  said, then he thought,  this bitch is unbelievably beautiful, she
  will make me a fortune.   
Just then the woman that had kissed her in the bar appeared and their master
  instructed her what to do with Helen, she took her by her hand and led her
  away.  
They left the two men in the room and went out and down a wide stair case
  to a basement which was as luxuriously decorated in medieval style, complete
  with fire torches on the wall for lighting, there was a large marble pool in
  the middle of the floor and was filled by two small waterfalls, the water pouring
  out of the mouths of two marble lion like heads. The woman told Helen to take
  off her shoes and then led her down wide steps into the water, it's temperature
  warm, and felt pleasant as it engulfed their naked bodies. She started washing
  Helen's hair and body with a perfumed soap of such delicate and beautiful fragrance
  that Helen was surprised she never found it in one of those expensive shops
  she used to buy her cosmetics.  
When the woman had washed her entire body, she brought her face close to
  Helen's and whispered to her:  
-Now honey, raise yourself over the edge and lie back, I want to taste your
  pussy, and after that I will fuck you.  
Helen thought to herself she should be nice to this woman and maybe she would
  give her some information about what was going to happen to her. She raised
  her self over the curved marble edge of the pool, sat on the edge and lied
  back. She felt the woman start kissing and licking her feet and then spreading
  her long legs and sliding her tongue on the inside of her thighs, closer and
  closer to her pussy.  
-You have such smooth skin, it's like silk.  
And then she covered Helen's pussy with her mouth and started eating her.  
She really knows what she's doing,  thought Helen, it
      feels sooo good.   
Within a short time she had Helen moaning and coming close to her orgasm,
  but she did not let her reach her climax, the woman pulled away and told her:  
-You're special, I knew it from the moment I saw you, your pussy does taste
  like honey, just like Master O promised, now slide back in the water honey,
  I'm going to fuck you.  
As Helen slid back into the water, the other woman moved to the other side
  of the pool, picked something up, and worked with her hands to fit on herself
  and then moved back to Helen, put her arms around her, kissed her for a while
  on the mouth and then started turning her around.  
-What are you doing, asked Helen, I thought you wanted to fuck me?  
-Oh I will, but I will fuck you in the ass, we know that's how you like it,
  your husband said so to Master O.  
-What else did he say to Master O, has he revealed anything else about me?  
-Oh yes, said the woman, everything, he said you liked to get fucked hard
  in your ass, how at first you hated it because it hurt but then slowly you
  came to like it more than any other kind of sex, he said you liked to suck
  cock and swallow sperm, that you like being tied up and helpless and many other
  things. You should be happy here, our customers will give you all these and
  much more. By the way my name is Ann.  
While Ann was saying all this, she had turned Helen around and pushed her
  to lean over the marble edge of the pool, Helen felt her ass cheeks being parted
  and something pressed against her anus.  
-I chose a slim intruder this time, Ann told her, it's the first time and
  I want to be gentle with you, I want to see and feel how you cum. With those
  words spoken, she started pushing her strapped on penis into Helen's ass.  
-Uhh, Helen moaned as she felt the intrusion, whatever the woman was pushing
  inside her was slim and did not hurt, and as Ann started pushing in and out
  of her, Helen's arousal begun again reaching orgasm level, soon she was moaning
  with pleasure and as she felt her breasts caressed and her nipples pinched
  by Ann, and then her ears licked, she let her head drop back on the woman's
  shoulder and had a slow prolonged orgasm. Ann found the chance and with Helen's
  head on her shoulder, covered her mouth with hers and pushed her tongue deep
  into her mouth. When Helen's orgasm finally subsided, the woman broke off the
  kiss and whispered in her ear:  
-You cum beautifully, our customers will love you, would you like me to stay
  inside you for a while or shall I pull myself out honey?  
-Uhhh&hellip;..no&hellip;stay inside me &hellip;for a little&hellip;while,
  moaned Helen, slowly regaining her senses after her orgasm. When she felt strong
  enough she asked the woman:  
-How did you come here?  
-I was an actress and a hooker at the same time, so I was asked to come here,
  but you honey were set up, replied Ann and continued massaging Helen's heavy
  breasts.  
-What do you mean set up? She asked Ann.  
-It was all done by the German Bitch, known as GB, you will meet her some
  time later during your stay here, she has this thing about beautiful English
  women, she hates them and arranges to have them disappear one way or another
  and you honey are too beautiful for her to resist. When you husband was putting
  adds in all the underground magazines about you, she approached him and they
  made a deal, she paid him a great deal of money and he made you come here.
  The moment you entered this place your fate was sealed, your husband had a
  story ready that you left him for someone else and you travelled to another
  country, so none of the people you know will miss you, GB brought you here
  because some of the people that finance this place want to use your body to
  test their inventions, but after a few weeks, GB will come and claim you and
  take you to her island and nobody will see you again. A few months ago she
  handed over to some sort of scientist a very pretty woman, she looked a lot
  like you and her name was Barbara , and nobody saw her again. She was a passionate
  woman, like you, and GB seduced her and introduced her to a very exclusive
  bondage club were she cultivated her fantasies and made her like anal sex,
  that's GB's trade mark for all the girls she gets into her hands, since it's
  the biggest taboo in this country, she makes them like getting fucked in the
  ass more than any other kind of sex, just like you, she excited Barbara's fantasy
  about that mysterious scientist until the poor woman just had to meet him.  
As Ann was saying this, she started moving again her penis in and out of
  Helen's anus and continued whispering in her ear:  
-But that's what you like honey, isn't it, to be helpless in the hands of
  some vicious person who will strap you into his machine and torment you, you
  like being abused, don't you honey.  
Helen started moaning again as the penis slid in and out of her anus, she
  was being turned on once again and whispered to the other woman:  
Mmmmm&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;..yes&hellip;.fuck me.  
And Ann did and brought her to another smooth orgasm, after which she led
  her out of the pool, dried and combed her long hair and applied make up in
  the fashion of the place, heavy shiny red lipstick, light pink shade over her
  eyes, and the most desirable perfume Helen had ever smelled, then she was given
  a pair of custom made shiny black stiletto heeled shoes to put on, the heel
  so high, she was walking on her toes.  
-You're ready to meet your first customer, the auction has taken place while
  I was fucking you, he has been waiting for some time and is very excided, as
  he watched me fuck you on the house's tv system, his machine is really going
  to give you a good workout.  
As Helen was being led to her first customer, her addiction to techno sex
  was aroused and she felt the first tingles of anticipation.  
Chapter three   
   
They went several floors down to a basement which was also luxuriously decorated
  with hand woven thick carpets and paintings on the wall, large chairs and couches
  spread around and in the centre of them there was a strange device, it looked
  like a cupboard with a whole on it's top and apparently it could be split in
  the middle, as it had hinges in what went for it's back side. Ann led Helen
  to the centre of the sitting area were all the comfortable chairs lay and were
  there was a chain hanging down from the ceiling. She took both Helen's arms
  and pulled them behind her and wrapped around each of her wrists a leather
  restrain which were attached to the end of the chain.  
-Is this necessary? Asked Helen.  
-It's the rules of this place, and in any case you like being helpless honey.  
When Helen's wrists were securely tied, Ann pulled a hidden lever and the
  chain started rising, pulling Helen's arms backwards and upwards, thus making
  her bent forward, it stopped just as she felt she might be lifted off the ground
  and tumble over.  
Her hair hang deliciously over her head and Ann came and kneeled in front
  of her and kissed her lightly on the lips, then asked her to open her mouth
  wide and produced a very large ball gag. Helen had to strain her mouth open
  to accept the ball inside her, with Ann pushing gently, it finally fitted in
  her mouth and then the straps were tied securely around the back of her head.  
-Now listen honey, Ann said to her, these customers might not only want to
  try their machined on you, they might want to fuck you too, so you will offer
  yourself to them and make them enjoy themselves, remember you're a whore now,
  don't even think of refusing anything they want from you, Master O's punishment
  for any such show of displeasure by a customer is death, now honey I have to
  go.  
She kissed Helen lightly on the lips again and left her alone in the large
  basement.  
I wonder what is going to happen next,   Helen thought,  what
      kind of person is my first customer?  She didn't have long to
      wait.  
She heard soft footsteps coming close and she lifted her head and saw an
  awful looking man standing naked in front of her, he was short with a bulging
  belly, a round head with heavy jowls, receding hairline, beady eyes, thin lips
  and two features that made him utterly repelling to her, he had so much hair
  all over his body, he actually looked more like a gorilla than a human, the
  other feature was his penis, it was very long, almost ten inches and was covered
  with hair all the way to it's head. He was sweating profusely making his body
  hair shine. He was so short; when he stood in front of her his chest was the
  same height as her head, he put his chubby hand under her chin and lifted her
  head and looked into her beautiful eyes and told her.  
-I waited a long time for someone as beautiful as you, I spent a fortune
  designing and building my machine, and therefore I use only exceptionally pretty
  women to try it out, I must give credit to GB, every single one of the women
  she picks up is stunning, I only wish she put away her obsession with English
  women and got us some American or Russian girls.  
He now kneeled in front of her and put his hairy hands on her heavy breasts
  and started massaging them.  
-Your nipples are soft and sensitive, they're made to fit my machine perfectly.  
He then went behind her and kneeled facing her big ass, he caressed it for
  a while and then using two fingers of his left hand parted them at the area
  of her anus, then licked the middle finger of his right hand and slowly inserted
  it in her anus.  
-Mmmmmfff, moaned slightly Helen,  I can't stand this horrible
      man touching me  , she thought.  
-Yessss, just perfect, you have been quite active anally, your anus has been
  stretched exactly right to fit my machine like a glove. He took his finger
  out of her anus, left her for a moment and then returned and kneeled behind
  her one more time, he had a small syringe in his hand filled with 100cc of
  a special ky jelly, inserted the nozzle into her anus and pushed the lever
  of the syringe emptying all the jelly inside her.  
-Ummmmffff, Helen moaned feeling the cream inside her.  
The short man lowered the chain holding her wrists and untied the straps
  from the chain but left them holding her wrists together, then he walked her
  to his machine.  
There was a control panel on the side of the strange looking cupboard and
  by pressing a button, it started slowly opening in half revealing inside a
  small hollow seat and many tubes and complicated harnesses. Helen saw all this
  and part of her quivered in anticipation and part of her was afraid, as she
  had never seen anything like it,  What is this thing going to do
  to me,   she thought, it's like nothing I have seen before,
  in all the old sessions my husband took me, it was only small contraptions,
  this thing looks menacing.   
But she did not have time to complete her thoughts, the hairy man untied
  her wrists  
and turned her around and slowly sat her on the hollow chair, as she was
  being lowered on the hollow seat, she had to spread her legs wide open around
  it so she could sit, as she was lowered even more, she felt a wide protrusion
  pressing on her anus and as he pressed her to sit on it, it stretched her anus
  and slid in.  
-Uuuummmmmfffff&hellip;., she cried through the gag from the pain of the
  entry as the steel tube sank several inches deep inside her.  
Finally, when she was sitting firmly on the seat, he produced a tube with
  a strange protrusion at it's end and two wide spoon like extensions, several
  inches wide, fanning out away from each other and each curved upwards for ten
  inches in length, at the end of which were latex straps. He fitted firmly the
  protrusion at the entrance to her pussy and the one spoon like extension reached
  her navel and the opposite one went between her legs and rested on the small
  of her back, he then brought the straps of both extensions and tied them to
  each other making them hold her tightly in a steel grasp.  
He then kneeled down and took each of her feet and fitted the stiletto heel
  of the custom made shoes into a hole that was designed to fit exactly the length
  and width of the heel and inserted each of them into the holes, then he started
  tying each of her legs to the many straps attached to the machine, over her
  ankles, just under her knees, over her knees, on her thighs, around her lower
  belly, around her stomach, just under her breasts, then he pulled her arms
  and stretched them out on each side and tied them at the wrists, just before
  the elbows, after the elbows, and finally just before the shoulders. When she
  was completely immobilized, he took from the side of the machine two long wide
  tubes padded with soft sealing material around their ends, many different coloured
  smaller tubes extended from the back of the large tubes and went off to different
  parts of the machine.  
I wonder what all these things will do to me,  thought
  Helen, so much preparation, whatever it is it must be intense,  and
  she found herself secretly getting aroused by the anticipation but a little
  afraid too.  
The hairy man brought one of the tubes and fitted it on the nipple of her
  left breasts and pressed something on the side of the tube, instantly there
  was a terrific vacuum in the tube and her nipple and a small part of her breast
  was sucked into the tube and taking it's shape becoming elongated.  
-Mmuuuuuffffhhmm&hellip;&hellip;.., Helen screamed into the gag from the
  sudden pain she felt.  
Without paying the slightest attention to her discomfort, he proceeded and
  fitted the other tube to her right nipple which was also sucked into this tube
  making her scream again. When everything he had to do was finished, he stood
  back, admired his work for a few minutes, then walked to the control panel
  on the side of the strange cupboard and pressed a button, the cupboard started
  closing shut, and when the two sides finally locked against each other, Helen's
  head was the only part of her body that was out of the cupboard, he then told
  her:  
-I created this machine to make all the senses of a woman aroused at the
  same time, to make her feel pain, pleasure, heat, cold , ecstasy, and have
  the strongest possible orgasms. But no woman up to now was able to endure all
  these sensations, at once, not even for a brief period of time, however GB
  told me that you are such a slut that anything will make you cum.  
Before Helen could think of anything, the short man, started working on the
  controls of the machine, suddenly a jet of ice cold water started shooting
  out of the nozzle in her ass filling her bowels quickly, Helen threw back her
  head and screamed at the shock she was experiencing inside her belly, at the
  same time the protrusion at the entrance of her pussy, elongated it's self
  and went deep inside her and started fucking her like a big penis, a second
  later the part of her breasts that had been sucked in the two tubes were hit
  by a jet of molten wax, just for a second and then the wax was sucked back
  before it cooled, two seconds later they were hit again by another wave of
  molten wax which was also sucked back, her breasts kept being burned every
  two seconds. Helen now was screaming continuously as all these sensations were
  hitting her at the same time, it kept on and on and when she felt that her
  belly would explode from all the icy water in it, suddenly she felt it being
  sucked out of her, she feared her bowels would be pulled out too.  
When all the water was out of her, a second later another jet of hot water
  started shooting in her ass, making her feel like there was molten metal spreading
  inside her,  
Just as she was about to scream again, she lost her voice and just gasped
  as the tubes on her breasts stopped shooting molten wax on her nipples and
  instead shot on them ice cold water, she was about to scream again but once
  more lost her voice as there was a massive electric discharge all along the
  steel penis inside her pussy, hitting all the nerve meridians in her loins
  and lower belly, suddenly making her feel an arousal like never before, she
  felt herself reaching levels of ecstasy never felt by any other woman, and
  as she was rushing head on for the most powerful orgasm in her young life,
  the tubes around her breasts also hit her with a massive electric discharge,
  that brought her over the edge to an orgasm that shook her entire body and
  the machine kept her cumming on and on. It fluctuated by hitting one nipple
  with hot wax and the other with icy water simultaneously, changed back to icy
  water in her ass, more electric shocks, and Helen started to see stars and
  didn't know if she could go on much more, she had never had such a prolonged
  orgasm and she was beginning to feel cramps in her belly, but the hairy man
  kept her going for two hours, besides himself with excitement not only that
  his machine actually worked, but because he could bring that slut strapped
  inside it to an orgasm anytime he wanted, so he made it as hard and as intense
  as the machine could provide.  
When he finally shut down his invention and opened it, so as to release her,
  Helen was almost unconscious, he released her from all her bonds and helped
  her to stand up, but realized that she was so exhausted that she could hardly
  support herself, so he led her to one of the huge couches and lay her on it
  and looked at her body with lust. She had angry dark circles around each of
  her nipples, were the machine had sucked on them and although she had been
  in his machine for two solid hours, she now looked so fuckable, he put his
  hands behind her knees and started lifting and spreading her legs.  
-Please&hellip;uhhh&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.don't do this&hellip;&hellip;..I..I
  am sooo tired, She pleaded with him.  
But there was no stopping him, his machine had fucked her and so would he
  now, he placed her legs over his shoulders and put his dick at the entrance
  of her pussy, which he now felt had been so wonderfully stretched by his machine,
  and with one strong push slid all of his penis inside her.  
-Uuuunnnngghh&hellip;&hellip;.no&hellip;&hellip;.no..more..please,Helen moaned,
  but to no avail.  
This slut is soooo beautiful, He thought, I wish I could afford to buy her
  from GB, but she said she has other plans for her, and he started fucking her
  with a passion almost becoming violent. Everything about this slut turned him
  on, the expressions of her beautiful face, whether it was of pain, rapture
  or pleasure, they were all intensely stimulating. He fucked her hard and was
  amazed when after some time her moaning of protest started turning to moans
  of pleasure. He had never turned a woman on, not with the way he looked or
  the shape of his hairy body, he had never been able to date the women he wanted
  and the whores he hired always faked their reactions and their orgasms, but
  this slut was genuinely getting turned on by him, he could also tell by the
  way her pussy was soaking wet, so he fucked her with even more passion and
  very quickly she was crying out her pleasure. He pulled her legs off his shoulders
  and spread them wide on each side of him, and, put his hands behind her shoulders
  and lifted her up close to him and asked her everything he had always wanted
  to ask the women he fucked:  
-Do you like the way I'm fucking you, you cunt.  
-Aahhh&hellip;.I&hellip;.it&hellip;yess, She moaned in her pleasure.  
-Do you want me to fuck you some more, you slut, you fucking whore?  
-Uuunnngghh&hellip;. You&hellip; yesss..fuck me&hellip; hard, She gasped.  
This whore is really meaning it, he thought in increasing amazement and his
  excitement was reaching levels he had never experienced before, as never had
  a woman responded to him like this, never mind such a beautiful one.  
He brought his face close to hers to kiss her expecting her to turn away
  from him in disgust, something that happened with his whores even though he
  was paying them , but when he crushed his mouth to hers and pushed his tongue
  deep into her mouth, he was stunned and thought he was dreaming when she put
  her arms around him and opened her mouth wide to accept him and her tongue
  played with his in a wicked way, as though they had been lovers for a long
  time, at that moment he fell in love with her.  
He pulled away and asked her again:  
-Tell me whore, is this the best fuck you ever had?  
-Aaaagggnnnh&hellip;&hellip;ohh..yes the best&hellip;the best fuck of my&hellip;&hellip;life,
  She cried out as a powerful orgasm built inside her.  
-Do you love my dick inside you, is it the best dick you ever had? He asked
  her so excited, just needing the right reply to cum hard.  
-Yesssss&hellip;.yes it&hellip;.it's the best &hellip;&hellip;..dick that
  ever&hellip;..fucked &hellip;me&hellip;.aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh&hellip;I&hellip;..I'm
  cuuuummmming, She said throwing her head back and screaming.  
It was the first time the hairy man had made a woman orgasm and with her
  last words spoken in passion, he climaxed cuming inside her like he never had
  before in his life, so hard that he thought his penis would explode and when
  finally it was all over, he collapsed on top of her drenching her with his
  sweat. After a long time he got up and looked at the beauty lying on the couch
  with his sperm trickling out of her pussy and he vowed to himself that no mater
  what, he would have to take this woman away from this place.  
Chapter four   
   
When her first customer had left, Helen curled like a child on the couch,
  bringing her knees close to her chest and despite the large amount of sperm
  seeping out of her pussy and down her legs, she slowly drifted into sleep.  
Later on, the massive black bodyguard came and picked her up like a child
  and took her down to the basement with the marble pool, and gently lowered
  her in it's shallow end. The warm water revived her a bit and after a while
  a different whore came to her and washed her and then gently fucked her in
  her ass and brought her off to a mild orgasm, then she guided her to her room
  which was of amazing luxury and she lied on an enormous bed and quickly fell
  into a deep sleep.  
It was true that they took great care of her, for the next three days she
  was pampered and massaged and washed with scented oils but every time she was
  bathed by a different whore, she was fucked in the ass by her. At one time
  she thought to herself,  
I can't believe I acted like I did with my first customer, giving
      myself so completely to him,  she did not feel any shame but
      wondered,  is this place doing something to me, is it not having
      any choice that turns me on so much?   
On the fourth day, after she had been bathed, fucked in the ass and made
  up by a different whore, the woman told her that she was going to meet her
  next customers, there were two of them.  
She was led to the same large salon where she had had her first customer
  but did not stop there, but passed through it into another chamber that was
  totally different, the entire floor was laid with a hard black material like
  polished steel, every few feet, all around the perimeter of the floor there
  was a five foot tall pod with a glass sphere on their top. Helen was led to
  the centre of the room were there was a chain hanging from the ceiling and
  a six foot long metal bar on the floor, the escorting whore took Helen's wrists
  and wrapped around them the leather straps attached to the end of the chain
  and then went to a switch on the wall and pressed on it and the chain started
  lifting Helen's arms, just when she was lifted a few inches off the floor,
  the whore came to her and tied the straps at one end of the metal rod to her
  left ankle and then spread her legs wide and strapped her right ankle to the
  straps on the other end of the steel rod, then she pressed the switch again
  and lifted Helen a few inches more off the ground, then she left and Helen
  was alone hanging in this awkward position. She found herself once again tingling
  with anticipation as what was going to be done to her, she thought:  That
  machine, a few days ago really blew my mind, although after a while it felt
  as though it would turn me inside out, in the end it offered me more intense
  feelings than any of those stupid sessions which my husband took me, funny
  to still think of him as my husband, he is free and I am becoming a whore because
  of him.  There was no regret in her thoughts, it was obvious now
  there was no way out of her present predicament, so she might as well enjoy
  what came her way.  
After being suspended for a long time, two short very strange men entered
  the chamber, they were oriental in their features with black oiled hair pulled
  back into pony tails, with heavy shoulders and massively muscled arms they
  were in their middle thirties, their entire bodies were covered in intricate
  tattoos, they must be Japanese Yakuza bosses  , Helen
  thought,  I heard about them and how ruthless and sadistic their
  sessions are  . Her ex husband had told her about them and how they
  tormented the women that had been na&iuml;ve enough to accept to participate
  in their sessions. Although the anticipation of things to come continued to
  tingle in her loins, she was now genuinely afraid.  
The two men approached her and started exploring her body with very rough
  hands, they were wearing loincloths around their waist and they stood in front
  of her and took them off, revealing two massive penises each at least 12 inches
  long with massive heads and covered in tattoos. When they saw the surprise
  in her eyes, as she had never seen any penises so big, they laughed and talked
  between them in a language she could not understand. They kept feeling her
  body for sometime exploring her pussy and anus , then they went near one of
  the pods and brought a few things with them.  
One of them brought close to her left nipple a nasty looking steel clip with
  a small metal ball at it's end he fitted it around her nipple and closed the
  lock shut making it close on the nipple so tightly it almost pierced it.  
-Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaggghhhhhhhhhh&hellip;&hellip;nooooooooooooooo&hellip;..,Helen
  screamed from the pain, this time she was not fitted with a gag, as these two
  monsters wanted to hear her scream.  
Then they fitted her other nipple with s similar clip and she screamed again.
  They then brought a larger clip but similar to the ones on her breasts and
  fitted it on her clit and locked the two ends so tight they almost connected
  through her clit.  
-Noooooooooo&hellip;aaaaaaaagggggggggggggghhhhhhh&hellip;.ta&hellip;..take
  it&hellip;&hellip;off ..pleeeeeaase..,she screamed again, but to no avail.  
Then they moved behind her and one of them put his rough hands on her big
  ass and spread the cheeks open, while the other one started lubricating with
  KY jelly an eight inch long heavy butt plug made out of solid steel and which
  also at it's back had a small round ball, and started pushing it in her anus
  which resisted it only for a moment and then slipped inside her.  
-Uuuunnnggghhh&hellip;..what&hellip;.did you&hellip;do&hellip;.what is &hellip;.inside
  me? She pleaded with them, but they paid no attention to her pleas.  
One of them went to the switch on the wall and lowered the chain until her
  feet touched the ground and stopped so that her arms were still held high,
  while the other came close to her and slapped her breasts hard to make sure
  the clips were properly fastened, thus causing her more pain and making her
  whimper. The other Yakuza came behind her and slapped her big ass cheeks several
  times very hard to see how the butt plug quivered, causing more whimpering
  from her. They then proceeded to release her from all her bonds and when done
  they pushed a piece of paper in her face for her to read, it said:  
"  These gentlemen do not speak your language, they
  will sit some distance from you and you must try to run out of the steel floor
  area and out side the perimeter of the pods, if you succeed, you will be freed
  from this place"  
The tattooed men left her standing in the middle of the steel floor and moved
  out side the perimeter of the pods, picked up what looked like a control box
  and sat on the floor, then one of them nodded to her to start her desperate
  attempt to freedom.  
Helen looked at them and saw them grinning with evil glee, wondering what
  was the trap they had set up for her, she would soon find out.  
She turned to run towards the direction of the door she had entered the chamber
  and had managed to run four steps, when from two pods each on opposite sides
  of the room, a lightning bolt of electricity sliced through the air and connected
  with the metal clips on each of her nipples. Helen was stopped dead in her
  tracks, a massive explosion of pain exploded inside her breasts and seemed
  to stretch over her entire chest.  
-Aaaaaaagggggggggnhhh&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.noooooooooooo, she let out
  a scream like never before, she thought her breasts had been burned to a crisp,
  but she looked down and there was no marks on them.  
She collected what strength she had and made another run for the door, two
  steps later another lightning bolt sliced through the air and hit the metal
  clip on her clit and she felt like her clit was on fire and an explosion of
  pain inside her belly, so powerful was the pain that she could only gasp and
  she fell on her hands and knees,  
as soon as she touched the floor in this position an even more powerful bolt
  of electricity hit the steel butt plug in her ass making her throw her head
  back and scream as the explosion of pain went up her spine and hit the back
  of her head.  
How stupid I was to think they would ever give me a chance to escape
      from this place, these two monsters are slowly killing me with their game.   
   
She slowly gathered herself and managed to start moving towards the door
  on her hands and knees, but could not see the sadistic grin on the faces of
  the two Yakuza  
as they turned the level of the electricity power to it's maximum red level
  on the control box one of them held.  
Suddenly a tremendous jolt sliced the air, coming from all the pods around
  the metal floor and lighting up the chamber, hit her at all four metal contacts
  on her body simultaneously, lifting her for a second off the floor and then
  she collapsed and blacked out. She was out only for a few minutes and when
  she started coming to, she felt the metal clips being removed from her body
  and the steel butt plug slowly pulled out of her.  
She tried to move but her muscles had received such a drain of power from
  the powerful electrical discharge, that she was as though made out of jelly.
  Then she was rolled on her back and her legs were lifted up and bent over her
  head, then spread and then bent some more on each side of her shoulders and
  then pushed under her shoulder blades were her ankles were tied together with
  a latex rope, then her hands were pulled on each side of her, pressing behind
  her thighs, pushed to the small of her back and also tied up with similar rope.
  She was now bent completely in two in a most uncomfortable and utterly helpless
  position, she felt completely exposed to these men.  
My muscles are hurting me, they feel so stretched,   she
  thought, I cant's stay like this too long.   
Both the Yakuza went to her ankles and wrapped around each one the thick
  padded straps that had held her wrists, and then tied the bonds to the chain
  hanging from the ceiling, which had now been lowered again. One of then pressed
  the switch on the wall and Helen started being pulled up, the strain on her
  muscles was heavy and she protested to them, but it was in vain. She was lifted
  several feet off the floor and stopped, she was in the most helpless position,
  her legs were pushed and tied behind her back, pressing on her shoulder blades
  and her feet were higher than her head facing the ceiling, her toes pointing
  away from her head, her hands tightly bound behind her and resting on the small
  of her back.  
The two man were fitting something on the floor directly under her, it was
  a large metal base, several feet in diameter and in the middle there ware two
  ten inch long glass tubes two inches wide and inside the centre of each tube
  was a thin metal rod going up almost to the top of the tubes. They lubricated
  the tubes with KY jelly  
and then they started lowering Helen towards the tubes, when she felt herself
  being lowered, she thought, what are they going to do to me now?  And
  when she felt the two tubes pressing against her pussy and anus she thought, Oh
  no, what are they pushing inside me, they're big and they're hurting me  ,
  and a few seconds later as the two tubes parted her pussy and anus simultaneously
  and started sliding inside her she cried out.  
-Uuuuuggghh&hellip;..stop&hellip;&hellip;no..stop&hellip;these things are&hellip;.too
  big&hellip;stop.  
But no heed was paid to her pleas and they kept lowering her, the weight
  of her body impaling her on the two tubes until her ass cheeks touched the
  metal base and she had all of the glass devises inside her.  
I feel so stuffed with these things, whatever they are, they're
      too big and they're too deep. What is going to happen now?   
They brought two more glass tubes, shorter than those now inside her, these
  ones were much wider and had a rubber bulb at their back, They look
  like lactating pumps,  she thought, but they too had a small metal
  rod inside them an inch long and sealed at the top with a glass cover. There
  was a thin wire leading away from the back each of the rubber bulbs.  
 They lubricated the glass ring of the tubes, squeezed the rubber bulb, fitted
  them over her nipples and breasts and then released the bulb and her nipples
  and some of her breasts were sucked in the tube, making her nipples expand
  and become sensitive and somehow it brought a tingle in her loins.  
Then one of the Yakuza came and stood in front of her face, the way she was
  now impaled her face looked directly at the man's penis, he came closer to
  her and she understood what was expected of her, she opened her mouth wide
  and he pushed his cock inside, grabbed her hair and started fucking her in
  her mouth. Suddenly, although she could not see it, the metal rods in the tubes
  in her ass and pussy produced an electric discharge that connected from the
  metal rods to the glass surface and running up and down their length, this
  produced a burning sensation, mildly painful running up and down the length
  inside her ass and pussy, Helen could not believe how incredibly aroused she
  became within seconds, she loved what the glass tubes were doing to her, it
  was fantastic, just the right amount of burning, just the right amount of mild
  pain, running from her anus to the very depths of her bowels and from the entrance
  of her pussy and touching her womb, at that same moment, the tubes holding
  her nipples came live and another mildly painful mildly hot sensation hit her
  breasts. She became so aroused she sucked on the penis in her mouth hard wanting
  to consume it, swallow it if she could. The other Yakuza came behind her holding
  a wide, red, lit candle and started dropping molten hot wax on her upturned
  feet, it burned hot but at her present level of arousal she welcomed the sensation.  
The tattooed man was fucking her mouth hard now, he thought, this
      whore is sucking my dick as good as any Japanese whore, and they are really
      good over there.   
Helen was hit by an orgasm that felt as though she was thrown off a cliff,
  she sucked hard on the penis in her mouth and moaned her pleasure around it
  and the Yakuza grabbed her hair tightly and started shooting his sperm inside
  her warm moist mouth, glob after glob he shot and she swallowed hungrily hoping
  there was more, and there was, and when finally she had swallowed every last
  drop he had, he pulled out and a small sticky remain of his sperm connected
  the head of his penis with her mouth for a few seconds before it broke off.  
The other Yakuza now took his place and pushed his penis in her mouth and
  started fucking her face, while the one that had just finished went to some
  controls and increased the volume of the electricity flowing in the glass tubes
  and then picked up the lit candle and started dropping it's molten contents
  on her shoulders, her back  
and down her bent backward legs.  
Once again Helen was hit by a mind shattering orgasm and she was rewarded
  by a heavy load of sperm from the large cock in her mouth. They took turns
  in fucking her face and marvelled at her ability to keep swallowing all the
  sperm they had to give her.  
Two hours later, the two Yakuza retired, completely spent and left Helen
  were she was still receiving the jolts of electricity inside her. She was also
  exhausted and had cramps in her lower belly from the many powerful orgasm she
  kept having, she felt like she had swallowed a gallon of sperm as it lay heavy
  in her stomach. She remained for a long time as she was, until Ann the first
  whore she had met came in the chamber and walked close to her.  
-Please release me&hellip;.I&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.I can't take&hellip;&hellip;..much
  more..of&hellip;&hellip;of&hellip;..this&hellip;&hellip;please  
-Oh, you look so nice and cosy Helen, Ann said to her, it would be a shame
  to stop the fun you are having, those things must feel sooooo nice inside you,
  and those nipples of yours look like they need some more tickling by the tubes,
  you look ready to have another orgasm.  
-Ohhh&hellip;..yes&hellip;I&hellip;yes uuunnnngghhh&hellip;..I can't &hellip;&hellip;.I&mdash;can't
  take it..uuhhh&hellip;any..more&hellip;&hellip;please&hellip;.release..me&hellip;I&hellip;&hellip;I'm
  cummmmmiiiiing  
aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh , Helen cried out as another orgasm hit her making the
  muscles of her belly contract again painfully now.  
-Oh honey, you look so nice when you cum, I just couldn't stop you from having
  all this pleasure, Ann told her and went close, kissed her lightly on her lips
  which were smeared with the sperm of the two Yakuza and then got up and walked
  away.  
-Noooooo&hellip;Ann&hellip;.please&hellip;help me &hellip;&hellip;I&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.I&hellip;&hellip;.I'm
  cuming&hellip;.again&hellip;&hellip;.aaaaahhhhhhhhhhh, Helen cried out in despair
  and pleasure as another orgasm hit her.  
I can't take much more of this,  Helen thought,  these
      things inside me are going to kill me from the pleasure and my legs hurt
      soooo much from this awful stretching, someone must help me.   
She was left for almost an hour as she was, having one orgasm after another
  and feeling herself growing weaker, then Ann came to her again, cut the power
  of the glass tubes, lifted her off them and released her legs from behind her.
  Helen had screamed when her legs were unfolded, the pain on her muscles had
  been terrible, it was with great difficulty, and after a while, that she could
  follow Ann to the bathing pool to be washed. Afterwards, while Ann was fucking
  her gently in her ass Helen asked her:  
-Why didn't you release me the first time you came to me?  
-Honey, you look so beautiful when you're helpless, and something about the
  way you acted told me that deep inside you, you didn't want to be released
  just then, you wanted to feel helpless for a while longer, isn't so darling?  
Helen savoured the gentle movement of the plastic penis in her ass and answered
  after a while:  
-Uuhhh&hellip;&hellip;yes&hellip;&hellip;.I&hellip;..was somehow satisfied
  when&hellip;&hellip;..when you left me there&hellip;is&hellip;is there something&hellip;..wrong
  with&hellip;..with me?  
-Oh honey, there's nothing wrong, you just secretly enjoy being a whore,
  maybe because you always were one.  
Is that true,  thought Helen, then she remembered all
  those sessions and all those people her ex husband has offered her to and how
  wantonly she had acted,  could it be that Ann is right, was I a whore
  all along or did I secretly want to be one, it's so confusing, if I was given
  a choice by my ex husband would I have chosen to become one?   
She was too tired to think about it, she leaned her head back on Ann's shoulder
  and enjoyed the beautiful sensation in her anus.  
Chapter five   
   
The next few days, were days of pampering and relaxation for Helen. The other
  whores bathed her in the marble pool, which was filled with warm water and
  washed her with perfumed soaps. She was given twice a day a soft sensual massage
  with scented oils, all over her beautiful body, her hair combed constantly
  with natural hair brushes and oils, making it shiny and soft, it now reached
  all the way down to her big ass.  
The small oriental girl spread the scented oil, with her small hands, slowly
  up and down Helen's smooth slim back, reaching down to the big curve of her
  ass. She was an expert in how to make her relax and drift into a semi sleep.
  She dripped more oil into her small palms and started spreading it on the beautiful
  ass beneath her. If only I had an ass like this one  ,
  thought the small girl. Soft hands worked the oil onto the smooth ivory white
  skin, massaging, caressing, then softly teasing. She slowly spread the two
  perfectly curved mounds and revealed the delectable pink anus.  
Slowly, she brought her mouth close and her wet pink tongue quickly caressed
  the pink hole. Helen let out a soft lazy moan.  
Truly, she is more sensitive in her anus than anywhere else on
      her body ,  thought the petite girl, I wonder if I
      can do what I always dreamed of doing to her.   
She spread the ivory mounds wider and brought her mouth closer until it covered
  the vulnerable anus, her tongue slid further out and gently pushed inside the
  pink hole and started caressing around and around from the inside.  
She is so beautifully loose, I think I might get away with what
      I want this time,  she thought.  
-Mmmmmm&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;yeeessssssss, moaned softly Helen
  and pushed her ass slightly towards the velvet tongue inside her.  
The slim girl kept the caressing motion for a while and then, very slowly
  lifted her head and released the large mounds of flesh. She took the jar with
  the scented oil and lifted it to her mouth and tipped it, letting the liquid
  drip inside and fill her all the way to her lips. She closed her mouth, now
  full with the oil and put the jar silently in it's place. He head dipped again
  after spreading again the magnificent ass cheeks, she pressed her mouth around
  Helen's anus and with little effort pressure pumped the oil into the beautiful
  ass.  
Helen moaned again from the feeling of the warm liquid filling her ass, she
  slowly turned her head on the other side and passed her sweet tongue over her
  lips once, as she began to feel the heat between her loins increasing.  
The oriental girl pushed her tongue once again inside the now relaxed anus
  and, for a while resumed licking it from the inside. Helen was now seriously
  turned on.  
Gently, the girl removed her tongue from the pink anus and watched as some
  of the oil seeped out.  
Good, nice and slippery and wonderfully loose,   she
  thought, I must do this now.   
She bought a childlike finger on the anus and slowly let it slip inside.
  Moved it in and out for a while, then pulled it out and joined two other fingers
  to the first and slowly applied pressure as the little anus reluctantly started
  to expand.  
Mmmmmmmm&hellip;&hellip;.what are you doing, murmured Helen sleepily, as
  she felt the pressure.  
-Relax honey, said the oriental girl, let yourself open up and enjoy what
  I will do.  
She moved the fingers around and around in Helen's anus, for a while. Then
  she pulled them out and brought all five fingers close together, like a weapon,
  the way only oriental women can, and pressed them on the now relaxed anus.  
With a slow but firm motion, she pushed her bunched fingers against the reluctant
  anus and felt it begin to resist her. She kept up the pressure of the inward
  motion and kept pushing even when Helen lifted her pretty head and cried "It
  huuuuuurrrrtsss".  
Slowly, and despite Helen's increased protests, just as the anus was stretched
  around the knuckles of the little hand, it gave up and surrendered completely
  and the hand slid with a slow reluctant motion, deep into Helen's big ass.  
-What have you done to me, it's too big, please take it out, protested Helen
  as she clutched tightly the silk bed sheets with her delicate hands.  
-Ssssssshhhhhh my pretty little whore, said the oriental woman, you will
  begin to love it soon, relax and let me fuck you in your ass in my own way.  
With those words, the slim little woman started licking and nibbling the
  back of Helen's neck, while at the same time she started a slow in and out
  movement of her hand that was deep inside the big ass.  
Helen, having had so many anal experiences, did not take long to start enjoying
  the discomfort but also the largeness of the hand moving so deep inside her.
  Slowly with each forward push, the oriental woman pushed her hand a little
  deeper inside the lovely ass, until she reached the curve of the colon deep
  inside it. Then, with the knowledge of ancient forbidden oriental practices
  unknown to the western world, she slowly, gently unfolded her slim fingers
  partly, turned her hand upwards, pushed a little forwards, turned the hand
  back again, making sure the bent fingers had passed over the curve of the colon
  and with a well practiced worming motion, brought has whole hand past the curve.
  Helen's face suddenly started having interchanging expressions of surprise,
  huge discomfort, and pleasure unknown to her up to this moment. She felt an
  enormous fullness inside her, as the oriental woman slowly started sliding
  her hand into Helen's bowels, now having almost all of her arm inside Helen's
  nether region.  
-I feel sooooooo full, gasped Helen.  
Then, with an expert movement, Helen was turned on her back feeling the arm
  of the other woman sliding even deeper inside her and making her cry out, almost
  scream.  
Without any warning, and with an expert movement so fast that Helen had no
  time to understand or foresee, the little woman, dipped her other hand into
  the exotic oil and bunched her fingers just as she had done with her other
  hand and slid them into Helen's already moist pussy, sliding it all the way
  inside in one firm slippery motion.  
-Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuunnnnnnnnnnggggggghhhhhhhhh Helen moaned and bit the silk
  bed sheets as she felt herself being filled to almost bursting proportions
  deep inside her pussy.  
-It&hellip;..it..'s too much&hellip;&hellip;..you're too&hellip;.uuuunnnggghhh&hellip;.too&hellip;.uuunngghh &hellip;deep,
  moaned Helen.  
The slim oriental girl started a slow rhythmic interchanging movement with
  both hands, when the one in the beautiful woman's ass went in, the one in her
  pussy went out. Sometimes she would push both hands in at the same time making
  Helen moan and shudder at the immense filling sensation she would experience.
  Slowly the delicate hand in her pussy went deeper and deeper until the little
  fingers found her womb and in another ancient and forbidden oriental practice,
  they circled around the sensitive womb.  
Slowly Helen started building up to an enormous orgasm brought by sensation
  she had never dreamed of or felt before. Just as she was reaching the edge
  to her peak and was about to come, the little woman who was seducing her, sensed
  her peak and suddenly her small fingers squeezed hard Helen's womb.  
-Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagggggggghhhhhh&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;nnnnooooooooooooooo&hellip;..,
  screamed Helen from the searing agony that exploded inside her lower belly.
  She tried to move away, but the little girl tormenting her only squeezed her
  womb harder and made her feel as though there was a searing red hot metal engulfing
  her womb.  
-Nnnnnoooooooooooo&hellip;&hellip;..aaaaaaaaaaagggghhhh&hellip;&hellip;..st&hellip;please&hellip;stop&hellip;aaaaaaaaagggghhh&hellip;.
  you&hellip;&hellip;you&hellip;&hellip;.you're&hellip;.killing me&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;nnnnooooooooo&hellip;&hellip;..screamed
  Helen, feeling like she had a burning hot knife twisting inside her.  
-Yes my sweet little whore, whispered in her ear the oriental girl, welcome
  to the world of the "Miko", where I can make you feel pleasure an pain within
  an instant, with those words said, she released Helen's womb and started the
  inand out motion again in her pussy.  
The pain disappeared immediately and was replaced by the pleasure that had
  been so abruptly disrupted.  
Helen could not believe how suddenly the pain had gone and was replaced by
  so much pleasure. She started again her ascent to the edge that would top her
  over into an incredible orgasm, and when she was almost there, her small tormentor
  squeezer her womb harder than before, making Helen throw back her head and
  scream like she had never screamed before from the overwhelming agony she felt.  
   The little oriental girl kept Helen in a state of
  ecstasy and torment for nearly two hours. By then, Helen was almost delirious
  from the deprivation of her release and the agonies she was induced to. She
  was so exhausted that she just lay on the bed, sweet saliva drooling from her
  mouth moaning and too tired to move. Slowly the oriental girl once again released
  her womb and begun lifting her up to that high cliff were Helen's orgasm had
  been so many times deprived from her, only this time she let her go over the
  edge and when Helen started to cum, she was hit so hard by her release that
  she felt she was being engulfed by a tidal wave that swept her up, and tossed
  her around like a ride on a giant roller coaster. She felt her body spasming
  and shaking and her senses fading away until darkness engulfed her like a veil
  and she fell into a deep sleep like a coma.  
Chapter six   
   
For the next two weeks Helen was taken good care of and pampered, she now
  lay on her large bed and a black whore sat on the small of her back giving
  her an expert massage with her small hands, while Helen was half asleep.  
Ann walked in the room and told Helen that someone was waiting for her, then
  she took her down to the same place that the Yakuza had used her, and there
  she saw the hardest looking woman she could ever imagine existed.  
She was tall, clad in skin tight black leather shirt and trousers with black
  stiletto heeled shoes, white hair cut short like a man's, eyes so pale they
  almost looked all white, a hard dry face with lips so thin, as though the skin
  had been sliced with a knife, the skin of her face was dry and full of small
  holes and her cheeks were withdrawn resembling a skull, and bony hands with
  long fingers that looked like talons. She was known as GB or the German Bitch.  
-At last we meet slut, you are truly beautiful, I'm here today to take you
  away and properly dispose of you, like all of you pretty English sluts deserve.
  She said with a voice as raspy as sandpaper.  
Helen dared to reply:  
-Like you did Barbara?  
-So, you know about her ehh, yes, she looked a lot like you and got what
  she deserved and so will you.  
-What are you going to do with me?  
-I am going to properly "package" you and ship you off to my own private
  island, There, you will join our society were you will be mated with some very
  aliens and breed with them. Now put your hands close to your body, step on
  this round plate on the floor, and stay still.  
- What kind of new madness is she preparing me for now  ?
  Thought Helen.  
Helen did as she was ordered, and stood to attention. There was s soft humming
  noise and a very strange looking machine was lowered from the ceiling. GB came
  close to her and bend down to her ankles. She produced a wide leather strap
  and closed it around Helen's delicate ankles and tied the straps tightly. She
  did the same with other straps just below Helen's knees and just above the
  knees. Then tightly fastened a wider strap around her waist pressing her hands
  firmly to the sides of her body. Then she fastened one more around her body,
  just under her breasts. She moved behind Helen and produced a latex mask with
  glass visuals for the eyes and there was a nozzle protruding at the place were
  the nose and mouth would be covered. GB fitted the mask tightly over Helens
  head, then connected the end of the nozzle to a small cylinder which would
  provide the breathing air for her, during her journey.  
GB then went to the strange machine and played with the controls. Suddenly
  the machine started to hum and a very large glass cylinder was lowered from
  the ceiling. By the time it reached the floor Helen was completely engulfed
  in it. A blue fluorescent liquid started filling up the glass cylinder slowly
  engulfing the helpless beautiful whore. Helen panicked but was completely restrained
  with no movement possible. As the blue liquid rose over her knees, she felt
  s strong tightness all around her legs. As it rose to her waist and then her
  neck, she felt her body squeezed hard all around. Then the liquid rose over
  her head and the cylinder was completely full.  
-In an hour or so, said GB, this will become solid and non transparent. No
  x-ray can penetrate it, so we will pass you through customs easily. You will
  remain inside this cylinder for 48 hours, which is the time I need to get you
  on my island. You will be moved out tonight my sweet pretty English whore.
  I must leave you now, sweet dreams. With that statement, GB pressed a button
  an a small remote control she had in her hand and a sweet smelling tranquilizing
  gas was pumped into the mask over Helen's face. She was asleep within seconds.  
Epilogue   
That same night at the dockyards, a crane was lifting a very large crate
  into a small fast cargo vessel. Nobody would have guessed of the human cargo
  fast asleep inside that innocent looking crate.  
When that crate was unleaded on GB's secret island, Helen's nightmares would
  just begin&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;..  
 The End  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dimitri Perdikis


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





