BDSM Library - The Orc's Plaything




The Orc's Plaything
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A half breed Elven Woman falls falls into the loving hand of an Orc and feels the Mercy of his God...The Orc's Plaything
"Oooooooh mommy what is it?"    

"It's a&hellip; I mean she's a mix breed&hellip;. She is Human and&hellip;.&hellip;.you
    can tell by&hellip;." 
   
  I watched as the elven child scuttled behind the robes of her mother legs.
  As I moved on though the crowd, the whispered words followed my path as eyes
  bore into the deep shadow of the robe I wore.. Children at least were more
  honest in their reaction. The adults thought they were so subtle in their horror   
"Sil&hellip;.Sil&hellip;.damn it&hellip; would you please wait up
    you cantankerous bitch&hellip;" 
   
  The sound of the voice behind me made me just move a little faster&hellip;only
  now I had a smile on my face&hellip;Findecano Tenehtele had been the bane of
  my existence since, well forever I guess.   
I didn't see the hand that reached out, one moment I was walking and
    the next I had been spun to face a towering warrior&hellip; the cowl covering
    my head thrown back&hellip;. In an instant the warriors eyes widened in shock
    but the shock lasted only a heartbeat. It was replaced by the realization
    that he was about to die&hellip; 
   
"You will unhand her&hellip;.Now" the quiet conviction in the voice left no doubt
in anyone's mind that the speaker would do whatever it took to see that his order
was obeyed&hellip; 
   
  As I looked into the eyes of the fair warrior, I saw more than I ever wanted
  to see. Some things never changed, in the largest of our cities or the smallest
  village. His eyes were filled with pity for the creature before him. His head
  turned, his eyes following the shaft of the arrow to piercing blue eyes filled
  with total and complete resolve. The hand on my wrist loosened and I was free. "Fin
  release him." Without another word I turned and was gone. I stopped listening
  to everything around me. I didn't see the rage in Fin's eyes or hear the curses
  as he gave the elf my identity or the low spoken apology for bothering me.
  I didn't hear the whispering awe echoing through the crowd&hellip;'...nothing
  human about her at all"&hellip;.Why bother to listen at all, .I'd heard it
  all before. Even in this backwater village where we were nothing more than
  just strangers passing through, they knew&hellip;&hellip; "Silmarwen Elensar&hellip;.She
  who could not be&hellip; but is&hellip;."   
   
  `````   
"&hellip;after the battle she was raped&hellip;even after seven
      centuries a single human breeding and still they pay the price but don't
      you think this is too much to ask&hellip; no one deserves to be burdened
      with that&hellip;" 
   
  ```` 
"&hellip;should have just killed it&hellip;" 
    ``````  
"Momma, why do people hate me?" 
   
"Sil, baby, they don't hate you. They don't even know you."   
````` 
   
    Thinking back on her words I wonder if she truly believed
  it or if she was just trying to convince herself or only me. Standing before
  the quite pond, I look into the reflection. Letting the cloak float to the
  ground, the hood that protects me most of the time gone. Before me is a woman
  small yet deceptively strong. The lines of her body gracefully built. Eyes
  the icy blue of her elfin heritage, ears with the typical point usually hidden
  by the cowl, lips full and skin so smooth&hellip; so soft&hellip;the skin tone
  so hideously Orcin .. 
   
  Raising my eyes I watch as the sun begins its final decent, kneeling I begin
  my evening prayers&hellip; 
   
  ```````````   
Nazbog Stormterror, the name echoed though the caverns. The legend
    had not lied. As he walked among the restless horde, his low growl gave warning
    to all he encountered. "Can you smell it?" his eyes searching those around
    him. "The stink of Elven flesh . Tonight, as the clans join under a moonless
    sky, we rid the world of a little more of it's stink" His laughter echoed
    off the walls finding joy in the terror tonight promised. He had looked down
    upon the elf village behind its high wall so far below. He had planned this
    invasion. Tonight with the moon gone and the world covered in total darkness
    they would strike. They would kill every man woman and child inside the walled
    village. Through his will the Orc General had taken a disorganized horde
    and turned it into a killing machine. He had through strength of will, brought
    together clan armies and turned them in to a tool of his will "Tonight" the
    thought filled him as he watched the last rays of the dying sun&hellip; tonight&hellip; victory
    over his peoples enemies would belong to him&hellip;. "Tonight we move in
    silence&hellip;" the bodies began moving out of the home camp caves into
    the darkness of the world&hellip; 
   
  ````````   
Fin followed the path out of the city. The final rays of the dying
    sun had long since passed from sight.  
   
"Damn her, she will be the death of me ye&hellip;..&hellip;" 
   
  It was the last though he was to every voice as he looked down with puzzled
  eyes at the shaft of the arrow protruding though his chest&hellip; 
   
  `````````   
At first I couldn't place the sound. The last words of my pray filling
    my mind, then it struck me. It was not the sound of something it was the
    sound of nothing. As the night had fully descended, the forest around me
    had gone silent. Something was wrong. I had to get back to the village. Now!
    Throwing the cloak around me I started running. The darkness of the forests
    enveloping me. Even with the enhanced eyesight my Elvin heredity afforded
    me, I didn't see what tripped me. One moment I was running full out, the
    next I was flat on my face in the middle of the path. Turning my head I came
    face to face with the sightless eyes of Fin. Rolling over I came to a sitting
    position.. then start scooting back away from him as I took in the bloody
    sight.. My retreat is stopped by the feel of two muscular legs at my back.
    Looking up my eyes encounter the soulless pitiless eyes of an Orc in full
    armor&hellip;.The last though I had as I felt the blow to the side of the
    head was that I faced "He is Death incarnate &hellip;.." 
   
  Fire filled the sky&hellip; screams the air&hellip;. The sights, sounds and
  smells of battle raged though the night&hellip;I never heard any of it&hellip;  
   
  ```` 
"Besides still alive, what the hell is it?" 
   
  The kick to the ribs and the sound of the hoarse voice woke me to the dawning
  light&hellip;. I could smell blood and flesh burning on the morning breeze.
  I rolled away from the foot as it tried to catch me again only to be brought
  up short&hellip;looking up from the ground I find myself meeting the eyes of
  the monster from last night&hellip;   
 
"What it is, is Mine... Does  anyone   have
any questions as to what that means?" 
   
  The other ones pulled back mumbling their answers as they retreating from the
  giant. 
   
  Looking down he could see the color of my eyes and the color of my skin. With
  the ease born of experience I could read it in his eyes. I was an abomination.
  An insult to whatever God he worshipped and now I was his. Reaching down he
  lifted me by the hair bringing me off my feet to dangle in the air before him.
  One massive fist reached out, ripped the front of my gown open exposing my
  body to his gaze. Seams ripped loudly as the gown becomes nothing more than
  a tattered rag at his feet. My reaction was without though, my hands tuning
  into claws, I attacked him, my nails leaving long oozing gashes along his jaw
  line. Retribution is swift and merciless as my world explodes in pain. I find
  myself flying through the air, landing on the ground hard the air knocked from
  me. Rolling to my side, I curl up trying to breathe, my arms crossing over
  my breast trying to contain the pain where his fist had connected. My mind
  lost in the haze of pain. There was no time for recovery as the monster reached
  down and again lifted me by my hair. Shaking me like I weighed less than nothing.
  Maybe to him I did.. He was massive. Arms bulging from years spent on battle
  fields. His chest wide and deep. All this registered in passing as his hand
  reached out and grasp my breast and squeezed. His hold crushing the tender
  flesh. My hand reaches out fighting his hold&hellip;fingers clawing &hellip; trying
  to break his hold. With each passing moment his grip tightens. My breast crushed
  in his grip. Every second a new study in agony. My tear filled eyes raise to
  his, and find nothing there. There is no emotion in his face. For the first
  time I realize that I had been protected as an honored daughter of a great
  house. They may have hated me. They may have abhorred everything I represented,
  but they would never have dared act up on it. This thing before me had no compunction
  about it. And there was nothing and no one to stop him. Looking he saw it in
  my eyes. The realization that everything I was, everything I am, rests totally
  and completely in the realm of his whim. The whims of a monster.  
   
  With that he dropped me, where I crumpled into a heap of abject misery. I could
  feel the bruises forming deep in the abused tissue. I wore nothing now but
  the single loin cloth. I felt the rope coming to rest around my neck. The loop
  tightening, then being dragged, choked as the Monster pulls me over rock and
  stick. Rolling I work to find my feet before I loose consciousness as the roped
  tightens with each step he takes. Fighting I gain my feet only to be back handed.
  My senses reel as I again hit the ground. I raise to my knees trying to raise
  again to my feet only to be stopped short.   
'She bitch you do not stand in the presence of your betters" laughter
    rolls over the words as his foot comes down hard on the rope bring my face
    to the ground. My breasts feeling the impact of the rocky terrain as nipples
    feel the bite of sharp stones. My ass is high in the air as his hand swings
    with full punishing force driving my even harder into the stone.  
   
"Lets see what we have here" I can feel his filthy hands on the cloth that covers
my most private possession then I hear ripping as I feel the air touching me.
My neck is held tight as my body twists trying to escape. His laughter at my
feeble attempt fills the night. He steps off the rope wrapping it around his
fist as he brings me to heel at his side. The lead only inches from his hand.
In a blind panic I try to retreat. I have to escape the thing that has me. Pulling
on the rope I don't care that it is tightening until I realize I have lost the
ability to breath. I try and move forward now to loosen the rope only to have
his hand raise. He will not let the looped rope release its death grip on me.
As I reach the point of passing out his words begin to register&hellip;   
"&hellip;I decide if you crawl on your knees or slither on your belly
    bitch&hellip; I decide if you eat or drink&hellip; I decide if that slit
    of your is full or empty&hellip;I decide if you breath your next breath&hellip; I
    decided if you live or die&hellip;'  
   
  With that pronouncement the rope goes slack bending over with my head touching
  the ground I draw in life sustaining air.  
   
  Before I was able to take even a second breath his foot comes from behind between
  my legs catching my sex making my world turn into a world of fiery pain as
  the kick lifts me.  
   
"Right bitch?"   
It takes everything that I am to get the words past my lips&hellip; 
   
"Yes" I knew it was the answer he wanted&hellip;. 
   
"YES???? You crawling slithering hole&hellip; You talk to ME like that????"  
   
  He comes to stand behind me. Feet parted widely holding my knees wide apart,
  he reaches over my back to my hair jerking my head up and twisting it almost
  to breaking to bring my eyes to his. 
   
  He lets me taking in the vision that is him&hellip; 
   
  He is enormous, well over six and a half feet. His body is pure bone and muscle.
  He is a by any standard a warrior. His skin is hard and rough. It's such a
  dark gray/green in anything but the brightest light it would appear black.
  His eyes blaze red in a face surrounded by a long black mane of coarse hair.
  Protruding from his lips are twin tusks The tips of each Tusk is adorned with
  a Mithril cover inlayed with blue sapphire   
His armor is unlike most of the others. It is well maintained and
    finely made. The lettering on it decisively dwarfen in it origins. The surcoat
    he wears is of a rich fabric. Dark green with threads of gold woven into
    it. Human maybe.. Elven most probably&hellip; He was dressed in clothing
    that kings would envy. Still he was nothing more than an Orc&hellip; nothing
    more than a monster. 
   
"I am not some stinking, pretty Elven warrior pussy. You are not my equal in
anything. When you speak to me you fucking cunt, you will address me as is my
due&hellip;I am Hordemaster Nazbog Stormterror&hellip;. You stinking half breed
bitch shall call me Master Terror&hellip;." 
   
  His laughter shook the rafters of my universe as he released my hair and threw
  my head to the floor.  
   
"Yes Master Terror" and in that second I knew beyond all else that it was a title
he would more than earn&hellip; and he would wear it with pride&hellip;   
````  
I sat with my back to the cave wall, knees to my chest trying to stay
    warm, watching as he went about his work&hellip; My neck bore the bruises
    from my latest mistake&hellip; 
   
   I was for the moment totally forgotten as he ate the rough
  meal. More than once some luckless pig would pass to close and he would send
  him reeling. Without thought, he would rub his filthy hands along the edge
  of his fine coat ruining the fabric as it absorbed the grease. All I wore was
  the rough rope around my neck. It hung loose but still it rubbed the skin raw
  everywhere it touched. My hands had barely moved to touch it when I was jerked
  forward, dragged by the neck to his feet. 
   
"Did I say you could remove the rope?" his voice was totally calm and contained&hellip; 
   
  My voice was breathlessly low, "no Master Terror"  
   
  He leaned back where he sat, eyes staring down at me. 
   
"Up&hellip;" a single word that shot through me. Even as the instincts of a pampered
daughter told me to rebel, the survival instinct overrides the command. I found
myself coming to my knees before him.  
   
"Arms up. Hands behind your head" I paused for only a moment but it was long
enough to find myself laid out with his hand print on my face, his fist lifting
me by the rope.   
   
"Arms up. Hands behind your head" compliance was instantaneous.  
   
"Knees wide apart." I did not hesitate. His laughter grated along my nerve endings.
His hand reaching out, fingers running along the slit, tickling the flesh with
his rough fingers, spark off little unanticipated fires. My body reacts despite
my mind. The nub of flesh coming to attention. His questing fingers encircling
it, crushing it&hellip; 
   
  My hands never leave my neck as my whole being arches. A scream leaving my
  throat raw. I don't know if it lasted a minute or a day or half of eternity
  as I kneeled with my body open to his touch&hellip; teetering on the edge of
  madness&hellip; a place of pain&hellip; a place of pleasure&hellip; living
  on a knifes edge. As suddenly as it began it ended.   
   
   
One of the Master's underlings had walked into this part of the cave
    and I was forgotten for a moment as he release my clit and turned away seeing
    to his duty. Looking around as he ignored me I looked to find a place to
    relieve my almost bursting bladder. Finding a place that sat lower than the
    rest&hellip; laying in the deepest part of the shadow I lowered myself in
    to a squatting position. Just as the first drops of urine we released a hand
    lifted and spun me.  
   
"What kind of filthy cunt bitch fowls it's own bed? Loose even one drop with
out MY permission and I will burn it shut and let the others bet on how long
it will take before you explode and die" 
   
  I was a study in personal misery. My body hunched over, rocking to give myself
  comfort as my bladder screamed for release.   
"Come here cunt." His voice sounded preoccupied as he rummaged though the
  pack at his feet. He lifted out a glass container. Lifting it to the light
  he looked though the pale blue glass. "Do you know what this is?"  
"No Master Terror"  
He sets the bottle aside, taking the rope he passes it over and around
    my wrists securing them to the back of my neck then runs the ropes down along
    my spine to my ankles. Between my knees he used a leg hobble. I would not
    be closing them on anything to come.  
   
"Do you believe in Magic cunt?" 
   
"yes Master Terror"   
"Good cause this is a magic potion that is going to decide your fate." As
    he said that he opened the bottle and scooped out a large portion of it. "let
    me explain how Rangor's Seed works. You see female of our kind have a tendency
    to be very disobedient and this is a little incentive for them to please
    us. Just the tiniest dab will keep them on the brink of an orgasm so that
    even the tiniest touch will give them a rush of pleasure so strong they almost
    pass out from it. It can also be used as a punishment when that rush is denied.
    On the other hand when this same potion is applied to an elf cunt and mixed
    with any kind of liquid other than they natural lubricants common to all
    pussies well then things really get interesting. They have been known to
    go mad with the agony of it. I have heard stories of them pouring boiling
    water over their cunts to get it off. Begging for death to escape the torture&hellip; and
    you know what.. the only thing that will stop the pleasure or the pain is
    lots of nice soothing Orc cum&hellip;flowing from that gapping cunt&hellip; so
    lets find out the truth shall we&hellip; Are you Elf&hellip; or Orc&hellip; and
    Would you rather have an Orc cock buried in your cunt or would you rather
    die&hellip; " His smile was totally evil as he spread the cool gel over my
    open sex. Making sure every part of it was totally covered." What ever you
    decide is fine. Just let me know"  
   
  It began as just a tickling, nothing over powering. Just a simple hint of arousal
  as tissue became engorged. The pale shell pink of my sex at rest became the
  brick red of arousal. Lips soft and closed opened. Nipples became hard and
  elongated. Hands wanting to touch were held tight by the rope. Legs, wanting
  to close on the aroused flesh, were held open and wide. There was no relief
  as day turned into evening.. I lay there as the need became stronger. Withering
  in need and unable to do anything at all. I don't hear moans I make or feel
  the tears as they flow down my cheeks uncheck. Everything in my universe is
  a pin point of need dripping between open thighs. Hips undulate, begging in
  silence but I refuse to give voice to it. I refuse to beg the monster for even
  a moments peace..   
Then it happens, my bladder can hold back no longer. Urine, hot and
    strong pours over the hot aroused flesh. There is no easy transition. Moans
    of wonton pleasure become cried of agony as the flesh began to burn. It was
    not one or the other it was both. Pleasure and pain filled every pore of
    my being as I lay there twisting and turning trying to escape. Cries of agony,
    pleas for release became one. 
   
"Gods&hellip;.please no more&hellip; please Gods please&hellip; anything&hellip;.
I will do.. be anything you want. Please Gods please make it stop.. Gods you're
killing me&hellip;Please&hellip;" on and on the words flowed from my lips as
the flesh of my cunt burned. Burned for the soothing release he had promised
me. This was unlike anything I could have imagined. It was all encompassing.
Each second of it was like newly discovering it. There was no way for my body
to accept it. There was no retreating from it or hiding. Time looses all meaning.
I could have been there an hour, day or week.   
My voice is raw from begging, from screaming&hellip; from pleading, "Gods
    you promised release if only I would ask&hellip; you &hellip;" 
   
  His laughter bounced off the rock walls of the cave&hellip;  
   
"Rangor's Seed promised you many things. The other Gods, well those promises
are between you and them cunt. Now if you are talking to me&hellip;" his voice
was full of amusement. "then I suggest you afford me the reverence of using my
title. Oh and maybe you should come over here where I can hear you properly."   
 
  The distance between us is just a few feet but truss up as I was it could have
      been a mile. Wiggling and squirming I make my way to him. The uneven rock
      floor scrapping me. Leaving cuts and bruising in it wake.  
    
"Master Terror. Please I need relief. You promised." My voice was
    nothing more than a raw whisper&hellip; 
   
"Still the haute half breed elf bitch. Look at you. I don't think I have ever
seen anything so nasty in all my life." Leaning forward his fingers reach out
and just brush my open leaking sex, A butterflies wings would have been more
noticeable but the potion had done its work well. My entire body arched in an
equal mix of an orgasm of pain but there was no release from the potion. There
was no recovery because the grip the potion held me in never lessened.  
   
"You know I think your poor abused throat needs my soothing cum first. What say
you cunt? Besides I think I need a little encouragement if you expect me to put
this into that." 
  In his hand he held onto his raging cock. Like the rest of him it was massive.
  There was no way my body could accommodate him but it didn't matter. Nothing
  did but finding a way to end the torture. 
   
"yes Master Terror&hellip;Please give my throat the warm soothing balm of Your
cum" the words had barely left my mouth before I was lift to a kneeling position
and his cock was filling my mouth and throat. My lips were stretched to the point
of tearing at the corners to accept his girth. My lack of experience meant nothing
as he fucked my face. His cock forcing its way deep into my already abused throat.
His hands in my hair driving my face into his groin as his cock All I was to
him was hole to be filled as again and again he drove deep. All my choking meant
to him was a tighter hole and more pleasure for him. Lack of oxygen was making
my body go slack as muscles gave out.  
   
  His sadistic laugh filled my ears&hellip; 
   
"No cunt you will not leave me to finish this alone" with that his foot came
between my wide spread thighs and with just a flick of his toe my entire being
was as tight as a bow string as the scream of pain&hellip; the scream of release
vibrated around his cock as he exploded&hellip;. 
   
"Cunt that mouth of yours needs a lot of training but it should be feeling a
little better"   
It was everything I could do to answer him. My throat had been destroyed.  
"Yes Ma&hellip;. Mas&hellip;. Master Terror&hellip; tha&hellip;thank
    you for gi&hellip;.giving me that. Please give me.. give my c&hellip;c&hellip;cunt
    the same relief."  
   
"Cunt I would but damn you are ugly with those ears, eyes and hair. I don't know
if I can get it back up if I have to look at you. I know lets flip you over and
see if that works&hellip;" 
   
  Moving me as if I am nothing I find myself on my face. My body still held in
  tight bondage&hellip;hands behind my neck&hellip; knees spread wide ankles
  bound. My breast lay on the rock floor with my ass high in the air. Thighs
  held open giving him full view and access to my gapping cunt. 
   
"Yeah I think I can manage to forget long enough to take care of this problem
for you cunt" His hands on my hips held me tight as his cock came to rest against
the opening&hellip; then he moved forward but he didn't enter me. His cock became
one long agonizing stroke against my clit and lips. I lost all touch with reality
as I was rocked with an orgasm so long and powerful I thought I would die. As
I was rocked with the all consuming agony of the fire his touch brought&hellip; 
   
"oops.. I think I missed&hellip; let's try again shall we?" He held himself totally
still waiting for me&hellip; 
   
"please Master Te&hellip;Te&hellip;Terror. Please try again' 
   
  His voice was a purr of satisfaction as he reared back and entered me in on
  agonizing lunge. His cock ripping into my back passage giving my voice strength
  once more. 
   
"Damn the luck cunt&hellip; I missed again" His voice just a low growl as he
bent over my back. His lips just a behind my head. His tusk grazing my hand. "Hold
on cunt. This is kind of nice. What say you we let your ass feel the pleasure
of my cock? And your cunt&hellip;well it can feel the loving kiss of my balls?" his
hips arching just slightly as his cock rested deep.  
   
  I couldn't speak. I had no voice as my world was again rocked. His cock was
  ripping my poor ass open even as the touch of his balls brought me again to
  the pinnacle of agony and ecstasy, 
   
"No&hellip;. opinion&hellip; cunt&hellip; good&hellip; then&hellip; I&hellip; will&hellip; chose&hellip; for&hellip; you&hellip;.
I&hellip; know&hellip; you&hellip; so&hellip; well&hellip; by&hellip; now&hellip;.
You&hellip; wouldn't&hellip; want&hellip; this&hellip; fun&hellip; to&hellip;end&hellip; to&hellip; fast...
Hell&hellip; we're&hellip; just&hellip; starting&hellip; the&hellip; fun&hellip; aren't&hellip; we&hellip; and&hellip; a&hellip; cunt&hellip; like
you&hellip;well " 
   
  Each word ended on a lunge. Each word ended on my cunt feeling the brutalizing
  kiss of his balls&hellip;Each word ended on an agonized scream until there
  was nothing left of my voice and the screams were totally silent as they paid
  homage to the Orc God Rangor&hellip;. 
   
"Cunt, you still with me here&hellip;yeah I can see you are" His head lay between
my thighs.. he let the hard tip of his tusk torture my open gapping cunt. To
his eyes the lips were drenched and red but little else gave sign of the effects
the potion was having on me. Hours had passed now. Hours of games&hellip; hours
of begging&hellip;hours of promising my soul for even a moment of relief.  
   
"Cunt I think I like you&hellip;.you play this game so well&hellip; I think maybe
its time for you to get a little relief." With nothing more than that he had
me turned over. His cock plunging deep into my pussy. Pounding me&hellip; torturing
me&hellip;stretching me to the point of tearing&hellip; but it didn't matter..
the only thing that mattered was that I could feel his cock building to an orgasm.
His balls tightening&hellip;  
   
"Come on cunt&hellip; I know you can do better than that. Use that pussy to beg
me. Show me that you want what I have to offer." 
   
  My hips rock back taking him deep. Muscle lining the walls tighten and release.
  My voice is gone but still my body finds a way&hellip;.then I feel it.. and
  hear it&hellip; like I had so many times&hellip; he was finally going to release..
  I pushed back with all my strength&hellip; needing him as deep as he would
  go. Then I felt it&hellip; the rhythmic pumping as he came&hellip; as he&hellip; 
   
"NNNNNNNNNnnnnnnnnnnooooooooooooooo!" 
    
There was a sleepy quality to his voice as his weight rested on me. "Well
  hell cunt&hellip; seems you've drained me dry. Ah well cunt &hellip; there's
  always tomorrow&hellip;"  
Stormterror&hellip;    
Exhaustion wracked my body as time lost all meaning, his name a chant in
  my mind. I discovered that if I lay perfectly still, not even daring to breath,
  I could survive the battle being waged inside my tortured body. The blinding
  fear of everything around me was lost in the internal battle for control that
  I was winning. In the hour upon hour, that had passed I had learned much about
  myself. My will was stronger than anything they could throw at me. I was overcoming
  the pain. The thought became my mantra, I am Silmarwen of the great
  Elven house Elensar. This will wear off and I will escape.    
```````  
Nazbog listened, as the others around him fought amongst themselves. It would
  always be this way. Clan leaders, Ashbr&uacute;g,
  G&acirc;bw&ucirc;sh, D&ucirc;rbwakh and Azluk had come to him. Each demanding
  greater shares of the plunder from last nights work  Let them have what
  they wanted, it would buy their loyalty. He knew that in the end it wouldn't
  matter what they got. Tomorrow they would be on the move again and all those
  glittering Elven goods would loose their appeal as they had to be carried on
  tired backs climbing high into the mountains. Scattered through out the caves
  were small fires. The Hordemaster could tell which fires were tended by his
  own clan. No great piles of worthless Elven goods surrounded these but each
  of the Orc's now wore warm clothing. The richness of the fabric meant less
  than nothing. Quiver's that had been emptied this dawn were now full. Dagger's
  with blades light yet incredibly strong with ivory hilts gleamed as the gold
  inlays of Elven runes caught the flickering fire light. Looking
  across his own fire at his second in command, B&uacute;rzbad the Crippler,
  Stormterror let loose the unmistakable sound of a low growl of warning. He'd
  had enough of their bickering. Knocking D&ucirc;rbwakh flat with a swing of
  his massive arm, he shut them up.   
 
"Enough&hellip;. Tell your clans they can have all that they can carry. Nothing
more."   
His pronouncement was law. His growl a dismissal.   
The four clan leaders left heads held high.
    They had won a great victory for their own clans today. 'Stormterror might
    be the greatest Military Hordemaster of all-time but he new  nothing   of
    plunder.', they smirked to themselves. Yes, they would follow him anywhere.   
``````   
B&uacute;rzbad looked towards where the half-breed
    bitch lay. Her continuous whimpers and moans had drawn his attention. She
    was on her back, the rope binding her arms up and back. The bar at her knees
    held her legs wide open. By now the air had almost dried the piss from her
    skin so the pain was abating. Her eyes were open but glazed. Her breathing
    ragged as she fought the fire raging in her blood. It had been almost an
    hour since Stormterror had finished with her. Her red cunt was open wide
    and weeping. The musky smell of her permeated the cave.   
 
"Storm, &hellip; mind if I borrow your cunt for a while?"   
 I became aware of the newest nightmare when
    he grabbed the bar between my legs and began dragging me out of the cave
    into fading light of day. No care was taken to protect me as rock and brush
    scratched and bruised me. I had no idea where he was taking me, only that
    I was helpless to stop the progress. One moment I was moving the next I was
    being rolled over and the rope binding my ankles together was loosened then
    gone, my hands were release from their place at my neck. The final end of
    the rope gone from my neck. Without thought at the moment of their release
    my hands move towards my throbbing clit. Nothing mattered except finding
    some peace from the forced need.  
   
  Laughter fills the evening air as strong hands grasp my arms, forcing them
  together.. In the next instant the rope is again being twisted around my wrists.
  The rough bindings bite into my wrists. My hands bound together by the newest
  monster in this nightmare. Without ceremony the rope is thrown over a sturdy
  limb and I am unceremoniously hoisted high into the air. The hobble that held
  my knees wide apart is still in place. Goddess&hellip; the itch of my cunt.
  Hips rocked steadily as I fucked the very air.  
   
  The pain that had filled my world was gone. The only thing I could feel now
  was the never ending itch between my wide spread thighs. Even the brush of
  air from the warm breeze was almost enough to send me crashing over the edge
  into oblivion. Almost but not quite. The stretching of muscles and joints was
  lost in the power of my need. The whole of my universe centered on that single
  throbbing nub of flesh.   
It wasn't enough that I was tied up and hanging
    like a slab of meat, the rough hands brought a blind fold around my eye sending
    me into a world of total darkness where the isolation of my need became even
    deeper. 
   
  Nazbog and B&uacute;rzbad stood back from the cunt and watched her movements.
  Her hips kept tilting forward and up. Both had seen Ragnor's Seed in action
  before but not with even close to the effect that it was having on this half
  breed cunt. She was lost to everything going on around her. Her voice a hoarse
  whisper of sound as she begs for release&hellip;for relief. The pleading comes
  from deep within her. She is so far gone that they know she has no idea what
  she is saying. By Ragnor's balls this was going to be fun.   
B&uacute;rzbad stood back from her. The smooth
    perfect lines of her back before him. Her ass muscles clenching rhythmically.
    The whip held loosely in his hand. The long braided tail coiled at his feet.  
   
  Nazbog stood just inches before her. The bar holding her legs apart gave him
  a close up look at the fiery flesh. With each surge of need her cunt lifted
  towards him. Her deep red cunt lips open and begging.   
Both Orc's could see the pearly fluid leaking
    from her. She was so excited it ran down the entire length of her thighs
    and calves. Liquid need puddling on the ground. The musky smell of her sex
    saturated the warm evening air touching off instincts older than time in
    the Orc's. Cruel blazing eyes looked upon the half-breed bitch.   
B&uacute;rzbad stepped back then with a grace
    belying his build and race let the whip fly&hellip;   
 
  Nazbog watched her. Listening to the words she spoke. Listening to her cries
      for release. He was doing nothing just waiting until that perfect moment,
      then stepping forward, the covered razor sharp tip of his tusk just before
      her rampaging sex&hellip;. 
   
  Velvety darkness cocoons my world as blood being forced though constricted
  veins and arteries sets the tempo of my need. With each heart beat, I can feel
  the tight stretching of tender flesh. A touch&hellip; just a single touch is
  all I want. All I need. There is a sound filling my ears. A voice&hellip; a
  woman's voice&hellip; begging&hellip; humming&hellip; pleading&hellip; Her
  words lost on the night air.   
 
  It felt as if thunder and lightning struck as one. White hot pain exploding
      along nerves even as the sound of my own scream clashed with the  concussion  from
      the crack of the whip. It filled my ears, drowning out the grunt of pleasure
      from the Orc behind me as he hit his target, a small dimple which was instantly
      bloodied. As the whip strikes, my world goes red.  Excruciating
      pain surged through my body. Every instinct inside me screamed with one
      voice to escape the inflictor of it.  Without
      thought my entire body arches in a vein attempt to escape swinging me slightly
      forward to encounter another sensation. Smooth, hard and cool, it brushes
      my clit. Instant gratification wracks my entire being as ecstasy and agony
      converge, becoming one within me. There is no beginning or ending. A perfect
      circle of sensations held me in its  precious
      grip. Every nerve in my body alive in that moment. I am no longer a thinking
      Elven women  with a keen intelligent who had be taught by the visionary
      Master's of our time. Something long denied
      awakens deep within me. The beast inside me shakes off its fetters. I cum.
      It doesn't stop. This pleasure, stronger than anything I have ever felt,
      shares each nerve in my brain with the pain. Blood pools in my body yet
      somehow it also surges outwards becoming trapped in tissue. Nipples become
      so hard they feel as if they could bursts. God, my clit, hard and unhooded
      is filled with pleasure so strong it lives on the knifes edge of pain.
      I was going to die from the sensations and yet if they ended I would do
      anything to find it again&hellip;.anything&hellip; anything&hellip;.  
    
Nazbog and B&uacute;rzbad watched as she went
    totally ridged. Hands fisted tight as her nails bit into her palms. Seeping
    blood runs down until it is caught by the rope at her wrists. The muscles
    in her arms flex, lifting her slightly. Her head is thrown back, blue sightless
    eyes hidden Teeth clenching on the last note of the agonized scream.. The
    sound of air rushes past white even teeth as starving lungs are fed. Her
    slender neck is arched in smooth even lines.. Her breath now trapped force
    her breast out. Her hips are thrust forward by the arc of her back. Her legs
    fighting to close on the feeling to hold it close and never let go. Her already
    dark green skin darkened further. He nipples became diamond points on her
    breathlessly still chest. The arc of her back throws her sex forward so that
    her vulnerable clit is totally exposed as it searches for another touch.      
   
"  Anything&hellip;please&hellip; more  "    it
    was a whisper that change my universe&hellip; 
    
It's said that while the sight of a smiling
    Orc is enough to fill even the stoutest warrior with dread, the sound of
    their laughter enough to shake the halls of the Gods&hellip;.   
"Well , well, well cunt&hellip; then listen
    closely" through the hazy cloud of my mind I could hear a slight scraping
    but couldn't place the sound. Then the tip of my breast felt the daggers
    edge so softly caressing it. Next, the little nick as it just broke the skin.
    I couldn't hunch my shoulder&hellip;couldn't bring my arms down to protect
    my nipple. The whole of the weapon lay under my breast. Lifting the flesh
    the sliding away&hellip; it wasn't a daggers. It was the smooth cool ivory
    of his tusk. The tip unsheathed.  
   
"Here is the game we play&hellip;. You can cum as much as you want&hellip; but
the only way you can is to touch that nasty clit of yours to my tusk,, now bitch&hellip; its
going to be a tough call for you. Rub too hard and you're going to loose that
little piece of flesh. Okay so go&hellip; " 
   
  I try to arch my body. God it's just there. I know it. I can feel the heat
  of him. The breath of him hot and moist touching my flesh. I can hear him and
  feel him&hellip; 
   
"Well cunt&hellip; what are you waiting for&hellip;" his sardonic laughter filling
the air.  
   
  Try as I might I can't reach it.. I can't touch it.  
   
"Cunt are you sure this is really what you want? It doesn't seem like it. I mean
come on cunt if you really wanted it you just do it wouldn't you?. I'm starting
to think you don't really want to cum Well do you?" 
   
"yeeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssssssssssss&hellip; god please Master Terror let me cum&hellip;." 
   
"Cunt that is up to you. You have my permission. All you have to do is just move
that cunt forward just the tiniest bit and you will have everything you need
to cum. What's the problem?"   
"Please&hellip; Master&hellip;I&hellip;. can't&hellip;reach&hellip; " 
   
"Cunt are you asking for help?" 
   
  :"Yessssssssssssssssssssss" my voice fades.  
   
"Well cunt imagine this, a high born Evlen bitch&hellip; begging to cum on the
tusk of a Orc&hellip; but there is an old saying among our kind" his smile purely
wicked as his red eyes blazed. "Cunt, where there's a whip there's a way" 
    
The words had barely left his mouth before
    they became a reality. Pain radiates out from the chosen spot. The tip of
    the whip kissing my flesh with lethal precision . Smooth flesh welted and
    broken by the wicked caress. I was driven to the brink of madness. My body
    surging forward and onto the tusk. My poor clit nicked again and again. Ragnor's
    Seed did its job well though. The pain had no impact on my ability to release.  
    
My broken wails echo off tree and rock.&hellip; 
   
"See how easy it is cunt. You just have to know what to ask for. Maybe you should
thank B&uacute;rzbad for his help. Show him some of those pretty elf ways." 
   
  I couldn't think.. couldn't breath&hellip; could do nothing but feel as cruel
  fingers reach up and twist my nipples..  
   
"Cunt, your not showing any appreciation for the wonderful gift we are giving
you" 
   
  My voice quivered as the unwilling words left my mouth. "Thank you B&uacute;rzbad
  for helping me find the touch of the Master&hellip;" 
   
  His growl was my only reply as he watched the blood seep and run. Stormterror's
  hand reached down an took the wide belt he was wearing, doubling it up as he
  spoke   
"Cunt, see if you were really an Orc, you'd
    take what you want but doesn't seem like it does it. Weak worthless elf-bitch.
    You want something lets hear you beg so prettily for it."   
"Please&hellip; I need to cu&hellip;"   
I could hear him moving away&hellip; 
   
  The belt caught me across both breast   
"Cunt you don't need us to cum. What you need
    from him has nothing to do with cuming. You want to feel the inspiration
    of the whip to move that fucking ass of yours don't you?"   
I could feel the hot breath of him on my clit
    with every word. God.. just a little more.. 
   
"please&hellip;." 
   
"Please what fucktoy?"   
"Please use the whip on me." 
   
  His laughter filled her would with dread&hellip; . 
   
"Move cunt or I'll let you hang here for hours with no relief as you are slowly
driven insane by that insatiable cunt."   
The whip flew through the air. The snapping
    bite of the tip prelude to high pitched cries. Pain.. Relief. It's amazing
    how much those sound are alike.   
On it went as evening turned into night. Grunts
    and groans mixing with screams and wails yet nothing drowned out the satisfied
    laughter of my Orc  conqueror.  
 
  Without warning I dropped from the air landing on the unforgiving ground. My
      arms are so tired from the long hours of taking my weight. My fingers hurting
      as blood rushes back into the deprived flesh giving renewing the feeling
      in them. The rope loosens as strong hands releasing my legs from the hobble.
      Hips stiff from disuse stay widely parted, useless legs obscenely falling
      open even wider. I can't stop the instinctual reaction as hands and fingers
      reach for the nub of flesh.  
   
  Bigger stronger hands trap my wrists as Master Terror comes over me. Ripping
  the blindfold off, his eyes capture mine. He is sitting on my stomach. Holding
  both of my hands trapped in one of his, his other hand reaches between back
  between my gaping open thighs. 
   
"Cunt, understand this, this filthy starving nub of flesh is mine just like the
rest of you is mine. If you touch it without my permission I will cut it off
your body and feed it to you. Your will is now mine. You will obey me in all
things." 
   
  Merciless finger's close on my clit, ferociously twisting it. Nothing I had
  suffered so far came even close to preparing me for the instant decent into
  total and complete madness as I was driven wild by his cruel unrelenting touch.
  His fingers dug into my clit crushing the tender flesh. Even in this I couldn't
  deny Ragnor his pleasure. As suddenly as he was there he was gone. My body
  curled in upon its self. Hands closed into tight fists as I fought the need
  to reach between my thighs to comfort the abused flesh.  
   
"Now cunt before we go any further I think it is time you properly thank  B&uacute;rzbad
for his timely assistance." 
   
  Warily, I look to where he sits on the ground. He is naked except for a cloth
  covering his loin. His back against a boulder. His body relaxed. On knee raised
  as his arm rests on it. Even as I feel the blood drying on my back, I crawl
  to his feet. I lower my head to the ground.   
 
"I thank you B&uacute;rzbad for helping me find my Master's touch." 
   
  His voice is low and full, "Elf whore, your words mean less than nothing to
  me. Lets put that mouth to work where it might means something." 
   
  With that he reached forward, strong calloused fingers buried in my hair as
  he pulls me towards his goal. His other hand throwing the covering off his
  cock.  
   
"Open up bitch" 
   
  My mouth is opened and filled. No pretense of care or gentleness existed. He
  fucked my face. His cock going deep into my mouth, into my throat. I gagged
  time and again. The tightening of my throat giving him even greater pleasure.
  Repeatedly my nose was buried in the hairless flesh of his groin. He cock stretching
  my lips. The rough texture of his Orc cock acting like sandpaper on the soft
  smooth flesh. Soon my lips and throat were raw yet on it went. His cock surging
  in and out. How many times did I come close to dying with the cock blocking
  my air way? 
   
"Cunt, spread your knees"  
   
  The voice of my Master was a soft purr as he came over my back. My knees spread
  wide. His between mine. Stretching me open even further. His cock slid easily
  through the slimy glistening need flowing from my cunt. He did not enter me.
  He was just caressing me. Sending me over the edge.  
   
  The cock in my throat felt the vibrations of my muffled scream. The sound traveling
  through it. With a roar B&uacute;rzbad buried his cock as deep as he could
  and shot his seed deep. My scream was totally cut off as his cock blocked my
  airway. I could feel the pumping of his cock as it went on forever. My world
  stared to go black as he let my hair loose and I reared back taking a breath.   
Master Terror gave me no time to recover. His
    hands were wrapped in my hair.  
   
  His cock is rammed home. The angle he chose was insidious. His cock stretched
  me wide. His cock like B&uacute;rzbad is thick and textured. He pounds my cunt
  but doesn't touch my clit. His balls are high and tight. His hand holds my
  hair using it as a leash. His knees between mine keep me from moving. He is
  in flawless control of my every move. His movement becomes torturous. He pulls
  his cock out until just the tip is teasing me. When I try to take control away
  from him attempting to impale myself on his cock he brings the belt down across
  my ass. A shiver passes though my body.  
   
"So cunt you like that did you?"   
I moan at the words&hellip;the sound quickly
    turning to a whimper as he goes totally still with in me&hellip;. 
   
  His voice just a soft breathe in my ear. "Cunt, answer me." 
   
"Yes Master&hellip; god Yes" 
   
  At my words his hips rammed forward. His cock pounding into me, buried so deep
  I don't know where he ends and I begin. His hands release my hair and grab
  my hips. He pulls me even tighter onto his rampaging weapon. He forces me to
  dance to his song. In and out he moves His body promising  deliverance
  from the never ending torture of need.  His cock
  made of flesh feels like rough hard metal. Just when I think it can't get any
  bigger it does. His body lunges and he lets loose. His seed bathing my insides.
  Extinguishing the fire as it coats me. For the first time since he bathed my
  pussy in Ragnor's Seed I am out of its grip. I am free at last. The need is
  gone. My mind clears for the first time.  
   
  He rolls away from me. His eyes closed. I am forgotten as his body relaxes. 
   
  By now my bladder is full to over flowing. I have to go&hellip; I have to let
  the fluid that has built up in me go. I had been holding it so long in fear
  of the pain.  
   
"Master&hellip; please&hellip;" His eyes open and he seens my hand cupping my
stomach and knows&hellip; 
   
"Okay cunt&hellip;. Over there" He points to a place on the edge of the ring.
Hurrying I squat but am brought up short by what I see as I peer out over the
edge. My eyes widen in sudden horror as I look out onto the valley. The fires
still burn from the decimation of the village. My mind clear for the first time
realizes that I have not been in the Orc's care for days. I have only been in
his care since this morning&hellip;Dear Goddess it's only been hours&hellip; not
days&hellip; not weeks&hellip; . I have to escape. The need was now gone. The
monsters seed still dripping from my body had put out the fire his God had ignited
in me. Looking over my shoulder I see the two Orc's resting peacefully. Now's
my chance. The pressure on my bladder reminds me of why I had come to the edge
of the clearing. I let the stream of hot liquid slip from my body&hellip; 
   
  Pain&hellip; "God&hellip;" I'm on fire from the pain between my legs. Tears
  streak my face&hellip; this can't be&hellip; Without thought I run across the
  clearing&hellip; B&uacute;rzbad dagger lay on the boulder behind him. I grab
  it as I run. When I get to Stormterror I sit on his chest. The knife I hold
  at his throat. His eyes open but show no fear. White hot rage tears through
  me.  
   
"You lied" my voice filled with conviction. "You said it would go away. That
your seed would stop the fire. You monstrous bastard&hellip; you lied&hellip;. " The
tip of the knife nicked his throat. 
   
  One moment I was sitting abreast, him the next I was flat on my back. The knife
  I had held on him buried in the earth just inches from my head. His body above
  me. My legs were splayed as he rested in the cradle. His pelvis rocking against
  mine. His eyes blazed with fury. Blood dripped from the tiny wound landing
  on me&hellip; 
   
"Cunt&hellip; you had better listen well because you will never be told again.
If you dare to pull a weapon on me or one of mine again you will die. Believe
it for I do not lie. I told you that you would have relief&hellip; and you will&hellip; till
the seed dries or is washed away. Once you have been touched by Ragnor's seed
cunt there is no going back. 
   
  The horror of what had been done to me sunk in&hellip; a moan of despair escaped
  from my lips. He watched as it all became real to me. His smile was a promise
  of degradation and humiliation&hellip;. 
   
"Cunt&hellip; you are free to leave anytime you like but if you stay&hellip; you
are mine&hellip; my property. The choice is yours." 
   
  His eyes never leave mine, "B&uacute;rzbad, its time we find our fire. We move
  out at daybreak. We need sleep."  
   
  With that he stands and moves towards the mouth of the caves. Without a backwards
  glance, B&uacute;rzbad and he walk away&hellip;. His voice floats on the wind&hellip;"coming
  cunt?"  
   
  His answer was the sound of my scream as I pulled the dagger from the ground
  and charged his unprotected back&hellip;.   
With reflexes honed on the battle fields he
    spun his massive fist connecting with my head&hellip;a single snap. 
   
  B&uacute;rzbad looked down at the sightless eyes and laughed&hellip;  
    
"Damnit Storm&hellip; you broke another one"   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  faith


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





