BDSM Library - Monique's New Friends Are Hard to Loose




Monique's New Friends Are Hard to Loose
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A few house improvements and my wife becomes a different person.Copyright,kayce69@fsworld.co.uk   
    
 Another story by Pagan  .  
 Monique's new friends are hard to loose.   
h, e, m, that's it, right now how does that scan?   
Page one.   
Four months ago I suddenly noticed things where different in our
      sex life, Monique seemed to me more demanding, wanting more, she was aroused
      for much longer; she seemed,-------- just a minute let me explain from
      the start.   
I have known Monique from the age of sixteen, in fact I had been
      the one fortunate enough to be the first she aloud to touch her.    
We were young and in love and even a little na&iuml;ve, sex between
      us was very careful until we married, that was eight years ago. I didn't
      think there was anything wrong with a normal sex life, a little oral, I
      was not allowed any back door but plenty of different positions and with
      her still only being twenty-eight, lots of loving.   
We were living well, lots of house improvements, Monique was still
      doing the odd modelling job, keeping in with the catalogues and my job
      was going great. I had just been put in charge of the groups stock, all
      though that meant working longer hours, going to different stores, especially
      on Fridays for stock checks the money was worth it, we were even thinking
      maybe, just maybe it was time for children.   
As a said at the start, last August everything changed, Monique
      became sexually aroused very quickly and it lasted longer, unfortunately
      longer than me.   
It was the night we went out to celebrate. We had just had a new
      bathroom and central heating system fitted. Lovely night and it was obvious
      we were going to have fun in the sack when we got home, and we did, again
      and again but Monique was insatiable, she wanted more, even after many
      orgasms and I just couldn't keep up with her.    
The shame of not being able to get it up again, even with her magnificent
      body, I know I'm no Rod Stewart but she looks a bit like Rachel Hunter,
      you know lovely large tits, sensuous legs, and beautiful mouth and it was
      sucking at me more and deeper than it had ever done before, still nothing
      was happening.    
I tried the loving husband bit but all she did was sulk, then Monique
      did something she had never done before, she just turned her back on me.    
I couldn't sleep; I just lay there thinking why, when all of a
      sudden she slipped out the bed. I heard her go into the bathroom, then
      some muffled groans, until she came back. I pretended to be asleep, I needn't
      have bothered, ignoring me she went to sleep.    
This started to happen more and more, she was starting to get real
      shity with me, I needed to do something, and fast.    
Fortunately I was owed some time so I took a day off work, a day
      to take Monique to town; I thought a nice lunch and a bit of shopping anything
      to make her happy. We looked around for a while before we went to a wine
      bar; we started on one bottle and soon found we were on a second only helped
      by some fancy sandwiches then suddenly Monique asked if I'd seen the porno
      cinema we had past, stupidly I'd had enough drink to giggle yes.   
She insisted on a third bottle and I agreed, anything to keep her
      happy, we finished it and left. Within ten minutes we found ourselves outside
      the cinema, Monique was looking at the advertisings and giggling that she
      wanted to see a movie, much as I thought it a bad idea I was still playing
      the apologetic husband, we went in.    
The interior was darker than usual but I could see there was only
      about six men in there, I wondered what reaction I was going to get from
      Monique as we walked down to our seat; on the screen a blond was blowing
      a guy while another was lying on the bed licking her out, she just watched
      as she fumbled for her seat, I sat beside her and put my hand on her knee.   
I watched the film as I ran my hand up and down her stocking clad
      leg; I thought she was getting aroused as she pushed her leg against mine.    
Unfortunately after about fifteen minutes the heat in the theatre
      and the wine was getting to me, I felt my eyes closing; I fought to keep
      them open but failed.   
I didn't know how long I'd been asleep but as I opened my eyes
      I first saw she was still rubbing against my leg but her other leg was
      against the other seat, her legs were wide open and I could see movement.   
I slowly moved my head, I stifled a cough as I saw a hand on her
      other leg, this one was up under her skirt, I flicked my eyes up and saw
      Monique, her head laying back. I was about to move when further movement
      caught my eye; another hand was on her breast, a second man had moved and
      was behind her, his hand between the back rest and playing inside her top,
      I could see the outline of his hand on her left breast.   
The hand between her legs was now moving in a sawing motion it
      was obvious she was being finger fucked, I moved.   
I grabbed her, virtually dragged her up the isle and out before
      I turned to look at her, "What the fucking hell are you playing at?" spluttered
      from my mouth.   
As she hurriedly re-buttoned her blouse she looked at me, "Oh god
      I'm so sorry, it was the film it got my going and the wine made me all
      sleepy, suddenly things were happening and I really don't now how long
      before you, oh god I don't know why but it just happened, please darling,
      just calm down, lets not spoil the day."   
Lets be honest, I thought I should have been more attentive and
      moved quicker than I did, and she did look so upset, besides it was time
      she felt sorry for herself, I thought it might get me off the hook for
      a while, the shopping trip continued and we didn't bring the incident up
      again.   
It was about two weeks later, I'd popped home for some reason,
      Monique was out, doing a bit of modelling for some catalogue firm, anyway
      I went to the toilet, it was when I flushed the toilet that I heard a clunking
      sound.   
Turning I lifted the lid to the cistern, inside was a waterproof
      plastic bag, I took it out, opened it and pulled out a thick pink vibrator.
      I stared at it, I couldn't believe my eyes, was our sex life that bad that
      she had to use a toy?   
My mind flipped up a gear, what else was she hiding?   
I started through her dressing table then on to draws, nothing
      until I went through her coats, her black full length had a cinema ticket
      in the pocket, that cinema, there and then I decided it was time to see
      what my beautiful wife was up too.   
I nerd at work, you know one of these computer wiz kids, had offered
      to link up all the stores computers; my boss side it would cost to much,
      so I took a gamble and gave him some money out of my pocket and a few illicit
      office perks, if I worked through all my daily breaks, it would cut my
      work load down and give me time to sort out my horny assed wife.   
When I went out to get him his equipment I also bought myself a
      full beard and an anorak, well if I was going to see what she was up to
      I had better go in disguise.    
Friday came, I kissed her goodbye, saying I would see her around
      nine and went to prepare my plan.   
I arrived at the cinema around two, found a seat where I could
      watch the whole auditorium and waited.   
I noticed that there was about five or six other men in and they
      kept looking at the entrance, the film was same old fuck and suck, not
      even worth a hard on when suddenly in she came; she sat three rows down
      on the other isle to me and I noticed the others talking.   
I saw one bloke come over a sit with the one closet to me; I strained
      forward to listen, "She's here again and this time we make sure she don't
      get away," what the hell did that mean?   
Men started to move, the two in front moved to ether side of her,
      another two moved in front and I followed the one that joined another behind
      her, she was surrounded.   
I got myself in to a position where I could see it all. She was
      looking as though she was watching the film, she had on that long black
      coat, fully undone, a loose fitting white skirt and her cream and gold
      blouse and as far as I could make out she had stockings on.   
The first man was already stroking her leg and she wasn't stopping
      him, there was one behind, he moved his hand over, pushing it down and
      inside her blouse I could see he was going for her tits.   
Another one was in front, he was lent over the seat running his
      hand up and down her other leg, I could see she was biting her lip.   
Now hands were all over her, trying to unbutton her blouse, she
      hadn't a bra on so it was obvious they intended to get her tits out.    
Other hands where on her thighs, moving over her stocking tops
      forcing her skirt up to her waist, suddenly one of the ones behind her
      stood up and grabbed her head, she groaned a little but didn't stop them
      pulling it sideways the man pushed a finger, no two fingers in to her mouth.   
A straggled, "No," came from her mouth as her hands came up to
      try and fend them off, but she had no chance, they where soon grabbed and
      held out to ether side, then both men pressed back on the seat holding
      her hands behind them.   
Now to say she was struggling would be an overstatement; her tits
      where now out for all to play with and I watched as her nipples were twisted
      and pulled.   
Her pants where stretched tight across her wide open thighs allowing
      fingers to push up in to her; as one man kept his fingers in her mouth
      so another was slapping the side of her cheek with a long hard rampant
      cock, quickly hands gripped her face, her head was turned and the rampant
      cock drove in to her gasping mouth.   
She started squirming and moans came from her cock filled mouth,
      as hands played with her exposed body the one who had obviously taken control
      told one of the front ones to, go check the doors; he disappeared only
      to return saying that all was clear.    
The leader got up grabbing Monique's hand, as he did I heard him
      saying, "Get your cock out of her mouth, you can stick it back down her
      throat after we get the slut out in the isle, time to have her down on
      all fours," he looked down at Monique, "You ain't runnin out this time
      bitch, this time we're all doing what we should have done last week," she
      looked up at him, " Ya that's right we're all gonna fuck you."    
I watched as my wife was pulled up for the seat and dragged in
      to the isle, her coat was pulled off and she was forced down on her knees,
      she was looking up at the men surrounding her, "Please stop, this has gone
      to far, let me go," she soon realized no-one was listening as they forced
      her down on all fours and that fat cock went back in her mouth.   
I couldn't take my eyes off the scene. Her skirt was flipped up
      over her naked ass, the flickering light from the film played over the
      tight firm globes; unfortunately for me the sight was soon blocked by the
      back of that man, he was positioning his cock ready to fill my wife's dripping
      hole.   
He thrust in, causing a squeal from around the cock that was now
      forcing its way down Monique's throat; hands pulled at the exposed tits,
      beautifully swinging from between the two halves of her silk blouse and
      there was nothing she could do to stop them.   
First the one up her cunt came, filling her already wet hole, his
      place was soon taken and her fucking started all over again. The one in
      her mouth held the back of her head tightly as he spewed his filth down
      her throat, again she only had time to spit and choke for a moment before
      her pretty face was being forced back down on another length of male meat.   
All the time I felt myself getting aroused, I saw the man in her
      mouth breathing heavy; he didn't last long. He took it out before splattering
      her face with his strings of white cum before he grabbed her hair and rammed
      it back in her mouth, for her to suck clean.   
As another took his place ready for her third face fucking, I watched
      the one up her cunt speed his rhythm up and fill her; as he pulled out
      I took my chance. I pulled my hard cock out and knelt behind; she couldn't
      move as her head was being pummelled from the front and other hands squeezed
      and pulled on her sensitive tits, so I shoved my cock in to her sloppy
      wet cunt.   
As I watched myself fucking her, my eyes took in the wonderful
      sight of her little pink ass-hole a thing I had always wanted to fuck and
      my mind told me here was my opportunity to have some.    
I slid my cock out of her cunt and pushed it hard past the entrance
      muscle of her rectum. It slid in easier than I thought it would and before
      she could do anything I was in to the hilt and filling her with my length.
      Then I settled in to enjoying fucking my wife's gorgeous ass, unfortunately
      not for long as I was so excited and her ass was tight so I came in a matter
      of minutes, but it was certainly worth it.   
I got up and moved away as the one I called the leader watched
      the man fill her mouth, then he dragged her up to kneel in front of him;
      another man knelt behind her, put his arms round her, holding her still
      by giving her tits a really good going over, while she was given no chance
      to argue because this leader bloke used her mouth for seconds. He shoved
      his fat cock in to her mouth, showing no mercy as he fucked her face. As
      soon as she had swallowed his filth they all dispersed.   
I hid, leaving Monique to wipe the sticky juice from her face,
      pull her clothes back on and stumble back to her car; of course I wasn't
      due home until nine and she was all bathed and smiles, if not a little
      quiet when I arrived.   
Now I'd been wimp enough to let that happen, and had my little
      fun but I imaged that would have taught her not to play with danger.    
Our own sex life was pretty good, she didn't push for more but
      I was going to make sure there was nothing else, so I made the same plans,
      got all the work done up front and prepared for another Friday.   
Once more I sat in that cinema, I was surprised to see only two
      others and even more surprised when Monique walked in. As it was empty
      the two men took no time in grabbing her arm and leading her up to the
      back wall, they positioned her on the first row beside the entrance. She
      didn't seem to argue as he sat down and pulled her back to him.   
I saw his hand go up the back of her skirt as he dragged her down
      to sit on his fat long cock. The other one stayed in the next row, as I
      moved he pulled her head down to feed his cock in to her mouth, there was
      no foreplay, no getting her aroused, they just got on with fucking my wife,
      why did she need this kind of attention?   
Before I had time to think another man rushed in, said something
      to them and suddenly Monique was being propelled down and out of a fire
      exit with me in hot pursuit.   
There was a car at the back, the driver was revving the motor,
      fortunately my car was two spaces back so as they pushed Monique in to
      the back and sped off, it was easy to follow.    
I followed them to a run down inner-city street, a long line of
      terraced house converted in to flats, they shoved her through a door, I
      went down the ally in-between and looked up at the fire escapes.   
I picked the one I thought was right as a light came on in a window,
      deciding that was the one I slowly, carefully, made my way up.   
I peered in and saw Monique, they had thrown her on to a mucky
      looking bed, she was trying to get up, trying to move but every time she
      did powerful hands pushed her back down, until the leader came in to the
      room then there was silence, he grinned as he looked at her. Fortunately
      his voice was loud enough for me to hear, "We're getting fed up with the
      cinema so here's where we will be fucking you from now on, I've had a look
      through your purse and we now know you, boys say hello to Monique."   
Their voice's mockingly chorused, "Hello Monique", before he continued, "So
      every Friday you will be coming here, or I can make life difficult for
      you, I think you understand?"   
Her head bowed as she pitifully nodded, his grin grew wider, "Well,
      boys now we have that clear, get her clothes off, there's a pair of lovely
      big tits in there dying to get out and a mouth just begging to be filled
      with cock, not to mention two more holes this lady wants us to see too,
      so lets just start fucking her," he laughed as he said, "Remember we won't
      have a magnificent creature like this to fuck until next Friday so lets
      not waste any time."   
She tried to take her own clothes off but they weren't waiting
      and soon she was totally naked. I stood watching her. They dragged her
      on to the bed, forcing her to kneel, her beautiful arse on display, she
      was on all fours, held in the middle of the bed.   
A man mounted her from behind as another dragged her hair down,
      forcing her mouth on to his cock she was now taking two hard rigid cocks
      at both ends.   
They had no problems now, no one to discover or disturb them so
      they really fucked her; she looked as though she couldn't help but be submissive
      to what they were doing to her, she just let them take what ever they wanted,
      dragging her on to the cock by the hair or slamming himself in to her from
      behind.   
When those two finished with her the third one lay on the bed and
      made her sit on his cock, his hands mauled her lovely big firm tits, pinching
      the nipple until she moaned in pathetic protest, all to no avail as the
      leader stood beside her, licked his finger and tickled her ass-hole, "Nice
      ass, firm, round with a lovely pink hole, just what every cock needs, yes
      I think I'll have that, bend forward slut I what to fuck this ass, you
      just do as your told and take two up", and she did.    
All I could do was stand a watch as the four men used my wife how
      ever they wanted, always they humiliated her by dragging her head around,
      making her suck their cocks clean no matter which ever hole they'd fucked.    
They fucked her continuously until just before seven, I thought,
      she's going to be sore tonight as I saw her wince as they positioned her
      for yet another ass fucking.   
She pleaded with them as they turned her on the bed; she was begging
      them to let her go, I heard as she said her husband would be home soon.
      She was laying on her stomach across the bed, her ass being held up and
      her head hanging off the side.   
One of them started to stick his cock up her cute exposed ass hole
      as another grabbed her hair and pulled her head up, he sneered in to her
      upturned face, "You'll go home to your wimp when we have fucked you a few
      more times, as for right now get your mouth back on my cock and suck my
      cum down your throat."    
Half of me was sick to my stomach and the other half thought, well
      bitch, you deserve it; you started this so stay there and suffer. I watched
      her head being dragged from side to side, her mouth trying to satisfy two
      cocks at once while another thumped in and out of her now well buggered
      ass.    
The leader threatened to whip her ass with a thin stick, he laughed
      as he asked how she would explain the marks, of course she pleaded no,
      and he agreed not too but she had to humiliate herself by licking balls,
      ass-holes and letting them do any perverted thing they liked to her, they
      promised her it was her only way out.    
When I got home she was already in bed, she told me she had a fall
      and had hurt the base of her spine and was feeling a bit shaky, I thought
      ya I bet you're a bit shaky, still I thought that's the end of that.   
Curiosity got the better of me and I took a taxi to that street
      the following Friday, I knew I had to be man enough to stop this.   
A much more dejected Monique arrived, before she got out the car
      I got in; there was a mixed look of surprise and shock on her face as I
      looked at her and said, "I know all about the cinema and here, I think
      we better go home and talk".   
We quickly drove away; apart from the odd sniff from her the drive
      home was silence. I fixed two drinks and we sat in our lounge, looking
      at her I said, "Well."   
She took a large swig of her drink, looked at me, cleared her throat, "I
      didn't mean it to go this far, it just got out of control, please believe
      me, I do love you, can you ever forgive me?"   
I looked at my beautiful wife, I must be honest all I could still
      see was her mouth wide open and a mans cock stuck to the back of it but
      I had to try, "Yes I love you but I need to know why and in detail, when
      I know that then maybe we can sort this out."   
She smiled at me, I think the words yes I love you made her feel
      better and I gritted my teeth for I didn't know what she was going to say.   
"eeerr you remember the four men who came to fit the bathroom and
      plum in the extra central heating?" I nodded.   
"Well it was the Wednesday, if you remember I had done a model
      shoot in the morning, starting early, I had left with you and not done
      any housework," she took another swig.   
"I'd done a swim suite and short skirt shoot, it always makes me
      feel sexy, you know parading around like that, high heels and skirts just
      down to the stocking tops and I'd still got on one of the short pleated
      skirts, a little blouse and of course the stockings. I got back around
      one, the men where working in our bedroom so I didn't change and got on
      with sorting out the house, eerrr, could I have another drink?"   
I got her another drink, she thanked me as I handed it to her and
      returned to my seat.   
"I'd washed up and next went to make our bed, stupidly I decided
      it must look a mess to the workmen. I went in, smiled at the two men working
      on the piping and set too on the bed making.    
I was bent over pulling the cover up when I felt a hand stroking
      up and down the back of my leg, I wanted to stop it but it felt like a
      electric bolt, I didn't move, I just stayed still."   
"They knew and I knew I was breathing heavy, something was stopping
      me from moving and they were getting bolder.   
 I could feel this hand travelling further up my thigh; I was struggling
      to say no when the second hand touched me. I felt my knees buckle against
      the bedside. The hands were now tickling me on my bare skin above my nylon
      tops, I was just about to stop them when the door opened and a third man
      came in."   
She took another large swig of her drink before she carried on, "This
      man was the oldest and the crudest of the gang, he looked at me bent over
      the bed with his workmates hands just up under my skirt, he laughed as
      he said; What have we here? Is it your typical lonely housewife in need
      of a good shagging? He came up to the other side of the bed facing me;
      well sweetheart if your husband can't get it up and your under used cunt
      wants a fucking you've come to the right place."    
Her eyes flicked up looking at me, watching my reaction, I knew
      I was about to hear something that I didn't want too.   
"He put his hand on my breast and squeezed them, stupidly I hadn't
      put my bra back on, he grinned at me; Oh these feel nice, bet they suck
      up nice too, mind if I take a look? In fact the way you look, I don't think
      you'll mind if we skip the formalities and get down to stripping all your
      clothes off, I reckon seeing you nice and naked should show us just how
      horny and wet you are?   
I knew then this had to stop; I struggled to say no and went to
      move.    
I tried to kneel on the bed, I had to escape, but as I put one
      knee on the bed they held my other leg, now my legs were wide open."   
She quickly drank the last of her drink, this time not looking
      at me, "I tried to plead with him, I asked him to stop what he was doing
      and to stop them but all he did was grin back at me saying, "Ya, ya maybe
      later but first I want these in my hands," his fingers worked on my breasts
      until he found my hard enlarged nipples, then he started squeezing them, " And
      these will definitely feel good for both of us when their stuck in my mouth," he
      started to unbutton my blouse.    
I put my hand out but the two behind me where now in my pants,
      While he had been playing with my nipples they had pulled my crotch peice
      to one side, now there were fingers exploring me, I couldn't stop them
      pushing in to my pussy and my arse, I could feel their mouths kissing and
      licking my naked thighs.    
I had to put my hand down again to steady myself so the man carried
      on unbuttoning me. He ripped the last two buttons off, giving himself free
      access to my breasts."   
"I couldn't stop him, he was very rough, he was enjoying mauling
      and twisting my nipples. Then the fourth one arrived, the young one, he
      gave some yell as he saw what was happening.   
Oh god how did it happen, me bent over our bed, one man playing
      with my tits, rolling my nipples between his fingers, two other men behind
      me pushing fingers up my cunt and arse and I wasn't stopping them.   
The young kid was the one who dragged my blouse off before attacking
      my breast with his mouth. By now the others had ripped my pants off and
      were enjoying finger fucking both my holes, the feeling was overpowering,
      I couldn't help it, my head dropped, I groaned as the old man mauled my
      tits, he laughed at me as I just let them do what ever they wanted to me."   
She needed another drink, which I duly got for her, still I said
      nothing, I just let her confess, "As the other three attacked my cunt,
      arse and breasts they started to control me.   
The gang leader pulled my hands to him, he made me undo his jeans;
      then I had to take his fat thick cock out. He held my hair, " Come on bitch,
      your not going to stop us so lets cut the pretence and use that cute mouth
      for what its meant for."    
He was dragging my head down until he made me put it in my mouth,
      it was long and thick, he made me suck it.   
 As my mouth was stretched wide open and plugged full of his cock,
      I couldn't stop any one of them from abusing me, fingering me between my
      legs, there were fingers up my cunt and arse or a mouth was sucking at
      my nipples.   
They weren't like you like you; the were very rough, holding me,
      forcing my head down, plugging my mouth full of his meat, viciously fucking
      my mouth until his hips shoved forward and he filled my throat with his
      juice.    
I was coughing and spitting his juice from my mouth, he had nearly
      chocked me with his filthy cock but they didn't care. They immediately
      pulled my skirt off, honestly I tried to stop them but all the time they
      held my hands as their hands played with my body, all the time mouths sucked
      on my nipples, finger drove up my arse and cunt and tongues invaded my
      mouth until they picked me up and dropped me onto the bed.   
 All I had on were my stockings as they roughly grabbed my head;
      I could feel a cock between my legs as I was turned to suck another length
      of male meat. They held my head tightly; fingers pushed my jaw down as
      he forced another full length of hard male cock in to my mouth.    
I lay on my own bed, our own bed sucking another mans cock while
      my legs where held open, they were wide open across another man who was
      enjoying playing with my tits, his fingers twisting my nipples as his cock
      ploughed in to me from the side; I could see the other two taking their
      clothes off, they were getting ready to have their turn at using me and
      I was like a common whore, being fucked so hard I was unable to say no."   
She was drinking very fast now, I suppose I was enjoying my power
      over her, I waited for her to continue but not for long, "The third one
      joined in. Again I was unable to stop him as he held my nose and jaw before
      he too jammed his cock in my mouth.   
They held me tight and didn't let me go until I ended up sucking
      and swallowing another load of juice, they laughed at me as he pumped his
      cum down my throat, as this happened a third one stood in front of me holding
      his cock, he told them to keep hold of me he also wanted to fuck my face
      he intended to empty his load in my mouth.   
They laughed as they positioned me, I just knelt there; they could
      see I was unable to stop sucking their cocks. As fingers played with my
      arse and cunt and fingers moved under me, rolling my nipples I became more
      and more excited.   
They stood around me telling me they had decided the best way to
      keep me quiet and unable to stop them was to fill my mouth with cock and
      I was going to let them because, if I tried to stop them, they knew the
      would be able to use their fingers between my legs and they knew it would
      excite my pussy.    
As I sucked the cock in my mouth some-one thought it would be fun
      to force me over the gang leaders face. He didn't stop fucking my mouth
      as they manoeuvred me over that mans face he was an expert at pussy licking.
      I couldn't help myself as he licked at my clit and shoved his tongue further
      inside my cunt, I was getting so horny at the way others played with my
      tits that I sucked the cock in my mouth further down my throat, and while
      he enjoyed fucking my mouth they made me finger his balls until he came.    
   
That was when they knew they had me; I was theirs to play with.
      It was then the crude remarks started, they laughed as they humiliated
      me, "This cunts gagging for it, she ain't gona stop us, we can do what
      we like to her, how about some-one start fucking her."    
This young lad, he was nothing more than a boy but he was laughing
      at me while he played with my left tit, saying "Come on Monique you don't
      mind if I fuck you, I've already had it in your mouth so how about you
      play with my cock again before I'm the first to use your nice tight arse?"   
The forth was at my right nipple, this had never happened to me
      before, all these men using me, doing what they liked to me, I looked at
      them, their cocks all long and hard, I was about to be gang banged, I knew
      they were all going to fuck me and I couldn't stop having orgasm's."   
"I was right, for the rest of the afternoon I was fucked, as one
      finished another grabbed me, it was impossible to stop them, they just
      took me, sometimes two or three or even one worked on my holes but they
      worked continuously, I couldn't stop them, god I tried to stop their hands
      but they just laughed as they grabbed my arms, then their fingers excited
      me and their cocks soon followed, they wouldn't stop fucking me, not just
      once but over and over again.   
She drank the other half of the glass in one as she said, " I've
      lived with the memory of me lying on our bed, juice leaking out my cunt
      or arse or both, which ever had just been fucked, exhaustedly watching
      as the man or men who had just left filth up me left our bedroom."   
   
She took a deep breath, "I can see myself now, putting my hands
      up and saying no to the next one to come at me, I remember him just pushing
      my arms away as he lay on the bed, he would start to kiss me, holding my
      head as his mouth mashed on to mine, then his hands running over my tits,
      toying with my nipple then he or if there where two would attack my cunt,
      their fingers or tongues playing over my wet slit, then I would feel them
      moving up to the hood, then start working on my clit, it quickly stood
      hard and proud and I just surrendered, then the mocking sneers as I opened
      my legs, waiting for them to fuck me again.   
I couldn't tell you, how could I tell you I'd been ganged fucked
      all afternoon, that my arse, cunt and mouth had been used by other men's
      cocks, that my nipples were sore from continuously being played with and
      sucked.   
 I tried to make it up, even though I was sore I was still aroused
      so I tried to make love to you that night, but you weren't bothered.    
As dawn woke me I knew that if you left me alone they'd be at me
      again and even if I said no they would control me, hold me and abuse me
      with their fingers until I couldn't refuse and I would be unable to stop
      them all fucking me again, so I thought I'd better get out, I know, I'll
      go with my husband.   
I asked you for a lift, you completely forgot, oh yes, to immersed
      in your work, the fact that you didn't leave until after they got here
      was bad enough, the way they grinned at me when they arrived they knew
      I hadn't told you.   
 So when I went upstairs to get my coat two of them were waiting,
      they grabbed me, held me, I waited for your help but you didn't even remember
      me.    
But I can remember. I walked in to our bedroom and they grabbed
      me, pushed me against the wall, a finger closed over my lips and a voice
      said, "Don't speak and keep your hands by your side, your not going anywhere,
      they only moving your doing is under us, on your back with your knees up
      and your legs wide open."   
I struggled as I said, "No," he laughed.   
The finger on my lip pushed hard in to my mouth, "Don't struggle,
      there's no point we are going to have some fun with you again today," he
      licked the side of my face, "All day."   
I had two of them holding on to me, pinning me to the bedroom wall,
      then they started kissing me, and forcing their tongues in my mouth, I
      couldn't help myself, I ended up letting them.   
The fact that you were down stairs sorting out your brief case
      and they were upstairs with me; holding me, abusing me, their hands mauling
      my body, it was quickly arousing me and it did something to me, I just
      stood their mesmerized by what they were doing.   
They quickly undid some buttons on my blouse, he laughed in my
      face as he said, "Come on baby, your husband won't mind if I have your
      tits out and have some fun with them, I enjoyed fucking off between them
      yesterday so why should today be any different?"   
Again both of them were very rough, one grinning at me while holding
      my head and then forcing his tongue in my mouth, his other hand inside
      my blouse squeezing my tits really hard, rolling my now firm nipple in
      his fingers.   
They other kneeling at my feet his hands up my skirt, as one hand
      pulled my panties to one side the other pushed my legs open, I heard him
      say, "Open your legs bitch I want your cunt, just like I had it yesterday,
      I want to get a finger full of your pussy," they played with me and it
      all had some weird sexual arousal that was exciting me.   
They were attacking my body as the gang leader watched you drive
      away, he turned and grinned at me, me helplessly aroused, held by two of
      his men, I was now almost naked, and they were enjoying me, he sneered
      at me saying; He's gone and your still here and I get to play with you
      or should I say some of that sweet tasting juicy cunt.   
He walked towards me; I was almost delirious. A mouth sucking at
      my now exposed breasts and fingers pushing up in to my cunt, my legs parted
      as a mouth sucked hard at my clit.    
I only just heard him saying; And so do you sweetheart, there's
      nothing I like more than a woman fingering her cunt while I cream fill
      her mouth with my juice. Right lads strip it all off, get her how we like
      her, naked and available, its fucking the horny assed housewife time again."    
She swallowed hard, her voice getting angrier, "Do you know how
      many time I was on our bed being fucked by three men at the same time,
      their cocks banging in to me, making me cum over and over again, I couldn't
      help it I was being forced to admit I was loving it? Do you know how painful
      it is to have your hair dragged back as one man fucks you from behind and
      have your head dragged forward as a man fucks and fills your mouth with
      his juice? Having to suck a cock clean after its just been stuck up your
      arse bringing you to another orgasm.   
 I swallowed so much cum that day I didn't need lunch. They had
      me naked all day, there was no escape, they were following me around, fucking
      any of my holes in any room they decided to have me in.    
Do you know how humiliating it is to have to tickle a mans cock
      with your tongue or lick his balls while your bouncing on another mans
      cock knowing that they know you've got to have that fucking?   
My mouth was so sore but you never noticed, not that day or the
      next.   
   
Oh yes, with out telling me you went on a little errand, just popping
      out for a few hours, you said to them and boy were they pleased.   
   
Before the sound of our car had died down they had grabbed me,
      held me tight. Hands started running all over my body and soon they had
      decided they had to get me hot because they were going use your going out
      for a few hours by going in me for a few hours, did you think of me, alone
      in the house with four hard cocks.   
Me, trying to keep some dignity by asking them to stop. They had
      me held in our living room and I was having that sick feeling in my stomach
      as they grabbed me, forcing me down on to my knees.    
They cheered and laughed at me as that old man made me kneel in
      front of his work mate. One of them knelt and held me, another pushed his
      hands in to my top and squeezed my breasts as they told the man to take
      his trousers and pants off.   
 My head was being held, someone was pushing it at the huge cock,
      the older man was laughing at me as he said, "Go on look at it, doesn't
      it look tasty a nice big length of meat and it wants your tongue to tickle
      its little hole, see it winking at you, don't tell us you don't want that
      stuck in your mouth," and them watching me, unable to resist the long fat
      cock, it was almost touching my lips, I couldn't help licking the pre-come
      that dripped from the fat purple end.   
Then he'd move down beside me, stick his hand up my skirt and start
      laughing as he pulled my wet pants down, pushing a finger in me saying, "You
      want us to stop or is my mate getting your tits out and the rest of us
      getting you on your back with these lovely long legs wide open?"   
He whispered in my ear, "Come on you know you want too, where's
      the harm, you didn't tell your husband we all fucked you yesterday, you
      didn't tell him how many times you had a fat cock fucking your mouth or
      me licking your cunt out and you won't tell him today, why don't I put
      my hand round and play with your hot wet cunt, you know you want me too?"    
Living with the sick sarcastic way he finished by saying, "You
      know your cunt feels real wet are you really sure you want us to go," he
      laughed even more as I dragged myself upstairs to the bed, knowing I needed
      more and he was right, I didn't want them to go and I wasn't going to stop
      them doing anything they wanted to me.   
They stood in our bedroom, surrounding me as I was forced to strip
      for them, wiggle my arse, pointing my tits at them as I gyrated my hips
      so they could tickle me between my open legs. Then, as they jabbed their
      fingers in to my wet cunt, it got me horny, until the final humiliation,
      I had to beg these common workmen to fuck me, I was naked on my knees promising
      to do what ever they asked just to have relief.    
Again and again they went at me, I couldn't stop them fucking me;
      they didn't even let me go to the bathroom with out company, even as I
      sat there having a pee one of them was fucking my mouth, and the rest were
      waiting outside for their turn.    
The trouble is I've now got a liking for multiple penetrations,
      the type that brings lots of orgasm's, so I'm now permanently horny and
      we found that cinema so that has caused this problem, there, so now you
      know."   
Well what could I do, she had admitted it all and I felt a little
      of the blame, and I was as hard as hell so we went to bed and for hours
      I fucked her brains out. After we finished she promised to stop the cinema
      trips so all was supposed to be well.    
That was until I came home a week later.    
I arrived home about six, unlocked the front door and called Monique's
      name. Moans came from the lounge. I opened the door cursorily; there she
      was tied to the dinning room table, stretched the full length, her arms
      up above and her legs tied together.    
She had half a cucumber stuffed and fastened in her mouth, the
      other half rammed up her cunt, and the bastards had shaved her. She was
      covered in sticky wet cum, love bite marks all over her thighs, tits and
      now bald cunt and a message scrawled on her stomach, IF SHE DON'T CUM TO
      US WE CUM TO HER.   
I gently untied her, she sobbed in to my arms, "It was the men
      from the cinema, they got in and grabbed me, I fought them but there was
      to many.    
They have been fucking me all afternoon, they tied me to the bed
      then played with me until it made me so horny that I would let them do
      anything they wanted to me and I'd do anything to them I couldn't help
      it, they even watched me play myself."   
 ____________________________________________________________________________________   
She laughed inside as she heard him say, "Shit I had forgotten
      they had your purse and your keys, so I'll change all the locks.   
He lifted her towards the bathroom, where he could cream her sore
      wrists and ankles and then gently wash their filth off her; he glanced
      at her she seemed to be smiling at how gently he was.   
Monique watched him, thinking, You pathetic thing, that's right
      be gently with me, they weren't, god I hope he doesn't notice I'm getting
      wet just thinking about the fucking those four gave me.   
   
Oh what a day.   
   
As I put those towels away and looked at my self in the long bathroom
      mirror, I looked good from my little white sandals up to my red shorts
      and little crop top, I thought how firm my breasts looked, no bra but still
      that sexy jut, and my freshly washed hair bounced on my shoulders, no little
      did I think that when I went back downstairs that I'd walk through my lounge
      and then in to the kitchen. I would have thought that the smell of stale
      cigarettes would have alerted me to something but no.   
   
I opened the kitchen door took two paces and froze; he was sitting
      on my washer, "Hello, you seemed to have missed your Friday appointment
      so we thought we'd visit you."   
I turned to run but one have moved between me and the door; as
      he grabbed me and I felt his arms on me that feeling surged through my
      body but I had to make a fight of it.   
   
I slapped at him, scratching his face until other hands captured
      mine and I was turned back to face him.   
   
I screamed at him get out, get out, but he just smiled, "On your
      knees bitch, that's where you belong."    
I was kicked from behind and dropped to the floor, my arms were
      pulled up above my head and held tightly almost pulling my arms from their
      sockets.   
   
He grinned at the other three, "Well doesn't Monique look good
      enough to eat, should we take the red wrapping off it?"   
I was shaking, was it with fear or excitement?   
   
I knew if they started on me I would find it difficult to stop
      them, I blurted out, "Don't please, I have money just take it and go."   
   
He slid off they washer, "How much and where?"   
I told him which draw in the desk, he disappeared only to reappear
      counting, he looked at me, "You think that 125 is worth more than fucking
      you?"   
   
My arms were pulled tighter, I squealed at the pain in my shoulders, "Please
      take it and go,"   
He bent down, "O K Monique we will take it and go."   
   
He stuffed the money in his pocket, then took his jacket off, then
      he moved to undo his trousers, I struggled to say, "No stop, you said you
      were going," as he undid his fly's his large cock flicked out, "We're going,
      but in about five hours, now stop the yakking and get your mouth round
      this cock."   
   
Monique looked at her husband as he washed the sticky muck from
      between her breasts, she played the exhausted victim as she remembered
      that five hours.   
   
I remembered the taste of his huge cock, the fat end running over
      my tongue leaving a trail of sticky juice as it rammed in to my mouth.
      With my arms held up, and my face jammed full of male meat it was easy
      for two of them to drop ether side of me, pull up my little top and attack
      my nipples with their mouths.   
   
I felt the moisture building between my legs, I gurgled around
      the cock now battering at the back of my throat, the owner just relieving
      himself in my mouth, what I wanted didn't even enter his mind.   
   
Suddenly a hand was on my thigh, I felt fingers rubbing around
      the edge of my shorts, then under making for my panties.   
   
Then fingers on my other leg, stroking my inner thigh before pushing
      in to my shorts, both sets now fighting to get in to my pants.   
   
The mouths on my tits were sucking, biting, fingers were squeezing
      them in to cone shaped mounds of flesh, making it easy for my nipples to
      be almost swallowed. The rough way my mouth was being fucked and the teeth
      at my tits already excited me but as two sets of fingers pushed forcibly
      in to my wet pussy the first feelings of my impending orgasm surged through
      me.   
   
Suddenly my tongue felt the fat end of his cock swell and then
      he dumped a load of cream down my throat, I swallowed as much as he let
      me, before he pulled out. As I carried on swallowing I forced my head down
      and looked at the other hands and mouths enjoying me, I was going to cum.   
   
I started to rock my hips on to the invading fingers ready to flood
      them with my juice but he had other ideas, "Get her upstairs."   
They needn't have dragged me upstairs but I let them, I put up
      a fight making them force me in to my bedroom. I felt so wet as I remember
      them pinning me to my bed, holding me as they stripped my clothes from
      me.   
   
 God I'm so wet I hope my wimp of a husband thinks it's their left
      over cum.   
   
My heart was racing as I saw one of them drop his shoulder bag
      on the bed and start pulling rope from it; my knees were dragged wide and
      fastened to ropes that had been thrown under the bed.   
Then one of them scooted under the bed and tied a rope to the middle
      of my knee rope. As I struggled and pleaded with them I heard it hit the
      wall under the bed head; it was pulled up and fastened to my neck then
      my hands were tied in front of me.   
   
Their leader looked at me, "You gona keep it shut or do I gag you," as
      I shook my head I saw one of them come in the door, he had some pots of
      yoghurt and a cucumber, he'd been in my fridge.   
He finished undressing, the others just looked at me, he shoved
      through them, "Come on get your kit off we ain't got all day."   
   
As he first grinned at them then at me he said, "But enough of
      it to fuck all you've got, you hungry?"   
   
He tore off the top off a yoghurt, grabbed my wrists, pulled them
      up and started drizzling the yoghurt all over my breasts and then down
      my stomach. With my legs pulled wide apart he spent a long time letting
      the cream run over my pubic hairs, soon the cream found its way in to the
      slit of my cunt, it was cold and exciting.   
   
He stuck his tongue out and licked the lid before throwing it on
      the floor, "Dinner is served lads."   
All of them leapt on the bed licking at the yoghurt, the feeling
      was incredible. Tongues slavered over my nipples, between my legs and up
      inside me. With me already being wet from downstairs soon I was bucking
      at the tongues but it wasn't satisfying me.   
   
My body needed a cock, I started to moan even whispering fuck me
      but they carried on tormenting me, bring me on but not letting me cum.   
All the yoghurt was gone and their tongues slowed, I groaned, he
      looked at me, took the cucumber and slapped it in my hand, "This keep you
      happy?"   
   
I stared at this long green vegetable then at him, "Please not
      this, you do me," he shook his head.   
My pussy was on fire; I slid the thing downwards.   
I'd used my vibrator so I knew what to do. I felt the end touch
      the folds of my pussy but before I could push it up it was snatched away, "Lets
      see what you can do with your fingers then, if you're a good girl, you
      can finish fucking yourself with this."   
   
Though my hands were tied I could still rub my clit, I tried to
      shut their leering eyes out but as I played with myself I found watching
      them excited me. Soon I had two of my own fingers making me wetter.    
   
With my knees held wide I looked obscene as my hips rocked up on
      my fingers, I started squealing, there and then he handed me the cucumber, "Come
      on Monique give us the complete show, stuff this up your cunt."   
   
I didn't need telling twice, I drove the thick green vegetable
      hard up me and pushed it in out until I screamed in to an orgasm.   
As soon as I did another load of yoghurt splat over my body and
      the frenzied tongues attacked me again. As I carried on fucking myself
      with the green long vegetable I remember thinking I'd never be able to
      take anymore but soon my body started reacting again.   
   
They soon had me begging for a real fucking and for the next four
      hours they did.   
As they untied me their words excited me, my body tingled as I
      heard, "Come on lets have some fun with her, we've come here to fuck her
      so fuck her we will."   
   
I remember trying to talk to them, explain that coming to the house
      had to stop but they didn't want to hear me they only wanted to kiss my
      mouth or, most of all, fuck it.   
   
They all fucked me. First two, one in my mouth the other behind
      up my pussy, then the other two took me, one up my arse the other gave
      my pussy another hard fucking.   
   
After more blowjobs they took me to the bathroom and shaved my
      pussy. First I struggled to stop them but with them working on my pussy
      and after the trim the cold foam had my pussy dripping again.   
   
After they finished they couldn't get enough of my bald pussy,
      playing with it, licking it and of course it turned me on, I was just their
      plaything being fucked and fucked, I screamed as they bit my body but I
      didn't stop them.   
   
I knew I had to do something to hide what I had let them do, so
      I begged them to tie me up.   
They were supposed to just tie me and leave me on the sofa but
      as soon as they had my wrist bond they decided to have me on the table,
      cutting the cucumber, putting a hole through each of the halves, so fastening
      ropes could be past through.   
    
First fixing one in my mouth like a cock, then two of them fucked
      me while I lay helpless on the table, pulling out and cuming all over me
      before bunging up my pussy with the other end.    
   
They all laughed as someone wrote on my stomach making sure the
      word HER arched over my now bald well-fucked pussy.   
   
I lay there, the cucumber keeping me wet and hot until he came
      home, come on wimp, clean me up, l'll pretend I'm innocent rape victim,
      I don't suppose it will happen again and we'll get on with our mundane
      life, again.   
 ___________________________________________________________________________    
Well I came home last Tuesday, yes you guessed it, this time she
      was tied spread eagled on the bed, they had got in, no I don't know how
      but they had fucked her again; this time it had been ten in the morning
      so they enjoyed her cunt, ass, mouth and tits almost all day and they had
      brought that thin cane, her ass was a fine mess of thin red stripes.   
 The bastards had shaved her again, taking off any stubble as though
      she was theirs to do with as they pleased; not only had they caned her
      but they had again covered her thighs, ass, tits and bald cunt with more
      love bite marks than before, well those I could see under the twenty or
      so clothes pins that adorned her tits and cunt, so it seems I didn't matter
      to them anymore.   
She looked at me, her eyes full of tears, I couldn't shout at her,
      I went to get the cream before I set too to remove the pins, I didn't look
      at her, she may have thought I would blame her, but I couldn't her bonds
      where so tight.   
 _______________________________________________________________________________   
   
Monique made her grin look like a grimace, anything to hide her
      true feelings, those feeling she felt as she had when, at ten that morning,
      she had caught sight of a figure moving in the garden.   
    
Her mind raced, as she thought.   
I remember seeing a movement, something inside me took over and
      I went down stairs and opened the back door, looked as though I was searching
      for something and went back in, leaving the back door open.    
I took the polish tin out of the kitchen cupboard, grabbed a duster
      and went in to the lounge; my body tingled.   
   
There was a sudden rush of bodies, as I swung round I knew there
      was more this time, arms grabbed me but I knew that voice, "Hello Monique,
      ready for another day of fucking and don't fucking argue we know you love
      it."   
   
I counted six of them as my clothes were ripped off, I thought
      I would play, fight them off, again but that was wrong. As soon as I was
      naked they dragged me over the sofa; the shoulder bag was opened and I
      squealed as I saw that thin cane taken out.   
   
Each one of them got their kicks from stinging my arse; they held
      me completely immobile and didn't stop until I was really crying, then
      they knew I would agree to do what ever they wanted, all day long.   
   
I remember him saying, "Hope you got all that screaming out cause
      your mouth is going to be doing anything but talking. You don't know your
      two new friends but we told them about your tits and mouth and that's their
      speciality so we decided they could join us on today's fuck-feast."   
   
As three of them pushed me upstairs so the others brought food
      and drink from my kitchen to my bedroom and that's where we stayed all
      day.   
   
I won't bore you with the fucking I got today, just to say that
      the two knew ones were cruel bastards, hurting me until I held my tits
      together and let them fuck them and my mouth. They were also the ones who
      shaved me, others complained that I was stubbly but it was just another
      humiliation to be heaped on me.   
   
I was so exhausted at the end that they lost interest; I was flopping
      around unable to satisfy them so it was then they tied me to the bed.   
To revive me they had brought clothespins. As soon as I was gagged
      and helpless they clipped them all over the most sensitive parts of my
      pussy and tits.   
   
Yes, I was soon squealing with pain, they all laughed at me thrashing
      on the bed to try and shake them off. I suppose watching my tits swinging
      around got them excited so they fucked me again, covered me in what they
      called, their calling card, and left.   
    ______________________________________________________________________________      
Well dear reader I got home tonight, she was tied, bent over the
      back of the big lounge chair, legs wide to each caster, her vibrator was
      taped up her cunt and she was cuming like a goodun, thrusting her hips
      around and grunting in to orgasm after orgasm.   
Her beautiful body, hair and face is covered in dried cum and I
      reckon she'd been fucked by many for most of the day; I looked at her,
      then went upstairs for a shower.   
 _______________________________________________________________________________   
   
Monique turned her head sideways and watched him leave; as she
      bucked in to another climax she thought, where the fuck is he going, but
      those thoughts quickly went as she started remembering her first climax
      of the day.   
She thought it must have been providence that made me go to the
      garage today.   
   
I remember it was ten when I finished giving myself a good fucking
      with my vibrator, but I wasn't satisfied no I wanted something for my arse
      and I knew there was some small plastic tubes in the garage.   
   
I left my vibrator on the bed and went to look. I only had on my
      bathrobe and slippers as I rooted round the workbench, I was so annoyed
      when I couldn't find anything clean enough to stick up my arse and for
      some reason I was still as horny as hell.    
   
I stormed back in, right in to them. My robe was on the floor before
      I could think and arms were lifting me in to the lounge.   
The same six as last time filled the lounge, soon they were dragging
      me to the floor; I found myself sitting on one cock sucking another as
      they treated the house as though it were theirs.   
   
I was amazed to think that just last night my husband had been
      sat in this chair and here I was bent over it being fucked from behind
      by a stranger or staring at the ring marks left from our wine glass's on
      the coffee table as I lay over it being banged up my arse.   
   
I knew I would sit looking at this carpet tonight while watching
      T V but all I could watch at that moment was a set of balls belonging to
      who, I don't know, swinging at my eyes as his large cock slammed in to
      my mouth, then jumping as a cock buried itself up and deep between my legs.   
   
Soon drink and food littered the tables as I was passed around
      my own lounge for anybody to fuck.   
   
There comes a time when realization hits home. Your mind cannot
      find anymore excuses for what you are.   
   
They were all enjoying me, resisting them was futile; I needed
      to be fucked so my body ruled my head. I remembering pleading with this
      leader at the way the two cruel ones twisted and pulled at my nipples only
      to hear him say, "Someone shut her yakking up, stick I cock in her mouth
      and fuck her face, she'll suck it, our new friend loves it."   
   
It was when they took me upstairs that they found the vibrator,
      the torment that followed that discovery was unbelievable.   
   
They had brought duck tape with them so that ever time they left
      me to ether drink or eat, their entertainment was my hell.    
   
My hands would be tied behind me and the vibrator firmly stuck
      up me, then switched on, the vibrations drove me crazy.   
As I rolled round the floor having orgasm's, my hands tied behind
      me made it impossible to pull out the humming piston, as I wiggled round
      groaning and pleading for mercy all I could see was their leering faces
      laughing at my torment and they knew my body was forcing me to enjoy every
      minute of it.   
   
They got their kicks from humiliating me. I found myself grovelling
      around giving blow-job after blow-job, my arse wiggling and jumping as
      I knelt there, still with my hands held behind me sucking them all until
      they came in my mouth.    
   
Even then my torment continued they had me sucking them hard again
      before the thick pink vibrator was removed, I had to make sure they were
      ready to fuck me again.   
   
It was an all day fucking session; it took them six hours of continuously
      fucking my pussy, arse, tits and mouth before they were done with me.   
   
I should have guessed they where up to something when they carried
      me downstairs. I was out of it; my whole body ached as they tied me over
      the big chair. My legs tied really wide to each caster, my hands dragged
      down, tied together and each rope end tied to each of the front casters.   
   
They pushed my little black pants up in to my cum soaked pussy
      then stuffed them in my mouth keeping them in with three strips of horrid
      tape.   
My arse was slapped a few times before I felt the vibrator pushed
      firmly up in to me again, then switched on, I knew, as the tape was stuck
      over it keeping it right up to my cervix bone, that it would drive me crazy,
      god was I right.   
   
I wanted to scream at them, they couldn't leave me like this, bound
      and helplessly shaking in to another orgasm. They cleared their belongings
      in to that bag, dressed and filed out of the door; the last one making
      sure the dildo was firmly up me.    
   
I tried to pled with him but only succeeded in sucking my own cum
      soaked pants until I moaned in to that orgasm and to my horror I immediately
      felt another starting, I moaned again as I heard the door shut behind them.   
   
I've lost count of how many times I've cum before wimp here came
      home, talking of wimp where the fuck is he.   
___________________________________________________________________________________   
I came back downstairs but this time I didn't untie her, oh no,
      I just gave her ass a bloody good fucking, well she was tied really tight
      and gagged with a pair of her own cum soaked panties so there was no arguing
      and at this moment I'm just resting before I'm ready to take the vibrator
      out and fuck her cunt a few times.    
So I thought I would write the last few months activates down;
      now I don't know if all this tying up and being forced is stage managed
      by her for my benefit, and I don't know if you or I will ever know what
      happened while I was at work, or   maybe you do  ,
      but one thing I have come to realise is, if you can't beat them, join them.   
 Pagan.    

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





