BDSM Library - Crawl Space




Crawl Space
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Cuy's bowel indisposition leads to a 24 hour timeout below.
CRAWL SPACE

"Take off your clothes first, Cuy."

I waited for her to respond, and when she slowly began to unbutton her shirt, I
turned to turn the light switch on for the tool room. It was about 1 AM now, and
when I turned back, Cuy now stood before me with the clothes on the ground
beside her.

Cuy had become more and more intimidated by my growing demands for her to submit
to my fantasies. She now no longer tried to protest against whatever I asked of
her. But as usual, when our sessions began, she had a tear form slowly in her
eye. She looked so sad as it began to run down her cheek.

"Don't worry. I don't intend to beat you if you just do as you are told", I
reassured her.   There was certainly nothing Cuy hated more than being beat.  

"Still, I want you to kiss Mr. Stick first."

Cuy immediately responded by planting multiple wet kisses on the cane I had
raised up to her lips. I had bought Mr Stick several months ago at the Hobby
Lobby, where I had told them I intended it for a bean plant to use to grow high.
Instead, I had rushed home and given Cuy her first real beating with more than
just a belt. That's when I think she gave up all expectations of having it much
better. But I didn't want my woman to have much hope. Just a little.

I looked at Cuy bemusedly as she eagerly tried to show me that she was going to
be obedient tonight. Her kisses to the cane were more sensual than any kisses
she could actually deliver to my body elsewhere. Certainly mopre sensual than
without a threat. She had to have that threat of being hurt in some way to
really respond with her best.

"That's enough, Cuy. Stand up straighter, please. You know how I hate it when
you slouch."  And I pulled Mr. Stick away from her lips.   

Her posture immediately yanked into position with back arched, and breasts
thrust out.

"Now open your legs more."

As she moved her feet apart, I slipped my hand into her smoothly shaved panocha.
She was dry still, for only a little fear did not help moisten her pleasure
enough. And all she had had so far, was just a suspicion that tonight might be
humiliating or painful in some form or another. But just how, she had not a clue
yet?   I rubbed gently her dry lips.

"Cuy, turn around for a second. And spread your cheeks, please."

Her hands immediately drew her cheeks apart as she twirled to face away. Then
she stretched them even harder apart. She knew I always asked fo her to open yet
wider.

I put my index finger gently to her culo opening, and pressed softly inward.

"Cuy, let me in, Dear. I've hardly assaulted you yet now."  And I pushed her
freshly bathed butthole open. I insisted that she be clean for me, though I
liked a little of my own personal filth to be made available for her.  Why that
was one of her home duties!  Cleaning me when I was dirty. I didn't really care,
and it made her feel useful. And dirty.

"Cuy, stand on your tiptoes, please, while you keep yourself open and back
arched." I liked for Cuy to feel her powerlessness. She knew that I would just
as soon beat her as not.   But it was hard for her to maintain that inconvenient
postition for long, so she began to tremble. I grabbed her by her nearest nalga,
and slapped it hard with my right hand.   Then I squeeezed it.

"OK, relax. That's enough for now. I want you to go over there and shit for me."

She moved in the direction I had motioned.

"On your knees, facing away from me and legs wide apart with your butt up. You
are a little dog and I like to see you shit."  She did as told, and I turned
away. She was shy about this function, and was more likely to comply if not
watched.

Well I waited, and she strained. She strained some more, and I picked the cane
back up, but waited still.

"Master Wacky, Sir. I just can't," she begged, as she rotated her head to glance
towards me with her plea.

I took Mr Stick and ran him up to her butt cheeks, and then pressed upward and
between with the end tip into her crack. "And why can't you, Cuy?", I asked
coldly. We had been through this before.

"I don't know, Sir. I just can't. I have tried but can't. I don't need to go
right now.   Sorry, Sir."

I looked into her face as she looked over her shoulder at me from her dog on
fours position.

"Get up, Cuy. You know that I am tired of this sort of thing from you. You know
that I want to degrade you, or beat you for your lack of obediance.  You are a
little shiteater, Cuy.  
But i get tired of doing that with you.  You didn't shit for me in the morning,
and now you won't shit for me at night. So I'm going to give you a new
punishment tonight. I'm tired of getting my fingers all stinky by making you eat
my shit when you misbehave.  So we can do a little different thing tonight
instead, and save the soap for my hands for some other use. Later perhaps?"

I could see the look of relief that she would not have me force her to eat a
turd yet again, but look of relief soon became mixed with a growing cloud on her
face. Just what was I planning for her this time then?

"Look, Cuy. Just like with when you try not to eat shit, I have to beat you and
then you still have the shit to face eating. You will do as I say now, or get
beat first and then do it anyway. Got it, Babe? So why not behave from the
start?"

"Yes, Sir," she replied looking towards the ground. Tears welled once again into
both eyes this time.  I reached over to dry the bigger one off, after the other
dropped from the other eye kerplunk to the floor. She could really be quite
touching at times. I felt kind of bad, but I knew I had to push on with her.
Otherwise... she'd walk all over me, and all over other men, too, if I let her.

"Look up" I said with a sneer as I pulled her hair backdown with my one hand,
and raised her chin up with my right forefinger under. And then I gave her face
a slap as I pulled my hand out fromm under her chin and above most quickly. I
grabbed her chin again. Her eyes darted back and forth most wildly, trying to
look away, yet not fully daring to.

"I think you need that beating you fear so much, Cuy. Am I right?"

SHe shook her head strongly and slumped sharply."No, Sir. I am sorry, Sir. I
will do better, I really will. I will shit for you just as soon as I can, Sir.
Please believe me.  Don't hit me, I beg of you!"  And she tried to get her
crying started once again.

"Basta, Dear! Cuy, we have moved beyond that already. But I will not beat you
right this second.  That is too quick a punishment for you anyway. Tonight you
get something entirely different."

Cuy's eyes lit up. No beating? No beating! "Thank you, Sir. Thank you. I love
you and will do better, I will.  Your slave wants to be good."  And she
machinegunned kisses to my crotch as I pulled her head in that direction.

I let her pleasure me lightly like that for a minute. It was really pretty
degrading, but compared to the worse she feared,it hardly was even noticeable to
her in her relief at not getting slapped. I liked her to grovel, but didn't like
for her to use that stupid word, 'slave'. What the hell is a slave in this day
and age, anyway?

"Cunt, get down on your stomach," and I pulled her face away from my crotch by
tugging her hair away to the side. She rapidly dived to the tiles with her face
down and arms out. It was an uncomforable position, and I delivered a light kick
to her side to make it even more so.

"Open your legs wider". I pulled her head back by her hair, and jabbed sharply
with my right index finger into her rear hole. My finger drilled down for her
shit about 2 inches, and then see-ed, and sawed, up and down, in and almost out,
roughly.

"Enough! Lick this off, and then get up back to your feet, My Sweetheart."  I
still held on to her hair as she lapped the finger quite moist in her mouth.
Then I allowed her to rise to her feet, pulling her head upward but soiftly.

"Don't get to comfy standing on yuor feet now, Dear. On your knees is where you
belong and where you'll be."

She shuffled some to the side nervously as response. What would Wacky mean by
that? played in her eyes...

"Tonight, Cuy, you sleep under the house in that crawlway where the dead cats
got boxed in and died. I think the road kill smell is not so bad now as to make
it impossible like it would have been earlier."

Her eyes lit up in disbelieve and horror. "No, Sir. It is way too narrow to
crawl into. Only cats can make it!"  Cuy had a terrible fear of closed spaces.
Even an elevator could make her nervous. And the crawlway under the house, meant
for hurricane floodwaters, was definitely dark and narrow.

"Cuy, you are so wrong. It is quite big enough for you, and I'll prove it to
you." With that I grabbed her by the hair again and tugged her through the door
I had just opened.   She tried to pull away but I slapped her with my other
hand.  The cool air crashed against her open and unclothed body.

"You will do as i say, Cuy CuntHoney. You lost the right to resist long ago
already. Stop it now, or I'll beat you again." With that notice she suddenly
went limp. I never have known a woman who hated to be beat quite as bad as Cuy
does.

I pulled her naked through the doorway and out into the dark night. One of the
neighbor's houses still had a light on, but I just kept pulling her anyway. I
pulled her the twenty feet to the side of our house where Cuy had reviously laid
a plank across the openning, trapping several cats underneath that had then died
and rotted carcasses underneath.   I had pulled the board back off earlier that
afternoon, and now the entrance to below beckoned wide open to poor Cuy.

Her head was yanked downward, and she to her knees. "Get your butt in", I said
while pushing her ass in with my right leg.

"Get in now, Or I'll board it up after I do push you in. You stay there until
next night at one. Hear?" With that, I gave her rear end a final push, and her
naked bottom drilled forward into the obscurity of the dirty dusty entrance.

"Listen, Possum. I'm leaving you here for a day for you to think well about why
you keep refusing to shit for me when I tell you to. Yeah, Honey. You're a
possum tonight, instead of the dog of a woman I make you feel like inside."  

With that, I leaned over and grabbed her face which had pushed out of the
opening once again hoping to beg and plea bargain me with. I grabbed her hair
once again, and slapped her face with both the front and back of my free hand.
Not hard enough to hurt mind you, but just hard enough to have some sting to
shame and shatter. Then I took my hand and pressed it against her face, released
her hair and pushed her back inside the darkened and dank crawl way underneath.
She just fit with maybe half a foot to spare from the bottom of the house. The
cats before had made quite a noise that bothered us above. I wondered if Cuy
would be as bad? lol.

I walked away wondering if she dared to come out? I didn't really think so, but
I gritted my teeth. If she did, I'd beat the living daylights out of that woman,
with first just a belt, and then the cane. Then I'd take her back out once
again. No way was I going to put up with any shit from my sweet little Cuy
tonight.

"OOPs, Cuy!", I thought to myself. "I forgot to tell you that I left you water
in a dog bowl for you underneath if you got thirsty. 'Cause you are a sweetheart
I didn't piss in it either." I hoped that my possum wouldn't accidentally tip it
over in the dark, and have nothing to drink for an entire day.  

It'll get hot and nasty under there, especially with those dead cat bodies still
lying around. Poor Cuy. But she really had no rights as for as I was concerned,
Not at this point. My mind turned to other thoughts, as I went back inside.




A Leak Outside

I started to drink about 11pm. There were still 2 hours left before Cuy's time
under the crawl space would expire. I was beginning to feel bad about then. Just
why did I mistreat my little woman the way I just had, I didn't really know?

She surely loved me, but she still would not often obey me or fullfill all my
frequent requests to her. It made me feel really pissed off, it did.  For that,
she certainly deserved those 24 hours of subspace timeout I had given her below
the house, yet I still felt somewhat guilty for abusing her in this manner.  

Subspace, what a stupid term! Cuy wasn't a subhuman. She wasn't really all that
submissive either. Of course, the crawl space could certainly be classified as
subterranean! A grim smile came to my face as I reflected on this. I continued
to drink my quart of cheap beer.   And Cuy was my little guinea pig... below in
her tight little subterranean crawlspace clutching dirt.

I was getting pissy thinking about my little girl. Bloated and pissy. And my
breath began to sour and ferment. I probably couldn't really get my Texas Pride
to function too well tonight with all this beer in me. But certainly I was
needing to take a leak. And Cuy would need a bath after her Springtime passage.
I thought, it's stupid to go take a leak now in the bathroom toilet, and
continue to wait until one o'clock to see my little dirthog. Why not give Cuy a
break on the time at least?

Walking throught the door I was grateful that the temp had begun to cool off
again. A hot shower might even feel good to poor Cuy now? I walked towards the
hole on the side of the house that opened into darkness below.

"Cuy! Hey, Cuy! It's me. Are you still alive in there?" I certainly hoped so! It
already smelled of dead cat below. No need to add to the stink. 

"Cuy, hurry up. Time's up, Girl. Let's go!"

A shadow began to stir in the opening to Cuy's hole. And Cuy began to come
through doubled over, all like a dirty ball. Boy did she smell like dead animal.
Her hair was matted and dirt covered with dust and sticks.

She crept out head first, and then started to rise up to her feet, but my hand
quickly came out to restrain her.

"Sorry, Baby. Let me clean you off some." And I grabbed her by the hair. "Now
look up at me straight, and keep the body down. Face up now."

It had been dark, but the neighbor's light was on once again. And a star or two
twinkled dimly in the sky. I unzipped myself, and crowed... "Cuy, if you are
thirsty or just want to show your love, open your mouth."  

I looked downward, but Cuy had not appeared to have heard any of my request to
her. Oh well. With one hand I held her, and with my other I pulled a limp noodle
forth through my now unzipped fly. As the pressure in my pisser below began to
rise, I took my aim.  Cuy had now opened her target quite wide for me. She was
taking no chances about staying out yet another night in the crawl space. Her
mouth awaited my leak of stale beer.

First it started with a timid burst, but then a trickle, but still I continued
dribbling urine until her mouth began to overflow with the hot stream.   Stop.
And then the void began to flow again, this time with force. I began to wash off
both her face and her hair with my hose. And then I aimed for down lower on her
chest. I looked towards the neighbor's window light as my flow continued its off
and on dribble. I had to stop at last, so I put the wet little guy back in my
pants. Damn! I had wet some on myself.  

"You stupid asshole", I muttered to myself. 

Shit, this felt so awkward and stupid, and I didn't really want to do anything
much more with  Cuy tonight. I grabbed my little doll with both hands, and then
I fell forward and to the side, taking her down with me into the grass. I loved
dirtyness, and with Cuy's time underneath t5he crawl space, and the wet pee, we
both certainly now felt it. I rolled with her into the grass held together
tight, and clutched her unclothed wet filth to me. She didn't really want to
acknowledge my presence by looking into my face, but I wasn't letting her get
away with it. After drinking a whole quart of beer and with this light buzz, I
was now in no mood to let her make me feel bad about giving out any of her
punishment.   Wet, slimy, and dirty, she turned me on even in my drunken state.  
That's why I love her so.

"cuy. You know I love you despite how I just treated you so bad. I had to piss
on you to clean you off. Now, all I want to do is just kiss you, Babe."

 And with that, I dug my tongue into her lips and probed past her teeth to the
inside of her mouth. And we kissed and kissed and kissed.  Or at least I forced
us to do so. Cuy at first went rigid, but then had to loosen up just a midge to
breathe.  I'm sure my breath wasn't the greatest, but who cares? If Cuy did, she
still didn't care to voice her complaint.

I squeeezed her boobs to me, and then played roughly with the points, twisting
and pulling them. If we had made a tad more noise, the neighbors might have
woken up to look out and see what dogs might be out in the night, making such a
ruckus.   Howl-ooouuullll....   Bow-wow-wow....  We were both animals, though
the Macho dog, Wacky, now had a limp dick.

"Come on, Sweetheart. Let's go inside and clean you up. And then you can get a
decent rest.  I'm not going to fuck with you any more this night."  

And the full moon pulled out behind a dense cloud, and lighened up the profile
of the houses  in the night. There would be other nights for pleasuring my my
now shrivelled up, and pretty much dead little stick.  Big Daddy had turned
himself into Mr. LittleWood, and the beer gut above was a rumbling.   Tonight,
all the dogs would be quiet. Poor Cuy needed a rest anyway.  And with her
slumped profile at my side, we two entered the house once again together.  My
hand holding hers inside of it.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Wacky Spurtz


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





