BDSM Library - Geraldine and The Two Lessons




Geraldine and The Two Lessons
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Geraldine learns when to shut up and when to say thank you.
Geraldine and the two lessons

  "Hello," I said, walking up to a cute girl, in the subway
on a sweltering night in New York City, after a movie with a
friend. She was my height and had shoulder-length blonde
hair. She was wearing a soft top and no bra. Her cushiony
tits were filling the shirt, begging to be caressed, and her
knee-length skirt revealed sleek tan curvaceous legs.
  She smiled and lowered her eyes.
   "Where are you going?"
  "Home."
  "Sleep at my place."
  She eyed me for a second. I tried my hardest to remain
completely serious. No nervous laughter. No smiles. "Where's
that?"
  "Next stop. Get off."
  She got off.
  
  Three-minute walk to my apartment from there. I walked
very fast. She struggled to keep up.
  "I'm David."
  "Geraldine," she panted.
  "Hello. What do you do?"
  "I'm a journalist," she said nervously.
  "Nice. Who do you work for?"
  "Daily News."
  "You write copy or you do research?"
  "Uh, I work in the mailroom."
  "Ha!" I chortled. Her attempt to impress me was pathetic.
  "What about you? You work on Wall Street or something?"
  "What makes you say that?"
  "Wear a tie, live in a Manhattan high-rise."
  "I'm not done asking about you. When I am, I may tell you
something about myself."
  She stopped walking. "Now hold on, if you think I'm going
up to your place without knowing anything."
  I was twenty feet from her when I paused, turned around,
held my hand out to the side like I was waiting for a dog,
and said, "Come on."
  She caught up. I resumed my pace.
  "Lived here long?"
  "Four months."
  "You want to be a journalist?"
  "Yes."
  "Think you will be?"
  "Maybe. I'm not so good at it."
  "Then why are you trying to be one?"
  "I don't know."
  That was just as well. She was in front of my building. I
pushed her past me into the revolving door and through the
lobby to the elevator.
  She got in the elevator. "Press 37," I told her as I
followed.
  
  We walked in.
   "Play the piano?"
  "Yes."
  She walked around. A few dishes were on the counter. She
passed them with a little sigh and went to the bathroom. I
checked my messages and e-mail. No e-mail. She walked into
the bedroom before I was done and shouted from there, "Just
move here?"
  "No, why?"
  "All your furniture is badly organized and you have boxes
clumped up all over."
  I walked into the bedroom. "My air conditioner leaked,
making the floor tiles swell and buckle. They replaced them
all last week. I haven't had time to rearrange." I suddenly
grabbed her and slammed her against the wall face first,
taking care not to bang her head. "Now stop talking." I
reached under her skirt and flatly pressed my hand into her
cunt through her panties. They were damp.
   "Why are you here?" I asked.
  "I don't know," she panted. I roughly grabbed one of her
tits with my other hand. The first hand started to move.
  "No idea?"
  "For sex?" she said, breathlessly, but ditzily.
  "You're here to get fucked."
  She squirmed and moaned a little. She nodded vigorously.
  "Say it."
  "Here. to. have. sex," she barely managed to get out.
  I grabbed her hair and pulled it so hard that she
squealed. A gush of liquid flooded her panties. "SAY IT," I
commanded.
  "I'm here . to get fuck.ed," she gasped.
  I pulled away from her but I kept her head pressed to the
wall. "Geraldine, I'm going to fuck you. Things will get
rough. If you want to stop right now you tell me so and
we'll stop. If you want to stop later you say `juice' or, if
your throat is stuffed full of my cock, you slap me anywhere
three times. Do you understand and consent?"
  "Yes, sir," she said, "and I don't want to stop."
  "Good. Slide your panties all the way down to the floor
and don't let go of your ankles."
  She smoothly bent over and slid her panties off as I
dropped my pants to the ground. I had an erection bigger,
I'm sure, than any she'd ever seen. She looked back
nervously to catch a glimpse. But as she did, I slammed into
her, her shoulders hit the wall and in two seconds, she was
coming. I pulled her hair again, fucked her for twenty
minutes until her knees started to buckle. She had been
coming nonstop.
  I let her knees slide to the floor, but I held her hair
tightly so she had to kneel upright. Her eyes were closed
and she seemed ready to pass out. I slapped her lightly and
turned her around by her hair to face me..
  "Wha.?" she said dazedly.
  "Do you notice something out of place? Open your eyes."
  She opened her eyes slowly to see my erection right
before them. "You have a huge cock," she whispered.
  "What I have, cunt, is an unsatisfied cock."
  She nodded, parted her lips and gently cradled the tip of
my penis between them. She caressed it limply but enticingly
for a minute or so, and then she started to move a couple of
inches back and forth over her tongue, between her lips. She
wasn't bad. I held off.
  She took me out of her mouth for a second, starting doing
that porn-star licking thing and held me at the base of my
penis. I grabbed her hair and forced her to look up at me.
"None of this porn-star shit. Put me back in your mouth."
  She immediately did and I let go of her hair. She moved
down to about three inches and was starting to blow me very
nicely. Before long, my blood started to boil. And so I
stopped holding off.
  I grabbed her head with one hand and pushed my cock. I
felt her gullet slip around me, heard her gag, felt her
throat contract and then keep me in, while I was trying to
pull out. She gagged repeatedly. I had six of my eight
inches past her slack lips. OK depth, bad suction. That, I
needed to correct.
  I pulled her head back and spoke gently. "Keep your lips
and tongue sucking. You're sucking my cock. I'm fucking your
throat but you're still sucking. Understand?"
  She nodded. I resumed fucking her throat. Much better.
  I started going faster and deeper. She put her hand on my
thigh to try to control my movements. I took a deep breath,
a big swing and whacked her forearm away. She yelped around
my cock just as I grabbed her head and held it pressed to my
pubic hair for ten seconds. Tears started running down her
face as she gagged again and again. "Do not put your hand
there. Hum if you understand."
  She hummed.
  I let go and started fucking again. Her nose was hitting
me on every stroke. Her lips were stretched around the base
of my cock and slid tightly up to the head, only to be
rammed back down until she was tasting hair. She reached up
and gently stroked my balls. The come rose. With both hands,
I shoved her down to the hilt and held her there. She
protested verbally and thrashed. I came in her throat. She
swallowed around me, gagged, swallowed again, gushed some
out through her nose. I felt the come shooting through me,
releasing, I felt her throat squeeze me and milk me, I felt
her lips and tongue moving like madness. I held her tight
and kept on coming. I felt every shot stream out of me. I
shivered and my orgasm subsided. I let go. She coughed and
kept my dick in her mouth as it softened. She looked up at
me with wide eyes, seeking approval.
  "You may stop now. You did good," I smiled.
  "Thank you, sir," she said, and smiled.
  I opened up the blanket. "Go lie down."
  She got up and crawled into bed. It was warm in there, I
knew. As she was getting in I petted her cunt with my hand.
She shivered and sighed. And then she was under the covers.
  I went to the kitchen and brought her a glass of milk and
some chocolate chip cookies. She was barely awake, so I
dunked the cookies in milk for her and then fed them to her.
I petted her hair and kissed her forehead. She smiled
happily and closed her eyes.
  
  She had a bruise on her arm the next day where I had
whacked it away. I woke up to the sight of it. Draped over
my chest, her arm was beautiful. She was dead asleep. It was
Saturday morning. I slid out my shoulder out from under her
head, wrapped her warmly in the blanket and made breakfast
for myself. She wouldn't wake up for another three hours.
  When she did wake up, I fixed her a peanut butter and
jelly sandwich and she sat naked on the stool, eating it,
her cunt pressing into the wood. She smiled her thanks
weakly.
  "You were a good sub last night, Geraldine. I enjoyed
you."
  "Thank you, sir," she gasped between huge bites of PBJ.
  "You're very hungry aren't you?"
  "Yes, sir," she eeked out shamefully.
  "How about some more breakfast, then?"
  "All right."
  "All right?"
  "Oops. I meant, all right, sir," she grinned sheepishly.
  I stared at her for a second. Then I spoke in a low,
quiet voice. "Finish your sandwich and then bend over the
counter."
  "Yes, sir," she said, looking down. Her grin was gone.
  I started to make an omelet with ham, onion and bell
peppers. She was eating more slowly, but she was soon done
with her sandwich, about halfway through the omelet's
cooking. She dutifully got up and bent over the table. Her
beautiful naked ass was trembling.
  I finished cooking the omelet. It smelled delicious. I
slipped it onto a cool plate, grabbed a full glass of juice,
and looked at her.
  "Slut."
  "Yes, sir?"
  "Take your hands off the counter. Put them at your
sides."
  She complied.
  I dropped the omelet roughly on the counter, two inches
in front of her nose. "That smells good, doesn't it slut?"
  "Yes, sir. Very good."
  "You're very hungry, aren't you?"
  "Yes, sir."
  "That entire omelet is for you, do you know that?"
  "No, sir. I thought you would eat half."
  "Nope, it's all yours." I thought about commanding her
not to eat the omelet. But I figured it would be a good
test. "Wait here."
  I slipped into my bedroom and picked up a soft bathrobe
and a pillow. And I came back and stood behind her. She
hadn't touched the omelet. Of course. She was a good sub.
  "I am about to give you a slapping. But you will learn
something from this slapping."
  "Yes."
  I slapped her ass with a very light, warning stroke. She
flinched. "During the slapping, you will not speak unless I
specifically tell you to or ask you a direct question. Is
that clear?"
  "Yes, sir."
  I slapped her again. "That was for what you did wrong.
Slut, do you know what you did wrong?"
  "No, sir."
  Crack! "Nobody expects you to be a mind-reader, slut. But
you should have some idea. Any idea?"
  "Perhaps I was not appreciative enough of your offer to
make breakfast, sir."
  "Not bad. You see, you could have avoided a lash just by
speaking up."
  "You're ri."
  Crack! "Know what you did wrong that time?"
  "Yes, sir. I spoke, but you hadn't asked me a question."
  "Excellent." I paused. "You didn't get it completely
right, before. Appreciativeness isn't the entire problem.
You said `all right' as though you were doing me a favor by
letting me make this omelet. Do you agree? Don't lie to me
and tell me you do if you don't."
  "I do agree, sir. I'm sorry for presuming."
  "What should you have said?"
  " `Yes, thank you' ? Um uh. `sir'?"
  "That would be very nice, if it didn't sound like I was a
waiter. Try again, make it just a little different."
  " `Sir, I would love more breakfast. Thank you."
   "Excellent. I'm pleased. That's all. You may stand up
now, and you may speak as before. Oh, and of course, you may
eat your omelet."
  "Thank you, sir. And thank you for disciplining me."
  She stood up. I kissed her lightly on the lips, then
wrapped her in the bathrobe. I welcomed her into my arms and
she sniffled and stayed for a minute. I put the pillow on
the stool and she sat back down. As she ate her omelet, I
rubbed her back. And then, she looked at me happily and
said: "Thank you, sir, for making me this wonderful omelet
all for me."
  "You're welcome. You're not under the whip anymore,
Geraldine. Tell me how you feel. Drop the sir for the
moment."
  "I feel cared for. I feel paid attention to."
  "What's your understanding of why you were presumptuous
earlier?"
  "I wanted power over you."
  "Why?"
  "Because having power makes me feel safe and feeds my
ego."
  "And submitting?"
  "Makes me feel happy to please, and cared for."
  "What about equality?"
  "No, sir. I much prefer submitting. I don't want the
responsibility of loving. Only pleasing."
  "What a beautiful and precise statement. What about being
on top?"
  "I feel insecure and boring. I hate having to control
everything. That is too much responsibility too. I feel
safe, but I can't do it with care, only detachment and
vindictiveness. A good sub deserves love."
  "Do you believe I love you, Geraldine?"
  "No, sir. But I believe you care for me and would not
hurt me."
  "Do you believe you deserve love?"
  "No, sir."
  "Can you think of any reason why someone would love you?"
  "Because I please him."
  "You pleased me, and you feel I don't love you."
  "I haven't pleased you for long enough yet."
  "Do you want love?"
   "No. I want to please, and I want to be paid attention
to, and that is all."
  I chuckled. "Denial." She broke a smile.
  I looked at her robe. It had opened. Her cunt was spread
a little bit. I got up and turned the stool to face me
better. I moved my face close to hers.
  "Do you want to fuck me, sir?" she asked.
  I put her hand on my shorts. She felt my penis growing
through them. She hardened it with her delicate fingertips.
  "Get in bed."
  She jumped into the bed on her back with her legs spread.
She got fucked and well.
  
  




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Throat Stuffer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





