BDSM Library - Rancho Paloma Blanca




Rancho Paloma Blanca
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The adventures of an international slave trader. This segment set in Mexico and Guatemala. Opens with  the capture  of a mother and daughter who are on vacation in the Yucatan Penninsula. Relates their conditioning as slaves and their eventual sale to a wealthy client.
This work is copyrighted (copyright 2004 by Estaban Bacca} Please do not
re-distribute all or any part of this work without obtaining my permission. You
may contact me at estabanbacca@yahoo.com Any comments or criticisms are welcome.
This work is intended solely for the entertainment of persons over the age of 18
years. All persons, places and events described in this work are purely
fictional.



Rancho Paloma Blanca   
   
By Esteban Bacca   
 I had spotted them having lunch on the hotel terrace. She was a youngish
  blond mother with an even blonder teenaged daughter. I was on a hunt and they
  were just what I was looking for. I overheard the waiter address her as Senora
  Benson. All the rooms opened onto the pool area and when they left the table,
  my binoculars followed them as they made their way to room 112. I spent a further
  two days discretely observing them until I was sure that they were indeed in
  theYucatan on vacation and, most importantly, were alone.  
 They were sitting at the same table when I finally made my approach. I wore
  aviator sunglasses and my tabbed tropical uniform shirt with the Mayan Air
  Charter logo prominent above the breast pocket. I sat at a table beside them.
  I am a good looking, well-mannered type and in short order had engaged the
  Mother in casual conversation. She was Rebecca and her daughter's name was
  Erica and yes they were on vacation. No her husband was not with them. She
  had been widowed due to an auto accident, etc, etc.  
 I had set the alarm on my cell phone and when it went off I had a one sided
  conversation by which they learned that two of my passengers for an over flight
  of the Mayan temple at Palenque were canceling out. I loudly explained that
  because of the late notice there could be no refund and hung up. Senora Benson
  volunteered that they were looking forward to touring the ruins before they
  left. In my most offhand manner, I mentioned that since two empty seats for
  the afternoon flight were already paid for they were welcome to fill them and
  take the tour at no charge. The girl, who had seemed bored by our adult small
  talk suddenly came alive. Her enthusiasm for a plane ride soon wore down her
  mother's hesitation. I let them think there would be others passengers along.  
 I finessed the rest of the abduction smoothly and they had slipped into
  blackness shortly after accepting doctored bottles of fruit juice from my cooler.
  I was humming quietly to my self as we crossed south out of Mexican air space
  into Guatemala and headed for the rancho I had named Paloma Blanca.  
 I taxied the Cessna to a standstill in front of the Quonset hut I used for
  a hanger. A glance back at my passengers assured me that they were still completely
  immobilized. I bent them forward from the waist and threw a blanket over them.
  Carlos had heard the plane land and appeared as always to roll open the big
  double doors. Together we rolled the plane inside. I dismissed Carlos, telling
  him I would inspect the rancho tomorrow. He pulled the doors closed and departed
  for the compound where he and the other hired hands lived. Carlos was my foreman
  and a loyal servant. Even had he been aware of my activities he would have
  unquestioningly served my wishes, but a slaver is secretive by nature. I made
  sure that even he had no idea that each time he rolled those doors closed behind
  the Cessna that identities disappeared forever.  
 I unlocked the heavy door to the sound proofed area that made up the rear
  half of the hanger and then went to unload my cargo. I pulled the mother out
  of the plane first and shoulder carried her into her new home. Lowering her
  to the floor I locked lined cuffs with rings onto each of her wrists. These
  were attached to an electric wench overhead and with a quiet whirring noise
  she was soon hoisted onto her tiptoes.  
 Then back out to fetch the slight figure of her daughter. Her I laid face
  down on the padded examination table. Once her wrists and ankles were secured
  I pressed a floor petal and the hinged parts of table fanned out until her
  body was widely spread-eagled. I gathered her long blond hair in a vise clamp
  attached to a line, which was threaded through a suspended pulley. I pulled
  the line until her head was up and hard back, exposing her lovely throat and
  then tied it off to a cleat.  
 I strolled to the head end of the table for my first leisurely look at her
  face. I had to laugh out loud. Even with her mouth hanging open she was attractive.
  She would put Nabokov's Lolita to shame. Her features still had that unformed
  juvenile quality but it was obvious that they would refine themselves into
  a face of stunning beauty. I reached down and removed the small gold studs
  from her cute little ears and flipped them into the trashcan.  
 It was time to unwrap my first present. When the mother regained consciousness
  the first thing I wanted he to see was her young daughter's naked body, stretched
  out, helpless and vulnerable. I removed the tennis shoes and bobby sox she
  was wearing and dropped them into the trashcan too. Her feet were well cared
  for. Dainty and high arched with small, delicious looking toes. Next I took
  a heavy pair of scissors and snipped my way up the back of her white, cotton
  sweater and then down the back of each arm. I tugged it from under her and
  added it to the trash. I cut loose a rather plain white bra and tossed it with
  the rest. Her back was long and smooth. I ran a finger along the valley of
  her spine. Leaning over her, I reached down under the table and found the two
  round openings in the table. I groped up through these and searched out her
  nipples. Locking on each of them with a thumb and forefinger I tugged until
  her apple sized breasts settled into the openings and hung free.  
 I was pleased to note that both mother and daughter were wearing matching
  plaid, ankle length skirts. It was a touching little detail, indicative of
  a close relationship. That should prove quite useful to me during their conditioning.
  My trusty scissors made short work of the daughter's half of the ensemble.
  Her long coltish legs were now revealed. I slowly stroked a hand over a well-muscled
  calf and up the inside of a thigh. I cupped the warmth of her pantied crotch
  and then allowed my splayed hand to squeeze one of the cheeks of her firm,
  rounded rump. I moved around between her widely parted thighs and a couple
  of snips at the sides of her panties completed my work. The remnants of these
  also were also discarded. The brownish pucker of her anus was exposed and I
  prodded it, testing the elasticity of her sphincter. It was tight and tiny.
  Below, crinkly cunt lips were slightly parted with a hint of her slick, pink
  core showing. I curled a finger deeply up into her and twirled it. The hymen
  was intact. A bonus I had hardly dared hope for. I brought a taste of that
  moisture up to my tongue. She was delicious and slightly salty. I trailed the
  tips of my fingers through her sparse bush, fluffing the silky blond curls
  there. Yes, I was thoroughly happy with the younger half of my catch. I gave
  her tight little ass a satisfied slap and turned away.  
 I brought the rest of their belongings from the plane and went through them.
  All of it, purses, clothes, I.D.s, jewelry, along with the contents of my trashcan
  would be burned tomorrow. Their old selves would cease to exist. Rebecca and
  Erica had vanished without a trace. Having the godlike power to do this was
  intoxicating. Almost as addicting as the astounding profit involved.  
 The mother's driver's license told me that she was 34 years old. A birthday
  card told me that her daughter had just turned sixteen. What cash they had
  went into my pocket, the traveler's cheques, camera and other traceable valuables
  I trashed.  
I gleaned what information I could from a few letters and post cards. I entertained
  myself perusing the immature musings contained in the girl's diary.  
 I boxed up the lot and set it aside for the incinerator. Out of curiosity
  I padded over to where the mother hung suspended. Her arms and shoulder joints
  would be killing her when she came around. I wiped a thin rope of drool from
  her chin and pushed it back between her slack lips. I reached up under the
  long, plaid skirt and palmed her pussy through her panties. I felt the springiness
  of an abundant pelt covering her mound. Withdrawing my hand, I reached up under
  her sweater and weighed an ample breast. Her dark blond hair was made up in
  a French twist. I took a handful of it and lifted her head to study her face.
  She had a generous, full lipped mouth, high cheekbones and a nicely shaped
  nose with delicate nostrils. A classic Scandinavian face. With my left hand
  I peeled back an eyelid, a vacant pupil surrounded by a beautiful, Nordic-blue
  iris stared back at me until I let the long lashed lid slide back down. Using
  both hands I shifted my grip to her shell like ears and kissed her. My tongue
  plundered her unconscious mouth, savoring the taste of her saliva. I captured
  her lower lip and bit it lightly then let her head drop forward again and walked
  away, licking my lips.  
 I slipped Mozart's Divertimento in D into the CD player and opened a bottle
  of Monte Xanic and settled into my deep, Italian leather recliner to sip and
  appreciate my new acquisitions while I waited for the drug to wear off.  
(To be continued)  
Copyright 2004 by Estaban Bacca  
 The music had played itself out and I was enjoying my second glass of wine
  when the mother's eyelids began to flutter. Instinctively, her feet came together
  and she pushed up onto her toes in an attempt to relieve the strain on her
  arms and shoulders. With a groan she came fully awake. It was always entertaining
  to watch the expressions that played over their faces, as they became aware
  of their situation.  
 The mere fact of finding oneself bound and defenseless is terrifying in
  and of itself. First her eyes traveled up to where her wrists were suspended.
  She jerked and flopped about in an effort to free herself, but finding that
  this only served to increase the pain, she soon desisted. She let out a little
  sob of frustration as she was forced to pick her weight back up onto her toes.  
 Suddenly her head came up with her eyes wide open. I knew she had just noticed
  her daughter. I watched as she registered the scene that I had so carefully
  arranged for her. There was her little girl, splayed out on her belly, naked
  and bound. Completely helpless, with her beautiful head drawn brutally back
  by her long, golden mane, the whole tableau harshly spotlighted in the otherwise
  dim interior.  
 " Erica? Are you alright, Baby?"  
 In her mind the question was an urgent shout but the drug had left her with
  a case of cottonmouth. It had emerged from her mouth as more of a croak.  
 " I am afraid she is still out of it, Moms. "  
 I spoke from the shadows, where I still lounged in my recliner. New alarm
  showed on her face as her eyes searched toward my voice. She really was quite
  beautiful in her distress. As I sat down my empty wineglass, I thought again
  how grand it was to be the king. I arose and moved into the light to stand
  in front of her daughter's upturned face.  
 " The pilot!" The mother said rather stupidly, as she recognized me.  
I ignored her and reached out, tracing the girl's open lips with my finger.  
 " Don't touch her! " she hissed.  
With the back of my hand I tenderly stroked the unconscious girl's cheek.  
 " Leave my daughter alone, you animal!" she hissed again.  
Abruptly, I gave the girl's left cheek a sharp backhanded slap. The mother
  immediately began spewing obscenities and threats at me. Methodically, I slapped
  the right cheek and then the left again. Slowly picking up the pace, until
  the blond head was rhythmically rocking back and forth with the "SMACK, SMACK,
  SMACK" of my hand. The mother gave up on her threats and began begging me to
  stop. I only desisted when the girl's eyes finally blinked open; having been
  shocked awake by the shaking my slaps had given her poor brain. Gently, I resumed
  stroking her now reddened cheek.  
 Now I watched the same series of dumb expressions pass across the daughter's
  face as she too struggled to understand her predicament. I saw the recognition
  when she looked at me before her eyes moved to the limits of her peripheral
  vision. She was trying to see what was preventing her from moving. She attempted
  the same brief struggles her mother had made. These were followed by an inevitable
  groan of defeat.  
 " Erica? Can you hear me? Are you alright?"  
 "Mom? Where are we? Why is he doing this to us?"  
 " Hush, Baby, its going to be alright." then to me, "You'll never get away
  with this!"  
 Pretending not to hear her, I crossed to a wall rack and lifted from it
  an old fashioned buggy whip. It was an elegant piece of craftsmanship. A thin,
  six foot length of whalebone encased in finely braided leather with a tasseled
  tip. Originally sold by Abercrombie&amp; Fitch, circa 1800s, I had found it
  in an antique shop some years back. It had kissed more than horseflesh since
  then. When I moved back into the light, poor Mom's eyes flew wide with shock
  when she saw what I was brandishing.  
 " You wouldn't dare! She is only a child for God's sake, please don't do
  this!"  
The girl was futilely trying to look back to see what was threatening her,
  panicked by her mother's obvious agitation. Unable to turn her head, she could
  only imagine the worst. As dire as a recognized danger is, the unknown seems
  to conjure up even worse terror.  
 I gave the whip a couple of experimental cuts. The "SWISH" of displacement
  as it curled through the air produced a fresh babble of powerless pleadings
  from Mom. Blithely, I took a wide stance and cocked my arm fully back. I took
  a moment to admire the soft, pink bottoms of the helpless girl's small, well-shaped
  feet.  
 Then with all of my considerable power and a roll of my hips, I slashed
  forward and the very tip of the whip bit savagely into the unsuspecting sole
  of the girl's right foot.  
 "THWACK!"  
 Instantly, it was as if all the demons in hell had been unleashed. Every
  muscle in the poor girl's body tensed as she surged against her restraints.
  The tendons in her throat stood out as the blood-curdling howl of a wounded
  animal was torn from deep in her gut.  
 "OWWWWWWWWWWOGOD!"  
 Simultaneously, the mother began shrieking her head off in empathy with
  her daughter's pain, while tears of helpless frustration flowed from her eyes.  
 Then the girl's body sagged. I watched the slats of her thin ribcage heave
  as she began to sob, raggedly.  
 "Mommeee. Mommee. It hurts so bad,Mommee." She cried repeatedly.  
 From the corner of my eye, I saw her mother's face contorted with hate.
  It was a truly deranged woman who venomously cursed at me,  
 "You fucking bastard!"  
 I calmly stepped back a pace and extended the buggy whip again. Immediately,
  the bitterness in Mom's voice was replaced with a tone of abject terror as
  she pleaded with me for mercy. Unfortunately, I was not quite finished with
  their first object lesson.  
 "If you must torture someone, whip me instead! Please!"  
 I used the tasseled tip of the whip to tickle the sole of my young captive's
  other foot. The moment she felt its touch she tensed again. I saw her toes
  curl tight and her ass clench. Unable to move, she none the less began trembling
  from head to toe as the terror of anticipation seized her. I left off toying
  with her foot and drew back the whip. I was waiting for her muscles to tire
  and relax again before I gave her the second dose.  
 Then above the sound of her sobs and her mother's nagging entreaties I heard
  a liquid sound as she released her bladder. The little bitch had pissed herself
  in fear. I watched the golden fluid stream from her flaxen haired cunt and
  puddle on the tile floor. It slowed to a dribble and then stopped. I was surprised
  to feel my cock swelling. For some reason I found this unlooked for display
  very erotic. I was tempted to fuck her right then but instead I let fly with
  the whip again and another symphony of frenzied wailing filled the air. Using
  the whip, I parodied a conductor waving his baton as I backed away from them
  and retreated once more into the shadows. I poured another glass of wine and
  settled myself comfortably. I would wait until their tears exhausted them before
  continuing their education.  
 I patiently waited till their sobbing finally died away. I listened as they
  whispered words of comfort and encouragement to one another. At last they were
  quiet, with the exception of intermittent whimpers and moans of pain testifying
  to the extreme discomfort of their stretched bodies. It was time to get back
  to work. I had to repress a smile as I saw the anxiety the mere sound of my
  approach now occasioned.  
 During the course of our first session together I had grown thoroughly tired
  of the sound of Mom's voice. I pressed up in front of her and smiled as I looked
  into her eyes. With no warning she hocked up a gob of spit and expelled it
  in my face. Still smiling, I carefully gathered it from my cheek and smeared
  it evenly over her own face. I then slowly unfastened the ankle length skirt
  she was wearing and let it drop around her ankles. Taking a handful of her
  panties I tore them loose from her with a powerful jerk. I then pinched her
  nose until a lack of air forced her mouth open. I returned her gesture by hocking
  an even larger gob of my own saliva into her yawning mouth and then stuffing
  it with her torn panties until her cheeks bulged. I gave her face a couple
  of mocking little pats and left her hanging there while I went to attend to
  the youngster.  
 My teenaged captive's pretty face was tear stained. Her poor eyes were all
  puffy and red from crying. She watched me fearfully and fresh tears started
  streaming silently down her cheeks. With one hand I cradled her chin and with
  the other released the vice clamp from her hair. I gently lowered her head
  and she gave out a long, grateful groan of relief. I had just given her a gift
  of pleasure. After the stick comes the carrot. I would be kind to her now while
  all her little boos boos healed. As I unfastened her wrists and ankles I crooned
  sweetly to her in the tone one uses to sooth a child.  
 "There. There. No more pain for Baby Pussy today. I am going to take care
  of you."  
 I helped her roll onto her back. Her joints were so stiff that she could
  barely move them. I fetched a cold bottle from the fridge. I supported her
  head while she drank thirstily. I had to caution her to drink slowly twice.
  The drink was laced with protein supplements and a mild muscle relaxant. I
  continued to comfort her while the mixture took effect.  
 After a bit I got her off the table and standing, taking care to avoid the
  wet souvenir she had left on the floor. With my arm around her shoulders I
  ushered her past her Mother's worried eyes. Whatever protests the woman was
  making were effectively muffled by her gag. The teenager hobbled along beside
  me on her bruised feet, hugging her arms around herself in a pathetic attempt
  to cover her girlish breasts. As her mother watched helplessly, we disappeared
  through a rear door into yet another area of the Quonset hut.  
 Here in the very rear of the building I had constructed a block of four
  identical cells.  
Set into each wall of the cellblock was the door to one cell. A prisoner
  entering or leaving would have no idea that there were three other cells adjacent
  to their own. The walls were padded and soundproofed similar to the units used
  to lock down violent mental patients. Along a wall in each cell a solid six
  by three foot block with a thin pad covered in naughahyde served as a bunk.
  I had provided a single wool military blanket. The toilets were Japanese style,
  a hole in the floor with two raised surfaces for the feet. There were no windows.
  A sane person spending much time in this ten foot square room could easily
  go mad.  
 Inside one of the units I led the girl to the bunk and helped her stretch
  out. The muscle relaxant had kicked in and she lay there limply, no longer
  making any effort to cover her nudity. I left the cell briefly and returned
  with a pan of hot water, a towel and a soft washcloth. I sat down beside the
  girl and still talking to her in soothing tones, began to bathe her. The effect
  of the combination of her physical and emotional exhaustion coupled with the
  medication I had given her had rendered her totally passive. The feel of the
  warm water and the downy soft cloth soon caused her to drift off to sleep.
  She had momentarily escaped the pain of her new reality.  
 With the towel I patted her dry. As she lay there I studied her again, noticing
  for the first time a sprinkle of faint freckles across the bridge of her nose.
  It was refreshing to see a young girl with no body piercings other than the
  tiny holes in her earlobes. I leaned over and pulled one of those lobes into
  my mouth and lightly chewed on it. I bit down a trifle harder and was rewarded
  with a faint moan from her sleeping lips.  
 I sat up again and after a moment began toying with the girl's nipples,
  flicking them until they became turgid. It amused me to sit here molesting
  the girl in her sleep while the mother hung helpless and fretting nearby.  
 No doubt all sorts of terrible fears were racing through Mom's frantic mind.
  I was counting on it. Giving her imagination time to run wild was the reason
  I was delaying my return to her. While I was thinking about her next ordeal
  my fingers had absently begun dabbling just inside the lips of her daughter's
  cunt. I noticed what I was doing when I felt the young vixen begin to secrete.
  In short order her virgin purse had become quite juicy. Apparently she was
  a sexual little thing by nature. My, my, I thought, the things we discover
  along the way. I decided that it was time to go and break the mare to the bit
  and saddle. Reluctantly, I pulled my fingers from the filly's squishy little
  box and licked her dew from them. Hmm, tasty indeed, I decided.  
 I departed her cell, locking the door behind me. I flicked a switch beside
  the door that activated a microphone and video monitor hidden in the ceiling.
  This quiet little interlude with Baby Pussy had refreshed me. I headed toward
  my last task of the day with a light heart, even practicing a few Salsa steps
  as I went.  
 Needless to say Mom was still hanging around. I lowered the overhead winch
  slightly until she could stand flatfooted again. She couldn't thank me of course
  but a minute sigh of relief escaped her in spite of her mouthful of panties.
  With little difficulty I attached another pair of lined cuffs to her ankles.
  She made a feeble attempt to kick me but she was just too worn down for it
  to be effective. A line from another suspended pulley was made fast to the
  left ankle cuff and soon I was hauling on it and watching her left leg rise.
  When her sneakered foot was about the same height as her head I tied it off.
  Now she was naked from the waste down, with her cunt gaping, and struggling
  to balance on her right leg alone.  
 Satisfied, I went and retrieved the buggy whip. I was thoroughly pleased
  with her wild-eyed look when she saw it in my hand. I placed a folding chair
  in front of her so I could be comfortable while I gave my standard lecture.
  I sat with my elbows on my knees, holding the whip loosely. She eyed the tip
  of it nervously as it bobbed teasingly just below her spread crotch.  
 "Now, you brainless cunt, listen to what I have to tell you. You have been
  very noisy and abusive ever since you woke up and found yourself hanging here.
  Your noise making days are over."  
I punctuated my words with a tap from the whip to her open pussy causing
  her to hop on her one leg.  
 " From now on you will speak only when spoken to. My name is Sir. That will
  be the last word of every utterance I allow you to make. Nod that you understand!"  
A slightly sharper tap with the whip and she nodded frantically.  
 "When you spit in my face, it showed great spirit. I appreciate spirit in
  a person. You are no longer a person though. You are a slave. Slaves may not
  have spirit. Nod that you understand."  
Again even harder with the whip between the lips of her pussy and she once
  more nodded violently. I decided she understood about speaking with out permission
  so I went her and pulled the damp panties from her mouth and threw them in
  the trashcan.  
 " Rebecca and Erica have ceased to exist. Once you have both been properly
  trained you will be delivered to your owner and Mistress. If she wishes you
  to have a name she will give you one. Until then you will answer to Cowcunt
  and your daughter will be referred to as Baby Pussy. Nod that you understand."  
I got an immediate nod but I snapped the whip up between her legs anyway.
  The meat between her labial lips had gone from pink to bright red.  
 " Beyond the rule of silence there is only one other rule. It is that you
  shall instantly obey any order given you. If I tell you to bark like a fucking
  dog, you will bark until you are told to stop. What ever I tell you to do you
  will do immediately and without question. Tell me that you understand the two
  lousy rules, Cowcunt!"  
Naturally, she just began to busily nod in the affirmative. I leaped up and
  flung the chair across the room.  
 " WHY ARE YOU FUCKING NODDING, COWCUNT?" I screamed in her ear.  
I took the whip and beat a tattoo on her exposed cuntmeat. She screamed madly
  as she hopped crazily about in a vain effort to escape my busy whip.  
 " I SAID TELL ME YOU UNDERSTAND. I DIDN"T SAY NOD, YOU BRAINLESS COWCUNT!"  
 "I UNDERSTAND! I UNDERSTAND THE TWO RULES!" she yelled.  
Again I laid it on with the whip, fast and furious. She screamed so hard
  that her vocal chords gave way. In her ridiculous attempts to dodge the whip
  she lost her balance and her one leg collapsed. Finally she hung there like
  a gutted chicken. Drool poured from her slack mouth and all she could do was
  whine weakly. Whatever spirit she'd had was well and truly broken. All that
  remained for me to do was to strip her of what little self-esteem she had left.
  Once the last shreds of her dignity went into the trashcan with the rest of
  her shit, I could begin to re-invent her. I went to her and lifted her head
  by the sad remains of her French twist. I waited for her gaze to finally focus
  and calmly corrected her,  
 "That should have been ' I understand the two rules, Sir'.&quot;  
It took a moment for her to gather her wits, but eventually she managed to
  choke it out,  
 " I understand the two rules, Sir." She gasped, weakly.  
 "That's a good Cowcunt." I praised her, as I stroked her sweat-damp hair.  
 With my knife I sliced the two strings supporting my broken, little puppet
  and she collapsed in a heap. I decided to let her lay there for bit until her
  circulation was restored.  
I felt the need to celebrate with some more music. Soon the sound of violins
  filled the room. I had chosen a concerto by Tchaikovsky as a suitable accompaniment
  for the day's finale. I felt she'd had enough of a rest. I prodded her with
  the toe of my boot.  
 " Come on Cowcunt! Up with your lazy ass! Come on, up on your hands and
  knees."  
Painfully, she obeyed me. I could see that every movement was excruciating
  to her aching shoulder joints. I noticed with great glee that she kept her
  knees well apart in an effort to alleviate the pain in her tenderized pussy.  
 " Now, Cowcunt, I want you to crawl over there to that trashcan. When you
  get there, I want you to strip off everything you are still wearing and throw
  all of it away."  
 With her head lowered she began to crawl. A slight wave of the whip sent
  her scurrying across the tiles at a far more entertaining pace. Her sweater,
  bra and her socks and sneakers were soon discarded. As I was inspecting her
  nakedness, I noticed the glint of a ring on her finger. The ring her dead husband
  had given her. I made her throw that away as well and watched her weep as she
  did it.  
 " Okay, Cowcunt, crawl over to that mess your daughter made on my floor
  and clean it up."  
I followed behind her, enjoying the view of her waving ass as she crawled
  across the floor. When she reached the puddle of her daughter's piss, she looked
  back at me inquiringly.  
 "What are you waiting for?" I asked her.  
 "What shall I use to clean it up with, Sir?"  
 " Use your fat cow tongue, you dumb twat." I ordered her.  
 For the briefest instant I saw her consider refusing. Then she saw me still
  toying with the handle of my whip. Her shoulders sank in defeat and she slowly
  lowered her mouth to the puddle. I watched entranced as her tongue emerged
  and she began to lap the urine from the floor. Several times she started to
  gag but her stomach seemed to settle and soon she was able to proceed without
  retching.  
 The sound of her slurping up all that piss turned me on. Over the course
  of my time with these two I had developed a considerable amount of sexual tension.
  I determined that I was due some release. I pulled my cock from my trousers
  and fell to my knees behind her. I seized her by the hips and sank myself in
  her to the hilt. My sudden thrust into her tender, bruised cunt caused her
  to go berserk. As she squealed and bucked beneath me I almost came uncunted.
  I grabbed a fresh handful of her ass with my left hand and hung on while with
  my right I began wailing the other cheek for all I was worth, the whole while
  sawing in and out of her with abandon.  
 When I felt her quit fighting me, I let go of her ass and pushed her face
  back down into the piss.  
 " Keep lapping, you filthy cow!" I commanded.  
 With a shudder, she resumed lapping up the puddle and at the same time began
  to rock her ass back into me. She was totally degraded now. On her knees before
  me with her cunt full of cock and her mouth full of piss. I owned her completely
  now.  
 I slowed my rhythm to match the swaying strains of the violins and had a
  lovely, leisurely fuck and eventually came inside her hot tunnel with great
  gusto. I arose at last to survey her after the fact. Her tongue was still working
  tiredly at the tiles.  
 "Enough. You may stop now. Unless of course you are still thirsty?"  
 She pulled her tongue back into her mouth and averted her eyes. I took up
  the whip and poked and prodded her until I had her in a pleasing position.
  I made her kneel forward with her forearms flat and her cheek pressed against
  the still slimy tiles. I made her arch her back and raise her ass for me, while
  keeping her knees wide. As I final touch I holstered the handle of the buggy
  whip in her rectum. I left her kneeling there, with my cum dribbling down her
  inner thighs and her face soaked in her daughters piss.  
 I felt fairly knackered, what with all my strenuous endeavors, so I settled
  back into the comfort of my recliner for a well earned rest. I sipped some
  more of my favorite wine while the violins played on and the buggy whip waved
  slightly with her breathing.  
(To be continued)  
 I must have dozed off without intending to. A glance at my Tag Huer told
  me that I had been peacefully napping for a full hour. Even more surprising
  and just as satisfying was the fact that my new trainee had not moved an inch.  
 " Is Cowcunt tired?" I inquired.  
 " Yes. Very tired, Sir."  
 " WHO is very tired?" I inquired a second time.  
 "Cowcunt is very tired, Sir." She meekly amended.  
 She got that point quickly. Perhaps she was not as stupid as I had feared.
  I prodded her up onto all fours with the toe of my boot. I kicked the remains
  of her skirt across to her along with a spray bottle of Fantastic and made
  her finish wiping up the floor.  
 When she completed that chore I had her crawl ahead of me back to the cellblock
  and had to laugh as the whip swayed ludicrously from its new home in her nether
  hole. I pushed the doors open ahead of her until she finally scuttled into
  her cell. I had decided to let her sleep in her stink as a further object lesson.
  Tomorrow she could be taken outside and hosed off. There would be no sponge
  bath for Cowcunt. Then, just as I was congratulating myself on her progress,
  she disappointed me.  
 " What have you done with Erica, Sir?"  
 "Do you have a learning disability, Cowcunt?"  
 I snatched the whip out of her asshole with a snarl and raised it. She immediately
  shrank down, cowering abjectly. Sincerely miserable over her thoughtless slip
  of the tongue. Her pitiful quivering softened my intent and I lowered the whip.  
 "Now for the last time &hellip;There is no longer any Erica. Tell me that
  you completely understand this."  
 "Cowcunt understands, Sir. May Cowhunt ask just one question, Sir?"  
 "Yes." I sighed, " One question."  
 "Will Cowcunt ever see Baby Pussy again?"  
 I pretended to ponder this. I twirled the whip like a baton, reversing my
  grip on it. I extended it handle first and raised her chin with it till her
  eyes met mine. I smiled down at her.  
 " I have not decided yet. It will probably depend on Cowcunt's behavior.
  Now be a smart Cowcunt and open your pretty mouth wide and stick out your talented,
  pink tongue."  
 Her eyes watered up at this further humiliation but she did it. With a smile
  I pushed the soiled handle past her parted lips.  
 "Now look at me while you suck it clean."  
 She closed her mouth over it and started sucking it with her eyes locked
  on mine. As soon as it began to glisten with her saliva I moved it in and out.
  Slowly fucking her face with it. I pushed it slightly deeper with each thrust
  until it began to force her throat and triggered her gag reflex.  
 "If Cowcunt ever wants to see Baby Pussy again she'll learn to do this.
  Now relax your throat and breath through you nose."  
 It took her only ten minutes to master it. In the end the handle was well
  down her gullet and I twirled it for a full minute while I smiled into those
  Nordic blue eyes. I was impressed. I slid it out at last and scratched her
  behind the ears as one does a clever pet.  
 " Crawl up on that bunk and sleep now. You'll have another full day tomorrow."  
 I left then, locking her in and setting the surveillance system. I secured
  the main entrance to the hanger and moved quickly toward the Hacienda. The
  monitors were concealed in the master bedroom there where I could check on
  them at my convenience.  
 But first things first, I had a date for this evening with a gorgeous senorita.
  I would have to hustle in order to shower and dress for dinner. She had assured
  me that she was as talented en la cocina as she was in the bedroom. I hoped
  she would make good on her promise to dosh up my favorite dish, camarones o
  langostinos. The hard days work behind me had left me famished.  
(To be continued)  
 The French doors onto the balcony had been left open through the mild summer
  night. A morning breeze carrying the mixed scents of bougainvillea and frangipani
  wafted in and brought me up out of the musk of my huge bed. Beside me the naked,
  black-haired beauty still slumbered. I touched a pair of inconspicuous switches
  and a split screen image of the two occupied cells flickered onto a large plasma
  screen in the wall. They were both awake. Cowcunt was making slow inspection
  of her cell. Obviously some faint hope of escape still remained in her head.
  I sighed, seeing that she would require remedial programming before she would
  be fully trainable. Baby Pussy on the other hand was merely curled in a fetal
  position staring at her cell door. Seeing nothing requiring my immediate attention
  I shut off the TV. I slid my feet into a pair of huraches, donned a thick terry
  robe and went out onto the balcony for some deep breathing.  
 For the most part the coastal plains and lowland jungles of Guatemala are
  hot, humid, bug-infested hells. I had chosen the highlands of the Sierra de
  los Cuchumatanes for a much pleasanter climate. Rancho Paloma Blanca was nestled
  in a mountain defile outside the picturesque little city of Huehuetenango.
  I had found this remote and beautiful geographic non-entity to be the perfect
  redoubt from which to launch my endeavors. A discriminate distribution of U.S.
  dollars had assured me not only immunity from inquiry but had also gained me
  a social entr&eacute;e to the local elite. As an economic necessity almost
  all of the landed gentry were involved in agricultural pursuits of a questionable
  nature. There were large poppy crops in the area for instance. Guatemala was
  well known as a primary staging area for the U.S. bound drug traffic through
  Mexico.  
 The woman in my bed, Amparo de Recalde, was the daughter of one of these
  Hacendados. Ordinarily, any indiscretion with a female from one of these families
  would have constituted a grave insult. Her two bloodthirsty brothers could
  easily have trussed me up and presented me to the father for castration. Amparo,
  however, was even wilder than her brothers were. She had the males in her family
  wrapped tightly around her little finger and anything she wanted they gave
  her. If the gringo at Paloma Blanca made her happy, then so be it.  
 It may have been my initial feigned indifference that drew her to me. Last
  night I had watched a woman, who had been catered to by servants her entire
  life, wait on me as if she were a lowly peasant. She had padded, barefoot,
  about my kitchen cooking and had then hand fed me the delicious results of
  her efforts. It was obvious that despite her wildness and a streak of cruelty
  I had occasionally observed she craved a figure of authority. I'd begun to
  wonder if this woman might not be the perfect mate. I wondered if she might
  even prove able to take over the training program. Such a development would
  free up an enormous amount of my time. I filed the thought away for further
  consideration.  
 I strolled back to the bed and gazed down at Amparo as she slept. She had
  thrown aside the sheet and rolled onto her back with arms and legs asprawl.
  Her lips hinted at a smile. Her creamy complexion had the olive tint of Spanish
  blood as opposed to the brown of the local Ladinos. There was a long lean look
  to her in spite of a fullness of breast and thigh. Her tan nipples had awakened
  ahead of her in response to the slight breeze. In the European fashion she
  retained the tufts of hair at her underarms and a luxuriant pelt of crotch
  hair. It was the same jet black as her mane and of the same silken texture.
  It spread up from her mons to just below the rounded hipbones and a fine trail
  of it climbed to the deep navel of a flat belly. A splendid creature, even
  in sleep. Awake, she often put me in mind of a spirited Andalusian mare I had
  once owned. I reached down and playfully tweaked her nipples.  
 " Mirada, el sonolienta se levanta!  
 " Ahhh si, mi hombre querido." she sleepily replied.  
I leaned down and burrowed my nose in her sex. I inhaled the leftover aroma
  of our stale spendings. It was at once faintly disgusting and strangely arousing.
  Once I had her giggling, I arose and tossed a matching white terry robe at
  her.  
 " Come on! Up you lazy putana. I am having the houseboy bring food. I'll
  be on the  
balcony."  
 We breakfasted on melons and plantains. Enjoying the mountain vista in silence.
  It was a tireless feast for the eyes. As much as I would have enjoyed a lazy
  day with her, I knew there was work to be done. She pouted so prettily when
  told her I must send her packing for the day that I agreed to take her out
  dancing that evening. I thought again that it would be much more convenient
  if she were complicit in my activities. This juggling of our time together
  was bound to become tiresome. Perhaps I would arrange a little test of her
  proclivities in this area. I waited until I heard the roar of her BMW leaving
  and then sent for Carlos.  
 Soon we were bouncing our way around the rancho in the Land Rover. The stock
  all looked sleek and well cared for as opposed to the scrawny, tick-laden beasts
  that wandered much of the countryside. The barn was layered with fresh shavings
  and my two prize bulls glistened in their stalls. All was in order in the stables
  as well. The tack was polished and buffed and my Brogini riding boots stood
  shining with a high gloss. I was well satisfied with my tour and complimented
  Carlos.  
 "Pozo hecho muy estoy satisfecho."  
 "Gracias, Jefe."  
 I had him line the men up in the compound so I could hand them their wages
  personally. It reinforced their fealty to me as 'El Patron'. I paid them in
  cash with quetzals. Each in turn thanked me obsequiously for money he had sweated
  for anyway and backed away. It was so feudal! I loved it. I had long felt that
  I had been born into the wrong century. As a final gesture of munificence,
  I had Carlos pull out a case of El Presidente brandy. They had earned a party.  
 "Las bebidas estan mi! Usted ha Ganado un partido!" I shouted.  
 They gave me the three cheers for the boss routine and by the time we drove
  out they had broken out the guitars. I could not help but laugh; they were
  such children. I had Carlos drop me at the hanger and then ordered him to get
  back to the party before his share of the brandy disappeared. He gave me a
  tobacco stained grin and parted his shirt to reveal a bottle he had already
  commandeered.  
 I went to Baby Pussy's cell first and I found her sitting up now. She watched
  me warily as walked over and sat beside her. She cringed but remained silent
  as I ran my hand possessively down her bare back.  
 "How are your little tootsies today, Baby Pussy?"  
 "My name is Erica." She replied sulkily.  
 "Not any more. I didn't like that name. From now on you are Baby Pussy."  
 "I am not. Where is my mother?"  
Instead of answering I reached out and took hold of her ankle and twisted
  her around to where I could run my finger along the arch of her foot. I made
  a little clucking sound of disappointment.  
 " Baby Pussy has a very short memory. I guess these will need another taste
  of the whip, won't they?"  
 "No! Please! I'm sorry. Really, you can call me that if you want."  
 "That is much better, Baby Pussy. Now sit back up for me. Closer&hellip; so
  I can put my arm around you."  
I reached over her shoulder and captured her right nipple. I could feel the
  tension radiating from her. I patiently explained the two rules she had to
  follow. I assured her that the amount of pain in store for her was hers to
  regulate. I informed her that her mother's new name was Cowcunt and I vividly
  described her ordeal of the previous day. I told that her mother was very stupid
  and had invited all that pain with her disobedience.  
 "Now, Baby Pussy&hellip;.are you going to remember the two rules?"  
 "Yes." She whispered.  
I mashed her nipple viciously and she squealed in agony.  
 "Yes Sir." I corrected her.  
 "Yes Sir." She sobbed back at me.  
 "What's your name now?"  
 "Baby Pussy, Sir."  
I released her nipple and stood up. I dropped one of the self- locking collars
  I had brought with me into her lap.  
 "Put this around your neck and close it. Good. Now we are going for a little
  walk. At least I will be walking but I want you to crawl on your hands and
  knees. That's a good Baby Pussy. Now just follow me."  
 I led her back out to the classroom, as I liked to think of it. I had her
  lay on her back and then stooped and attached a pair of ankle cuffs and a spreader
  bar with a centered eyebolt. She was about to be startled and I was not in
  the mood for any noise so I added a ball gag. I clipped the moused hook from
  the hoist to the eyebolt. I picked up the gameboy and a wide-eyed Baby Pussy
  slowly rose until her long blond hair just cleared the floor.  
 As she slowly twisted before me I appraised the spectacle I had created
  for Cowcunt's benefit with a critical eye. Something was missing. I decided
  that a touch of the absurd was what was lacking. I went to the fridge and pondered
  what was available. There was a bottle of ketchup. A curled hunk of Chorizo.
  No, both were too extreme. I finally settled on a lovely looking banana and
  bottle of olive oil.  
 "Now, Baby Pussy, if you will just try and relax your little rectum this
  will be relatively painless."  
 I poured a generous dollop of oil into the crack of her ass and pushed some
  into her anus. As I prodded her virgin asshole it became apparent that she
  was not heeding my advice. Her clenched sphincter was as taut as a snapring.
  I gave the banana a liberal coating of oil and slowly but surely forced it
  into her to the accompaniment her muffled groans and some upside down twitching.
  I left a good length of bright yellow provocatively protruding. It was quite
  ornamental! As final, enlivening touch I added a pair of nipple clamps hung
  with merry sounding little bells.  
 I took down the buggy whip. It was time to fetch Cowcunt. Upon unlocking
  her door I found her sitting in a corner on the floor with her head in her
  hands. Apparently her careful inspection of the cell had dampened whatever
  glimmer of hope she had held on to.  
 "Good morning, Cowcunt!" I called out cheerily.  
A beaten look of resignation was all I received in return. I was sure her
  responses would be more enthusiastic by day's end.  
 " My God, something stinks in here!" I exclaimed, "Is it you, you filthy,
  female beast?"  
 "Yes Sir. It must be me, Sir," she miserably agreed, taking her cue.  
 "Then we had best find a hose post-haste and give our nostrils some relief"  
 I tossed the other collar at her and let her fasten it around her neck.
  Using the whip to tickle her along, I herded her on all fours to the classroom.
  As intended, her daughter's upside down face greeted her. I allowed her arrested
  progress. Almost reluctantly, her eyes traveled up over the engorged nipples
  with their dangling bells, the distended rib cage and the hollowed tummy until
  they came to rest on the blond pubic curls. I jiggled one of her little breast
  apples with the tip of my whip and was rewarded with a cute ting-a-ling-ling.
  Cowcunt's big blue eyes began to tear up. Like a proud ringmaster I prodded
  a foot and her body gently revolved until the gaudy decoration lodged in her
  little girl's anus was revealed. Casually I plucked the banana from its nest
  and meticulously peeled it. I let her watch me eat it and then with the peel
  draped over my finger, I stuffed it partially back from whence it came.  
 "What do you think of my new invention, Cowcunt? It is a combination fruit
  bowl cum garbage can. No puns intended." I laughed.  
 "You despicable son of a bitch!" She blurted.  
She regretted it. I could see her trying to suck the echo of her words back
  out of the air&hellip;but it was too late. I gave her ass a flurry and when
  she reached back to protect it, I lit into her tits. When she allocated one
  arm to shelter each of those, I belabored the inside of her thighs. While the
  daughter was forced to watch helplessly, I reduced her mother to a quivering
  thing at my feet.  
(To be continued)  
I dropped down, Indian fashion, beside the shaking woman and began to tenderly
  pat her back, which was about the only portion of her that I had not welted.
  With small pressures I coaxed her head into my lap. There are so many ways
  in which a person may cry. There are tears of anger or frustration and tears
  of grief or sorrow. Sometimes people even weep with joy. As I stroked her and
  made soothing sounds, this woman's sobs of pain and humiliation underwent a
  transformation. She began to cry for simple comfort. It was, I felt, a turning
  point in our relationship. Out of desperation she was now seeking comfort from
  me, the source of all her anguish.  
Always prepared to extemporize, I decided that some bonding was in order
  to reinforce this new development. Still gentling her along, I got her on her
  feet. The crying had diminished to those little hicuppy sounds women make.
  I blindfolded her and patiently positioned her, standing with her legs spread
  and her hands clasped behind her head.  
 "Stay." I whispered.  
I rang up to the hacienda and ordered the houseboy to get himself and the
  gardener down to the party at the compound. I told them both to take the following
  day off also, as I did not wish to be disturbed.  
I blindfolded Baby Pussy as well and then, holding her head up by the hair
  so she wouldn't crack her skull, I lowered her to the floor. I removed the
  spreader bar and ball gag and stood her up behind Cowcunt and placed her hands
  on her mother's shoulders. I opened the door into the hanger area and then
  rolled open one of the outer doors. As I moved about I watched their heads
  shifting their little ears about as they tested each sound for danger. Then
  there was silence while I waited for the servants to get well clear of the
  grounds. I let them stand there and puzzle awhile. They gave up on their ears
  and began to search the air with their nostrils. They wanted desperately to
  whisper to one another. I saw each of them part their lips briefly as the temptation
  toyed with them but surprisingly they each backed away from the risk.  
 "Walk forward."  
They jerked at my voice and then began to cautiously move ahead. Naturally,
  Cowcunt let go of the nape of her neck to reach out in front of her. I gave
  her belly a light snap with the whip.  
 "Hands behind your head. I'll be your eyes."  
I directed them left and right, hither and thither and tickled the cleft
  of their bums until their steps finally found some unison of movement. Cowcunt
  finally accepted the fact that I had no intention of walking her nose first
  into a wall and soon our little procession was making splendid progress. This
  was a good first step toward the transition from fear to trust.  
Once inside the hacienda they even managed the stairs without coming to grief.
  I stopped them inside the Master bedroom and stood them in opposite corners
  in the present position and hurried to run a bath. Cowcunt had in all truth
  become quite ripe in the course of her travails and my haste was out of consideration
  for my olfactory senses.  
I had intended to give her a cold water treatment. An inside and out visit
  from a common garden hose can be quite humbling. However, as she had prematurely
  shown the first symptoms of the Stockholm syndrome, I had decided that some
  TLC would be more efficacious. The hose would be saved for a later date and
  this little taste of luxury would give the bitch a frame of reference should
  she indulge in another show of obstinacy. I ran the large raised tub full to
  exactly 104 degrees and even added an application of Moroccan Rose Otto oil
  as a final touch of extravagance.  
I flipped on the stereo system and the soft lyrics from Natalie Cole's 'Snowfall
  on the Sahara' filled the air.  
 " When the snow falls on the Sahara and the sun freezes over  
 When the Mojave red turns into blue  
 When the music's no longer playing and the faithless start praying  
 I'll stop loving you."  
I led her, still blindfolded, into the spacious bathroom and solicitously
  helped her into the tub. As soon as she felt the water's warm caress as opposed
  to some further villainy on my part, she dissolved in relief. I sat on the
  Carerra steps that surrounded the tub and removed her blindfold. I opened a
  bottle of Alchemy and began to caringly work some into her hair. I combined
  a sensuous scalp massage with the shampooing and soon she had her eyes closed.
  She had surrendered her poor abused body to the healing heat. I rinsed her
  hair and then brought the tub back up to temperature.  
 "Relax and soak." I whispered in her ear.  
I left her and returned to the bedroom. While I had been washing her hair
  it had occurred to me that something would have to be done about Baby Pussy's
  excessively long golden tresses. The girl's hair would simply be too much trouble
  to maintain under the regimen I had planned for her. I decided to cut it all
  off and to make a spectacle of the event that would further illustrate that
  their bodies existed only to satisfy the whims and caprices of their betters.  
I uncovered the girl's eyes and put a finger to her lips to order her silence.
  I led her by a nipple quietly into the bathroom and stood her facing the mirrored
  wall behind the carved sinks. I wet my shaving brush and stirred some lather
  from my Aramis mug. I lathered up her eyebrows, both of which lifted comically
  in panic when she saw me pick up my razor. I made short work of those two little
  vanities. A glance in the mirror showed Cowcunt was still unaware of us. Baby
  Pussy was blinking at her browless reflection, while her mother, with eyes
  closed, drifted in the warm water and soft music.  
Baby pussy's eyes followed my every movement as I picked up a pair of scissors
  and gathered her blond mane into a full ponytail. It took a bit of clipping
  to separate it from her head but I persevered. At last I held it aloft as a
  warrior would a fresh scalp. I saw her lower lip start trembling. Sure enough
  she began to blubber. The little crybaby's snuffling brought Mom out of her
  trance and now two sets of eyes were worriedly following me. I let the mop
  of hair fall to the floor and continued snipping until her head resembled a
  shorn patch of hayfield. It was a drawn out process, but with a beard trimmer,
  some more lather and my razor I finally had her dome as smooth as an egg. Between
  the pair of them the supply of tears seemed inexhaustible. They were still
  weeping in concert when I took her by her shaking shoulders and put her in
  the tub with her mother. I tossed a cake of herbal soap and a pair of bath
  sponges in with them.  
 " Now, now. I want you to stop all the caterwauling. Look on the bright
  side, I am allowing you to spend some quality time together. Of course, there
  will be no talking but you may communicate by touch. Bathe one another&hellip; and
  do a thorough job as there will be an inspection." I laughed.  
Leaving them there, I went back into the bedroom. I exchanged my hair-flecked
  shirt for a fresh guayabera made of cream colored Irish linen. At the wet bar
  I poured myself a generous snifter of Remy Martin. I kept one ear cocked through
  the music but could detect no whispers from the open door to the bathroom.
  I decided that I was indeed making progress. At this rate I might be able to
  advance my delivery date.  
When rejoined my charges, I sat on the commode and watched them while I sipped
  my cognac. They tried hard to block out my presence. Their eyes were locked
  together in silent empathy as they ran the soapy sponges over each over. Even
  to my cynical eye it was a touching scene. I was tempted to linger over it
  but time was my master as surely as I was theirs. I gathered up the shaving
  gear and sat it alongside the tub and then resumed my seat.  
 " Okay, okay. Clean enough. Baby Pussy, climb up and sit on the edge of
  the tub facing me."  
She complied and sat up there, dripping and hugging herself modestly with
  her little bald face averted. All that freshly scrubbed youth and innocence
  was fetching to behold.  
 "Very good. Now brace your arms behind you and lean back."  
 "That's it."  
 "I want you to be a good girl and spread your legs as wide as you can."  
 "No, no, much wider.  
 "Excellent!"  
 "Now stay just like that."  
What a charming display she made with her long coltish legs splayed and her
  virgin cunt presented. When the time came it would pain me to part with such
  a lovely creature. I was sure that artists must feel the same regret when they
  are forced to ship their favorite creations off to the gallery. Mom had grown
  apprehensive of my intentions during all this. It was time for her to play
  her part in the festivities.  
 " Cowcunt, Take the razor and give Baby Pussy a baby's pussy. When you are
  finished I don't want to find even the trace of a hair between her legs."  
 There was a brief hesitation. Not a refusal, more like a sort of confusion
  and when she began I could see by her initial clumsiness that she had never
  used a razor on another person. She soon became more confident though. From
  my seat I directed the action, positioning the girl this way and that until
  at last she was bent over holding her heart shaped ass open while her mother
  tenderly shaved the almost invisible wisps around her anus.  
 I got up and inspected the result more closely, exploring the smoothness
  between the girl's legs with my hand. I was satisfied and allowed her to let
  go of her cheeks. It occurred to me that while we were at it they might as
  well shave their legs. I handed the girl a second razor and soon they were
  bending and scraping together. As I sat back again with my cognac I mused over
  what hairy things women really were beneath all their carefully contrived feminine
  smoothness. Perhaps that was why I was so enamoured of Amparo's natural look
  and attitude. Not only did she glory in her body hair but I had never noticed
  her using any makeup. With her perfect complexion and fine features it would
  have been superfluous in any case. I noticed that by silent agreement the two
  of them had begun a little delaying tactic. They were pretending to shave portions
  of their legs, which had already been done.  
 "Put down the razors and quit insulting my intelligence. Both of you &hellip;crawl
  over here."  
I put aside the snifter and stood. I slipped my feet from my sandals, dropped
  my trousers and stepped out of them. I wore no shorts so my stiff cock stood
  free. They reached me on hands and knees with their heads bowed. I sat back
  down on the toilet and spread my legs out straight till each of them were looking
  down at a foot.  
 "Down on your forearms with your asses up"  
 "Now open your mouths nice and wide and hang your little tongues out."  
I slid my feet forward until each of my big toes had invaded a mouth.  
 "Suck."  
As their moist warmth closed on my toes I slowly pulled on my cock. They
  were tentative at first but after a bit their saliva glands kicked in and they
  unconsciously began to suck in unison. It was most pleasant, looking down on
  the curves of their prostrate backs, while I stroked myself to the rhythmic
  pulling of two wet mouths. The urge to come was not long in arriving. I pulled
  out of Baby Pussy's mouth and used my foot to raise her face. When I beckoned
  her forward, I felt Mom's mouth slacken.  
 "Did anyone tell you to stop, Cowcunt?"  
The sucking on my right toe immediately resumed. I leaned forward and took
  the girl by her ears. I guided her mouth up to my cock.  
 "Come on, Baby Pussy, you know what to do. Just pretend it's a longer toe." I
  coaxed.  
Her soft lips parted and I pulled her face down over my meat. I began to
  caress her smooth skull while at the same time stroking the little soft spot
  behind her ears. Before long she started sucking again. I urged her to a faster
  pace. The sight of that little baldhead bobbing up and down coupled with the
  sound of her slurping had me biting my lip. Her hot drool leaked down over
  my balls and they began to swell. When I could stand no more, I let the pleasure
  wave crest over me. It was a long, exquisite ejaculation and I sent spurt after
  spurt into her. With my eyes closed I held her still while my cock slowly shrank
  between her lips. With my right hand I gently massaged her throat until I felt
  her begin to swallow. Through it all the wet suction at my toe had never faltered.
  No sultan had ever enjoyed a more splendid moment  
My mood following an orgasm varies according to its intensity. A great cum
  such as I had just given myself always left me with a lazy afterglow. I was
  tempted to extract some further leisurely pleasure but as the old saying goes
  I had cats to kill and contracts to fill. With a sigh I jumped up and shooed
  my two crawlers out ahead of me. I parked them on the floor at the foot of
  the bed with their rumps raised while I donned a fresh pair of pants and slipped
  on my Gucci mocassins.  
 "Your little girl is going to make a very talented cocksucker, Cowcunt." I
  said over my shoulder as I freshened up with a splash of cologne  
 " Did our little threesome arouse you?" I asked.  
 "No&hellip;. Sir"she answered hesitantly.  
 " No? How about you Baby Pussy? Did your cunny get damp?"  
 "No Sir."  
 "You wouldn't tell me a fib would you?"  
 "No sir."  
 I strolled over and sat on the bed in the middle of them and, with a hand
  for each, tapped the inside of their thighs apart. I cupped their cunts and
  sent an inquiring finger up inside of them. They were both slick and wet. Mom
  was particularly humid down there. The more I wiggled my fingers the wetter
  they got. I leaned down between the pair of them and placed my fingers under
  their noses then whispered theatrically,  
 " Fee&hellip; fie&hellip; foe&hellip; fum, I think some one wants to cum!
  These fingers are very fishy. I can't be wandering around with fishy fingers.
  Lick them clean, you naughty little liars."  
I was barely able to keep a straight face as they began worriedly lapping
  their juices from my fingers whilst I played with their tongues. Tiring of
  my little game, I stood up.  
 "I should whip the lying hide off the pair of you. Fortunately for you though,
  I am in a good mood. I don't really feel like getting all sweaty at the moment,
  so I'm going to forgive your deceitful little asses their just desserts this
  time&hellip;..provided you promise never to lie to me again."  
They were both silent. I sense that they were ashamed. Whether of their dishonesty
  or of their leaking cunts, I couldn't tell.  
"WELL?" I persisted.  
"We promise, Sir." Cowcunt answered placatingly.  
Her responses were becoming increasingly facile. She had obviously determined
  to tell me whatever she thought I wanted to hear. This was, as far as it went,
  what I was after but mere lip service would never do. When a gulf exists between
  saying and believing it becomes a yawning maw that invariably swallows truth.
  True believers were what I was after. Sincere and religious converts to the
  cult of giving made the only slaves worth owning.  
"You are no longer in control of your daughter, Cowcunt. Don't presume to
  make promises on her behalf."  
"I promise too, Sir." Baby pusssy chimed in.  
"Cross your heart and hope to die?"  
"Cross my heart and hope to die, Sir."  
" Then we will say no more about it. I think you have both earned a small
  concession."  
Their enforced nudity had served a purpose in their conditioning but I had
  no intention of allowing their pretty hides to be spoiled by over exposure.
  From the closet I tossed them each a set of extra large, olive drab coveralls
  and a pair of Men's flip-flops. By the time they had put them on and looked
  at each other, their pleasure had dampened. Their costumes hung ridiculously
  from their slender frames. I had them roll up the legs and cuffs but the effect
  was still Chaplinesque as, of course, I had intended. I replaced their blindfolds
  and got them into marching order.  
The clown outfits hampered things considerably and the walk back to the hanger
  was slow and awkward with many a stumble and trip along the way. Once we were
  locked back in the classroom I allowed them to take off the blindfolds.  
"Sir, may I say something?" Cowcunt asked.  
"Hmmm&hellip;., yes. What?"  
" I am very hungry, Sir."  
"So am I, Sir." Chorused Baby Pussy.  
"Neither of you thick headed twats has earned a meal yet. I have had to constantly
  prompt and prod you to get you to behave properly. If you are really hungry
  why don't you both spend the rest of the day contemplating what you might do
  earn a meal."  
I was wondering how long it would take them to start begging for food. Hunger
  was an excellent motivator.  
'What ungrateful little sluts you both are. I share my private bath with
  you, dress you in the latest prison fashion and what do I get? The two of you
  whining for food. I think a little kiss of gratitude from each of you is more
  in order. Didn't you enjoy your morning outing?"  
They lowered their eyes and after a pause they actually puckered up and leaned
  toward me.  
"No, no. My feet! Get down there and thank me."  
They lowered themselves to the floor and put their lips to the soft leather
  of my moccasins. Satisfied, I ushered them, one at a time, to their cells.
  I provided each of them with a gallon of bottled drinking water and a pail
  of well water for washing and flushing. Hastily, I set the monitors and secured
  the hanger. I had a mountain of ranch business to catch up on by evening as
  I had promised Amparo a night on the town.  
By the time I had gone through the last of the accumulated bills and invoices,
  I had to rush to get ready. My manic obsessions with secrecy and control had
  me at the mercy of my watch. I realized I would have to learn to delegate some
  of these tasks if I wanted to stop cheating myself out of life's most precious
  commodity. Namely, our limited time to enjoy it!  
Fresh from the shower, I chose a silk shirt in a midnight shade that would
  set off my sky blue eyes and a pair off white tropical slacks. I gave the monitors
  a quick check. They were both pacing and Cowcunt was muttering to herself intermittently.
  Confinement and hunger were beginning to take their toll. Soon they would be
  ready to beg for a breath of fresh air or a black banana. My thoughts were
  interrupted by a rhythmic tooting of the horn on Amparo's BMW.  
Out of deference to my male ego she offered to let me drive. I knew that
  she loved driving her sporty German beast though so I refused the wheel. We
  roared off toward Huehue with a silky progression of gears. The top was down
  and we trailed a loud Latin beat from the stereo while her hair streamed behind
  her. In the glow of the dash, her white smile reflected her love of the speed.
  With my seat back I smiled up at the evening sky as she raced the little Z3
  over the uncertain, winding road. Above us a big, bad moon leered down indulgently.  
To the uninitiated there appears to be very little nightlife in Huehue. The
  upside of this is that there are not too many tourists out after dark. Hell,
  one tourist was too many. She found us an excellent meal at a small restaurant.
  The sound of guitars drifted in from the courtyard. We took our coffee and
  brandy out there and let ourselves be serenaded by a melancholy ballad. I was
  content but Amparo soon leapt to her feet.  
"No, the song is too sad and I am too happy. Let's go! I want to dance and
  laugh with you."  
She ignored the few modern clubs and skipped along with me in tow until we
  reached the Indio quarter. The open doorways of unlit little dives glowed with
  a hazy violet light from the neon within. Drums and brass belched the heavy
  salsa sound out through them.  
It was crowded and smoky inside but when the name de Recalde was heard a
  table by the dance floor was cleared for us. The band mixed in some merengue
  and punta rhythms as well. I have always enjoyed the release of dancing and
  being out on the floor holding Amparo turned a good thing great. Exchanges
  of wit and repartee flowed with the wine and her laughter was like a tonic.
  When the band finally took a break she excused herself to use the ladies room.  
The woman who returned to the table was not the lighthearted companion I
  had started the evening with. She was seething and her eyes were the hard dark
  of anthracite.  
"What has happened?" I asked.  
"I was insulted by the blond putana   in the green dress.
  If I had a knife I would cut her nose" she spat.  
She tossed her head in the direction of a couple at a table across the dance
  floor. The woman was young and attractive. She wore an expensive green gown
  and a single strand of pearls. The man with her was probably twice her age
  with a big, strong body that was just beginning to thicken. He was wearing
  a top of the line Stetson and a tailored western suit. If I'd had to guess,
  I would peg him as an American oilman out slumming with his trophy wife.  
"Insulted how?"  
" The toilets in these places have no stalls. When I went in the bitch was
  at the mirror. When I raised my dress to sit she was watching me in the mirror."  
" Maybe she is bi? You are worth a look from anyone."  
"No, not that kind of look. A look of scorn. Then she laughed. She said,
  'you people REALLY should learn about hygiene. Just look at all that hair between
  your legs, honey. No wonder everything down here smells so pissy.' Ayiie! I
  am so mad. Since I cannot cut her we must leave. If I look at her it hurts
  my eyes!"  
"Wait here for me for a moment, please?"  
"Hurry, please. I want to leave."  
I walked over to the crowded bar. The flash of a U.S. hundred-dollar bill
  had the Barman over to me instantly. I ordered more than drinks.  
"La mujer rubia en el vestido verde insulto a me esposa Guatemalteca. Quesiera
  que usted empleara a algunos hombres para piss en ella asi que mi esposa puede
  mirar."  
"Aqui, Senor?"  
"Si. Ahora.'  
He nodded and handed me a fresh bottle of wine. I passed him the hundred.
  When I returned to the table Amparo rose to leave. I shushed her protests and
  made her sit back down.  
"We can't leave yet. There is a floor show."  
"I would not give a drop of that bitch's sweat for a floor show. I want to
  go."  
"Shh. Behave and watch." I insisted.  
While I opened the wine and refilled our glasses, Amparo smoldered and stared
  daggers at the young woman across the room. Amparo refused her wine but I sat
  back and sipped mine. She was still glaring when three of the clubs bouncers
  approached the couple's table. One of them put a wicked looking hunting knife
  to the man's throat. Before the wife could even register alarm another had
  seized her by the hair and jerked her head back and held her pinned in her
  chair. Very deliberately the third man unzipped himself and began urinating
  on the blonde's upturned face. The yellow stream moved down her cleavage and
  began to hose back and forth over that lovely green gown. Her husband could
  only look on helplessly while his wife coughed and sputtered.  
Amparo's gasp of amazement and changed to delighted girlish laughter as she
  enjoyed the woman's humiliation.  
"Ah, mi amante! You are the devil! How did you arrange this floor show, eh?"  
"I simply told them that the gringa insulted my Guatemalan wife."  
The fact that I had been willing to pretend that she was my wife seemed to
  brighten Amparo's gaze. At last the man's bladder was empty. He looked over
  at me inquiringly.  
"Bring her over here, amigo" I ordered.  
The two of them drug the distraught woman to our table. I had them force
  her down on her belly at Amparo's feet. When she looked down at the woman she
  was no longer laughing.  
"Who smells pissy now, whore?"  
The blonde was sobbing too hard to answer.  
"Since you still do not apologize perhaps I should have them slice off you
  nipples. I could have them dried and made into ear bobs to remember you by.
  How would your rich husband like his wife then, eh?"  
"Oh God. Please no. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry."  
The woman was trembling in terror now and I could tell that the smell of
  her fear was arousing to Amparo. Slowly she presented the sole of her evening
  slipper to the blonde.  
"Taste the soil of my country so you will remember this. I want to see your
  tongue, Bitch!"  
While tears mingled with the piss on her face the woman began licking the
  bottom of Amparo's slipper. Finally, she planted her foot flat in the woman's
  face and pushed her away in disgust.  
"Basta! Let them get the hell out of our town."  
The man was released and he gathered up his bedraggled wife and the two of
  them fled out into the night. When Amparo turned to me there was a new look
  in her eyes.  
" Thank you, mi amante. This is why I love you. You have steel in your balls
  and flint in your heart but I cannot help myself."  
"Is your anger satisfied? If not I will have him killed and give you the
  woman to play with."  
"No. I am fine now. It was a beautiful present already. Now we must hurry
  and leave for a different reason."  
"Que ahora?" I asked, wondering what else was bothering her.  
"Having her in my power made me hot. Mi concha es mojada ahora . It needs
  you."  
As we left, one of the three bouncers held the door for us with a big smile.
  I nodded my appreciation to him and his two compadres. The night air was cool
  and fragrant as we made our way back to the car she kept a hand in my pocket,
  playing with my prick. Amparo had used a dimly lit hotel parking lot. I was
  opening the passenger door when she spun me around and leapt up astride me.  
"Aqui, mi amante! Ahora!" she hissed urgently.  
I rested her ass on the hood of the car and she hiked up her skirt while
  I unzipped. Impatiently, she pulled me forward and guided my cock through the
  leg of her panties and into her. It was one of those fast and furious rides.
  Her heels drummed my buttocks, urging me to slam it into her. She kept her
  lips pressed to my ear and her moans filled my head. I tightened my grip on
  her hips and growled to let her know I was ready. Her pelvis started twitching
  spastically and she had me coming with her. She sank her teeth into my neck
  and quaked as she milked me for every drop of pleasure.  
After the sex she wanted me to drive. I did, letting her lay back and enjoy
  her mood. I took us back over the curving mountain road at a much gentler pace
  though. She had found something she liked on the radio and settled back with
  a hand on my thigh. An occasional squeeze told me that she would want more
  attention later.  
 I had taken note of how the little scene I had arranged at the club had
  turned her on. As I drove I began to see how easy it would be to make her a
  partner in my training program. She would need to move in with me. I wondered
  if I would have to marry her to bring this about. Although at twenty-two she
  was of legal age it would be a serious mistake to offend her family.  
"Why hasn't your father married you off yet?" I voiced my thought to her.  
" He has tried twice! The first time when I was just sixteen to a gray bearded
  business associate of his." she laughed.  
"I have gray in my beard." I reminded her.  
"Yes but you are still restless and prowling. I felt your energy the moment
  we met"  
" So what happened with your suitors?"  
"You know Papa can refuse me nothing. I cried and refused to eat, saying
  I would rather starve than give myself to them. Both times he gave up and sent
  them packing."  
"I want you to come and live with me but I don't want to anger your father."  
She was silent as the meaning of my words sank in. I could see her nibbling
  her lower lip and then she pouted.  
" This means you don't wish to marry me."  
"I prefer to live with you in sin. If we remain happy&hellip; perhaps we
  will marry someday."  
Her hand moved up and caressed my cock but I remained silent while I waited
  for her to answer.  
"I think I have already proved that I can make you happy."  
"Can you make it happen or not?" I asked.  
"I want you no matter what. It will not be easy but I will talk to Papa and
  make him agree."  
"Good girl." I said.  
"But if anyone insults my name by discussing this in public then you will
  have to kill them to restore my father's honor." She informed me merrily.  
I could only hope that she was joking.  
There was little sleep for me that night, as Amparo seemed insatiable. I
  have always possessed great sexual stamina but outlasting a limber, voracious
  woman thirty years my junior was a challenge. When she finally collapsed into
  exhaustion my ego was relieved.  
"Bastantes!" she gasped, "If there is more it will be in my dreams."  
I poured some cognac and went out on the balcony to recover and let Amparo
  drift off. I thought today should prove to be most interesting. I lit up a
  Romeo y Julietta and watched the stars fade into the dawn sky while I waited
  for her sleep to deepen. Half way through my cigar I went inside and turned
  on the monitors. Baby pussy was curled up and still but poor Cowcunt was tossing
  and turning with her hands between her legs. I suspected that all this sexual
  exposure had her feeling a tad frustrated in spite of herself. I turned off
  the screen. Yes indeed, today would be most entertaining.  
I dressed quietly and leaving my dark haired darling to rest, I took off
  down to the hanger. I burst into Baby Pussy's cell banging a pair of pots together
  and screaming.  
"Roll out! You lazy little bitch! Come on, come let's have you then!"  
She jumped up in alarm with a confused look on her blinking, bald face. I
  hustled her along into the classroom and blindfolded and gagged her. I hurrahed
  her mother up out of her cell to join the girl and gave her the same treatment.
  I didn't have time to let them play follow the leader up to the Hacienda, so
  I pushed them along by the napes of their necks directing their feet as we
  went.  
 I marched them into the dining room and had them take off the jumpsuits.
  I draped them on their backs over each end of my long mahogany dining table.
  Their heads and arms hung over one side of the table and their lower legs and
  feet over the other. I secured them to the table legs and they were laid out
  like two offerings on a double ended alter.  
"Yesterday you both told me you were getting hungry. Do you still have an
  appetite?"  
The question was answered by a vigorous, positive bobbing of upside down
  heads.  
"Good. I have spent a sleepless night wracking my brain trying to decide
  what the pair of you might do to earn your meal privileges. I have a guest
  here today whom I shall shortly bring down to breakfast. I am going to lay
  out a nice table here and I will be using you as a pair of placemats. If you
  both behave sweetly and our breakfast party is a success I shall be pleased
  enough to feed you. Now, can I count on you?"  
Assured by more enthusiastic head bobbing, I busied myself with setting the
  table. I soon had an attractive centerpiece of fruit and flowers. Back and
  forth to the kitchen I went gathering a repast on brightly colored pottery
  dishes. I put out an ewer of fresh juice, a plate of sliced bread, cheese and
  pineapple and a platter of avocado halves stuffed with deviled eggs. I added
  a thermal carafe of Cuban coffee from which I poured myself a demitasse. I
  placed large plates on each of their concave tummies and pocketed the silverware,
  handles first, inside their pussies. Between their lolling breasts I nestled
  folded napkin swans.  
I removed the ball gags to ease their breathing. I didn't want our plates
  heaving up and down. I sipped my coffee and stood back to observe the effect.
  I to both startle and impress Amparo. I hoped that the inherent humor of the
  scene would offset its cruelty. What a chore it had all been though. Ah, the
  things we do for love, I thought, but then what is life without a touch of
  romance.  
"You both make outstanding placemats." I complimented them, "Remember now,
  be completely still no matter what is done to you and speak only when spoken
  to and I will be very pleased. Understood?"  
"I understand, Sir." Cowcunt whispered.  
"Baby Pussy?"  
"Yes, Sir." Another whisper.  
I left to rouse my sleeping beauty. I found her on her back, still dead to
  the world and snoring softly. I pulled back the sheet and crawled in between
  her thighs. I parted the matted pubic hair and eased her slit open, then, very
  slowly; I began to attack her with my tongue until I felt her struggle awake.
  When I heard a little sigh, I alternated between her labial lips, pulling on
  them with my lips. I felt her hands clutch my hair and began taking long licks
  as deeply as my tongue would reach.  
"Ah yes, Mi amante! Yes! Ahh, mi dios, it is so good."  
As soon as she started to buck and groan I fastened onto her clit and sucked
  while her whole body shuddered to completion. I waited until she went limp
  before I crawled up and let her lap her taste from my lips.  
"Time to get up, sleepyhead."  
"No." she pouted, "It is too early. I am dead from you."  
"I have a nice breakfast downstairs to restore you."  
"Let the boy bring it here then." She yawned.  
"He has the day off so I made it myself. Come on, up with you and show some
  appreciation."  
"Must I always be up with the roosters if I come to live with you?"  
"I am the only rooster here, so the answer is yes."  
I finally coddled her into a robe and she followed me downstairs, still yawning
  and rubbing the sleep from her eyes. I entered the dining room ahead of her
  and pulled the Chair at the head of the table out for her. She stopped in the
  doorway, gaping, while I stood behind Cowcunt's supine body holding the seat
  for her.  
"Madre del dios! What is all this?"  
"Come, Darling, sit down before the coffee cools."  
She hesitantly sat down, still staring at the bound and blindfolded women.
  I quietly poured coffee and juice and served our plates, plopping them back
  down on the bellies before us. Finally I took my own seat and raised my glass
  of juice.  
"Al amor y a la salud!" I toasted her.  
"Who are these women?" she demanded at last.  
"What if I told you that they are the sister and niece of the woman who insulted
  you last night?"  
"Ha! Then they deserve it. Is that who they are?"  
"No." I laughed, " but they used to be the same sort of spoiled Yankee bitches.
  I am teaching them a new set of manners. I hoped this would amuse you. Does
  it?"  
She watched me unfold my napkin and pluck the utensils from the girl's bald
  little pussy and suddenly burst out in laughter.  
"Yes," she finally managed to say, "It is very amusing. You give me such
  unusual presents, mi amante! "  
"I am happy it pleases you. Now eat! You will need your strength when you
  go to settle things with your father."  
With a giggle, she tentatively extracted her knife and fork from Cowcunt's
  furry pocket and began to eat. I enjoyed watching her as she began to accept
  this new pleasure of dominance. It wasn't long before she was resting her forearms
  on the body in front of her as if it were no more than the cushioned edge of
  the table.  
"Why is yours bald?" she asked, between bites.  
"She was too vain of her beautiful hair to suit me so I took it away from
  her."  
"Ha, you can be so droll, mi amante. It makes her look ridiculous and appealing
  at the same time. Have you fucked her?"  
She tried to make the inquiry casual but I heard an edge of jealousy in her
  voice.  
"No. She is a virgin."  
"And what about this one?" she punctuated the question by prodding Cowcunt's
  nearest nipple with her fork.  
"Yes." I admitted.  
"Is her concha   as hot as mine?" she asked playing
  idly with her placemat's pussy hair.  
"No woman satisfies me the way you have, my dear." I assured her.  
She twisted a tuft of the hair between her fingers and viciously yanked it
  out by the roots. She managed not to scream but still a gasp of pain was wrenched
  from Cowcunt's lips.  
"It's a good thing for her that you say so, my dear!"   She
  said to me mockingly.  
"Stop acting like a jealous child." I told her, "Just think of them as pets.
  I will need you to help me with their training after you move in."  
"Who are they? Where did they come from?"  
"None of that matters any more. This is Baby Pussy and the one you are being
  so mean to I have named Cowcunt."  
Amparo began laughing delightedly. The silly names had convinced her that
  she would never have to seriously compete with these two for my affection.
  She began to pet Cowcunt's pussy almost apologetically.  
"Yes, I will help you train your pets, mi amante. I will teach them to do
  tricks for you!"  
"Excellent! Thank you. Now get dressed and go home to convince your papa
  that marriage is old fashioned nonsense. If he will allow it I want you to
  hurry back to me."  
"I will. He will probably send you a gift for taking me off his hands. He
  calls me an expensive bit of baggage anyway."  
I saw her to the car where our goodbye kiss became so passionate that we
  almost had another rut in the dooryard. Her anticipation of this new adventure
  had definitely gotten her juices flowing. I finally got her behind the wheel
  and on her way. She waved as she roared through the gate.  
I went inside and freed my pets from the table. I dumped all the left over
  food into two large bowls and placed hem on the floor along with a pan of water.
  I had them kneel and clipped heir wrist cuffs behind them. When I nodded they
  bent forward with none of the hesitation one might have expected. I lit a cigar
  and finished the coffee while I watched them root ravenously in the bowls for
  their breakfast. Their faces were soon smeared with their efforts but it was
  of no consequence, an appointment with the garden hose would soon set them
  to rights.  
Once my two starvelings had eaten their fill, I herded them on all fours
  out to the inner courtyard. A large un-roofed atrium in the center of the Hacienda.
  Terraced plantings and flowers surrounded a swimming pool and a flagstone patio.  
The air was humid and the high sun beat down. The only real shade was under
  a lanai at one end of the pool. I placed them in the middle of the patio by
  the floor drain and went to gather some towels and various other necessities.
  Merely waiting with their knees and palms on the heated flagstones put a slick
  sheen their naked bodies. I dropped the end of a hose and a plastic bottle
  of Joy between them.  
"Who wants to get cooled off first?"  
They both just eyed the hose nervously and said nothing. By then rivulets
  of sweat were running down their sides to drip from their dangling nipples.  
"What, no volunteers? It's just cold water. It will refresh you. Okay, then
  I'll have to choose. Baby Pussy will be first. Cowcunt, squirt some of that
  dish soap up her asshole"  
"Wait! Sir&hellip; please&hellip; I want to go first."  
"You should have spoken up then. Too late now. Go on, do it!"  
She gently eased tip of the bottle into her daughter's tiny opening and gave
  it a halfhearted squeeze.  
"No, no! Give her a big shot of it. I want her good and clean back there."  
She reinserted it and did as I ordered while the girl squirmed uneasily.  
"That's better. Now work the end of the hose into her and hold it there."  
"Please, Sir&hellip; why do I have to do this. I'm afraid it will damage
  her."  
"You'll see some damage if I have to fetch the whip."  
She picked up the hose began working it slowly past the little ring of clenched
  muscle.  
"Oooh. Stop. Mommy, it hurts!"  
"Try to relax, baby, I'll go as easy as I can."  
The girl was wincing at the intrusion and her thighs were trembling nervously
  while the hose was gradually screwed into her. I turned on the tap and her
  ass began to shake as the cold water rushed into her. Her mother was forced
  to hold the hose in her spasming ass while she tried to calm her down with
  useless little pats of comfort. I watched the girl's belly distend and listened
  to her groans as she began cramping. When I was sure she was full I shut of
  the water.  
"Now, Cowcunt, keep her plugged with the hose and massage her belly"  
Cowcunt did as instructed, gently squeezing the girl's abdomen while she
  moaned in discomfort and of course they both started blubbering.  
"We do everything you ask, Sir. Why torture us this way when we try to please
  you?"  
"Its hardly torture. It offends you&hellip; so you resist &hellip;and it
  hurts. If you relax it would be uncomfortable at the worst. I am only doing
  it because I want her nice and clean when I slide my cock into her tight little
  bottom."  
"I never let my husband do that. If that's what you want&hellip; use me,
  Sir. I'll make it good for you. If you just tell me what you like, I'll be
  even better than the woman who was at breakfast."  
All this pathetic pleading was a bore. How long would it take this woman
  to realize that there would be no negotiation. No mutual give and take. Only
  giving by her and taking by others.  
"If I were you, I wouldn't ever let her hear you claim to be able to do anything
  better than she can. She is going to be your new Mistress. As for using you,
  rest assured that I intend sample your backdoor as well."  
"Please, Sir, I really need to go to the bathroom." Baby Pussy whined.  
"I'll tell you when you may go. Cowcunt, get down and raise your ass"  
I went over and eased the hose out of Baby Pussy and corked her with a butt
  plug. I proceeded to fill Cowcunt with cold, soapy water as well. She tried
  to relax but she was soon groaning and shaking her head back and forth. I pushed
  a second plug in her ass and left them to soak their insides a bit.  
 I went to the patio bar and put some bottles of Gallo beer in a pail of
  ice, then made myself comfortable under the lanai by the pool. The water soon
  warmed up inside them and they were both dripping with sweat again. Their faces
  wore grimaces of concentration and their eyes were pleading with me for relief.
  I opened a cold beer and lit up a cigar. I gave them enough time to wonder
  if the pain would ever end and then I relented.  
"Okay, remove the plugs and relieve yourselves."  
"Where shall we go, Sir?" Cowcunt was looking around frantically for somewhere
  to dash to.  
"Right where you are. Turn around so I can watch, it might be amusing."  
I would have thought that little would have embarrassed them by now but they
  both flushed with shame as they complied. No sooner were the plugs out than
  gouts of filthy water and several loud farts erupted from their rectums. It
  was really more disgusting than interesting, seeing them leaking brown water
  down the backs of their legs. I should have let them stay there in the midst
  of their stink awhile to humiliate them further but even from poolside I couldn't
  stand it. I turned the nozzle to spray and hosed them off. I gave them the
  hose and some scrub brushes and returned to my shaded chair whilst they flushed
  their mess down the drain.  
I sipped and smoked, while I watched their haunches flex as they scrubbed
  away at the flagstones. I made them soap up and shower with the hose and then
  ordered them into the pool. They lowered themselves into the shallow end and
  looked at me uncertainly as if half expecting an order to drown themselves.  
"Well? What are you looking at me for?" I asked innocently.  
"What shall we do, Sir?" Cowcunt asked.  
"Enjoy yourselves! Cool off. Make like water nymphs. You may talk, laugh
  or yell. Hell, scream if the spirit moves you."  
Once they accepted that I was serious, they began to swim. I've always felt
  as likely to encounter a two-headed chicken as I might a silent woman. Understandably,
  they did not feel easy about relaxing in front of me but the release from days
  of enforced silence was too tempting. It wasn't long before they were splashing
  one another and letting go some self-conscious laughter.  
I used the remote to flood the courtyard with music and moved to a chaise
  lounge. I stripped off my own clothing and laid back. Iced beer and a great
  Cuban cigar was all the lunch I cared for. Both of them were really quite graceful
  and athletic. I lowered my Versace frames and followed their antics from behind
  the dark lenses. The music from Maurice Ravel's ballet 'Daphnis et Chloe' was
  playing. It was a perfect background for the frolics of my nude nymphs.  
I let them cavort for a good half-hour before calling a halt to their recess.
  I laughed and made a mental note to pick up a whistle.  
"Alright! Everyone out of the pool!"  
They went quiet and dripping, they came and kneeled down on either side of
  me. They were surprised when I handed each of them a big beach towel and a
  beer. They took the frosty bottles gratefully and drank thirstily. Baby Pussy
  even smacked her lips. The lighter flesh of their asses and tits, not to mention
  the girl's bald head, had gotten very pink from the sun. I made them apply
  some aloe lotion to one another and then had them fetch a couple of air mattresses.  
"Lie down here with me, its siesta time."  
They stretched out with me between them. I saw them looking into each other's
  eyes as I dropped a hand down on either side and began to stroke them. I closed
  my eyes and let my fingers take an inventory of them. By touch I compared the
  textures of their skin. I could feel the two pulses and the rise and fall of
  their breathing as I traced the contrasting curves and valleys of their bodies.
  My left hand cupped and thumbed a full breast and fat nipple while my right
  played across a flatter chest capped by two hard little nubbins. For some time
  I stroked them lazily while Ravel's piano played on. When I opened my eyes
  I found theirs closed. A peaceful lethargy had overtaken me, so I let them
  sleep while I drifted in and out for about an hour.  
 The nap sharpened my senses and I felt recovered from my long night with
  Amparo. Lying there, thinking about their pending initiation had somewhat aroused
  me. Say what you will, there is always a vicarious thrill involved with a new
  experience, be it an unconquered mountain top, the discovery of an unknown
  species or something as perverse as the taking of a woman's anal cherry.  
I reached down and ruffled Cowcunt's sandy hair to awaken her. I pulled her
  drowsy head up into my lap and fed her my semi-swollen cock. With some reluctance
  she set to work on it.  
I gave Baby Pussy a love tap to get her up. I motioned for her to turn around
  and raise her bum for me.  
"That's lovely. Now reach back pull your bottom cheeks apart."  
Hearing this caused the mouth on my cock to pause briefly but a sharp slap
  on the ass got Cowcunt's oral pump restarted.  
"Get it nice and hard for us, Mom." I teased her.  
As soon as I was fully erect, I moved around behind Baby Pussy's jutting
  rear end pulling Cowcunt with me.  
"Use the aloe lotion to lubricate her anus."  
"That's it. Work it in. Massage her hole and stretch it with your fingers.
  We don't want to hurt her."  
I stroked some of the lotion on myself while her fingers worked in her daughter's
  hole. The girl herself had begun breathing hard. I thrust forward and made
  Cowcunt to feed the length of me slowly into the girl's tiny opening. There
  were small grunts of protest and I could see her fists clenching.  
I slid gradually up her hot, tight tube. Once I was holstered to the hilt,
  I did not begin thrusting in and out, rather I slowly rotated my pelvis creating
  only a faint stirring motion inside her. I kept this up while she became adjusted
  to pressure in her back passage.  
"Slide down there and lick her pussy, Mom." I ordered.  
"But she's my daughter! I've never&hellip;"  
"Do it now or this will hurt her. I know you don't want that."  
She gave up her inhibitions and slithered down beneath us. As soon as the
  girl felt that tongue her grunts gave way to little pleasure sounds.  
"Yes. Let it feel good." I encouraged her.  
Soon her hips started to move with me. When I withdrew all but the tip of
  my cock and slid forward again there was no resistance. As I increased my pace
  she strained back to meet me. I could hear Cowcunt's slurping mouth as she
  struggled to maintain her contact with us.  
"That's it, Mom! Help her get there."  
I reached under and used her hard, little nipples to synchronize our rhythm.
  Rocking back and forth on my shaft and the busy mouth below had got her moaning.
  The pleasurable friction in her bottom put me on the edge. When I felt her
  start to spasm I let go and we both came with a shudder. The three of us collapsed
  in a gasping heap.  
After a bit I got everyone sorted out and flopped back on the chaise. I gave
  Baby Pussy a friendly little pat on her slick fanny and sent her over to the
  bar for bottles of fresh beer. Cowcunt was avoiding her daughter's eyes.  
"You mustn't be ashamed of yourself, you know. It turned out to be a wonderful
  experience for her."  
"Sir, its just that I never&hellip;oh, I don't know.." she said confusedly.  
"It is too bad you didn't get your share of the fun."  
"No, Sir&hellip;really, I'm fine."  
"Are you now? Scoot over here and spread your legs for me."  
I slipped my fingers up into her. She was dripping like a faucet.  
I pulled my fingers out and pushed them into her mouth. When I withdrew them
  I watched her tongue slide curiously over her lips as she sampled the taste
  of herself. Baby Pussy returned and I told her to open us each a beer, then
  had her hand me my shirt. I found myself a fresh Romeo y Julietta. Smilingly,
  I reached out and pushed the cigar into Cowcunt's soaking pussy. I twirled
  it about, letting it marinate for a bit. She actually began to blush. When
  I took it out and lit up with a sigh of contentment, Baby Pussy started giggling
  and then they both burst into laughter.  
I let them have another swim while I enjoyed my smoke. A glance at my watch
  told me that if Amparo's mission with her father had been successful, I probably
  could expect her be showing up soon. I debated returning my now docile pets
  to their kennels but decided to wait a bit. Amparo was going to require an
  attitude adjustment herself and sooner is always better than later.  
They climbed out of the pool and returned to my side without being bidden.
  I must have been taking my sexual pulse, for I had been idly holding myself
  while enjoying their nudity. I felt my cock stir under my hand. I waved it
  casually to get their attention and crooked a finger at Baby Pussy.  
"Use your sweet lips on me and get me ready. Its your mother's turn to feel
  good now."  
Cowcunt was still embarrassed and uncomfortable with the incestuous nature
  of my little games but she got down and backed up to me. The girl showed no
  such reluctance and eagerly lowered her bare head to engulf my prick. I got
  a palm full of the lotion and smeared it between her mother's proffered buns.
  I teased her anus and the lips of her cunt to heat her up. I quickly had her
  shifting about and emitting small sighs. When I was sure we were both ready,
  I moved up behind her.  
"Okay little girl, scoot down here, its your turn to be the monkey in the
  middle."  
Baby Pussy laughed and slid into place. With both hands I pressed her mother
  down onto her waiting mouth. In spite of her self the woman sighed at the contact.
  Using my thumbs I stretched her anus and had just eased the knob of my cock
  into her when I was interrupted&hellip;  
"SO&hellip; while I am begging with Papa and telling him how much I love
  you&hellip; THIS is what you are doing. Having a party with your two whores!"  
Amparo had returned right on cue and was standing in the open French doors
  with arms and legs akimbo and dark eyes flashing.  
"Stop acting like a jealous bitch. Get out of those clothes you foolish woman
  and come and help me. This not a party. It is a training session."  
My words were harsh but I used a mild tone and spoke in Spanish so as not
  to lower her status in front of the slaves. I had never spoken to her like
  that before and it took the wind out of her sails.  
She spent a long second deciding and then pulled her dress off over her head.
  She was braless, so she had only to step out of her sandals and panties. She
  was proud of her body and rightly so. Naked, She stretched, as is to display
  herself and then padded across the flagstones toward us. Sonia Braga, in her
  heyday, is the only woman I can think of who might have competed with Amparo's
  lush body. Her attitude as she approached was one of challenge to the two blonde
  beauties. I Pressed Cowcunt's pussy back down on the girl's mouth.  
"Amparo, lay back here in front of us and open your legs for Cowcunt. Show
  her what a truly beautiful pussy looks like."  
She did as I asked and leaned back on her elbows with her knees raised. She
  slowly let her legs fall open until the lips of her cunt parted. Her moist
  pink core glistened, surrounded by the black forest of her pelt. I slid my
  cock another inch into the blonde to get her attention.  
" Cowcunt, tell your Mistress how beautiful her pussy is."  
Amparo looked as if she wanted to purr when she heard this. If the woman
  I had my cock inside had been entertaining any illusions about becoming the
  belle of the ball, they vanished.  
"Your pussy is&hellip; very beautiful&hellip;Mistress." She said uncertainly.
  She was obviously distracted by the obedient little mouth working between her
  own legs.  
I could smell Amparo's arousal. I urged Cowcunt forward by advancing my cock
  another inch and she groaned.  
"Get down there and tell me how she smells." I ordered.  
Amparo's cunt was now leaking visibly. She extended her nose and sniffed.  
"She smells&hellip;sexy&hellip;Sir."  
I gave her another inch.  
"Stick out your tongue, Cowcunt. Can you see her tongue, Darling? Will you
  let her have a taste for me"  
"Yes, I'll allow it," Amparo said, "but I want her to look at me while she
  does it."  
" You heard her, Cowcunt. Look up at her while you taste her beautiful pussy
  for me."  
With her eyes locked on Amparo's, she tendered a quick, half-hearted lick,
  so I pushed some more into her ass and she gave it a long, lingering swipe.  
"How does her beautiful pussy taste?"  
"It tastes salty&hellip;but good, Sir."  
"Good? Is that all you can tell me? Good?" I berated her.  
"Umm&hellip;I meant delicious, Sir. She is very delicious."  
"You hear that Amparo? She thinks your cunt is delicious. Baby Pussy? How
  does Mom's cunt taste?"  
"Its tastes wet, Sir." Came the muffled answer.  
I laughed and sank in a bit more. I was almost home.  
"How dare you have a wetter cunt than your Mistress. You better get busy
  and make her beautiful pussy wetter than yours. You won't like it if she gets
  angry."  
Cowcunt was resigned by now and applied herself to the task in front of her.
  When Amparo begin to respond, the desire to please that I had been cultivating
  in Cowcunt took over. Little movements of her head showed her to be teasing
  Amparo's lips with her teeth and tongue. Meanwhile Baby Pussy's mouth was beginning
  to give her mother fits as well. Her hips started twitching and I shoved my
  cock up her all the way to the balls, making her moan into Amparo's muff.  
Amparo took two fists full of the blonde's hair and began fucking her face
  while I sawed in and out of her rectum.  
"Ah yes! Ah mi concha! Suck me, you gringa bitch!" she hissed.  
By now I was bellowing and fucking like a man possessed while Cowcunt grunted
  with pain and pleasure into Amparo's hairy, thrashing quim. Baby pussy was
  gurgling and madly fingering her bald, little slit.  
My pistoning thighs were beginning to cramp with my efforts. Finally, Amparo's
  toes curled and her legs shot out straight as she screamed. I came right behind
  her and as if our release had given them permission, the two women between
  us let go and Cowcunt's scream was almost as loud as that of her Mistress  
I crawled over Cowcunt's prostrate body until I found Amparo's mouth and
  kissed her. Totally spent, we sprawled loosely atop our two slaves and smiled
  at one another.  
"Thank you, Mi Amante. It is always good with you &hellip;but that was&hellip;I
  don't know&hellip;so different&hellip;so strong!"  
"Yes. For us it is the taking that does it." I said, " For these two it is
  the giving. They used to be too up tight for these types of pleasures but when
  forced&hellip; they can enjoy without guilt."  
We spent the remainder of the afternoon and evening lazing about. Amparo
  was relishing her new role as mistress of Paloma Blanca. Of course she had
  grown up being catered to by servants, so ordering her new charges about came
  naturally to her. At my suggestion, she had them run her a tub and bathe her.  
Left to myself for awhile, I fired up some coals in the grill and set out
  some prawns and sliced mango. I set a couple of bottles of wine to chill and
  reloaded the CD player with some Merengue. I rinsed myself off with the hose
  and took a few laps in the pool. It was almost like being on holiday for a
  change.  
Amparo reappeared with her new attendants in tow. She had not bothered to
  dress and I was pleased to be spared the effort of dressing for dinner.  
"Come, Mi Amante. Already I have taught them a new trick for you."  
She made them lower two chaises and place them side by side. She had me lay
  face down on one while she stretched out prone on the other. She snapped her
  fingers and Cowcunt sat down astride my thighs and began massaging warm lotion
  into my shoulders. Baby pussy did the same for Amparo. Any lingering reservations
  I had about my decision to enlist a junior partner were evaporating.  
"Es bueno, no?" She asked, with an impish smile  
"It's good, yes." I agreed and gave her a wink.  
We lay there in shared bliss while they worked their way up and down the
  length of our bodies. After awhile we turned over and let them do our fronts.
  When Cowcunt's hands began kneading my thighs, my cock stirred and Amparo noticed.
  She snapped her fingers again and each of them immediately lowered their heads
  to our groins. With no further instruction Cowcunt began lapping my balls and
  my stiffening cock, while Baby Pussy buried her face in Amparo's muff. I closed
  my eyes and let the pleasure take me. We lay there, holding hands, until we
  came in their mouths.  
As evening approached, we had them grill and serve us the prawns and mangoes
  I had prepared. When we were full, we amused ourselves by making them dance
  for us. Amparo set them to doing various pet tricks, such as roll over and
  play dead, sit up and beg and so on. We fed them leftovers from our fingers
  and scratched them behind their ears as rewards.  
While we discussed the immediate future, they poured the wine and tended
  to our slightest need. At the rate they were progressing, I would be able to
  turn them over to my client quite soon. I thought I might set a tentative date
  for three weeks. We spoke in Spanish while I laid out what remained to be accomplished
  with regard to their training.  
"And I can do anything I wish to them?" she asked.  
"As long as you don't damage them. They are too valuable. As I told you,
  the young one is a virgin. Be sure she remains so."  
The day had been relaxing but also tiring. I ordered them into their coveralls
  and Amparo and I donned jeans and sweaters against an evening chill. I had
  dispensed with the blindfolds and our two slaves crawled along behind us as
  we strolled leisurely down to the hanger.  
We secured them in their cells. They both looked so despondent at being locked
  away again that I had to laugh. I told them that if they continued to please
  us I would consider an improvement in their accommodations. This seemed to
  cheer them.  
I showed the monitor controls to Amparo and explained the use of the classroom.
  When I locked up I gave her a set of keys. On the way back to the house we
  decided that the slaves would move up with us to act as maids. I would promote
  my houseboy to the job of chauffeur. Amparo would have the house to herself
  then and between the two of us we could accelerate my training program considerably.  
In the bedroom, I shed my clothes quickly and fell into bed. Unbelievably,
  when Amparo joined me she began rubbing up against me and purring like a cat
  in heat. I growled at her to let me sleep. She made a show up pouting but quieted
  down. She was whispering something in my ear but I was out before she finished
  whatever it was she was saying.  
The alarm went off at eight. I woke up in the big bed alone. There was a
  note on Amparo's pillow. She had left early for Huehue to do some shopping.
  I rang down to Juan for breakfast. By the time I came out of the bathroom huevos
  rancheros and steaming coffee were waiting for me on the balcony. He had laid
  out the newspapers. I got the Sunday editions from New York, London and Mexico
  City. They were always three or four days old by the time they arrived but
  they kept me as current as I cared to be.  
I called my client in Argentina and confirmed that she would be ready for
  delivery in three weeks. She was thrilled with this as it meant she would be
  able to present them to her husband on his birthday. I told her I would e-mail
  her some photos and video clips of her new toys. I asked if she were sure the
  travel documents would be ready in time. She assured me that her connections
  in the government would arrange new identities for both women. We agreed that
  she would arrive by private jet in Guatemala City to collect her new pets.
  I reminded her that I that there would be no delivery until I received a verification
  from my bank in Grand Cayman that the balance due had been deposited to my
  account. She said it would be done.  
 I was about to hang up when she asked if I would fill an order for a German
  friend of hers. I told her to send me some background information and I would
  consider it. She knew better than to hand my number out. I was very particular
  about who I did business with. Anyone who had to inquire the amount of my fee,
  probably could not afford me.  
I had Juan bring up the land rover. As he drove me over to the stable, I
  informed him that he could no longer be my houseboy, as the new Senora preferred
  to have maids. I thought he was going to start crying until I told him that
  he was being promoted. I informed him that henceforth he would be Paloma Blanca's
  new General Superintendent of Transport. When he heard this, I feared his head
  might burst. I threw in a raise of twenty Q a month and he tried to kiss my
  hand. He was the proudest chauffeur in all of Guatemala.  
With part of the down payment I received for the two blondes, I had purchased
  a long coveted Barb mare. I spent the morning watching Carlos supervise her
  being bred by my favorite stallion, Amanecer. If the foal turned out well,
  I intended to make a present of it to Amparo. She shared my passion for horses
  and was an accomplished equestrienne. I had them saddle my smaller stallion,
  Oscuridad and rode out to inspect a section of fence I had ordered repaired.  
Before I left, I told Carlos to find me a young girl from the country who
  had learned how to cook. It had occurred to me that with Juan gone we would
  need someone. I doubted whether Cowcunt's kitchen skills went much beyond dry
  meatloaf and a microwaved potato.  
"Make sure she is a virgin and beautiful too. Not a left over daughter with
  a mouthful of gold teeth! Promise her father a bride's price as well, for she
  will be staying here."  
"Si, Jefe." He leered, " I will find for you a good one."  
It was well into the afternoon when I got back to the hacienda. The red BMW
  was in the drive. When I walked through the door a smiling Amparo greeted me
  with a kiss.  
"Aiyee! You smell sexy, mi amante, like a wet stallion. Have you been riding?  
"Yes. I was at the stable all morning. Let me change and freshen up for you."  
Amparo clapped her hands sharply and our two slaves appeared. She had costumed
  them in white silk kimonos trimmed in turquoise. On their feet, they wore matching
  gold foil zoris. With the exception of their fair complexions, they put me
  in mind of the women who took such wonderful care of me in the upscale Tokyo
  bathhouses I had visited.  
"Rubia, go and run a bath for Sir. Pobrecita, you lay out the fresh clothes
  as I showed you and then help Rubia bathe the Master."  
"Yes, Mistress." They replied in unison before hastening off.  
"I hope you don't mind that I changed their names." She giggled, "I could
  not say Cowcunt without laughing! She is a blondie, so I call her Rubia and
  the young one is now Pobrecita."  
My first impulse was to be irritated at this. I had made them accept idiotic
  names for the purpose of further eroding their self-esteem. However, if it
  pleased Amparo, what did it matter what they were called. Perhaps it was just
  as well to show them that they did not even rate a permanent name. In Buenos
  Aires they would probably be renamed yet again.  
"If it pleases you, it tickles me." I said, " Very impressive, Darling, you
  have been busy. How did you get their respect so quickly? Tell me your secret."  
"They were very grateful for their new clothes. Before I allowed them to
  dress though, I made them stand side by side in front of me and look into my
  eyes. I began fingering their pussies while I told them sweetly how nice I
  could be to them. Believe me, Mi Amante, I had both of your bitches panting
  to come. Once I had their clits poking out, I got their little nubbins between
  my nails and almost pinched them off."  
She laughed gaily as she related this. The streak of cruelty I had noticed
  in her was wider than I had imagined.  
"A pinch in time saves nine." I quipped.  
"They both screamed and dropped to the floor holding their poor conchas.  I
  told them to remember this feeling and to never make me angry. After this es
  no problema,  they pay attention to everything."  
"Bravo, you have outdone yourself. Now, let me get rid of this stink."  
"Yes, go. I will cook. I think the gringas  are helpless
  in the kitchen."  
"I have taken care of this." I said over my shoulder, " Carlos is finding
  us a cook."  
The bath was perfect and my helpers seemed to enjoy their task. I do believe
  they were relieved to see me. Obviously their day with Amparo had been strenuous.
  I had no doubt that they would be on pins and needles around her for awhile.  
While they were drying me, I playfully pinched their nipples and squeezed
  their asses. Taking this as an indication of desire, they both dropped to their
  knees and opened their mouths expectantly. I liked this further evidence of
  Amparo's work with them but I ignored them and went into the bedroom. They
  got up and followed to help me dress. It was apparent that they had received
  a plethora of instruction in my absence.  
I sent them off to assist Amparo in the kitchen and went out by the pool
  to relax. No sooner had I settled back than Baby Pussy&hellip;or rather Pobrecita,
  reappeared with my humidor. With a sly little smile she squatted slightly,
  extracted one of my Cubans and ran it back and forth between the lips of her
  little slit before handing it to me. I had to smile. I would definitely regret
  having to part with this one. No sooner was my cigar drawing nicely than she
  was back with a tall Pina Colada.  
"Does Sir wish anything else?" she asked softly.  
"Why don't you look through those CDs on the bar and put some Cal Tjader
  on."  
Soon the cool jazz from his vibes was mixing it up with a Mambo beat. The
  freshly squeezed pineapple juice with chilled rum and coconut milk was delicious.
  Pobrecita returned and I set her to rubbing my feet. I was the picture of contentment
  when Amparo joined me with a drink of her own. Rubia appeared and taking a
  cue from her daughter knelt down and began to massage my other foot.  
"Everything is prepared, Mi Amante. They will serve us when you are ready."  
"Se parece que puede tener otra peticion pronto." I confided to her.  
I went on to outline the morning conversation with my client. I explained
  that following the delivery, it was possible that I might be called away on
  another hunt.  
"You are going to take a new one? You must let me come with you. It will
  be exciting."  
I told her I had no details yet. As to her accompanying me, I said I would
  think it over. She tried to press the issue but I just smiled and called for
  my slippers.  
"What delectable thing have you created in there?" I changed the subject.  
"Verdura con mayonesa y pollo. Why can't I go too, you devil?"  
"Basta! Okay! We will go together. Now let's have no more talk, I'm hungry."  
The chicken was succulent and seasoned perfectly. When the new girl arrived
  she had better know her chilies and beans, I thought to myself. We finished
  with a melon sorbet. When we had eaten our fill, we made the pets kneel beside
  our chairs. We fed them scraps while we finished the wine.  
 After they licked our fingers clean I ordered them into the bedroom. I had
  Amparo let them wear two of her blouses while I took some passport photos with
  my digital camera.  
Once that was done, I had them strip again. I took a series of nude studies.
  I posed them leaning on the railing of the balcony gazing wistfully up at the
  moon. I took one of them each resting a hand upon the other's shoulder while
  holding an apple, as if they were two of Raffaello's three graces. I got out
  the video camera and shot them clowning with each other during a mock pillow
  fight. It was all a tease designed to provide my client with a pleasing preview
  of her purchases.  
"I need a short porn feature now. You two will be the movie stars and Amparo
  will be your director."  
Amparo rubbed her hands together gleefully and got into the spirit of the
  thing immediately. She ordered them to get dressed again, while she disappeared
  into the walk-in closet. Shortly, she emerged wearing a black silk blouse;
  jodhpurs and riding boots complete with spurs. I insisted that she fashion
  a Zorro mask from one her scarves and wear it. Who could know what my client
  might do with this video? I did not want Amparo's father stumbling across this
  scene on the Internet by some wild coincidence.  
 She swaggered forward, slapping the calf of her boot with a crop, a perfect
  parody of the Nazi bitch from hell. With overstated gestures reminiscent of
  the silent movies, she threatened her victims, whose wide-eyed fright was no
  longer wholly theatrical. She actually used her crop on them and soon had them
  weeping as she bullied them into removing their clothing. Once they were naked,
  she forced them into various humiliating positions. She toyed with them. Prodding
  them with the crop, as she forced them to hold themselves open while I zoomed
  in for close-ups of their gaping cunts and stretched anuses.  
She ordered them to undress her. I got some amusing shots while they were
  bent over struggling to tug her boots off. While she had them down licking
  her feet, she asked me what I wanted for a finale. Knowing that my clients
  were into watersports, I told her to make them lay with their heads together
  and piss on their faces.  
"Para veradero?" she asked, not believing I was serious.  
"Yes. Their future Mistress will adore it." I assured her.  
With no further ado she ordered them into position and moved astride their
  faces. As soon as she squatted and pulled open the lips of her cunt, they realized
  her intention. Their expressions registered shame and disgust and they were
  not acting.  
"Look up at me and open your mouths! Don't ruin my movie and make me angry." She
  threatened.  
With great reluctance they acceded to her command.  
"Stick out your tongues, you gringa  bitches!" she growled.  
I knew she must have been remembering the woman at the nightclub. With a
  curled smile on her lips, she released her bladder. At first it was merely
  a yellow dribble that spattered off their tits but she soon had a strong stream
  going. Using her fingers and her pelvis, she moved the golden arc up onto their
  faces. She moved it from side to side, filling their yawning mouths until they
  were forced to swallow. My Camera zoomed in on their bulging cheeks and the
  contractions of their throats as they strove to keep up with her flow. At last
  she emptied herself and I finished with a shot of their soaked faces, trying
  to blink her urine from their eyes.  
I barely had time to set down the camera before Amparo was upon me, tearing
  at my clothes.  
"Hurry. Put it in me. Please! Hurry!"  
I finally managed to hold her still long enough to comply. We were going
  at it hammer and tongs, with her on top, when she noticed the two women, where
  she had left them, watching us stupidly with dripping faces. Without missing
  a stroke, she ordered them up.  
"Mop up that mess and wash yourselves. I want you here when we finish to
  clean us."  
She turned her full attention back to me and began milking me with her inner
  muscles. By god, there was no waiting then. As soon as I felt that invisible
  cunt-fist muckle on to me I knew it was all over. Either the feel of me spurting
  or the sound of me talking in tongues must have done it for her, because she
  followed me over the edge.  
We were holding one another drowsily when Rubia and Pobrecita returned from
  the shower and crawled up on the bed. They nestled their still damp bodies
  against our sweaty warmth and began cleaning us with their tongues. Amparo
  was already snoring softly when I locked the thin chains from their collars
  to the foot of the bed.  
 I drifted off to sleep with one of them licking the stickiness from my thighs
  while the other sucked my cum from Amparo's leaking pussy.  
In the morning, I was the first to awaken. Even my huge bed was a bit crowded
  with three women in it. I extracted myself from all that softness and took
  the cameras with me down to make coffee.  
Once I had a hot mug in my hand, I went into the library and sat down at
  the computer. I downloaded the photos and video clips from the previous evening
  and sent them off to Buenos Aires. There was e-mail from my client notifying
  me where she would be staying in Guatemala City. She also identified her German
  friend and vouched for his ability to remain discreet. I brought him up on
  the international Who's Who. Yes, he was quite prominent in his field. A short
  laudatory bio described him as 'highly regarded' and as 'a driving force behind
  Germany's economic expansion'. This was followed by the usual details.  
Dr. Gunther Jacob Hoffman - Investment Banker - Born: July 6, 1946 - Birthplace:
  Hamburg, Germany - Education: University of Heidelberg, PHD in economic science &ndash; CEO,
  Deutsche Finanzbank - Chairman, Brett der stadtischen Entwicklung &ndash; Board
  member, Handemaklertatigkeit -Family: Wife, Wilma (nee. Blatt) Hoffman, deceased
  - Daughter, Heidi (married - Strauss) &ndash; Net worth, unlisted &ndash; Interests,
  unlisted.  
I could bet that at least one of the highly regarded Dr. Hoffman's unlisted
  interests was fairly kinky. I e-mailed my banker in the Cayman's and asked
  him to make some inquiries through his old boy network. I wanted to find out
  just how deep the good Doctor's pockets were. If the answer was satisfactory,
  I would offer to acquire for him whatever it was he desired.  
My thoughts were interrupted when a pair of arms encircled me and Amparo
  leaned down to whisper a good morning in my ear.  
"Good morning to you too, sleepyhead." I replied.  
"What shall I do with your two hussies today?" she wanted to know.  
"Give them a good breakfast from now on. Each morning exercise them in the
  courtyard, thirty minutes of PT and thirty laps in the pool should do it. In
  the afternoons make them lift weights. Light weights but many reps, we want
  them toned and looking delicious when I hand them over."  
"I will be bored watching them sweat all day. You are making me the slave
  of your slaves." She pouted.  
"You are the light of my life! The jam on my bread! The honey in my..."  
"Enough of your...how you say it&hellip;Blarney?"  
I laughed and gave her a hug. She was going to be a fantastic asset and I
  loved her for it.  
"Should I shave Pobrecita's head again?" she asked, " It was stubbly between
  my thighs last night."  
"No. In three weeks time she should have a sort of blond butch look to her.
  Which is I believe la mode courante!  "  
"What will you do today, while I baby-sit, eh?"  
"Stop whining. I am sure you will find ways to amuse yourself with them.
  I have ranch business to look after and I must see if the cook I told Carlos
  to find for us is suitable."  
"Go then. I will try and have a surprise for you tonight."  
I went up to the bedroom and two wide-awake slaves sat up, eager to be released.
  Being tethered with no idea how long you will be made to wait would certainly
  drive me nuts.  
" Please Sir, we need to use a toilet badly." Rubia pleaded.  
 I told them to hurry downstairs and beg Mistress Amparo for permission to
  relieve themselves. I showered and trimmed my beard. A glance out of the bedroom
  window down into the courtyard showed Amparo granting their request. She had
  them hunkered down over the drain, pissing while she stood by watching. I laid
  out some clothes and observed the scene below as I dressed.  
Apparently, Amparo had decided to sweat them before allowing them to eat.
  She put them on their backs doing leg lifts. Up, open, hold, close and down.
  Up, open, hold, close and down. If their legs drooped while they were holding,
  she toed them in the pussy until their trembling legs rose again. By the time
  I was ready, they were doing jumping jacks. Amparo kept yelling for them to
  jump higher and faster, until it looked as though their flopping breasts would
  beat their ribs to death. I was chuckling as I left. She was turning out to
  be one hell of a drill instructor.  
Juan drove me to the compound and Carlos hurried over to greet me. A young
  woman with downcast eyes followed him timidly.  
"Here she is, Jefe. Es muy bonita, no? She cook good, too."  
"How much is the bride price?"  
"I make her father take 1,500 quetzales, Jefe" Carlos informed me proudly.  
"The father and she both know there will be no husband?"  
"Si, Jefe, they know this."  
I gave him the money to deliver. Just under 200.00 U.S.D. It made me smile.
  I was selling each of my women for the price of a new Mercedes and here I had
  just bought one for the price of a used lawn mower. Carlos opened the door
  and I motioned her to get in back with me. She had a small, pathetic bundle
  of belongings with her. Carlos put them up front with Juan and she climbed
  in beside me.  
I ordered Juan to drive us to the Mercado Publico  in
  Huehue. As we drove I appraised her. Her skin had the glossy cinnamon tone
  common to the Ladinos of the highlands. While not delicate, neither were her
  features coarse. I was pleased with her full passionate lips and small, white
  teeth. She was a shy little thing and kept her gaze averted out the window.
  I let the silence remain between us. She was curious about me as well. I caught
  her studying me with furtive, sidelong glances when she thought I wasn't looking.  
In the market, I told her to buy a month's worth of food for the kitchen.
  She was a hard bargainer and her selections convinced me she would please Amparo
  as a cook. Her youth and attractiveness would be another issue, I thought ruefully.  
 When I turned her loose amongst the blouses and skirts her reserve vanished.
  Before she was finished, Juan had made two trips to the Rover. When I finally
  called a halt to her spending spree, she had him loaded down like a pack mule
  yet again. By now she had wrapped herself in a new, canary yellow scarf and
  was pulling me through the crowd as if she were the proud owner of a prize
  bull.  
 As we pulled out of town, she held up item after item of her new wealth
  for my approval. I doubted if she had ever had a Christmas in her life. I rolled
  the window down, lit up a cigar and sat back to enjoy the breeze. When I ran
  my big hand up inside her thigh, she blushed but also gave me her prettiest
  smile.  
Driving back, we were passing a small mountain lake when, on an impulse,
  I ordered a stop. I told Juan to take the supplies to the hacienda and to return
  for us in two hours. Carrying a blanket and a bottle of Aguardiente, I had
  her follow me along the shore to a secluded little cove I had previously discovered.
  I spread out the blanket and made myself comfortable. She made to join me but
  I stopped her.  
"Cual es su nombre, muchacha?" I asked.  
"Estrella, Senor."  
Star. It was a name that suited her. She was a dark star. I quizzed her a
  bit more and learned that she was seventeen years old and one of a litter of
  eight.  
"Saque sus ropas, Estrella."  
She looked a bit shocked at being told to undress.  
"Desnuda!" I ordered again.  
This time she obeyed. She carefully folded her blouse and skirt and placed
  them neatly on the sand with that little scootching motion women use. The poor
  girl was embarrassed at having no underwear and she turned her back to me modestly.
  When she stepped out of her sandals she was naked.  
I made her put her hands on her head and turn slowly while I inspected her.
  She was short but well proportioned, without the squat, chunkiness of many
  Indio peasants. Her breasts were full, with wide areolai and fat brown nipples.
  Her muff matched her black hair but was not as abundant as Amparo's. The hair
  under her arms glistened with perspiration.  
I kneeled up on the blanket and beckoned her to me. I pulled her down in
  front of me and got her on all fours. My cock had been stiff on and off ever
  since she had first climbed in my back seat. Now it was so hard it ached. I
  dipped a finger in her to check her oil as it were. She was plenty wet and
  her hymen was not only intact but taut as a small drum head. She was nervous
  as a fresh mare and gave a little tremble when I eased my knob in. I came up
  against her barrier with a steady pressure and she started panting. I got a
  rodeo grip on her hips and drove in. She gave a loud snort and I felt her give
  a little inside. I backed out a bit and steadied her. The lust was high in
  me now. I cocked my hips and lunged forward with everything I had. As I sank
  all the way home she let out with a whinny and bucked like mad, trying to escape.
  I got one fist full of her mane and another full of tit and hung on. I kept
  it deep in her but remained still while she settled down. When I judged that
  it had gotten more comfortable for her, I got her going with some slow stroking.
  Satisfied that she was going to accept me, I let go of her tit and reached
  down near her clit. I played all around it, without actually touching it. The
  pain sounds ceased and she started lubricating again. I got a rocking motion
  going and soon she started talking to me.  
"Si, Patron, si! Tomeme! Tomeme!"  
She was begging me to take her. I went at her with a will. I wanted her to
  remember this first fuck so I held off as long as I could. Then it was time,
  she was moaning and I was panting. The backs of my legs were burning. I put
  a little corkscrew motion into my thrusts and began flicking her clit. When
  I felt her start to come, I paddled her ass till she screamed. I fell forward
  and would have thought I had died if I hadn't been able to feel myself squirting
  away inside her.  
When I got my breath back I told her to clean me off. She protested that
  her mouth didn't belong down where a man pissed. A shake by the hair shut that
  noise up and she licked and sucked the pink tinged cum from me. I realized
  this was all new to her, as the cornholed nun had once said to the priest,
  but with a little help, I was sure she would fit right in at Paloma Blanca.  
We had a swim and shared the bottle of brandy while we waited for Juan. He
  arrived on time and I had Estrella ride up front with him. She asked if I was
  angry with her. I assured her that I was not. In fact, I was very pleased with
  her but she needed to learn her place. She was, after all, only my cook and
  belonged up front with the help. I napped the rest of the way home.  
At home, the slaves, in fresh kimonos, were waiting with a drink and my slippers.
  I received a somewhat cool kiss of welcome. Amparo gave Estrella the once over
  and then turned a suspicious eye on me.  
"This is the new cook." I said casually, "Why don't you show her the kitchen
  and get her started, Darling?"  
She thought better of whatever it was she wanted to say and led the girl
  away. I was followed upstairs by the slaves and was soon enjoying a warm soak.
  It seemed to me that they were both slightly disappointed when their ministrations
  failed to arouse me.  
I had a fresh drink and was being massaged when Amparo rejoined me.  
" I suppose this young campesina  you've dragged home
  is still a virgin as well, eh?"  
"Not anymore," I admitted cheerfully, " but her oral technique leaves much
  to be desired. After you teach her your favorite recipes you must show her
  how to give one of your exquisite blow-jobs."  
She wanted to stay angry but my offhand attitude had disarmed her.  
"Maybe." She replied lightly, "Or maybe I will just stitch up all her peasant
  holes!"  
I burst out laughing and she had to grin back. I congratulated myself on
  how adroitly that hurdle had been cleared.  
"So where is the surprise you led me to expect?"  
I don't think you deserve a surprise any more." She teased.  
I put on a look of crestfallen disappointment and she relented.  
"Yes, of course, at dinner you shall have a surprise. Send the gringas  to
  me when you are finished with them."  
"Take them now." I told her, "I am fine."  
Left alone, I settled down out on the balcony. I sipped my drink and watched
  the sun sink and turn red. As dusk settled in, I closed my eyes and remembered
  the clasping slickness of young Estrella's cunt.  
I was brought awake by Amparo's feather like little licks upon my lips.  
"Dinner is served, mi amante."  
She led me into the dining room and the first thing I noticed was that my
  antique mahogany table had been replaced by an even longer table. Oak legs
  were visible under a tablecloth of red damask. Two places were set at either
  end with my finest dinnerware. A huge floral arrangement commanded the center
  of the table. A unique pair of candleholders flanked this on two sides. Rising
  up through the table, framed in garlands, were two cleft globes sporting long
  green wax tapers.  
As she lit the candles, I gave her a hand of well-deserved applause. She
  was using our slave's bottoms as table sconces. She took her seat and rang
  for Estrella to begin serving. I sat down and was unfolding my napkin when
  I felt my fly being unbuttoned. A hot mouth encircled me, which I recognized
  as belonging to Baby Pussy&hellip;or rather, Pobrecita, as she was now called.  
By god, by some contrivance she had them positioned with their faces between
  our legs and their keesters poking up through the table. I sent a wide smile
  across the long table and raised my glass to Amparo.  
"Thank you for a wonderful surprise, Darling. You have certainly put Martha
  Stewart to shame this evening! How did you ever manage this?"  
"After I saw your placemats, I designed it. They are strapped to a long bench
  down there and can barely move. The Don's carpenters could not understand why
  I wanted such a crazy table." She giggled, " When you sent me to ask if I could
  be with you, I started them on it. I insisted they work around the clock till
  it was ready. Mmm. Try the caviar, mi amante. It is not Beluga but it is not
  bad."  
Under the table I felt the lips tighten on my cock and heard a muffled groan.
  I noticed then that molten wax had begun to drip from the candles. I called
  for Estrella to pour more wine.  
The fortnight following our candlelit dinner drifted by in a haze of lazy
  pleasure. The use of an alarm clock had been abandoned. Amparo saw to it that
  the teasing mouth of either Rubia or Pobrecita now awakened me. She had them
  responding to her every command. I would have no hesitation about turning them
  over at the end of the week. They were ready to go. As for Estrella, she had
  little to learn about cooking from anyone. I am sure I would have gained weight
  eating at the tables she set, had I not been fucking away every calorie I consumed.
  What with either one or both of the slaves in the morning and my afternoon
  dalliances with Estrella, I was well exercised. Not to mention the sex machine
  I had brought to live with me. God help me if I didn't save out her nightly
  share of cum. She had me eating oysters as if they were popcorn.  
Many mornings, after she had given the slaves their workout, she would join
  me on horseback as I inspected the rancho. She noticed the various improvements
  I had made since acquiring the place. I was pleased at the interest she displayed.
  In the future I would be able to absent myself knowing that Paloma Blanca was
  in good hands.  
Like any foreigner doing business down south, I had been forced to find a
  silent partner. Mine was Colonel Raul Ortiz, who also commanded the local army
  garrison. Once a month he would show up and stuff himself at my board, after
  which I would offer to let him look over the Rancho's accounts. With a wave
  of one of my imported cigars, he would refuse and pocket the fat envelope I
  always handed him.  
When he arrived this time, I decided Amparo should meet the oily bastard,
  as she might have to handle his payoffs down the road. Out of delicacy I introduced
  her as my fianc&eacute;e.  
"The Colonel I are already aquainted." She informed me, as he was kissing
  her hand, "He and my father are old friends."  
I should have realized this would be the case. They chatted familiarly and
  exchanged local gossip while Estrella served the meal. I had ordered that the
  two American women be kept out of sight during his visit. I didn't want the
  greedy s.o.b. putting the bite on the real source of my income. As far as he
  knew, the only things Paloma Blanca produced were beef cattle and rodeo bulls
  and I wanted to keep it that way. I was relieved when he finally took his leave.
  As things were turning out so nicely, I had been giving more thought to marrying
  Amparo. If I were to do so, I would be able to shed this leech by making her
  my legal partner instead.  
After our siesta, Amparo told me she had arranged some entertainment for
  me. She led me into the living room and settled us on one of the sofas. She
  rang a little bell and Estrella appeared with drinks. Amparo then snapped her
  fingers and Estrella dropped to her knees and ducked her head up under Amparo's
  loose skirt. Smiling she leaned back against me and gave me little kiss while
  our cook began to pleasure her.  
"You didn't think I was going to let you keep the little puta   all
  to yourself did you, Mi Amante?"  
"Mi casa, es su casa!' I laughed, "You are welcome to share whatever I have."  
Keeping one hand on the back of the girl's head, she rang her little bell
  again with the other. Into the living room came Rubia on all fours. Her ass
  was sporting a tail of flowing horsehair that Amparo must have acquired from
  the stable. Her head was encased in a bridle with a bit in her mouth and her
  naked hide had been tinted with brown and white body paint in a pinto pattern.
  Rubia pranced around in a circle, making neighing sounds and giving her best
  impersonation of a spirited little horse.  
"How do you like our mare, Mi Amante?" Amparo laughed.  
"Splendid! You are too much. I love it."  
As clapped my hands in appreciation of her exhibition, the little bell rang
  again. Into the room galloped Pobrecita. She was adorned with her own horsehair
  tail and her body had been painted a shiny black. A long black cock, shining
  with lube, was strapped to her loins. It bobbed up and down between her legs
  as she snorted and pawed the air. It was obvious that she was the stallion
  in this drama that Amparo had produced.  
As I watched with great amusement, the 'stallion' also got down on her hands
  and knees and began sniffing the 'mare'. After rooting around under each other's
  tails with a great deal of snorting and whinnying at one another, Pobrecita
  reared up behind Rubia. She thrust her hips wildly in an attempt to penetrate
  the gaping cunt being presented to her. After several of her attempts failed,
  Amparo thrust Estrella's face into my crotch with an irritated sigh and jumped
  up to help them. Grasping the shiny black cock, she started it into the 'mare's'
  now eager opening. Sure that it was well started, she surprised the 'stallion'
  with a full, swinging crack on her ass. The girl lunged forward with a squeal,
  burying the fake cock all the way to her mother's womb.  
Now with her extension firmly embedded, the girl began stroking into the
  loins in front of her in earnest. The woman must have been getting the fuck
  she had yearned for all her life because she completely forgot herself. Forgot
  the fact that she was supposed to be acting the part of a horse. Forgot even
  that she was a slave. She forgot every thing but the huge, slick pole that
  was assaulting her clasping, hungry cunt.  
She was moaning with pleasure. The girl's thrusts grew wilder as she became
  excited by her mother's wanton behavior. The woman began to chant in time with
  the thing that was churning in and out of her.  
"Oh yeah! Do..Me! Do..Me! Do..it..to..me!"  
The girl leaned forward behind her mother's ear, demanding,  
"You like being fucked by your little girl, don't you, Mom. You like the
  fact that they've turned us into sluts, don't you, Mom. You like me fucking
  you in the hole I came out of, don't you, Mom?"  
She punctuated each humiliating question with harder and harder thrusts.
  The sound of the girl's voice mouthing those incestuous accusations sent the
  woman into a convulsive orgasm.  
"AHHHH! YES! ERICA, FUCK ME! PLEASE..FUCK..ME, ERICA!  
Hearing this, the girl began twitching and coming along with her until she
  collapsed in a heap atop her mother's prostrate body. By now I had a death
  grip on sides of Estrella's head and had pulled her mouth hard against me in
  an effort to fuck her all the way to her tonsils. I could feel the knob of
  my cock scraping back and forth over the ridges in her throat. Amparo was running
  her wet tongue around in my ear and murmuring,  
"Yes, Mi Amante, make her swallow you. Drown her with your cum."  
I growled like a crazed beast when I finally emptied my balls down her gullet.  
That evening Estrella served us an unpretentious meal by the pool. The slaves
  had both received a thrashing and been banished back to their cells for the
  night. Amparo had been displeased that had used the names from their former
  life. The fact that their slip had occurred in the throes of passion did not
  mitigate the offence.  
As we ate Amparo quizzed me about our coming rendezvous with my Argentinean
  client. I explained that we would meet the lady in her hotel suite and present
  her with her new toys there.  
"Is it wise have them with us in public?" she asked.  
"You don't think you can have them completely cowed and docile by then?" I
  queried.  
"Oh they will be docile enough. I guarantee it. I was more worried about
  the off chance of them being recognized. Surely they have been posted as missing
  by now."  
"I have been watching the internet. There were a couple of articles in their
  hometown paper. I am sure a query was sent to Mexico but there has been no
  broad hue and cry. They are two of many that have disappeared. The world is
  too busy to miss anyone's absence for very long."  
"I will dress them in dark wigs and sunglasses anyway."  
I complimented her on this touch of thoroughness. I was happy that she was
  so meticulous. A female accomplice with her intelligence would be a very useful
  lure.  
"How much are they worth, Mi Amante?"  
"I was wondering when your avarice would overtake your lust. That little
  bit of information shall remain my business, don't worry though, I will use
  plenty of it to spoil you."  
"Come on, tell me. I am curious what someone will pay for this." She persisted.  
"Between 50 and 100 K. It depends on the difficulty, their specifications
  and many other things. Some clients have even sent me exact measurements. Of
  course, virginity is highly prized."  
As I said this, it reminded me of something I had wondered about off and
  on. To whom had she given her virginity? She had confessed having been uncontrollable
  while away at school in Europe. Still, my curiosity nagged me. Even though
  a woman gives all of herself to a man, there is always that tiny bit of him
  that is pissed off at not having been her first.  
"And these two? How much is the old lady from Argentina willing to part with
  for them?"  
"You are like a dog worrying a bone, woman! What will you give me if I tell
  you?" I teased.  
"You already have all of me, Mi Amante. I have nothing left to offer."  
" I will tell you &hellip;if you tell me who it was who took your virginity." I
  bargained.  
"Are you jealous of this?"  
"Of course not." I denied, "Just curious."  
"Nooo! You are jealous!" she accused impishly.  
"Never mind. Es no importante." I said dismissively.  
"No. It's a deal. I will tell you. Now how much are we going to get for our  gringas  ?"  
"110 K for the pair. There! Are you happy now?"  
"Si. I am 110 times happy!" she laughed.  
"Your turn." I said.  
"When I tell you&hellip;you will be shocked."  
I waited for her to continue but she stood up instead and stripped off her
  clothes. She kneeled between my thighs and undid my fly. She fished out my
  cock soon had it swollen.  
"Well?" I asked, "Are you going to tell me?"  
She looked up at me tauntingly and ran her tongue over her lips.  
"The man who fucked me the first time was Don Ricardo de Recalde." She said
  matter of factly.  
"Your father?" I said unbelievingly.  
Her only answer was to lower the wet cave of her mouth down over me. My reaction
  to her revelation was tainted by the more demanding sensations she was busy
  arousing. No wonder she was such a wanton piece of business. A vision of her
  as a girl in the clutches the horny old Don made me even harder. I closed my
  eyes and gave myself over to the trip her expert technique was taking me on.  
The day of our appointment with Senora Alvarez had arrived. After Amparo
  had dressed our slaves in skirts and blouses, she insisted on disguising them.
  Behind their shades and with long brunette hair, I would not have recognized
  them in passing.  
I carefully instructed them as to their behavior upon meeting their new owner.
  I warned them that any disobedience would be fatal. Thanks to Amparo's assistance
  these two had been conditioned in record time.  
As soon as we were airborne Amparo surprised me by asking to take over the
  controls. My plane was a 2001 Cessna model 172 with dual controls. I assumed
  she just wanted to try something new, so I started to explain the controls.
  She said she already knew how everything worked. I went ahead and activated
  her grips but stayed ready to take it over if anything went amiss. She flew
  smoothly though. I suggested that she let me line it out for Guatemala City
  but as we came out of the mountain pass, she banked us right onto our new heading.  
"How many hours in the air have you had?" I asked in surprise.  
"The pilot who dusts my father's crops taught me." She laughed.  
"He did a good job." I complimented her.  
"Can I land it?"  
Not completely convinced, I told her that I would land us. She pouted and
  stuck her tongue out at me. I landed at a small airstrip just outside Guatemala
  City, or G.C. as most ex-pats referred to it with varying degrees of disaffection.
  In my opinion it was just another hellhole of a tourist trap. I hired a driver
  and his beat up Mercedes for the duration of our stay.  
The two slaves sat on either side of Amparo in the rear seat, while I suffered
  up front amid the odor of sour garlic emanating from the driver's pores. It
  was a tossup as to whether the slaves were more nervous about meeting their
  new mistress or our driver's attempts to give us a heart attack on our way
  into the city. His attention was equally divided between constantly adjusting
  the dial on his radio and shaking his fist at every other driver on the road.
  The guidance of the Mercedes was pretty much left in the hands of God.  
Eventually, the driver managed to fight his way to our destination at the
  El Conquistador. I ordered him to wait nearby and we gratefully escaped into
  the air-conditioned lobby. I led the way up to the penthouse suite. A beautiful
  mulatto girl in a French maid's uniform opened the door and showed us into
  a sitting room before silently departing.  
 Senora Alvarez was reclining on an over-sized leather couch. She did not
  rise to greet us. The silk caftan she wore was emblazoned with bright oriental
  peacocks. She was one of those pampered women who manage to look good even
  at sixty some odd. Only the thin texture of her skin hinted at her true age.
  Immediately upon entering the room, Amparo had snapped her fingers and the
  two slaves had removed their wigs and sunglasses. They dropped to their knees
  with lowered heads and placed their hands behind their backs. Senora Alvarez
  ignored them and lifted her hand to me.  
"Ah, Steven! It is so nice to see you again."  
I kissed her offered hand and inquired after the health of her husband, Hector.  
"He is strong as a horse. He will turn 75 in four days and I am sure he will
  love my two presents" she chuckled throatily.  
I then stood back and introduced Amparo to her as my fianc&eacute;e. My little
  lie was becoming a habit  
"You are lovely, my dear." She complimented Amparo, " Steven, I am so happy
  for the two of you. Perhaps Hector and I will be free if you plan on inviting
  us to the wedding."  
"Nothing would please me more, Senora." I assured her.  
It was all pretence of course. If there ever were a wedding, I would not
  invite them and if I did they would find some reason to be busy. In her eyes
  I was still a tradesman of sorts. If it suited her to pretend that this transaction
  was a social occasion, I would play along. All of these fabulously wealthy
  people were never sure they still had an ass unless it was being kissed.  
"Are those my new pets, Steven?" she asked at last.  
"Yes and I am sure they will please you."  
"I am sure they will too. What are their names?"  
"They really have no names, Senora. I felt that should be left up to you."  
"How considerate of you, Steven. Raise your faces, my pets, so I can have
  a look at you."  
Still kneeling, they looked up at their new owner, blushing prettily as they
  watched her inspecting them.  
"Oh yes." She breathed, "Hector is going to be very happy. They are both
  gorgeous. Let's see what shall I call the two of you? Come over here to me,
  my dears."  
While Amparo and I looked on impassively, the two obediently knee-walked
  over to the couch. Using one hand for each, Senora Alvarez deftly worked her
  way down the two sets of buttons. With a light touch she drew apart their blouses
  and feasted her eyes on their breasts. She took one of each of their nipples
  and delicately rolled them between a thumb and forefinger, sampling their texture.
  Then, tightening up on each nipple, she lifted their breasts and held them
  suspended from their tips. She increased the pressure of her grip until she
  was rewarded by two short gasps of pain. Senora Alvarez smiled at the sound
  of their discomfort and opened her fingers, watching raptly as their released
  breasts settled back onto their chests.  
"What delicious nips you both have. My husband will love chewing on them.
  Stand up and drop your skirts. I want to have a peek between your legs."  
While they had grown comfortable with their nudity around us, I could see
  that this intimate examination by a strange new owner was embarrassing them.
  They did as they were bidden though and soon stood naked before her.  
"Spread your legs, my dears, and hold your cunnys open for me." She instructed.  
For some reason, both of them focussed their eyes on me as they reached down
  and pulled the lips of their cunts apart. Holding my gaze must have comforted
  them as they held themselves wide and exposed to the older woman's prying eyes.
  Senora Alvarez slowly insinuated a questing finger into each of them. She took
  her time with this and as her exploration became prolonged, the shame in the
  two women's eyes deepened. I almost felt a twinge of sympathy for them.  
Senora Alvarez made a small sound of satisfaction when she encountered the
  girl's hymen. She frigged in and out of them until the squishy sounds she was
  creating were audible to everyone in the room. The pair began to twitch with
  arousal in spite of themselves. At last Senora Alvarez withdrew her fingers.
  They were shiny and dripping with the juices she had collected. She held them,
  one at a time, to her aristocratic nostrils and inhaled deeply. She then shut
  her eyes and closed her mouth over the fingers. Pulling at them greedily, as
  if sucking honey from a comb. She didn't open her eyes until she had savored
  the last of their taste.  
With a small gesture she ordered them to turn around.  
"Bend forward and hold your bottoms open for me now"  
Again they complied .I could see their fingers whiten as they grasped their
  asscheeks and pried them apart revealing their crinkled anuses for the Senora's
  inspection.  
She inserted the tip of a finger into each of their small brown holes and
  tickled them until the little rings of muscle gave her fingers an answering
  squeeze. Satisfied, she left off playing with them and bid them kneel again.  
"Are you looking forward to giving your cherry to my husband, girl?" she
  asked.  
"Yyes, Mistress." came the stammered reply.  
"Good. I think we shall call you, Cherry. Yes, definitely. Cherry. As for
  your mother&hellip;she has a sweet, heart-shaped bum, so I will call her Valentine "  
As Amparo and I watched, Senora Alvarez sat up and opened her caftan. Her
  body was not bad, I thought, considering her age. She parted her thighs, revealing
  a trimmed pubic patch that was flecked with gray.  
"Come here, Cherry."  
The newly named Cherry leaned forward and Senora Alvarez guided the girl's
  face down onto her waiting cunt. She looked over at us and smiled.  
"I've been saving this for them. I'm glad you were punctual or it would have
  gotten uncomfortable."  
She slid her self down on the couch and tipped her pelvis up. Her lower legs
  came up on her toes and her calf muscles took her weight.  
"Cherry, be a good girl and use your lips to form a seal over my pussy. I'll
  be very angry if you make me stain the couch."  
With no further ado the Senora released her bladder into the girl's mouth.
  As we watched the girl busily swallowing in an effort to keep up with her Mistress's
  flow, I elbowed Amparo.  
"I told you so." I whispered.  
Amparo had to suppress a giggle. About then, Senora Alvarez pulled the choking
  girl from her loins and waved her mother forward.  
"Hurry, Valentine! Get down here and get the rest of it." She demanded.  
The Senora must have been regulating herself at first, because as soon as
  her other slave's face was in place, she groaned and let go all control. The
  mouth beneath her was forced to gobble frantically to consume the torrent of
  piss that poured forth.  
After she was completely empty, the Senora sighed with contentment and sat
  back from the damp face between her thighs.  
"Well Steven, I shan't keep you two lovebirds any longer. I am very pleased.
  Thank you both for stopping by. It was lovely meeting you, Amparo."  
Without so much as a glance at the two women whose lives we had changed forever,
  we said our farewells and took our leave.  
Amparo and I took a suite in another hotel. Senora Alvarez's exhibition of
  lust had put us both in the mood and we fucked our way into the siesta hour.
  There was no finesse this time. The woman just mounted and rode me. As we went
  into the home stretch she hammered me with her heels like some crazed jockey
  driving a Triple Crown winner to the wire. When she finally toppled off me,
  we lay atop the sheets, waiting in vain for the lazy ceiling fan to cool our
  sweat-drenched bodies. On my back, I was staring up through the spinning blades
  when Amparo reached out and stroked my brow.  
"I miss them already." She said.  
"You mustn't allow yourself to become attached to them." I reminded her.  
"Oh, I don't miss them in that way. I mean I miss having the power over someone.
  How soon can we go and capture some more?" she asked eagerly.  
"As a matter of fact I have been negotiating with a new client over the past
  week and we have come to terms. He wants an oriental girl. Preferably Chinese
  and no older than 18."  
" This is wonderful! When can we start?"  
"We will fly up to Mexico tomorrow and begin trolling the tourist beaches.
  It may take some time to locate exactly what we are looking for." I told her.  
"It will be like an un-married honeymoon." She enthused.  
I had to admit to myself that it would be fun. My life up until now would
  probably be considered exciting by the uninitiated. In point of fact it had
  often been a lonely and tedious affair.  
The following morning we took off from La Aurora airport. It was just over
  800 kilometers to Tulum, Mexico, on the Yucatan coast. We would begin our search
  there and work our way north toward Cancun. This stretch of coast is known
  as the Mayan Riviera. There are a dozen small resorts along the way. At any
  one of them we might find the perfect girl. The brawny 160 H.P. Lycoming under
  the Cessna's cowling had us cruising at 110 knots in clear weather. Even so
  it would be a four-hour flight.  
Out of the mountains and over the coastal plain until I could follow the
  Caribbean Coast. It was a beautiful route. All the filth, bugs and sweat down
  below, were invisible from 2000 feet. I dropped down on the final leg to allow
  Amparo to enjoy the scenery. The emerald verdure of the jungle stretched off
  into infinity on our left. Directly below us a turquoise sea hurled lazy white
  ropes onto the sand and rocks along the shore. Off to our right the aqua deepened
  to a sapphire blue, strewn with billions of sun diamonds all the way to the
  horizon. We flew in silence. Idle conversation would have been an insult to
  the splendor of the view.  
This time I rented a car. I took it for a month so that I could return it
  at my convenience. We checked into a room and set up on the beach like a typical
  couple on vacation. There were all manner of attractive young girls and women
  frolicking in the surf and sand but over two days we saw not a single oriental.  
Amparo became slightly frustrated but I had warned her that this part of
  the business was often time consuming. Patience was a primary tool of the trade.
  On the third day we moved up the coast to Akumal and repeated the process.  
Shortly after we arrived there we had a moment's excitement but it was a
  false start. The Orientals we came across turned out to be Japanese. The typical
  Japanese leg, it seemed, was not deemed shapely by the respectable Herr Hoffman's
  standards. In a certain mood, I had often enjoyed the plump, dimpled limbs
  that had been parted for me by the women of Japan.  
 Even if we had wanted to take one, it would have been difficult. They hovered
  together like a tour group. Isolating one would have been like trying to pluck
  a baby gazelle from the shelter of the herd without causing a stampede. We
  gave up on Akumal and moved all the way up to Playa del Carmen, opposite the
  island of Cozumel.  
This was a larger resort and it catered to a younger crowd. I felt optimistic
  as soon as I saw the place and the feeling was soon justified. We were grabbing
  a bite at one of the taquerias along the beach when we saw a girl who just
  might fill the bill. A slender thing she was, and quite tall for an Asian.
  I could not be certain that she was Chinese. She did have the high cheekbones
  and defined features associated with the northern provinces of China though,
  so I was hopeful.  
She spread a towel on the sand and settled down with a book. We kept our
  distance and moved off to one side. I located us just behind her peripheral
  vision and swept casually back and forth along the beach with my binoculars.
  Without seeming to pause on her I was able to get a closer look. The first
  thing I noticed was that her book was in English. That would simplify matters.
  She had a head of long, straight black hair. It was so fine that even the light
  breeze kept floating strands of it across her eyes. It was interrupting her
  reading and after a few tosses of her head she gave up on the book and began
  oiling herself. Her smooth skin had tanned to a toasted saffron shade.  
Amparo, who also had been surreptitiously studying our prey, leaned close
  to my ear.  
"I want her." She growled.  
"Patience, mis pequenos tigress." I murmured.  
 She lay back under a sheen of coconut oil and it was easy to see why Amparo
  was so aroused. A very brief chocolate colored bikini gave an illusion of nakedness.
  Her breasts were almost non-existent but her nipples were prominent through
  the material of her top. The rise and fall of her ribcage sloped down to a
  flat belly, where a tiny ornament of some sort winked from her navel. Her hipbones
  pulled her thong taut over a nicely rounded pubic mound.  
After a bit she turned over and unknowingly allowed us to appreciate her
  backside. The shallow valley between her shoulder blades led my eyes down the
  length of her back. The rise of her rump was firm and inviting. As I watched,
  she bent her shapely legs and folded them back until her heels rested on her
  buttocks and then extended them again. She idly repeated this little exercise
  and I wondered if the young minx might not be rubbing her little pussy against
  the sand.  
When at last she gathered up her stuff, we followed her, making sure that
  she took no notice of us. She led us to a strip of run down motels, all of
  which seemed to be packed with young people. The rush of Spring break had passed
  but there was always a raft of students who hung on into the summer.  
The place she was staying at was full up. Amparo told the desk clerk that
  every place was full and she was desperate for a room. No amount of guile or
  pleading on her part swayed him. He had heard too many hard luck stories. A
  fifty-dollar bribe, however, got someone's reservation misplaced and secured
  her a room there.  
Back at our own hotel, we devised our strategy. We would use the Mayan Air
  Charter ploy again but Amparo would make the contact while I stayed in the
  background. Amparo packed her valise and took a taxi back to her new room.
  She would observe things there and learn what she could about our target.  
I joined Amparo for breakfast the next morning. She informed me that the
  girl was down here with a girlfriend. This was a major complication. I asked
  if there would be any profit in taking them together. She said definitely not.
  The other girl had some sort of infirmity and was wearing a leg brace. It was
  obvious that Amparo would have to strike up a friendship with the girls if
  we were going to learn any more.  
That afternoon Amparo trailed the pair of them to the beach and I followed
  behind her. Once they had ensconced themselves on the sand, Amparo strolled
  over and unrolled her towel near them. Paying them no heed, she stripped down
  to her bikini. I sat at the bar of a beach hut where I could see how things
  went.  
 Amparo began applying her suntan lotion and when she got to her back she
  pretended to be unable to reach the area between her shoulder blades. A casual
  request for help from the girls brought the Asian over to her. Amparo said
  something and the girl laughed. They must have invited her to join them, for
  she moved her stuff alongside theirs. Soon they were chattering and giggling
  together as if they had known each other their whole lives. I smiled and left
  for the comfort of the air-conditioned hotel bar.  
In the evening, as arranged, I met with Amparo. It was a hurried briefing,
  as she had to rush back. She was going clubbing with her new girlfriends. I
  warned her not to draw any attention to herself over the course of the evening
  and to speak only English. On the off chance that questions were ever asked,
  I didn't want some bartender remembering her.  
The good news was that the crippled girl was departing tomorrow. Our girl
  wanted to stay and was eager when Amparo had offered to switch rooms and save
  them both some money. The girl's name was Huang Mei Yan. She was American born
  of Chinese parents. She had grown up in San Francisco but was going to college
  in San Diego. I was going to order drinks but Amparo glanced at her watch and
  got up from the table. She gave me a quick kiss and departed  
So far things were falling into place very nicely. Mei Yan it was a beautiful
  name. I thought how ironic it was that we had found Mei Yan on the Mayan Riviera.
  The Chinese always put the surname first. I looked up the chops for her name
  in the Text of Compiled Chinese Culture I had brought along. Huang translated
  as 'bright', Mei as pretty and Yan as sexy. Could we have asked for a better
  omen? I thought not.  
The following day the friend was seen off at the airport and Mei Yan and
  Amparo spent the afternoon browsing through the Mercado Publico  .
  Even though she was pretending to be on a student's budget, Amparo insisted
  on buying them matching skirts of native weave batiked with bright Indio designs.
  It was a devious little prod to the bonding process. I admired the Machiavellian
  machinations of Amparo's mind. She would have made a great con artist.  
 When we got together that evening, she assured me that she had Mei Yan eating
  out of her hand. I gave her some post cards and told her write several of them
  to imaginary friends and relatives and to get Mei Lei to do the same. Amparo
  should offer to post them the following morning but keep them instead. I would
  mail them from Mexico at later intervals to delay any alarm. By the time she
  was missed our trail would be colder than last winter.  
 It was time for me to play the part of charter pilot again. We decided that
  Amparo would 'win' two free tickets for a sight seeing flight. Amparo would
  get the girl to a bistro in one of the busier hotels for lunch where I would
  stage a drawing. It would be natural for her to ask Mei Yan to share her good
  fortune. I told her to be sure not to allow Mei Yan to mail anything or make
  any last minute phone calls before we got her in the car and on the way to
  the plane. She would have to stick to her like glue.  
The following day I was circulating from table to table passing out tickets
  for a free drawing. I explained the freebie as an advertising ploy to stimulate
  business by word of mouth. They walked in and sat down at eleven a.m.. Right
  on time. What a girl, I thought, she made every thing so smooth. I gave my
  spiel and handed each of them half a ticket and palmed Amparo's number. Ten
  minutes later I made a big show of drawing a winner out of my aviator's cap.
  Amparo squealed and clapped her hands when I called out her number. I stopped
  by their table and informed Amparo that transportation to and from the plane
  was included for herself and whomever she chose to accompany her. I told her
  I would have a car waiting outside the hotel and that the flight was scheduled
  for one p.m..  
"My goodness, I don't know. This is so sudden. How long would we be?" she
  questioned.  
"We should have you back by four, Ma'am." I assured her courteously.  
"What do you say, Mei Yan? Are you game?" she asked the girl.  
"You want me to go too? Thank you, Amparo. I think it sounds cool."  
Outside, I held the rear door for them and then got behind the wheel. I apologized
  for the fact that the car's a.c. was not working and we baked on the drive
  out to the airstrip. They were both so grateful when I offered them bottles
  of iced cold juice.  
"I have one orange and one apple. Who wants which?" I asked.  
"The apple please. I'm allergic to orange." Amparo answered quickly.  
They downed the juice thirstily and passed back the bottles. We got to the
  plane and I soon had them belted in. I took my time going through my flight
  check. Mei Yan's head began to nod. I made some excuse about something I had
  forgotten in the car and climbed out of the plane.  
Fifteen minutes later I stuck my head I stuck my head in and Amparo grinned
  at me.  
"She's out. Huh?"  
By way of answer Amparo grasped the unconscious girl's chin and moved it
  up and down, mimicking Mei Yan's voice, as if a ventriloquist's dummy was talking.  
"Would Sir like Mei Yan to suck his cock?" the dummy asked.  
We both burst out laughing and she rushed to give me a long congratulatory
  kiss.  
 My stuff was already packed but I had to I send Amparo back to gather up
  both their stuff and check them out of the motel. She was back with everything
  quickly and I was ready to take off. Before she would let us go, she insisted
  that I take a picture of her with her first capture. I humored her and got
  out my camera. Amparo took a fistful of the long, silky hair and used it to
  lift the girl's face. Smiling into the lens, like a crazed headhunter, she
  snaked out her tongue gave Mei Yan's cheek a long, wet lick.  
With that bizarre scene duly recorded I was allowed to get us airborne. On
  the way back we had a tailwind, which I hoped might shorten the trip by an
  hour. We were both impatient to introduce Mei Yan to Rancho Paloma Blanca and
  her new life.  
As I descended toward the landing strip at Paloma Blanca I decided to satisfy
  my curiosity and let her land us. What the hell, in my pocket was a ring I
  had snuck away to purchase before we left the resort. I intended to propose
  to her. I thought that in bed, while she was enjoying the afterglow of our
  lovemaking would be the perfect moment to ask her. Having made up my mind to
  marry her, I might as well put our lives in her hands.  
I needn't have worried, her landing was textbook. She really was a pilot.
  What a bonus. There seemed to be no end to her surprises. I complimented her
  over the noise of the growling prop as she taxied to the hanger. She smiled
  back and gave me a thumbs up. While she shut down the engine, I threw a blanket
  over our new acquisition.  
The ever faithful Carlos was on hand to help me garage the plane. I was in
  a fine mood so I slipped him 20.00 U.S. as a little bonus. He gave me kind
  of a funny look before he took off. I try not to spoil the help, so my unusual
  generosity must have startled him.  
While Amparo gathered up Mei Yan's's things, I maneuvered her limp body out
  of the plane and hefted her onto my shoulder. I was anxious to get up to the
  hacienda with Amparo so I headed straight for the cellblock with her. Amparo
  stopped me though.  
"Put her on the examination table, amor mio, I want to play with her."  
"Let's get up to the house and you can play with me instead." I urged her.  
"But I have been looking forward to this moment ever since we took her. I
  want watch her eyes as they fill with the knowledge that she is mine."  
"Ours." I corrected her.  
"Yes, mi amor, ours. Please, let me wake her now. You'll see, it will be
  fun."  
"Oh alright, if it pleases you. Go ahead and strap her down."  
It was getting too hard to say no to her. I decided that once we were married,
  a short session on the receiving end of the buggy whip would do Amparo some
  good as well. Women, even a fine woman like Amparo, should all be born with
  a label reading: 'Some attitude adjustment required'.  
Amparo had Mei Yan strapped down and spread-eagled on her back. Her pelvis
  was raised radically and her head hung down off the end of the table. With
  a length of rope and a vice clamp she had tethered the girl's long, ebony hair
  to a floor ring. Unable to raise her head, her slender saffron colored throat
  was exposed as though waiting for the sacrificial blade.  
Mai Yan was wearing only a pair of shorts and a tube top. Amparo's razor
  sharp Gerber made short work of those. A sports bra and a white thong followed.
  I helped her by slipping the sandals from her feet. I noticed for the first
  time that she had done her toenails in metallic green. I slipped a delicate
  toe ring from her right foot and she was completely nude except for the small
  emerald in her navel.  
I retreated to the shadows and settled into my recliner to watch Amparo work.  
She snapped an amyl nitrate capsule and held it to the sleeping girl's nostrils.
  It brought her around. She was groggy and completely disoriented. Amparo gave
  her another whiff. She tried in vain to escape the fumes but she had no freedom
  of movement. Between the stimulant and the panic of feeling paralyzed she came
  fully awake.  
The first thing that came into focus for her was Amparo's face, only inches
  from her own.  
"Amparo! What has happened? Help me! I can't move."  
The only help she got was a sharp slap to her right cheek and a backhand
  to her left on the return.  
"Ouch! Oww! Amparo you're hurting me!"  
Two more slaps. As I expected, the tears welled out of her almond shaped
  eyes and down over her forehead.  
"Listen to me, you slimy&hellip; little&hellip; yellow&hellip; cunt! You
  are not allowed to say Amparo. You will call me Mistress!"  
"But Amparo.."  
SLAP! SLAP!  
Yes, All right! You are Mistress! Please stop hitting me!"  
"Shut up and listen to me. You belong to me now. I have taken you. Your name
  is no longer Mei Yan. Your new name is Baby Pussy."  
The girl was very small busted and on her back, her breasts all but disappeared.
  Just as Herr Hoffman had requested, I smiled. Her nipples, however, were quite
  prominent. They were almost an inch long and stuck up from her flat, little
  chest like stubby, tan dowels. Still staring into the girl's eyes, Amparo began
  to toy with those nipples.  
"Please, don't do that, Amparo..AIIIE!"  
Amparo had twisted her nubs and jerked them so hard that I half expected
  them to come loose from the girl's tortured chest.  
"What is my name, Baby Pussy?"  
"I'm s.s.sorry&hellip;M.m.mistress!" she sobbed.  
"That's a good little slave." Amparo purred, "And what is your stupid name?"  
"Mei..I mean..B.baby Pussy."  
"Very good. Now I want you to listen carefully to me. There are only two
  rules you must learn. The first is that you speak only when spoken to and you
  always address me as Mistress. The second is that you obey immediately and
  without question, any order that I give you. Now, do you understand the rules?"  
"Yyes..Mistress."  
"Good. Then if I give you a little test you should pass with flying colors.
  No?"  
Amparo backed away and unhooked her skirt. She let it drop and quickly peeled
  off her panties. She moved forward with her feet turned out until her anus
  rested on the girl's upturned nose. With her fingers, she parted her nether
  lips and stood with her open cunt presented to the girl's mouth.  
"Come now, Baby Pussy, put your tongue up inside my concha  .
  Give your Mistress pleasure."  
The shame and humiliation of what was being demanded of her was too much
  for the young girl. Instead of complying she went into a fit of sobbing. Her
  flat belly sucking in and out and her ribs heaving as she sobbed into her Mistress's
  waiting cunt. With a sigh of impatience, Amparo lifted her ass off of the girl's
  snuffling nose. She found her knife beside the table and held its gleaming
  blade before her victim's eyes.  
" Do you see this? Do you see how sharp is this little knife of mine?"  
" Yes&hellip;Mistress." The girl managed to whisper.  
Amparo leaned over the girl's chest, seized her right nipple and stretched
  it taut. Then without flinching she sliced her own thumb until her blood flowed.
  She reversed the knife and drew its back edge across the base of the elongated
  nipple. Absolutely convinced that the tip of her tit was being sliced off,
  the girl went into a spasm of hysterical screaming. Amparo allowed the little
  cylinder of flesh to slip from her fingers. She waited until the screaming
  shrank to mere shuddering.  
With a smile of pure evil she waved her bloody, dripping fingers in front
  of the poor girl's eyes.  
"You failed the test, Baby Pussy. You forgot rule number two. Now you only
  have one nipple. I like you though, so I am going to give you a make up test.
  I hope for your other nipple's sake that you pass this time."  
Amparo again roosted on the upturned face of the now completely terrorized
  young girl.  
"Now give your Mistress her pleasure, Baby Pussy!" she commanded.  
This time there was no hesitation. The little Asian beauty strove with every
  fiber of her being to please her Mistress. Amparo grasped the little China
  doll by her ears and drove her pussy down over a tongue straining to meet her.
  She rode the girl's face until I was sure she would smother her. Finally she
  ground herself down one last, shuddering time and flooded her slave's mouth
  with her juices. With a sigh of contentment she backed away from the conquered
  girl's slimy cheeks.  
 As I watched our new Baby Pussy gasping for breath, I had to admit that
  Amparo's performance had been first rate. Seeing her in action had made my
  cock rock-hard and I could not wait to get her up in my bed and I told her
  so.  
"Let us go then, mi amor. Tonight I have another surprise for you. The biggest
  yet. We will leave her as she is for the night"  
As a final touch she snatched her panties from the floor and wadded them
  into the girl's mouth.  
"Here. Get used to my taste, little one."  
With her promise of another surprise, I had to smile. We would see who was
  surprised when I showed her the ring. All this and the randy state she had
  gotten me in made me almost forgot to lock the hanger. We walked to the house
  arm in arm. I had to imagine that she was even more pleased with the success
  of our mission than I was. After all it had been a first for her. She was whistling
  all the way to door.  
When we entered the house, I was amazed to find her father, Don de Recalde
  and Colonel Ortiz waiting for us. I was not pleased at this unannounced visit.
  With the plans I had for the evening I was in no mood for company.  
"Welcome home Steven&hellip;or should I call you Mr. Peter Crenshaw. That
  is your real name, is I not?" Don de Recalde greeted me.  
No one in Guatemala knew me as anyone other than Steven Dore. I looked from
  him to Colonel Ortiz, who was standing behind him with a mouthful of grinning
  gold teeth. I didn't know what the game was but the fact that they had addressed
  me by my real name didn't bode well.  
"Oh, you are surprised, eh? Yes, we know all about you now."  
As he said this he beckoned to Amparo.  
"Come and give me a kiss, my little dove."  
Amparo moved past me and threw her arms around the Don. The kiss she gave
  him was not that of a daughter. She turned around, leaned back into his arms
  and gave me her little girl pouting look. Everything fell into place then.
  I must have had a pretty stupid expression on my face, because she suddenly
  let out a merry little burst of laughter.  
"Your ego has been your worst enemy, Mr. Crenshaw. You were crazy to believe
  that you are so irresistible. In this country no man of honor would allow his
  daughter to become some gringo's plaything. Amparo has been my mistress since
  she was a girl of twelve. I bought her for less than you paid for the little
  cook. I realized early on that she is a quick study, so sent her to an excellent
  school in Spain. Now it appears that I shall recoup my investment. I missed
  her hot, hairy concha   badly while she was here investigating
  your little operation."  
"So you've been playing me for a patsy from the beginning, you bitch. What
  a chump I am. I was actually planning to ask you to marry me! "  
The thought of the idiotic ring in my pocket made the bile rise in my throat.
  God what I would have given for a gun. I wanted desperately to put a hole right
  between her laughing, lying eyes.  
"Not only did you teach her how your operation works," the Don continued, " but
  you gave her plenty of time to get into your computer and your papers. We know
  everything now."  
"What made you want to sic your bitch on me in the first place?"  
"Your man Carlos was not happy with his small wage. He suspected that you
  were involved in dope smuggling. Since that is my business, he came to me with
  this information. Of course I gave him a reward."  
Good old, loyal Carlos I thought to myself sadly. I should have known that
  every one of these poor, threadbare bastards down here would sell their mother
  for Q 20.00. Hadn't Estrella's father had sold his own daughter for a pittance.  
"So now that you see its not dope, you and I shouldn't have a problem. Right?"  
"When Amparo told me what was really going on, I had to call my old friend
  the Colonel to find out if he was your partner in this. You can imagine his
  distress and shock at having been made an unwitting accomplice in this sordid
  business of yours. He was even more upset about being an unpaid accomplice."  
Colonel Ortiz gave me a look of mock reproach and grinned even more widely.
  I said nothing while I waited for the other shoe to drop.  
"We put our heads together with Amparo and came up with our little Plan.
  We are sure that the distribution of profits from Paloma Blanca will now be
  more&hellip;how do you say?&hellip;equitable."  
"Okay. You have me over a barrel. How much do you want?" I asked.  
"How much, mi amor?" Amparo laughed, "Why&hellip; all of it. As you once
  told me yourself, mi amor, for us&hellip; the pleasure is in the taking."  
"You must all be crazy. What about the new girl in the hanger? She is worthless
  without my contacts. None of this works without me."  
In answer to this he pulled my little black book from his pocket and waved
  it at me.  
"We have the contacts." The Don explained mockingly, "Each of these illustrious
  clients will receive a medallion. A sculpted white winged dove in solid gold
  along with a magnum of Dom Perignon. The enclosed card will describe these
  gifts as presents of appreciation from you upon the occasion of your retirement.
  The card will suggest that any further inquiries may be directed to a Miss
  Amparo at the same address. It will be a smooth transition."  
Colonel Ortiz gave me the final piece of bad news.  
 Yes, Amparo will now be the real mistress of Paloma Blanca. Even you must
  agree that she has a natural gift for these activities. As for you, Mr. Crenshaw,
  we have a cell waiting for you. It is not as nice as your cells here but I'm
  sure you will get used to it."  
"On what charge. If I go to trial you'll all be implicated." I threatened.  
"I don't need any charges and there will be no trial" Colonel Ortiz smiled.  
He shouted an order and a squad of his men rushed into the room and took
  hold of me. In a last ditch effort I appealed to Amparo.  
"Surely I must have meant something to you. It couldn't have been a complete
  lie. I really wanted to marry you! Don't let them do this to me, Amparo!" I
  pleaded with her.  
"I am sorry, mi amor, but yes&hellip;it was all a lie." She said cruelly, "Even
  the part about you being such a great lover was a lie. The truth is&hellip; that
  on a scale of one to ten, you are&hellip;maybe a five."  
" I hope you rot in hell, Bitch!" I spat at her.  
"Look on the bright side, amor mio, you will have a chance to sample the
  pleasure of being forced to give. In El Pavon prison there are many masters
  and I am sure one of them will be more than willing to train you. Maybe your
  new name will be Cock Holster" She laughed gaily at this bit of wit."  
That was my last sight of her as they hauled me away&hellip;those goddamned
  laughing, black eyes of hers.  
Postscript:  I have related this sad story as
  it was told to me by Peter Crenshaw while we shared a cell in the notorious
  El Pavon prison. I have not seen or heard from him since my release. It is
  doubtful that I ever shall, so I am afraid that his story must end here. Perhaps
  if I am ever in Guatemala again, I may seek out Amparo. If I can convince the
  new mistress of Rancho Paloma Blanca to confide her own adventures&hellip;.Who
  knows? Perhaps I may be able to share them with you at a later date. Hasta
  entonces estancia tieso o mojado dependiendo de que sexo usted es! Adios! Estaban
  Bacca.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Estaban Bacca


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





