BDSM Library - Perchance to Dream




Perchance to Dream
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jennifer goes to sleep thinking of her Master, and finds herself pulled into his dream, where he controls the reality around them...Perchance to Dream  
"Goodnight!" you type to me, finishing up another fun chat session. Another
  exhausting day behind you, you stretch in your computer chair and push back
  from the desk. It's almost 1am and you have to study again for most of the
  day tomorrow to get ready for your finals.  
You run your hands through your hair a few times to get it out of your eyes,
  and head over to your bed and begin taking your clothes off. A slight draft
  from one of the large windows in your room makes your nipples stiffen slightly
  as the breeze brushes over your silky smooth skin. Shivering, you quickly climb
  under your covers. As you get comfortable and snuggle into your pillow, you
  think back to your conversation with me. How was it that I knew all the thing
  to say to push your buttons? Groaning a little to yourself as you replayed
  in your mind some of the things I had said that I was going to do to you the
  next time I saw you, you ponder briefly getting out the gift I had bought you,
  to satisfy some of your urges. Weariness won this round however, and you roll
  over and start drifting off to sleep. Your last thoughts as your mind shuts
  down are of the things I said&hellip;.  
You awaken, startled. For a moment, pure shock and panic grips you, as you
  look around to see yourself in a room you do not recognize. Even more troublesome
  is the fact that everything you see, including your own body, has a brown/bronzed
  tone to it, like a very old photograph. The room is very non-descript, with
  a bed and various furniture in it. One wall had what looked like a large table
  of some sort along it's entire length, about waist high to you. The top looked
  too rounded to be a table but you don't see what else it could be. Where the
  table met the wall there were some strange protrusions, but before you could
  investigate, a voice from behind startles you terribly.  
"Hello my dear" I say behind you. Your head and body whip around so fast
  it's a wonder you don't hurt yourself. Eyes wide, you can only stare at me
  for a few moments as your mind tries to comprehend what is going on in this
  strange place. "Paul&hellip;?" you finally manage to get out. My eyes flash
  momentarily, making you remember distantly in the back of your mind that you
  were never supposed to say just my name, but the shock of appearing in this
  place out of nowhere had driven it out. I decide to let it slip. "Yes, it's
  me, how are you feeling this fine evening?" You can only stare. "Where are
  we? How did we get here? Paul what the hell is going on?", you ask, voice rising
  a little more with each question. You are totally off balance and still not
  over the shock. "You are warm and asleep in your bed at home. I'm at home as
  well. This is only a dream, Jennifer." You look away for a moment and think
  about what I just said. "This can't be a dream, it feels too real." You say. "Ah,
  this is a dream, but not like a normal dream" I reply. I have been studying
  psyonics and astral projection, and all sorts of other metaphysical topics
  in secret for years now. I have finally discovered the true path to opening
  up the inner core of my mind. After you left IRC and went to bed, I knew you
  would be sleeping&hellip; I reached out with my mind, and &hellip; whisked
  you out of your own dreams and into mine." You stare at me blankly. This didn't
  make any sense at all. What in the world was I talking about? You find your
  voice again. "Paul that doesn't make any sense, that kind of thing is not possible,
  you've been reading too many fantasy books." You look around again, suddenly
  realizing that this room had no doors. I watch your face intently, I can practically
  taste your uneasiness and see the wheels in your mind turning furiously as
  you try to understand what was going on. "Jennifer, perhaps some day I will
  show you more in-depth, but for now, understand this. Our bodies are both asleep
  in our beds, but our minds are awake, and I have pulled you into my dreams.
  I was able to do this because you were thinking of me as you went to sleep,
  and in your sleep. This room you see is my place, a construct of my mind, and
  it conforms to what I want, and behaves how I want. I can make it anything
  I want, or take us anyplace I can imagine." You stare at me again. This was
  getting old. "Paul, I think you've gotten a little crazy" You try pinching
  yourself to wake up, even though it still doesn't feel like a true dream. Then
  you realize that you don't have any clothes on, just like when you went to
  bed. Your cheeks turn red a bit, but only for a moment. After all, it's nothing
  I haven't seen before.  
I look down at you and tsk  loved  being
  treated like this rapidly ate away at the resistance you were giving me, mild
  as it was. I move up fully behind you, pressing my body against yours from
  feet to head. "Submit to me Jennifer," I whisper softly, oh so softly in your
  ear. "Submit, and I promise to make this the most memorable night of your life." I
  take your earlobe into my mouth as I finish the sentence and tug at it slightly
  with my lips, even as my tongue slips up and down the lobe. You shiver uncontrollably,
  and then say the words that we both knew you were going to say from the beginning. "I
  am&hellip;" you swallow. "I am yours, Master" you say, breathlessly. "I know,
  Kitten" I reply as I push on your back again, this time with no resistance
  from you. As your belly and breasts come in contact with the fabric of the
  cushion top, you find it to be incredibly smooth, as well as pleasantly warm,
  like the tiles. "Put your arms forward, towards the mirror, Kitten" I tell
  you. You do, and suddenly there are thick, fuzzy manacles around your wrists,
  holding your arms up away from your body, palms up a few inches away from the
  mirror.  
I step back to admire my handiwork, and you, for a few moments. You are trembling
  slightly, and that only added to your beauty. Your long, firm legs looked especially
  delicious in the low and subtle lighting of the room. The rounded globes of
  your ass cheeks so firm and smooth. Your blonde hair in disarray on your head.
  I walk back to you, and lean over, pressing my half-hard cock against your
  ass through my pants. I exhale onto your back, drawing a gasp from you. I extend
  both of my hands and slowly run my nails from the tops of your arms near your
  hands, down your arms, down your back, and all the way down your legs. Squatting
  down by your feet, I begin kissing up your calves and thighs, my beard tickling
  your skin, while my warm lips press against your flesh. I dart my tongue out
  to flick at the back of your knee and you squirm. I can smell you now, smell
  your desire. I knew you wouldn't be able to hold out long. I run my hand up
  your right leg as I kiss all over your left. My hand finds your ass and squeezes
  it firmly. Reaching down to the devices that hold your feet in place, I pull
  the pin that holds them in place on the track and move each one of your feet
  a few more inches apart from your center. Locking them back in place, I put
  my mouth an inch away from your pussy and blow a slow stream of air over your
  womanhood. You moan, and I smile again. This was so easy. You were like putty
  in my hands, and both of us knew it. "Do you want me to lick you, Jennifer?" I
  ask. "Yes Master please!" you say, forgetting yourself, still very off-balance
  from everything that had happened. The force of my open palm cracking against
  your buttocks makes you cry out. "Foolish girl! You ONLY want what I want to
  give you. You ONLY desire what I decide to give you. I thought you had learned
  that lesson." You speak quickly, almost sobbing from the change in attitude "Yes
  Master, please Master, I forgot! I beg forgiveness, please give me another
  chance, it won't happen again I sw-" "Enough" I cut you off, and you silence
  yourself immediately. Good. At least you weren't that far gone.  
I gently kiss the reddened flesh of your ass, rubbing it with my hand, soothing
  the skin. Standing, I run my right hand all over your ass and womanhood, as
  my left hand entwines in your hair and pulls your head back. Your eyes are
  closed, concentrating on the feeling of my hand, desperately wanting to be
  penetrated by my fingers. I smile as I watch you, then grant your wish. Putting
  my index and middle finger together, I easily slip them between your wet lips,
  all the way up to my hand. Your eyes pop open and you moan. Even as you moan,
  however, you realize that you can't see me in the mirror, but you can see yourself. "Wha-" you
  begin, before I push your face down into the soft cushion under you. I decide
  to not punish you again, this time for speaking without permission. I know
  what you are going through and find it very amusing. "I told you the answer
  already, my pet. I control this place, and everything about it. You will only
  see and experience what I want you to see and experience. Remember that." Wisely,
  you do not reply. Shocked again tonight, you are suddenly and vividly reminded
  that my fingers are still in you as I stroke your g-spot. Moaning again, you
  close your eyes and surrender to the pleasure. Smiling, I go back down behind
  you, withdrawing my fingers. Extending my tongue out delicately, I run just
  the tip up the slit of your pussy ever so lightly. You shiver. I smile. I love
  the feel of you shivering in pleasure, feeling the sensation from my actions
  echo throughout your whole body. Thrusting my tongue in you more forcefully
  now, I lick up and down your womanhood, swirling it around your clit, sinking
  it into your hole. Your muscles clench as your first orgasm of the night has
  it's way with you. Whimpering, you brace yourself again as another one rolls
  in on you like a wave, the feel of my mouth against your pussy from behind
  driving you crazy, my tongue inside  you doing even more.
  My warm hands on your ass cheeks, squeezing and stroking only adding to your
  pleasure.  
After twenty or so breathless orgasms, I relent. "Pleasepleasepleaseplease.." you
  continue to say mindlessly, coming down off your high slowly. I smile down
  at you, running my hands up and down your back. I give you a moment to catch
  your breath, then ask "Are you ready to serve your Master, my pet?" "Yes" you
  breath "Oh god yes, please let me serve you Master" The desire to please the
  man who had just made you feel how you had flooding you adrenaline and lust.  
I concentrate again, and suddenly the table is gone, and you are on your
  knees in front of me. Each arm is bound to a pole, one to either side. Your
  knees and feet are also bound in place by soft, but unyielding bonds. You are
  shocked again by the sudden transition, but don't even look to your sides to
  see what is binding your hands. Maybe you were actually getting used to this.
  Or maybe, your eyes couldn't leave the sight of my fully hard cock pulsing
  only a foot away from your face. I smile at you again, watching your eyes lock
  on my throbbing cock. "Now, my pet, you will have your chance to serve me " I
  whisper, my voice low. The sound of my voice, just dripping in hormones, brings
  an unconscious moan from you, and you get even wetter, if that were possible.
  I grab you by the hair and pull your head back to look into your eyes. You
  are not supposed to meet your Master's eyes, but he told you once long ago
  that if he forced you to meet his eyes, it was acceptable. You look into my
  green/blue/brown eyes for a long moment, shivering with desire and not a little
  fear as well. Apparently I like what I see in your eyes, because the next moment,
  my other hand closes around the base of my cock, and I step forward.  
I place my cock alongside your cheek, and slowly run it down and across your
  chin, over your lips. The heat of it, the feel of its thickness against your
  face makes you gasp, your lips parting as you pant in excitement. I continue
  running my cock over your face, slowly and deliberately.  
"Please me, Kitten" I murmur, as I put the head of my cock directly between
  your parted lips. Immediately, you open your mouth and accept me in. I entwine
  both of my hands in your hair and pump my hips forward, sinking my cock almost
  as far as it can go into your mouth. Your tongue and lips are exquisite. You
  mind may be reeling from what you have experienced so far tonight, but this
  is one thing you know, and know well. You put all your effort into it, bobbing
  your head up and down enthusiastically on my hard cock, swiping at the underside
  of it's thick length with your tongue, working your lips all over the hot shaft.
  You love pleasing your Master and making him feel the way he made you feel.
  You fall fully into your task, losing track of the sounds of the waterfall,
  the soft music. I concentrate for a moment, and free your hands. It takes you
  several moments to realize that your arms are free, so intent on pleasing your
  Master you are. Only taking a split-second to understand why they are free,
  you immediately wrap one hand around my thick cock, stroking it lovingly up
  and down as the head sinks again and again into your mouth. With the other
  hand you cup Master's balls, massaging them and squeezing them gently, the
  way he showed you. You love the feel of the two large testicles inside their
  sack, the soft skin moving over them so easily.  
You feel good. In fact, you feel too good. I pull back, my cock slipping
  out of your mouth, all wet and shiny. You barely catch yourself before voicing
  a complaint. Good, you're remembering. I cup my hand under your chin gently,
  and tilt your face up once more. "I am going to fuck you, Jennifer" I say simply. "Would
  you like that pet?" "Yesssss" you breathe out. I smile again. I am always smiling
  around you it seems. "I have something special planned for when I take you,
  Kitten Come over here." You begin to say that you can't, when you realize that
  all your bonds are gone. Standing up slowly, as to not get dizzy from being
  on your knees for a long while, you walk over to join me. You see that the
  table along the wall is no longer along the wall. It's several feet away from
  the wall now, and not as deep. "Lie down on the table, tummy down" I command,
  and you hurry over to obey. You also notice that I am showing in the mirror
  now.  
You freeze.  
You see two  of me in the mirror.  
For a split-second you think it's a reflection trick with this mirror and
  another one in the room, but you recall that there are no other mirrors. "Wha-" you
  begin again, but I spank you hard on the ass again, having expected your reaction. "How
  many times do I have to tell you, slave? This is my  place,
  and I can make happen here whatever I want." The other me is me as well, no
  difference at all other than being in another physical form. I am him, and
  he is me. We are one mind, and right now, our mind is turned to the purpose
  of destroying yours. I move up behind your ass as well as in front of you.
  The table suddenly angles up under your chest, raising your head a bit. "Take
  me in your mouth" I command. You do it without more comment about the 'other'
  me. I am impressed. As I feel your lips wrap around my cock once more, I part
  your pussy lips, and sink my cock into you from behind. You moan loudly onto
  my cock. The sensation of being filled with my hard cock while it was also
  in your mouth completely freezes your nervous system for several seconds. Then
  your mind explodes in orgasm as my thick shaft does it's work on your tight
  pussy. I take your hands and pull them around back of me and press them against
  my ass. "If you stop squeezing and holding my ass while you suck me, you will
  be punished" I warn. You moan agreement and start bobbing your head up and
  down on my cock, whimpering as you feel my hands grip your hips and pump hard
  cock into you. You can feel the entire length of my shaft in you, pulling out,
  driving in, again and again. My balls swing forward on each thrust , the sack
  slapping lightly against your clit. My hands find your head and begin pumping
  my cock into your mouth. Your mind slowly shuts down and becomes a primal thing,
  lost in lust and the needs of your anatomy. All you are aware of is the feel
  of a man, a man  deep inside you, doing to you what nature
  had made you for, giving you pleasure beyond anything you have ever known.
  In front of you was your Master, his cock so hard, so rigid in your mouth.
  Yet, he was behind you too. You could not understand it, but the desire to
  understand was fading rapidly. You become reduced to a pussy and two nipples.
  You can hear the blood rushing in your ears. All that exists for you is the
  magnificent hotness in your mouth, and the feel of being split again and again
  from behind. Your stiff nipples rub back and forth on the fabric under you
  with each thrust from your Master. Your mind shatters in orgasm again and again,
  loosing track of all time and place within seconds. You dig your nails into
  your Master's behind and hang on for your life. The pleasure is excruciating.
  The pain is wonderful.  
I look down at you, seeing my cock disappear in you again and again. You
  are so wonderfully tight and slick, your pink insides pulling and sucking at
  my cock as I fuck you. Even though I can tell your mind is in a far off place,
  you still maintain your rhythm on my cock, sucking it in perfect tempo with
  my pace of penetrating you from behind. You are so gorgeous, sweat beading
  on your forehead, a sheen of it all over your body. You are beautiful. You
  are a carnal animal. And you are mine tonight.  
The spark of who you are that is left in a back corner of your mind realizes
  that Master's strokes are becoming longer, sinking into you harder. Coming
  down off the crest of your last orgasm, you hear, and barely comprehend Master
  speaking. You hear him from behind you and in front of you. "Jennifer, my love,
  my pet. I'm going to cum in you. I am going to fill   you
  with me, do you understand? Are you ready? Ohhhhh my beautiful slave, I'm going
  to cuuummmmm!" My voice rises sharply at the end as the wonderful tingling
  at the base of my spine rushes forward to my cock and up the shaft. My cock
  explodes into your mouth, explodes deep in your pussy, flooding you at both
  ends with my seed. My cock pulses, pulses, pulses again, it's jerking movement
  completely beyond my control, even here in this place. You try your best to
  swallow it all, but there's too much, and it leaks out down your chin. Behind
  you, you can feel some of me running down your inner thighs. I pull myself
  from your mouth so you can get some more air, but I leave my cock in you, feeling
  the delicious pulsing and squeezing of your womanhood wrapped so tight around
  me. You are still awash in orgasm, even without me actively stimulating you.
  I run my fingertips all over you back and all through your hair, whispering
  how much I love you, and what a wonderful slave you are. You pant hard, trying
  to pick up the pieces of your mind. Thoughts come back slowly. Your ragged
  breathing concerns me, and I will a soft couch into existence near the table,
  and pick you up and lay you down on it. You look up at the ceiling, not really
  seeing, still panting, your eyes glazed over. Then slowly you look over at
  me. Dimly you realize that there is only  me. You suddenly
  wrap your arms around me fiercely, holding on for dear life. You begin to sob
  a little, and just put a hand on your head and hug you. The unbelievable level
  of intimacy just shared with me really crashing home on you. "It's ok" I whisper
  softly, stroking your hair, feeling your racing pulse from your heart against
  my chest. "It's ok, shhhhhh, it's ok Jennifer, everything is fine". I can feel
  the hot streams of your tears on my chest..  
Slowly your breathing slows and returns to normal, along with your pulse.
  Slowly, you turn your head up to me, greatly daring to meet my eyes. "Pa&hellip;Master,
  I have never, ever felt that way before, thank you so much." You lean forward
  and kiss me tenderly. I return the kiss with a wonderful, sublime passion.
  Your lips are so soft. I hold you close as we kiss for many minutes, the soft
  music finally reaching you, relaxing you, sweeping away the last of your nerves
  from this entire affair. We lay down together on the couch facing each other,
  our bodies molded together as we kiss and our tongues entwine together.  
After what feels like forever, but as always, is far too short a time to
  spend with you, I break off the kiss and sit up. You look at me curiously but
  don't say anything. "Unfortunately my dear, if you are awake here, in this
  place, your mind is not truly sleeping. If I keep you here all night, you will
  wake up the next morning having not really rested at all, and I know all the
  things you have to do in the real world." You look at me incredulously. "Forget
  that Pa--.. Mast&hellip;.. Paul. All I do is study all day and work myself
  stupid. Keep me here for a few days, I need this, I need .. you. I want to
  feel like that every day&hellip; please" I smile warmly again. "Jennifer, time
  passes here at the same rate as it does in the waking world. If I keep you
  here for days, both of our bodies will starve themselves, and everyone will
  wonder why they can't wake us up. Don't worry though, I plan on bringing you
  here often." I smile with a decidedly evil twist. "Very often" A huge smile
  breaks out on your face and you kiss me again. "That sounds wonderful Paul&hellip; but
  how do I get back?" "All I have to do is release you," I reply. "But before
  I do, I just want to let you know that you've only tasted the tip of what we
  can do in this place. There is so much more to discover." I stand, and hold
  out my hand to you. You take it and stand next to me. I turn to face the mirrored
  wall and take you by the shoulders and put you in front of me. " So  much
  more to discover" I say again, and in the mirror, you see my reflection change
  to that of an extremely  attractive young man you've been
  lusting after at University for weeks. The look on your face is priceless.  
"Until next time" I whisper in your ear.  
Everything goes black.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  StormTear


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





