BDSM Library - Dress For Less




Dress For Less
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A bored wife rediscovers her dominant lesbian nature and uses it to save her marriage.Dress For Less  
Kate was counting out time. Her fourth anniversary dinner with Jeff, her
  husband, was a complete disaster. She couldn't take that awful thought out
  of her mind. Her marriage was sinking into boredom, and somehow she knew it
  was her fault. Her hopes of having a sex that night, after all it was their
  anniversary, had disappeared. All she wanted was her husband to pay the bill
  and leave that fucking fancy restaurant.  
In her mind, Jeff was having an affaire. She didn't have any clue, but in
  the last year her husband was returning home late in a daily basis. Kate could
  easily remember both times they had sex for a hole year. Both times Jeff took
  it as a work he had to do, no matter he liked it or not.  
Now, Jeff was sitting in silence in front of her. His eyes were staring at
  a nearby table where two women in her early thirties were dining. It wouldn't
  have been a problem for Kate if her husband were doing it casually. What really
  bothered her was the fact he was doing it on purpose.  
 
   
    It seems you've found something
      interesting to look at, honey.  
   
 
Jeff grinned. Now, he was getting from Kate the attention he intended to
  get.  
 
   
    In fact, yes. I must say
      I am quite surprised you ask about it.  
   
 
Kate hesitated about ending the conversation or pushing her husband further.
  What made her decide to go on was Jeff's strangely confident attitude.  
 
   
    You're surprised? How do
      you think I feel about it? You've been ignoring me at least for an hour,
      and you dare to&hellip;.  
   
   
    Ok. That's enough. Let's
      talk it straight. Do you want to know or not?  
   
   
    Know what?  
   
   
    If I found something interesting
      to look at.  
   
 
At this moment Kate had to discard her planned answer. She was curious about
  where the discussion could lead.  
 
   
    Well honey, enlighten me
      please.  
   
   
    I am looking at the blonde
      on the silver dress. I find her very attractive.  
   
 
It made Kate to look at her immediately. Her eyes scanned every inch of the
  blonde in the nearby table in a matter of seconds. Kate had to recognize, at
  least to herself, that her husband was right. The blonde was wearing a silver
  gray taffeta cocktail dress, with a matching bolero jacket. Her hair was carefully
  arranged in an elegant updo, complementing her sophisticate look with jewelry,
  hose and high heel pumps. What neither Jeff nor Kate knew, was that Jillian,
  the blonde lady, and her friend had just left a boring cocktail party.  
 
   
    Well, she's attractive.
      What's your point?  
   
   
    The point is she dressed
      up to make an statement.  
   
 
Kate's curiosity was growing. It seemed her husband had planned this conversation
  for months.  
 
   
    And that statement is&hellip;..  
   
   
    The statement is : I am
      a beautiful woman and I am not afraid to show it. I like to dress in a
      feminine way and I don't care if dressing like a lady trucker is more comfortable.  
   
   
    What are you meaning? Do
      you think I dress like a trucker?  
   
   
    Almost. The last time I
      can remember you dressing up for me was the wedding night.  
   
 
The waiter came with the bill. Kate realized it couldn't be more opportune.
  Her husband was completely right again. When the waiter left with credit card
  voucher signed, Kate was ready to continue.  
 
   
    And that's the reason why
      we never have sex. Isn't it honey?  
   
   
    The reason is because you
      don't seem to be attracted to me anymore, Kate. If you were interested
      in me, you would try to seduce me, at least once in a while. You are a
      beautiful woman. You could try, and look better than any other woman.  
   
 
Now, Kate was disabled. She knew Jeff was talking sincerely, and the key
  to revive their marriage was in her hands. Kate looked at herself, dressed
  in boring black slacks, white shirt and black ankle boots, almost no makeup
  and her auburn hair arranged in a bun. It was a noticeable contrast with the
  dressy blonde.  
 
   
    I'd like to know more honey.
      What does that blonde have that turns you on?  
   
   
    In first place, it's clear
      she have dressed up for somebody. She took care for the details. If you
      look carefully, you may notice her shoes and purse match perfectly with
      her clothes. She also is confident enough to wear a nice pair of real nylon
      stockings, and though her makeup is perfect, I can bet she will refresh
      it before she leaves the restaurant.  
   
 
Kate was more than surprised. Though she looked at the blonde carefully,
  she didn't pay attention to so many details. She looked at her again and quickly
  noticed the darker stocking tops barely showing below the hem of the dress,
  and the gray satin 4" pumps with matching purse.  
 
   
    And you would like me to
      dress like her?  
   
   
    I am not asking so much.
      I just wanted you to realize what I like.  
   
   
    But what if I dress like
      her?  
   
 
The mere thought of Kate getting dressed up like the blonde gave Jeff a nice
  hard on. He was going to answer when, as he predicted, Jillian stood up. After
  grabbing her purse she sexily walked to the restrooms. Kate automatically saw
  the opportunity, grabbed her handbag and also stood up.  
 
   
    Wait for me in the car honey.
      It will take only a few minutes.  
   
 
Jeff hesitated, not knowing what his wife was going to do. When he was going
  to ask, Kate was already heading to the restrooms. There was nothing else to
  do but going to pick the car.  
Meanwhile, Kate entered the ladies restrooms. As Jeff anticipated, she was
  refreshing her already perfect makeup. No one else was there, and after Kate
  spent a few seconds evaluating her options she walked directly to the blonde.  
 
   
    Nice dress!  
   
   
    Thank you.  
   
   
    I was wondering if you would
      accept swapping clothes with me.  
   
 
Jillian looked at Kate from head to toes. She returned Kate a stupid smile
  for what she considered a stupid joke and resumed her makeup. Kate stepped
  forward until her hips slightly pushed at Jillian's, making her to step back
  and face Kate. Her blue eyes turned towards Kate's ice cold expression, but
  as Kate resumed her approach, she had to look away from her and step backwards
  until the wall stopped her.  
 
   
    Don't turn your face off
      me, bitch. I don't have the whole night to wait you to decide.  
   
   
    To decide what?  
   
   
    Which way you prefer, silly.
      Maybe you like the hard one.  
   
 
Jillian suddenly started to feel fear when Kate pinned her wrists against
  the wall. She wanted to push Kate away, but her body seemed to be paralyzed.
  Kate took advantage of it, keeping the grip on the blonde's wrists and pushing
  her into a stall. Jillian's heels clinked in the marble floor until Kate pinned
  her against the stall wall. Her toothpick arms weren't a challenge for Kate's
  muscular complexion. Both ladies had to spread her legs at both sides of the
  toilet. The gorgeous blonde made no attempt to stop Kate, who was feeling powerful
  and excited at the same time. It was going to be much easier than she anticipated,
  and according to wetness developing in her crotch, much more exciting.  
 
   
    W-what are you doing? Let
      me go!  
   
   
    I'll let you go when I have
      your fancy clothes. You may choose the easy way, and you'll leave this
      toilet unharmed and dressed with my clothes. Of course you may also choose
      the hard way, and I'll walk away from this toilet with your clothes, leaving
      you trashed and nude.  
   
 
Jillian's heart pumped furiously as she started sobbing. Kate released the
  grip on her wrists and lifted her chin with her index finger. Her arms dropped
  and her blue eyes tried not to look at Kate, who threatened her again.  
 
   
    I'll start punching your
      pretty face, bitch. It's that what you want?  
   
 
As an answer, Jillian removed her short jacket, revealing the nice sweetheart
  cleavage of the dress. Her round breasts were perfectly held by the dress.  
Kate found hard to understand why that stupid girl submitted so easily. She
  was also confused about the reasons of her growing excitement. Maybe it was
  because she anticipated a night of torrid sex with her husband, but dominating
  that gorgeous lady was also turning her on. Kate's only previous lesbian experience
  was at the end of high school, when she forced Tammy, the cheerleader's team
  captain to lick her pussy after a brawl on the lockers room. Now she was feeling
  quite the same way. It was something more about power rather than sex, or at
  least that feeling was more acceptable than assuming the blonde was turning
  her on.  
As time was running against her intentions, Kate had to put her hands at
  work. And she did it literally, grabbing the sobbing blonde's firm breasts
  pulling her forwards. As her victim complained, Kate slapped her left cheek.  
 
   
    Shut up bitch! Give me the
      dress now!  
   
   
    Stop please! Why you&hellip;.  
   
 
The second slap landed on right cheek. The perfect makeup on Jillian's face
  did a good work hiding the reddening of her porcelain skin. Jillian complied
  promptly. When the dress was gone, her 36 C breast bounced freely, and a set
  of white lace panties and garterbelts were revealed. Her manicured hands covered
  her round breast. She almost couldn't bear the humiliation, but she still was
  unable to react against her tormentor. Kate's envy and arousal grew at the
  sight of the beautiful lady in her sexy lingerie. Jillian had a perfect hourglass
  figure with slender endless legs to die for. The tiny lace triangle of her
  white lace tong allowed a glimpse of her blonde pubic hair. A delicate black
  satin bow decorated each of the garters, making a lovely contrast with her
  milky white thighs. Jillian was a couple of inches taller than Kate, but with
  the 4" pumps on, and the updo of her hair, she looked a foot taller.  
While Kate started to undress, her mind was flooded by images of Tammy submitting
  to her on the high school lockers. Jillian's submissive behavior reminded her
  how Tammy's attitude changed after the trashing Kate gave to her. Her blue
  eyes looked exactly in the same way than Jillian's, pleading Kate to stop whatever
  she was going to do. But Kate never left anything unfinished. Once Kate was
  completely naked, and her bargain clothes piled over the toilet, her right
  hand reached Jillian's lace covered crotch. Jillian's delicate hands tried
  to cover her crotch, but it was a feeble attempt to stop Kate, who tightly
  grabbed Jillian's left wrist. Kate applied all the pressure she could on Jillian's
  tiny wrist, making the poor blonde squeal at the pain.  
 
   
    Ooouch! You're hurt&hellip;  
   
 
Jillian's complaint was interrupted by Kate's left hand finger invading her
  pussy. Kate buried her middle finger on Jillian's dry clit together with the
  lacy fabric of her panties. When Kate added her index finger and pushed up
  harder, Jillian's body trembled and her slender stockinged legs flickered.
  Her stiletto heels lost contact with the floor as she was being forced to stand
  on her toes by Kate's relentless probing. As Kate buried her fingers deeper,
  Jillian's creamy bright red lips formed an O and a loud moan came from her
  mouth. Kate felt the blonde's juices moistening the lace panties and her invading
  fingers, but also realized somebody else could come to the restrooms momentarily.
  Her primary objective was to take Jillian's clothing, but it didn't mean she
  couldn't spend a few minutes playing with her.  
Jillian sighed when Kate's fingers withdrew from her now sensitive cunt.
  Kate's pussy dripped like a fountain, flooding her inner thighs with her sticky
  juices. At first Jillian thought her ordeal would finish there. The embarrassment
  and humiliation were unbearable. The blonde was feeling powerless to stop Kate.
  Five minutes ago she was having dinner in a fine restaurant like hundreds of
  times before, and now she was being stripped and dominated by an unknown woman.
  But worst of all, her body responded like a whore at the fingering.  
Well aware of her complete control over Jillian, Kate decided to humiliate
  her further. She grabbed her cotton sports bra and panties, and after cleaning
  her own juices with the panties, she stuffed them into Jillian's mouth. While
  hearing the blonde's muffled complaints, Kate tied Jillian's wrist on her back
  with the bra. Kate's strong hands roughly squeezed Jillian's breasts, at the
  same time she pinched the blonde's already erected nipples. Jillian seemed
  to be in something like a trance. Her body was squirming sexily, her blue eyes
  were rolling and one of her nyloned calves rhythmically was going up and down,
  following Kate's cyclic squeezing. Every time Kate increased the squeezing
  strength, Jillian's calf raised, wobbling the gray high heel pump in the air
  all the time Kate kept the pressure on her breasts. When the squeezing and
  pinching decreased, Jillian's calf went down and her toes barely touched the
  floor.  
Keeping the grip on her breasts, Kate steadily pushed Jillian until the blonde
  was sitting on the toilet cup with her beautiful legs completely spread. Kate
  released one of her breast and started unhooking the front garters. To unhook
  the back garters, Kate needed both hands.  
The tender flesh of Jillian's breast was reddened, clearly showing the zones
  were Kate clawed her hands. Jillian breathed heavily as her head leaned back.
  She was on the verge of an orgasm, and all she wanted was a final little push
  to cum. If she hadn't her hands tied on her back she would finish it at once.  
Kate grabbed Jillian's left ankle and twisted her slender leg until the blonde
  laid on her side over the toilet cup. Thus Kate gained access to the back garters.
  Once unhooked, Kate removed Jillian's garterbelt and rolled the lace panties
  down her ass. Her shapely legs flickered when Kate's fingers caressed them
  from the inner thighs to the ankles.  
Before proceeding with the heels and stockings, Kate made Jillian sit on
  her butt again. Jillian muffled moans filled the stall as Kate buried one,
  two, three fingers on her cunt. The blonde's body was shacking out of control
  while Kate pushed her whole hand into her pussy. Jillian's legs kicked in the
  air and her moans turned into cries, as the wild orgasm stroke her. Her vision
  was blurry and while trying to recover her breath, Jillian didn't notice Kate
  grabbed each of her thin ankles, removed the high heel pumps, and the tan nylon
  stockings.  
Kate got dressed with Jillian's designer clothes in less than a minute. She
  also took the credit cards and driver's license out of the Jillian's purse,
  throwing it over her former clothes. Kate untied Jillian's hands and removed
  the panties from her mouth. Jillian remained seated whit her legs spread wide,
  and her tiny arms dangling at her sides. Before leaving the stall Kate remembered
  something important.  
 
   
    If you don't mind, I would
      take this too.  
   
 
Jillian started sobbing again while Kate took her necklace and earrings.
  Kate put the wet and stained cotton panties around Jillian's neck and patted
  her face.  
 
   
    Now you have a new necklace,
      whore.  
   
 
Kate spent a couple of minutes applying some makeup, while hearing the sobbing
  blonde getting dressed in the stall. The mirror returned Kate her smile of
  satisfaction, while she grabbed her handbag and her new purse, and left the
  restrooms.  
When Kate entered the passenger side of the car, her husband's jaw dropped
  and his dick jumped inside his pants. It was his wife, looking like she never
  did, dressed up with another woman clothes.  
 
   
    I can't figure out how you
      did it, darling.  
   
   
    You know honey, sometimes
      I can be very persuasive.  
   
 
Jeff drove home like an Indy pilot, and Kate had the best sex of her life,
  for the hole night. The next morning, Kate promised herself to repeat such
  stimulating experience. Her marriage was at stake&hellip;  
Part 2 &ndash; A fresh start  
It took the whole saturday for Kate and Jeff to recover after an overexciting
  night. Jeff didn't save any effort trying to convince Kate to tell him how
  she'd got the clothes from the blonde lady. There were several disturbing details
  he couldn't take out of his mind. His wife managed to get not only the dress
  and jacket, but also the complete lingerie set. The mere thought of his wife
  undressing that beautiful lady gave him a hard on. But he hadn't any clue about
  the way his wife could also get the expensive necklace and earrings. It was
  hard for him to imagine the reason why a woman would easily give away such
  fine jewelry pieces.  
Jeff also was aware he had just spent the best night since he was with Kate,
  and there was no reason to upset her discussing about it.  
They had saturday night dinner at home. Kate was again dressed in her usual
  manner, discount black slacks, a pair of rather chunky low heel black shoes
  and a green t-shirt. Kate perfectly knew her husband was waiting her to keep
  the recently lit flame on. She was determined not to disappoint him.  
 
   
    Honey&hellip;  
   
   
    Yes dear.  
   
   
    It's been a long time since the last time we went clubbing.  
   
   
    But you've always hated go clubbing. You've always thought I wanted to
      do it just to tease other women.  
   
   
    Yes, but now I know I was wrong. Maybe I didn't my best to keep you interested
      in me.  
   
   
    Well&hellip; I don't know what to say&hellip;  
   
   
    Don't say anything. I'll put my red top and we're out of the house.  
   
 
Kate walked to the bedroom, leaving no opportunity for Jeff to answer. In
  just a moment she reappeared at the living room, wearing a lycra red top instead
  of the t-shirt. Jeff expression did little to hide he was expecting her to
  wear something sexier.  
 
   
    You could wear your new gray dress, dear.  
   
   
    It's too formal for clubbing, honey. You'll choose something more appropriate
      at the club.  
   
   
    O.. O'kay  
   
   
    Shall we go?  
   
 
Kate noticed her husband's hard on at once. During the drive to the club
  she remained in silence, giving a devilish grin as an answer to each her husband's
  questions. They decided to go to one of the better clubs in town. As Jeff was
  the lawyer of the club's owner, they had no trouble to bypass the long queue
  at the entrance. Once inside the club, they walked past the crowd and made
  their way into the VIP lounge. It was full of quite nice people, and particularly,
  there were plenty of beautiful women.  
 
   
    Well, here we are honey. Do you see something suitable for me?  
   
   
    I don't know were to start.  
   
   
    You can start at the bar. Alone.  
   
   
    Alone?  
   
   
    Yes, honey. You're quite a stud. I bet it won't be a long time before
      you were holding an animated talk with any girl you may choose.  
   
   
    Aren't you giving me too much credit, dear?  
   
   
    I can remember when we first met, honey. You can trust me.  
   
   
    And then what?  
   
   
    I'll convince her to swap clothes. That's all.  
   
 
Jeff was a very handsome man indeed. He approached the bar, and while ordering
  a drink, he started looking at the surrounding female stock. Jeff still hadn't
  got his drink, when he saw what he was looking for.  
At the end of the bar, among a group of three gorgeous ladies chatting, a
  sexy blonde caught his attention. She was in her mid twenties and dressed to
  kill. Her skin tight black, ultra short, sequined halter dress barely covered
  her heart shaped ass. Her long slender legs were wrapped in shimmering tan
  pantyhose, ending in a pair of 5" golden stiletto sandals with ankle strap.
  Her round silicone enhanced breasts seemed to be struggling against the deep
  and tight cleavage, and the open back of the dress was crossed by two tiny
  spaguetti straps. Her pretty face was nicely made up, with her lips covered
  with glossy pink lipstick. If her intention was to draw attention, she obviously
  succeeded.  
Jeff thought her look was too glittering for his more conservative taste,
  but he also would love to see his wife dressed like her. It didn't took long
  for Jeff to lure her wife's next victim to him. A of crossed looks, and invitation
  to drink, and the blonde starlet was sitting on a stool next to Jeff. He soon
  learned her name was Amy, she was single and earned her living doing modeling
  jobs.  
Meanwhile, Kate developed her plan. The restrooms weren't an option, as they
  were constantly crowded, but the aisle leading to the restrooms ended in an
  emergency exit. The exit lead to a wide empty corridor with another exit to
  the back alley. It was the perfect place to do the "exchange".  
When Kate returned to the bar, her husband and the blonde bimbo had already
  finished the first round of drinks. Kate carefully evaluated her, and though
  with the heels the blonde was ten inches taller than her, Kate soon arrived
  to the obvious conclusion: she was no match for her. Watching that bimbo teasing
  her husband, made her blood to boil. She wouldn't even had to care about cries
  or squealing, the loud music would allow her to work freely. And to make things
  easier, a blonde again. She really was going to enjoy it.  
She sat in an empty stool, and after giving a fifty dollar tip to the barman,
  she convinced him to spill the next drink on the blonde's cleavage.  
Kate headed to the restrooms aisle, and waited there for the barman to do
  his part. She had to wait just a couple of minutes, before Amy appeared there.
  Her hips wiggled sexily during the short walk to the ladies restrooms door.
  She was visible upset with her cleavage completely soaked.  
Kate stopped Amy before she reached the door knob.  
 
   
    Nice dress!  
   
   
    Nice and wet. Thanks.  
   
 
Amy politely smiled at Kate, who was concentrating all her strength in her
  right fist. Kate drove a hard blow on the smiling blonde stomach, leaving her
  without air. Amy was shocked and trying to recover her breath, while Kate grabbed
  her left arm and passed it over her shoulders. It looked like Kate was helping
  a drunk friend. At least that was what everybody around thought, when Kate
  carried her to the emergency exit. During the twenty feet walk, and when Kate
  was sure nobody would notice, she roughly sunk her right elbow on Amy's flat
  belly several times. The poor blonde was completely taken by surprise. All
  her energies were focused on trying to breath, and of course, she was totally
  unable to cry or fight Kate back.  
They crossed the exit door, and as the door closed the music faded. Kate
  and Amy were alone in the empty corridor. Amy staggered in her golden heels
  when Kate released her left arm. She could hardly stand by herself while Kate
  allowed her to recover a little. Just a little.  
Amy was slightly arched with both hands covering her battered belly. Tears
  of pain flowed across her cheeks as her pleading green eyes looked at Kate.  
 
   
    I like your dress.  
   
   
    W&hellip;what?  
   
   
    I was wondering if you would accept swapping clothes with me.  
   
 
Amy didn't answer. The door leading back to the lounge was at no more than
  ten feet. As she was recovering her breath, it was a big temptation to escape.
  Amy decided she would take her chances, but before giving a second step, Kate
  had a nice grip on her golden hair. Kate twisted her hair forcing Amy to bent
  forward. The tight dress rolled up exposing her wonderful bottom wrapped in
  the shimmering pantyhose.  
 
   
    Ooooh&hellip;  
   
   
    Hmmm. No panties bitch. I bet you were waiting for a good fuck  
   
   
    Please&hellip; Let me go, please!  
   
 
Amy tried to release Kate's grip on her hair, clawing her sharp nails at
  Kate's wrists. It only made Kate angrier. While keeping her grip, Kat roughly
  drove her knee on Amy's belly. As the corridor was wide enough, Kate used Amy's
  golden hair as a sling and made the blonde spin around her. The 5" stilettos
  weren't the best option to keep the pace imposed by Kate, as each turn she
  was spinning faster. When Amy's legs were about to give up, Kate released the
  grip on her hair. Amy made an spectacular landing. After reaching the floor,
  her sexy body slid twelve feet on the corridor floor. Amy ended facing the
  floor, with her slender legs widely spread and pantyhosed ass exposed.  
 
   
    This is better than bowling, bitch!  
   
 
Kate wouldn't waste time. She walked straight to the blonde and pulled her
  up by her hair. Amy could barely stay on her feet, her puny arms were dangling
  while she struggled to stand up. The skirt of her sparkling sequined dress
  was rolled at her slim waist. Kate allowed her to lean her back on the wall,
  and released the grip on her hair. Amy sobbed like little girl when Kate firmly
  grabbed her silicone breasts, softly pushing her against the wall. Kate was
  sure that the blonde had lost all hopes of opposing further resistance.  
 
   
    As I said. You must be looking for a good fuck.  
   
   
    Please, no&hellip;  
   
 
Amy's sissy voice made Kate remember Tammy Stevens pleading for mercy in
  the high school lockers. Kate gently squeezed Amy's right breast while her
  hand reached the blonde's crotch. To Kate's surprise, Amy suddenly reacted
  against her. Amy used both hands to claw her nails again on Kate's wrist, giving
  pathetic kicks on her tormentor's legs. Kate patience was exhausted. She twisted
  Amy's breast until she had no other option than let Kate's hand go.  
 
   
    I was going to give you were looking for, but now you'll get something
      more.  
   
 
The intense pain in her breast had the blonde crying and squealing loudly,
  until Kate landed a hard blow on her stomach. Amy opened her mouth wide, desperately
  trying to breath some air. Kate didn't wanted her to lean comfortably on the
  wall, so she roughly pulled her breast forward until having the blonde in the
  center of the corridor. Kate punched her belly again, making her slender body
  shake at the blow. Amy's pretty face pointed to the floor, while she was loosing
  control of her body. She was dazed by the lack of air. Her legs were unable
  to support her body, and when Kate let go her breast, Amy fell on her knees.
  While Amy's upper body tilted forwards and backwards, Kate took her dress off.
  Leaving the topless beauty on her knees, Kate got undressed. Once naked, she
  only had to softly push Amy to make her back lay on the floor.  
As Kate's pussy was demanding immediate attention, she kneeled over Amy,
  pressing her dripping cunt on Amy's bright pink lips.  
 
   
    I want your tongue working. Now!  
   
 
In her position, Kate had a nice view of Amy's whole body. The blonde's belly
  was reddened by the beating. When Kate pinched her nipples, Amy rubbed her
  left thigh against the right thigh, and her tongue started licking. No matter
  how much Kate tried to avoid it, she was being driven to an imminent climax.
  When the nipple pinching had turned into a soft breast squeezing, Amy's legs
  kicked aimlessly. The pointy heel of one of her sandals got caught on the pantyhose
  of the other leg, ripping it. The relentless work of Amy's tongue took Kate
  to one of the better orgasms of her life, only comparable to the one with Tammy.
  On the peak of her climax, Kate roughly squeezed and pulled the blonde's breasts,
  like trying to rip them off her body. Amy's body contorted at the pain, until
  Kate let her breasts free.  
After recovering a few seconds, Kate stood up and put the sexy black dress
  on. Amy remained moaning on the floor while Kate took her sandals off. Her
  round breast clearly showed the punishment received, and her face was covered
  by the messy mix of her makeup and Kate's juices.  
 
   
    Fucking bitch! You've ruined my pantyhose!  
   
 
Amy couldn't react at Kate's sneering. After stepping into her new golden
  sandals, Kate kneeled at her side, making Amy to face the floor and rolled
  the shimmering pantyhose down her thighs.  
 
   
    This is for the pantyhose!  
   
 
Kate began stuffing her gray cotton panties into Amy's ass. The blonde cried
  loudly while Kate used two fingers to bury the panties in her tight ass. Kate
  only left a small piece of the panties emerging from the tiny hole, and rolled
  up the hose until Amy's bottom was covered again. Before standing up, Kate
  grabbed her hair and pulled her head back.  
 
   
    Don't you dare to tell anybody about this!  
   
 
Kate took a final look at the battered beauty on the corridor floor. She
  was feeling like an amazon queen as she headed to the bar. In addition to the
  intense orgasm, she was rewarded by her husband's expression of approval. Jeff
  could do little to hide the sudden hard on while his wife posed the recently
  acquired dress in front of him.  
 
   
    What do you think?  
   
   
    You look gorgeous, dear.  
   
   
    Shall we go?  
   
 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sig


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





