BDSM Library - Order in the House




Order in the House
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A real story of Powerful Domination, Strict Discipline and Intense Interrogation by a Mistress.  When you start reading it, you can't stop.Order In The House   
By   
StilettoScorpio   
 A buttery soft black leather finger lifted his chin until his eyes meet
  her cold icy stare. Looking directly into his soul, she quietly scorned. "You've
  been masturbating again. Haven't you."  
"No Mistress." He gallantly replied in a feeble attempt to hide the truth.
  Instantly her soft black leather gloved hand stuck a firm blow across his left
  cheek. Regathering his jaw in her soft black leather gloved hand and once more
  fixing her frigid gaze upon him, she noticed he was beginning to tremble.  
 She paused to witness the red hand mark form on the left side of his face,
  complete silence filled the room.  
"Don't lie to me slave." She said in quietly but firmly. "You've been playing
  with that filthy dirty disgusting little thing of yours. Haven't you!" Her
  frigid stare can be just as intimidating as her seething anger.  
With his mind racing with thoughts of the punishment he is about to endure,
  he closed his eyes, swallowed and then said shamefully.  
"Yes Mistress. I have." Her buttery soft black leather hand struck a powerful
  backhand to the right side of his face.  
"You despicable, contemptuous, lying little pig!" Another powerful blow landed
  on the opposite side of his face. Firmly grabbing his jaw in her buttery soft
  black leather hand, she barked. "When?" Stamping the stiletto heel of her boot
  on the floor as she spoke. Totally panic stricken, he instantly replied.  
"Last Friday Mistress." Still leering intensely into his eyes, she asked
  in an unnervingly quiet tone.  
"Where?" Shaking with fear, he nervously answered.  
"At home Mistress." Bending down to place her face a few centimetres above
  his, she slowly waved his head from side to side and asked with a mocking smile.  
"Where at home?"  
"In my bedroom Mistress." He said resentfully.  
 She stood erect to leer down at him once more and asked.  
"And when you were playing with that filthy dirty disgusting little thing
  of yours, what were you fantasising about?" He swallowed then replied.  
"You Mistress." Instantly her right hand crashed heavily into the left side
  of his face knocking him to the floor. From behind clenched teeth, she snarled.  
"You despicable waste of space." Then barked demandingly. "Get back up here!" As
  he slowly rose, she grabbed a handful of his hair to drag him to his knees.
  Her buttery soft black leather hand instantly clamped tightly around his throat
  and tilting his head back as far as it would go, she bent down to place her
  face just above his. Then in absolute disgust she said.  
"I've never been more nauseated in my entire life." She threw his head away
  and stood to tower over him. A buttery soft black leather finger raised his
  chin, forcing him to make eye contact with her frigid gaze.  
 She paused for a brief moment then snarled. "You mean to tell me, that you,
  were playing with that filthy, dirty, disgusting, little thing of yours and,
  you had the gall, to think of me at the same time?" Tears were freely streaming
  down his face as he answered.  
"Yes Mistress." Another blow of her buttery soft black leather hand slammed
  across his face.  
Leering down at him, she grabbed his jaw firmly and lifted it as high as
  it would go. Then said laughingly.  
"Tell me what this lurid little fantasy of yours was slave." She bent over
  to place her face just above his and added. "After all, since I was involved,
  I have a right to know. Don't I!"  
"Yes Mistress." He cringed.  
"If you don't tell me this instant, I'll cut the skin from your entire body
  with my bullwhip. Now Speak!" The sound of her stiletto heel stamping on the
  highly polished wooden floor, boomed throughout the room with her last word.  
 With her powerful gaze mere centimetres above him, his lower lip was trembling,
  tears were freely rolling down his face, his entire body now shaking in fear.
  He reluctantly croaked a broken sentence.  
"I was fantasising that you had commanded me to do it Mistress." Instantly
  she stood erect and barked.  
"You, filthy, dirty, disgusting, little, pig!" Punctuating each word with
  a powerful blow to each side of his face as she spoke. Her buttery soft black
  leather hand grabbed his throat tightly. She bent back down to confront him
  once more. "What on God's earth, ever possessed you to think, that I, would
  command you, to do anything so utterly repulsive as that?" Petrified with fear,
  he couldn't speak.  
"Answer me!" She demanded.  
Drawing on every ounce of courage he had inside him, he compliantly stammered.  
"I don't know Mistress." With her buttery soft black leather hand clamped
  tightly around his throat, she began rocking his head slowly from side to side
  and sarcastically said.  
"Louder slave. I can't hear you." Turning her ear towards him to listen.
  He sniffled and replied.  
"I don't know Mistress." She released her grip on his throat and stood. His
  eyes were still locked on hers and with a look of pity on her face, she began
  to gently cares his cheek with a buttery soft black leather finger. Breaking
  into a smile she asked him almost affectionately.  
"Perhaps you would like me to give that memory of yours a little prod." He
  dared not answer.  
"Down on all fours!" She snapped and instantly he dropped to his hands and
  knees.  
 The clonk that the stiletto heels of her almost crotch high black leather
  boots made on the highly polished wooden floor, echoed loudly throughout the
  room as she crossed to her arsenal. Without hesitation she selected a long
  thin riding crop, then purposefully clonked her way back to stand in front
  of him.  
"Higher!" She commanded. Demanding him to raise his body more erect. As he
  rose she gripped his head between the thighs of her beautifully crafted black
  calfskin boots. She stood tall and erect with her slaves head firmly clamped
  between her black leather thighs, her right arm fully extended before her and
  pointing the tail of her riding crop at her slaves naked behind, she began
  her ritual.  
 The long narrow flap of her riding crop snapped three times in quick succession
  upon his bare behind and she left it resting on the same spot she'd just struck.
  It's her way of letting him know, that there's plenty more where that came
  from.  
"Tell me slave. What, on this God's earth, ever made you think, that I, would
  gain any pleasure, from watching a filthy, dirty, disgusting and utterly repulsive
  lying little pig like you, masturbate?"  
"I don't know Mistress." Instantly her riding crop rose to shoulder height,
  it then curved along its length as it followed her hand's rapid downward movement.
  Its long narrow tail made a resounding crack as it sharply snapped on the exact
  spot it was resting a split second before. His entire body immediately jolted
  and causing him to jerk his head between the soft black calfskin of her leather
  thighs. She closed her eyes lightly and smiled at the pleasure it gave her.
  Rolling his head between her black calfskin leather thighs, she slid the long
  narrow tail of her riding crop slowly across the naked flesh of his behind
  and left it resting on the opposite cheek of his bottom. She then said dispassionately.  
"I want the truth slave and I want it," Another full swing of her riding
  crop cracked loudly on the naked flesh of his behind. "Now!" His head jerked
  violently between her black leather thighs. She slowly turned her head and
  drew in a satisfying breath.  
"Please Mistress. I couldn't help it Mistress." He said between heavy gasps
  of breath. Rolling his head between her thighs, she asked.  
"Couldn't help what slave?" As she slid the long thin tail of her riding
  crop across his naked behind and rested it on his other cheek.  
"I get these urges Mistress." He panted with the searing pain that the last
  burning strike her riding crop left on his bare behind. Furious with his reply,
  she angrily scalded.  
"First! You don't know. Then! You couldn't help it. And now!" The crack of
  her riding crop split the air in the room, compelling him to instantly jump
  off the floor as it struck. "You get these urges!" Another full swing of her
  riding crop mimicked its predecessor and cracked loudly on the bare flesh of
  his opposite cheek. His head immediately jolted between her velvety soft black
  leather thighs. She closed her eyes and her lips widened with a silent sigh
  of the pleasure it gave her.  
 Instantly recomposing herself, she said demandingly. "Which one is it slave?
  I want the truth!" The endorphins that were flooding his brain like a powerful
  drug, had him answer.  
"All of them Mistress." Thoroughly insulted by what he had said, her riding
  crop made another resounding crack on his bare behind. His head instantly jolted
  between the supple black leather that encased her thighs and once more she
  swooned with the pleasure it gave her. She slowly slid the tail of her riding
  crop across to his other cheek and continued her interrogation.  
"Do you think I'm stupid or something?"  
"No Mistress." Rolling his head between the soft black calfskin of her almost
  crotch high leather boots and smiling at what he might say next, she said.  
"I'm looking forward to your explanation slave." She paused to listen. But
  he didn't utter a word. The searing crack of her riding crop split the air
  in the room once more. He lurched violently at its burning sting. His Mistress
  savoured her increasing pleasure.  
 Gently tapping the long thin tail of her riding crop on his now red stripped
  behind and rolling his head between the thighs of her black leather boots,
  she announced.  
"I'm waiting!" Looking down at the pool of tears forming between her pencil
  thin stiletto heels, he knew he was about to pay more than dearly.  
"I'm sorry Mistress." At this point, he realised that she was using him for
  her own erotic pleasure. But he wanted nothing more than to give her as much
  pleasure as he possibly could. Although the searing pain of her riding crop
  made him jump and lurch violently, the endorphins that they had created in
  his blood stream were slowly turning each stroke into a dull numbness. He no
  longer cared how much pain had to endure. Providing his Mistress with pleasure
  was the paramount though in his mind.  
"Sorry for what?" She asked presumptuously.  
"Mistress. I can't help it Mistress." He sobbed.  
"What can't you help slave?" She asked knowingly.  
"You are so beautiful Mistress." Three full swings of her riding crop cracked
  on alternate sides of his bare behind. Reeling in the pleasure it gave her,
  she then growled in anger.  
"You're not getting out of it like that!" Another loud crack of her long
  thin riding crop reverberated throughout the room.  
"But Mistress," He sobbed between heavy gasps of breath. "Its true!"  
"I want an answer slave and I want it," Another resounding crack of her riding
  crop landed heavily on the red stripped flesh of his naked behind. "Now!" Sulking
  and sobbing, he replied.  
"Mistress, you are the most beautiful sexy woman in the entire world. Its
  true! Please believe me."  
Tossing her long hair back over her shoulder, she nonchalantly replied.  
"I don't doubt that for a second." With his head still firmly clamped between
  her soft black calfskin leather thighs, she slid the tail of her riding crop
  across to the opposite cheek of his burning behind.  
"I'm sorry Mistress. You give me these urges. You make me do it Mistress." He
  pleaded in total anguish.  
 Standing tall and triumphant, she said calmly.  
"I know." She continued with a broad smile. "I know everything about you
  slave." Allowing her words to sink into his mind for a moment, she then added. "All
  of my unruly slaves think of me when they play with themselves. And, all of
  them receive a good dose of discipline to correct their disgusting misbehaviour.
  You know that you can always rely on me to discipline you. Don't you slave!"  
"Yes Mistress." He wept.  
"Just as much, as I can rely on this!" And with that, she began repeatedly
  pounding the long narrow tail of her riding crop on both cheeks of his bottom.
  Each jolt of his head between her soft black calfskin thighs, was taking her
  closer to her own ecstasy. Pausing to enjoy the pleasure of it and vigorously
  bucking his head between the thighs of her soft black calfskin leather boots,
  she proudly announced. "And I know just how much you love it. Don't I!" Followed
  by another loud crack of her riding crop.  
"Yes Mistress" He wept.  
"You're going to give me what I want." Her breathing was becoming deeper
  as she spoke and with her pleasure still paramount in his mind he sobbed.  
"Yes Mistress."  
 She then began thrashing his bottom repeatedly with her riding crop. The
  effect had her slave dancing on his hands and knees, his head was continually
  jerking up and down between her soft black leather thighs. She soon began to
  tremble and gasp. She went weak at the knees and slid to the floor with her
  slave's head still firmly clamped between the supple black leather thighs of
  her boots. One of her buttery soft black leather hands was frantically clutching
  at her breast. She was enjoying every second of the pleasure that washed over
  her. But she didn't stop thrashing her slave with her riding crop. She was
  in a frenzy of pleasure and sadistically attempting to prolong her pleasure
  for as long as she possibly could.  
 After the powerful grip of ecstasy slowly released her from its clutches,
  they were laying there peacefully on the floor. Her slave was caressing, smooching
  and worshiping her beautifully soft black calfskin boots and thanking his mistress
  repeatedly for the punishment she had given him. Recovering from her trip into
  paradise, she was toying with his hair between the fingers of her buttery soft
  black leather gloves. She then announced. "I have something very special for
  you slave. Would you like that?"  
 "Yes Mistress. I love everything you give me Mistress." She released the
  grip her black leather thighs had around his head and cheerfully said.  
"Help me up then." He quickly rose to his knees and helped his Mistress to
  her feet.  
 Promptly clonking her stiletto heels on the highly polished wooden floor,
  she made her way over to a chest of drawers and opened one. Watching his Mistress
  from behind, he watched her step into some leather straps and fasten their
  buckles around her hips. Taking a few other things from the drawer, she pushed
  it shut. But when she turned to make her way back to him, he couldn't believe
  his eyes. She was proudly sporting a long thick black dildo. It bobbed up and
  down between her black leather thighs with each step she took as she made her
  way back to him. Smiling gleefully she said. "I'm going to show you how to
  play with a real cock." Taking the black dildo in the palm of her hand, she
  began stroking it up and down and laughed wickedly at him. She continued parading
  around the room and showing it off proudly.  
 "My cock is so much bigger than that disgusting little thing you've got.
  My cock, is always in the mood and my cock, is always up for the occasion too.
  My cock doesn't squirt that disgusting filthy slime and then sag lifelessly
  after I've come. My cock is totally superior to that filthy, dirty, disgusting,
  little thing you've got between your legs. Look at it. This is what a real
  cock looks like. Its big, its long, its thick and its always nice and firm." She
  paused to smile at him then said. "From now on, this is the only cock you're
  going to be concerned with. Do You Understand!" His eyes were as wide as dinner
  plates. Waving the black dildo in front of his face she said. "Aren't you going
  to show your Mistress how much you want to suck her beautiful big black female
  cock. You know she'd love that, don't you slave." He was so shocked by all
  this he couldn't answer.  
 As he knelt before his Mistress, she began running the fingers of her buttery
  soft black leather gloved hands affectionately through his hair and said. "I
  want you to give me the filthiest and most disgustingly lurid blow job that
  you could ever imagine. I want the blow job you that you fantasise about in
  your wildest dreams. And maybe, I might forgive you for playing with that filthy
  dirty disgusting little thing of yours." Smiling down at him, she stepped a
  little closer to him and said. "Begin!"  
 He wrapped his left arm around the tops of her beautifully crafted black
  leather boots and with the fingers of his right hand he began gently stroking
  her black female cock up and down. Looking up for her approval, he saw her
  beaming a huge smile down at him. He looked at the black phallus and then extending
  his tongue, he leaned forward and licked the balls of her black female cock.
  The tip of his tongue then slowly traced its way up the entire length of his
  Mistress's big black cock and danced around its head, like a cheap whore in
  a dark lane on Saturday night. Then suddenly, the entire length of her black
  female cock was buried to the hilt inside his mouth. His Mistress sighed softly
  in pleasure as his lips began slowly sliding up and down its entire length.  
"I knew you were nothing more than a filthy dirty little slut." She held
  his head between her buttery soft black leather hands and began rhythmically
  thrusting her black female cock in and out of his mouth.  
 He kept on licking, sucking and dancing his tongue all over her shiny black
  cock for what seemed like ages, desperately trying to please his Mistress as
  much as he possibly could. But in truth, he was trying to postpone his inevitable
  fait for as long as possible.  
 Finally she announced.  
"Guess what I want to do now?" Without waiting for him to reply, she continued. "That's
  right slave, I want to fuck." Then gleefully announced. "Over there my pet
  and rest your weary chest." Gesturing at a leather padded vaulting horse, which
  stood in front of a mirrored wall. Not wanting to disobey, he reluctantly complied
  and lent across the waist high vaulting horse. Quickly she secured his wrists
  and ankles with wide black leather cuffs and using the short chains that hung
  from them, she clipped each one to the vaulting horse. He knew there was no
  escape. Snapping a white latex glove over her soft black leather hand, she
  scooped a generous amount of cream from a jar and began pushing it into him
  and continued to work as much of the cream into him as she could.  
 "Your lily white little bottom looks so beautiful with all those lovely
  red stripes I gave it. Did you enjoy getting them slave?"  
"Thank you Mistress." She strolled around in front of him and took great
  delight in removing a black condom from its wrapper and rolling over her black
  female cock in front of his eyes. Then grabbing a handful of hair, she lifted
  his head and slid her black cock into his mouth saying. "This is going to be
  so wonderful slave. You must trust me and above all, relax." Holding his head
  gently in her hands and thrusting her black cock repeatedly in and out of his
  mouth, she said. "I know you're going to love my cock, aren't you my pet. You'll
  soon see, just how much better it is than that ridiculous thing you've got." With
  his mouth completely full, he could only mumble. But it didn't matter to her
  what he said, anything she heard meant that he would.  
 She withdrew her cock from his mouth and trailing her buttery soft black
  leather hand down his back she slowly ventured behind him, rubbing the residual
  cream from her white latex glove all over her black female cock as she went.
  Standing behind him she said.  
"Can you see me in the mirror?"  
"Yes Mistress I can."  
"Good. Because I don't want you to miss a second of this slave! I want you
  to see exactly how much pleasure it gives your Mistress, to fuck a disobedient
  little wanker like you in the arse." With that she slapped his bright red stripped
  behind and said. "Now relax!" She took hold of her black female cock in her
  white latex hand and slowly pressed it against the rim of his anus. He gasped
  as its head slipped into him. She kept gently pushing the black phallus into
  her slave, until she had its entire length buried deep inside him. Ripping
  the white latex glove from her right hand, she held his hips in her buttery
  soft black leather gloved hands and cooing softly, she began slowly thrusting
  her long black female cock in and out of him.  
 "Tell me what you can see in the mirror slave?"  
"I can see my beautiful sexy Mistress. She's standing behind me wearing her
  sexy black leather boots and she's fucking me Mistress."  
Noting that his penis was slowly becoming erect and knowing the answer before
  she heard it, she asked.  
"Does it hurt?"  
"No Mistress. It doesn't hurt at all."  
"Tell me slave. Tell me how much you like it."  
"I never imagined it to feel so nice Mistress." She smiled and began to slowly
  increase her rhythm. Then slapping his red stripped behind she commanded. "Say
  'fuck me I'm a slut'."  
"Fuck me I'm a slut."  
"Your my filthy little slut. Aren't you slave?" Purposely making sure that
  she was massaging his prostate gland with her dildo as her rhythm increased.  
"I'm your filthy dirty little slag whore slut and I love your cock Mistress.
  Fuck me like the filthy dirty slag I am. Please Mistress. Fuck Me." At this
  point she stopped and said  
"See how much I know about you. I knew you'd love this. Now beg me to fuck
  you. You slag slut." Desperately he pleaded with his Mistress.  
"Please Mistress. Please! I beg you! Please don't stop. Please fuck me! I
  beg you Mistress. Fuck me!"  
"Such sweet music to my ears. Are you still watching me in the mirror?"  
"Yes Mistress I am. Please fuck me like a filthy dirty slag slut Mistress.
  Please I beg you Mistress. Please!" Slowly she recommenced thrusting her dildo
  in and out of him.  
 "If in future, you ever feel those urges and you find yourself playing with
  that disgusting little thing of yours, I want you to think of this. I want
  you to fantasise about the vision you can see in that mirror. I want you to
  fantasise that your Mistress is standing behind you in her beautiful sexy boots
  and she's thoroughly enjoying every second, of fucking that sweet little slag
  hole of yours. And woe betide you if I discover that you're fantasising about
  anything else. Do you hear me slave!"  
"Yes Mistress. Fuck me Mistress. I love it so much. Fuck me!" It was quite
  obvious to her that he was approaching orgasm and she began to thrust him with
  vigour. Then she began to pound her cock in and out of his virginal little
  hole.  
 Each time the two of them played together, it is always about her pleasure,
  never his. This occasion was no different to any other. She always made sure
  that she had it, regardless of anything he might want.  
"Come on slave, fuck me back. Bounce that slag arse of yours up and down
  on my cock." Instantly complied with her command and began rocking back and
  forth in time with his mistress. She was thoroughly enjoying herself with his
  hips held firmly in her buttery soft black leather hands. The sound of flesh
  slapping together went well past his pleasurable moans and carried on and on.
  Eventually she fell limp on his back exhausted and groaning in ecstasy.  
 As her eyes slowly opened, she noticed droplets of pearly white fluid on
  the floor. Momentarily she ignored it and decided to rest for a moment or two.
  When she finally pulled out of her slave, she unclipped his ankles, grabbed
  her riding crop and then unclipped his wrists from the padded vaulting horse
  and angrily barked.  
"Get down here this instant." He quickly fell to his hands and knees and
  begun kissing the toes of his Mistress's boots and thanking her for fucking
  him. A full swat of her riding crop landed on his naked behind and rang loudly
  throughout the room. Her slave poured his passion over the feet of her beautiful
  black leather boots, totally unaware of what he was being punished for.  
 She stood tall and ignored the display of passion that he was pouring upon
  her boots. Pointing her riding crop at the droplets of semen, she barked.  
"What's this?" His eyes focused upon what she was pointing to and panic fell
  on his face. Another loud swat of her riding crop shattered the silence. "How
  dare you!" As he quickly crawled over to it, another loud swat of her riding
  crop found its target on his behind. "Lick that up this instant. And don't
  you miss one molecule of that disgusting slime. Or my bull whip will make you
  wish you weren't born." Scrutinising him lap up each and every drop from the
  highly polished floor with his tongue, she had fun continually harassing him
  with. "You like the taste of your own cum don't you. Don't miss that one over
  there. Not yet you haven't finished doing this one yet."  
 Sometime later and fully dressed in his street clothes, he was sipping a
  cup of tea when she asked brightly.  
"Same time next week minister?"  
Beaming a huge grin, he said. "I wouldn't miss it for the world Mistress."  
Pointing a finger at him, she firmly said. "Remember what I told you!"  
Grinning widely, he answered. "Every night Mistress."  
"You filthy dirty little slag." Still grinning, he retorted.  
"No I'm not!.I'm your filthy dirty little slag Mistress."  
"Indeed you are."  
THE END  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Stiletto


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





