BDSM Library - The girls of Blue Mountain




The girls of Blue Mountain
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story develops in a small, isolated community where girls are educated to be completely submissive to men. Every detail, every aspect of their lives is controlled and regulated. Poor young Sally has trouble adjusting to her new life as the first outsider who has been moved to Blue Mountain in a very long time...The following story is a work of FICTION. If you feel the URGE to ACT the
  fantasies described below with any MINOR OR ANY NON-CONSENTING adult PLEASE
  do yourself a favor and get PROFESSIONAL ASSISTANCE. Absolutely no minors (in
  real life or in fantasy) are to be involved in any form with this story. If
  you are not of legal age in your country, please stop reading and do something
  more interesting. All the usual legal disclaimers apply. You are free to repost
  this story on public websites provided all the following conditions are met:
  i) The content of the story is posted complete and without changes ii) No charge
  will be made to anyone to read the story iii) Your website is completely legal.  
THE GIRLS OF BLUE MOUNTAIN &ndash; By Arzak Blake  
Chapter I  
I was really impressed by the stories Sally had been telling me for the past
  couple of weeks. To be honest, I still don't know whether or not to believe
  her, as it is really hard for me to believe that young girls like us could
  have such amount freedom in other parts of the world. On the one hand the stories
  could be an invention of hers for some purpose, and on the other hand her past
  experiences (should them be true) would explain why she has so much trouble
  adapting to Blue Mountain's School for Young Ladies. I had to cut her in the
  middle of her story, as it was close to 9pm's inspection and neither of us
  would like to be caught unprepared. We quickly adjusted the pillows on our
  shared bed and straightened our bodies laying down on our tummies. Then we
  assumed the regulatory inspection position, pulling up our nightgowns to the
  waist, putting our hands on top of our heads and slightly opening our legs
  about one feet apart. All the other girls did the same and quickly there were
  30 girls on 15 beds properly positioned for inspection. Around fifteen minutes
  later, the dorm door opened with a squeak, and the Dorm Matron stepped in.  
Blue Mountain was a centuries old, totally isolated small community. The
  town was led by the Council of the Elders, a group of mature men that pretty
  much controlled everything that happened in town. The members of the Council
  were the only ones who had any form of contact with the outside world. For
  the rest of the members of the community, the world simply began and end in
  Blue Mountain, and having contact with anyone outside the community simply
  was not in their mindsets.  
The social environment had changed very little over the years. Blue Mountain
  was a patriarchal society totally dominated by men. Girls were educated to
  be submissive to men's authority from a very early age. Until they reached
  puberty, little girls lived at home and basically helped their mothers around
  the house. Once they became teenagers, they were sent to the School for Young
  Ladies to complete their education. Throughout the week they stayed in the
  school and went home only on weekends. Boys were separated from their families
  at a very early age and went to live full time at the School for Young Men.
  The School was practically a town on its own and thus boys had little contact
  with their families and saw them only a few times a year. Furthermore, it was
  rare to see a boy around main town area. After their education was completed,
  they usually got married (with the Council's approval) and started their own
  families.  
The town's tradition dictated strict rules to be followed by women since
  they were little. Although it was not said openly, the rules were designed
  to make woman totally obedient to men in every aspect of their lives. Girls
  were made to follow rules on the widest variety of subjects, from dress codes
  to physical positions. As girls were growing up, new rules were added constantly.
  A teenage girl would have a very long list of rules to follow and no authority
  over younger girls. When woman grew old enough to marry, they acquired certain
  rights and authority over younger girls but under no circumstances over any
  man.  
The Dorm matron walked slowly to the end of the dorm room carefully looking
  at everybody, making sure we all were ready for inspection.  
- Panties Down! -She said with an authoritative voice-. I want to see thirty
  pairs of bottoms bare and ready this instant!  
At a unison, still laying on our tummies, we all lowered or regulation panties
  to our knees and quickly returned our hands to our heads. Sally was visibly
  nervous about the inspection, as she had been every night for the past month.
  I even had been able to catch a few glimpses of her bottom and saw she was
  clenching her cheeks in fear and anticipation.  
- Donna and Allison, present yourselves!  
At that moment, our bed neighbors knelt on their bed with their bottoms high
  in the air and their hands holding their necks, heads still down over the bed.
  The matron caressed their cheeks lightly and carefully inspected both girls'
  bottoms, anus and back of the legs. She then proceeded to lubricate Allison's
  anus with vaseline. Allison's face contracted with the feel of the cold Vaseline
  on her. A moment later, the Matron introduced a rectal thermometer and instructed
  the girl to stay still. Poor Allison will have to wait in that uncomfortable
  position until inspection was over, or even later should the Matron decide
  to. The Matron then turned her attention to Donna, whose bum legs showed several
  red and purple marks. With a smile of satisfaction, slapped Donna's right cheek
  and made the girl moan a little.  
- Does your bottom still hurts? &ndash;asked rhetorically  
- Yes Miss. &ndash;The girl responded with a soft, trembling voice  
- Hope you will remember what your place is next time, girl. &ndash;The matron
  said while moving on to the next bed  
One by one each pair of girls were ordered to present themselves to the Matron.
  Sally especially hated and feared these inspections, her bottom trembling with
  more and more anticipation as our turn approached. This Matron was stricter
  than the one we had before her, and seemed to enjoy the nervousness she caused
  to all of us. She slapped our bottoms and legs for the slightest misbehavior
  during the process, and regularly issued punishments for the next day. There
  was a lot of rules to remember, thus all of us were in constant fear of being
  punished. We had to sleep always on our tummies. Fifteen minutes before inspection,
  we had to pull our short regulation nightgowns to our waist exposing our panties.
  Then we had to put our hands on hour heads and spread our legs about a feet
  wide, no more, no less. No talking or whispering was allowed at any time. We
  also had to look straight and have our lips partially open as always. When
  ordered to present, we had to kneel maintaining our head lowered and hour hands
  on our necks. We had to stay still no matter what Matrons did to us. This one
  had the cruel habit of slapping all the girls who showed recent marks on their
  bottoms of legs. If you yelled while she did that you could be punished further.
  Sometimes she would make a girl take her panties completely off and insert
  them on her own mouth. Some other times she would make all of us sleep totally
  nude, no sheets, or cover of any kind. She could also tie our hands to the
  bed.  
This matron was especially strict on the no talking rules. If she caught
  two girls doing so, she would order them to strip naked, and get on all fours
  in the floor next to their bed. Then she would made the girls lick the floor
  with their tongue for the next fifteen minutes. Then she would strap both girls
  on the backs of their legs. The Matron would repeat this procedure every night
  for a week.  
When inspection was finished, we all but three chastised girls were instructed
  to pull up our panties and down our nightgowns and get to sleep. The three
  chastised girls would sleep in the nude and have a punishment session the next
  day.  
Chapter II  
"I can't believe this people" Sally thought during breakfast. "I hate their
  rules! I hate this school! I hate this town!". Several months ago, Sally's
  parents had been killed in a car accident, leaving her alone and with no relatives
  in the world. Her father had been a close friend of a member of the Council
  of the Elders at Blue Mountain, and had stated in his will that in the case
  of an accident, his friend Mr. Watkinson was to become the legal guardian of
  her only daughter. Although Sally's father knew the unusual traditions in Blue
  Mountain, he felt that his friend was the only one he could really trust to
  care for Sally should a tragedy happen. When notified of the accident, Mr.
  Watkinson came for Sally and quickly became her legal guardian.  
Mr. Watkinson introduced Sally to her new life at Blue Mountain. The introduction
  of foreigners to the town was an absolute rarity. Only older people could remember
  the last time an outsider moved to live there. The first few months were difficult
  for both Sally and her new parents, as both of them came from very different
  worlds. Nonetheless, the Watkinsons made a big effort to help Sally recover
  from the tragedy and adapt to her new lifestyle.  
Although her parents were very strict, Sally was used to a more "normal" degree
  of freedom. Until the accident, she had attended a very strict school for girls,
  so she was no stranger to corporal punishment and many other disciplinary measures.
  However, that was nothing compared to what she was forced to endure at Blue
  Mountain's School for young Ladies.  
At midmorning's break, she met Alice, the only good friend she had made so
  far in this madtown. Alice was her bedmate, and that had given both girls plenty
  of occasions to chat and become good friends.  
"Hey, Alice" Sally greeted to her friend "How did you do at today's math
  quiz?"  
"O.K. I guess" Alice replied "I just hope I get the last two question right,
  for my bum's sake" added rubbing the back of her short uniform skirt.  
During the conversation, Sally told Alice about how she used to go to the
  movies with her friends, only boys and girls; about the coolest designer's
  jeans that were so fashionable among girls where she used to live; and how
  some of her friends rebelled against their parents and got away with it. Sally
  also told Alice about TV News, mixed schools, divorces among their friend's
  parents and many other things that seemed perfectly normal for her, but were
  completely new to Alice and frankly, hard to believe.  
Going to the movies boys and girls together without any adult? "That's Nuts!" Alice
  thought. Girls wearing jeans?! "Jeeezzz, that's absolutely forbidden" Alice
  told her friend. "You better not be caught wearing any sort of pants, since
  it's a very serious offense here" Sally advised.  
Blue Mountain wanted obedient females and a powerful way to achieve this
  objective was strict control over what girls could or could not wear. Pants
  were seen as a privilege reserved exclusively for men. Therefore, it was mandatory
  for all females to keep their legs bare and exposed at all times. Girls in
  their teens were only allowed to wear short summer-type dresses or short skirts.
  The hem could not reach below mid-thigh in any case. On some occasions, girls
  were made to dress in short-shorts. Even in the cold winter months, girls would
  have to have their legs exposed at all times.  
Any adult, even strangers could reprimand any younger girl for any misdemeanor.
  Most adults took advantage over a girl's bare thighs and had the cruel habit
  of applying a quick corrective slap every time they felt was needed. Not relinquishing
  her seat or not standing quickly enough when an adult entered the room were
  common causes for a slapping.  
At home, a teen girl's mother (whose age had earned her the privilege to
  wear knee-length skirts, reinforcing her authority over younger girls) would
  decide on her daughter's clothing (of course, following the town's traditions),
  so most girls were used to being told what to dress at all times.  
Underwear was also out of the teen girls' control. The parents (usually the
  mother) would decide the model, color and whether or not a girl would wear
  panties. Some parents did not allow their daughters any undergarment during
  the entire winter, as a form of discipline.  
If a teen girl was under punishment (which could last from a couple of hours
  to several days or even weeks), she was made to wear a 'punishment uniform'
  when out of home. The uniform might vary from family to family, but in the
  majority of cases consisted on a very short pleated white skirt (barely covering
  the teen's cheeks) a tanktop and sandals. The girl would be made to wear at
  all times a hat that read 'I'm a girl under punishment' as a form of humiliation.
  No underwear was allowed during punishment. If weather was very cold or raining,
  most girls would be allowed a yellow waist-length raincoat. A few families
  were stricter and made their daughters under punishment parade semi-nude in
  public wearing only the skirt and hat on.  
The hat and restricted clothing indicated every passing adult the girl's
  disciplinary status. Social manners expected passing adults to help somehow
  in a girl's correction provided they had the time. Most mothers would make
  their daughters under punishment go out and run errands several times a day.
  When running the errand, the girls then would be intercepted by a number of
  adults and would have to submit to any chastisement or chore they decided.  
"There was this time when I was running an errand for my mother while on
  punishment uniform" Alice told her friend in a whisper tone. "Damn Mrs. Skinner
  intercepted me and took me to her house, where she made me do sit-ups and run
  laps around her hose, in order to get me tired. Then she made me lower my punishment
  skirt and strapped me about 20 times and made me kneel on the corner for 15
  minutes, it was awful. I guess she had an eye on me since she believes her
  stupid daughter had been punished in school for my cause. Any way, -Alice added-
  the thing did not end up there, the bitch made me mop her kitchen still bare
  from the waist down, with my red ass on display. Once I had finished, I had
  to lick the floor to demonstrate her that I had done a good job, or else get
  another strapping and start all over."  
Sally was on the verge or tears. "What have I done to be sent to a place
  like this" She thought. Alice tried to comfort her friend, not understanding
  why she reacted so strangely to perfectly normal events of life at Blue Mountain.  
THE GIRLS OF BLUE MOUNTAIN &ndash; By Arzak Blake  
&hellip; from the previous chapter  
"There was this time when I was running an errand for my mother while on
  punishment uniform" Alice told her friend in a whisper tone. "Damn Mrs. Skinner
  intercepted me and took me to her house, where she made me do sit-ups and run
  laps around her hose, in order to get me tired. Then she made me lower my punishment
  skirt and strapped me about 20 times and made me kneel on the corner for 15
  minutes, it was awful. I guess she had an eye on me since she believes her
  stupid daughter had been punished in school for my cause. Any way, -Alice added-
  the thing did not end up there, the bitch made me mop her kitchen still bare
  from the waist down, with my red ass on display. Once I had finished, I had
  to lick the floor to demonstrate her that I had done a good job, or else get
  another strapping and start all over."  
Sally was on the verge or tears. "What have I done to be sent to a place
  like this" She thought. Alice tried to comfort her friend, not understanding
  why she reacted so strangely to perfectly normal events of life at Blue Mountain.  
Chapter II &ndash; School Life  
In compliance with the tradition, the uniform at Blue Mountain's School for
  Young Ladies consisted on a short white pleated skirt (which covered a mere
  couple of inches below the girl's cheeks), red knee socks and sandals. A short
  sleeved white shirt and a red tie were also part of the uniform. The shirt
  was cut high, exposing the girl's belly button and lower back. White regulation
  underwear completed the outfit. Wearing a bra was strictly prohibited.  
The white color of the uniform made it easy to check cleanliness and proper
  appearance, thus teaching the girls to be neat and presentable at all times.
  The short length of the skirt made the application of quick corrective slaps
  on their thighs very practical, a feature most adults took advantage of on
  a regular basis.  
Upon a teacher entering a classroom, the schoolgirls had to immediately stand
  at attention, and could not move until told to seat. If a girl did not stand
  quickly enough, she usually was made to kneel behind her bench for the remainder
  of the class. However, the more severe teachers applied further disciplinary
  measures, ranging from a few spanks with the strap to an entire afternoon in
  detention.  
With a profound sigh, Sally asked Alice to go through the rules for assembly
  time, as the last time she was severely punished for several infractions.  
With a smile of patience, Alice started explaining once more:  
 
   
    "Well, first of all you
      should remember in advance which days are scheduled for assembly. Take
      into consideration that your uniform has to be a-b-s-o-l-u-t-e-l-y perfect
      those days, you won't get away with anything. The first thing we have to
      do is line up outside the assembly room, in our assigned places standing
      at attention. Next, after directed to enter the room we have to line up
      in front of the south wall, facing it with our hands on our heads and feet
      together and wait for further instructions. This is when the prefects pass
      behind us to begin the first inspection round. After they complete the
      round, they order us to get ready for uniform inspection. This is when
      we have to rise our skirts all the way up and keep them there for as long
      as they wish. Don't forget that they check both, inside and outside of
      the skirt, so don't make the mistake of not keeping both sides clean. "  
   
 
 
   
    "I hate, hate, hate that
      part!" Interrupted Sally. "These people are crazy, a girl should not be
      made to show herself in public like that! Furthermore, what the hell are
      they doing inspecting our panties? It's humiliating! And that damn room
      is sooo cold! I always get goosebumps all over my legs!"  
   
 
 
   
    "Well&hellip;" replied Alice "&hellip;Miss
      Ericsson told us some time ago that apart from teaching us the importance
      of being neat and clean at all times, the inspections are a wonderful reminder
      of our place. She added that inspections get stupid rebellion thoughts
      outside our heads. Are you rebellious Sally?"  
   
 
 
   
    "Hell no!" Sally said " I
      always prided myself in being an obedient girl, but this is too much!"  
   
 
 
   
    "You will just have to get
      used to it I guess&hellip; Oh damn!" -Sally said anxiously- "Come on, its
      almost class time! We better run or we'll be late for the exam!"  
   
 
Both girls barely made it to the classroom, and grabbed their seats together
  with the rest of the class. A couple of seconds later, Miss Watkinson entered
  the room.  
There were special rules for exams at Blue Mountain's School. The school
  authorities had great pride on their measures against cheating, ensuring the
  high education standards of the institution.  
As usual, girls had to stand at attention when the teacher entered the room.
  In exam time, however, the also had to extend their arms to the sides, the
  pencil on the right hand, eraser on the left. (Left-handed girls always got
  confused about this, and got themselves in trouble, since they were forced
  to use their right hand to write. Furthermore, they were punished if their
  handwriting was less than perfect, something most of them found very difficult
  to achieve.)  
While holding their arms, teachers randomly inspected a few girls. Mindless
  to say, if a girl was ever caught with a cheatsheet or something similar, she
  was in deep, deep trouble. Sometimes the school principal would arrive in the
  middle of the exam and perform some additional verification looking for cheatsheets.
  If something was found on any girl, the teacher would be reprimanded. For this
  reason, they were very intrusive and careful on inspections. The girl being
  inspected was made at least to get nude from the waist down. In most cases,
  however, she had to get completely naked. Then she had to bend over and spread
  her own butt cheeks so nothing was hidden in the anus. Every inch of the girl's
  skin was scanned. Thereafter, she had to open her mouth wide to allow for further
  search, including below the tongue. Most times she was made to keep her mouth
  open until the end of inspection. Since this was easy to forget, it was the
  perfect excuse to issue detention slips to unsympathetic girls. Some teachers
  made the bustier girls to lift their breasts by the nipples to ensure nothing
  was hidden where the skin bends. After inspection was over, the girl had to
  wait in the anus inspection position until the rest of her classmates were
  done. Then they could get their clothes and seat.  
A few years ago, a number of cheatsheets were caught hidden under uniform
  skirts and in some cases written by the girl on her own thigh skin. Since then,
  the anti-cheating measures were toughened. In addition to random inspections,
  all the girls were now made to take their skirts, shoes and socks off for the
  duration of the exam so nothing "illegal" could stay out of the teachers' sight.
  It was considered practically impossible to hide something in the shirts thus
  they stayed. In the case of the tie, although it was possible to hide something
  behind it, teachers usually let the girls wear it thus providing an opportunity
  to catch a cheater. It was forbidden to wear panties on exam day, so students
  took the exams completely bare from the waist down, including of course during
  winter months.  
During the exam, Sally managed to take out a few notes hidden inside her
  school tie. She had made sure Miss Watkinson was not looking her way but she
  forgot to check the door window, and to her disgrace the principal happened
  to check at that moment.  
 
   
    "Sally!!!" shouted the principal
      while abruptly entering the classroom " Get up this instant!!" Twenty surprised
      girls were taken away from their concentration and hurried to stand up
      as the principal entered. Immediately, the principal shouted with an authoritative
      voice "All of you sit down now except Sally and Alice!". "Dear Alice" -the
      principal said in a consequent tone, while ignoring Sally- "Have you forgotten
      what to do when a superior enters the room?" "Oh no, Sir, I mean&hellip; I
      haven't forgotten Sir&hellip;I'm very, very sorry Sir" &ndash; Alice said
      in the verge of tears. "So, now you are calling me a liar?. If you had
      not forgotten the rules, you would have stood up promptly  when
      I entered, isn't it?". "Oh, but Sir&hellip;" -Alice said in a whisper- "OK,
      enough chatting" &ndash; the principal interrupted a trembling Alice- "Get
      on your hands and knees at floor level. You will continue your exam in
      this position, but before you do&hellip;" &ndash;principal continued with
      a louder and dramatic tome-" please get another pencil and insert it on
      your body as if it was a rectal thermometer, as punishment for your infraction.
      You will keep the pencil inside you for the rest of the day, and will go
      to my office after your last class. Of course, you will take the rest of
      your classes standing, unless you want to inflict sever damage to yourself" Openly
      crying, Alice inserted the pencil in her own anus, got on her hands and
      knees and tried to go on with the exam.  
   
 
- "Well, well, well" &ndash;the principal continued this time facing a contrite
  Sally- "what do we have here&hellip;. nothing less than a cheat sheet!" -said
  while grabbing Sally's notes from her tie "&hellip; sooo, please be so kind
  as to go to the center of the school patio, kneel with your hands on your neck
  and wait for further instructions". Sally was very good at cheating at her
  old school and was actually the very first time she had been caught. She inhaled
  some air ready to begin pleading for mercy but a quick look from Alice in the
  floor told her otherwise. Sadly for Alice, the school principal noticed her
  gesture&hellip; "Alice! This punishment was not enough for you perhaps? Can't
  you concentrate for a minute, dear? Come see me after your exam, in the meanwhile
  please take out another pencil and repeat the procedure as before&hellip;" After
  Alice completed the operation with new tears in her eyes, principal suddenly
  turned towards Sally, and instructed her to hurry up. As Sally bend to pick
  her clothes, principal grabbed her by the hair, forcing the girl's head backwards
  and looking straight to her eyes said in an almost mumbling voice -"What exactly
  do you think you are doing young lady? Have I told you to pick your clothes?
  Of course not!&hellip; Your little defying attitude will end soon my dear&hellip;.
  Now go and do what I said" principal concluded with a couple of sharp slaps
  on Sally's bare butt.  
After 45 minutes kneeling, Sally's knees and arms were hurting real bad.
  This time, however, she was really scared and her fear was stronger than her
  pain so she stayed in the required position, much to her dismay. After a few
  minutes, the Principal arrived. Sally thought she would be finally allowed
  to get up, but instead she endured a good 15 minutes of lecturing while still
  kneeling. She was then made to run several laps with her hands still on her
  neck and trembling knees. As the principal expected, her shaking legs got cramped
  and she fall on the hard floor. Her sore arms did not allow her reflexes to
  act quickly enough and she ended with both knees and elbows peeled. Since her
  injuries were not considered serious by her punisher, she was forced to go
  on with her punishment instead being allowed to the infirmary. Immediately
  after the laps she was marched towards the principal's office&hellip;  
Much later&hellip;.  
A very contrite and tearful Sally was slowly walking home when she saw Alice
  wearing some strange clothing. A second later she recognized Alice's punishment
  uniform: red short-shorts with a matching hat reading "I'm a girl under punishment" and
  red sandals. Sally's thighs had lots of red handprints on them and she was
  carrying a heavy load of books. Sally ran towards her friend and both girls
  hugged with tears on their eyes.  
 
   
    "I'm sorry Alice, I'm sorry,
      I'm sorry to have caused you trouble" said Sally fearing that her only
      friend would get mad at her. "Geez Sally don't worry" Alice replied holding
      Sally by the shoulders with both hands &ndash;"I am kinda used to this.
      Instead, look at you. You still don't get that life is like this and that
      we have to follow orders without questioning, bargaining, pleading etc.
      etc. Just do as your elders say, and save yourself this troubles" Alice
      said almost pleading. "&hellip; What did the principal did to you? Turn
      around and let me look at your bottom" Sally stepped back starting to cry
      again "No, please, don't make me show you. This punishment is so humiliating!" "Come
      on, silly" Alice said impatiently "I'm your friend here, not that I'll
      make fun of you or anything". Still fearing that Alice could get mad, Sally
      turned around, her thighs showing the characteristic blue and purple marks
      of a severe caning. Alice started to lift her friend's skirt to inspect
      her bottom but Sally stepped to a side and stopped her "No, please Sally,
      this is shameful!" and started crying again. After a long hug, Sally finally
      calmed down and said between sobs -"Well Alice, you are my friend and you
      will see it sooner or later anyway" and with very red face turned around
      and lifted her skirt. Her bottom showed a lot of purple marks of the cane.
      In a very contrasting green color, a legend was written on Sally's cheeks: "cheater". "Oh!" Alice
      said a bit surprised, "I hadn't seen one of these in a while". Still sobbing,
      Sally replied &ndash;"and I am not allowed to rub this damn thing off me
      in a week, and every time I see a teacher during that time, I have to turn
      around and lift my own skirt and ask for a strapping". "I know, Sally.
      I had the same punishment last year. Listen, I better get going to deliver
      these books or my mom will strap me again, I'm under punishment for the
      exam thing. Remember that the ink they use is not the permanent type, so
      don't dare to rub or put anything on your bottom or the letters will fade
      and the Principal will cane you again for that. It will pass soon. See
      your tomorrow". "Bye" replied Sally while resisting the urge to rub.  
   
 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Arzak Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





