BDSM Library - Joanna's First Gynecological Exam




Joanna's First Gynecological Exam
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Joanna has never had a gynecological exam and that fact is what Dr. Michael is betting on.  He intends to humiliate and abuse her lovely body with the help of his colleagues.Author: Powerone  
Title: Joanna's First Gynecological Exam  
Part: Chapter 1 Preliminary Exam  
Summary: Joanna has never had a gynecological exam and that fact is what
  Dr. Michael is betting on. He intends to humiliate and abuse her lovely body
  with the help of his colleagues.  
Keywords: M+/F, anal, oral, bd, humil, enem  
Copyright 2004 by Powerone. Author may be contacted at controlher@hotmail.com   
Joanna's First Gynecological Exam  
 Dr. Michael readied the new exam room for its first patient
  of the day. He'd had the room specially equipped to take advantage of the females
  he specifically chose from the young, inexperienced students who received medical
  examinations at no charge. In exchange for this free service they would allow
  medical students to be present during the exams. Or these females would think
  the men present at their exams were medical students. Dr. Michael never let
  actual medical students take part; instead he usually invited some of his friends.
  It was an exceptional chance to abuse a young girl at whim and get away with
  it.  
 He checked the chart of the next patient, Joanna, a nineteen-year-old
  university student from Stratford, Ontario. Many university students visited
  his clinic, which was exactly why he located it close to campus. He didn't
  practice medicine for the money; he had more then he could ever spend. He simply
  enjoyed female flesh. And, the younger, the better. He preferred young, inexperienced
  girls who could be easily controlled by an authoritative person, such as a
  doctor.  
He had never met Joanna, but there
  was a picture of her in the chart. She appeared to be tall, about five feet
  ten with obviously long legs. Blonde hair covered her breasts, which is what
  initially peaked his interested in her. He loved the sight of a girl naked
  from the waist up, hair concealing her naked breasts; but just the possibility
  of a hard nipple peeking out from between the blonde strands would make his
  cock so hard. He looked at her breasts, guessing them to be about 36C's, but
  he would soon find out for himself. He enjoyed inspecting breasts very intimately.
  The picture did not show her ass, but soon she would be stripped naked on his
  cold metal table, her legs spread high and wide in the metal stirrups. He even
  had large leather straps for the ankles, to "protect her from hurting herself"&mdash;or
  so he would tell her. He and his "interns" would have her spread open, with
  hands and fingers in all of her orifices.  
 Even though she was nineteen, Joanna had never had a g
  ynecological exam before. Unwittingly, she was a perfect candidate for Dr.
  Michael, not knowing what was expected, gullible enough to accept almost anything
  that would be done to her innocent body. She had been told that it would be
  a very extensive exam done under a research grant and would require a minimum
  of four hours. Since it was free, she would be required to give them her full
  cooperation in whatever they asked and she accepted this condition.  
Dr. Michael knew Joanna was sitting
  just outside in the lobby filling out the spurious forms. There were so many
  of them, over 30 pages of "legalese" that his receptionist told her was necessary.
  She had started reading them but became bored after two pages and finally went
  directly to the last page and simply signed it. Had she read it, she would
  have seen some rather important clauses. The section where it described the
  research project for the study of the Masturbatory Practices of the Female
  College Student and that the volunteers would be required to masturbate during
  the exam or allow one of his medical staff to masturbate her "as many times
  as necessary." Or the stipulation that should the volunteer decide not to complete
  the extensive exam, she would be liable for all costs incurred, which could
  reach as high as several thousands of dollars. Or that the volunteer will be
  photographed and/or videotaped during the exam, while nude and engaged in or
  being masturbated, for teaching purposes. She would soon find out the sad truth
  of what she had signed.  
 The receptionist smiled at Joanna, "you may go in now,
  Joanna. The doctor will be with you in a few minutes. Just have a seat. The
  beginning of the exam will be getting your history. Relax," she added when
  she noticed how nervous Joanna was. She won't be nervous by time she is finished,
  the knowing receptionist thought. Dr. Michael would make her cum so many times
  before he was done, she would be barely able to walk. As Joanna disappeared
  into the office, the receptionist picked up her purse, left the office and
  locked the door, putting up the "Closed" sign. Dr. Michael did not like to
  be disturbed during testing. His friends had already arrived and were dressed
  in their "doctor" coats, with stethoscopes around their necks, waiting for
  their chance at the fresh meat.  
 Joanna looked around the large, sterile room with some
  fear. She had heard about g ynecological exams and dreaded the thought of being
  trussed up naked and spread like a plucked chicken, but the school required
  a yearly physical and a bi-yearly g ynecological exam in order to participate
  in sports. Her budget was severely limited and she jumped at the opportunity
  for the free exam when recommended by a girl at school. What Joanna did not
  know was that the girl was paid by Dr. Michael to recruit others for his exams,
  but only after he had done an extensive background check on them, something
  he could easily afford. The pictures and videos that were produced from the
  exams made him thousands of dollars in the overseas markets, especially Japan.
  They could never get enough videos of naked, blonde teens being examined by
  doctors. His videos showing their forced orgasms were the best in the market.  
 Joanna looked at the metal table with dread, imagining
  what would happen on it. She shivered at the sight of the evil looking stirrups,
  made worse by the leather straps around them. Would her legs be bound to them
  while spread? She had not thought of that, assuming that she would merely place
  her feet in them.  
She noticed another table near
  the wall, with a drain near the center, two-inch walls up the side and a large
  spray nozzle hanging down from the ceiling. Across the center was a raised
  portion about five inches wide and padded with heavy rubber. In each of the
  four corners were the evil leather straps again, no doubt to fully restrain
  the patient. It was definitely big enough to hold the spread body of an individual.  
She could not tell what was underneath
  the white towels on the smaller, movable tables, but she presumed that they
  were instruments used for the examination, including the dreaded speculum.
  She had seen pictures of them and she cringed at the thought of something that
  big going inside her let alone spreading her open from within.  
Dr. Michael entered the room,
  his eyes immediately drawn to Joanna. She was as beautiful as her picture,
  long blonde hair flowing down in front, covering her breasts exactly as he'd
  imagined. She wore a button-down blouse and jeans so low on her hips it left
  her stomach naked. He could tell she was tall even as she sat and couldn't
  wait to see her long legs naked. She had such lovely lips, the type that looked
  so nice wrapped around your cock, sweet eyes looking up at you as you fed more
  cock deep into her mouth. "Good morning, Joanna, I'm Dr. Michael. I want to
  thank you for volunteering for our study. It is so important that we get people
  who will take the time to help in our important research."  
"Thank you Dr. Michael. I hope
  I will do well. I'm really nervous about it. I've never had a gynecological
  exam before and I'm not sure what to expect." Joanna shifted nervously in her
  chair, the doctor's eyes looking her body up and down as she talked. Damn Joanna,
  he's a doctor. He is supposed to be doing that. Relax, it will be OK, she thought,
  trying to calm herself.  
"I will guide you through the
  whole thing, Joanna; explain it as we go. I have three colleagues who will
  join us after we go through your medical history. This is a teaching clinic
  as well as a research clinic. I know it will be a little uncomfortable for
  you with so many people in the room, but we will keep you as relaxed as possible.
  If you would like, we could give you a mild tranquilizer to calm your nerves.
  All you have to do is ask."  
Joanna felt a little better. Dr.
  Michael seemed genuinely interested in making sure she was comfortable. As
  for the other doctors, she would just close her eyes and make believe no one
  else was there. "It's OK Dr. Michael. I appreciate your candor. I'll be OK."  
"Fine, you seem to be a very mature
  woman. I'm going to begin with your medical history. I'm going to ask one of
  the interns to join us to help take notes and he may have some additional questions.
  He is a new intern so if he seems a little blunt, take into account that he
  has not had the practice that the others have. Just answer him frankly and
  I will discuss his approach with him after your exam. Is that OK Joanna?" Dr.
  Michael smiled at her.  
"Yes, that is OK." She watched
  Dr. Michael push a button on his desk. Within a minute, a door opened and another
  doctor walked in. He was older, somewhere in his mid forties. She had expected
  a younger man.  
"This is Dr. Steve, Joanna."  
"Good morning Joanna." He was
  very businesslike, without the flair of Dr. Michael. He sat down next to Joanna,
  a pad in his hand.  
"Good morning Dr. Steve." He wasn't
  as handsome as Dr. Michael either; he had a rugged look that you would not
  expect to see in a doctor. Maybe that is why he was older, perhaps becoming
  a doctor as a second career.  
The questioning began with her
  medical history, diseases and illnesses she had, her parents' medical history
  and the usual questions regarding her menstrual cycle. Then it got to sex.  
"One of out four women will have
  a sexually-transmitted disease in her lifetime. These diseases can cause sterility,
  cancer as well as problems with pregnancy, childbirth and infant health," Dr.
  Michael stated to her. "Very often, women have no symptoms. That is why it
  is important for me to know whether you are at risk for sexually transmitted
  infections. Don't let your embarrassment become a health risk. I will not know
  unless you tell me if you've had vaginal, oral or anal intercourse, how many
  partners you have had or if you masturbate. You must answer my questions truthfully
  and fully. I need to know all of the details to determine the risk. Do you
  understand Joanna?" then he added, "I think you are mature enough to understand
  the situation."  
He was right, he was a trained
  doctor and she knew that she would have to give him all the information, even
  though it might humiliate her. "Yes Dr. Michael. I will answer all of your
  questions truthfully."  
"Fine, Joanna. Are you a virgin?  
"No," she answered quickly.  
"Have you had more then one partner?" Dr.
  Steve asked.  
"Yes."  
"A more detailed answer would
  make this go faster," Dr. Steve shot back. "I'm sure you understand the reasons
  for our questions; you seem to be an intelligent girl." He appeared to be a
  little angry.  
Both doctors looked at her, waiting
  for her answer. "I've had vaginal intercourse with two different partners,
  the first was only for a short time, we did it only twice; the second was a
  little longer, but was still only three times, other than that, I haven't had
  vaginal intercourse," she revealed her entire sexual history in one long breath.  
"Thank you Joanna, that was very
  helpful." He smiled at her and gave Dr. Steve an irksome look.  
"Did you enjoy it Joanna?" Dr.
  Steve asked.  
Surprised at the question but
  determined to respond honestly and not make Dr. Michael angrier, she blurted
  out, "It hurt the first couple of times. Both of them had big cocks-- I mean
  penises, sorry." Joanna took a deep breath then quietly admitted, "They seemed
  to be more interested in cumming than in umm&hellip; than in making me cum."  
"That's fine, Joanna" Dr. Michael
  smiled, "Use whatever language you are comfortable with. Have you ever given
  oral intercourse?" Dr. Michael waited anxiously for her answer.  
"Once. My last boyfriend forced
  himself on me. He stuck his cock in my mouth and made me suck him until he
  came. He was mad when I spit it out." Joanna remembered how he had held her
  head with both his hands, pulling her back and forth on to his cock as if her
  mouth were her pussy. She'd choked and gagged when he pushed all the way into
  the back of her throat but he slapped down her hands when she tried to stop
  him. He finally finished in her mouth, bathing it with his hot, salty cum.
  It tasted terrible, so thick. She spit it out and that had made him angry.
  That was the last time they had dated.  
"Did you like the taste of his
  semen, Joanna?" Dr. Steve asked her, while imagining her lips wrapped around
  his own cock.  
"No, it was so thick and salty." Her
  face grimaced as she recalled the taste. "It hung in my mouth for days no matter
  how many times I brushed my teeth or gargled."  
You will have to learn to love
  it, Joanna. By the end of the day, your mouth will be filled with cum. Dr.
  Steve's pleasant smile hid his thoughts from her. "Some girls don't like the
  taste of semen. It's like a fine scotch," he explained, "the taste is acquired."  
"The only way I would do it again
  would be if I were forced," she shot back.  
And so it will be, Joanna, Dr.
  Michael silently said to himself then asked, "have you ever had anal intercourse,
  been sodomized, Joanna?"  
"NO! NEVER!" She would never do
  that. Only gay men had sex that way. She barely let a boy touch her ass cheeks,
  never mind the tiny anus tucked between her tight cheeks.  
Ignoring her outburst, Dr. Steve
  asked, "Do you masturbate, Joanna?"  
"Yes, a couple of times a week," she
  whispered, embarrassed, not sure if that was more than most girls.  
"That's not unusual for a girl
  your age, Joanna," Dr. Michael assured her, as if reading her mind. "A small
  number of girls do it even more often." Dr. Michael's research showed that
  college girls without a current boyfriend were chronic masturbators. Then he
  casually tossed out the next question, "at what age did you first start you
  masturbating?"  
Joanna looked nervously at Dr.
  Michael and murmured, "twelve." What would he think of her?  
"Many girls begin at an early
  age Joanna. It is nothing to be ashamed of," Dr. Steve gave her a smirk as
  he thought about the number of times they would make her cum today. She'd be
  caught up for a month, he laughed to himself.  
"Obviously you enjoy it and you
  seem to have a healthy, though sparse sex life, so it has not hurt you. Masturbation
  is a very important part of a healthy sex life and we will discuss that later.
  We might be able to help you learn to enjoy it more." Dr. Michael smiled at
  her, prompting hers in return.  
"Thank you, Dr. Michael." She
  liked Dr. Michael; Dr. Steve was another story.  
Dr. Michael pushed the button
  on his desk again, the door opened and two more men in white coats walked in.
  It was so quick, it seemed as if they were just outside the door. They were
  older men like Dr. Steve. Joanna's face showed her obvious confusion.  
"Joanna, this is Dr. Bill and
  Dr. James. I see you have noticed that most of my interns are older. They have
  been doctors for a number of years but in general practice. They have decided
  to specialize in gynecology and obstetrics as board certified doctors, so they
  must spend time as an intern, just as a new doctor would. Doctors, why don't
  you have a seat? We have a lot of work to accomplish and need to get started." Michael
  watched Johanna as they sat on either side of her, each assuring themselves
  of an unobstructed view of her body.  
"Can you bring your chair closer
  to me, Joanna? I'm going to start with the breast exam. I'm not going to have
  you get into the standard paper examination gown that opens in the front. It
  is a little humiliating. You don't mind, do you?"  
Joanna felt relieved. She thought
  she would have to strip immediately. Dr. Michael seemed to be very sensitive
  to her needs and fears. She was glad that he was doing the examination. "Thank
  you," she acknowledged gratefully and moved her chair closer, only inches from
  his.  
Dr. Michael's hands reached out
  and pushed her hair from the front of her shirt-covered breasts. "You have
  very beautiful hair, Joanna." His fingers lightly brushed her face, feeling
  her shiver. "Joanna has a very nice pair of breasts," he began to talk to the
  other doctors as if instructing them. His hands moved down, watching her eyes
  as they followed, not even flinching when his hands gently touched her breasts. "Very
  full and, we will soon discover, firm. Young girls' breasts can be very sensitive
  so you must be careful when manipulating them."  
Dr. Michael now addressed himself
  to her, "If it hurts, just tell me Joanna and I will stop." At her nod, he
  molded her breasts in his palms and hefted each globe, bouncing them gently.
  Joanna did not protest this manhandling of her but tensed when he moved his
  fingers to the buttons of her shirt and began to unbutton the first one. "Relax,
  take a deep breath. It will be all right," his voice soothing as he slowly
  unfastened her blouse.  
Joanna's hands clenched on the
  chair as Dr. Michael began to remove her blouse. This was not as she thought
  it would be. She expected she would be naked all at once, not with the doctor
  slowly undressing her like a lover. She wasn't sure how she felt about it.
  While it would be slower and less humiliating&mdash;or she thought it would
  be&mdash;the suspense was killing her. And the wetness she felt between her
  legs was surprising and embarrassing, like the feeling she got when she was
  making out with a boy. She felt him pull the short blouse to each side and
  knew her stomach was now completely naked, her bra revealed. She felt, rather
  than saw the doctors crane their necks to get a better view of her cleavage,
  her bra pushing up her twin peaks, a small gold cross highlighting the divide
  between them.  
Dr. Michael's hands returned to
  her bra-encased breasts, this time squeezing them a little, again with no protest
  coming from Joanna. Maybe she would enjoy a little pain; he thought and reminded
  himself to test her later. His hands ran lower on her body, feeling her suck
  in her stomach with her breath, unmoving as he touched her skin. He then stood
  up and walked behind her; she turned her head to see what he was doing. "Face
  the desk, Joanna, I'm going to remove your bra," he ordered her. Her swift
  obedience pleased him. He touched her shoulders, enjoying the goose bumps appear
  as she trembled. He leaned down and whispered in her ear, "Good girl, Joanna," then
  pushed her gently forward so his hands could find her bra catch. Over her shoulders,
  he watched her breasts push out her bra as she bent over, his cock jerking
  at the sight of her lovely globes.  
She could not see him, but she
  felt his every touch on her body and trembled at the contact. As her bra was
  released, her breasts spilled free of their containment, straps hanging from
  her shoulders. She was still bent over, no one able to see her breasts yet,
  but she knew it was only a matter of time.  
Dr. Michael let the straps slide
  from her shoulders and down her arms. He pushed her hair forward, sliding the
  long blonde locks over her naked breasts. "Take off your bra, Joanna and put
  it on my desk." Once more, she obeyed without question and he hoped her submissive
  attitude would continue when they would soon take advantage of her young body.
  He stood in front of her again, making sure her hair covered her naked breasts
  just as he liked to see it, though her palms were clutching her globes, hiding
  the naked treasures from their view, temporarily.  
She felt him touch her arms, knew
  his eyes were on her as he pulled her hands from her breasts. Now all eyes
  were on her breasts and she was exceedingly uncomfortable, as she knew they
  waited to see her naked mounds. Dr. Michael brushed her hair forward again;
  Joanna felt relief as blonde hair covered her naked breasts, ignorant of his
  little fetish. She felt her nipples pucker and harden as her hair caressed
  them, ashamed that her body reacted to the stimulation and knowing they would
  surely notice. She looked into Dr. Michael's eyes, silently pleading that he
  would not detect her body's betrayal, but the smile he gave her was all knowing.  
"Put your hands back on the arms
  of the chair, Joanna. I need to examine your naked breasts. Then he praised
  her, "You're being such a good girl."  
She pressed her naked back against
  the cold chair, arching a bit, thrusting her chest out. Her hands turned white
  from gripping the chair so hard, her lips clenched in anticipation. She looked
  down, her breasts covered by her blonde hair, but hints of her naked globes
  peeked from beneath. It was almost as if she was teasing them.  
"Now relax, Joanna. Dr. Steve
  is going to take a few pictures. They are for the training lectures. Nothing
  to worry about." But at his words, her hands shot up and covered her breasts
  again, a shocked look on her face. He stroked her cheek and pushed her hair
  from her eyes. "Relax, Joanna. It's normal procedure. We only use the pictures
  to compare to the doctors' notes. It verifies or denies our analyses and is
  a very important diagnostic tool used by all teaching and research hospitals.
  Now put your hands back down," he pressed, exerting a bit of force until she
  relented, her hands returning to the chair arms.  
Joanna sat there as Dr. Michael
  arranged her hair again, covering her breasts, his fingers accidentally grazing
  her nipples, the hard tips now twice their normal size. God, they were going
  to think she was a slut, getting excited just from a doctor's exam, she thought.
  Dr. Steve now moved in front of her with a small digital camera. She closed
  her eyes as the flash went off repeatedly, cringing at how she must look. She
  felt someone come close to her. She opened her eyes, Dr. Michael next to her
  face again.  
"That's good, Joanna," his voice
  scarcely above a whisper, "just a few more pictures then we'll move on to the
  examination."  
He caressed the front of her,
  lightly brushing a few strands of her hair out of the way, staring as her nipples
  once again poked through. He moved out of the way and she shut her eyes as
  Dr. Steve took more pictures, this time her nipples and areolas exposed to
  the harsh glare of the camera flash.  
"Excellent, now open your eyes,
  Joanna." Dr. Michael sat in the chair in front of her. "Doctors," he began
  and pulled back Joanna's hair, her breasts now fully exposed. Hefting her breasts
  in his hands, feeling her tremble as he let his fingers run over her nipples,
  teasing them, "you must be gentle when examining young girls' breasts like
  Joanna's." He smiled, "If you clench your hand on them, you can feel for lumps,
  bumps or thickening. Let your hand press in small circles all over the breast
  flesh, starting at the top outermost edge and spiral in to the nipple. You
  will notice that Joanna's nipples are extremely hard and long. Some patients
  may get sexually excited by this stimulation."  
His fingers moved in toward her
  areolas, large dark brown circles the size of a half dollar. They ran over
  the flesh, tiny goose bumps appearing on her breasts as he did. He caressed
  both breasts simultaneously, watching her shift in her chair, obviously aroused
  by the manipulation of her breasts.  
Joanna was so humiliated, unable
  to control her nipples, all of the doctors able to see how aroused she was.
  She felt the wetness between her legs, ashamed when they would do her pelvic
  and find her wet. Would it become worse when they completely stripped her and
  began to run their fingers over her pussy, as she was sure they would? "Mmmm," she
  quietly moaned as his fingers gripped her nipples, tightening on the sensitive
  tips. She felt the pain as he twisted them right then left.  
"Some girls like their breasts
  fondled a little harder than most. There is a fine line between pain and pleasure
  and nipples are very sensitive to this." Dr. Michael gripped her nipples a
  little tighter, his fingertips digging into the hard flesh. "Does that hurt
  too much Joanna? Would you like me to stop?" but he already knew the answer.
  Her lips were clenched tight, but her back was arched, her breasts thrust into
  his painful grip. Joanna said nothing but emitted a low moan. He pulled on
  her nipples, stretching them out over an inch, tightening his grip even more,
  not allowing them to escape his cruel fingers. "We will have to test her breasts
  and nipples later for tactile stimulation." he told the other doctors, then
  explained to Joanna, "we will place certain instruments on your areolas and
  nipples, Joanna, to make sure that your nerve endings are as responsive as
  they should be. It might be a little bit painful for you but it is a necessary
  part of the procedure."  
"Doctors, gather over here. You
  can practice examination of the breasts on Joanna. Joanna, I want you to lace
  your hands behind your head. Be a good girl and obey."  
Her nipples were being crushed,
  fingers still gripping them tightly, squeezing the blood from each. The blood
  exploded back into the tips when he released them, the pain quickly following.
  Now the others were going to touch them, would they do the same as Dr. Michael
  did, make her nipples hard, arouse her. She hesitated at his command, knowing
  the other doctors were already gathering around her half-naked body, their
  fingers eager to run over her teenage flesh. She reluctantly complied, raising
  her arms, feeling her breasts rise up even higher, as she laced her hands behind
  her neck.  
"Move your elbows out to the side
  now. This will tighten up the muscles, making the breast palpation much easier
  for the doctors. Now arch your back a little, Joanna. Yes, very good Joanna.
  See how firm her breasts are, the nipples pointed, no sag at all in them," he
  told the doctors.  
Joanna posed for them, frozen
  in position while they took turns running their hands over her breasts, each
  paying special attention to her nipples. They seemed bent on outdoing each
  other, trying to make her nipples harder than the man before. It was embarrassing
  because they succeeded. Fingers grabbing her nipples hard, one snapping her
  nipple with his fingernail, igniting a sharp pain that radiated from her nipple
  up her spine.  
Dr. Michael moved next to her
  again, whispering into her ear as Dr. James, the last one pulled on her nipples,
  stretching each obscenely, twisting the pink nipples crushed beneath his calloused
  fingers. "That's not so bad is it, Joanna? I think you are enjoying it a little," he
  teased her, her face turning red with shame as her body betrayed her.  
"Stand up now Joanna." She rose
  from the chair, her breasts bouncing. He put his hands on her hips, turning
  her towards the other doctors. "Jeans are always so hard to get down, girls
  seem to buy them to fit like a second skin and Joanna's jeans are no exception.
  See how they cling to her buttocks?" Joanna's mortification was evident as
  he pointed this out to the others.  
Dr. Michael's hand caressed her
  ass with a touch that was a little bold. She felt his hand at her waist, unbuckling
  her belt, unbuttoning the top button before his fingers gripped the zipper. "I
  can do it," she was near panic as she tried to grab the zipper from him, wanting
  to get it over with quickly. It was as if Dr. Michael was slowly stripping
  her naked for their pleasure.  
Dr. Michael slapped her ass with
  his palm, "I will do it Joanna. Now, behave." His voice stern.  
She was taken aback by his tone,
  the slap just barely registering through the thick jean material. She let her
  hands fall to the side, obeying his order, not sure why, but not wanting to
  find out what would happen if she didn't. "Yes, Dr. Michael."  
His hand returned to her zipper
  and began to slowly pull it down. The sound of the moving zipper broke the
  near silence in the room, joining only the echoes of the breathing of the doctors.
  She felt his hand push in when it reached bottom, touching her panty-covered
  pussy, the thin material the only barrier between his hand and her naked sex.
  She had forgotten that she had on a sexy thong, thinking that she would take
  off her clothes and put on a gown. Now they would see her in it, her ass cheeks
  naked.  
Dr. Michael reached up to the
  top of the jeans and pulled them over her flaring hips, making sure that her
  panties did not come down with them. He caught a glimpse of her ass cheeks,
  the thong leaving her almost naked in the back. He tugged farther, past the
  V in her legs, down to her knees. He let them sit there, trapping her legs
  together.  
"Joanna has very smooth and silky
  skin," he demonstrated by running his hand down the side of her naked hips, "reflecting
  her general good health." He turned her sideways, so the other doctors could
  see her naked ass cheeks. "Her buttocks are a beautiful and healthy pink, she
  must also work out often as they are also tight," his hand gripping one of
  her naked cheeks in his hand as he "lectured."  
Joanna suddenly felt like nothing
  more than a doll. Dr. Michael talked about her and touched her as if she wasn't
  real, only a doll to examine. She felt him grip her ass, her hips pushing forward
  as he did.  
"You take good care of your body,
  Joanna, you should be proud of it. This doesn't embarrass you, does it?"  
Here she was in the company of
  four older, strange men, naked from the waist up, her chest heaving, her nipples
  hard, her pants at her knees, a thong the only thing covering her sex and he
  was asking her if she was embarrassed? "No Dr. Michael, I'm fine," she lied,
  flashing him a fake smile as he continued to rest his palm on her naked ass
  cheeks.  
"I knew you were very mature,
  Joanna. Now gentlemen," his hand grabbed her thong at the waist and slowly
  lowered it, "we will remove Joanna's thong so we can exam her sex." They all
  watched as her curls came into view, a nicely trimmed blonde bush that was
  almost invisible to the eye. The light, thin hair making her pussy almost bald
  like a twelve-year-old girl. He continued to pull it down until it was stopped
  at her knees by her jeans.  
Now she was completely naked,
  made worse because her jeans and thong were gathered at her knees, binding
  her legs, looking like a little schoolgirl waiting for a bare bottom spanking.
  All eyes focused between her legs, her puffy pussy lips tugged tightly closed,
  her mound hiding her inner secrets. However, she knew it would not be long,
  the cold metal examining table beckoning her. The ominous stirrups waiting
  to secure her legs, her sex made open and available, as they spread her wide.  
"Please sit back down Joanna and
  slip off your jeans and thong. We need to proceed and will need you naked."  
All eyes watched as she sat down
  and struggled to pull the jeans off, bending over to take off her shoes, her
  pendulous breasts hanging down. She started to pull off her jeans, bending
  her knees outward without thinking, affording them an unobstructed view of
  her pussy, which they did not pass up. She tried not to look at their faces
  as she finally got the jeans and thong off, now completely naked, Dr. Michael
  taking her only protection.  
"Just a few more pictures Joanna,
  then I will need you on the exam table," he spoke as if this was a completely
  normal part of the exam. "Please sit back firmly against the chair and keep
  your shoulders straight. Yes, that's a good girl. Now lace your hands behind
  your neck again. I want your breasts standing up."  
This posing for them, her tits
  pushed out, her nipples still hard, her exposed, wet pussy was more humiliating
  than anything she'd ever experienced. She cringed when the camera came forward
  again, her eyes squeezed tight as the camera flashed again and again, capturing
  her naked heaving breasts."  
"Arch your back a little higher,
  Joanna. That's so good, yes. Get a picture of her hard nipples," Dr. Michael
  requested, then leaned in close to Joanna, his hand resting on her leg. "Now
  I need you to spread your legs open a little for the camera, Joanna. Can you
  do that for us?" He pushed between her tightly clenched thighs, feeling her
  tighten against his hands.  
Her eyes shot open when she felt
  his hand press between her thighs. "No, please, don't take a picture down there," she
  begged, feeling him pushing out on her tender thighs.  
"Just a few, Joanna. Next time
  we have a mask that will cover your face so no one will recognize you, but
  for now we must insist that you spread your legs and open up your sex for the
  camera."  
"A mask?" What kind of pictures
  could they possibly take that she'd need to wear a mask? She could no longer
  resist his hands, stronger than her thighs, her legs parting, moving towards
  the outside edge of the chair. She opened her eyes, looking down at her sex,
  her pussy lips beginning to spread apart, ashamed as she saw the glistening
  dew on her sex.  
"It will be better with a mask,
  that way we won't accidentally get your face in the picture. Now relax your
  thighs, yes very good, a little bit farther," feeling her legs spread. "Scoot
  forward a bit in the chair, Joanna. Yes, that's it. Such a good patient you
  are, Joanna."  
"Take some pictures now," he ordered
  Dr. Steve.  
Dr. Steve knelt between her legs,
  his camera lens less than a foot from her open sex. She actually felt the heat
  of the flash as the camera flicked on and off, the click of the shutter deafening
  in the quiet room as her wide-open sex was captured for posterity.  
She jumped when Dr. Michael's
  hands touch her vulva.  
"Joanna has very fleshy lips," again
  demonstrating as he peeled them back exposing her pink inner skin to the camera. "Relax,
  Joanna. I just need to open you up so the camera can see inside you." Her vagina
  now exposed, as was her clit hood. "Try to get a good picture without my fingers." Dr.
  Steve moved in for a real close up, now just inches from her sex.  
"You will notice that Joanna has
  started to secrete juices. You can see it glisten when the camera flashes.
  The exam sexually arouses some patients and it is nothing to be ashamed of
  Joanna. A few have even had orgasms while being prodded with speculums."  
Now they all knew that she was
  a slut. Dr. Michael's fingers held her sex split open, making her pussy tingle
  and drip in excitement. What must they think of her? God, could she really
  cum with them here? Yes, she knew she could. "I'm sorry, doctor," humiliated
  at her body, her thoughts, not sure what to say, just knowing that she should
  say something.  
They finally finished taking pictures,
  Dr. Michael's hand gone from her pussy lips, Joanna feeling embarrassingly
  unfulfilled as she sat in the chair, decidedly aroused. She badly wanted to
  play with her clit until she would cum.  
"Stand up Joanna and move over
  to the exam table." Dr. Michael saw the look of fear come over her face as
  she stood, his hand moving to her naked waist. "It will be all right Joanna,
  just be a good girl and it will go easy and be over before you know it." He
  let his hand slide down a little lower, touching the gentle swell of her tight,
  teenage ass. He felt her cheeks gently sway as he walked her over to the table,
  as a guard would do with a condemned prisoner.  
Joanna felt all eyes on her, her
  breasts bouncing as she walked, unable to control them. She felt Dr. Michael's
  hand on her waist slide down to her butt, afraid to say anything to him, more
  afraid of what the rest of the examination would bring. She looked at the table
  as she approached it, gleaming, cold and sterile, the ominous stirrups up high,
  waiting for her slender ankles to be placed in them, the dark leather straps
  ready to secure her tight in the stirrups, unable to stop them from spreading
  her open. She went to sit on the table, but was stopped by Dr. Michael's voice.  
"No, I want you on all fours on
  the table. On your hands and knees, facing the other way." His cock jerked
  when he said that. He loved a girl spread open that way, her ass pushed up
  high, begging to be touched or prodded, her pussy and anus open and accessible.  
This was the worst. He wanted
  her in the doggy position, like an animal waiting to be mated! She hesitated,
  but his hands urged her up onto the table, her hands and knees touching the
  cold metal first. She closed her eyes and only imagined how she must look from
  behind as she crawled forward, knowing that her pussy and anus were brutally
  exposed to their eyes. His hands pushed her this way and that until he had
  her exactly in the position he wanted; in the center of the table, on her knees,
  her arms extended outward, supporting her upper body. She was so self-conscious,
  her breasts hanging down, her ass pushed up right into their faces.  
"First we're going to do a brief
  examination of Joanna in this position. Later we will put her on her back with
  her legs in the stirrups, but this is less embarrassing for Joanna." Joanna
  could not believe he thought this less embarrassing!  
He moved toward Joanna's head,
  brushing her hair from her face, pleased at the way her breasts hung down,
  noticing that her nipples were still hard. She might have a distressed look
  on her face but he imagined that her pussy was still wet. He moved his hand
  down her back, softly running over her silky flesh. "Lower down, Joanna," pushing
  on her back. "Put you head down on the table, but keep your bottom raised up."  
She felt like a trained dog, her
  head on the table now, her face turned toward Dr. Michael as he slowly rubbed
  her flesh, moving down her arched back towards her pushed out butt. When he
  moved behind her she had no trouble imagining his view.  
"Move your legs a little more
  apart, Joanna." His fingers slid between her thighs, feeling the tension in
  them, pushing outward. He tapped lightly with his palm, a light slapping sound
  ringing out in the room. She obeyed, the gap between her thighs getting wider,
  his hands urging them farther yet. He loved the sight of her teenage body,
  her butt cheeks spreading apart, her pink rosebud peeking out, her pussy pouch
  pushed outward. She was in the perfect position of servitude, arched up to
  serve her sex to whomever wanted it  
Joanna closed her eyes, not wanting
  to see as they observed her sex so open and spread before them. Her head snapped
  up when she heard the door open, her eyes wide when she saw a janitor enter
  the room. His eyes caught hers then moved down her body to gaze at her naked
  haunches so obscenely exposed. "Doctor! Get him out of here!" She screamed,
  horribly embarrassed. She started to get up, looking urgently for something,
  anything to cover her body.  
Dr. Michael pushed down on her
  back, this time more forcefully. "Settle down, Joanna. It's only Jim. He's
  here to take out the trash and will be gone in a minute." His hands held her
  down as she tried to squirm free.  
"No, make him leave, please," she
  pleaded, her body pinned beneath the doctor's big hands.  
"I will not tell you again, Joanna.
  Now settle down. We must get on with the examination. Are you going to behave?" He
  lightly slapped her ass cheek with his palm, the white flesh turning a slight
  pink.  
Joanna had never been spanked,
  even as a little girl. Now Dr. Michael had slapped her ass, the sting still
  radiating through her tender flesh. She didn't know how to respond to this
  situation. She was sure that this was terribly wrong, but she did not know
  what to do. She was naked, four doctors crouched around her exposed body, sure
  that they would not let her go. Resigned to the fact that even the janitor
  was eyeing her naked body, her head went back down on the table. She felt hands
  back between her legs, urging her thighs farther apart.  
"That's a good girl, Joanna. Now
  raise your butt a little," his hand gripping her sex in his palm pushing her
  up higher. "Now doctors, you will notice that Joanna has a very puffy vulva." His
  fingers slipped lightly into the folds of her sex. "Be gentle when you pull
  her lips apart," his fingers gripped each pussy lip, spreading them apart,
  her pink inner lips exposed to the others. His finger skimmed up and down her
  pussy slit, feeling her wetness. "Look for any growths on the inner lips by
  using your finger. It might require doing this several times as you want to
  catch even the smallest ones." His finger slid up and down, her hips begin
  to move, all of them knowing that he was sexually arousing her. Her juices
  began to flow more, his finger glistening in the bright light.  
As Jim was ready to leave, Dr.
  Michael slid his fingers slide along Joanna's slit up towards her anus, her
  cheeks now widespread and then, without removing his hands, stepped a bit to
  the side and asked with a devious smile only the men could see, "Jim, would
  you please get this trash can before you leave?" Joanna looked at him, her
  eyes pleading, truly embarrassed, the thought of the janitor behind her as
  the doctor occupied himself with her sex making it even worse. He lightly tapped
  her ass, "he'll be finished in a minute Joanna, now relax and stay in position."  
Dr. Michael continued talking
  to the others as if they were the only ones in the room his hands rubbing up
  and down Joanna's slit. She could feel her juices run down her thighs, his
  fingers stimulating her, humiliated to be so sexually aroused. No, she cried
  silently when she felt his fingers move up to her anus, dragging along her
  juices on his fingertips.  
Dr. Michael's fingers rested on
  either side of her anus and began to pull outward, watching as the tiny rosebud
  became completely exposed. He pulled wider and the tiny star began to open. "Note
  that Joanna has a tiny anus, obviously truthful about not engaging in anal
  intercourse. See how pink the opening is, no sign of hemorrhoids." He pulled
  wider, her anus stretching open. "Thank you, Jim." Dr. Michael acknowledged
  the janitor as Jim gazed at Joanna's spread sex, her anus peeking at him.  
Joanna cringed when she heard
  him talking to the janitor, opening her eyes just in time to see him pass by
  her head, staring at her hanging breasts before looking directly into her eyes.
  He winked at her, smiled and left the room; Joanna hung her head in shame.
  Just when she thought it couldn't get any worse, it did. She felt the fingers
  on her anus begin to apply pressure on the tiny opening.  
"Push back on my finger, I need
  to check your sphincter muscle." She strained, pushing her ass back, the tiny
  anus beginning to open around his finger. "So good, Joanna, a little more." Joanna,
  who swore no one would ever touch her there, shocked herself by obeying. Dr.
  Michael watched her anus close when she pulled forward a bit, then begin to
  push outward again as she followed his instructions. She was so tight but his
  finger finally won, as he knew it would, plunging in to the first digit before
  she could do anything but gasp in surprise and pain. He moved his finger around,
  feeling her sphincter trying desperately to expel the foreign digit. "Joanna
  has a very strong sphincter. It is applying pressure on my finger, trying to
  push it out. When she is in the stirrups, we will explore her rectum and colon
  further. She is very tense right now, and I'm afraid that makes it difficult
  to do internal examinations without harming her, so I think we should begin
  the research project to help put Joanna at a more relaxed frame of mind."  
Joanna looked up again. Begin  the
  research project? "What are you going to do, Dr. Michael?" Her eyes turned
  back towards them to see them all staring between her legs.  
"You did read the consent form,
  didn't you, Joanna?" Dr. Michael responded to the puzzled look on her face.  
"It was so long and boring, I
  just signed it." Joanna realized her mistake and asked now, when it was obviously
  too late, "what are you going to do?"  
Dr. Michael's hand softly stroked
  her ass, allowing his finger to return to her lips, feeling her jump as he
  pressed in and stroked her inner pussy. "This study is on the Masturbatory
  Practices of the Female College Student. You are going to be masturbated by
  some of us and also by yourself and we shall record the procedures for testing
  purposes."  
"NO!" Her head shot up in protest
  and she started to scramble off the table. "I want to leave."  
Dr. Michael had heard protests
  like this before and was prepared for them. He kept Joanna on the table with
  a hand on her back and picked up the consent form with the other. "You may
  leave, but when you signed this form, you also agreed to pay the costs incurred
  for the examination up to the time you choose to leave. Since we will not get
  any useful data from the exam, you must pay for it." While Joanna now returned
  to all fours as she listened, Dr. Michael continued his manipulation of her
  pussy.  
"That's fine, how much do I owe
  you?" How much could it be, she had been here for less than an hour. Joanna
  wasn't even consciously aware that she'd returned to her position, slowly rocking
  back and forth on Dr. Michael's still stroking finger.  
"I don't have the exact figures,
  but it is about $3,000.00." He smiled, knowing what her answer would be.  
"WHAT! How can it be that much?"  
"You have to pay for the cost
  of the room, the receptionist, four doctors, as even interns get paid, along
  with all the other incidental costs. Our administrator is a real stickler about
  collecting these balances and has taken some patients to court or put them
  into bankruptcy to be paid. The University also frowns on students not paying
  legitimate bills. However, you may get dressed and leave," as his finger kept
  up the gentle masturbation of her pussy.  
She put her head back down. How
  had she gotten into such a situation? She didn't have $3,000.00 or even a hope
  of getting it. She was already naked, seen by the janitor and was now being
  masturbated, which incidentally was beginning to feel good. She let her hips
  begin to rock back and forth gently.  
He had her. She was obviously
  enjoying his finger. She didn't say anything, but she didn't have to. Her lack
  of protest was enough. "Enjoy it, Joanna. Relax and enjoy the feeling." His
  finger moved lower, locating her clit. The tip of his finger swilled around
  her clit hood, not touching it, just teasing it. "Dr. Steve, would you see
  what you could do to stimulate Joanna's nipples and breasts. She seems to like
  a little pain with the stimulation so take that into account."  
Dr. Steve ran his hands softly
  over her back. It tickled as he moved down her side, but his hand quickly latched
  onto one hanging breast, two fingers grabbing her nipple and squeezing it.
  She gritted her teeth when it began to hurt.  
"Does that hurt too much, Joanna?" His
  head was next to hers, but he pinched harder reveling in her cringe of pain
  and lack of attempt to stop him. He let his other hand completely encircle
  the dangling globe, tightening on the firm flesh, pushing the blood toward
  the swollen tip. He released the nipple as the blood rushed down then clamped
  back down on it, twisting and turning the hardened rubbery tip. "Yes, Dr. Michael,
  I think she likes a little pain. Is she wetter?"  
Dr. Michael ran his fingers up
  and down her slit, two fat fingers pushing apart the folds, rubbing up and
  down the slick walls. "Very wet. Whatever you are doing, continue. Dr. Bill,
  would you take over masturbating Joanna?"  
Joanna felt the comfortable hands
  of Dr. Michael leave her wet sex, replaced by the strange, somewhat awkward
  hands of Dr. Bill. He did not rub as softly, two fingers moving to her clit
  right away, pulling her clit hood back, exposing the red bud. He slapped his
  finger back and forth over her clit, sometimes rather hard, other times softer.
  His other hand moved up to her pussy, forcefully pushing her lips aside until
  he exposed her vagina.  
Dr. Bill then pushed two fingers
  against her vagina and began to apply pressure, feeling her muscles slowly
  giving way, the tips of his fingers bit by bit being engulfed in her hot flesh.
  He pinched her clit hard, her body jerking back onto the fingers invading her
  vagina, her pulsating pussy walls clenching, wrapped tightly around his fingers. "Joanna
  has a very tight vagina. I can just barely get two fingers in, even with all
  of her juices lubricating the way. She definitely has a very sensitive clitoris,
  the more I stroke it the larger it becomes."  
She squirmed on the fingers invading
  her vagina, trying to push them in farther, squeezing them as they plunged
  deeper into her pussy. She no longer cared about the exam, the doctors or anyone
  else; her only desire now was to cum. They had been gradually arousing her
  and she could no longer resist her betraying body. Fingers plucked at her nipple,
  sometimes painfully, her breast compressed within one strong hand, the blood
  pushed to the swollen tip. Her clit was being finger slapped, it felt like
  he would rub it raw if he continued much longer and her pussy was being finger
  fucked, two delicious, fat fingers sliding inside her. She had to cum soon.  
"Good girl, Johanna, you like
  this I see. Rock back on the fingers." Dr. Michael moved behind her again,
  watching Dr. Bill masturbate her soaking wet pussy. He moved his hands over
  her butt softly, feeling her body tense up, her buttocks contracting. "Relax
  Johanna, relax." His hand moved down between her cheeks, slowly tracing the
  crack, heading for her pink anus.  
She shivered in fear as she felt
  another set of hands moving over her butt. She rose up, giving over her body
  to the hands that continued to drive her to higher heights. "Mmmm." Her ass
  waving back and forth, fingers running over her anus, the tiny rosebud quivering
  in excitement. He wouldn't penetrate her there, would he?  
Joanna was a sight each of the
  men present truly appreciated. Her hips pushing back and forth on invading
  fingers in her pussy, her ass cheeks clenching as her vaginal muscles grabbed
  at fingers pulling from her body. One breast swinging freely back and forth
  beneath her, fingers tightly pinching the other by the nipple, delicious pain
  shooting through her body.  
Then, one finger slowly rubbing
  over her exposed anus, lightly stimulating the nerve endings, a forbidden feeling
  rushing over her, the desire to be penetrated&mdash;there. Dr. Michael knew
  the time had come, Joanna was almost theirs.  
"I think our little Joanna is
  going to cum for us, doctors. Let yourself go Joanna, let the pleasure sweep
  over your body." Dr. Michael did not have to wait long, her head rose up from
  the table, a look of sheer pleasure on it, her eyes wide-open, soft moans of
  pleasure coming from her lips.  
"God," Joanna pushed back hard
  on the fingers, trying to drive them deeper. "Fuck me! Fuck me harder! Make
  me cum!" She no longer cared what she looked like, what she sounded like; not
  even when Dr. James stood in front of her, busily snapping picture after picture
  as she orgasmed, her naked body fully exposed, shuddering before the camera's
  impersonal lens. She humped back and forth, her ass raising up and down like
  a dog in heat, her pussy gushing over the invading fingers inside her. She
  had never felt anything like this before, her mind a confused jangle of sensations.  
"Now, doctors." Dr. Michael directed
  the others. Three fingers plunged deep into her tight, wet pussy, painfully
  spreading apart the slick walls. Sharp, hard fingernails once again slapped
  her nipple, igniting intense pains that rushed throughout her body. Dr. Michael's
  finger entered her anus, the dry, fat finger pushing aside the clenching sphincter
  muscle, entering her virgin rectum for the first time.  
Joanna bucked, her body painfully
  speared on fat fingers, her openings spread wider than ever before, her pulsating
  virgin ass filled with flesh. She came again, this time even harder then before. "FUCK
  ME! She screamed. She had never felt so full, the fingers moving inside her
  pussy, the one in her ass, separated only by a tiny layer of tissue. They seemed
  to be joined, stimulating her from both sides, her asshole clenching on the
  finger moving inside, her pussy pulsating on the digits, lips clenched tightly
  around the fat fingers stretching her wide. She came repeatedly. Her hips driving
  the fingers back and forth deep inside her, no longer caring about the pain,
  the men, her wantonness, just loving the fullness these men provided. She screamed
  as her clit was pulled and twisted, fingers roughly yanking the bud from beneath
  its hood. "Noooo!" she cried, her juices running down her thighs as she came,
  Dr. James flashing away at her face, then behind her, capturing the sheer ecstasy
  she was experiencing, her body prolonging her orgasm seemingly for the men
  and the camera.  
The doctors watched Joanna finally
  slump on the table, all hands now removed from her orifices, exhausted with
  the powerful orgasms that ripped through her teenage body. Dr. Michael let
  his finger slip between her legs again from behind and softly rub along her
  cum-soaked pussy lips. He reached up with his other hand and pushed her sweat-soaked
  hair from her face, turning her towards him. "Good girl, Johanna. You came
  so nicely for us," his finger slowly masturbating her again. "So wet, so much
  cum." Joanna had no strength to look away, her humiliation veiled in fatigue.  
"I think we need to clean Joanna
  up so we can continue with the examination." Two doctors picked her up and
  carried her over to the other table, Joanna was too exhausted to care, slumping
  down as they placed her in the center, spreading her body out. "On her stomach
  first," Dr. Michael ordered and they turned her over.  
It was uncomfortable, her body
  spread on the cold table, the high rubber ridge in the center arching her ass
  up over a foot from the rest of her body. She felt hands pull her arms straight
  out to the corner, barely resisting as leather cuffs passed around her wrists,
  binding her arms to the far corners of the table. She yanked on the cuffs with
  what little strength she still had and found herself unable to move, fear creeping
  into her barely conscious state. She felt hands on her ankles, spreading her
  legs wide on each side, the dried cum between her pussy lips pulling apart
  painfully, her ass cheeks spreading open again. "What are you doing, please?" She
  whimpered, a pitiful look on her face, pleading with them, receiving only smiles
  for her answer as she was spread and bound on the table.  
"Calm down, Joanna, we need to
  clean you up for the rest of the exam." Dr. Michael finally chose to respond. "It
  is necessary for you to be secured," his hands lightly stroking her face. "We
  won't hurt you anymore than you want." He knew these last words would barely
  register in her dazed condition. His hands slid down her back, her head turning
  towards him as he softly caressed her skin, moving to her ass cheeks.  
Joanna looked over her shoulders
  at her upraised ass, her legs spread wide, the doctors viewing her from behind.
  She shouldn't be embarrassed after all of them witnessed her orgasms, but the
  bondage, the spread of her body and the unknown made it humiliating to be in
  such a position. She tugged on her arms and legs as some of her strength began
  to return, but the leather straps held fast. "Why are you doing this to me?" she
  cried.  
Dr. Michael moved over towards
  her, his hand reaching out to her, touching her lightly. "It's OK Joanna, we
  just need to get you clean inside and out."  
"Inside? What are you going to
  do?" she shrieked in panic. Dr. James moved toward her, a large red enema bag
  in his hand. She looked at the tube, the black nozzle looked so huge. She had
  never had an enema before but she had heard stories about them and knew it
  was something she never wanted to experience.  
"We are going to put a speculum
  in your rectum to see if there are any polyps, so we must clear it out first.
  Just relax. It is relatively painless. You will feel a little bloating and
  towards the end you will experience some cramping, nothing that you can't handle.
  It's standard procedure for internal examinations. The table has drains and
  with the shower, we will be able to clean you off relatively easy." Dr. Michael
  put on a pair of sterile gloves, snapping the material loudly in the quiet
  room.  
Joanna put her head down onto
  the rubber pillow, turning away from them, not wanting to see what they were
  going to do, resigned to the fact. But, she could still hear Dr. Michael's
  lecture.  
"The upraised position of Joanna
  allows easy access to her anus," Dr. Michael told the others. "The straps are
  necessary to make sure the patient is kept in position and does not do damage
  to her anal tract by any sudden movements while the nozzle is inside her. This
  is a large enema bag but I only want Joanna to go through it once. Normally
  I would do two-to-three small enemas starting with a hot, then warm and finally
  a one cold. That is the most efficient method of flushing out the anal tract.
  In Joanna's case, we will use a hot, soapy enema. It will work faster, though
  the soap has a tendency to cramp more, it does eliminate the need for multiple
  enemas."  
Joanna jerked when she felt Dr.
  Michael's hand touching her anus again. This time his finger was cold and rubbery
  massaging the tiny rosebud, lubricating it for bigger things. "MMMGG," she
  moaned, as her anus was once again forced open by his finger, the digit moving
  deeper than before, in and out, lubricating her anal tract for the nozzle.  
"See how her anus is distended
  by my finger, having to stretch around it. The anus is very flexible and can
  expand to take quite large things without tearing, as long as care is used
  during insertion. While it does tend to burn when stretched, anal intercourse
  can be a very pleasurable experience for the female. Many tiny nerve endings
  in the anus are stimulated when the female is sodomized. A penis inserted inside
  the anal tract gives a sense of fullness to the female. If the vagina is similarly
  filled at the same time it can result in an anal orgasm for the female."  
"Are you doing all right, Joanna?" He
  pulled his finger from her anus, all of them watching as the tiny hole closed. "The
  anus will shrink back down to almost its original size. Even after anal intercourse,
  the anus will shrink back to its previous size and shape in less than a week,
  unlike the vagina, which rarely returns to its initial size. Many men find
  this very desirable and this is the reason why men enjoy sodomizing women so
  much. It is like having a virgin over and over," he laughed.  
Dr. Michael took the nozzle and
  coated it with lubricant up and down the shaft as if it were a cock. She raised
  her head then put it down again, he wasn't even paying attention to her, he
  was only interested in her tiny anus. She felt the hard plastic nozzle push
  against her greased opening. She gritted her teeth, bearing down, trying to
  stop the hard nozzle from entering her.  
"You will notice that Joanna is
  trying to stop the insertion of the nozzle by bearing down with her sphincter
  muscles. Her anal tract is sufficiently lubricated as is the hard nozzle and
  her efforts will be in vain. See, there goes the nozzle," the others watched
  as Dr. Michael pushed harder, the black plastic nozzle sliding over four inches
  into her, passing through her rectum before entering her colon. He patted Joanna's
  ass, "there now, that's not so bad, Joanna."  
She gasped as her asshole was
  suddenly and swiftly filled with the hard plastic, unyielding as it ran along
  her lubricated back passage. She felt Dr. Michael pull the nozzle about two
  inches out, before pushing it back in again, this time it going deeper. She
  could not even raise her hips or spread her legs wider, to relieve the uncomfortable
  feeling deep inside her, the straps preventing all movement.  
"Take a deep breath, Joanna. You
  will feel the water rushing into you rapidly. It will be hot and will cause
  you to sweat. You will feel a little pain when it begins to move into your
  colon and then fill you and begin to give you a little cramping. You will experience
  a bloated feeling. You must hold the water in."  
She had never felt anything like
  this before. The strange feeling as her insides began to fill caused her to
  buck on the table, trying to escape, the straps holding her tightly spread
  before them. "Stop!" she screamed. A sharp pain, the water now rushing deep
  inside her. She looked back, the giant red bag only half-empty, a light sweat
  already covering her body. God, her stomach felt like she ate too much at Thanksgiving,
  her abdomen began to swell. She wanted to close her legs, the straps holding
  her tightly. "No more," she begged in futility.  
Dr. Michael squeezed the bag,
  sending a torrent of water rushing into her bowels. She looked back again,
  her face clearly showing her anguish as she was unmercifully filled. "Good
  girl, Joanna, almost finished." He gave the bag another quick squeeze, shooting
  the last flood of water deep into her colon.  
"I'm going to pull the nozzle
  from your anal tract, Johanna, and replace it with my finger. You're going
  to have to hold the water for a while so it can penetrate the walls and cleanse
  them before you release it. I want you to squeeze very tight and don't let
  it escape. It's important that you hold it or we will have to do it again.
  You don't want that, do you, Johanna?"  
"Please, at least release the
  straps so I can go to the bathroom when you let me. I don't think I will be
  able to wait."  
"That's not necessary Joanna.
  You will release it here. The table has a drain built into bottom and I have
  a very fine, warm spray that I will use to rinse you off. Don't worry, just
  release it when I tell you."  
"God, no! You're not going to
  watch while I let it out. NO!"  
She looked back as Dr. Michael
  lubricated his gloved fingers, knowing that she would soon be penetrated again.
  She felt the nozzle sliding out of her anus, and she gripped it tightly with
  her sphincter, not wanting to release the fluids gurgling deep inside her.
  She tightened even more as she felt it leave but was instantly penetrated by
  two, slick fat fingers. Her anus spread wide around the digits moving inside
  her. She firmly bore down on them.  
"As I've mentioned, Joanna has
  a very strong sphincter muscle." He moved his fingers inside her, feeling her
  clench and unclench on them as he did. "Her partner will have a very desirable
  experience when she decides to have anal sex. You're doing great Johanna," She
  jumped and he knew the cramps were starting. "I know, the cramps hurt but you
  must hold it a little longer. Doctors, would you see what you can do to help
  take Joanna's mind off of the cramps?"  
"No!" Joanna demanded, but it
  did no good. She felt a hand slide underneath her along her pussy lips before
  reaching her clit, grabbing it with two large fingers and rubbing back and
  forth. Another hand pushed under her breasts, tightening on the firm flesh,
  fingers moving over her nipples, bringing them back to hardness again. Oh,
  please no, not again.  
"Can you cum for us again, Joanna?
  If you cum, I will release my fingers and let you drain the liquid filling
  your bowels." He was amused as she began to hump the finger rubbing her pussy
  almost before he finished his statement, knowing that she would do anything
  to stop the cramps. "Yes, that's good, let their fingers find the places you
  love them to touch."  
The masturbating quickly aroused
  her again, the fingers in her asshole massaging her anal tract, her sphincter
  gripping tightly as her body was rocked with cramps. She had to cum, had to
  stop the cramps.  
"It looks like Johanna is ready,
  doctors. Come on, Johanna, let your juices flow again, cum for us." Her hips
  bounced up and down on Dr. James' two fingers inside her pussy, pushing them
  in and out, her clit slamming against the other fingers hard, sending flashes
  of pain and pleasure to her brain.  
"Yesss!" she cried this time,
  her pussy gushing as she came. She felt her asshole suddenly emptied of fingers,
  her sphincter unable to hold back any longer, her orgasm sweeping her body
  away. She felt the liquid shoot out her asshole with such force that it opened
  her anus wide. It clamped shut, only to open again, another torrent of water
  shooting out before closing again. This time two fingers entered again, triggering
  another explosive orgasm before they once more left her empty, her anus opening
  to shoot out the last of the water. She humped up and down on the fingers like
  a dog in heat, her anus puckering open and closed, her anal tract spasming.
  She felt warm water slowly spraying over her body, a soft hand running over
  it, lightly cleaning her. It touched her anus, spread it open and she felt
  the warm water cascading over her rosebud.  
"There. It's all done now, Joanna." He
  let a finger slip inside her relaxed anus, entering her rectum, her sphincter
  barely gripping it. "You're much more relaxed now, Joanna."  
 Her arms and legs were released
  as Dr. Michael wiped her with a soft towel, paying special attention to her
  breasts and between her legs, the terry cotton towel rubbing the tender flesh.
  Dr. Michael helped her up and then over to the exam table, the sight of the
  ominous stirrups causing her sense of dread to return.  
"Now for the rest of the exam,
  Joanna." Dr. Michael uncovered the instruments under the towel.  
To Be Continued  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Powerone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





