BDSM Library - Naturally Demanding but Nice




Naturally Demanding but Nice
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jennifer is an only child of wealthy parents.  She is blonde and beautiful.  She has been pampered and spoiled all of her 19 years.  Is it any wonder she is conceited?  Is it a surprise that she believes a guy should have a 10-90 relationship with her?  She receiving the 90 while giving the 10, of course.  A new guy moves to town.  He falls for her instantly.  She likes him a lot, but remember, the percentage of give and take.  To her surprised enjoyment she quickly learns he is amicable to the relationship she desires.  To receive 10 while giving only 90 is very acceptable to the guy who is average minus, and the girl, the more beautiful then ever dreamed possible.
          Naturally Demanding but Nice

               Introduction

Jennifer is an only child of wealthy parents. She is blonde and 
beautiful. She has been pampered and spoiled all of her 19 years. 
Is it any wonder she is conceited? Is it a surprise that she 
believes a guy should have a 10-90 relationship with her? She 
receiving the 90 while giving the 10, of course. A new guy moves 
to town. He falls for her instantly. She likes him a lot, but 
remember, the percentage of give and take. To her surprised 
enjoyment she quickly learns he is amicable to the relationship 
she desires. To receive only 10 while giving 90 is very acceptable 
to the guy who is average minus, and the girl, he believes to be
more beautiful than he ever dreamed possible.

This is a femdom story but is not about severe use of 
the male by the female. If you desire to read about
severe treatment, pain, torture, scatology, cbt, etc.  
Do not read this version. Read, "Naturally Demanding"
instead. Please send feedback emails to 
wrighter4u@yahoo.com
Please do not send attachments. 

                Chapter One

Have you ever known a girl who knew she was beautiful?
I am. I was a pretty baby, a cute little girl and grew
through adolescence without ever being unattractive. At
my ugliest time, I was pretty, naw, make that beautiful.
Some have it, some do not. If you have it, flaunt it! I 
buy the best cosmetics. I always dress appropriately, but 
tasteful. I reveal a little of something once in a while.  
Like to the owner of the pastry shop. I drive him mad 
with lust while really doing nothing. I may reveal a 
little extra of my 34b's, and on ocassion I will flash
my panties. Guys need to see something of a young lady. 
Not enough to think she is cheap or easy, but enough to 
make them interested, aroused, you know, makes them easy 
to own. Ownership is what this story is about. Ownership 
that may well be beyond your wildest dreams!

I love it when I am controlling a guy, truly love it. I 
like the power so much that just thinking about it causes me
to cream my panties. I have sooo much control over men. They 
are easy. They simply have no chance. I think that is so 
cool, don't you? You may ask, "How can she do that"?  One
word, "Beauty". I may very well be the worlds most beautiful
creature. Am I conceited?. You bet your ass I am. I was 
born conceited. I was born to be worshipped. I was born to 
be served. Hey I am just naturally demanding.

I matured early. I am blessed with my pert little titties,
a 22 inch waist, and a gorgeous 36 inch ass. I like walking 
by a group of men, pulling out my mirror,and watch them 
watch me. I pretend to be looking at my hair. I always 
know what they are looking at! So I wiggle it a little 
for them. A man's brains is in his balls. They relocate 
there while they are an adolescent and stay. That is why 
it hurts them so much to get kicked there!
  
Did I tell you I have long blonde hair with natural light red 
streaks, yep, a strawberry blonde, all natural. I use no color
or highlights on my hair. I have a lot of it too. Don't you 
just hate blondes that are half bald, ugg. I am beautiful.
That, and just a little brains, is all that is required to own
a man's body and soul. Hey, I really like owning them, using 
them. 

The noblest thing a guy can do is to serve me. The more 
specialized the service he performs for me, the more special 
he is to me! What all would you do for me?  Ha, I bet I 
could use everyone of you for the most degrading things. And
the more I used you, the more you would love me!

Did I tell you that I only trim my bush a little. Now, I have
no hair on my pussy, gross! I have a good healthy blonde bush 
and I am proud of it. I think it is sexy to have a few blonde 
pubes creaping out from under a bikini. Not any other color 
though! Dark pubes look cheap, red pubes make a girl look like 
she has a rash! But blonde pubes, make guys drool. Hey, that is
where the saying comes from, "Blonde girls rule, boys drool,
drool, drool"!
  
I just started my senior year of high school. I had my 18th 
birthday July 31th, yeah a Leo!. I am not the oldest in my 
class but probably in the older 10 percent. That is good. 
Younger kids tend to be "followers". There are more than 500 
seniors in my class. 263 are girls. I have a few girlfriends.  
There are a lot of students who like me. All of the guys like 
me. Most girls think I am stuck up, to good for them, you know 
the types. Wellll, I am. When I walk by them, I push my chest 
out a little more, and tilt my head ever so slightly up and 
to the side away from them. I am nice though. If they say 
something to me, I always answer, even though what they say 
is usually kinda silly. Know what? They still like me enough
to vote for me for all of the important stuff.

There are a lot of jocks in my school. I do not date jocks.
They all think they are gods gift to women.  Well they are
not. I do not waste my time with them. Just meaning I do not 
date them. I am pleasant. They vote for me for everything.
They would just be to difficult to us. I could do it. I can
do anything. It would require to much training. To many fights.
Like I am going to go through all that.

Now about nerds. Give me a nerd anytime. They do what I want,
the way I want, for as long as I want. I am not interested 
in marriage, not now anyway. I have a lot of school and a lot
of guys to go through.

There is this one guy, John. I think he is a smart in almost
everything, except girls. He seems to know nothing about the 
fairer sex. I have been watching him watch me since I returned 
from our summer cruise just before school started. I think he 
even started following me after school started. Well maybe not 
follow, he just times things so that our paths cross often.  
Like he goes the long way around just for the chance of meeting 
me. He says, "Hi Jennifer," when we meet. He looks at me until 
we are close, then he looks down. Doesn't bend his head, but 
his eyes don't meet mine either. Typical inferiority complex.

I have almost all of my classes with him. He sits as close
to me as he dares. I hope he is smart, well I know he is.
He spends a lot of school time looking at me. I caught him 
looking at me in class several times on the first day. I 
started smiling at him just so he would know that I know!
He would quickly look away and blush!
  
That is how you trap a guy you know. He keeps fantasising 
about you, then, POW the trap closes. Boys are so stupid, 
almost as stupid as men!

I just know we are going to meet as I walk to school today.
This is Friday and we have met right before I get to school
Tuesday through Thursday. He is walking away from school!
Yeah, see what I mean! He is so obvious. I have my watch
in my purse. I am going to ask him the time. He will have
to say more then, "Hi". I discarded my boy friend almost a 
month ago. He was alright, I just got tired of him. I have 
already told you that boys and men are created to be used 
by pretty females, of all ages! He graduated high school 
and is in college. Sooo, I dumpted him. I need a guy to be 
my slave here. I need my stuff carried, homework done, car 
washed, and other stuff too. He was used up. More about 
that later, if I have the time.

Sometimes a guy expects more then I am going to give. I am 
a virgin, though few think so. I will be when I get married
too. I believe in that. Also I like to be worshipped. A guy
does not worship the girl he is sticking his thing in.
He is using her. I am the user, the guy is the usee!
I have used guys a lot, some a whole lot! I have been
using males for about as long as I can remember.  That
is what they are for. If a guy has no girl to use him,
he simply is a waste. Just taking up space!

Here John comes, right on time.

"Hi Jennifer," he says shyly.

"Hi John, hey what time is it?" I asked before we passed.

He fumbled around looking at his wrist watch. If it had 
been loose he would have dropped it. After much fumbling 
and stuttering he told me the time.

"John, did you come this way just to meet me?"

"Nnno."

"John, there is nothing I dispise more then being lied to.
Lies are not cool! Now did you walk this direction just 
to meet me?"

"Yyyes, I did."

I smiled at him. He turned so red! He was going to be
fun. Makes me wish I had started sooner!

"You must think I am pretty, do you?" I teased.

"Yyyyes. you are pretty."

"John, I need some help in chemistry. Would you like to
come to my house about 1:00 Saturday?"
 
This made him light up! See how stupid they are!

"Yes, I would, I will be there at 1:00."

"You do know where I live, don't you?"
  
I knew he did. I have seen him go by my house several 
times! He lives a block from the school in one direction, I 
live two blocks from the school in the opposite direction.

"Would you like to walk me to class?"

"Oh yes, I would be honored, may I please?"

He was beside himself with joy, and should be!

"Yes, you may, but you have got to carry my stuff."

I said, as I handed him three subject books, my 
notebook, and other school supplies in my backpack
as well as my gym bag. It was going to be nice to
have a guy carry all of my stuff, do my homework, even
help me with tests, not that I need much help with them.
I will start saving a seat for him behind me especially 
in English. I will own him by our next test. I will let
him slip me answers. He will be in heaven. Can you 
imagine me allowing him to talk to ME! I am only light
years out of his class. Oh, he will do a lot for me 
before I am through with him.

"You can put some of this stuff in my locker."
  
I did not tell him which locker was mine, but he knew!
I am not surprised. He is going to make a good slave.
He is sooo lucky. By the way he looks at me, I am
sure he knows it. There is this, "worshipful", look on
his face when he looks at me.

I gave him a lot of really beautiful smiles. So he
got paid for carrying my stuff. I am sure he felt
very fortunate to be in the same area as me. He was
breathing almost the same air as ME!

I told you how close we lived together. I did not
tell you that the school is the dividing line of
property values. My house is worth at least ten
times what his is worth. Now are you seeing why 
the guy is speechless. Like, I am WAY out of his 
league, he is an ordinary guy, I am class. 
Something else I have not told you. I was Prom Queen 
last year. The first time in the history of the 
school that a junior won that! I won Yearbook Queen 
as a freshman, yep, another first. Both are 
always won by seniors. Are you understanding how
lucky this nobody is? There is no way he can do
enough for me. I am Naturally demanding, so he will try.
  
I love for guys to do stuff for me. I have not tied my 
shoes in school since 1st grade! A Goddess must have a 
slave. I hardly see how any female can claim Goddess 
status if she has no slave. Hey, I still may not bother 
to get a guy like John to serve me if all I wanted to use 
him for was a slave. It isn't. He will be my toy and I 
will do things to him that is humiliating. He will do 
anything to please me. I will do everything to him. He 
will want me to. How do I know this, experience, much
experience. Could I tell you a lot of really cool
stories about my childhood? Maybe I will some day.

I allowed John to walk with me in the halls all day Friday.  
He was in heaven. By the end of the day he was stooping 
at least six inches to get through the doors!  He never 
touched the floor! Had to duck to leave the school! You
know what I mean. I went the whole day and never put him 
down one time. I love building guys up and then, wham, I 
walk all over them.
  
I have a few unattractive traits, but you will find out 
about those soon enough. I am just telling you the sweet
things about me.
 
We got a lot of curious looks. I have seen them before.
I get them everytime I change boy friends. I ignored them.
John was in heaven. Sometimes I could hardly keep from
laughing. I giggled a lot. I don't think he was like
totally sure I was not laughing at him. Boy was he
going to fall hard. He could be the best of all.  I
expect many a great sacrifice from him!
 
"Hey slave, would you like to carry my stuff home after
dance practice?" I asked him with a light giggle.  He
took the,"slave", part as a joke. Silly boy!

"Sure," he answered. "How long is dance practice?"

"It will just be 45 minutes today. Since you are with me, 
you can sit in the bleachers."

That really made his day. He was being invited to 
watch the dance/pom pom girls workout. The ony way 
anyone watches practice is to be invited by one of 
the varsity team members. I am Captain. The dance
routine we are working on was choreographed by
me. I have received several offers of interest
from universities. There are guys who would commit
murder for a real date with me.  Beginning to see
why this nobody is so lucky? Watch what I do to him.
Welll, really FOR him.

John watched us practice, believe me he was not bored!
Never in this guys wettest dream did he ever think he
would be sitting where he is now. Like there were six
students watching, he was one! There are sixteen
ladies in varsity dance, another sixteen in jv dance.
This was our joint session practice. We have joint
session practice every Friday.

When practice was over I changed, showered, and met
John in the gym. He was faithfully waiting for me.
I was the last girl to leave. I was last by design, 
I am sure you know that! He had now been waiting 
well over an hour.  Hey, he asked how long practice
would be, not how long I would be!
  
The instructor was still in her office. She was always 
one of  the last to leave, besides the janitors.

I walked up to John and said.

"I forgot something, it will take five minutes or so. 
I will be right back."
  
I set my unzipped gym bag on the floor at his feet. On 
top, in plain site were my folded panties. They were 
poised on top of the shorts I had worn in practice. I 
walked away and did not look back. I knew I had creamed 
them. I did that more then once thinking about my new 
slave. I loved being worshipped!

After four minutes, I opened the door quickly that leads 
to the locker and showers. His back was to me and to the 
instructors office. My gym bag was in front of him at his 
feet. I was certain that he hurriedly put something, my 
panties, back in the gym bag. He was pretty slick at it 
though. I am surprised he knew when I came back in the gym.

I nonchalantly strolled up to him.

"I always leave my bag open so my gym clothes will get air.  
You do not mind carrying them for me, you know, open like 
that, do you?"

My panties were on top and clearly visable.
  
Before he could answer I said, "Pick up my backpack too 
and lets go."

He picked them up. His books were in his backpack on his 
back. My gym bag was in one hand and my backpack in his 
other hand. That is why guys have two hands!

We walked out of the gym. There had already been whispers 
and gossip about us.  You know the usual stuff like, "Jen 
has a new slave".  "There goes Jen and her boy toy". "She 
is just using him". Well they are right, but really, boys 
are made for pretty girls to use! They were just adolescent 
remarks. They had no idea! I mean they are really naive.  
None of them, on their highest day of imagination, could 
dream of what I can do, and do, do, to boys! And I have 
been doing unmentionable things to guys, yeah, men too for 
several years. I know how to, "Care for the opposite sex"!

We met my cousin and some of her friends. I stopped to talk 
to them. I already told you I am friendly. After about ten 
minutes John started to put my bags on the sidewalk. I was 
watching for such an inconsiderate act.

"John, I do not want my stuff on the ground." I told
him with the proper amount of animation and wide opened
eyes.  A couple of the girls snickered. That was more to
show my ownership of him than care for my bags.
  
"Sorry Jenn," he replied. I talked another five minutes or 
so and we walked on.

"John, if you are going to pal around with me, you must
get stronger. When you come over Saturday, I will help
you with the strength thing. You will have to come over
and work out three to four times a week. Also I prefer to be 
called Jennifer. I like all of my name. It is what the 
worlds most wonderful parents named their princess! I know 
some of the others call me Jen". The ones who do that don't 
know me at all."

Carrying my bags made him so happy. He carried my stuff 
with renued energy. I bet he would have tried to carry me
too if I had asked. Oh, he will get to! Boy Will he get to!

I could hardly sleep after I came back from the movies.
John wanted to come with us but I told him he did not want
to go to the movies with me and four chicks.  We would be
doing chick things, and talking about chick stuff. Guys
did not fit in conversations like that. It would be
boring to him. He almost insisted that he would not be
bored, but he got the message by my looks. I think I
could go through life and get what I wanted, without ever
saying a word. Just giving people my various,"looks".

I practiced in front of a mirror.  I practiced my various
smiles, my cute little twist, and my many looks. That
is the only real science a Goddess needs. Ask Mr. Rainey
one of my teachers. I could make good grades in his class 
and know nothing. I have showed him my panties everyday 
this week. He has to walk behind the desk when I do that!
I have still seen his thing get hard. Maybe I will use
him someday. Like really use him!

Do you wonder how I became the naturally demanding little 
thing I am? I was born for it and raised in it. My mom
is naturally demanding. My dad understands and treats my
mom like the goddess she is. To look at him you would 
think he is totally into himself because he is so good
looking. Not so, he lives for my mom, who is a real 
Goddess. Even as a little girl boys would come to my
house to play. I insisted we play Princess/slave games.
If they did not want to, or tired of my favorite game,
they were not invited back and I did not play with them
anymore.

I remember some of them, my mom has told me of others.
I remember the boy who live down the street. My mom told 
me he was cute and really liked me. I started watching him 
watch me. She was right, she always is. He was the first
one I used intimately. Mom had talked to me a lot. I knew
what he was supposed to do. He balked at a couple things
but I got him to do them. I used him for my special slave 
until his parents moved to another state. I still miss him.
I do not know if I will ever find another boy so dedicated
to me. He did everything for me. Mom says he was a natural
slave. She hated to see them move too. He moved two thousand
miles away. He now lives in the midwest. We telephoned and
wrote to each other for a while.  Mom said Scott's mom said
he was really broken hearted. If she had known it would have 
been that hard on him, she would never have let her husband 
accept that promotion. She naturally assumed it was puppy 
love. She never knew it was far more serious, it was goddess
worship. Yeah, he was my first real slave.

I am in bed thinking about Saturday, I will call John when 
I get up. My parents are out of town until Sunday evening
My mom wants me to clean my room and some other stuff.  
John triggered my thoughts of Scott. I will surprise mom 
with all of the work. She will like that.

Yeah, I will call John. I went to sleep wet. I used my 
vibrator, (Not the penetrating kind), fingered myself but,
mostly I thought about tomorrow. Hey, girls have wet dreams 
too! I get off thinking about using guys! I really get off
when I use them!  My parents will be so proud of me. I know 
I will have him cleaning our whole house, mowing our lawn, 
and other stuff. It will be easy getting John to do stuff.  
He worships me already and I am not even started! Everyday 
I have been reassured of that, all week long. John wants 
that which he is about to receive! I love being beautiful!




                 Naturally Demanding but Nice
           
                    Chaper Two  Saturday

I woke up,looked at the clock, 8:26. I yawned,stretched and hit the
floor with both feet. I had to go pee. I was thinking,I must get moving.
I am looking forward to this whole weekend. I am pretty sure I have what
I want, but a lot of test are necessary. Hey, test can be fun, even 
exhilerating, especially the, "Jennifer Test for Boys"! Or should I say 
slaves! :)

Uhmmm, before I get in the shower I will call John. There is a lot for him 
to do here to prove he loves me. I just love it when a boy is continually 
proving his love for me. Ooooh, the things I will make him do with just a 
smile, a toss of my beautiful blonde hair,and a wiggle of my ass! Males 
are soooo stupid. But I adore them!

"Hi, this is Jennifer, may I speak with John, please?"

Was that good phone manners,or what. I looked in a mirror. As I turned 
my bod around both ways I could see how beautiful I was. I felt so sorry 
for ugly girls. Bless their little hearts.
  
A voice answers. "Hhhi Jennifer, this is John, what is it?"

"Hey, I thought you might want to come over now,.... unless you have 
plans for this morning."

"I would love to, gee thanks, I will be right over!"

"Hey, not so fast!" I answered with a giggle. "You are the first thing I 
thought of when I awoke. I am still in my pj's! I have to get dressed 
and such! You would not want to come over and me not dressed!" I giggled
again. "Now would you?" How about 10:00, and John, know that pastry shop 
on the corner. I just love their chocolate covered pastries! Could you 
bring me one?"

A, "Yes Jennifer," came back immeadiately.

I just knew I was right about him! I just loved being right!

I got dressed, did my make up, hair brushed and put in a pony tail.  
I wanted to be casual in my low shorts that you could almost see my 
crack, little halter that just barely covered my titties and was tight 
around the bottom. My  hair in a pony tail. All seemingly casual,  
but at the  same time I wanted my makeup to be good and me look really 
gorgeous. That is what gets them! They never see it coming! I have 
told you how pretty I am. I never go out not being pretty, as if I 
could. Today was special, John was going to see me as he had never 
seen me before. There is a difference in wearing makeup, and being,
"Made up". John is going to see me, "Made uP"! That nerd won't even 
be able to talk. I will have to say half his words for him. :) Well, 
that way he will say the RIGHT things! I love me when I am planning 
an attack like this, I giggled to myself. Males are sooooo stupid!

At 9:57 the door bell rang. I let it ring twice more before opening 
it although I could have opened it after the first ring. I opened 
the door wide so John could see all of me in my radiant beauty.  
Ohhh the affect was greater than even I imagined. This guy just 
stood there, mouth open nearly 1/2 inch, dropped my pastry, and was 
still staring!

"Hi John, I think you dropped something." I said with a giggle.  I 
was not going to make this easy for him. I was enjoying it to much!
"I am glad it did not fall out of the sack!"

He bend half way down still looking at my face! I loved it! Then 
his eyes went to my shorts, making my titties jealous. His fingers 
missed the sack three times before touching it, then he still 
fumbled it! He was a wreck, and I had not EVEN started.

"Come in John, I am starved. I just love those things. I do not eat 
them except one on Saturady morning and sometimes one on Sunday 
morning. I have to maintain my bod you know! These things are pure 
fattening. But they help keep me sweet!  Uhmmmm as if I need that!"

He was still speechless, he had not said a word! I love it!

"Did you bring something for you too?"

I already knew he would not. He would have to get used to eating 
in my presence. He will. He will get used to a lot of things.  
I just love having things done for me! We were going to be together 
a whole lot.

Silence, as he handed me the sack.

I looked inside.

"No, I guess you didn't, there is only one in here, and John, I do 
not share my chocolate pastry with ANYONE, not even you!"
  
I used my head movements, accentuted the words with my lips, and 
kept my eyes on his face the whole time. He was putty! I loved it, 
loved it!

"I had breakfast at home," he finally managed to say.

"Jennifer, you are really, well, uh, you look great."

I just gave him my warmest smile and said a simple, "Thank you".

I poured me a glass of milk. John will be doing all of that soon.
  
"Want something to drink, milk, soda, lemonade?  My mom makes 
delish lemonade. She made it this morning early before they all
left."

"I would love some."  He managed to say. He never even picked up 
on the, "They all left".  This guys brain has not started to 
function properly since he first saw me at the door. Now he was 
in a dream state! I loved it! 
I poured lemonade in a cheap glass for him. He was a bundle of 
nerves. Never trust a guy with expensive glassware in moments l
ike these! Hey, I have like totally laid out guys before, but 
none more then this.  He was ambushed big time!  Before this 
weekend is over, I will own him body and soul. Just you watch.  
And it won't even be hard. Hard to do that is, he will be hard
the whole time! :)

I ate my pastry, drink my milk, and chatted to John.  He did not 
say much. When I was through, his glass was half full.

"You don't like?" I asked with raised eyebrows.

"Oh yes I do, it is very good, the best really. I know this is
going to come out all wrong, but Jennifer, all I can think about 
is how beautiful you are. I sound like a dork, don't I?"

"No, and if you did, what is wrong with 'Dorks"?  I don't even 
use the word. The guys that the girls at school call, dorks, are 
the ones I like the most. So don't ever be afraid of sounding 
like a, 'dork', to me.  Be your self, relax. Tell me how pretty 
I am all you want!  In fact, I eat it up! So there, you know 
something else about me!"

"You are great to be with, not much like I thought."

"Welll, what did you ever think I was like?"

"Just not as sweet as you are. You are the most beautiful girl 
I have ever seen, and just nicer than I thought. Not that I 
thought, it is just, well, you are just, just really nice!"

"Thank you John, I like you too." He was red, red, red!

I quietly inhaled, making my titties stick out even more, and  
separate. He was looking right at them. I just watched him look.  
He caught me watching him, (I wanted him to).
  
"I dddidn't mean to stare, sorry."

"Silly boy, you were not, 'staring'.  You were admiring! I know 
the difference. What you were doing, I like!"

"John, I just have to tell you this so you will stop being 
so self concious about looking at me, my bod, ok. If today 
all of the guys stopped looking at me, no guys looked anymore,
I would cease to be ME. The me you know anyway. I know 
I am very pretty. Did you see the mirrors in the house?
There are a lot more. I like looking at myself in mirrors. 
I like for people, especially guys, to look at me. I like all 
the smiles I get. I love the whistles. I even like the cat 
calls as long as they are not to off color.  I like the 
horns that honk and the waves I get when I look.  I always 
wave back, even if the honker is old, ugly, or both."

"As you said, I am 'sweet', like that. I promise you will 
become comfortable about looking at me, complimenting me, 
and even staring at me, before very long!

"Now, for the reason I called you, other then to get breakfast!"
 
I giggled for him. I have a male killing giggle. I giggle a 
lot. For simplicity in writing, lets let (g) represent my 
giggles, ok, got it?   (g) = giggle!

"You noticed I am not driving." I told him. Yep, grounded! 
I could not go to the movies with you. One of the girls was my 
cousin. You know the blonde that looks a lot like me and 
younger, and that kept checking you out.  My cousin, and she 
is just 13 so, don't get any ideas!  Anyway, if she had not 
been one in the group, my parents would never have let me go.  
Also, if they knew you were here, they would  NEVER let me go 
out for the remainder of my life! For punishment I am supposed 
to clean the house, do the laundry and mow the lawn! John that 
is a lot! I am not used to doing anything!----- Now, I need
your help.---- Well"?

"Sure, anything, what can I do."

Did I tell you I would own him? He was mine, he just did not know 
it yet. He may never know just how much I own him, however, I 
think he will get the idea, someday!

"My mom likes a totally clean house, yard, the whole nine yards.
If the house and lawn was like totally great when they come back 
Sunday night, well --- I might get them to cut me some slack. 
You know, time off for good behavior!"

"You want me to do your lawn?"

"Well yes, tomorrow, today, I want you to clean my house.  
I really must keep up my tan times in the sun or lose my 
gorgeous skin tones. By the way you have been admiring me, 
I just know you want me to have gorgeous looking skin."
 
I gave him my best petulant look. You do know how to clean 
house, I hope."

"Yeah, I know how. To well."

(g)  "Cool, I'll show you where everything is to get you started.  
I simply have gotta get some sun. Follow me."
  
I walked away with John following me. I felt his eyes on my ass.  
I know what a pretty sight it makes in these shorts. It has such
a great shape. I love me, I really do! He was mesmerized. I 
glanced in the hall mirrors. His eyes were glued to my ass, as 
they should be! If I told him to kiss my ass, it would be wet 
with slobbers a sec afterwards! (g)

I do that! I get so involved in my thoughts for a boys future.  
I just giggle! Seemingly, to everyone around me, for no reason!

"What is funny, Jennifer?" John asked.

"You are not laughing at me because I agreed to clean your house 
are you?"

"Noooo, silly, of course not. I would not do that. How did 
you get these low opinions of me?"  First you may as well said 
that when you first met me, you did not think I would be a nice
person. And now, you think I am just using you. John, I am 
nicer than that."

"I did not mean it like that." John answered.

"That is the way it sounded, I just let it pass the first time.
But unless you think I am really a special person, inside I mean, 
this simply will not work. I want to be admired for my beauty. 
I already told you that.  Admired more then what you are doing,
a lot more. But the bottom line is, I want you to like me for 
what is inside me. All guys like me for what they see outside."

"Jennifer, I am sorry, it seems I am always saying stuff, well,
words come out wrong. You just do not know what you do to me. I 
feel like a mortal in the presence of a Goddess when I am with 
you."

I giggled again. Putty, pure putty!

"But why were you laughing?"

"I was just thinking of what cuz said about you last night. She 
said she thought you would be really sweet after you lost some of
your shyness."

I lied to him of course. But guess how it made him feel, yep, 
about ten feet tall. Yeah he liked the part about being sweet.
Then he realized what an ass he made of himself for thinking 
low thoughts about me.  ME, a perfect lady. (g) Opps, I did it 
again. He did not challenge my giggle this time.

"There is where we keep the dusting stuff. There is the vacumn 
head. The vacumn comes on when you lift a port cover." There was 
one nearby. I lifted it and the central vacuming unit came alive.
  
"See? Under here is the cleaning stuff for the bathrooms. See, the 
door is labeled, 'Bathroom'. The cleaning stuff for the kitchen 
is behind door number Two! Properly labeled, 'kitchen'. My mom is 
so organized, she is also a fanatic on cleanliness."

"Your house is so beautiful, and looks very clean to me."

"My mom would not share your views. It has not been cleaned this week.  
Please do a good job for me, John. I am depending on you so much.  
Just think of all this work you are doing, as being done for me. Just 
because I am sooo beautiful!"  (g)

"Oh here is a two way.  We can talk while I am by the pool. If you have 
any questions, just call me."

I walked away from him, well aware of his eyes. I loved being stared 
at. Hey, you would like my cute little top too.  I wear it a lot. It
has words across my tits, "Thanks for staring"! I also have running 
pants that says, "Attitude", in a half moon cresent across my ass.  
Sometimes, well, a lot of the time I wear them together when I jog. 
A couple days ago I was in the mall and I overheard a guy say, "That 
is the cute blonde I see jogging a lot".  Guess what I did, yep, 
giggle!

I put on my string bikini, grabbed a towel and went to the pool, 
with my flip flops making rythymic popping sounds. I opened the 
cabinet by the pool and got my lotion. I buzzed the two way. John 
answered.

"John, come to the pool, I need you." He was going to hear my sexy 
voice say, "I need you", a lot in the near future!

"I am coming," he answered. (g) He will be!

"John, be a sweety and put this lotion on me."

I was laying on my tummy.

"Sure," he answered enthusiastically. Wouldn't you, every guys dream!

He started on my shoulders, I was helping him by just holding still.

"Here let me get this out of the way." I told him as I slipped the 
loop over my head that helps my bathing top stay on top!.  
Pause .... nothing is happening.

"John, oh JOHN!"

He starts putting lotion on me again.

"You are to uncomfortable around me. Losen up. Don't be so tense.
I am just an ordinary girl, that you have a great big ol crush on.
 (g)  Relax, I want you to be like, totally at ease around me."

He went to my legs, below my knees! I let him do them. Then I said. 
"John are you missing any spots, I will burn if you do."

He started on my legs and moved to my thighes. When He got there I 
spread my legs for him to do my inner thighes too.  I glanced at his 
crotch, he had a boner alright. I bet he was in pain. (g)

"Why do I get the feeling you are laughing at me. I know you are 
teasing me. Jennifer, I don't know if I can continue this or not."

"Silly, you are just putting lotion on me. Don't put something else 
in to this. It is completely natural that you have, uhmmm, feelings. 
 (g) Higher up, don't miss any spots. John you have to maintain 
control of yourself to be with me. I am not into olympic wrestling!"

I know he could feel my heat. His face was red and he seemed to 
have difficulty breathing  normally. I ignored both. Without being 
told, he started putting lotion on my ass.

"Jennifer, don't you know what you are doing to me?"

 (g) "Of course. I told you, I know I am a tease. This is just me!"
  
I rolled over when I said that. Remember, no top! I thought he was 
going to lose it right there.

"Please close your mouth honey." I said to him in my sexiest voice 
with wicked grin.

"Oh Jennifer." He said with exclamation. He was reaching for his belt.

"No John, stop!" The way I said it he stopped.

"John, it is time you know something else about me. I am a virgin. 
I am staying that way until I meet the guy I am going to marry. 
No matter how many boy friends it cost me. It use to be really hard
for me, but I found a way around it. Now get control of yourself 
and finish putting lotion on me, or leave. If you can't handle your 
emotions, you sure can not be with me. Geee, John, I know how sexy I 
am, I know, how  beautiful I am. I know how desirable I am. I am 
wondering if you know it though. You have hardly told me hardly at 
all!"

"John, I chose you. Of all the guys in school, I chose you! Don't you 
think I could go out with any of them. Even the ones who are
attached I could have in a week. I thought it would really mean a lot 
to you, that you are the one I chose. I guess maybe it doesn't.  
Just leave.

I gave a, "sad little girl look", as I said the last words. I could 
feel tears come in my eyes. I am soooo very, very good! I love me!  
I gave him a quick glance.
  
Putty, pure putty! That is what boys are. I manipulate them like 
putty! Ahh he was soooo easy. Can you believe he cried, I mean cried.  
I was wondering if he would ever stop his blubbering, get my lotion 
on and get back to his cleaning! He begged me for another chance.
He did not want to leave like this. I was the most beautiful girl
he had ever seen. You know the garbage! He was telling the truth
though. The truth as he honestly believed it.

"It is ok baby, I understand. I am different than anyone you ever 
knew, and not at all like your preconceptions of me.  I will be
patient with you as long as you are trying really hard to learn
about me and what I want, what I like, what I expect from you."

I also told him that I knew he had had no prior experience with 
girls. It was ok, I would teach him how to treat me. (Boy would 
I ever!)

He told me how beautiful I am, what a great ass I have. Yeah, he 
even got around to saying that. He just kinda poured his heart 
out to me. I never giggled once. That should help him realize how 
sweet I am. He told me that when I turned without my top and the 
most beautiful tits in the world were but a few inches from his 
face, he lost it. It looked to me like he found it! But hey, I did 
not giggle. It was hard not to, but I exercised very good control.

He went back to applying lotion. He put the lotion on my titties 
so gently. He admired the way my areola got smaller and my nipples 
grew as he was applying lotion to my titties. I explained to him 
that it was because I liked him and liked what he was doing. He 
was very pleased with himself! He had never seen a nipple do that
before. I doubted if he had ever seen a girl's tit, not a real one!

He also confessed to me that he had never dated. I was his first 
real date. He told me about being so thrilled that his first date 
was with a Goddess. This guy was going to be even easier than I 
imagined! I was sweet and told him in private, he could call me
"Godess Jennifer", if he wished. I am just sooo nice! I let him 
take a lot of time putting on lotion. When he was finished I said.

"John, I am thirsty, go bring me an iced lemonaid. You can have 
one too. Wait John, don't you want to kiss my titties before you 
leave?"

I pushed my breast up and watched his face. I watched him as he 
lowered his head to my tits. He was in like, total awe. His look 
was much more of worship than lust. When his lips touched my tits, 
his body shuddered. I held his head and permitted him to pay homage 
to my beautiful titties. He was going to earn that! After a little 
bit I pushed his face back.

"Hey I am still thirsty, I bet you could kiss me all night!" (g)  I 
gave him my closed lip grin where my chin is almost touching my chest 
and I am looking up. 

"Be right back," he said as he ran, RAN, to get our drinks.

He came back with our drinks. He did not know there was a wet spot 
on his pants. Maybe he spilled some lemonaid!  (g)

"I love your giggle, it is just, well, I am always afraid you are 
laughing at me?"

"No silly, I just giggle a lot. Hey, I am one of those giggling females 
your mom always warned you about!"

"I never knew my mom, both my parents were killed in an auto accident 
when I was a baby. My grandpa died last year, my grandma is old. I cared
for her. Now you know why I know how to clean. I am good at all
household chores. I can cook too. I put her in a nursing home last month."

"Sorry about your parents and grandparents, I did not know."

"That is alright. My parents were a long time ago. My granddad's death, 
I could see coming for a few years. My grandma is almost dead. She no 
longer knows me."

I almost felt sorry for him, but then I knew that the future was best 
for him. He would get a lot of "special" feminine attention. I could 
tell he craved it so much. Guys need feminine attention. No feminine 
attention is worse than NO feminine attention. I hope John realizes 
that now and  will remember it all his life. If he is not with me, some
other lady will require his services. I will teach him so much.

I was laying on my tummy siping my drink. John was sitting by me. When 
we finished our drinks I said to him.
 
"Hey slave, (g) time to do my house! No slacking off, you hear!"  (g)
  
He got up and took our empty glasses back to the house.

"Slave driver!" He said back over his shoulder as I turned over to get 
sun on me. I slipped my bathing suit off and was nude. John was back in 
the house working. I was getting a good addition to my tan. I was 
really going to enjoy John. I could hardly wait to start teaching him 
what his mouth is really for.  He has so very much to learn and the 
potential to be so good. He licked my nipples a couple times. I was 
in awe of the length of his tongue. I bet you can guess what else I am 
thinking! (g) He has a large mouth, that is an asset. Guys with large
mouths are just better at doing stuff, and long tongues, ooooh!

After about 45 minutes I buzzed John.

"John, I have need of you."  (g)

My voice is so sexy. My mom is French I have her accent, well not really, 
but I practice it and I am pretty good. For living in the states I have a 
great accent. Just another reason guys are like putty! I also speak fluent 
French and Spanish. My knowledge of pure French and pure Spanish, Castilian, 
is better than my pure English!  English is a difficult language to master. 
I certainly do not have it mastered!

I put my bottom and my top on before he came out. I don't need a horse 
with an extra leg! (g)

"Come over here John, I need you to do me a big favor." :) (g)

"Anything for a Goddess," he replied,laughing. He thought he was kidding, 
boys are fools!

"Now don't laugh, ok, promise you won't laugh."

"Now who is afraid of being laught at." He said with a smile.

He has a really nice smile, I thought.

"Don't be a smart aleck, and don't laugh! I came out barefooted. 
The concrete is hot. I want a piggyback ride to the house. I must
go pee."

A smile started forming on his lips.

I picked up my lotion bottle like I was going to throw it at him.

"Wipe that smile off your face slave! (g) That concrete is to hot 
for my little tootsies. Please, slave.  Carrying me will be nothing 
for a strong guy like you!"

My voice is so sexy especially when I am asking for favors, the 
farther out the favor, the sexier the voice!

"O K, just because you are a Goddess! A very beautiful Goddess. 
An incredibly sexy Goddess!"

Hey he was learning, no stuttering either. Must be the housework
agrees with him. That is good, he will get to do it a lot!

He came over to pick me up.

"Uh Uh, I want a piggyback ride, turn around!"

He smiled and turned around. I jumped on his back put my arms around
his neck. He put his arms around my legs.
 
"Wait this is not comfy. Put me down."

"What can I do to improve it." He asked.
  
I could tell he did not want to miss out on carrying me. Boys are 
sooo stupid!

"I want to sit on your shoulders. Are you strong enough to squat 
and raise up with me sitting up there?"

"I think so," he replied.
 
I was sure he would or brust a gut trying! (g)

I climed on and he raised up, quite easily in fact. He was a lot 
stronger than he looked. He continues to surprise me. So I am sitting 
on his shoulders with my toes pressing in his back. He loved it.
  
"Stick your hands up, piggy." I playfully ordered him.

"Piggies do not have hands." He laughted.

"Boy, you have a smart mouth. I will cure that you know! Then stick 
your front legs up!"
  
He raised his hands up and I took one in each of mine.
  
"OK, smart aleck piggy, this is my guidance system. I bite this finger, 
I bit a finger on his left hand, you go left!
  
"Hey, that hurt."

"Don't go whimpy on me, piggy! If I bite this finger, I put a finger of 
his right hand in my mouth,

"Stop I get the message! I know the system!"

I ignored him and bit his finger. "You turn right."

"Oh, I knew the system already, you bite hard!"

I giggled.

"That will teach you to have a smart mouth! (g) Hey you are a lot 
stronger than I ever thought."

"So you thought just because I am smart, and a nerd I must be weak. 
You were sterotyping me.
 
"Yeah, but if you get smart with me, I'll make  you carry me all over 
this back yard! I can do it just because I am a Goddess. You are but
a mere mortal! A mortal has to obey his Goddess, you know! So there!"

He was eating this Goddess/mortal stuff up. He was a natural for a 
girl like me.

I let him have one of his hands to open the door. He opened the door. 
He got down really low so not to bump my head. He was strong. I like 
that as long as he accepts my superiorty. I think he will, if not, I
will have to hurt him. I would not like to do that in defense, 
pleasure, hey that was different, as he would learn!

I have so much to teach him. A teacher once told me, "Teaching is 
lifes most rewarding work". Well the finished product is rewarding 
too!




             Naturally Demanding but Nice

                 Chapter Three

When we got inside I jumped forward over his head.
  
"Now slave get on your all fours and you can give me a ride to 
the bathroom."

He hesitated.

"Now slave." I said that forcefully and pointed with emphasis
to the floor.
John dropped to the floor, visably puzzled. I jumped on his
back with a, "Let's go horsey".

He rode me to the hall toilet.
  
"Not here, this is the guest toilet. Take me to my bathroom, 
upstairs."

Without a word he turned towards the stairs. He was trying to
figure me out. If he ever does, I hope he lets me in on the 
secret! He started up the stairs.

"Hang on Goddess." He said.

I had a big smile at that. He was going to serve me very well!
I bet he could feel my heat, I certainly could. I squirmed on 
his back. I wanted him to know I was hot. Hey, he may not know 
anyway. I forget he has had little contact with girls.

"I have the downstairs cleaned but I haven't started up here yet."
  
"Hey this is where all the work is! My room is a mess. Downstairs 
was easy!"  

I bet he knew that when we got to my bathroom. My clothes hamper 
was full, towels were on the floor, my waste basket was full, 
there was makeup on the sink, even my toothpaste tube had no top 
on it. Hey, so I am not a "neat freak". I look good thjough. I got 
off of his back and went in by myself. I did not close the door. 
 He did! I removed the toilet paper from the roller and placed it 
in the back of the cabinet under towels.

"Slave, I have need of you, come in." I told you he would hear 
that phrase a lot! (g)

I was already smiling at his embarassment. I bet his face was so 
red. It was going to get a lot redder when he came in and I was
setting on the toilet!

"Are you decent?" John asked. I almost laughted out loud! Can you 
believe that!

"John, get yourself in here, don't make me come out and get you!" (g)

He opened the door and was one step inside before he realized I was 
on the stool. He stopped and turned away. Like I was not even 
prepared for that!!!

"John, turn around. We are not going to have that discussion again, 
now are we? Look at me. I said I needed you." 

I was giving him my pouty voice again.

"There is no toilet paper."

"I will get you some out of another bathroom." He said, and started 
outside. Can you believe this guy!

"Stop, come over here. I want your help in a much more intimate way. 
I said in my sexiest voice.

He walked over to me, still not really looking at me. He did not know 
what I wanted! I swear he didn't!

"You haven't ask what I want, are you afraid to?"

"How can I help you." He asked this almost reluctantly, well maybe not, 
but very unsure!

"John, there is something special I must ask of you, it proves you 
really like me.  Lick me."

Even John knew exactly what I was talking about.

"Jennifer, no way, that is disgusting! I can't believe you would ask
me to lick you there! It is not sanitary. No I am not going to.
Jennifer, that is almost disgusting! I never......."

I pointed towards my pussy for emphasis. I waited, wondering, 
could it be he never imagined doing this. I think not. Surely he has 
had fantasies. I had best handle this carefully.

"John why are you acting like that. Be natural with me. Don't put
on a show for me. I know you have thought about your tongue and my
pussy. I am an adult, not a child. If you are an adult, get on your 
knees this second. Right here!"

I pointed to the floor in front of the commode. I glared at him.
John dropped to his knees. I giggled. He started to get up, he is 
so sensitive!

"John, I am not laughing at you! I did not expect you to take so 
long. Don't be like that. That is no fun. John, I am not trying to 
embarrass you, but where have you spent your life?  Haven't you 
seen any adult movies? Enjoy what you are about to do. I hope you 
know how special it is. Do I need to tell you that all those guys 
dying to date me would be on their knees instantly if I told them 
they could lick my pussy. You are very special to me. I am treating 
you like the special person you are."

"But Jennifer, you have just went pee!"

"I know that silly, that is why I need your tongue. My urine is clean,
don't you think my pussy is clean? Are you insulting me John? If you
are, get out! If you are not, then I will make a deal with you. You 
lick my pussy right now, for five minutes, if you do not really love 
it, you do not have to do it anymore and I will continue to date you."

John, looked at my pussy for a few seconds, I though he was trying to 
decide if it was clean enough for his tongue to lick. Maybe he was
trying to decide if he was supposed to look at it. Who knows! It has 
to be the first real one he has ever seen. (g) John ignored this 
giggle and lowered his head, I leaned back, and his tongue found the 
last remaining drops of my piss. There is something really special 
about a boy licking a girls pussy for the first time. I place my 
hands behind his head, prepared for an attempted quick withdrawal.  
It never happened. His tongue was working like a dog that found a 
long lost friend. We had made it past the first hurdle. I was 
concerned for a minute.

"Carry me to my bed."
  
I whispered to him. He picked me up in his arms and carried me out 
of the bathroom like a groom carries his bride over the threshold.  
It is akin to the same you know. This ocassion was very intimate.  
I held him close with my arms around his neck. He was about to take 
me. He knew what we were going to do. It must be animal nature.
He laid me down gently and went straight to my pussy. That was so 
sweet. 

"Wait john, let me put these on the bed." He helped me put the ramp,
incline, and wedge on the bed. I got on the ramp and laid back 
against the wedge. This was a thousand times better than a pillow 
under the ass!

"This will help both of us." I told him. I am sure he had never 
seen anything like these before.

It would too. This position gave him full access to my pussy and 
ass. It was designed for lots of access. John's only access was 
going to be his mouth and tongue! I placed my hands on his head 
and my nails on his neck. There has to be some pain associated 
with a boys first time. The first time must be always remembered. 
A little pain enforces that memory. He started licking my pussy 
the way a cat laps milk.

"Ohh Jennifer, Goddess Jennifer, I would never have believed this 
would taste so good." He said while in pause mode.  

He started lapping again.

"May I teach you to do that the way I like it?" I sweetly asked him.

"Yes, please, I want to know how to please you. I have heard of 
this, I never heard it was this good. Even if someone told me it 
was, I would not have believed it. Jennifer, you are really good!"

"OK, this will be a training session. It will not be even close to 
the pleasures we will each receive after you learn."

"Once your mouth is where it is now, over my pussy. There is nothing 
vulgar about my pussy, my ass, my clit, or anything else about my 
body. I go pee. I even take a dump. I do not want you ever again to 
be, or act shocked when I use those words.  OK?"


"Now your first lick should always be the length of my pussy with a 
WET tongue. The lick should be slow and gentle. That is a very 
sensitive part of me. The inside is a lot more sensitive. You can 
hurt me if you are not gentle."

"I would never hurt you, Jennifer. You are awesome. I am falling 
in love with you."

Now run your tongue in circles around my lips."

I held his head just in case he would try to raise up to my mouth!

"Ohhh that is it. If you listen to my voice and to my breathing 
you will know when you are doing it right. Feel my ass move and 
my nails tighten on your neck? Those are also signals to you.  
Stay intune to my body. Concentrate on giving me pleasure. That 
is why you are there. Take my lips, one at a time between yours and 
suck gently. Run your tongue over it as you suck. Oh, DON'T suck 
hard. Be very gentle with me. Yess, now the other lip. Ummm that 
feels good. It is time to put your tongue inside me. Push just the 
tip in first and wiggle it around before pushing it in more. Ummm, 
John I am already in love with your tongue. Push all of your tongue 
inside, bring it back out, swallow if needed and put it in again."
 
"John, you are now eating my pussy! -----  Well"

"I love it, I really do! I love the taste of your cum, I adore your 
scent! Can I leave my mouth here forever!"
  
"You have a great idea, we will work on that." I giggled. He tensed.

"John, I am going to bite you hard everytime you tense when I giggle!
I giggle when I am happy, when I am being pleased, and sometimes for 
no reason at all! I am not laughing at you! Now eat me out!"

John went back to doing what I last told him to do. Ohhh I was sooo 
hot. I needed to let go and really fuck his face. But I had to use 
restraint and teach him how to properly serve me. How else would he 
ever learn. If I dump him next month, which I doubt, he will have 
acquired some awesome knowledge. Ladies will adore him!

"Now John, inside my pussy is a firm little bud, my clit. Find it with 
your tongue. Ohhhh, that's it, that did not take you long!" I said 
breathlessly.

"When I am very wet, and your tongue is coated with my cum, you can 
lick my clit with short fast licks. Circle it with the tip of your 
tongue too. Ooooh that is good, that is very good. If this is really 
your first time, you are going to be awesome. Ohhhh, keep doing that. 
Don't ever stop.  Ohhh, see what I mean about being intune with my 
body. Ohhh, John, you are awesome! Yeah, keep licking, sucking, and
swallowing, John, swallow, ohhhh John, I love you!"

I had not had any tongue for awhile, I love tongue.  Ohhh this is 
dreamy.  He is so good, and his first time too. And when I am through 
with him here, there is a week of panties he can eat. He will love 
them They have my scent.  Ohhhh he is mine, the things I will do to 
him. I will love using him. I gripped his head harder and squeezed 
his face with my thighs.  He was starting to fight for air.  I sunk 
my nails in a little and held on. He was fighting for air more now.  
I released with my legs but held on with my nails. He could breathe.  
His breath came in hard gasp. He was trying to talk.

"Ohhh don't stop. John, don't you dare stop, I am not going to 
suffocate you. Keep eating my pussy. Ohhh that's it."

In a very short while I will have him so trained that I can have lots 
of multiple orgasms. He will reach the point where he might choose 
death over disappointing me. Boys are sooo stupid, but have such good 
tongues! Ohhhh, I will just go for one orgasm this time. I made
myself a promise though that this is the last one orgasm tongue fuck. 
Multis forever!

"Ohhhh, John, now tongue fuck me. Put your tongue in as far as you
can reach bring it back in your mouth and put it back in". "Yesss, 
in and out, keep your mouth tightly over my pussy and keep swallowing".  
"you are fantastic, oooh really great"!

He was giving me a really good tongue fuck.  

When all my muscles tightened and my body shuddered so hard, I think 
it scared him. This was the first female orgasm he had ever witnessed. 
When I was breathing near normal again I told him how good he was. 
Guys like to be told that. Sensory reinforcement!

"John, that was great, you did so good, I am so proud of you! You 
never even complained when my nails cut you. You never complained 
when I was squeezing your face so hard. You never complained about 
your tongue being tired! You are teriffic! Now arn't you glad you 
listened to me and did that? You almost missed out on a lot."

He wanted to say the reason he did not complain was because he 
could barely breathe. What he did say was just the right thing.

"I was concentrating on pleasing my Goddess. I will always trust 
you about things like this. You know so much. I know nothing.  
Please be patient with me Jennifer. Please don't tell anyone 
how inept I was."

"I would never talk to anyone about our lovemaking. That is very 
intimate, and very private. Don't you ever forget that."

I looked at Johns pants, they were soaked. He had cum a lot and 
never touched his thing. I would have, but, it is not needed. So 
I won't mention it. He probably will sometimes in a future session.
  
"Now John if you really want to please me put your mouth tightly 
over my pussy and suck. That proves to me that you like me a lot 
and adore my bod."
 
"Oh John," was all I said while he was sucking and swallowing.  
I think he really does like the taste of my gooey cum!
  
"At the end of a good love making session you should kiss my ass."

He just stared at me with his mouth opened. I could see cum in 
his mouth! I will never know how I kept from laughing right in his 
face. That would not have been cool! I turned over on my tummy.

"Well John, I am waiting. Remember you are trusting me in matters 
of sex. You did just tell me that, did you not. If you have any 
doubts about licking my asshole, then I am certainly not a 
Goddess to you!"

"Jennifer do you have any idea how beautiful you are?" 

"Of course, silly boy!" (g)

I felt his breath on my ass just seconds before I felt his lips 
kissing my cheeks. I let him kiss me several times taking him 
slow.  John, you are kissing all around the most important spot.  
You do see it don't you?"

"Jennifer ------"

"John, kiss me, ahhhh that is it, that was not at all bad was it.  
French kiss me John ----- John, you said remember ----?"

I felt the tip of his tongue.  

"Love it just like you loved my pussy John. That gives me immense 
pleasure. Ohhh yes, now put your tongue in all the way. The taste 
will not be pleasant but get past the taste, you are giving me 
pleasures that are special and extremely intimate. This is what
 makes great lovers, John."

"Now lets go for a practice session, this is the way you should 
have done it."

"I like my ass crack licked all the way with a wet tongue. We just
made passionate love, I am perspiring. You are going to taste my 
sweat. Ummm that feels so good. Now is when you kiss my ass. Kiss 
my cheeks then kiss my little brown hole. If you love me, you will
kiss it like you love it. Ohhhh, that is a sweet kiss, you do love 
my ass!  French kiss my ass just as lovingly, yessss just like you 
are doing it. Lick around and in my asshole. Put all of your tongue 
up my ass. Bring in in and out and don't forget to swallow. That is 
the beginning of proving love for a Goddess. Does my cute little ass 
taste good?"

"Yes it does, Goddess. But in a strange way, not tasty good, but feel 
good, good. Do you know what I am trying to say? It gives me funny 
feelings too."

"Of course it does, you are licking the ass of someone you believe 
to be a Goddess. As long as I am your Goddess, you will like licking 
my ass. You will adore everything about my little pussy. Everything. 
The more you love me the more you will want to do special things for 
me, even without my asking you to. You will just want to please me 
all of the time. That is true love. That is the kind of love a guy 
must have for me."

"Oh John, look at the time, it is almost 4:00 o'clock! You have to get
this house cleaned up. Get up, put all of my dirty clothes in the hamper.
I need them washed too." I said with a petulant voice.

"I will do all of this. I know how to do laundry and I will love doing
yours". Just lay back, relax and look like a Goddess." John said.

I could handle that! I laid back."That is so sweet." I told him and 
flashed him my best smile. The,"looking like a Goddess part", for me 
was a piece of cake.

"John will you do my parents laundry too. They will think I did it and 
be so pleased with me!"

That was not exactly true. My parents know that I know next to nothing 
about doing laundry!

John turned and looked at me. I was laying back with my hands above my
head on the wedge. I was still on the ramp with my legs dangling over 
the bed. I had put my panties on. He was mesmerized. I do not know what 
I am to do with his mouth falling open. I smiled at him. Then I could 
not help it, I giggled. He was instantly beet red! Can you imagine what 
affect I was having on him! I threw my bra at him.  

"Get to work slave!" I giggled again.
  
John returned to picking up my room. I laid on the bed and watched 
him work. I wondered, should I let him bathe me after he gets my room 
clean.  No, better not give him to much pleasure to quickly.




                 Naturally Demanding but Nice

                       Chapter Four

                     John's Thoughts

The previous three chapters have been from Jennifers point of view.  
This chapter is from John's point of view.

My grandma and I just move here. We thought the climate would be better 
for her health. It did not help.  
My parents died when I was very young. My Grandpa died recently. My 
Grandma will not be alive much longer. She has been moved back to the 
nursing home to die. The doctors have already told me she is just old 
and everything is worn out. She is 93. I have taken care of them for 
the last three years. They took care of me when I was unable to care 
for myself. Now do not feel sorry for me. I never knew my parents. My 
grandparents were wonderful to me. Enough sad stuff.

Let me tell you about me, it will help you to understand my, "Goddess 
Worship Syndrome". I am 5' 11", weight 133, light blue eyes, brown hair.  
Nothing to distinguish me from a few million other guys. I am 
intelligent, 122 IQ. I would class me as an introvert. Talking to girls 
does not come easy. Talking to pretty girls even harder. Talking to 
pretty girls who are also popular, next to impossible. I have had very 
little one on one with girls since the beginning of middle school, 
about the 6th grade. About when some of them started to get really 
beautiful asses. There was something about the way they protruded 
from the rest of their bodies. I have received many dirty looks for 
looking at that beloved anatomy. All the girls I was interested in 
was always interested in some jock, or some boy whose parents had 
money, and who dressed more in style than I.  I was always clean, 
and neat, but my clothes came from The Dollar Store, and once in 
awhile I would get something nice from Wal-mart or K-Mart. Yard sales 
were a "grandma past time",too. Anything from these, and in a town 
of 800 people, every boy knew which items of apparel he used to wear.  
That does not make for easy popularity with the really cool chicks 
of any age. That is in the past. I am grateful for that at least.  
At the new town, my yard sale clothes were much better. They became
my favorites immeadiately. No one here knew they were yard sale
merchandise. I felt a lot better wearing them. I had a few semi 
trendy things.

Anyway, the day after we moved here I saw this unbelievable 
Goddess. I had worked straightening up the house and was tired of 
working. Grandma was feeling better, so I took a walk. I went by 
the school, it was quite large but looked nice.  

There coming out of a pastries shop was a Goddess. There is no 
other word for her. The prettiest hair I have ever seen. Strawberry 
blonde hair, in a very bouncy pony tail. I was across the street.  
I stared. I never imagined such beauty in the flesh. I do not 
believe she noticed me at all. I stood on the corner and watched 
her walking away. I was mesmerized. I followed her. Her ass was 
a sight to behold. It was barely covered with cute short shorts.  
I have watched and fantasized about pretty girls for years now.  
I have seen nothing like this. I hardly see how she can be from 
earth! Surely she dropped from heaven, if heaven has anything 
that beautiful. I closed the distance. She did not know I existed.  
I would have been content just to gaze upon her beauty forever. 
Especially that ass! Somehow I had to get to know her. I know 
she would never be interested in me. I am no jock, no stud, not 
rich, and have no fancy car. Hell, I don't even have a car. My
only attribute is, I do make top grades and do so easily. 
Please let her be as dumb as she is beautiful and have a need 
for me. I would bathe in the glory of doing her home work, 
slipping her answers to test. To walk down the hall carrying 
her books, ah, such is from which dreams are made. I'd even 
carry her! Boy would I carry her! I would love carrying her 
all over the school, to and from school, everywhere. And be proud 
she was allowing me to do it too. I have always had fantasies 
where a pretty girl I admired would "make" me do things for her  
You know, homework, wash her car, even clean her house, not just 
her room, but the whole house. I also did first her's than the 
entire families' laundry. If she had no sisters I would make some 
up in my dreamworld. My fantasy would take me farther and deeper 
into slavery for her. It would began as minor stuff but would 
always end in my serving her in unspeakable ways. I have mouth 
washed more panties in my dreams than most Frederick stores sell 
in a month! I have always thought there may be something 
psycologically wrong with me. I worried about it a lot then one 
day I found the solution. Just don't think about it anymore. Not 
the fantasies, but the fear of being weird.
  
There was this pretty girl in school where I moved from. She was 
not beautiful, just kinda pretty. Actually her waist was to large, 
her neck to short, and she had a few pimples on her face.

The day before I moved I forced myself to have the nerve and 
approach her and let her know that I wanted to be her slave. I 
walked up to her and said.

"Chrissy, I want to be your slave."
  
She smiled and said, "cool". "The way you helped me with school 
last year, I think you were."

"That is not what I mean, I mean I want to serve you. Do your 
housework, laundry, I have fantasies about cleaning your panties 
with my mouth."

I will not soon forget that look.

She said, "Get away from me you freak! I thought you were a little 
strange. I did not know you were a sicko pervert! If you come near 
me again, I'll scream!"

I never want to repeat that scene again. How could I have been so 
stupid. I ran, yeah ran away from there. Lucky for me it was 
downtown and no one else heard. Now I knew I was moving the next
day, she did not. I learned something though. I learned to never 
do that again. Logic would dictate that any girl would want a 
slave. Not true!

This beautiful Goddess turned in the sidewalk to her house. It 
was a very beautiful home, large too. Looks like they have a pool 
in the back. The whole back yard is enclosed by a nice tall wood 
fence. I stopped and watched her. Just before she got to the door 
it opened and another Goddess appeared, only older. Now I am not 
in to the Mrs.Robinson syndrome. But with her I would make an 
exception! She had the same hair, same golden complexion, and her 
voice. Sexy and with a totally beautiful accent. I was almost sure 
it was French. They said a few words to each other. I loved those 
voices! I would have wet dreams for a week about these ladies. Hey, 
I would drink a gallon of their piss just to see where it came from 
and would eat a pile of their shit for the pleasure of kissing 
those divine asses. That is a saying one of the guys back home said 
a lot. I know he was just saying that. No one actually does those 
things.

She,an older sister whom I presumed to be about 30, maybe younger, 
waved to me. I was caught standing there looking at her sister's 
ass. I wave back and quickly walked by without looking anymore.  
I could feel the red on my face.

I have had many wet dreams, all while awake, about those two, but 
especially the one I followed home. It would be easy to imagine 
either of them as being a total Goddess but she is the one I 
chose to worship. I don't even know if she is the prettiest.  
The older sister was certainly beautiful, just to old for me.  
Well not to old for me to serve her in my dreams. I would
sure love her wet panties in my mouth! I am not supposed to 
have thoughts like these. I mentioned a little about them to
my grandma and she said they were not healthy thoughts. Not 
to ever let anyone else know about my thoughts. I had 
reinforcement on that theory with Chrissy!

I walked by their house often. I never seen either of them again 
until school started. When School started I knew my special Goddess 
would drive, but I walked on past the school anyway. I could not 
believe my good fortune, there she was walking straight towards me.  
She was so pretty, god she was beautiful. This was the first day 
of school and she was dressed for the ocassion. Her hair framed her 
face in ringlet curls and hung down a few inches below her neck.  
What a Goddess. She was in sandals, her feet were as perfect as the 
rest of her. Her nails were painted a light color and was perfect as 
a light contrast with her skin. She had an anklet braclet on that 
must have cost a hundred dollars. Her necklace and ear rings, more 
than a thousand. She also had some rings on that looked like more 
than costume jewelry. But then I knew when I saw her house that 
she was high dollar. That is ok, I could still dream about her.

I said hi just to hear her voice, not at all sure if she would speak.  
This Goddess was way out of my class. To my surprise, she said "Hi", 
and smiled. What teeth, totally white and sparkling. She had the 
most beautiful mouth I had ever seen. I would dream of those teeth 
biting me. She could devour me one bite at a time and I would endure 
the pain and slowly die for her as she ate away my flesh. I walked 
on, turned at the corner and walked back to school. I had her in 
every class!

I am not sure what the teacher said in any of them. I just looked 
at her. It was inevitable that she catch me looking at her. I mean 
if you keep looking at anyone they will eventually see you staring!

She looked straight at me for a few seconds and a big smile lit up her 
whole face, like I was doing something for her by staring at her!

I knew I had to pay attention to the teachers the second day. Good 
thing, we were already into assignments.

I quickly found that this school was no harder than the one I left.  
I looked at her several times each class but I concentrated on 
school work too. After all my being good in the books is all I had 
going for me. If I could ever get her attention, that had to be the 
way. Did I tell you that everyday I walked past the school just to 
meet her. Now I meet her in the halls a lot, but the halls were full 
and there were always a million people talking to her, mostly guys 
that I could in no way compete with.

Friday before I met her I had no idea that my life was about to 
change dramatically forever in ways I had only dreamed. She picked 
me up! I have never been shocked like that in my life, well maybe 
once. Chrissy did that, (shocked me). This was a pleasant shock. 
Chrissy's was not at all pleasant!

Jennifer was in total control of me from the time I said "Hi".  
I never had a prayer. She had the poise of a life long star and 
used it. Oh, I knew what she was doing, I was just powerless to 
prevent it. Truth is,I did not want to prevent anything! I knew 
I wanted to be used by her. She had me carrying her books, even 
her gym clothes in seconds. I did more for her in one day than 
I have ever done for a girl. Everything came natural for her.  
She was just naturally demanding.

She had me following her around, carrying stuff, getting stuff 
for her, like in the cafeteria, she said, "John, some of us 
always sit over there in the corner by big window, bring my 
tray over."
 
Naturally demanding, that was Jennifer. There was no please, no 
will you, she just knew I would, she may have even known I was 
dying to do stuff for her. She was a class act. I have observed 
a lot of girls. Nothing in her league. She had to come to earth 
from somewhere else. Even in this school of more beautiful girls 
than I have ever seen, she is light years beyond any of them.  
Like I said there are beautiful girls here of all colors. No one 
approaches her class. They know it, she knows it, and she knows 
they know it. She can put them down and never say a word and she 
does it all the time. Still, her popularity goes off the charts.  
Amazing, and I am with her. I know she is using me. I am not 
stupid. She has no idea I know I am being used. A girl like this 
does not go with guys like me. But hey, I am along for the ride.  
Last night I was pretending to be eating her, using my mouth on 
her panties, hell, I was even cleaning her house and doing all 
of her laundry, panties by mouth first. She even asked me to do 
her parents laundry, I did her mom's panties by mouth too. All 
of this was in my very awake, wet dreams. Just being near her 
was paradise. I even got to hear her speak to me, although it 
usually was to tell me to do this, or get that. I would do all 
of those things even if she made me walk 10 spaces behind her.  
I have sharpened a pencil in every class for her. A couple did 
not need it. She would say, in the middle of a conversation 
with someone else, "John, would you be sweet and sharpen my 
pencil for me?" A million dollar smile always accompanied the 
request.
 
I heard one of the other girls on the dance/pom pom squad say, 
"Jennifer how do you do that?"
 
"I heard Jennifer's answer. "Do what?"
 
Yeah, her giggle followed, along with the giggles of a few 
other girls.
   
She walks with me, and on a few ocassions has taken my hand when 
it was not loaded with her stuff. Yes I have held the hand of the 
schools foremost Goddess. SCHOOLS, she is the WORLDS foremost 
Goddess. I could feel my self tremble, then a certain part gets 
hard when she took my hand. I had just transfered our books to 
one hand. She casually took my hand, looked at me and squeezed it.  
All that stuff comes so easy with her. She is rapidly owning me, 
she thinks I don't know. She quickly started refering to me as, 
"slave". She would giggle and make like it was a joke. She was 
not joking, not really. She was taking ownership of me a lot, 
not a little, at a time. She moved fast.
  
I am not complaing at all, I was in heaven! I have forever dreamed 
of such a thing. I have wanted to be with a pretty girl who wanted 
me to do everything for her, wanted to use me, I think my dreams 
have been answered. My grandma has told me lots of times, "Be 
careful what you wish for," well grandma, this is what I have 
wished for, Jennifer is it.

She invited me to her house. I was in paradise. She even allowed 
me to carry her stuff and walk with her to her house. She 
stopped to talk to some very pretty girls, though obviously from 
junior high. Not by looks,they looked like high school. But by 
the direction they were going. She talked with them quite awhile.  
When I started to put her bags down, she quickly excercised her 
authority. She did that not for her, not for her bags, but for the 
girls she was talking to. She wanted them to know I was hers. Not 
hers as in boyfriend, but hers. Yeah, I have found my dream!

I was so glad she called Saturday. I was ready to jump  up and 
run all the way to her house in hope of performing some task 
for her. Just to see her,hear her voice, touch her, yeah, serve her.

She asked me to bring her a chocolate covered pastry. That is what 
she went to get when I first saw her. The pastry I buy her will be 
so lucky, it will get held by her hands and bit by her teeth. I 
wished I could be so lucky!

I instantly remembered the scent and taste of her. Yeah, I got 
that opportunity. I have been so lucky since moving here. She set 
her gym bag in front of me, unzipped, with her panties on top, 
and walked away! I knew I was taking a chance, I could have blown 
everything and had a Chrissy incidence all over again. The urge 
was so powerful I could not resist. I looked all around and 
quickly put her panties to my nose and mouth. Heaven, pure heaven.  
Her scent was intoxicating to me. The crotch was so wet. My tongue 
came out tentatively at first, then I licked in earnest. Never 
have I done anything remotely erotic as this. Pure heaven! I 
wanted to put them in my pocket and take them home. I knew I
could not pull that off. But tomorrow when I am at her house, 
I will steal, no borrow, a pair.  Maybe two, I thought.

The clock move so slowly. I went to the pastry shop and got 
her pastry. I waited five minutes at the bakery so as not to 
be to early. I even told the guy behind the counter that the 
pastry was Jennifer. He smiled and said.

"Jennifer Abdellaoui," she loves those alright, you are a 
very lucky guy. She is extemely particular. Every guy tries 
to date her but she chooses who she wants. You must be new 
here. Have you met her parents?"

"No, just Jennifer." I replied.
  
"You will and soon, they are a very close family. Wonderful
people, their mom used to be a top model. She looks like 
Jennifer's Sister!"

"How many are in her family?" I asked.
  
"Dr. Abdellaoui, her Mom, Monica. And you know Jennifer." 
He answered.
 
"A remarkable family, in more ways then their looks. Everyone 
loves them. They have done a ton for the community. If there 
was ever a perfect looking man, Dr. Abdellaoui is it. And those 
ladies, hey, they are really gorgeous.
  
I knew then that the gorgeous creature I saw, whom I first 
believed to be a sister, was her mom. Hard to believe. No wonder 
Jennifer is so beautiful. Her mom is a Goddess. Maybe she is the 
one who fell from heaven and mated with a mortal.

"I have seen Mrs. Abdellaoui at a distance." I said.
 
The counter man said,"The closer you are to her, the better she 
looks."  

I will never forget Jennifer's face when she met me at her door. 
I knew she was beautiful, I just did not know how beautiful. I 
think her eyes and mouth were what appeared a little different, 
god she was knock down gorgeous. Her eyes were kinda almond shaped, 
her lips a little pouty. I know she did that with make up. But she 
just enhanced what she already had. She was so gorgeous, if she 
had said, "Eat my shit," I would have shoveled it in by the 
handfuls. But she did not want me to eat shit, she just wanted 
me to clean her house. That was alright, hey, did I not dream of 
doing stuff for her. I was rewarded, big time. I put lotion on her 
tits and on her butt. I would have killed for that priviledge.  
I already knew, after that, I would do absolutely anything for 
her. When she was eating her pastry, all I could do was look at 
her. With every bite those teeth made into the pastry I dreamed 
they were biting me. If after she finished her pastry, she would 
have looked at me and in her sexy voice said. "I am still hungry, 
lay on the table, I am going to eat you up." I would have bid 
this world goodby and laid on the table.

When she was giving me her lecture about bodies, language, etc., 
I was shocked. Really shocked, especially after the Chrissy thing.  
Boy am I glad Chrissy did not want me. Chrissy don't look good 
enough to kiss a single ass in this family!
 
I worked hard cleaning her house. The first thing I did though 
was run upstairs to find a pair of her panties. That was not hard, 
there were two pair on her bathroom floor. I quickly put both to 
my mouth, I inhaled from one and licked the other. Pure heaven.  
I gave it several licks, kissed the one I was inhaling, and laid 
them both back similar to the way they were laying. I would have 
loved wearing one pair over my face with the crotch covering my 
nose while I clean another pair in my mouth. You know chew and 
squish my saliva in and out of the crotch until my spit was 
concentrated with the natural juices of her panties, then swallow 
and start over again. I would like to eat every pair panties in
this house!

I know she had planned for me to carry her to the house from the 
pool. She had her sandals on when she went to sun! That is ok, 
really ok! There is something special about carrying a girl, and 
when that girl is a Goddess, well I would carry her everywhere for 
the rest of my life and enjoy it so much I would wish to live 
forever.

When she called me from her bathroom, I was speechless. When she 
told me what she wanted I could not believe my good fortune. I 
was reluctant to show my emotion because of the Chrissy thing.  
I certainly wanted no repeat of that disaster. But Jennifer was 
asking me to do something I have been fantasizing about. I knew
I was going to love this place. I loved the taste of her pee and 
her pussy.  Both tasted far better than in my imagination. Her 
pussy already had cum in it. Mixed with her pee, both were 
delicious! Her scent was better than any dream could ever be. I 
will have a source for my dreams now. Masturbation. would be a 
much more accurate word then "dream". Dream just evokes a better 
connotation.

Then my Goddess asked me to take her to her bed. I knew she wanted 
to be eaten out. My first real chance to eat pussy. And what a 
pussy. A blonde Goddess of indescribable beauty. I carried her the 
same way a bride is carried over the threshold. It was a sacred 
moment for me. The way she held me it must have been for her too. 
She was so patient with me. She knew this was my first time. When 
my tongue brought back the first flow of her cum I was in ecstasy.  
Her soft words of encouragement kept me there. Her nails hurt a lot.  
She squeezed my face with her thighs so hard I wondered if she 
would crush my face. I think the only thing that prevented that was 
the softness of her thighs. Her legs were incredibly strong yet 
her inner thighs were soft as feathers. When I could not breathe 
I started to panic. I should have known my Goddess would take care 
of me. She was obviously very experienced. I am not jealous of the 
other guys that have eaten her out. I want to be the only one to 
do that now though. I am not sure why that is important. If it is 
ever a share me or lose me situation, I will share her. Losing her 
is unacceptable. When she told me to kiss her ass. I felt so stupid.
I stared at her with my mouth open and full of her cum. I was 
holding it in my mouth because I loved the taste so much. She thought 
I did not want to kiss her ass. Boy was she wrong about that! I felt 
I had to say things to keep her from knowing how much I wanted to do 
the things she wanted done, and more. I could not bare for her to look 
at me the way Chrissy did and call me the names Chrissy called me. I 
am sure I fooled her. She turned over, it took me a few seconds to 
start licking her. I had a lot of her cum in my mouth and it was 
really gooey. But tasted so good. A sweet taste that I will remember 
always. Now I wondered if all girls tasted like that, or if she taste 
that way to me because I love her so much (infatuated with her maybe). 
I hope to get to taste her cum all of my life. I have heard my grandma 
use the term,"Pussy whipped", yep that is me alright.
 
I have to get my hands on her mom's panties although it is a long
ways from licking the real thing. Jennifers panties were good, but her 
pussy tasted thousands of times better!  

When I inhaled from Jennifer's ass I could smell the unmistakable 
aroma of shit. It did not repulse me, not at all, it aroused me again 
even after I had hunched the bed a very short while ago while eating 
her pussy. I licked her pretty brown ass hole. She told me exactly 
how she wanted me to worship her. It is imprinted on my brain forever.
I will never forget how my Goddess wishes to have her beautiful pussy 
eaten, nor will I ever forget how she wants her cute little brown hole 
worshiped. I would clean her house and mow her lawn a year for the 
ecstasy she has given me. So when she suggested I go back to work I 
was ready. She laid on the bed giggling while I did her work.  

I simply have to eat those panties, hers and her mom's too. How am I 
going to do it if she stays up here. I thought. Then I had an idea.

"Jennifer, if you want to swim or something I don't mind, I will 
let you know when I have finished with the cleaning and you can see 
if I have missed anything. I want your mom to be really pleased."

"That is sweet of you, you are the best, really the very best. I am 
going to swim, I have not done my laps for today.  Ceya SLAVE!"
 
She said that with a giggle. I did not think she was laughing at me.  
I did think she was serious about the slave thing. I do not mind. 
In fact I enjoy being her slave. Fate has dealt me the cards I have 
always dreamed of holding. I will play out the hand.




                Naturally Demanding but Nice

                       Capter Five  

                  The making of a Goddess


She went down the stairs still giggling. I heard her call back 
from the bottom of the stairs. "Do a really good job, slave, 
my mom is very particular!"
  
She always giggled after calling me "slave". 

I picked up her panties and started to eat them in earnest as I 
cleaned on her bathroom sink. Jennifer was certainly not a 
meticulous housekeeper! Her bathroom was a lot dirtier than her 
bedroom. Her bedroom just needed picked up, clothes, magazines, 
books, paper, etc. Her bathroom bordered on filthy. Wrong word, 
a Goddesses' bathroom could never be, "filthy". I also gathered 
her clothes, sorted them and took a load to the laundry room. I 
would save the undergarments until last. I wanted to mouth 
wash the panties first. I had a pair in my mouth and a pair over 
my face with my nose buried in the crotch. What a dream Goddess. 
I can never let her know what a perv I really am. 
  
The laundry units were a lot fancier than I had seen but easy to 
figure out. I started her clothes and went back up stairs. I hope 
this is not construed as cheating on my beautiful Goddess but I 
had to have a taste of her mom's panties. I went in the master
bedroom. It was spotless. Nothing out of place. I went in the 
master bath. It was spotless alos and very exquisite.  I spotted 
the clothes hamper. I was trembling as I walked to it. What if 
Jennifer saw me, how would I explain? I looked in the hamper, 
there were just a few articles of clothing. A pair of panties 
was one of the articles. I picked them up like one would examine 
a piece of expensive glass. I put them to my nose and inhaled 
deeply. They were perfumed and I could tell nothing about her 
scent. There was a lot of cum on them though. I used my nails 
to scrape it off her panties and when I got all off I could, 
I put the scrapings in my mouth. The sweet taste was present 
but also another taste, salty and something else. Not 
unpleasant. I would love to eat her out. I put her panties 
back in the hamper and went back to Jennifer's bathroom feeling 
like I had just cheated on my Goddess. 

Jennifer was extremely sweet. I loved eating her pussy. She was 
a million times better than I ever had a right to expect. Hey, 
I ate her on the first date! I must be totally out of my mind 
to mess around with any one else. I knew if Jennifer caught me 
she would dump my ass in a minute. Then I would have only my
imagination. I had best shape up, or Jennifer would be shipping 
me out.

I picked up a new pair of Jennifer's panties and begin to clean 
them with my mouth as I scrubbed her tub and shower. When I had 
everything spotless except her toilet, I knelt down in front of 
it and lovingly licked her toilet seat. I licked every square 
inch of it. This was where Jennifer sat to go potty it was akin 
to a shrine. I was so lucky! I started to raise up when I heard 
a giggle. I froze. What have I done? Jennifer was standing there 
watching me and giggling. I felt less than one inch tall. Never 
have I been so embarassed. I had hugh lumps in my throat, my 
chest, and my stomach. I knew everything was over. No Goddess 
Jennifer. I blew it all for only a few moments of pleasure. I 
am a victim of my perverted lust.

Ohh John, you look sooo funny kissing my toilet seat. Stay 
right there put your head back down and kiss my toilet seat 
again, I want a pic of that!  (G) You were kissing my toilet 
seat were you not?" 
 
She was giggling all of the time. I was not going to try 
lying to her completely. She had been very adamant about what 
she thought of liars. At least she does not know I was licking 
her toilet seat. Maybe I can skate on this. Would she think 
more of a guy who worships her enough to kiss her toilet seat, 
or classify him as, Being weird or even worse, a pervert. I 
wished for a hole to crawl into. The only hole available was 
her toilet and I had enough problems in that area already.

"Yes. Do you want me to leave?"

"Heck no! I want you to put your lips back to my toilet so I 
can get my camera and take a pic!"

"Please, Jennifer, I can't do that I am embarassed enough 
already."

"Hey slave, am I your Goddess or not?"
  
"I want you to be, if you will still have me." I answered.

"Silly boy, of course, this just makes me feel more special.  
It makes me realize you worship me a lot more than I first 
realized. Hey if you are so infatuated with me that you will 
kiss my dirty toilet, boy, you have it bad, like really BAD! 
Like you really worship me, don't you? (g)

Will you kiss my toilet seat while I snap your pic?"

"Yes." I answered.

"Awesome then, go ahead and kiss it!" (g)

"I was saying I really worship you. Oh Jennifer,this is so  
embarrassing."

"Are you embarassed you kissed my toilet, or are you 
embarassed I caught you?" She asked with giggles.

"I am not ashamed of kissing your toilet seat. The most 
beautiful ass the world has ever known sits on that seat."
  
I knew I might as well go for broke. I would survive this 
or be a laughing stock for sure. Jennifer was nothing like 
Chrissy. I knew she was into this, "Being worshipped", bit.  
She was going to have to be way into it to keep me as her 
boyfriend after this. Man, I was so embarrassed.

"Then do not be ashamed because I caught you. I'm glad I 
caught you. I love it! (g) You looked so comical. Let me get 
more pics! Don't look sad. Look happy! I would never show 
them around school. I understand,I really do. Do you think you 
are the first guy that I have seen do this?" 

Hey, slave that is why I came up here! I told you after this 
weekend you would not be embarassed anymore, remember. Let me 
see my panties! I am going to bet you the crotch is clean on  
almost all of them!  uhmmm, I wonder how that happen? She 
giggled as she held up a pair of her mouth washed panties!  
Wet too! Do you know what made them wet? (g) You silly slave, 
it is ALRIGHT! I love it! Any girl in her right mind would.  
You think so highly of me that you were kissing my toilet after 
sucking my panties clean. Uhmmm, I wonder what all I can get 
you to do to prove your love for me? (g)  
I am really wicked, John, really wicked!  Stay right there now!"

Jennifer appeared back with a camera.  

"Kiss my toilet seat, John. ---- John, if you don't, I will think 
you really don't worship me, that you were thinking of someone 
else when you were kissing my toilet." 

I kissed her toilet seat and the flash bounced off my very red 
face.
  
"Again John, except this time put your tongue out."

"Must I, Jennifer?" I asked pleadingly.

"Yes." (g)

I licked her seat. She took pictures while she giggled. I felt 
the lowest I had ever felt. Well, except for the Chrissy thing.

(g) "I just said stick your tongue out, (g), I never said 
actually lick my toilet, ughhhh!  Oh, John, you are to much!  
You know I now own you, really own you. I own you body and soul! 
Oooooo licking my dirty toilet! John, shame on you."  

She was not going to let me off easy. She was milking this for 
all it was worth.

"There are a lot worse thing than being owned by a true Goddess."  
I answered.

"Do not be so sure, my little panty eating slave. I am beautiful.
I know that. I am also wicked! You have been warned. If you stay 
with me, with all I know about your kinky ideas of love, well---- 
Do you want a girl friend who is like,totally wicked?"

"I have to go pee, get out of my bathroom, unless you want to be 
my toilet!"

"Uhmmm, I wonder, would you John?" She called out as I exited the 
bathroom and closed the door behind me. 

What have I unleashed I wondered.

"If you let my toilet get this dirty again, I am going to use your 
mouth, slave!"  (g)

"John, I have need of you. (g)  Guess what is still missing?  (g)  
Did you neglect putting toilet paper in my bathroom on purpose?  
Well did you,John? (g)  John, are you coming in here?" (g)

I entered her bathroom again. She really looked like a Goddess 
on a throne. I still can not believe she was so uninhibited. It 
bothered her not at all to be sitting on the toilet and me in 
there with her. She amazes me. Going to the bathroom is a private 
thing.

"Sit down right there, John." She cooed as she pointed to the 
floor in front of her commode. "Just like before."

She did her closed mouth grin that looked like she was about 
to burst out laughing as she leaned back and jutted her pussy 
towards me. Totally uninhibited, that's Jennifer.

I did her bidding. And sat on the floor. She looked so radiant, 
so powerful as she got off the toilet and squatted placing her 
pussy at my mouth.
  
"Right there slave. Lick it good." She either could not keep 
from laughing at me or did not try.

I started licking her pussy. Removing all the urine as I had 
done before. I had no idea where it would end. She had already 
told me she was very wicked. What does very wicked mean. That 
is a relative term and means a lot of different things to 
different people. This was,"Very wicked",to me!

"John have you ever had a girl nibble on you? No, of course not, 
you have not been that intimate with a girl. I like to nibble 
sometimes. It is kinda painful for you but sooo erotic! Let me 
show you."

She got off me and held her hand for me to hold as she raised up. 
I can not believe how beautiful she is. No one has the right to 
be so perfect. She gave me a wicked smile showing lots of teeth.

"You gotta hold very still now, OK! (g) If you pull away it could 
be serious."

"I like to nibble when I am just sit aroung listening to music, 
watching tv, or just talking to a guy I really admire. It is so 
erotic! It is a very popular thing here for couples into intimate 
dating. All the really popular girls to it to their boyfriends. 
It kinda shows ownership, you know. Let me show you what a, nibble, 
is! (g) I will nibble your neck!

I obediently turned my neck to her, god she was beautiful! She 
smiled wickedly and went for my neck just like a vampire. She 
giggled as her teeth touched the side of my neck and I winched.

She was frightening me a little. I knew nibble meant she was 
going to bite me. I assumed a small,light bite, a hickey. I 
found out. Small yes,light,no!

"Hold perfectly still or this will hurt a lot more. That is the 
secret to survival (g) while being nibbled, hold still!"

She was enjoying this to much. Her teeth touched my neck again.  
I know I am crazy. No one in his right mind lets a girl do this 
to him, no matter how beautiful she is, or who else is doing it.  
I do not see how this can be,"The in thing". I know nothing about 
intimate dating though.
 
I felt her teeth as she slowly applied pressure on a very small 
part of my neck. The pain was great. By far the most she had hurt 
me. It took all of my concentration and will power to avoid jerking 
away. I held still as she slowly removed a tiny amount of the first 
layer of my skin. I yelled in pain,it hurt so much. My yell 
embarassed me. It did not even bleed. Jennifer would think I was a 
whimp to cry out with a little thing like that. I touched it, it was 
really sore. My finger tip was moist. It was like the skin under a 
blister when it burst.

"I am sorry I yelled, I am stronger than that."

"I knew you would, that is very painful, it is not the most painful 
thing I will do to you, but, hey it hurts! Here, let me bite the 
other side like that!" She said giggling."I like symmetry". More 
giggles."You get another chance to prove how brave you are!" (g)

I'm crazy, complete loss of mind. I turned for her as she again 
used the vampyre approach. Her mouth was so gorgeous.  I could not 
take my eyes from it. The way she looked when she smiled and showed 
me the teeth that were going to cause me much pain. I did not mind 
the pain, I told myself. Hearing her joyful laughter and giggles 
was worth enduring a thousand times the pain of nibbles. The way she 
said "nibbles", made me realize I was a part of something truly 
special.

"Hey since I know you can take it without jerking away, I will
nibble a lot slower this time. It is more pleasure for me. It is a 
lot more painful for you though. Welll the pain is not greater,just 
last longer." 

I felt the pain as her beautiful teeth closed on a small part of 
my neck. If my whole body would have been in her mouth and this 
would be my last minutes to live, I would die happy. I was looking 
at her perfect tits. The pain became so intense that I closed my 
eyes and gritted my teeth to avoide crying out. Still a little cry 
of pain escaped my lips as her teeth so skillfully remove the 
tiniest amount of skin from my neck. Oh that hurt. Tears were in 
my eyes. I felt like a whimp.

"Ohhh John, that was so sweet. I love you so much. I love you for 
all you are doing for me, all you are going to do for me, and it 
is truly special the way you stood there and let me nibble on you.  
That proves you care deeply for me. It is important for a girl to 
know her boyfriend cares so much for her and puts her fun above a 
little pain. I love you! I like to nibble too! I never realized 
how much until now! I guess it is because it is you I am nibbling 
on! My mom has always told me that when I find that special guy, 
he will let me nibble and I will really be turned on by it.

Her face was all aglow,her eyes were the deepest blue. Dark blue, 
like crystal clear water with the sun shining on it that is so deep 
you can not see the bottom. Her mouth was in a big smile, her face 
was a picture of ecstasy.

"John, I just discovered, I Love nibbling on you! I know it is 
really soon but are you falling in love with me? You must be to 
do this stuff for me and let me nibble on you. We have already 
had more intimate experiences than most couples have in six months."

"Goddess, I fell in love with you the moment I seen you. You have 
got to be the world's most beautiful lady. I will prove I love
you. Would you like to bite me again?"

Did I just say that? Is this really what I want. I must think this 
through as soon as I can think straight. This girl has me under a 
spell of some sort that I do not understand. I stand here ready to 
let her do anything that gives her pleasure, the hell with the cost 
to me. I know that is dangerous and very hazzarous to my health. 
When I asked her if she wanted to nibble again, she looked at me.  
She must have stared at me for thirty seconds. Then her face went 
into a serious smile, a complete look of love and adoration.

"Ohhhh yes I do, a lot! But the most important part, you actually 
asked me to nibble on you. John, that is a lot sweeter than you 
could possibly know. I will nibble on you with love. You will endure 
a lot of pain for your Goddess. I am worth your pain, arn't I?"
  
I quickly answered,"Yes."

"Would you give your life to me, John?" 

"I think I already have my Goddess, I gave it to you when you first 
said, 'Hi', to me. You are just collecting it one day at a time."

"You are so sweet, and you say that so sincerely."

"Give me your finger,no, your ring finger on your left hand. 
It is the marking finger anyway, if you want to go steady 
with me. I guess I just presumed you do. Considering all you 
are doing for me."

I did not ask what she meant by,"The marking finger". Right 
now, she could do anything to me. She is a true Goddess. A 
Godddess has no boundaries. Hey, I am going steady with the 
worlds most beautiful girl! So short a time to. This is 
awesome!

"Lets sit over here, John, this will take to long to stand."

She smile very sweetly as she put her mouth on my finger.
I could feel her sweet breath. She looked at me and smiled.

"This is really, really sweet of you, John. It helps to
show your devotion to me. I love you."

I started to say, I love you too, but the pain cut short my
sentence. It was more painful than the nibbles of my neck.
She bit so slowly. When her teeth removed the little piece
of skin she reached in her mouth with long perfectly shaped
fingers and removed the skin from her mouth.

"Here, you hold them." She said as she handed my skin to me.

I know I agreed to one more bite. I do not know where she
came up with multi nibbles. It was alright, anything Jennifer 
did was alright. 

The pain was excruciating though. After each very slow nibble, 
she put the skin in my hand. The pieces are so tiny, the pain 
so great. She had three nibbles before stopping. She was 
smiling again. Like when she nibbled on my neck.
  
"It hurts, doesn't it? I will make your ring so pretty! It
will be the best one in school!"

She looked down at my crotch. 
  
"John! You are turned on my giving you pain! You like it! John, 
that is a very dangerous trait to reveal to me! She said as she 
pressed on the bulge in my pants.

I looked at my finger, she was nibbling a line around it. She was 
removing the skin to make a ring.

"Do you like the design?"

"Yes, you are making a ring on my finger."

"More than that, When I have completed the ring, I will give you
some stuff to put on it. If you put in on my bites, it will 
make a permanent scar. You will always have the ring, you will 
always belong to me, and only me, forever. The ring will be black
and very noticable. One you can never remove. I will own you
forever. It is what you want, is it not?"

"I have practiced nibbling on a lot of guys. I wanted to be able to 
make a ring like I am making on your finger. I wanted my ring to be 
ornate. Not just a ring, but a pretty ring."

"I want to go steady with you." I told her. What guy would not?
That became a dream I really did not give much hope to ever comimg 
true.
 
"I knew that when I first saw you I had to be near you always. I 
just had no hope. The day I saw you coming out of the pastry shop,  
I followed you home. You are all I thought about. I knew whatever 
it took, I was going give being with you my best shot. Belong to 
you if you wished. I knew I was not in your class. But neither is 
anyone else. I prayed that you would want me. 

All week in school everything you did made my hopes higher that I 
could become special to you. I observed you closely, your every 
action, your every move. You always showed me that you were a 
Goddess. In only five days you have answered my prayers. Please 
Goddess,let me serve and worship you, but Goddess, please promise 
that you will never throw me away."

"You ARE serious? John, this is not a game. I am very real. I am 
dedicated to this lifestyle. Do you know what I mean by, 'This 
lifestyle,' John?"

"Not much, you are making me ---- kinda your slave, right?"

"I think you were my slave the first time you saw me, we are just 
putting on the finishing touches. (g) I deserve a slave.  I have
special needs. I truly enjoying using people. I have used several 
guys for a short time. None were totally dedicated to me. Some 
wanted to fuck me, and that is not going to happen. You won't ever 
try to force me, will you John. That would be very bad. It would 
be the end of us forever too."

"I promise,Jennifer. Look what I have already permitted you to 
do to me! Your teeth hurt! This ring making is pure torture.  
I never dreamed I would let anyone do such a thing to me, yet, 
I want you to."

"I know that silly boy," she answered with a giggle and a tremendous 
smile. The kind of smile that said, I can do anything I want to you.  
She could too.
 
Her face was close to mine and she was looking into my eyes, maybe 
into my soul. She told me about her, some things I had already 
guessed, some I was not prepared for.

"OK, this is what I am about. I am high maintenance, and extremely 
demanding. You do not have a lot of money to spend on me, so you
will have to give me a lot of you. I will take a little of you some 
days, and somedays I will take a lot of you. It just depends on my 
needs and moods, you know. These are only some of the things I 
expect, no demand from you. To have me for your girl friend you will 
do all of the house work. All of the laundry, and preparing my food 
when I want. You will also mow, and take care of our lawn. You will 
wash my car whenever I want. John those are the easiest! The hardest 
things are, you will be completely at my call whenever I want. You 
will do everything I ask you to do, and you will allow me to do 
anything I want, to you. That will be hard because people do not mind 
their own business. Guys and girls will try to get you to,'Stand up to
me', don't even think about it! There will be lots of whispers and 
giggles about you. You may even be ridiculed at times. Think of how 
you are going to answer, you can never, ever, put me down. There would 
be no second chance with me if you did that. Now John, do you want to 
run away, do you want to think about this for awhile, or do you want 
me to finish nibbling our ring?  Oh, there is something else I want 
you to know about me. "You are the first and only special one. I have 
never gone so far with any guy. I want you to be my, very oral, slave.  
Real intimacy. The kind of intimacy that only exist when something of 
you is in me, or something of me is in you, or both! (g) Your tongue 
is the thing that will spend a lot of time in me. I adore intimate 
oral attention. My teeth and nails will take their toll of you. Still 
want me, John? I told you, I am very wicked. Sometimes,I am also very 
sweet! When my teeth enter you, it is, well it is really special.  
Intimacy, our special kind of intimacy. Each of us will know that you 
have dedicated your life to my convenience and pleasure. I will accept 
that gift one day at a time. I will use you, love you, and cherish you, 
very much. You will be my most prized possession.  My special John."
  
She brought my finger to her mouth again. There was a little spot of 
raw skin exposed. She looked at me, smiled, and started another, slow 
bite. She was a master at this, she seemed to get the maxxum amount of 
pain from each of her nibbles. She looked into my eyes, like she was 
bathing in my pain. All the time I fantasized about a girl biting me, 
I never dreamed for a second that it would hurt so much. She bit me 
like this a couple more times. I now had six tiny pieces of skin in 
my right hand. The raw spot on my finger was growing longer. There 
was pain there, even when she was not biting.

"John, I love you for this. I will confess something to you. I was 
becoming concerned. I thought I was a Goddess. But I knew that no 
girl can really be a Goddess, unless she is a Goddess to someone.  
See why I love you so much. I am now a Goddess, a real Goddess, I 
am your Goddess, and you are my loyal slave. That is so sweet."

While she was saying this to me, her look were of total admiration.
No one has ever looked at me like that. I felt truly special. I was 
so proud to be her slave and claim her as my Goddess. Her nibbles 
were showing her love for me and mine for her. A slave and a Goddess 
were being joined together one nibble at a time.
 
She smiled again and raised my hand to her gorgeous mouth. Her breath 
felt hot on my raw skin. I felt the pain commence again, Jennifer had 
started her seventh nibble. Each time I tried to look at her all 
through the nibble. Each time I failed. The pain was to great. Just 
before she removed the little piece of skin, my eyes would close 
tightly and my teeth would grit in pain. I was losing sight of my 
beautiful Goddess at the point where I most wanted to see her face. 
She is so beautiful. 

She has explained the beauty of this and I understand. I have 
fantasized about enduring something to prove my faithful undying 
love for a girl. I just never realized it would be so painful.  
I am being harshly used by a girl for no other purpose then to 
demonstrate my love and devotion. To forever transform her into 
the Goddess she has longed to be. What is a little skin, a 
little pain? Nothing, inconsequencial, I am living the life I 
fantasized about. I must bear the pain and keep my thoughts on her 
beauty, and my eyes on her continuing to admire my Goddess at that 
point where she knows I am enduring the most pain for her. I now 
had nine little bits of skin in my hand.

She raised my hand to her mouth again. I did not know how long she 
would continue to bite me in this session, or if she would complete 
the ring now. The choice was hers. I would do nothing to stop her.  
If eating me up gave her pleasure, I would do my part and please my 
gorgeous Goddess, after all, I was hers. The slow pain begin again. 
She was so talented at this.

I was looking into her eyes, they were starting to dance. When she 
first started the nibbling on my neck she was all giggles and 
laughter. When I asked if she wanted to bite me again, she became 
very serious. Even with her teeth tightly on my skin, she pushed 
her lips out so I could see my skin trapped between her pretty front 
teeth. She had her bottom jaw pushed forward so she could nibble.  
Her lips were smiling. My finger was hurting. Through my pain, I 
smiled back at her. She squinted her face and bit the rest of the 
way through. I never closed my eyes. She had held her lips open so 
I could see those gorgeous teeth as they extracted a piece of skin. 
She handed me the tenth little piece of skin with a smile.

"You were great, you were really really awesome!

She was gushing, she was giggling, she was very happy. She threw 
her arms around my neck, which hurt, and hugged me tightly.

"Hold me slave, hold me so tight. That was sooo sweet of you. All 
that pain, and just for us. We will finish it later, right now my 
pussy is so wet. I need tongue now slave."
  
She pointed her finger down to her pussy.

"Do your duty, pussy slave!"

She was giggling, I took no offense. I know nothing said by my 
Goddess can ever be offensive.




             Natural Demanding but Nice
               
                  Chapter Six         

              More Goddess Training

I got down, removed her clothes and licked the length
of her pussy the way she wanted. Well, I wanted too.
Her lips were so puffed and wet. Her cum was delicious.
I would not trade it for the best food in the world.  
I have never experienced anything like this, never even
dreamed it could be so good. I have the perfect life.
My Goddess has declared her love for me over and over.
She took me through a nibbling session and got me where 
I could look beyond my pain and see her pleasure. I love
Jennifer so much. I am the worlds luckest guy. 

I was sucking lightly on one of her lips and tracing it 
with my tongue the way she taught me. She was in constant 
moans of pleasure. Her little ass was moving in small 
circles and her thighs were holding me in place. I put my 
tongue in, when it touched her clit I felt the pain in my 
neck from her nails. She had grabbed my head and was 
positioning her pussy and my face for a, Goddess to slave, 
experience. I love her little bud, its growing is so neat!  
It is kinda like watching her nipples grow. Her clit taste 
better though.  

When I put my lips on her clit and ever so gently tugged at it, 
her nails really stabbed me. Everytime I did something that 
intensified her pleasure she intensified my pain. That is ok, 
I am glad she does that. I know I am giving her more pleasure.
I so love giving her pleasure.

"John, move your tongue in and out faster, deeper, Ohhh john, 
I love YOUUUUU! Ohhh that's good, really good, keep doing that.
You are so good at that! I love your tongue."

She had already had her orgasm and was now just playing.
She squeezed my face while looking down at me smiling
that Goddess smile. You know the one that says, You're
mouth is there, I am looking down at you, using you,
because I am a Goddess and you are my slave!

When she smiled like that, there could never be a doubt
about, just how much superior she was.  That was one
of the reasons that made me want to be where I was.
She was naturally demanding. She was a true Goddess.
I was proud to be her slave.

"I just got to call my Mom! I am so excited! Oh my
parents will be so proud of me! I am, I really am!"

When Jennifer turned on her side towards the telephone
I capitalized on the moment to kiss her ass. I love 
kissing her ass. I like the pressure her asshole puts on
my tongue when I have it buried to the hilt, in as deep 
as it will go. The stink, I don't mind that. It is a 
natural thing. Even a Goddess has stinky shit! I just 
lick her pretty brown hole. To me the aroma is just an 
additional treat and my tonguing out her ass shows her 
how much I care for her.

"Mom, Jennifer! Oh guess what, it is so cool. I am so
happy. I am a being made a Goddess, mom, a real Goddess! 
I love him so much!"

"Baby, we are so happy for you! How did you do it this 
quickly?"

The speaker was on, I could here all of the conversation.

"It is not just me mom, it is John too! I am what he has dreamed 
of! He has been totally open with me. Mom, I caught him kissing 
my TOILET Seat! He had mouth washed all of my panties! He had 
them so clean with his little ol mouth! Oh mom it is great, I am 
going to be a Goddess, we are working on the ring now. He holds 
so still and does not whine or anything. He is dedicated to me.  
It is just like you said it would be. I am glad I was patient and 
waited for the right guy! I am so happy I could cry! Mom he is so 
sweet! Guess what else, I love to NIBBLE! I have been nibbling 
on the ownership finger! I have taken ten little nibbles from it!  
While I am nibbling he looks at me. He totally worships me. When
his face is between my legs he is in ecstasy, just like  me! Oh 
he is just perfect for me!"

"The whole house is spotless and tomorrow he is doing the lawn.  
Mom, he knows how! He has washed all of my clothes. Tomorrow in 
addition to the lawn, he is going to iron for me! He knows how!  
He knows how to do all that stuff! I am so happy, I am a real 
Goddess! Stop licking my ass, John. Mom, he would lick on me 
all the time if I would let him! He is insatiatable, I swear he 
is! I have never had so much tongue, and he loves it, he loves 
it, oh mom, he loves it! Oh mom, I am so happy, I am a Goddess!"

"Go ahead and enjoy your slave sweetheart, we will see both of 
you tomorrow."
 
"Boy are you excited! I never realized how much I meant to you!"
  
"John, you are sure arn't you, I mean really sure? I have to be
certain, so, I have got to use you! I mean really use you.
If you are sure about this, you will offer no complaints."  
Jennifer was bouncing.

"I have to really do this John, we have got to be sure. Now, I 
have got to go pee! John, you get to drink the pee of a real 
Goddess, arn't you excited! Hurry get your mouth in place, I 
need you!"

Jennifer was so excited. I thought we were already sure. That is what
the ring she is nibbling was for, wasn't it?. She confessed her 
love for me and how special I was, and she did it spontaneously. She 
was bubbling over. Like a little girl at Christmas, but she had a much 
better toy. I hope a long lasting one. I just could not say "no" to her.
Besides I admit I have fantasized about drinking a girls pee. Jennifer
is not,"Just a girl". She is beautiful beyond compare. I will be
her steady boyfriend. we will walk the halls together, sit together, 
do stuff together, I will be the envy of the whole school.

With these thoughts of my envyable position at school, I got my mouth 
in place and she started peeing. She was looked at me like I was the 
most important thing in the world. I felt like a giant. I swallowed 
her piss with gusto. It was warm, did not taste at all good. In fact
it was like, YUCK. But I loved it because it was coming from a Goddess. 
Just think, I would have done this for Chrissy, uuugh, that would 
have been awful. I was out of my mind!

"John, you are so sweet, I love you. You make me feel really special.  
I just love using you. It gives me a tingling feeling all over to watch 
you do extraordinary stuff for me!"

Jennifer was giggling all the time, perpetual giggles. The giggles were 
music coming from her beautiful mouth. No wonder I would hold still and 
let her nibble away at me.

The phone rang, Jennifer answered and giggled as she talked to 
someone. The speaker was off. She was using me just as casually
as she would have taken a piss in her commode.

"John, why the long face? You have just been a pee toilet for your
Goddess. Was it THAT bad?" She asked, with her face all wrinkled. 
 
I later learned that was her frown. The corners of her mouth still 
went up instead of down. 

You know I love you. John, I don't understand, you look so sad. You 
should be happy for ME. You are not having second thoughts are you? 
I would just die."

"No Goddess, no second thoughts, if I had them they would all be about
my love for you, just like my first thoughts. You are to beautiful to 
be real. I am the luckiest guy in the world. If I forget it for a second, 
you have my permission to nibble!" I smiled at her.

"Silly boy, you were worrying me! Go brush your teeth and hurry back 
in here, and yes, I am going to nibble! After what you just did, I have
a lot of nibbles coming. If you don't get back in here quickly, and 
with a clean mouth, I may just nibble you all up!  Do you want to be 
nibbled all up, John? (g)  I would miss you terribly. But I would 
have fun nibbling!"  (g)

I washed my mouth out good, brushed my teeth, then used the mouthwash 
again. I went back to her, knelt down with my left hand extended to her, 
and kissed her beautiful lips. I buried my nose in her blonde bush and 
inhaled deeply. I had her pubes in my nose tickling me. I loved her 
more than could ever be put in words.

"I am sorry Goddess, you are right, you do have lots of nibbles coming.  
Nibble all you want, I will lick your pretty pussy."

With that I started playing with her pussy. I felt her breath just a 
second before the pain. She would bite so slowly, get to the point of 
removal and hold that position. She was driving me out of my mind with 
pain. I concentrated on licking and worshipping her pussy all I could.  
She was hurting me so much. Each time she would remove a little piece 
of skin she would say,"Hold out your hand". She would put the skin in
my hand. I lost count. Between her puussy in my face and all the pain 
from her teeth, I could not keep count. It did not matter anyway. What 
makes the difference if she bites me once or a thousand. I belong to 
her.

"Have you suffered enough now or are you a masochist? Look at your 
finger."

I looked at it. All the skin was missing to form a perfect ring around 
my finger. It really hurt. It was trembling and I could not hold it 
still.

"I am sorry, John. I know your finger hurts a lot. This stuff will 
really burn. I should not have said that. Goddesses should never 
appologize."  

She said that so sweetly. Jennifer is the most wonderful person the 
world has ever known.

I held up my left hand to her. 

"Please put the stuff on my finger. I do not think I can hold it 
still without my other hand. I want to complete the ring so you 
will have no more doubts about my love and devotion for you."

Jennifer filled the dropper and squeezed out a drop on the nibbled
portion of my finger.  

"Ohhhh, that burns like fire. Please blow on it Jennifer."

My Goddess looked at me with sad eyes.

"It needs to burn, we want a good black ring. I am sorry but I must
hurt you. It is a part of the, Goddess Ring. It also proves how much 
you adore me."

I held my hand. Her hand felt nice on mine. She dropped the liquid 
one drop at a time without hurrying the process. The place where the 
first drops landed were turning black already. I am sure the liquid 
is mainly some type of acid. When she was finished she surveyed her 
work like an artist looks at a picture she has just completed.

"Are you proud of the ring, John? I hope it means a lot to you. You 
are the only guy I have ever done this to. You are the only one I have 
ever met that was worthy."

I looked at the ring. Man my finger hurt.

"It is beautiful, look, you can even see the, You made it like that!
It is beautiful, look at the design!"  

Each nibble was offset giving it a chain length look. It really was
admirable from a work of art viewpoint. I went on about its 
intricacies. I said several time what it meant to me. How proud I 
was of it. I said how proud I would always be to wear it. I was 
saying the right words. Jennifer was bubbling over with pride. 
Anytime a mere mortal can so please a Goddess this much, the hell 
with the cost.

"How is the laundry coming slave." She giggled.

"I am drying the last load now." I answered. Just like that she was 
thinking about how I was working for her.
  
"I am hungry! All this using you has made me hungry. You said you 
cooked, do you do burgers on the grill?"

"Yeah, I would enjoy fixing your food."
  
"Come I will show you where everything is. Goddesses do not cook, 
they sizzle!" She said with a giggle.  

She was bouncy, animated, happy, and extremely sexy. She showed me 
where stuff was and I fixed hamburgers. The heat from the fire 
burned my ring finger. Jennifer kept telling me to use my left hand 
to turn the burgers. She knew what the heat was doing to my skin.  
She was playing her,"Goddess Games". I could stand the pain. I hoped 
this was one of her more demanding days, not one of the less 
demanding days. I am not sure I would survive if it were vice versa.

They were very good, she was surprised. I kept looking at my finger. 
It sure hurt. I told her I was admiring it. She was bathing in my 
compliments.
  
"I love you for your culinary arts too," she giggled. "I find 
something new to love you for all the time."

"The difference is, you love me for all the things I do for you. 
I am deeply in love with you."

"I know, I am sorry, opps, Goddess do not say that! It is what you 
wanted, to serve me, you said so! 
John, I will never change, I could not change even if I wanted to, 
and I do not! I have always been, and will always be a naturally 
demanding person. Oh there is a piece of burger on my toe."

She raised her foot to my mouth. I removed the small piece of meat 
from her toe, swallowed, then licked her toe. She giggled.

"John, you are looking sad. You must always be happy when I am 
present. If you truly love me, you will be!"

"Goddess, I love you. I want to serve you for the rest of my life.  
Please never concern yourself about my loyalty. Use me anyway you want
and I will always be ready for more use by you. Jennifer, you are what I 
have always dreamed of. No my dreams never went that high. How could they? 
I never dreamed anything like you existed. I looked into the future your 
using me was purely automatic. I was nothing to you, just something to 
use. You felt no love for me, nothing for me, except contempt."

"John, how could you think such a thing? That is awful! I have done 
nothing to cause you to have such thoughts. I know I haven't! Not cool,
John. Not cool at all."

"No, but while you were using me as your pee toilet, you were on the phone.  
You gave an order for me to lick you, and hardly missed a word on the phone."

"You are to sensitive! I talk on the phone a lot. My thought are always 
of ME, as your should be. I have told you about being sensitive! I thought 
you were over that already. I was talking to one of my girlfriends, and of 
course I pressed this button, see, she could not hear me. It doesn't even 
click. She never knew I said anything. John you can not do this to me. 
That is so not cool."
  
"That is not the way Goddesses are treated. Don't do that again. I'm 
glad no one knows how you just treated me. That would be so embarassing 
to me. I am your Goddess, John. I can do no wrong in your eyes. If you 
see any wrong doing by me, you are not thinking of me as your Goddess.  
If I am not YOUR Goddess, I am not a Goddess at all. Don't you see.  
Don't you remember how excited I was at being your Goddess? You are
taking that from me. No one has that right, John, no one!"

"I am so sorry Jennifer, I just never thought about it like that.  
You are right of course. I am just insecure. If I ever do anything 
like that again, do anything to me you want, but get my attention.  
I want to serve you, more than I have ever wanted anything in my life.
I want you to be my life forever. I am so lucky and I know it."
 
"OK, we will leave it like that. Don't ever do that again, that is the
worse thing you could ever do. It is the same as disobeying me. John, 
I am alone with you right now, I am vulnerable. I am little, you are 
big and strong. I trust you. Just do not ever do anything to cause me 
not to trust you.If I can not trust you, then you are nothing to me." 
 
I had never imagined what she just said. I was treating our 
relationship to casually I guess. I don't know. I do know it will 
never happen again. I think I convinced her of that. I felt so bad.
I had really hurt my Goddess. She was not acting, she was sincere.  
I was an ass and did not even know it. It made no difference who she 
was talking or who she tells. If she broadcast to the world that I am 
her slave, I have no right to care. I belong to her. I can say only 
that I love her and I am the luckiest guy in the world because
she chose me. It is so easy to get sidetracked and think of myself.  

I told her I had to go home and we had not even studied.

"NO, you can not leave me, you are staying here."

I explained about my grandma, I had to check on her.
I told her my grandma was not expected to live very 
long, she did not know me when I went to see her Friday 
evening. I told her I should be with my grandma. 
That look was coming on her face. I had
done it again. I was thinking of myself. I had best
get my priorities in order. There were no priorities!
Jennifer was the one and only. It was clear she
meant for it to be that way too.

"May I use the phone, Goddess?"

"Yes," she said, no smile, no giggle, no happy face.

I called the nursing home, they said my grandma died an hour 
ago they were trying to reach me.

I explained this to Jennifer the best I could. I told
her I had already arranged for cremation. I had no 
living relatives. There was a will to attend to. I asked 
her permission to handle it Monday. It would be at 1:00.  

"You can take care of that. Just do not forget, you belong 
to me."

I looked up and her face was a face of love. All the time I think
I could not possibly love her more, but I do. I knew she was 
brainwashing me. I knew I was being trained by her to serve her 
without question. She was training me to think of her and her 
wants all of the time.  I was being prepared for her use in ways
I may not be able to imagine.

I was not going back to my house tonight. I was staying
with my Goddess. Jennifer would need the company of her slave.
She would need to use me and if I were lucky I would get to
eat her a few more times tonight. I hoped she planned to
ride my face all night.
  
"Slave, crawl over here."
  
I crawled behind her, my eyes watching that beautiful ass as it 
swayed closely in front of me. She snapped a clamp on my ankle 
before I knew what was happening.

"The bathroom is throught that door. Good night slave. Ceya."

"Goddess, I thought you wanted me to stay so I could be with you."

I was surprised.

"I do, I want you right here. If I need you or want to use you, 
I know where you are. You are not going anywhere." She said in 
a flippant voice and with a smile.

I watched her walk away. I had no right to say anything at all.
I said it anyway.

"I love you Jennifer."

She turned toward me.

"I know you do, John, you must. I have done a ton to you. I love 
you a lot too. We will love each other more each day. I promise."




              Naturally Demanding but Nice

                   Chapter Seven  

                Jennifer's Thoughts

I left John alone. That was not as easy as I made it sound.
He is so sweet to me. I hurt him and use him, over and over.
He let me nibble and never complained about the pain. It had
to hurt tremendously. I should have helped him with all the
cuts but that would have shown him more love than I want him
to see just yet. He has to know, really know that I am of the
highest importance, he in comparison, is of much lesser 
importance. Someone said for a happy relationship the couple 
must be a 60-40, that is 60% give and 40% take for both people 
 
I want him to know I do love him, but he also has to know that 
ours will always be near a 90-10 thing. 10% take for him with 
a 90% give, and 90% take for me with a 10% give. He should 
have known that just looking at me!

I will be very patient with John, patient for me that is! I 
will teach him to do my nails, my hair, how to give me massages.  
His whole life has to be lived for me. If any of you think I am
being selfish, welll ----- to bad! Have you ever known a lady who
was an only child, the prettiest girl for her age, in the whole 
town, and whose parents were wealthy? Was she selfish and 
conceited? You bet your ass she was! Well, I am the prettiest in 
the world and I confirm that each day as I look in the mirror.  
Men's things get hard when they look at me, and me modestly 
dressed. When I show them a little extra,they go out of their 
mind with lust. I could steal any womand's husband in this town 
if I wanted. I do not want them. The most of them, I would not 
have.
  
You would be amazed at all the guys who think I should go out 
with them because they have something I want or need. And the 
most of those can not or will not, believe that they have nothing 
I want or need! Now do you better understand why I refer to the 
male species as,"Stupid"! 
I am going to get some sleep. I hope my little slave boy gets 
lots of rest. He will need it tomorrow.There is grass to mow!

I awoke from a wet dream. How could I cum so much in a dream 
after all of the sex John and I had. Ohhh, the things I did to 
him in that dream! I have got to visit my little slave!

I got up, washed my face brushed my teeth. I went pee. I had 
retrieved the roll of toilet paper from under the towels. I felt 
really good, horny too! A good tongue fuck will help me a lot.  
Just what the Godddess ordered! (g)

I have been properly raised and the facts of life throughly 
explained. I know my position in life, and I know the proper 
place of others. I am to rule and take. Others are to serve and 
be used. I am sooo good at using!  That is so cool. It makes me 
all tingly and warm. I can feel the desire building in me just 
thinking about it. I need my John. I am going to him. I want to 
fuck!             
 
"John, I miss you, I need you." I said to him as I was going down the 
stairs. He was right where I left him! (g)

"Goddess Jennifer, thank god you are back. I have been missing you 
all night."

As soon as I got to him he was reaching out his arms and getting
in position to take my pussy in his mouth. Can you believe this guy, 
he wants to give me oral sex all of the time. Having him around is
awesome!
 
"Ohhh John, you are so sweet!" I said to him as he quickly removed 
my panties. They were so wet. His mouth wasted no time in getting 
to my pussy.
  
Ohhhh John that is so good. Your cunnilingus skills are 
extraordinary. Ohhh you do that just the way I like it."

Of course he does,I taught him! I say things like that to 
encourage him anyway, sensory re-enforcement, from slave making
101!  (g)  He did not react or ask me why I giggled. He just
continued to focus on my desires and give me pleasure with his
magnificent tongue.

"Ohhh Yes, yes, yes John, I love your tongue so much! I love 
your mouth too."

I told him this as he took one of my lips in his and squeezed it a 
little. He was running the tip of his tongue around my lips and
would dart it into my pussy at will. Oh he was driving me mad!
My legs automatically begin squeezing his face. I was even moving 
my legs up and down on his face as I squeezed. I could feel 
his lips contort from the pressure and movement. I started to 
move my ass in circles. I looked into his eyes, they showed a
little pain. I put my nails to his neck again and pulled hard. I 
could feel my nails cut into him. More pain for John, more pleasure 
for me. I moved my nails in little circles and looked into his eyes 
again. I was really hurting him. I am so hot, I want to stop hurting
him, I think, but I am just sooo hot. He has just got to endure
the pain. That is just part of being loved by a Goddess! I could
feel the insides of my thighs stretch as I moved them on his face.
I was contorting his face so much that I could feel my lips being
pulled by his mouth. I had no pain so I was not being TO vicious.
As long as I don't cause him to pull my pussy lip enough to hurt
me. John needs pain in our lovemaking. He expects it. He wants 
it. He really does! I looked at him, his eyes were full of pain,
but I know he was enjoying the pain. It was a good pain for him.  
I was giving it. I jabbed him as hard as I could with my nails, 
I felt them enter him. It made us closer, his tongue inside me,
my nails inside him. The closer a Goddess becomes to her slave, the
more the slave loves her. I looked at his eyes again. There was 
pain and worshipful love. The kind of love I needed out of this
relationship. He lifted his left hand to my mouth. I kissed his 
fingers. I put one in my mouth. I bit a little, released, removed
it from my mouth and kissed it again. I moved his hand down to my g 
spot and pushed on it. He got the message. He begin to apply pressure
with his hand and move his tongue in rythym. I had my first orgasm.  
 
He was concentrating on my pleasure and all he could do to intensify
it. Ohh, I love him! He brought me through another orgasm. I have
found a truly special guy. When I was finished and stopped moving
he begin sucking out my pussy and swallowing my cum. He really does
like the taste. That is good because he will get a lot of it!

"Ohhh John, I love you so much." I told him. He simply loves it 
when I say things like that to him.
  
Our eyes met, I know he could see the mist in my eyes. They were
tears of joy and of gratitude for having found my special slave.
He is my soul slave, I just know it. I turned over on my tummy
so John could have unrestricted access to my ass. I know how he 
loves to eat it out. He is performing so good on my ass. My pussy
loves it when his tongue goes in and out of my ass hole like that.
A Goddess can not be a Goddess unless she has a slave that really
likes the taste of her ass. John loves my ass. He will be so glad 
when he can sleep with his nose in my cute little asshole.  And where
he can access my pussy with his tongue at any time. I will also love
for his mouth to be close so if I need to pee, I can just tell him
and although I am half asleep, I can pee and all of it will be 
swallowed. That is a worshipful true love, of a slave for his Goddess.
John is awesome!




                          John's Thoughts

                           Chapter Eight
                           
I was so alone when my beautiful Goddess walked away. I was so sure
I would spend the night with her in or very near her bed. I wanted so
much to sleep with my nose in her beautiful ass. Or with my mouth over
her pussy, well at least touching it. I thought she was spending the 
night down there with me. I was totally unprepared for her walking away.  
There was great emptiness inside me. I laid there for quite sometime 
before I was able to obtain sexual relief by thinking of serving my 
Goddess. I thought of doing all kinds of things for her and her doing 
all kinds of things to me. I fantasized about eating Jennifer's pussy. 
That is when I shot my wad.
  
After that I was able to sleep.  

I awoke when I heard the door open, I knew my Jennifer was coming to 
me. I was overjoyed. I did not know if she had laid in her bed and 
got horny and wanted sexual relief, or if she had laid there and 
thought of something I had done or said that was not in her description 
of how a slave should behave for his Goddess. If it was the latter, 
she was coming down to punish me. Whichever, it was, it was a huge 
improvement over being alone. I can handle pain from her better than 
I can handle being separated from her. This was not a separation like 
when she was by the pool, or swimming while I was cleaning house. I 
could have went out to her. I did look out the window to see her 
sunbathing. She had removed her top and bottom and was sunbathing 
while laying on her back. Her blonde bush was beautiful in the sunlight.  
I masturbated and got off while fantasing about my mouth over her 
pussy and my nose enhaling the aroma of her pussy with her blonde 
pubes going up my nose each time I inhaled. I never dreamed I would 
be living that fantasy. That it would be a reality for me for life.  
I am the luckiest guy in the world. I would trade places with no one.
Thank you Chrissy.

When she said she missed and needed me, I knew I would receive love.
I knew I was going to tongue fuck her and swallow some fabulous cum.
I was not prepared for the pain. That is the thing about Goddesses, 
the more love they give you, the more they hurt you. She hurt me more
then she had in our lovemaking previously. I was better prepared
though. I was of a more determind mind. I was able to concentrate
only on her pleasure in spite of all the pain. I felt it afterwards 
though. Jennifer can be so vicious. In the end I saw so much love 
in her eyes. I would gladly have given my life to her for that look
I thought. Forgetting about me and thinking of her really does
mean a lot to her. I will strive never to think of anything about me 
while she is using me for her pleasure. Worshipping a Goddess carries
a huge responsibility. Two days ago I never dreamed the high cost to 
maintain a Goddess. The cost can only be measured by a life. I have 
no regrets though. As I have already said, "I would trade places with 
no guy on earth".




                     From Jennifer's Point of view

                           Chapter Nine
                           
"John, you were so great, I am so proud of you." I told him while 
recovering my breath.

I raised up and got my panties. I smiled and giggled as I held them
just barely out of reach of his open mouth. When he would raise up
I would keep them just out of reach. He grabbed my arm with his and
was pulling them to his mouth. I screamed and called him a cheater.
I was losing the tug of war. I bent over and bit his hand, not hard
but enoufh to hurt though, he turned lose my arm.

"Oh, Jennifer, that hurt! Do you know how sharp your teeth are?"

"Poor boy, did your sweet Goddess cause you a bit of discomfort?
Here open your mouth, have some delish cum soaked panties. (g)
Goddesses, never lose, fool! (g)  Hey, it can't hurt that long. 
Eat my panties!"
  
He put the crotch of my panties in his mouth as I got up to go
to bed.
  
"I will leave those with you, slave. You enjoy them now!" (g)

I sang a verse of a song about a Goddess and her slave as I walked
back up the stairs leaving John with my panties. At least he was 
no longer alone. He had pain, and my panties. If any of you do not
believe the slave got the better trade, would you stand with your 
legs spread and allow me to kick you as hard as I could knowing,
even as you witnessed the rapid closing of my foot on your balls,
That soon you would be inhaling and sucking on my cum soaked panties?
My teeth did not hurt nearly as much as that would have! 




                Naturally Demanding but Nice 
          
                      Chapter Ten
 
I went back to bed. I had just had terrific sex so I quickly fell 
asleep. I was not concerned about John any longer. I had used him 
and forgot about him. I would remember him again when I had the 
urge or need to use him. I knew he was content, he had been face 
fucked and had my panties to inhale and lick all night long.
  
When I awoke it was daylight,really bright. Darn I had to get John 
started on the lawn. I hoped he would have time to do some extra 
work around the pool too.

I went downstairs in my thong. I know what it does to him to see 
me like this. As hard as he is going to work for me,he deserves 
some eye candy. Even though he has seen me nude, I am a tremendous 
turn on for him and I always will be.

I look extra nice in a thong. I look extra nice in anything! I 
looked in a mirror and did a couple slow 360's. My ass really 
looked great,it is no wonder that John wants his mouth on it 
so much! The boy has good taste! (g)

"Hey slave are you awake? I have come to free you,-----well from 
the basement anyway. You have a lot of work to do today plus 
entertain ME!"

John was awake. He gave me that worshipful look.
  
"Sorry slave, you do not have the time to eat my pretty pussy. I am 
going to pee in your mouth and you are going to have to go to work on 
our lawn. If you do a really great job on the lawn, maybe I will let 
you eat me before lunch. I love you so much I am going to the pastry 
shop and get us pastries. I was going to let you carry me on your 
shoulders while you trimed the lawn, but you would get grass and dirt 
on me.
 
"Please let me carry you." My slave replied.
 
"Well, maybe, no promises!" (g)

He was so much of, well so much of a devoted slave! I was going to 
have a great life. I deserved it!

I walked up to the couch where John slept. He placed his eager mouth 
over my pussy. He gave it a lick all the way as he is supposed to. 
Then started licking around my slit with the tip of his tongue. I gave 
him a little kick in the stomach.

"Toilet, I have to pee! (g) Stop playing around! Get you mouth over 
the correct place!" I was so proud of him.

He got his mouth in the proper position and I allowed him to drink the
morning pee of a Goddess. He drink it right down and I did not have to
stop. I will not pee in his mouth very often. It is a necessary thing 
in the beginning so we will have a proper relationship. He is trying 
hard to please me. I looked at him while he swallowed my pee. The first 
taste and he flinched just a little. I giggled. I know it was stronger 
than his previous drinks. I smiled at him and he quickly got in the flow.  
He looked so cute swallowing my piss! I love him so much! When the flow
stopped he took a couple deep breaths through his nose. Just the way he 
had been taught. He licked my pussy outside and run his tongue around 
really good.

I gave him another playful kick. "John you are playing again! But hey, 
I am glad my pussy is irresistible to you. You are a slave to it."
I gave his face a squeeze with my thighes

"I have to shower and go get breakfast, I am hungry." I told him.

"May I Goddess------?" He started to ask it he could bathe me. He just 
can not get enough of touching my bod!

"No, you may not,I do not have time! You are lucky I took the time
to pee in your mouth. You were looking at me like a little puppy, so
I took pity on you. Besides all that, I love using you and watching
you swallow my pee. I have to get in the shower!  I do not have the 
time to fuck you, And you have to work! You will find the mower in 
the tool building out back. Do not get grass in the pool or on the 
house. Empty the grass catcher in the garbage bags in the tool 
building."

I ran upstairs and turned the shower on. I get horny from just 
looking at his mouth. Makes me wonder who is brainwashing whom!  
His mouth fits my pussy so good. His tongue is so long, better than 
I have ever had. Hey, he was created just for my pleasure!

I put on a cute outfit and went to the pastry shop. I was in a hurry
so I drove. John would be in the back and never see me drive away.
I walked in the store.  Mr. Jones was all eyes. He sure liked looking
at me. Well, all men do!
  
"Hi Mr.Jones." (g) Do you have two pastries for me?"

He knew what kind I wanted.  He had everything about me ingraved on 
his thing forever. You know, close to his brains!

I did stuff to him. He had a hard time talking in my presence. He
was fumble fingered. He has dropped pastries before while trying to
get them in a bag without taking his eyes off me. My giggling does
not appear to help him one little bit! (g) I turned to look in the
mirror on the wall, pushed an imaginary hair back. Then I dropped 
a quarter. I had on a short skirt and very nice panties from 
Victoria's Secret. They were not scanties but were hip huggers.
Modest type you know. If a lady intends to show her panties to an 
older guy she should be modestly dressed. I bent over to chase down
the quarter. It was rolling across the floor. I managed to keep my 
ass towards Mr.Jones the whole time I was retrieving the quarter 
that I purposefully rolled across the floor. I picked up the wayward 
quarter and raised up slowly.
  
"How much Mr.Jones?" I asked kinda sexy, kinda shy.

"For you this is two for one day. The mornings you come in, my 
whole day is brighter."
  
He said that very well through fogged glasses!

"Thank you Mr.Jones you are so sweet. You make the worlds best 
pastries too. When I look like a cow it is going to be your fault 
for getting me hooked on these." I said with one of my sexy giggles.

"That will never happen Jennifer, both of us know that."

"Thank you." I shyly said and walked out the door being sure to
give my ass a little extra motion as I opened the door.

I got in my new red Thunderbird and drove back to the house where
my little slave boy was mowing in the back. I parked it in the 
garage and went through the house to the back yard. I could have
went from the garage to the back yard but chose not to do so.

"Hey slave here is a pastry and a glass of milk."
  
I set them on the table by the pool. It was already getting hot.  
The breeze was nice. The umbrella provided shelter from the sun.  
It was a lot hotter than yesterday. I am glad I had my slave do 
the house then and the yard today. It is a lot hotter today! The 
sun will be good for him. I am glad he is mowing now and will be 
doing all the trimming this afternoon.The afternoon is the hottest!  
When I look out at him from the cool house I will know all that 
perspiration is for me! Thinking those thoughts are making me wet! 
Now I am not bad, spoiled a little, but a real sweetheart!

John stopped the mower across the pool from me. He did not want 
any grass to blow on me or the hot mower to be near me. My slave 
is a sweetheart too.

"Hey slave here is breakfast. I did notice your stopping on the
other side of the pool. You are a good slave and you will be the 
very best. I know I am lucky to have found you. It will be rare 
that I bring food and drink to you. Instead I should have set the 
pastries on the table, come out here, sit down and sent you after
everything. Better still make you run to the pastry shop and get
them for us. I know my place as a Goddess, I just ignored it this 
time."

I had one leg over the other with my foot dancing in the breeze.
John fell to the ground on his knees and kissed my foot. He took
my big toe in his mouth and sucked on it. He licked the bottom of
my foot. I just giggled and let him do these things. If it pleases
him,ok,a good slave deserves some pleasure. I was almost through 
eating when he raised up.
  
"Hurry and eat,John,there is a ton of work to be done before my
parents come home. I am going back in the house. It is sooo hot 
out here. Besides I have some English homework to do. I will think
of you while I do homework in the cool house. Will you think of
me slave?"

"Yes My Goddess I will think of you constantly but I got that all 
finished. You can copy mine. It is at my house."
 
"Thank you slave." I flashed a special smile at him. He looked 
sooo hot!

"Next week will be interesting," I said to him. "I can't wait to 
see how you handle the students remarks about us and our 
relationship!" (g)  
 
  
"Who cares what those morons think, You will be the envy of all 
the girls, well you already are. I will be the envy of all the guys.
I know they were saying things about me being so attentive to you
last week after only a day! I want them to know. Being your slave
is an honor and I am very proud you have accepted me as your slave.
Even the guys that would not admit it would love being in my place.
If it is alright with you, I will tell them I am your slave, and that
I enjoy every second of it. It is true you know."

I was giggling.

"That is one lucky chair." John said, as he looked at my ass.

"You only think of one thing! Go to work,slave!"
  
I emphasized the word,"slave". I made it sound like he was dirt
on my sandals. He knew better. He is beginning to realize his value
to me. I want him to know that I love him, I need him, I appreciate
him. A good slave is worth a fortune. I am already wondering how 
I can get his mouth over my pussy when I am horny at school!
 
I walked back to the house. I swung my ass for my slave boy. He 
watched me until I went inside and then he went back to mowing my 
lawn. I did all my exercises and practiced my dance and pom pom 
routines. It is no wonder I have no time for homework. It is a 
good thing that three of my teachers are males. I do no homework 
in their classes. I am taking French V, and Spanish V for dual 
credit and fun. I know a lot more than the teachers of either 
class. For English, I have old Ms. English. Yeah English for 
English. Sounds cool but it is not. The old battle axe is a 
spinister. I wonder why, duh. No man would have her. She is the 
only teacher I ever had that I dispise. She does not care a lot 
for me either. She totally disapproves of my treatment of my 
boyfriends. Like it is any of her business!
 
Why am I in her class you ask? She is the only English Five 
teacher. I had her last year. I cut her class a few times. She 
acted like she thought I killed someone! My dad had to go to 
school on my behalf, well, he came down and buttered her up. 
That old broad was putty in his hands. One of my friends seen 
a little of it. They said they had never seen her like that. 
That if he had stayed longer she would have been on her knees 
with his thing in her mouth. I guess I take after my dad more 
than I thought!

English V is a dual credit course. The credit counts for both 
high school and college as do my foreign language classes. Dad 
wanted me to take physics and anatomy. So I am. I have had both 
teachers for classes previously. They know how special I am.  
I get lots of personal attention. They really enjoying helping 
me. I seldom have to ask,they seem to know all the hard parts 
and are right there to make sure I understand them. The whole
year will be like that with them. Three men, three sure A's.  
A's in both foreign language classes and an A in dance. 
English is my only hard class. I simply must get an A from that 
old bitch. I was borderline last year. Dad "accidentally" ran 
into her downtown last year before school was out. He bought 
her lunch and they talked. He made sure he told her how special 
I was to him. I got an A! I hope women are not as stupid as men! (g)

I just checked on John. The whole yard is mowed! He is really 
good at everything. I am ready for him to stop trimming and make 
burgers for us again. He is good at that too. Besides he needs 
to take a break. I will go tell him. I may even ride on his
shoulders while he finishes up and then let him bathe both of 
us. Sometimes I am so considerate it is scary! I want him cleaned 
up before my parents get here. I also want to spend some time 
riding his face. I have got to have that. I am horny just 
thinking about him and especially watching him work for me. He 
looks so hot. It is 106 out there. There I go creaming my pants.  
Partly because I am having Goddess/slave thoughts and partly 
because I am playing with myself! John will take very good care 
of all of my wetness. He loves wetness!
                
I looked at John's house work,it was fantastic. Mom will be 
proud of my slave. I walked outside, boy it was hot. I went 
over to John.

"Bend down, I want to ride."
  
He bend down and I jumped on his shoulders giggling. He was so 
hot!

"Run with me!" I yelled as I kicked him in the side. "Go!"

John tok off running with me on his shoulders. I was bouncing 
and really enjoying it. It was just to hot though. My pony 
was quickly exhausted.

"Pony,I want to ride,get your ass up and carry me or I am going 
to start kicking you for real. When a Goddess wants to ride, 
the slave carries the Goddess. Got it!"

John got up. (g) I jumped on his shoulders.

"Walk off into the pool with me."

He walked down the steps to water. It felt so good splashing on my 
legs. It almost took his breath away. He stopped when it was up to 
his neck.

"Slave you walk until I tell you to stop. Walk!" I love my power over
him!

He took a deep breath and waded out. The water covered my pussy and 
came up to my titties. I jumped off. He quickly surfaced gasping for 
air. I gave him some breaths and jumped on his back.

"Goddess I do not swim very well."
  
"Uhmmm, so you drown!" I dunked him.

I let him wrestle with me in the water. He enjoyed that. I dunked him
a lot but he never dunked me. He could have, he just always let me win.
He knows how to play with a Goddess. Lots of times my crotch or my ass
would be in his face. Both of us enjoyed that. It is truly great when 
two people are doing something they both enjoy. When we got out of the 
pool I went to the shower and told John to do burgers.
 
He had not been prepared to stay with me when he came over. Why would
he be! We had swim trunks for him to wear. So he was clothed as he mowed!
His legs were nicked all over caused by flying debris from the trimmer.  
The grounds looked excellent though. Better than the lawn maintenance 
people were doing. We will not be needing them anymore. More allowance 
for me. Oh, I love my slave!

When I walked by the full length mirror in the hall I did a 360 and
admired myself. I was soaking wet in my clothes,hair wet. I looked
ravishing! It is no wonder that John finds it so difficult to keep
his mouth off my ass and pussy.

As soon as we finished eating I told my John he had to get some 
clothes from his house. Also his personal stuff that he would 
immeadiately need. Then I surprised him.
 
"I will drive you I said with a smile."

I thought you were grounded."
  
"I won't be when my parents see this place!"

"So John got to ride in my new Thunderbird. After we ate,he finished 
trimming, showered, and I took him for a ride with the top down.  
After all his work I bet the breeze felt good. It was cooler now, the 
temp was only 86. Clouds were coming in, it would be raining in an hour.
This was John's first ride with me. See how adoreable I am!

John's house was very modest but the lawn was nicely done, the inside
was spotless! What a find he is I mused!
 
John gathered his stuff, I helped a little. He was sad and it showed.

"John, I know you are sad, but it will not help to dwell on it. Look
at me, that will make you feel better. Think of all you are doing for
ME. You have a beautiful life ahead of you. You adore me don't you?"

"yes,Jennifer,you are the best thing that ever happened to me."

He meant that. That was so sweet,innocent,but sweet!

John loaded some stuff in my car and we returned home. He had just 
got his things put in a guest bedroom when my parents drove up. Darn 
I still had not had the sexual release I needed so badly. I would work 
that in before bedtime, or afterwards. (g)

John bounced down the stairs eager to carry their luggage.  He is just 
full of energy.  

"Mom, dad, this is John. His grandma died and he needs a place to stay.
He has no relatives and knows no one here but me."
 
"Dr.Abdellaoui?" John asked.

"John?" My dad stated. Both answered in the affirmative.

I have been hearing so many good things about you,John. 

I already knew it would be OK. They needed him for a slave too. A slave is 
a very, very, good thing to have. My dad shook his hand and mom hugged him.  
Both told him he could stay with us. They faked surprise when I told them 
he was settled in one of the bedrooms. I could tell John was impressed with 
my parents looks. Dad is a 6'5" man of striking good looks and my mom is an 
older version of me. John was a little ill at ease as you can imagine.  He 
had just spent the night alone with me. He had seen me nude, and had been 
very intimate with me. My dad is a big guy and I am his only daughter!

"Jennifer,the whole place looks really great,did you do all of this?"

She waved her arm as she emphasised,"This."

"John did a lot,well,he did all of it. He works all of the time."

"I am really impressed, and after only two days too!" Mom said.

John thought she meant she was surprised with all that he had done in 
only two days. I knew what she meant. She was saying she was surprised 
I could enslave him in only two days and get him to do all that work 
for us!

"Look at the lawn too." I said.

"I am impressed. You may be everything Jennifer said you were." Monica
said.

John thought, coming from her that was one hell of a compliment. I do 
not think she hands out many of those.

"Your turn hon," she said in the most incredible, sexy voice I have heard
in my life.

"I am impressed also," Dr.Abdellaoui said.

I carried in their bags and put them in the master bedroom.

"See what I mean, he works all of the time. He can not do enough for me, 
that is so cool!" 

I am unable to describe how that makes me feel. No sacrifice is to great 
for my Goddess and her family. These two ladies are beyond compare. 
Jennifer is very straight forward with her parents about my being her 
slave. She does not say that in her teasing voice. She says it matter of 
fact. I have to consider that she is prouder of me as her slave than she 
is proud of me. At any rate I think I just went to heaven.




                Naturally Demanding but Nice 
          
                       Chapter Eleven

Jennifer's parents excused themselves and went to bed early. They
said they were tired. Nothing was mentioned about when Jennifer 
and I should go to bed. They had barely had time to close their 
door when Jennifer said.

"John, I need you very badly."  

She was looking at me with an incridable smile. Jennifer always 
looked sexy,but she could really look sexy when she wanted to.

"My pussy is so wet and cum is rolling out of me. Get your mouth 
in place and enjoy a real girl friend experience. (g) Tell me 
how sweet my pussy is and how much you love me,John. That is it 
John,worship ME! I am your life!"

I know all she said was true. Whatever life I may have once had 
just ended. I like the new life more than the old but it has
happened so quickly.

I continue to lick and suck on Jennifer's pussy. I looked into 
her eyes and I thought I saw love. My finger hurt. I was so 
tired. I either hurt or ached averywhere,literally everwhere.  
I even had a head ache. Not just where I had been squeezed and 
nail cut but my head hurt inside. I had worked almost all day 
on their lawn. There was a bunch of ironing to do yet for 
Jennifer. This slave thing is a little more demanding than in 
my fantasies.

"Hey slave, move it! Oh,I know,you want to carry ME!." She 
presented me with one of her Goddess smiles. I knew then why I 
have just been through all of this.Jennifer looked radiant,she 
looked beautiful,she was a true Goddess. She jumped on my back 
and said, "Gitty up John!" (g) 
  
"Here slave,lay by me,Nooo not that far up,down there. John, my 
little pussy need your big ol tongue. I know your tongue wants 
my pussy, it always does. Yeah,that is better. I bet you are 
really tired. You have not complained at all. Never a whine. I 
love you slave. After I have had an orgasam or three, (g) I will 
let you sleep down there. John your face is going to be very 
close to the parts of me you love so much."

I ran the flat of my tongue across Jennifer's pussy. I think she 
must have cum there all of the time. I am not complaing though.  
I took a lip in my mouth. Her nails went to my neck. That was her 
favorite hold on me when I was giving her intimate attention.  
I was tired but my tongue was rested. I responded to her eagerness 
with lots of licking. 

"John,that is soooo good,you have a talented tongue. I am keeping 
you forever,you know that don't you? Deeper now that's it. Ohhhh," 
Jennifer screamed as her body shuddered and her nails dug into my 
neck. 

I think my face must be flat. She relaxed and let me breathe. I 
took a deep breath enjoying the fabulous feminine scent that was 
Jennifer. I sucked the cum from her gorgeous pussy. I held it in 
my mouth feeling the texture and moving it around with my tongue. 
I swallowed it in three swallows letting just a little of the 
gooey sweetness go down my throat at a time.

I put my nose in Jennifer's asshole. She liked for me to do some 
ass worshiping after she had gotten off on my face. I liked to do 
that after we have had an intimate session too. I know she is 
training me, but I love it! Hey, it is where I want it. Jennifer's
bod is what dreams are made of. I keep asking myself, what have I 
ever done to earn a piece of heaven? 

She says it gives her a power trip. I must be sure not to think
what I am doing is degrading in any way. It is not. Nothing my 
Goddess does to me could ever be degrading. I am so fortunate to 
have found her and her family. I know it may seem that I am being 
treated badly, maybe even abused. Well,lets set the record straight.  
I am not! I am here of my own freewill. No one has forced me in 
anyway. I set out to be Jennifer's slave and that is exactly what 
I am.  Even if she had designs on securing me as her slave, even if 
she believed she was brainwashing and preparing me for my current 
position, I could walk away.  

Serving this magnificant goddess as she chooses is the way I want 
to spend my life. How many people will spend their life doing what 
they want to do? Answer, very few! Jennifer's ass smells exciting.  
I felt my dick getting hard again as soon as I inhaled the first
scent from her. Really sooner than that, as soon as I saw her. So, 
I do not want anyone feeling sorry for me. I count my lucky stars 
with every breath I take. The aroma of Jennifer's ass is very 
intoxicating. I love it. As I kissed her asshole I though of my 
love for her. I love Jennifer more than I could ever put in words. 
My tongue moves to her cute little hole and starts flicking the 
rim of her rose bud. She responds by pushing her ass tighter 
against my mouth. Jennifer dearly loves having her ass licked. I 
temporarily put my aches and pains behind me. My tiredness
momentarily forgotten as I tongued out her ass. I know I am 
starting something that will be very demanding on me. She offered
to let me sleep. What ever she demands of me now, I cannot complain.  

"Ohhh John,you know what that does to me. Unless you are able to take
me all the way,quit now. I know how much you love licking my ass. But, 
hey I know you must be exhausted. You had best quit what you are doing 
and be content just to keep your nose close to me."  

I knew she was right. I was to tired to enter into a long lovemaking 
session with my Goddess. I would only disappoint the both of us. I 
kissed her beautiful ass again. I reluctantly moved my mouth away and 
placed my nose as closely as I could to her pretty brown hole. I took 
a deep breath, savoring the aroma, while giving thanks for my position 
and status in life.

Monday morning arrived with the sound of Jennifer's radio playing music
from her favorite station. She kinda moaned as she turned over throwing
a leg over my body. Her pussy was very close. I pushed forward until I 
could place my lips to hers. I kissed her lips and began to trace my
tongue over them. She moaned again and moved to enable me to gain better
access to her pussy. I placed my open mouth over her and pushed the tip 
of my tongue in. I did not have the right to be so happy. The aroma of 
Jennifer's pussy was delightful and very arousing. I worked hard at 
controlling my natural urges by concentrating solely on giving Jennifer 
pleasure. I started eating her the way she taught me. I have found the
way my Goddess likes to be awakened! It took little time for her nails
to dig in and her ass start to move in earnest. She had not said a word
yet. She was making soft moans which were increasing in volumn as the
thrust from her ass increased in speed. Jennifer loved oral attention.
She loved having me and using me as her slave and as her instrument of
pleasure. It is moments like this that I long to be more to her then 
her pet. Sometimes it is difficult to concentrate on her pleasure be-
cause my mind wanders to what it would be like to really fuck her. She
has made it painfully plain that that will happen no time soon. She has
not promised it will ever happen. She may not ever love me like that.  
She loves me doing what I am doing now. She loves using me. She loves 
the Goddess/slave relationship that will never change. She would be upset, 
I think,if she knew I was having such thoughts. I brought my mind back 
to real time. I was receiving a lot of cum. I moved my tongue from clit 
duty to fucking her with it. She liked to be tongue fucked but she also 
liked my tongue to move rapidly over the most senstive part of her clit.  
I alternated doing both. When she had her climax, the final thrust, she 
wanted my tongue as far up in her love canal as I could get it. 
Everytime that moment comes it always feels as if her nails will sever 
my head at the neck. A coulpe times she has pulled my hand towards her 
mouth. I always resist by guiding it elsewhere. I believe if my hand is 
ever close to her mouth at that exact moment, I will get Jennifer's teeth 
to a bone. She has powerful climaxes. If my hand was near her mouth,the 
loud exclamation would be followed by some part of me entering her mouth 
just in time for her jaw to set and her teeth to clinch. She would bite 
me to the bone and never realize what she had done until it was over. 
Somewhere during Jennifer's lovemaking she becomes totally envolved in 
her sexual pleasure. Nothing in the world matters. I doubt if she knows 
how much or in how many ways she hurts me. I think usually, she cares, 
but in moments just before she reaches orgasm, nothing matters to her 
except that pleasure point. I sure would not want my head in her mouth 
at that point. I would be like the male praying mantis.

"Ohhhh John,that was so good! I am going to just love awakening to sex
with you every morning for the rest of my life. I may never have vanilla 
sex. If I did, I would have to share my little pussy with a thing, and 
your tongue. Right now your tongue is a deffinent winner! I bet your 
mouth,throat,and probably your whole stomach is coated with my cum! I 
gotta pee,I hope you are really thirsty!"

I placed my mouth in position and took a deep breath and got ready a
morning pee experience. 

"Drink up Toilet!" (g)

When she said things like that to me, while looking down at me, she 
usally said the words like she was talking to a lowly creature. Something 
far,far beneath her.

Her piss came hard and fast. She knew I was a lot more skilled in the art 
of piss drinking than when she first used me. Her piss was hot and not 
pleasant tasting. I must remember her position as a Goddess. Remembering 
that makes her piss taste better. She was pissing in my mouth the same 
way she pissed in her commode last week. She fully expected me to keep up.  
She did stop for a second as I swallowed mouthful after mouthful of her 
golden nectar.

John, what would you do if I ever decide I want another boyfriend. (G)  
What do you think of that idea?  Would you be jealous if I brought 
another guy home and made you serve us lemonaid by the pool?  What if 
I made you lick my feet and suck my toes, while I kissed him?  What if 
I told him you were nothing to me, just a slave and a pee toilet? Yes, 
John, what if I told him my whole family used you as a toilet every day. 
Still want to be my slave and me be your Goddess,John?  What if I said 
to him while we were necking heavily, 'No you can not fuck me, but you 
can fuck his mouth?"

She said all of this to me while pissing in my mouth. Just one 
degrading statement after another. I think she was seeing just how 
demeaning she could be. She was succeeding.

I never answered her inquiries. I did not think she really wanted an 
answer. When she finished pissing,I lovingly licked her then went 
straight to her ass. I licked it a couple times then smothered it 
with kisses,wwhile listening to giggles. She was really getting off 
on degrading me this morning.  

"Is that good,Toilet"? She asked in her superior voice. You know I 
sometimes wonder if you are really good enough to drink the piss of 
a Goddess. Maybe you should eat Neldas pussy instead of mine! (g) 
Would you like your tongue in her ass! I wonder if she ever bathes!
(g) If you ever displease me, maybe I will give you to her!  (g)  
She said it with the same very superior and haughty attitude she 
previously used to degrade me.

Nelda is an unattractive 300 lb girl in school. She is not very 
clean,not very smart,and the butt of all kinds of jokes.

I licked Jennifer's ass with the same loving and probing strokes 
as always.

She kicked me a little.

"John, arn't you going to say something? Are you in to being a 
toilet for just anybody, uhhhh! That is awful! Like totally gross!"

"I love you and only you Goddess. I am completely devoted to you,you
own me,I am your slave,your pee toilet,and whatever else you want me 
to be. I would rather be dead then serve anyone else."

"I know that,stupid! (g)

"I feel so good today,slave. I was teasing you! I would not give you 
away! I am not going to get another slave at school either! John you
are worth a million to me. I love you,you know that. Now kiss my ass
and go fix my bath just the way I like it." 

I kissed her gorgeous ass with pleasure and went to start her bath.  
I washed my mouth,gargled,and brushed my teeth while her bath was 
running. She walked in just as I finished with my mouth. She was so 
beautiful. No wonder that being her total slave was such a pleasure.  
She walked up to me totally naked. She put her arms around my neck 
and hugged me tightly.
"I love you slave,very,very much."

That more then paid for all the nasty things she said when she was 
degrading me. See,I know she is just doing that. I know she really 
loves me. There is something about her psyche that causes her to 
have more intense orgasms when she is degrading me.

I held her tightly as my lips found her mouth. What an experience.  
I entered a higher part of heaven everytime our lips meet this way.  
Jennifer is the only thing in this world that will ever matter.  
We must have kissed for five minutes. Time stands still for me in 
moments like these. When she released me I fell to my knees and 
kissed her pussy with reverence.




                    Naturally Demanding but Nice 
          
                           Chapter Twelve

I made Jennifer's breakfast and learned that her parents had already left.
I assisted her as she got ready for school. It was a constant, 
"John get this, John find this, John do this". I went from one place to 
another playing, go fetch.
  
Jennifer and I were alone in the house. I realized how much her and her 
family trusted me. It made me feel really proud that I was able to build 
up so much trust in so short a time. Well, Jennifer trusted me almost 
from the beginning or maybe she knew from the start that she owned me.  
I know she does.

"John, hurry and get ready for school. John, you still have not ironed 
for me. Don't think about getting lazy! You have a Goddess to care for!"(g)  

She truly adored this Goddess/slave relationship. Her eyes were so blue, 
and lit up the world when she smiled. She was always smiling except when 
she was mad, or pretending to be mad at me. I have never known for sure 
if it was an act to brainwash me,or if she really gets mad at me. She 
acted like she was mad once. 

I got ready and came downstairs. She was standing by a full length 
mirror. I could see her and her reflection at the same time. No one 
could ever imagine such beauty. I know she was in that exact position 
just so I could see her all of her. She was like that, always showing 
off her beauty,flaunting it. But flaunting it with taste. I was carrying 
her backpack and gym bag. My back pack was on my back.

"Jennifer you are the most beautiful girl in the world."

"I know that! I have always been! Now I am a Goddess! You made me 
one,and,it was sealed with a ring. You belong to me forever! I love 
owning you John." 

The way she looked, her expressions when she said that, made me realize
again how truly lucky I was. Chrissy, uggggh!

I looked at my watch, we had a couple minutes.

"Jennifer, may I go down on you before we leave."

"yes, I know I am to good to you, always giving you what you want!" (g)

I got on my knees in front of her. She lifted her skirt. I pulled 
her panties down and kissed her beautiful lips. I kissed them slowly 
and licked. My tongue brought cum in my mouth. Jennifer was so sexy.

"Ohhh John hurry and get me off. I have got to have one more orgasm 
before school. Ohhh John, I love you, I love you, I love you!"  
She said as her body shuddered.

I licked her quickly and sucked out her cum. There was no time for 
teeth brushing, if my mouth smelled like pussy, it smelled like 
a goddesses pussy! I kissed her pretty ass and put her panties back 
up with a little help from her.

"May I carry you to school, Goddess? I asked before raising up.

"No silly! But hurry,lets take my car."

Something just occurred to me. Nothing was said about her being 
grounded. I put our stuff in the car. The door went up and Jennifer 
squalled tires as we left the garage. I pushed the door down button 
as she was waiting for a car before pulling on to the street. Tires 
squalled again.

(g) "The neighbors will not approve! You are making a bad girl out 
of me! (g)  I am going to put you on a pussy ration!"  (g)

"Where did you learn all of your smart remarks? I asked Jennifer.

"From my mom and dad, you do not know them well enough yet. And --- a 
few of my own! You just bring out that side of me!"

When we arrived at school. She waited while I put on my backpack.
I opened her door. She exited the car, and as she did she showed me 
her panties. Just a quick glimpse. A glimpse of heaven. I got her 
bags and we entered school. I felt so proud walking next to her.  
We went straight to her locker.
  
"Put my gym bag in there, but take this."

It was a little bottle of liquid.

"Go wash your mouth,it smells like my pussy!  She whispered with a 
giggle.

I hurried to the restroom. The mouth wash was for ME. She came 
prepared. She never missed a trick. This was pretty strong. It would 
handle the pussy scent easily!

The bell rang before I got to the room. I had my first tardy, I 
thought.  Not so. There was Jennifer by the teacher's desk. She was 
leaning over asking him about one of the problems. The whole class 
could have been tardy and he would not have known. His sight never 
went beyond Jennifer! She was good! The seat behind her was empty.  
I knew she saved it for me. No one has the right to be so happy.  
I was the envy of every guy in that class. I could feel their eyes
as I slid in the seat. Jennifer came back to her seat smiling at 
everyone, especially me. Is it any wonder that I worship this girl?

Then I remembered I had not helped her with the chemistry homework.
I leaned forward and whispered to her.

"Do you have your chemistry homework?"

"I will talk to you later about that," she answered.

At the end of class, Mr.Rainey asked that the homework be turned in.  
I passed mine and the others in our row up to Jennifer. I watched her.  
She slipped hers in the middle and handed them to Mr.Rainey. She sat 
on the front seat. I had also noticed how she moved her legs. She had 
been giving him glimpses of her panties all hour. I swear her paper 
was blank! I did not see a single answer on it. Now I had only a 
second to look, but I know there was not much on it. No, there was 
nothing!

The bell rang and I walked with Jennifer to our next class. French V 
was not at all easy for me. Jennifer was very knowledgable. We had a 
quiz,yeah,no one knew about it. Jennifer made 100, I made 85! At noon 
I had to leave and go downtown. I got a big surprise. Jennifer walked 
with me to the office and told them she was checking out too that she 
had to take me downtown. Her mom had already called and informed the 
office. The attorney's secretary had called to let them know I had to
come downtown. When we walked out holding hands I knew all my decisions 
had been correct ones. We left our backpacks in our lockers. I had the 
little bottle of the special mouthwash in my pocket. A little of that 
goes a long ways.  

"With that bottle in your pocket you look like you have a pertetual 
hard on!" Jennifer said with a teasing smile and lots of giggles.

"When around you I do have," I answered. She just giggled. Jennifer is 
an accomplished tease.

We stopped at a Sonic, Jennifer bought my lunch. I was being treated 
just like a boy friend. A guy, college age, brought our food. He was 
all thumbs. One would think he never seen a girl before. Jennifer was 
eating it up until he asked her for a date. She looked at him like 
he was a moron. May I introduce you to my boy friend?" She said as 
she handed him money. The look on his face, priceless. She like 
totally shot him down. Not with what she said but the look. My 
Goddess could be a total bitch. I had rather, a million times over, 
be the subject of her playful torture than have that look directed
at me. She turned to me and was all smiles and sweet. She could turn 
it on and off at will. Instant change, no guy would ever have a 
chance of independence if he was in any way connected with Jennifer.  
She would control any male. Maybe she would someday be ruler of the 
world! She could be if the ruler if this were a world of men. 

"Thank you, Jennifer,I love you. I really do."

"No John, I love you, you worship me." (g)
  
As she said that she gave her head a move to the left like she was 
looking at something at 11:00. Her tits came forward and her shoulders 
moved back. This was one of her favorite moves. It said I am superior
to you.
 
She had ordered a cherry limeaide, route 44 size. She took a drink of 
it, smiled and said. "This will give my pee a good flavor for you. See 
how much I love you! I know that is not why you worship me though. 
You worship me because I am so beautiful. You can not help yourself.  
I own you slave! (g)  If I treated you, all the time, the way I just 
treated that creep who hit on me,you would still be my slave. You would
still follow me around with your tongue hanging out."
  
She looked at me with that beautiful smile. "Well, wouldn't you?"

"Yes," I answered.

All of this conversation and more was being made with the top down on 
the car. Maybe it was overheard, maybe not. I did not care. I do not think 
Jennifer cared either. Her actions and words could always be, "jokes".  
Of course we knew they were not jokes.
  
We arrived at the attorneys office. We went in and sit down. Jennifer 
picked up a,"Seventeen Magazine," while moving her legs towards me. Just 
for a second she showed her panties to a couple men sitting across from 
us. Of course she acted as if they were not there. The guys, not the 
panties, she knew where both were,actual and in thoughts. She chatted, 
showing me things in the magazine,using her repertoire of smiles,looks, 
and giggles. I knew she was using her assets more for her audience than 
she was for me. That is my Goddess. I love and worship her for what she 
is. She is not going to change. She loves herself just the way she is.

The receptionist called my name, Jennifer got up too. They told her 
only those who were mentioned in the will could be present. I quickly 
protested to no avail. Jennifer waited in the lobby. I was glad the men 
had been called first and hoped their attorney would keep them longer 
than mine would keep me.

I was flabergasted. I thought we were at best, better than poor. Besides 
the house,I was a millionaire. Now the trust,that I could not touch the 
principal of,was a million. That came from the wrongful death of my 
parents and life insurance policies. I had a couple hundred thousand 
that had accumulated from monthly social security checks I received 
from my parents. I could have had a car. I could have had lots of stuff.  
But then I would not have had Jennifer, I mean Jennifer would not have 
had me. I would rather be owned by her than to have all that stuff. I 
also got the house which I wanted the attorney to list for sale. He was 
appointed as my guardian until I was 21. It was in the will that I 
receive the proceeds form grandma's estate plus $4000 a month until I 
was 23 or graduated from college.  When I graduated from college I 
would receive $250,000. The remainder would remain in trust. I would 
receive the income from the trust but no part of the principal. I did 
my will that day, making Jennifer my sole beneficiary if I lived to be 
forty years old before I died. 
Everything would go to charity if I died before then.  
I could change my will at any time in the future.

When I came out Jennifer was teasing three other guys in the lobby. 
Still looking at the,"Seventeen", magazine. Saying nothing to them,
not even noticing them. Just teasing them in the way she was so good 
at doing.

"Why did the secretary ask my name?" Jennifer asked as we walked out 
the door.

"She needed it because I made you my beneficiary."

"You what?"

"You are all I have, remember, you told me that. Well it is true.  
So, if I die you get all my money!"

"You mean when I kill you,slave,I get all your money! (g) How much 
do I get!"

"Not that simple," I smiled.

"Let me see that, slave."
  
She used the same facial expression and tone of voice she often did 
when talking like that to me. A couple of passerbys looked but just
thought she was joking. I handed her my copy of the will. I was 
surprised how quickly she digested the important parts.
  
"Maybe you do not need me so much anymore, oui." She said in her 
pouty voice,with looks attached.

"I want and need you even more. I need someone who knows how to 
properly spend my money. I have never had much experience at 
spending money."

"You got the right girl for that," she giggled. First stop,
'Victoria's Secret',second stop my favorite shoe store. Both are 
in the mall. After that, we will go shopping! We have all 
afternoon to shop. I am feeling generous, Imay do some shopping 
for you too!"

"First stop is the bank." I have a small checking account and 
savings account there. It just became larger."
  
I showed Jennifer the amount the attorney transfered as soon as
our meeting ended.

"I can spend that, she giggled. Let's go main squeeze, I love 
you even more than I did yesterday! You have to get an ATM card!"

"I have one." I answered. I guess she thought I was poorer than 
I thought I was.

"Lets check OUR balance," she giggled.

I have been stunned this whole day since we left her house. She 
is treating me almost as an equal, other than the slave remarks.  
Not just since she saw the will, but the whole time. There is 
something wrong with me, I know it, I have known it for years.  
Any guy would want to be fucking her right now. Me, I want to eat 
her, swallow her cum, feel her pussy, on my face. 

Our first stop was the restrooms. She looked at me and smiled 
before opening the door of the ladies restroom. I went into the 
men's but longed to go with her and lick her pussy. All I could 
think of was that pretty golden stream pouring from her pussy and 
being wasted in the toilet. She said she was drinking the cherry 
limeaide for me.  I was not getting it. I felt deprived. I wished 
I had saved my cup so she could have peed in it and I could have 
sipped on her pee as we walked through the mall. Only the two of 
us would have known what I was drinking. That would have been so 
cool. I was fantasing, I knew I could not drink her pee all of the 
time. I know there is something wrong with my psyche. Maybe it 
stems from thinking I was poorer than I was. All that time of
feeling inferior around girls,inferiorty complex.

We appeared in the lobby at the same time.

"Miss me slave?" She asked with her smile and giggle. Just like she knew 
my thoughts.

"Yes, very much." I answered."I was having Jennifer withdrawal symptoms."

"Were you dreaming about serving as my toilet paper?" (g) She whispered.

"Yes, but how could you know?"

"I know everything about you,slave! It is best you not forget it either, 
or it is off with your head!"

"You would miss my mouth."

"Ahhh yes, and your talented tongue." She closed her eyes,tossed back her 
head,and projected her closed mouth dreamy smile.

"Is that your bank," she asked, pointing to a branch bank in the mall.

"Yeah," I said.

I showed them a blank check I always carried in my wallet and my drivers 
license. Yeah, a drivers license but no car.
  
The teller wrote the balance on a slip of paper and gave it to me.

"How much will we need?" I asked Jennifer.
  
"How much is there?" She replied with a beautiful smile.

"More than $18,000." I answered.

"Just get ten," she answered with a smile.

Jennifer always had a smile. What a Goddess. I wrote the check for 
$10,000. The teller looked at us and said, "Excuse me a minute". She 
left and came back with a man, an older guy, probably 50 or so.

"So John, you are making a sizable withdrawal. What is it for?"
  
"I have been needing to do some shopping for sometime. Jennifer Abdellaoui 
has agreed to help me pick out a few things."

"Young lady, would you mind showing me some identification?"

"Sure," Jennifer said as she gave him her best smile. She handed him her 
drivers license."I am Dr.and Monica Abdellaoui's daughter."

He initialed the check,"I thought I reconized you," he said as he put his pen
back in his pocket. "A bank has to be careful, especially with this much money.
You kids be very careful with it. That is a lot of money. I know this is a 
nice quite town, but, do not flash it around. You need a check card, son."

"I have one but since the money was only deposited today, I did not think it 
would work.
 
"If you will use it and tear this check up, I will make sure the card works 
on your account right now."

"We can handle money," Jennifer whispered.

I would appreciate your doing that but I want to cash the check." I told him.
"O.k., but do be careful."

I took the ten grand in hundreds. I handed eighty of them to Jennifer and I
put twenty in my wallet. Giving Jennifer eight thousand dollars made me feel 
like a millionaire. She put the money in her purse like it was a twenty dollar 
bill. When we were away from the window she asked, "Why did you give me all of
that money?"

"You said to get ten thousand."

"But why did you give it to me?"

"I belong to you, so my money is yours too." I smiled at her. She was a little 
off guard. Jennifer is never off guard or without words. "Would you like for 
me to put your name on my account and get you a check card?"

"That is nice, yeah, that would be really cool, just like we were married."

She had already recovered the initial shock. Jennifer was a class act.

We went back in the bank and added Jennifers name to the account. She 
completed the paper for her own check card on my account, well our account 
soon. She was eighteen and needed no guardian signature. My attorney would 
have to sign for me.

We spent over $4000 on Jennifer and over $2500 on me. I never had clothes 
like that before. She bought me a pair sunglasses that cost eighty bucks.  
She said they made me look hot. We had a small car but we got everything in.  
Jennifer has expensive taste. Jennifer was right, she could teach me how to 
spend money!

Jennifer got out her cell phone and called her mom.

"Mom, can we go to the movies?  We will come home as soon as they are over.
We will be home before 10:30, please. I know it is a school night but it is 
special too. Can I tell you when I get home? Yes, mom, it does mean a lot
to me. In awhile, let me think, please mom. I love you. I have some new things.
No, mom, John paid for everything, well ---- I did buy his lunch!  (g)  John 
is taking me to dinner, can I stay out until eleven?,  OK, we will be in 
by 10:30. No, mom I am just find, yes, I still have my good sense. I love 
you, bye." 

She called again and made reservations for two at the premier restaurant in 
the area. Very expensive. Jennifer took me to a salon to get my hair fixed 
the way she wanted it. She looked at magazines and waited. She then picked 
out what she wanted me to wear from the new clothes and sent me in the 
restroom to change.

When I came out she looked me up and down.

"You are going to be my date for tonight, John, a real date. 
Girlfriend/boyfriend type date." She smiled.

Yeah, I was speechless. I could understand being her slave, I could 
understand her being her toilet paper, but go on a date with such a Goddess 
was more than my senses could handle. I went on sensory overload. I 
couldn't say a complete sentence. I babbled, I was a bundle of nerves.  
Never mind that I had eaten her pussy only a few hours ago, this was 
different. I knew nothing about a date. A date with a Goddess was 
simply out of the question.

"John, you look just like you did last Friday morning! Whatever is the 
matter with you?"

"Jennifer, I do not think I can do this. I can relate to you as a slave.
I, well, I have never been on a date like this, and never imagined being
on one with the worlds most beautiful creation."

"Than why were you meeting me all the time?"

"I hoped you would want me to be your slave, I knew I was not, nor could 
I ever be good enough for you, so, to be near the most fabulous girl I ever 
seen, I wanted to be your slave."

"OK, I may as will tell you. I set out to get you for a slave! You wanted
to be my slave! I loved it!  Well ----- slave, we both got what we wanted!
You are still my slave, and you are still my toy anytime I want you to be.
Don't make something out of this that it is not. I own you BOY!"

Jennifer has given me sweet looks before. I swear this was different. When 
she said, "I own you boy", her look was special. I could not be imagining 
it, it was very special. My heart was bursting with love for Jennifer 
Abdellaoui.




                  Naturally Demanding but Nice

                       Chapter Thirteen

                      Thoughts by John

I got through the dinner. It was not easy. Jennifer knew how to do
everything. The only thing I knew how to do was eat, and did not 
do a very good job of that. I am glad we were seated at an out of the 
way location. Jennifer had told me to ask for a, "More private table".
She had also told me to slip the hostess a ten. That seemed like a 
lot to me and she was not my type. She was nicer after the ten, however.
 
The table was in a very quiet place so we were able to talk a little.
I was still cautious about the change in Jennifer towards me. She
was treating me as a near equal. She was teaching me how to do all
sorts of stuff that I never knew. She was like a princess who had
taken a guy off the streets and was attempting to make a nobleman out 
of him. Well I guess that was kinda our situation. I watched her and 
tried to imitate her the best I could. When no one was around she 
would tell me of my mistakes. Several times she drew attention to 
herself and away from me when I was doing something wrong. I had never
been to anything except mom and pop cafes and fast food places. I was
surprised at how good the food was. By the time our meal was over
I was able to talk to Jennifer again without being tongue tied.  
There were times I wanted to say something but no words would come 
out of my mouth. Jennifer was always the perfect date. I did not
dare hope. This was really, really special. She had already said for
me,"Not to make to much out of this". I presumed she meant she was
not really dating me. She said I was, "Still her slave".

Jennifer even told me how much to leave for a tip. I grudgingly did
so. I was raised to save and skimp by. She was not. I had already
noticed the prices. When they were added together and tax added it
was startling. I had never spent that much eating in a month before!

                   Jennifers Evaluations

John did pretty good considering his total lack of experience. It
did not help him any that he was in the company of a total Goddess!
He was really trying. There is so much I must teach him. I know my 
plans for John are changing. Yeah, the money had a lot to do with it.  
Not that I need the money, I like it though, but one does not give a 
person eight thousand no strings attached. I bought some things I 
really did not need just because I could. It is more than the eight 
grand. John made me his beneficiary. John came into a lot of money. 
Even in my standards, it was a lot. I noted the part where it would
go to charity if he died before age forty. I also noted that he could
change it anytime. If something dreadful happened to my John, I 
should not be a loser. The way the will was now is if he died before
he was forty, I would not get the $750,000 plus dollars. That will 
never do. He will change that for me, I know he will. I will talk 
with him about that in a few days. I must let him know what he has 
first. Now I know what you all are thinking. Not nice! I do care 
for John. Hey, John now has a shot at the worlds most beautiful  
lady. That is awesome. I am awesome!

We went to the movies. I held John's hand as we walked from my car 
to the theater. I would give it a little squeeze when I looked
at him. He really worships me. Rightly so, of course!
  
We walked in just a few minutes before the movie started. The lights 
were on. I chose a seat for us near the back. When we sat down I 
snuggled close to John and looked at him. When he looked at me I 
gave him one of my sexy smiles. I have practiced this smile hundreds 
of times. I can close my eyes and see exactly what I look like. Good,
very good! John kinda put his arm around me. You know, just over my
shoulders but almost not touching me. The lights went out and I changed
that! I took his hand in mine and pulled. As I did that I snuggled
against him pretty tightly. Even John could not misread that! He
started telling me how much he loved me, how pretty I was, how I was
his whole life, the most beautiful in the whole world. I squeezed his 
hand at all the right times. When he started making Goddess references
I kissed him. I did not use my tongue but he got a sexy kiss. With my 
other hand I, "Accidently", touched his thing. It was hard. I would 
have been embarrassed if it were not. John warmed up to the kissing 
quickly. He kissed pretty good too. Must be the practice he has 
received kissing my other lips! (g)

"Jennifer, why do you giggle like that. I always think you are laughing 
at me when I am telling you how wonderful you are and you giggle.  I
am being very serious and you giggle."  

"John, I told you why I giggle. That is just me. There is no magic
explanation. I suppose I giggle so much because I am happy! I am
not laughing at you, believe it! Don't ruin the moment, John. That
would not be cool." I had to let John know who was the Goddess and
who was the slave in this relationship.

"I am sorry Jennifer."  

He sounded like it too. I kissed him again and we started necking again.
There were not many in the theater. None behind us. No one could even
see us unless they turned around. We were not making that big of a scene!

The movie ended. Neither of us knew anything about it. We left the theater
holding hands. When we stepped on the sidewalk I removed my hand from his 
and put it around his waist. We took a few steps. I looked up at him.
He got the message and put his arm around my waist. This made us very
close together as we walked to my car. John opened the door for me. I like
that. Of course I am able to open my own door, but that is not the point.
If a guy does not like me enough to open doors, carry books, etc.  He can
bite me! I have a guy that will do everything for me and almost has!

We got home and walked in holding hands. My parents were surprised. My
mom was surprised went I asked her if we could go to eat and go to a movie.
John had to unload our stuff after he got me in the house. I always come 
first with John!

"Did you enjoy the movie," mom asked me as John went back for some of our 
things.

"It was OK, I just wanted to go out with John, Mom, he really is nice.
I like him."

"Sure you do." She answered. He does a lot for you,well,for us."

"Mom, you know what I mean, I like him."

"Jennifer, we will discuss this, but not now."

I knew what she meant. She did not approve. Things were not going
according to plan at all. John was supposed to be a household slave,
not a boy friend for me. My parents were going to be pissed. They
have not been mad at me much in my life. I have been the perfect daughter.
How could I be anything but? I see no reason John and I can not date and
him still be my slave. I think he will do everything for me, for us,
that he would do as a slave. The difference is, he will enjoy it even more.
John would do absolutely anything for me. Right now if he had to die to
save me, he would. That is a very real test. To bad it is a test that can
be used but once.

John carried in all of our stuff. He put my stuff in my room and his stuff 
in his room. He went back to my room and began hanging up my clothes, 
putting them in drawers, etc. I admired the way he lovingly handled my 
lingerie. When he put my intimate things in my drawers I walked to him, 
put my arms around his neck, and gave him a really nice kiss. His kissing 
was improving. I was really wet. I reached in my panty drawer and picked 
up a pair of Victoria's Secrets that I had just purchased with our money.  
I held them in front of his face and smiled. Slave, when you put my panties 
away, guess what you are supposed to do? I gave him my sexy smile with eye 
contact. He reached for them. As he did I brought them to his lips. While
holding my hand and the panties he lovingly kissed the crotch right where 
my little pussy would be tomorrow. I pushed down on his shoulders with my 
arms. I was making little sounds as he kissed his way down my chest and 
to my belly.
  
"Don't miss anything on your way down." I told him with a giggle. He moved
his mouth up as I unclipped my bra. I raised his mouth to mine and gave him
some good kisses, using my tongue a little this time. I was driving him wild!  
I loved it! I pushed on his head and he went right to my nipples.

"John, use your fingers on one nipple while you use your mouth on the other.
Change from one to the other. Not to hard, but bite just a little, easy, 
I am fragile." (g)

I was not all that fragile but John must be taught to love me gently.  I will
love him hard! Maybe I will try a little hard loving on me but not yet.

I pushed on his head and guided his mouth to my belly button.

"French kiss there, John." Ohhhh, I love that.

I helped John get my clothes off. He wasted no time in getting his mouth
where it really belonged. He is so talented at cunnilingus. It is because
he wants to be talented. My mom told me a few years ago that any guy can
be talented if he has the desire. If he does not have the desire, dump him!
I have had several guys perform cunnilingus on me. Some were kinda good.
None compared to John though. I have to concentrate on other things or
he would bring me to orgasm much to quickly.  Hell, I have not begin to
use my nails on him yet. All of our lovemaking has to have some pain for 
John. That way I know he still loves me. His cuts will heal, it is not like
they were permanent! No doubt do to repeated nail insertions in the same
area, scars will develop. But hey, they will be love marks. (g)  All guys
should have them. That should be a rite before they are known as a man.
No nail scars, no manhood! (g)  I love it!

"Ohhh John, ohhhh, I love what you are doing! Don't ever stop!"

Those are not just encouragement words. They have real meaning!

I place my hands on John's neck. He flinched. He was preparing for the 
pain of my nails. I love the way he accepts the pain I give him with
no complaints. He makes little sounds on occasion when my nails cut
his neck or ears. I like that to. It shows me I am giving him pain.
That adds to my sexual enjoyment. Not that I like hurting John, but
the knowing that I can! Such power I have over him. Hey, I am just
a sweet little thing. I could never do these thing to him if he was
not willing. But if he was not willing, I would not waste my time 
with him. He is, very willing! (g)

"Ohhh, John, lick my clit faster. That is so good!" I told him. He
loves it when I say words of encourgement to him. He eats them up!

I pulled on his head. I did not sink my nails in yet. His anticipation
of when the pain will come is good. I cut him just a little. He moaned
in pain, such a sweet sound. My pussy gets wetter when he makes little 
noises in response to stimulation. He always responds by licking my
clit faster, or pushing his tongue in harder. Sometimes he gives a big 
suck and swallows. I love it when I know my cum is going down his throat 
straight to his little tummy! I know I can not always go pee in his mouth
but it turns me on so much. When I look into his eyes and piss, he
looks at me with so much love in his eyes. Like now he is in total ecstasy,
just like me. If I could, I would wish that these times never end.
Ohhh maybe not, I like it when I orgasm too! I have got to slow down, I
am moving to fast.

"John, stop! John, I mean it, stop! Oh John, don't stop! "Ohhhhh
John, John, I love youuuuuuu!"

I squeezed his face hard. I never got around to really sinking my nails
in. I meant to. I just went to fast. So much pleasure. I almost feel
sorry for all the ugly girls who will never experience these awesome
feelings. Bless their little hearts.

"John, suck out my cum, but don't swallow. Do you have a lot in your 
mouth?"
John moved his head up and down a little.

"I want to see my cum, open your mouth and show me."

John raised his head, and opened his mouth. I could see all of the milky
white cum in his mouth. All from me! I gave him one of my sexy smiles. 
My cum looked so good in his mouth. No wonder he says how lucky he is. 
He is!

"John, without closing your mouth, swallow. Ohhh, I love watching that!"

Some of my cum had escaped the corners of his mouth before he swallowed.
He retrieved it with his tongue. His tongue was so coated he only
managed to move my cum over his lips. That looked so cool! There are
few things that compares with looking at a guy when he has your cum
on his face, on his lips, on his tongue, and in his mouth.  When I looked
at John, I knew he was tasting something very intimate about me. I always
get him to say something at montents like this.  I liked the way all of
my cum changes his speech. I wish I could actually see my cum go down his 
throat, coating everything all the way down. Yeah, he is lucky alright!

I have tasted my cum, though I would not tell anyone. It is kinda good.
I can certainly see why John thinks it is so delish. Add the real taste
of my cun to my beauty, and the exotic moments, and do not forget my
totally awesome facial expressions, and yeah, my nails too, is it any
wonder my John thinks he is in heaven?  He is cooing to me now.  
Whispering sweet nothings to me. John knows how truly fortunate he is
that out of all the guys who want me, I chose him to receive my love
and give me pleasures which I so richly deserve. I know my parents will 
not approve of my truly liking, maybe loving, John. But I do. I have
never had this much love before. After I finished with him, he was
still there, his head between my gorgeous legs, licking my pussy. That
feels so good. Just dreamy. My John is like, totally awesome! Now do not
forget, I have had lots of guys hook up with me. That is not what is
causing me to think of John in terms of love instead of merely like.
No, John is truly special. Like right now if I said, "John, I love 
you so much I want my teeth buried in your arm all the way to the bone, 
he would slowly raise his arm to my mouth with a look mixed with fear 
and total worship.

"John," I said long and sexy as I pushed on his head. He knew where
I wanted his mouth to go. I felt his tongue go up my crack and over my
cute little hole. John's tongue went back there. I smiled as he used 
the tip to move around the outside. I let out a little pleasure cry as 
his tongue gently entered me. He gently tongued out my ass hole like 
it was candy. I bet he would eat my shit, I mean a complete dump, if I 
told him to. Of course I can not do that. The health risks are to great.  
You have heard the expression, "Eat shit and die".  Well I do not want 
my John to die. I do not want him sick. I love my little slave! 
I reached back and pushed against his forehead.

"John, are you trying to wear out my ass? Kiss it and quit for now."

I looked at my clock,omg it was almost midnight! There was school 
tomorrow. My parents would kill me if they knew he was in my room 
this late at night!

"John, you have got to go to your room, and very quietly too."  Here,
you can take these."
  
I handed him the panties I had worn all day and on our first date.
See how sweet I am to John, I knew just what he needed and wanted.
My delish cum soaked panties! 

"Go, I will kiss you tomorrow. Your tongue has been up my ass! That
taste is for you and you only." I used my sexiest voice and smile 
on him. Putty, he is pure putty! I own him! I love it!

"You can kiss these!" I teasingly told him, holding my foot in the 
air. He lovingly kissed all ten of my pretty toes.

"Go!" I playfully kicked him. He blew me a kiss as he walked out of 
my room.
I hit the shower. It would have been nice to have a John given bath.
But we would be an hour doing that at least. He loves touching my
bod. I looked in the mirrow as I dried. No wonder he loves my bod
so much. I turned to look at my ass. Such beauty, such perfection.
John IS the luckiest guy in the world! Oh well, off to bed.  I will
sleep very good. There is nothing like falling asleep after truly 
great sex with someone you love.  




                 Naturally Demanding but Nice
               
                     Chapter Fourteen

                     John's Thoughts

Boy am I confused. I have had unbelievable moments with Jennifer.
She gives me vibes that she wants me for her boy friend then gives
me vibes she wants me only for a slave. I do not know if she is
constantly changing her mind or if the two are one and the same
to her. I knew about what I was letting myself in for, I thought.
I am no longer so certain. I thought I was dedicating my life as 
a slave to the worlds most beautiful creation. Simple, she orders
I obey. Not so simple anymore. I was a nervous wreck in that 
restaurant. Serving her is easy, being her date is difficult.

Although she was unbelievably understanding about my mistakes it
was clear she did not want them repeated. There is so much to 
remember. A slave is not expected to know that etiquette stuff
of which I never had a need or desire to learn. Who cares how
eating things are place on the table. Or what you use to get
food to the mouth, you use the one that does the job the best.
After all that is their only purpose, is it not?  Now I knew I
had to learn how stuff is placed on the table because I may be 
setting the table a lot for the Abdellaoui's so I had to learn 
that anyway. I never knew I would have to learn how to use them 
and when. Eating with your left hand in your lap is silly. No 
one can eat as good with one hand as they can with two.
  
The date otherwise,was fabulous. Just noticing all of the 
looks at us by men was a huge power trip for me. Hey, I was with 
the most beautiful girl in the world and I knew it! Jennifer was
fantastic. Everwhere we went guys would keep looking at her,and 
she was not even at her best,not close. She was ordinary for her, 
but ordinary for her is light years ahead of anyone else I ever 
knew. Jennifer is pretty when she has on nothing, make up, not 
nude. Well she is gorgeous then too. Everything all day long was 
one surprise after another. I never caught up with her until we 
went to her room and I went down on her. I was in familiar 
territory then and made sure I did my best to please her. I 
always wanted to be near a girl who was so into herself. Well 
Jennifer is that. She thinks of herself all of the time and 
expects everyone else to also. If they do not,she is 
disappointed with them and usually shows it.
 
She surprised me by taking me downtown,all of the attention she 
gave me all day. She was a fabulous date. I must not start thinking 
of any life with her other then a mistress/slave relationship. Today
was a fluke which may very well never happen again. I know it would
be easy to get a broken heart messing around with her. But maybe as 
long as I can accept that I am just her slave and toy, everything
else will be alright. That was so thoughtful and sweet of her to 
give me her panties. These are so special. This cum was made by 
her because I was with her. It was me necking with her and causing 
her juices to flow. Yeah, these are special panties. These were 
truly for me. I love her scent. It is hard to keep from licking 
them but if I do, I will remove all the scent that is Jennifer.  
I want to keep these panties as they are forever. I placed the 
crotch over my mouth, my lips bathed in their wetness. With every 
breath I inhaled the intoxicating aroma of Jennifer's pussy. I 
placed my hand on my dick and entered my own world of ecstasy.

I had set my alarm forty-five minutes ahead of Jennifer's. I wanted
to be up, showered dressed, ready to go to school so I could give
Jennifer anything she wanted. When I went downstairs Jennifer's
parents were setting at the bar drinking coffee. I spoke to them
cheerfully. They returned the greeting cheerfully also. I knew they
expected me to be a household servent for them. I asked if I could
do something for them. They wanted more coffee which I poured.  

"Pour yourself a cup, John." Jennifer's mom said.

I poured me a cup and sat down at the bar.

"John, we have not said much to you about yesterday. Your
financial situation changed drastically,did it not?"

"Yes, Mrs.Abdellaoui,it did." I answered.

"Do you have plans to live elsewhere?" She asked.

I looked at her,she was beautiful,no wonder Jennifer is so
gorgeous. I should not have looked at her. I had much difficulty
speaking.

"I have made no plans. I like it here a lot."

"John, you may stay with us,but we still expect you to pull your
weight. You and Jennifer have to keep up the household chores,
lawn,laundry,etc."

I knew who the me and Jennifer,was!

"Of course,I enjoy helping Jennifer." I said that correctly.

"We have a terrific daughter whom we love very much. Jennifer
has always had whatever she wanted. We do not expect that to change.
Do you understand what I am saying?"

"Yes, what Jennifer wants,Jennifer gets. I love that about her. She
was naturally demanding,"

"Yes, except one thing. Hon." 

That was Dr.Abdellaoui spoke. "You take my daughter's virginity 
and I will castrate you, literally. No matter how much my daughter 
protest."

That caused me to pause, both what he said and how he said it. He
was serious as a heart attack. I did not answer,I just lowered my head.

"We know what you are doing,that is ok. Jennifer wants that and has
been getting it for sometime. You are not the first. We trust our
daughter a lot, but she likes you more than she has liked the others."

"I swear on my life, I will never do anything to hurt Jennifer."

"You do, and your life is mine, John.  We must go, you all get to
school on time. You should fix Jennifer's breakfast, she likes a
guy to bring her breakfast. I know you already know that."

"Yes sir." I answered as they exited the room on their way out of
the house. It did not take them long to put me in my place.

I poured Jennifer orange juice made from oranges that I
ran through the juicer. Yep, always fresh juice for Jennifer. I
prepared her breakfast and took everything up to her on a silver
serving tray. She was being treated like the royality she was.
I entered her room without knocking. Her alarm was three minutes 
from activation. I set the tray on her nightstand. I paused to look 
at her, asleep, and so beautiful. Like a perfect angel, her blonde
hair over her shoulder. I deactivated the alarm. I gently pulled
back the sheet. I got on my knees and kissed her pretty foot. I 
kissed one, then the other. I kissed her four or five times before
she started awakening. She bent her knees and I followed her feet.
She giggled as she extended her legs and wrapped them around my head.
At the same time she raised up, took my head in her hands and pulled.
Just like that my mouth was touching her panties.

"Lick me, John." She said with a sexy grin. She had this way of 
sticking out her lower jaw much the same way as she did to nibble.
Her smile showed lots of perfect lower teeth. She helped me remove 
her panties. She began on her breakfast as I began licking her pussy.
It is times like these that I am so happy to be alive.

"John, I know I can not keep peeing in your mouth, but John, I need
to pee so much, and I am having breakfast. Will you drink my pee,
John. I love you."

I looked at her, her face was half serious, have frivolous, and all
love. In answer I place my mouth tightly over her little pee hole
and nodded my head a little to signify I was ready. She started 
pissing. I was drinking her morning piss again. Even though this 
hot piss was coming directly out of the body of a Goddess, it was 
not good. Like YUCK! I was taking big gulps with breaths inbetween.  
She stopped often. Neither of us wanted any piss on her bedding. 
This was not something I really wanted, but, I was not protesting 
either. I swallowed all of it and returned to licking her. I love 
her scent so much. I could feel her wetness on my nose. I move up 
and kissed her lips. I could feel her heat building. I pushed the 
tip of my tongue in between her lips.

"John, wait until I finish my breakfast! You are insatiable, you 
want to eat me all of the time. For my birthday, maybe I will have 
your face permanently attached right there!" (g)

When she said things like that she always giggled. I think she was 
picturing me attached as I am now and thinking how comical that 
would be. She had finished her breakfast and was sitting up in bed 
looking at me and admiring the way mu tongue gave her so much 
pleasure.

"We could be siamese twins,John, ummmm, pleasure 24/7 for meeee. 
Ohhh, ohhhhh, John you are sooo good. Ohhh, John, my clit loves 
you so much. You do awesome things to me!"

I brought my tongue back in my mouth, it was coated with her cum.  
I love Jennifer's cum. Maybe being attached here would not be bad.  
I listened to her little moans of pleasure and encouragement. All 
of the time her movements became greater and her cum flow increased.  
I kept expecting her nails to go to my neck but they had not made 
it there yet. So far my breakfast had consisted of nearly a pint 
of pee and lots of cum. The taste of her cum was tremendous. I will 
never get enough of it. So many times I have dreamed about eating 
girls. None of the girls in my dreams approached her beauty. I will
never be able to do enough for Jennifer. I want to live my life 
doing all I can for her each day. Yeah, whatever Jennifer wants, 
Jennifer will get from me.

"Ummmm more tongue, John, lots more tongue. Get on your knees."

That was my signal to tongue fuck her. I slid back off the bed, 
she put her legs over my shoulders. Her hands went to my head.  
I braced myself for the pain that did not come. Instead she just 
held on and face fucked me. This was a new position. With Jennifer, 
all positions are good. She had her orgasm with a loud scream of 
pleasure as she pummeled my back with her fist. Her beats on my 
back sounded like a drum. It hurt! She laid back. I licked and 
sucked the cum from her pussy. I think each time we do this I 
get more of a boner and my balls hurt more. Nothing about me 
appears to be a consideration of Jennifer. When we have sex she
is oblivious to everything except her sexual gratification. I 
doubt if she was even aware of beating me and how much it hurt.  
I got her pussy clean and lifted up on her beautiful ass. She 
made a sweet little sound and rolled over giving me great access 
to her ass. I run my tongue up her ass crack. I could taste her 
perspiration. I loved the salty taste of her sweat. I kissed her 
cute little brown hole. She moaned again as I started licking her.
I licked the outside making small circles with the tip of my tongue.
I pushed my tongue inside her ass hole. I brought it back out and 
was greeted with a bitter taste. She pushed her ass out more. That 
always means she wants more of my tongue in her ass.

"Go fix my bath." Jennifer said as she pushed me away. She was 
satisfied for the moment so she moved on to something else. That was
Jennifer. She just expects the world to revolve around her.  It is 
not just me she treats this way, it is everyone. They accept it or 
don't hang out with her. I got up,went to the bathroom and started 
her bath. She walked in looking like a million dollars. She had done 
nothing to look that way, she just did.

"You may bathe me, slave." It took as long for her to say 'slave', 
as it did for her to say all of the other words in the statement. I 
started bathing her as she had taught me. I needed some relief.I 
had an unbelievable hard on. Jennifer acts like she does not know 
what a hard on is, much less care about one. If I maintain this 
relationship with her, I may ask to be castrated. I can not continue
to endure this. I would do that, if I had to. If I can never fuck
her, it would be best for both of us. She is incredible. All that 
beauty and sexuality........

"Be gentle with my pussy slave. You are wearing it out with that 
awesome mouth of yours. I will be the only girl in school that will 
have a worn out pussy before they graduate and still a virgin!" (g)

Jennifer's words intrupted my train of thought. I had to think about 
something in moments like these. She put her hands on  me and raised 
up out of the tub and turned around for me to wash her back. What an 
ass. I see it all of the time, yet each time I look at it I get harder.
  
"You can kiss it if you want." (g)

She knew what I was looking at. I dropped to my knees on the bathroom 
floor and kissed her beautiful ass. I washed awhile and kissed for 
awhile.
 
Jennifer stepped out of the tub, "Dry me," were her only words.

I started drying her. She was looking at my face, studying it really.
I kissed her nipples, she jutted them out to me and they responded
imeadiately. Jennifer was so sexy. She wants attention all of the time.
She always responds though. What more could a guy ask for?  She would 
be an incredible fuck, I know she would. I lowered my head and kissed 
her little belly button, then moved down and kissed her lips.

"John, stop it, I do not think you will ever get enough of me!" (g)

She put her hand under my chin and lifted my face. "I hope not anyway."

She said seriously. She could go from a giggle to serious to a giggle in
a moments time.

"Go get ready for school. I will buy you a pastry on the way."

I finished getting ready, brushed teeth, hair combed, clothes straightened.
I also took a couple of minutes and relieved that huge hard on.

"John, you do not have time to play with yourself!" She called out
with a giggle. "We gotta go. If you don't hurry you gotta carry me!"

Well that shows she knows about my hard on. Well she has noticed 
before, even touched me. She knows, just ignores it.

I came out of my bathroom through my room to get my back pack then
remembered we left everything at school yesterday.  Yesterday seemed 
like a week removed. She was standing downstairs in her favorite spot.  
The location needed for me to see both her and her reflection in the 
mirror. She was beautiful, breathtakingly so.  Her strawberry blonde 
hair was in a pony tail, the kind that bounces when she walks or moves 
her head. She was a master of ponytail movement.  

"Come on, John," she said with her hands outstretched. I took her
hands in mine and she pulled me close for a kiss.
  
"Lightly now, I just put on my makeup, don't I look delectable?  It
is no surprise you want to eat me all the time!"

"You look ravishing!" I answered punctuated with a kiss to her
lips. She had a mouth that looked as if it was made only for
kissing and for smiling. I am the luckiest guy in the world.

We started walking to school, holding hands, talking, with
many giggles from Jennifer. Several students passed, most honked
and, or waved. She was so popular. One would think that her
being so into herself, everyone would be driven away.  Not so.
All the guys wanted to date her, all the girls envied her. And 
Jennifer just basked in her glory.
 
We went in the pastry shop.

"Hi Mr.Jones." Jennifer said as we entered the bakery. "I want
a pastry and thought of my favorite baker!"  

It was unnecessary to say which one. Mr.Jones was awe struck,
maybe that is Jennifer struck! He managed to get one from under 
the counter without dropping it. She was not next in line. That
mattered not at all to her.
  
"Have you met my boyfriend John." She asked him with a giggle, a
smile, and a toss of her ponytail.
  
"Yes, when he got you a pastry Saturday."

"Yeah, I am buying him one now and a milk. I have to buy the guys 
pastries here, to get them to go out with me!" (g) 

"Yeah, right." I said. Mr.Jones was becoming speechless. Jennifer
did that to guys.

"Bye, Mr.Jones," Jennifer said as she bounced out the door ahead of 
me. I waved over my shoulder at him as I exited close behind Jennifer.

How it makes me feel to be near her is indescribable. I feel like I
am walking on air. My head feels light sometimes. I often have
problems remembering conversations. I smoked marijuana once, the feeling 
was similar to this. We sat down at a table on school grounds and
I had my pastry while talking to and staring into the eyes of the world's
most beautiful Goddess. I would be lucky to remember much of what was said.
Someone walked by behind me and said, "Hi Mr. & Mrs. Jennifer!"

Jennifer giggled.

I was taught that bad news traveled like wildfire and good news traveled 
slow. I would adore the permanent title of, "Mrs. Jennifer", if it meant 
I was married to this Goddess. 




                Naturally Demanding but Nice
               
                   Chapter Fifteen

School went pretty much as expected during first half. I enjoyed
watching Jennifer's dance practices. She was so graceful. I swelled 
up with pride when she was performing. She was captain and I left
with her everytime. It does not get better than that. I was the envy 
of all the guys and I knew it. I heard all kind of remarks about my
dedication to my Goddess. I did not let it bother me in the least.
I knew what I had. I had the very best. I was not going to let any 
of them change that. There was this one guy. He really did not know 
me. He just wanted what I had. He kept telling me.

"Why does an intelligent guy like you take that crap from her. Tell
her to carry her own damn stuff. Keep up what you are doing and you 
will be carrying her purse on your shoulder."  

There was also remarks like,"Yeah she used a guy last year. All 
year he was her slave,just her slave mind you. School was out,she 
went on a cruise that she goes on every summer. She dumped him. The
guy was broken up for a couple months. She did not care one freakin 
bit. He met this chick from across town. She is going to the same 
college he is. They are hitting it off great. She is a lot nicer 
than Jennifer. She plays basketball and don't need doors opened
for her all the time. Give me a girl like that anytime. Tell her to
get lost and get yourself a chick who can take care of herself."

They did not understand. I had the chick I wanted. I loved doing
things for Jennifer and I especially loved the rewards I got for 
doing them.

I heard them all. The best was from Mrs.English. Jennifer had a cow
when I told her about that. The others did not bother her. She would
just giggle. She did not giggle about what Mrs.English said though.
I have never seen her that mad. I have seen her fake being angry at 
me, but that was not for real. That was very real! Her eyes flashed,
her lips became a hard line, her jaw set, and her brows wrinkled.
I must say, she was the most beautiful angry girl I have eber seen.

Right after school started in January, Jennifer had an appointment
and I did not go with her because one of us had to keep up with old 
lady English's English. We barely got A's in the first half. I was 
on the computer in the library doing a paper for her. She walked over
to me. This was after school. The Library was open one hour after 
classes once a week. Anyway, she walked up and said.

"I see you are working late. That is good John. You are an excellent
student and a very nice young man. You are shouldering a big load 
though. Jennifer Abdellaoui is nothing but trouble. She is poisen.
I have been teaching here thirty-two years and I have never seen 
anyone like her. I have known who she was since middle school,
junior high now. She has hurt a lot of guys. Some are still not the 
same. She gets inside a boy's head. Really messes them up. She is 
pretty but she is poison too. I have seen you all around. Some 
student call you the siamese twins. You are the butt of a lot of 
jokes. I feel some of them may be real. She scares me, not for me 
but for the young men she destroys. She is the most --- do you 
want me to stop or go on, John?

"I want you to go on, Mrs.English. I have the utmost respect for you.
I think you are wrong where Jennifer is concerned, but I am listening."

"Shows your maturity son. None of the other guys would listen. Three
came to me afterwards though and told me plenty. I wanted them to press 
charges against her pretty ass. I do not know what could be done though.
She has stepped over the line with you. She is eighteen and you are not
of age. We might nail her on contributing to the delinquency to a minor."

I was stunned. Jennifer said old Mrs.English hated her but I did not
believe her. She was right.

"One of those boys was my nephew. He is not normal now. She did it to 
him. Does she have you do, "Strange kinky stuff", with her.  I know
you do everything for her, but well, there is no other way to ask this.
Has she ever used you for her toilet?"

"My gosh no, Mrs.English. That is awful. No way!"

I got a little to loud on that answer. The librarian looked our way.

Mrs.English's face was red. 

"Well, John, remember what I told you. I would not want to see any more
promising young men ruined by her. She is really evil."

You can not believe how mad Jennifer got. She was really fuming. She
said she only went out with that old hussy's nephew for a few months.
And yes she did use the creep. He wanted her to, begged her to even.
She used him in unmentionable ways. He grossed her out and she dumped
him. She said he was not normal. She was in the eigth grade. He was
a sophomore. He is still a creep. He is on drugs big time. He has been
in detox centers several times since then. He was probably on drugs then.
Jennifer really unloadeed. She has never talked about any of her former 
conquest. She did not try to hide that there had been several and all
were in a mistress/slave relationship of some degree with her.

I started to laugh about it. I quickly knew better. Jennifer has this
look, when she gives it to me, I shut up.

Nothing ever came of it. Mrs.English and I had no more conversations.
Jennifer and I both made straight A's afterward. Both of us believe she
was afraid I would come forward about her conversation with me.

Jennifer did cause me to change my intended field of studies though
I wanted to. I changed my major to physical fitness.  I also enrolled
in the best Cosmotology college in the state. Right in our home town.
The reasons were simple. Proper care of a Goddess. Jennifer wanted
me to gain all the knowledge I could in those fields to better care
for her. Jennifer deserves the very best. I graduated in the top 
ten physical fitness. I was number one in cosmotology school. I
certainly had the best model. Jennifer was so sweet to allow me to 
practice on her. I was, still am, always doing her hair, nails,
make up. I keep her looking like the Goddess she is. I head her PT
program too. She stays in tremendous shape. It is for me. I get all 
the rewards from that. Her endurance is fantastic. She can ride me
for hours now. She keeps me in good shape to. I am in better
physical condition than I ever dreamed I would be. We went hiking
in the mountains on one of the islands we visited while on cruise.
Yes I went with her and her parents on every cruise. I carried her
all the way back. Eight miles. I was so exhausted. She was very 
proud of me. I got her off five times that night too. When I do
something outstanding for Jennifer, she is so excited and needs
the sexual release I can provide for her. I enjoyed every orgasm
as much as she did. I think her ability to make cum improves 
constantly. I am in a position to know too.

Our last football game of the season was memorable too. Jennifer
and her squad was giving the last performance of her high school 
career. She was a little uptight the day before the game. Several 
college scouts would be there to look at her. She already had the 
offer she knew she was going to accept. I tried to tell her it did 
not matter what any of the other scouts thought. That did not go
well. She got more then a little mad at me. She did not let me 
touch her that night. She made me sleep on the floor by her bed.  
She would not even allow me to talk. How could we make up if I 
could not talk. I tried to tell her that. She slapped me the 
hardest I have ever been hit. I would never have believed a sweet 
little thing like Jennifer had so much power. She busted my lip.  
She did not apologize either. She wadded her panties up and cramed 
them in mouth and said, "You had best leave them in there until I 
remove them."

I do not think she cared much for my feelings. I was innocent. I
was only trying to relieve her stress. Of course the way I should
have done it was through total body massage and a very special 
massage on her heavenly spot. If I had brought her to a few orgasms
it would have been a lot better for both of us. After the game, 
several scouts talked to her and wanted her to come to their 
college, she was ok then. I still maintained a low profile while 
making sure I did everything expected of me and more.
 
"It is hard to be mad at someone when they are thinking only of 
you and your pleasure."  She told me when we were making up. 

She is the sweetest person I ever met. So she wants to be the 
center of attention all the time. What is wrong with that. She 
should be, she deserves it. I can in no way, ever do enough for 
her. I try everyday though. Everynight too. I do more for my 
Goddess constantly, because I strive to think of new and 
additional ways to please her. She loves me for that to. The night
we made up, I promised her I would lick her pretty ass for hours.
She giggled. I am still repaying that. I love Jennifer deeply.
I never knew love like hers. I have the very best. I will always 
worship her. 

If I was giving advice to a young man who,like me, was not the school 
stud, the star, and not popular. I would tell him to go after the 
prettest young lady in school. To do things for her. Keep asking her 
to allow him to do stuff for her. Detail her car,you know wash, wax, 
clean the inside, everything spotless,use a toothbrush in the close 
areas etc. Ask to carry her books, gym bag, etc. Even beg her to 
allow you to mow her lawn. Let her know in deeds as well as words 
that you wanted to be her total slave. Be her slave too. Do not pay 
any attention to what anyone else may say about you. Live for her 
pleasure. Offer yourself to her. Let her know very plainly that you 
exist only for her to use in anyway she wanted. Don't whimp out either.
Whatever she does to you, smile and ask for more of the same if it 
gives her pleasure. If you keep striking out after a  month of constant
trying, change girls and start over.  

Be sure you learn how to clean, do laundry, and anything else you are 
contemplating doing as a slave for your Goddess. It is not something 
that you can just do. It has to be done correctly and to perfection.

No lady likes cleaning bathrooms,especially toilets. Let her know
you will do that for her. If you get the chance to clean her personal
toilet,do it lovingly. Let her know you think her toilet is special 
because she sits on it and does stuff in it. Do not be bashfull or 
afraid of ridicule. If you have gotten this far it is a fair bet that 
she is understanding your devotion to her beauty and will be amicable 
to your serving her in more intimate ways in the near future. When you 
get to that point. Don't flinch if the scent is not what you expected 
or the taste is to strong. She will be sensitive about this area anyway.
If you give her any reason to believe the scent and taste is not 
absolutely devine to you and that you look forward to her sharing it 
with you at every opportunity, she will be reluctant to continue to 
share her more intimate moments with you. It is imperative that you 
lick her, and tell her how sweet she is. No matter where you are 
licking. Don't stop until she wants you to, then move on to another
spot that she probaly reguards as unclean. Give it the same treatment.  
Let her know that you adore her scent and love licking her because 
she is special,sweet and very berautiful to you. Assure her that there 
is nothing about her body that could ever be anything but devine and 
always be prepared to back that statement up with action.

If you pursue this relentlessly you will find a Goddess who appreciates 
the things you want to do for her. You can make her special because she 
will be the only girl who has you to provide her with a tongue for 
orgasm after orgasm and ask for nothing but more cum. 

Never make any demands of her. Live totally and completely for her 
pleasure and you will make a true and perfect Goddess to worship forever.




                Naturally Demanding but Nice
               
                    Chapter Sixteen

I am writing this five years after the other chapters you have read.
John and I got married last June after we graduated.  Both of us have
double majors in French & Spanish.  Of course we breezed through the 
classes.  I made the best grades, naturally!  I know the first thing 
you want to know, did John ever actually fuck me?  Is he still fucking
me?  Well ----- not so fast.  There are other things to tell.  My parents 
were furious at first.  They never said much all through high school.  They
never said much when we went to college since it was in our town and
we continued to live at home.  But did the shit hit the fan when WE
told them we were going to get married in June.  We told them that May 1.
We were getting married June 30th.  Things were not so great around there 
for several days.  They gradually came around though.  

I love my parents. I have the greatest parents in the world.  I have always 
had everything I wanted, still do. (g) Dad had a long serious talk with John. 
He could find no fault with him.  He worships me, then and now.  He knows 
what he has.  I smile as I look at myself in the mirror.  I am really beautiful!
 
Mom talked to John too.  Yeah, John got the third degree. Boy he would
never have been able to take that the first year we were together.  Maybe
I will write about those years someday. Anyway, They relented in the end.
I had a beautiful wedding.  Over $60,000 was spent on my wedding!  But hey,  
am I not worth it?  My parents wanted their little girl to be happy.  It 
was beautiful.  John was so nervous.  I was sweet to him and helped him over 
the tough spots.  I am just a really sweet person.  He tells me that all of 
the time. 
 
Did I say we won yard of the month 33 times!  My parents still tell John how 
much they miss him! John is not lazy that is for sure.
  
I went to college on a dance/pom pom scholarship.  It was more the prestige 
of getting it than it was the money.  I made college captain my sophomore year.  
Yeah, first time ever for a sophomore.  I won queen of almost everything during 
those years.  I have had several modeling offers but, no thank you.  My mom did 
that.  I saw to little of her when I was young.  We do not need the money.  We 
are wealthy, we have good jobs and we are together.  I simply do not want to be 
away from John. He can not stand being separated from me.  Yeah, he still does 
everything for me. Everything! And wants it that way.  So do I! (g) Like last 
night, he shaved my underarms, my legs, and did trim work. I can relax while my 
John does those things.  I just move as he request.  I do not remember when he 
nicked me.  I remember it happening though.  He was totally upset.  I did not 
punish him.  I do not hurt him much anymore.  I get no enjoyment from it at all, 
so why do it?  Now of course he gets scratched, and cut with my nails at those 
certain times.  But that is just part of sex.  But I do not roll his skin under 
my nails or bury my nails in his neck.  I remember the last time I went pee in 
his mouth.  It has been a long time.  He was teasing me, he loves to do that.  
He had just came in from a night class that he had to take to stay up with me.  
It had been dismissed because the instructor was sick. I was stretched out on the 
couch watching tv. My  parents had left for Cancun the night before and we were 
alone. He sneaked in the room, grabbed both of my ankles and yelled, RAPE.
  
I kicked, one leg came free.  I rolled off the couch, pushed towards him hard, 
and threw my leg over his head. When my hands hit the floor I gave a hard spring 
forward and both of us went down.  His face was just where it should be!  
When I reconized him I was furious.  He laughted.  He should not have done that.  
I was so mad at him I cried.  The more he tried to make up, the madder I became.  
He tried to wriggle free of the head lock but I would not bulge.
No way could he get free without hurting me, which he would never do.  He kept 
kissing me and running his tongue under my panties.  He was trying his best to 
placate me.  It was not easy but he was succeeding.  I held him tightly and 
reached for the nail file I had been using before my show came on.  I put the 
point of the file in my panties and ripped them.  I had crotchless panties pretty
fast.  I put my hands on his head and pushed to hard on his neck with my nails.
I could see some fear in his eyes.  I did not care, I was mad!  I knew I hurt him.
Well, I felt a little , no, I was sorry.  But I was determind he would not know 
that!

"Slave, you had better do a good job or you will not have a head left!"
  
I did not say that sweetly either and gave a hard pull for emphasis.  He cried
out in pain.  He was no longer used to my hurting him this much. 

He did his usual terrific job of eating me.  If you watch him do that you would
think I am candy, 100% pure sweetness!  He like totally loves my cum.  He tells
me all of the time how sweet it is.  He is always ready to lick the last bit.
Then if I let him, he causes me to make more!  I bet he has averaged going down
on me three times a day since the first time.  That is average!  There is only 
one to three days per month that he does not eat me.  I think he would then if
I wanted him to.  Hey I know he would!  Just as soon as the heavy flow is over, 
John's mouth is on my pussy.  The light stuff does not discourage him at all.
He is really unbelievable.  My mom can not believe it either.  She says she
wished he would teach dad a few things!  John asked me if he could change my 
sanitary things, why not, I let him.  He enjoys the closeness to my pussy and
I do not have to mess with those nasty things.  One perverted thing I enjoyed 
doing to him at home was go in his bathroom and take a big dump when he was
brushing his teeth.  I would do that and giggle. You know what, he never 
complained.  The second time I did that to him, he finished brushing his teeth,
turned to me and asked if he could wipe my pretty little ass.  I was not going
to let him gross me out, no way!  I smiled at him, "Sure John", I said, "with 
tongue or paper"?

He chose paper!  Since then I bet he has wiped me a few hundred times.  He
always kisses my ass afterwards, on the cheeks.  Sometimes he gets really
close to my hole with his kisses.  He truly worships my ass!  If you saw
my ass you would know why.  I love my ass too.  I know how fortunate I am
to be so beautiful.  I see all those ladies less fortunate then me and I
feel sorry for them.  But they get buy I suppose, although I really do
not know how.

Back to my story.  John brought me through three orgasms.  I loved everyone
of them.  He was cleaning up after the third one when I laid it on him.

"John, you scared the shit out of me.  You have had nothing but rewards thus
far, well maybe a little pain. (g)  Now I have to go pee.  I am not through
with you yet, so you are going to be my toilet.  When I am through with you
you will be sorry you scared me like that and then laughted.  That is right
John, you are going to pay, big time!  Laughing at me was your big mistake!"

I started pissing in his mouth.  I looked into his eyes the whole time.  I
kept a smirk on my face to block out any signs of my love for him or how
turned on I was with his pee drinking.  It is such a power trip!  I read a 
story once where a couple doctors invented medicine which enabled a man to be
a full and complete toilet with no shortening of life span.  It is times like 
these when John would not want me to have access to such a medication.  Of 
course the story was not true.  I finished peeing.  John had swallowed
every drop and was licking my pussy.  He is awesome!

"Slave you know I told you you scared the shit out of me?  Well get your mouth
in place and eat all you scared out."

He hesitated even after I released his head.

"Do it now slave, now!"

He did not get his mouth to my ass very quickly.  I felt his tongue in my ass 
hole and knew he was ready.
  
"Just keep your mouth in the ready mode, slave."  I told him as I reached
for the phone.  I dialed.

"Hi Marissa, yeah Jennifer.  Marissa call the rest of the girls and you all
come over to my house.  Yeah now, I need help in teaching John a lesson.  I
have just finished going pee in his mouth, yeah, he drink it all.  I am fixing
to take a big dump and he is going to swallow all of that too.  That does not
bother him nearly enough.  I want all of the dance/pom pom squad to use him
as their toilet.  Well, if he don't keep it down, we will keep using him
until he does, we have all weekend.  I don't want him to be hungry!" (g)

"Ready for that slave, or should I say toilet slave!"

"Please Jennifer."  He mumbled.

"Keep your mouth opened wide, it will come out at any time."

I sat on his face for about fifteen minutes.

"Uhmmm, I wonder what is keeping the squad?"

I picked up the phone and dialed again.  

"Hi Marissa, Jennifer.  Oh you could not find any of them.  Wow, well you and
Scott come over and use him for me.  John is not gay, either, if it makes
you all feel better we will blindfold John and tie him up!  Oh, ok, forget
it."

"They can't come, John, I am not ready to take a dump yet either."

I removed my ass from his face.  He was smiling!

"I know you dialed 555 the second time, you probably did the first time too.
You were not talking to anyone!"  

I giggled.  "Go brush your teeth and meet me in the bedroom, I want to fuck."
I grabbed his thing, it wanted to too!

                                 The End

If this story is to, "Tame", for your taste.  Please read, "Naturally Demanding",
There is nothing "Tame" about it.  It has similar characters but the story is 
much more intense.  You have been warned!  Please leave reviews or at least 
send me an email and say what you did or did not like about my stories. Maybe 
even what you wished the characters had done. 
will be to demanding for all but the most expectant readers.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jim Hale


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





