BDSM Library - Manbri of War




Manbri of War
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In an isolated colony durinbg the Earth-Manbri war, three Manbri sluts are captured and ...
                        By Omega Phallic

                    Manbri: Prisoners of War

     "Sir, we have captured a Manbri warrior" declared Private Steven Haze,
pulling a tied up Manbri woman behind him.

     The human forces had just barely triumphed over a Manbri army on Theta
Prime. It wasn't an important colony, or even an important battle, but victories
for the humans were far and few between, so any victory was a cause for
celebration. Still out of an army 1500, only three had been captured, the rest
had died or melted away into the surrounding hills.

     There in the hills they had bunkers that the human's sensors couldn't
penetrated, they never find the Manbri survivors there, not even with a manned
hunt. That would give the Manbri an opportunity at a guerilla warfare and
General Tomas Hilton would never give the enemy an advantage like that, he'd
sooner die.

     Instead he planned on interrogating his three prisoners. One was from the
warrior caste, she'd been scouting the area after the battle when she'd been
ambushed by his men.

     They also captured one from the Manbri religious caste who'd been observing
the battle for reasons unknown, but the General suspected that she was
representing the concerns of the isolated colonists, who from what the General
knew of them, appeared to be a culturally isolated pocket of Manbri.

     The General was surprised that the Manbri army had bothered to even defend
them, all thou half of the planet side army was made up of local Manbri.

      The last of them was a young local Manbri girl, from the worker caste,
who'd gotten too close to the battle for her own good. From reports it appeared
she had just reached adulthood, no more than 18 in earth years. "Like they say
'curiosity killed the cat'" the General muttered to himself.

     "What was that sir?" his aid asked, not realizing that the General had been
talking to himself.

     "Arrange for the prisoners to be brought to me and make sure the doctor is
with them". The aide nodded to the General and went to work.


     "Kill me now human or die in my place!" growled the Manbri warrior, as she
was pushed into the General's tent. While the Manbri warrior had a stunning face
the first thing General Tomas Hilton noticed was the size of her tits, they were
enormous!

     The General found his mouth at the Manbri's GGG38 tits, his cock growing
hard with the knowledge that she was at his mercy, something his bosses had fail
to supply him with.

     The next Manbri who entered, the worker caste girl, had tits that were a
measly 36FF. Lastly the Mambri from the religious caste entered, who's tits were
the equal of the warriors, a gravity defying pair of GGG38 cup tits.

     The General looked up at his aide, not even having to ask the question on
the tip of his tongue. "Their breast implants indict their status in the colony
sir, the bigger the better, it's one of the reasons their culturally isolated
from the rest of the Manbri, the rest of the Manbri find the practice
repulsive".

     The General nodded his head understandingly. Knowing the importance to the
Manbri of their religious caste, the General decided to start with the religious
one.

     He stood before her. Staring at her massive hooters barely constrained by
her white robes, the material almost translucent, he fantasized about how he was
going to abuse her heavenly orbs. "That is disgusting General and if you think
your going pull my secrets out by pawing and torturing my breasts you are
mistaken indeed" the Manbri warned. The General's eyes shot up to her's,
realizing that this Manbri bitch was a telepath.

     That explained what she was doing on the battle field. Instead of freaking
out about security, he focussed his though on fantasies of gang raping the
Manbri woman, torturing, and violating her in every way imaginable.

     The Manbri woman grabbed her head and dropped to her knees, pleading for
mercy, tears flowing form her eyes as he raped her mind. No one else understood
the change in the Manbri's demeanor as the general used her own telepathy
against her, raping her mind with his dark fantasies.

     Every fantasy flashed in her mind like the edge of a knife and every
fantasy seemed more brutal than the reality could be, but just as vivid, and
nothing she did seemed to keep them out. Desperate to prove she was willing to
do anything she started mouthing off the positions of Manbri bunkers. Seeing
that he cared very little about that information, she realized what he really
wanted. "Please master, stop I'll do anything you wish!" the Manbri sobbed.

     To the others it seemed like the Manbri leader had been broken in the
matter of moments, but the reality was quite different. In the depths of her
mind She'd been stripped naked and raped by the General, she had her tits forced
into boiling hot water, she'd been whipped, milked, beaten, tattooed, branded,
and pissed on, all in a manner of seconds, each second seemed like a thousand
years within her mind.

     When her sanity could handle no more, he stopped. "Do you know your place
cum slut?" the General asked, knowing full well what her answer would be. "I'm
your property master, your playing, I only exist to slate the lusts of you and
your people" the Manbri replied, fearing that disobeying the General would being
on another onslaught of images and sensations.

     The Manbri warrior cursed the Manbri telepath as a traitor and uttered many
a ethnic slur against her caste.

      The General turned his attention to the warrior, who was in the
traditional outfit of a Manbri warrior. The warrior wasn't a telepath so he knew
her couldn't break her like he did the other one, nor would torture be enough, a
Manbri warrior could take awe inspiring damage and pain without giving so much
as her name.

     He had an idea how to brake her though. He turned his attention to the last
Mambri, a beautiful girl in a tight black dress that was laced together,
exposing a lot of her cleavage. He pulled out his combat knife and cut the laces
that kept her tits confined in her dress. As a result her huge tits escaped
their prison, bursting free out her dress to the hungry gaze of the on lookers.
The Manbri girl bit her lip, stifling the urge to cry out in fear. The General
tugged on the Manbri girl's nipples trying to see if he could get a reaction out
of the warrior. The warrior stared at him with a stare that could cut a cruiser.

     "Warrior if you want me to leave this girl alone, tell me your name". When
the warrior failed to comply he twisted hard on the girl's nipples making her
cry out. "My name is Kelyos, now leave the girl alone and pick on someone more
worthy" the warrior growled, her stare like daggers.

     He left the girl alone and return his attention to the warrior. "Ask to be
allowed to expose those whore's tits of your bitch" the General demanded, fully
expecting disobedience. When the warrior just ignored him, he turned to the girl
and asked for her name. "Loplli" she answered fearfully, regretting her
curiosity, which had got her captured. "What is your place now cunt!" the
General demanded. Loplli just looked away, unwilling to say what she knew he
wanted to hear. The General answered by grabbing Loplli's tits in an iron grip,
bring tears to the girl's eyes. He forced her onto her knees at which point she
gave into his wishes.  "I'm your property master, your playing, I only exist to
slate the lusts of you and your people" Loplli said, repeating what she'd heard
the other Manbri say.

     The General let go and looked at Kelyos, looking for a reaction, but the
warrior was stone faced. "Beg me to rub oil on your tits" the General commanded
Loplli, still looking at the warrior for a reaction.

     "Please...Please rub oil on my tits master" Loplli uttered half heartedly.
"Beg with passion bitch and say it to him not me" the General ordered, pointing
at one of the young men who'd escorted the Manbri.

     "Please master, rub oil all over my big bouncing tits..." Loplli pleaded,
looking the soldier right in the eye, cupping her tits in her hands, bouncing
them for his entertainment.

     The soldier looked to the General for his approval, before grabbing a
bottle of a body oil the General had brought to his tent for this occasion. The
soldier popped the cork and poured it onto the Manbri teenagers beautiful tits.

     The Manbri girl felt guilty and cursed herself for getting aroused by her
public humiliation, still she couldn't stifle a gasp as the ugly soldier started
kneading her soft, firm, young, tit flesh. Once her tits glistened in the tents
lamp light, the soldier looked to the General for support to continue.

     "Manbri whore, you are now to beg him to fuck your tits like the whore you
are, beg for his sperm bitch, you might as well get used to it". The Manbri gave
his a furious glare, but feared punishment so she did was she was ordered.
"Please master, stick that huge throbbing cock of your between my pillowy tits,
please let my tits milk you cock dry master..." the Manbri started begging, her
humiliation, and arousal growing as she continued to debase herself in front of
the enemy and her own people.

     Her only comfort was that she wasn't the first to be broken, the telepathic
Manbri's head still hung in shame at her own weakness.

     The soldier fought with himself, stopping himself from just sticking his
dick between the best set of tits he'd even seen in his 30 years of service. His
brother had died at Manbri hands and he wanted to see this Manbri bitch publicly
degrade herself, a reminder that from now on she was just a whore who only use
was her big tits, mouth, cunt, and ass. He'd put this Manbri bitch in her place,
which was at the end of a human cock.

      "...Please master, I promise to lick every last drop of your creamy sperm
off my young tits..." the Manbri continued, more turned on than she'd ever been,
and hating herself for it. When the soldier finally tired of her gravelling,
which was quiet awhile, he had her unzip his pants and pull out his cock, which
was bigger than she'd imagined.

     Loplli was a virgin and unfamiliar with human anatomy and she secretly
wondered if all human's had 10 inch cocks. The soldier wrapped her velvety tits
around his cock and ordered her to continued to beg for it.

     The soldier squeezed her tits hard enough to hurt her, but that just made
her debase herself more.

     While Loplli cursed the cruel humans, her tits had another opinion. Loplli
came, starting in waves from her tits, to encompassed her whole body. Loplli bit
down on her tongue so that her captures wouldn't learn of her shame.

     The soldier did his best to last as long as he could, to maximise Loplli's
humiliation, but eventually, he exploded, his sperm gushing out of his cock, to
hose the Manbri's face, tit, and head bone with sperm.

     "Rip the rest of her clothes off" the General ordered, pulling his own cock
out. He watched in silence as his soldier's stripped the Manbri girl, making
sure to fondle and humiliate her to boot.

     The General than returned his attention to the Manbri telepath, who'd
rebuilt her inner strength. The General cursed himself for not paying attention
and taking advantage while he could.

     She'd have her internal defences up and he'd no longer be able to use her
telepathy against her. He'd only been able to do so in the first place, because
she'd been unprepared for the tactic.

     He'd know to use it because he'd used it to rape his own mother, sister,
and daughter, who where all telepaths.

     Still he had a few tricks up his sleeve. He grabbed the neckline of her
white robe and ripped it right off her, the Manbri's tits burst free of the thin
confining material.

     He than pulled out a box with acupuncture needles in it. Each needle had
hot sauce on it's tip. The Manbri bitch bite her lip as the first one was stuck
into her, but by the twelfth she was begging for mercy and had to be restrained
by two of the general's men. The last two he shoved into her milk ducts.

     The pain was too much and once again she surrendered. When she was forced
on her back she spread her legs as far as she could, sensing what was expected
of her if she wished to avoid more torture.

     The telepath whimpered as the General's cock tore away her cherry. The
General pounded into her virgin cunt making the Manbri's pin cushion tits bounce
erotically.

     The General's climax exploded not only inside her tight cunt, but also
inside her mind. The orgasm was telepathically transmitted to her mind so
strongly that she could tell where his orgasm ended and hers began. He pulled
out his cock, spraying leftover jizz onto her stomach and her 38GGG's.

     When his seemingly never ending flow of sperm stopped, One of his men took
his place between the telepath's legs as another bent her head back to rammed
his cock down her throat.

     Meanwhile the 18 year old Manbri girl's ass was impaled on not one, but two
of the soldier's cocks. Two more were fucking her cunt at the same time, tearing
aside her virginity, while two more fuck her face, two more her hands, and one
more her tits.

     The warrior wasn't left out. A large camel was brought in and she was
forced onto her hands and knees. The horny camel mounted her, stuffing its huge
cock upside the warrior asshole.

     The general spray some chemical's into her mouth as she cursed him and the
camel he "rode in on".

     The chemicals froze her jaw in place so that the General could fuck her
face with out the fear of her teeth.

     She looked up at him with hatred in her eyes as the camel fucked her to
orgasm, its balls slapping up against her clit.

     The General pulled out just in time for his soldiers to see him hose the
beautiful Manbri's face with his salty load. Half of it entered her mouth and he
made her swallow it.

     As the camel filled her with cum up to her bowels, a new beast was brought
in. This one was local to   the planet and it looked like a cross between an
elephant and an orangutang, with a bristly cock. Before she could prepare
herself it ran up to her and rammed its cock into her twat, forced her to bite
her lip or cry out.

     Along the beasts bristles was a hormone simular to the one Manbri use to
cause orgasms. The warrior fought the orgasmic explosion in her cunt as best she
could, but the beasts cock bested her yet again.

     By the end of the of the evening each of the Manbri had been raped by every
man women and beast in the camp. The warrior still held out, refusing to give up
her people, but the telepath was broken enough to give the General the positions
and defences.

     Boy, was the General pissed when he found she'd been faking it the whole
time, not that he lived long enough to worry over long about it, but that's
another story. (+)(+) 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Omega Phallic


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





