BDSM Library - Adventures of Brooke




Adventures of Brooke
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In difficult economic times various employment opportunties arrise...Adventures of Brooke   
By   
Semiater   
 Brooke sat at her desk trying
    to finish off the last of her weekly reports, they were due before the end
    of the day. She wore one of her threadbare dresses, she'd patched the material
    as well as she could but it still showed its wear and age clearly. Brooke
    stood 5'6" and epitomized beauty, she was blonde, long legged, and perfectly
    proportioned with a sweet innocent face. Her hazel eyes made her look like
    a scared little doe at times, she was only 19 and had already had a hard
    life, harder than someone so beautiful should ever have to experience.   
The phone
    on her desk rang, startling Brooke from her work.   
 "Hello." Brooke answered the phone
    with trepidation.   
"Hello,
    Ms. Lewis, could you please come into my office." Brooke's heart started
    beating heavy in her chest when she heard her boss's voice on the line. She'd
    had a bad feeling all week, rumors of layoffs had been circulating the office
    for the last month. She'd heard that two people had been let go in different
    departments that morning, and now her boss was calling for her.   
 Brooke stood on nervous legs and
    walked the 50ft to William Barton's office door. She knocked softly waiting
    for him to call her in. William sat behind his massive cherry desk. Brooke
    had always felt odd in William's presence. He stood just under 6'4" and weighed
    in at nearly 240 lbs, his physique was chiseled and retained the muscular
    form developed playing college football. Brooke felt both intimidated and
    protected in William's presence, his physical bulk both scared her and made
    her feel safe at the same time.   
 "Brooke, please, have a seat." William
    gestured toward the seat in front of his desk. William looked young even
    though Brooke knew he must have been in his early forties. His hair was a
    light red, almost more of a blond, it made him look youthful, even with the
    lines of stress marked out on his face.   
Brooke
    sat in the chair, it had never felt so uncomfortable, or as unwelcoming,
    as it did at that moment. She knew what was coming, though she didn't want
    to believe it was true.   
 "I hate to have to be the one
    to tell you Brooke, you've been a great employee, and if there was anything
    I could do believe me, I would. As you might know the company is going through
    some hard times. The board has dictated a 5% cut across the budget from every
    department." Brooke started balling.   
 "No, no, I can't, I can't&hellip;I've
    got bills, and school, and&hellip;" She was inconsolable even though her
    boss never had a chance to finish his little speech. Brooke's tears mixed
    with begging till she it all seemed to be mere indecipherable babble spouting
    from her mouth. William stood and moved around his desk, bending over her
    he hugged Brooke in his bear like grip.   
 "I'm sorry, there is nothing I
    can do, I had no choice in the matter, HR rules say that the lowest seniority
    person has to be cut. Believe me, if there was anything I could do to keep
    you I would, you've been a great employee." He could feel her body racked
    with spasms in his hold. He held her tight trying to console her. "You will
    get one month severance pay, and health care for 6 months. There is nothing
    more I can do."   
 Brooke stayed in William's office
    for over an hour trying to regain her composure. There was nothing her boss
    could do, she knew it, but it made the truth no easier. She couldn't even
    bear to say good-bye to her coworkers, her shame was too much. It took only
    a matter of minutes before she had her cube packed up and William helped
    her to the door, to a future she didn't have a clue what would be.   
 -----   
 Brooke recoiled from the touch
    of the hot coffee pot bumping her arm. Her breasts ached from being squeezed
    in the too small bra she had to wear. Her breasts were large as it was, but
    working in the dive of a diner her boss had only given her a shirt that must
    have been two sizes too small, her breasts were squeezed tight in the material
    leaving no doubt to the size of her breasts. She looked more like an erotic
    dancer with the massive cleavage visible, instead of what she was, a two
    bit waitress in an awful greasy spoon. Brooke had already had to hold off
    the owner twice when he'd cornered her in the backroom. She had to be careful
    not to bend at the waist otherwise her short skirt would ride up on her thighs
    and flash anybody in sight. She never would have stayed with the job normally,
    but she was desperate. After being laid off she'd had to drop out of night
    school, and without a college degree, with the job market as it was, she
    couldn't find anything at all.   
Brooke
    ignored the customer touching her knee as she took his order.   
 "I'll be there in a minute." Brooke
    screamed toward a man who entered the diner. She nearly dropped the tray
    of food as she slipped on a wet spot on the floor. The place was packed,
    it was a dive, popular after the bars closed, but it also served the local
    office buildings during the day.   
Brooke
    grabbed her notepad and tried to avoid exploring hands as she moved to the
    new customer already seated in the booth.   
 "Our specials are&hellip;" Brooke
    nearly dropped her order pad when she saw her old boss sitting in the booth,
    he was still wearing a suit, but his tie was loosened around the neck and
    he looked haggard.   
 "Brooke Lewis, I can't believe
    that's you." Brooke blushed and tried to cover the deep V of her cleavage. "How
    are things?"   
 "Not so good, I can't find any
    good jobs, I can't&hellip;" Brooke hesitated, she didn't want to burden William
    with her problems. It wasn't his fault she was out of a job.   
"Can
    I take your order?"   
 "Yeah, yeah, sorry, I just got
    out of the office, it's really a mess, its probably better you're gone, its
    really rott&hellip;" William cut his dialogue short, knowing he'd probably
    gone too far trying to make her feel better. "I'll have the special: Scrambled,
    sausage and white toast." Brooke scratched out the order on her pad.   
 "It'll just be a few minutes." Brooke
    sulked away, humiliated that William had seen her like this. A few other
    people from the office had come in, but most didn't recognize her in the
    awful outfit, it was better that way.   
 Brooke didn't speak at all as
    she set down William's breakfast and walked to the kitchen, it was 2 o' clock
    in the morning and all Brooke wanted to do was go home and die.   
 "Can I get you anything else." Brooke
    kept her eyes focused on the dirty plates too ashamed to look into William's
    face.   
 "No, I'm fine, thank you." Brooke
    ripped the top sheet of paper from her pad and set it down on the table.
    She started moving away.   
 "Brooke, wait. William took his
    wallet out of his jacket pocket and set down a $50 bill. Brooke's face went
    bright red, but she took the money. She tried to scurry away but William
    handed her his card.   
 "This is my cell number, give
    me a call, I might be able to set you up with a job at a club I'm a member
    of. It pays a lot, but&mdash;" Brooke smiled for the first time since William
    had entered the diner.   
 "That would be great, I really
    don't want to waitress but&hellip;"   
 "Calm down, don't get too excited,
    it's not exactly waitressing exactly, it's&hellip;well, give me a call tomorrow
    and we'll get together and talk about it more. I'll explain it all in detail
    then." William got up and headed out of the diner. Brooke wanted to run after
    him and beg him to tell her now about the job but she picked up the dirty
    plates and walked dejectedly to the kitchen. She stuffed the $50 bill in
    her bra and readied herself for the next 6 hours of work.   
 Brooke couldn't sleep when she
    got home. She'd had a hard enough time adjusting to the graveyard shift as
    it was, but with William's prospect of a better job for her there was no
    way she could get to sleep. She held off as long as she could before calling
    him the next day, she caught him just as he was leaving for lunch. Brooke
    could barely get the words out when he finally picked up the line.   
 "Hello, Mr. Barton, this is Brooke,
    Brooke Lewis, you told me to call you," Brooke hesitated about mentioning
    the job, perhaps she'd been dreaming, "about a job, at your club?" William
    was silent, Brooke felt her stomach tense, maybe it was all a dream.   
 "Meet me tonight at O'Tooles,
    at 9, do you know it? It's down by the river." Brooke knew where the bar
    was, but she'd never been there, she'd been told it was a rather sketchy
    place.   
 "Yes, I know where it's at, can
    you tell me a little about the job, I really&mdash;"   
 "Meet me tonight, we'll have to
    discuss it in person." William hung up the phone. Brooke held the handset
    to her ear hoping he'd say something reassuring but the line was dead.   
 -----   
 William was sitting at the back
    of the bar when she walked in. Brooke's ears burned as they always did when
    she felt like people were watching her. She could sense the eyes on her as
    she stumbled over the rickety floorboards toward where William sat in a dark
    booth against the wall. Brooke had worn her nicest skirt and blouse, she
    was completely out of place with the clientele, latex and leather were much
    more the nature of the place. William wore a fine wool suit but seemed perfectly
    at ease in the run down bar. As she approached the table Brooke thought William
    looked like in control of the whole place, he looked dominant.   
 "Hi." Brooke nervously greeted
    William.   
 "Have a seat Brooke." Brooke's
    thighs slid across the black vinyl of the seat.   
 "Thanks so much for telling me
    about this job, I really&mdash;"   
 "Calm down Brooke. I have to explain
    some about this job before we go any further." William fumbled with the napkin
    under his drink.   
 "Can I get you anything to drink?" Brooke
    thought he looked nervous, not much, but she thought he looked the slightest
    bit uncomfortable.   
 "No, I'm fine."   
 "I wouldn't bring this job up
    at all, but I know you're going through hard times and need the money."   
 "No, please, anything would be&mdash;" William
    cut Brooke off with a nod.   
 "I'd appreciate if you don't mention
    anything about this to anybody, for my sake, I need to be concerned about
    appearances, with the company, and, well, with my wife and family&hellip;" Brooke
    felt a mounting sense of unease come over her. William ripped at the napkin
    in his hand not looking at Brooke.   
 "There is this club I belong to,
    I don't know if you're familiar with Bondage and S&amp;M." Brooke let out
    a gasp of shock. She pressed back into the booth unconsciously. William continued
    to look at his hands.   
 "The club is always in need of
    new girls, beautiful, fresh girls like you&hellip;"   
 "I can't, I can't!" Brooke pulled
    her jacket over her shoulders and started to get up. "I really appreciate
    your trying to help me, but&hellip;" Brooke didn't know how to respond, her
    face was bright red and she couldn't speak. Just as she was about to leave
    William grabbed for her arm and gently stopped her.   
 "I'm sorry, it was wrong of me
    to bring it up. I didn't mean to imply anything, it's just that I was worried
    about you and your money problems. Girls at the club can make a LOT of money." Brooke
    slid out of William's grasp.   
 "I really appreciate your thoughts,
    but I just can't&hellip;" Brooke headed toward the door. She couldn't breathe
    in the smoke filled club. Her head was pounding, her heart was racing like
    she'd just run a marathon.   
 -----   
 Brooke took a huge swig of mouthwash,
    she let it sit in her mouth and then spat it out a few moments later. She'd
    gone through the whole bottle and still she couldn't get the taste out of
    her mouth. The diner owner threatened to fire her if she didn't give him
    a blow job. He'd driven her to the park by the river and made her go down
    on him while he stroked her hair. She thought she'd gag the way he forced
    her head down over his member.   
 Brooke climbed in the shower and
    let the warm water fall down over her body. Her breasts were still marked
    red from where the tight uniform pressed into her soft flesh. She'd put out
    at least 200 resumes over the months since she'd been laid off, but nothing
    had come of it. Without the college degree she couldn't get anything, the
    economy was tough, and without a job she couldn't pay to go back to school
    to get the degree, it was a horrible catch-22 and she was trapped.   
Brooke
    dried herself with the moth eaten towel and thought about calling William.   
 Brooke's fingers would barely
    work as she pulled William's card from her wallet. Even though she'd told
    him no at their first meeting she'd never thrown away his card.   
 "Hello, Mr. Barton, this is Brooke
    Lewis, if it's still open, I'd like to try that job at your club." Brooke
    could barely choke out the words. She didn't even know what Bondage or S&amp;M
    was really, other than a gut reaction idea about pain and leather. Her mouth
    was dry waiting for William to say something, after what seemed like minutes
    he finally spoke.   
 "Okay, I'll set up an interview
    with the club manager. It shouldn't be a problem for me to get you in, I'm
    on the board of directors, though I would like to meet with you beforehand
    to discuss a little about the club.   
 "Yes sir." Brooke knew she didn't
    have any other choice.   
 Brooke showed up at the bar again,
    this time she'd worn what amounted to her slutiest outfit, though it wasn't
    much on the risqu&eacute; side for the place. Her blouse was a low cut V,
    and her skirt just came to her knees. William was waiting in the same booth
    as before for her.   
 "Hello Brooke." She couldn't look
    him in the eyes as she slid into the dark corner.   
 "I guess I should tell you a little
    about the club. It's not a place you would have heard of, we don't advertise,
    it's very exclusive, and discretion is of primary importance, you must understand
    that now before anything. Even if you decide not to work in the club you
    must never speak of it. Do you understand?"   
 "Yes."   
 "Good." Brooke crossed her arms
    over her chest wishing she'd worn something else. "You could make a lot of
    money working at the club Brooke, you could probably work as a waitress in
    the bar. You'd make more than you make now, or when you did at the company.
    You'd be naked of course, or in leather, there might be occasional whippings,
    you'd make a good deal of money wairtressing, though not as much as you would
    if you decided to become an Associate." Brooke looked at her hands. Her ears
    were burning, she could feel the butterflies in her stomach.   
 "If you decided to work as an
    Associate the schedule is quite nice, 24 hours on, 24 hours off, working
    only three days a week. And the money&hellip;"   
 I don't know, it's just so&mdash;" Brooke
    looked William in the eyes and blushed, he didn't seem to react in the slightest.   
 "You don't have a boyfriend, do
    you Brooke?" It was always a delicate question, one she'd dreaded answering,
    as beautiful as she was people could never understand how she didn't have
    anybody in her life.   
 "If you decide to work at the
    club you could think of the time as an exploration period, you could learn
    a great deal about yourself." Brooke pushed her nail into her cuticle.   
 "I don't mean to put undo pressure
    on you Brooke, I haven't told you much about the club but I did have to pull
    strings to set you up with an interview. There is a long waiting list of
    girls who want to give themselves to the club and well, it is only as a favor
    to me that your process is moving along so quickly. I don't want to hurry
    you, but when I introduce you to Nathan--he is the manager of the club&mdash;he
    will push you to decide quickly. Are you prepared to do so?" William took
    a sip of his drink. "Would you still like to meet him?" Brooke pushed her
    nail into her finger almost to the point of drawing blood.   
 "The money is good, more than
    you could make elsewhere. You would be doing some rather extreme fetish,
    but it is safe, and controlled&hellip;" Brooke didn't even hear William's
    words anymore. Her heart was pounding, when William reached out and touched
    her hand she nearly jumped from her seat.   
 William could barely hear Brooke
    respond but he knew she'd said "Yes". He paid the bill and helped Brooke
    to his car. He'd driven his big SUV with the dark tinted windows. Brooke
    was silent in the passenger seat as they drove away from the bar.   
William
    pulled into a deserted industrial complex a few moments later and turned
    off the engine.   
 "I will have to blindfold you,
    the club's whereabouts must, and will, remain secret to you, even if you
    do decide to work there." William pulled a black silk cloth from his jacket
    pocket and gently wrapped it around Brooke's head.   
 "Please lean forward." Brooke
    bent at the waist. She felt the metal cuffs close around her wrists. She
    swallowed loudly as the mechanisms locked shut around her arm. Brooke felt
    William's hands at her shoulders pushing her to the floor of the front seat.   
 "Just relax, we'll be there in
    a short while." The truck started up and was on its way. Brooke lost track
    of how much time passed, her thoughts were too occupied with what might come
    next. Her head was pounding, she wanted to say something to William but she
    didn't know what, he just hummed quietly along with the music on the radio.
    Brooke was surprised when the truck came to a halt and the engine was turned
    off, it seemed too soon, she wasn't ready, she didn't move. William got out
    of the driver's side and then opened the passenger door. She felt his arms
    up under her shoulders helping her out of the high truck.   
 "We're here." William led her
    by the elbow through passage after passage till she was finally set down
    on a smooth leather chair.   
 "Lean forward." When Brooke bent
    at the waist she heard the keys in the locks of the cuffs. She shook the
    hair out of her face after the blindfold was removed. The room was gorgeous,
    meticulously carved walnut covered every surface. Floor to ceiling shelves
    were filled with innumerable books, some looked new with colorful dust jackets,
    while others were gilt leather of every shade. Brooke was seated in a deep
    burgundy leather chair situated before a massive oak desk. William sat down
    in the chair to her right. Brooke didn't notice the man that stood behind
    her watching her every move till he spoke.   
 "Hello Ms. Lewis." Brooke twisted
    violently to see the man moving toward her from behind. He extended his hand
    and introduced himself.   
 "I'm Nathan Saville, the manager
    and director of the club, I trust you had a pleasant trip?" Brooke's hands
    were clammy as she sweated nervously.   
 "Hello." Brooke stuttered out
    the word, her eyes were fixed on the man who moved behind the huge desk.   
 "I'm very glad to meet you Ms.
    Lewis, may I call you Brooke?" Nathan sat in the large chair and picked a
    piece of paper from the desk, he studied it intently.   
 "Yes, please, just call me Brooke." She
    watched him with rapt attention, studying him as he studied her. Nathan looked
    to be just under 6' tall. He looked like a runner. His frame was very thin
    with square shoulders. He wore a finely tailored gray suit. He had small
    round gold framed glasses that gave him a very intellectual, or academic,
    air.   
 "I understand from Bill that you're
    interested in working for us."   
 "Well, yes, the money sounds good&hellip;" Brooke
    was hesitant.   
 "Has he explained to you what
    the club is?" Brooke wrung her hands together.   
 "Yes, kind of&hellip;"   
 "The club is rather hard to explain,
    I would like to show you around a little to give you a better sense of what
    we do here." An uneasy silence filled the room.   
 "First I'd like to tell you a
    little about pay since you seem to be primarily interested in that." Nathan
    set down the sheet of paper and locked his eyes on Brooke. "There are two
    jobs, either working as a waitress in our bars and lounges, or as one of
    the full Associates. A waitress's salary starts at $50K for a one year contract.
    You would be expected to serve drinks, and given the nature of the club,
    you may be whipped or used by the patrons for occasional light duty. You
    may be bound, and most certainly you will be naked." Brooke blushed, her
    eyes locked on the lions head carved into the foot of the desk.   
 "As an Associate you would be
    available for full use by the patrons, that includes complete sexual use
    and some rather extreme fetish and BDSM, acts. As a full Associate you would
    work a 24 hour on, 24 hour off schedule for a 3 day work week. The starting
    pay for a full Associate is $100K for a one year contract." Nathan picked
    up the sheet of paper again and seemed to be analyzing it.   
 "On the surface you may think
    that waitress position pays more relative to what would be expected of you
    as a full Associate? In terms of salary that is quite true, but the difference
    in earning power is in potential bonuses. A full Associate may earn up to
    $30K per month in bonuses here at the club&mdash;if not more&mdash;while
    a waitress would be lucky to earn $5000 during a great month. In fact many
    girls who start off as waitresses switch to Associates very soon after they
    start." Nathan set the piece of paper on the desk again, Brooke wondered
    what it said.   
 "I understand you've had some
    serious financial problems of late." Nathan took off his glasses, he bit
    down on the ear-piece and looked over Brooke's body. "You could make a great
    deal of money as a full Associate." Brooke shuddered, she still didn't know
    what any of it was all about but the money they were talking about made the
    decision easier and easier to contemplate.   
 "Both positions are on a contract
    basis. Initially all contracts are for a one year term. You will receive
    a $10K bonus on the 31  st   day
    of employment at the club. On the 30  th   day
    there is an escape clause should you find the work is not for you, but if
    you choose to take the escape you will get no bonus at all." Brooke looked
    at William, he stared at her but gave no indication of what he was thinking.   
 "I should mention the penalties
    for poor performance. Customer service is of prime importance to myself,
    and the members of the club, while you may earn bonuses for pleasing the
    patrons you may also earn punishments if your behavior is found to be unacceptable.
    Punishments will be doled out according to the seriousness of the issue." Nathan
    smirked, it was off putting to Brooke, she felt the burning in her belly
    as her face went flush.   
 "Would you like to look around
    my dear and see what we do here?"   
 "Y&mdash;y&mdash;yes." Nathan
    stood up and moved back around the desk.   
 "Would you please stand up." Brooke
    got to her feet, Nathan was standing only inches in front of her, he ran
    his hand down the side of her cheek.   
 "I need you to remove your clothes." Brooke's
    eyes went wide.   
 "What, I&hellip;"   
 "I must see your body, and also
    it will let me see how you react to being naked in public." Brooke held her
    arms tight to her chest almost hugging herself for security. Brooke tried
    to look to William for support but he was impassive.   
 "Brooke," Nathan cupped her chin
    gently, "there is a reason we pay so much here." Brooke slowly uncrossed
    her arms and started with the buttons on her blouse. One by one she released
    the small clasps allowing her shirt to spread wider and wider. Reaching behind
    her back she slowly undid the button of her skirt and then lowered the zipper
    letting the fabric to fall to the floor around her ankles. Brooke felt her
    skin go cold as she knew the eyes of William and Nathan were on her. She
    opened her blouse and let the material slide off her shoulder's, it fell
    to the floor on top of her skirt. Brooke could feel her nipples go hard,
    she hesitated for a moment hoping she'd stripped enough, but when she heard
    Nathan clear his throat she knew she would be allowed no modesty. Brooke
    removed the clasp on her bra and let the shimmering lace join her blouse
    and skirt on the carpet, it seemed like time had stopped, every sound was
    magnified. Brooke slid her fingers under the elastic of her panties, closing
    her eyes she worked the lace down over her long legs, she tried to cover
    her sex with her hands, she felt embarrassed as William and Nathan saw her
    recently shaved mound.   
 "Move your hands away please." Brooke's
    hands shook as she exposed her sex.   
 "Look at me." Small tears trailed
    down Brooke's cheeks as she looked at Nathan.   
 "You have a very nice body, you
    shouldn't be embarrassed showing it off. Please put your hands behind your
    back." Brooke's shoulders twitched as she moved her hands to the small of
    her back. William--her former boss--moved behind her and she felt the cold
    steel of cuffs lock onto her wrists again. Nathan pressed close to her chest
    and she felt his hand rub the smooth surface of her sex.   
 "Nice touch." Brooke could feel
    his hand move over the smooth surface. "Please open your mouth." Brooke whimpered
    softly as she spread her jaws wide. Nathan took from his pocket a bright
    red ball gag and pushed it between her teeth, he then locked the leather
    strap behind her head. Brooke swung her head side to side shocked by the
    intrusion in her mouth.   
 "Calm down." Brooke could feel
    her heart beating wildly, William patted her on the shoulder trying to calm
    her.   
 "Shall we visit the bar first?" Nathan
    started toward the door, with his hand at her elbow William directed her
    toward the door. Brooke could feel the tightness in her belly as she took
    quick breaths through her nose. William let go of her arm and she followed
    silently along down the softly lit hall. Brass fittings sparkled in the dim
    light, carved wood panels and exquisite oil paintings lined the halls. Brooke's
    throat was dry, her jaws ached already from being spread wide by the gag.
    She could hear the sound of music grow as they approached the door at the
    end of the hall.   
Brooke
    held her breath as Nathan opened the door with the swipe of an electronic
    key card, she couldn't make out much in the dark bar as the door swung open.   
Small
    intimate booths lined the walls, behind the bar huge gleaming mirrors reflected
    the alcohol bottles piled high in orderly rows. A girl quickly moved to the
    three new entrants, she was naked except for a black leather thong a stainless
    steel ring around her ankle, there was a thick collar around her neck.   
"May
    I get you a table sirs'?" The girl's body shuddered and she started to moan.
    Brooke could see the girl's thigh's convulse as she tried to stay focused
    on the new entrants, she was poised on heels that seemed impossibly high. "Would
    you like a&hellip;a booth&hellip;or a&hellip;", she could barely eke out
    the words. Brooke could hear a loud buzzing.   
Nathan
    grabbed for a small tag dangling from the girl's collar. "No 720, I'm just
    showing around one of our potential Associates, tell her how you like working
    here?" The girl shifted her weight from leg to leg, the buzzing seemed to
    grow louder.   
"It's
    wonderful&hellip;ehh, it's&hellip;" the girl's eyes rolled back in her head. "I've
    never made so much money and&hellip;" she couldn't finish the thought. Brooke
    watched as the girl's body shuddered, every muscle seemed to twitch violently,
    then the buzzing stopped. The girl slowly recovered her composure, she was
    still panting softly when Nathan told her she could go away.   
"Thank
    you master." The girl turned and shuffled away. Brooke could see the stripes
    cutting across her back and thighs. Nathan turned and spoke to Brooke.   
"All
    girls here at the club are assigned numbers that they are identified by.
    The numbers allow the patrons to request girls and they also facilitate accounting
    and security procedures.   
Brooke
    could hear moaning coming from the booth to her right. At first she didn't
    see where the noise was coming from, then she caught the sight of blonde
    hair moving up and down between a man's legs.   
"Shall
    we continue the tour?" Brooke blushed as she turned away from the man getting
    a blow job. She followed along silently behind William and Nathan, her nipples
    were hard, she could feel the eyes of the men around the bar on her naked
    body. She desperately wanted to cover herself but there was nothing she could
    do with her hands cuffed. As they walked through the bar Brooke saw another
    waitress standing at attention, this one has her arms pulled behind her back
    with her wrists pulled together so her palms touched the opposite elbow.
    The girl's forearms were strapped together and she was gagged. The leather
    straps cut across her face making her cheeks are hollow as her jaw was spread
    wide. The girl's nipples were pulled taut as clips were attached to the sensitive
    buds, thin wires ran from the clips to a serving tray looped over her leather
    thong.   
"Drink's
    are ready!" Brooke jumped as the bartender called out from behind the heavy
    wood bar. The girl with the tray turned and bent at the knees as the bartender
    placed drinks carefully on the tray. The girl groaned as the added weight
    tugged on hard on her nipples. With obvious care she started across the floor
    past Brooke. Nathan reached out and grabbed the girl's shoulder.   
"I would
    like to speak to you after you've delivered your drinks." The girl grunted
    in response as Nathan let go of her shoulder. Brooke watched wide-eyed as
    the girl walked to one of the booths, four men sat in the dark alcove. Brooke
    watched as the girl bent at the knees and set the edge of the tray on the
    table. Her body started shaking as a loud buzzing hummed across the room
    to where Brooke stood watching. The four men were in no hurry to take their
    drinks, casually they watched as the girl struggled to maintain balance and
    not spill any of the drinks. Only when the men had finished tormenting the
    girl did she stand upright and move gingerly towards Nathan. The girl moved
    with eyes downcast as the buzzing grew louder as she moved closer. When she
    was directly in front of Nathan he reached behind her head and unclipped
    the harness holding in the gag. Brooke gulped as Nathan pulled a large penis
    gag from the girl's mouth with a slurping sound. She was pumping and gyrating
    her hips as the buzzing continued to grow louder and louder.   
"Brooke
    here is considering joining our team," Nathan reached for the tag at the
    girl's collar, "#931, please tell her why you are bound as you are." The
    girl looked at the floor, her hips still moved in swirling motions as she
    started to speak.   
"Sir,
    I was late for work, I missed my appointed pick up time and now I am being
    punished." The girl choked out the words.   
"Do you
    feel that the punishment was out of line?" The girl moaned and moved her
    hips in wide arcs.   
"No sir,
    I was&hellip;aahhhhh&hellip;I was&hellip;I was at fault, the punishment was
    deserved, ahhhh." Brooke could see the trails of liquid run down the inside
    of the girl's thighs.   
"Thank
    you #931." Nathan lifted the saliva coated penis gag toward her mouth, the
    girl opened her jaws to allow the gag to be put in without a fight, the loud
    buzzing went silent and the girl's hips stopped moving.   
"You
    may go back to your duties #931." The girl nodded and walked cautiously to
    the end of the bar. Nathan turned to Brooke and looked her in the eyes.   
"You
    may have wondered what the buzzing you heard was?" Brooke shook her head
    softly. "Our waitresses, and sometimes our Associates, wear specially fitted
    thongs, these thongs are equipped with vibrating dildos and clit stimulators." Nathan
    pulled a small black remote out of his pocket, it almost looked like a pager. "When
    a girl fitted with one of these thongs approaches a member, that man may
    activate the vibrators. He may control the speed and intensity of the vibrations,
    each member, or guest, is given one of these remotes, and as an employee
    of the club you will be required to perform your duties in spite of any arousal
    you might feel, that is, if you choose to accept a job here." Brooke didn't
    respond. She was so shocked she'd almost forgot about her nakedness, that
    was till another man stepped toward where she stood, the man reached out
    to shake Nathan's hand as Brooke blushed a deep red.   
"Hello
    Nathan, Martin Peterson, how is business?" Brooke recognized the man's name
    instantly, though she couldn't' recall why, she wasn't sure, but she thought
    he was a city councilman, or maybe school board member. Brooke turned her
    face away from the men, she could feel the shame race through her, she could
    feel the man's eyes move over her naked body.   
"I'd
    like to take this one down into the dungeons, is she available or are you
    using her today?" Brooke shuddered when she realized he was talking about
    her. The hair on the back of her neck stood and she felt like her stomach
    would explode.   
"I'm
    afraid she'd not available, at least not yet&hellip;" Nathan paused, his
    eyes moved over Brooke's luscious body, "actually I'm showing her around
    now to see if she'd like to work in the club." Martin reached out to touch
    Brooke, she stumbled backward as the tips of his fingers grazed the hard
    points of her nipples.   
"Well,
    if you decide to work here I'll definitely throw some business your way." With
    exquisite grace he dropped his hand to his side with little acknowledgement
    of Brooke's rebuff. Across the bar he spotted another girl, she wore a long
    shimmering evening gown. Martin extended his hand to Nathan. "It was nice
    to see you again, I think I've found a replacement." He nodded knowingly
    at Nathan and looked toward the girl across the bar.   
Brooke
    watched in total astonishment as Martin moved away from them toward the girl,
    the pair barely spoke for a minute before they started walking arm and arm
    out of the bar.   
"Making
    members happy is the priority of the club." Brooke was shocked back into
    the moment as Nathan spoke. He grabbed her by the elbow and started leading
    her toward the main entrance of the bar. The three moved in silence down
    another ornately decorated hall. The incongruity that she felt still having
    on her shoes and socks while walking undressed made her feel all the more
    naked.   
They
    passed through two massive oak doors into what looked like a lounge. Girls
    in fine dresses sat among leather chairs, some whispered quietly to one another
    while their eyes all watched Nathan move into the room. A few men sat among
    the girls, some talking, some reading the many books that filled shelves
    lining the walls. The lighting was soft, Brooke spied a naked girl huddled
    in the corner, she wore a black thong and held a tray ready to supply drinks
    to any member who wanted. Nathan turned to look at Brooke while letting go
    of her elbow.   
"This
    is one of the areas where members choose girls they'd like to be with, other
    members may prefer the bar, and others choose girls at the pool, which I
    will show you shortly." Brooke couldn't bear to look Nathan in the eyes. "There
    are also the caged girls in the dungeon." At the opposite end of the room
    another pair of doors opened and two men passed into the lounge. Four or
    five girls from around the room got to their feet and formed an orderly line
    before the newly entered men. The girls stood in silence as the men looked
    them over, touching them at will and exposing their breasts and sex by lifting
    the girl's dresses. All the girls wore leather collars around their necks
    with shiny silver tags. Brooke saw the brushed metal bracelets that were
    locked around the left ankle of each of the girls'.   
One of
    the two men clipped a chain to a girl's neck collar and tugged her out of
    line, she followed without complaint as he pulled her softly behind him.
    The other man waved the assembled girls away and headed past them toward
    the bar. The dismissed girls' filtered back to their seats quietly.   
"Shall
    we visit the pool first, and then head down into the dungeons?" Brooke felt
    a jolt through her system. The word dungeon, she couldn't fathom the concept,
    she couldn't imagine any of it really, the whole idea of the club still seemed
    so surreal.   
Brooke
    followed silently along behind Nathan as he moved down yet another hall.
    As they neared the end of the passage Brooke could hear sounds of a pool,
    she could hear giggling girls and splashing water. When Nathan opened the
    door they entered a massive chamber, the pool was huge. Across a large swath
    of water was an indoor beach with sand and palms, around the pool were innumerable
    beach chairs and small cabanas. Bikini clad girl's frolicked in shallow water
    while others lay on the sand or playing topless volleyball nearby. Brooke
    watched as one gorgeous little Asian girl was led into a cabana by an overweight
    man in a Speedo.   
The girls
    around the pool--like in all other areas of the club she'd seen--were young.
    Brooke didn't think any of them looked much older than her, perhaps 25 being
    the oldest. All the girls were of phenomenal beauty. A few of the girl's
    looked over at her and Nathan near the entrance of the pool, but none stared
    for long.   
"This
    is our pool, there is a gym too." Nathan pointed toward a large stretch of
    windows along one wall. Brooke could see a few men working out behind the
    glass. "Shall we head into the dungeons now?" Brooke's whole body started
    trembling. Never before had she ever considered BDSM, now she was on the
    threshold of becoming an active player, it wasn't so much that she was afraid
    of being thought weird or found out, she had little in the way of close friends,
    and of family, she had even less, perhaps a few distant cousins but that
    was it. Both her parents had been only children and died of lung cancer before
    she'd turned 20. Their early deaths and the medical bills they'd racked up
    had in part forced Brooke into the position she was in now, selling herself
    to a BDSM club. She had too many bills and no prospect of getting a good
    job without finishing her college degree, which of course she couldn't afford
    to do&hellip;it was a huge catch-22, and she didn't see any other way out.   
Nathan
    took hold of Brooke's elbow and led her out of the pool, though she still
    felt completely ashamed she was starting to get used to being naked in public.
    Nathan stopped her before an elevator door, the heavily grained wood doors
    opened without needing to be called.   
Brooke
    felt her knees shake as the car began descending.   
"This
    is really what our members come for, the dungeons." Brooke stared straight
    ahead as Nathan spoke. "We have a wide assortment of theme rooms for their
    pleasure." To Brooke it seemed as though Nathan had emphasized the word "their",
    the butterflies ran rampant in her stomach. "We also have rooms upstairs,
    a hotel of sorts, but our members primarily come to use girls in the dungeons." Almost
    on cue the car came to a halt and the doors of the elevator opened. It was
    immediately obvious that the atmosphere in the dungeon was different from
    where they'd just come. Instead of fine carved wood and brass fittings the
    dungeon was formed of cut stone, the air was moist, and humid, rudimentary
    lights barely lit the cavernous hall that opened before them. Brooke felt
    her stomach churn, she wanted to turn and run, but Nathan and William led
    her on toward a pair of steel doors at the end of the passage. The sound
    of footsteps echoing off the cool stone only served to intensify the foreboding
    Brooke felt.   
Nathan
    pushed a key card into the illuminated pad to the right of the door. The
    locking mechanism disengaged and the huge doors swung open. A new sensation
    hit Brooke immediately, it took an instant for her to recognize what it was,
    but when she did her body went numb. What she recognized was the smell of
    bodies, of sweat, and of sex. Shock turned to horror when Brooke saw the
    caged girls in the room, they were all naked, some were gagged, some knelt
    in cages no bigger than that which would house a dog, other's were in narrow
    steel frames. Brooke saw all the girls' eyes locked upon her, she didn't
    see anger in them, it was more as if they were sizing her and her companions
    up. Brooke nearly jumped out of her skin when Nathan started speaking.   
"Some
    of our guests prefer to choose their girls' from cages." Nathan spoke matter
    of factly as if he was talking about picking food from a supermarket shelf.
    Brooke had barely time to look at all the caged girls before Nathan moved
    her forward through the chamber, they paused before a closed door where Nathan
    swiped his card again, the lock clicked and they pushed forward. William
    took hold of Brooke's elbow and pushed her into the dark narrow passage,
    she felt claustrophobic when the door slammed and locked behind them, Brooke
    couldn't see more than a foot or two in front of her as Nathan started speaking.   
"From
    these passages we can observe the different rooms of the dungeon. We monitor
    the activities of all members and girls' for security." The passage turned
    to the right. The hallway was dark and barely lit, most of the light came
    through huge glass panels on the right side of the narrow hallway. Brooke
    gasped when she looked through the first huge pane of glass, though she could
    barely believe what she saw. A girl was in the middle of the room, she was
    bent forward at the waist, her wrist's were pulled high in the air behind
    her back. The girl's pendulous breasts swayed beneath her model like body,
    her legs were spread wide and locked to the floor with steel chains. Gleaming
    copper cable trailed from metal clips biting down on the delicate buds of
    her nipples. The girl's body dripped with sweat. The room was decorated to
    look like a tropical jungle, huge palm leaves funneled rain that fell in
    a mist from the ceiling to the ground. Brooke saw more evil looking clips
    pinching the skin of the girl's labia between their teeth. The copper cable
    that fell from both the girl's nipples and labia ran together to a box set
    on a wooden table. The girl's head was turned to look at a man sitting with
    his hand resting on the box. The girl's hair was stringy with sweat and fell
    off her head in clumps.   
Suddenly
    the girl's body jerked in a violent convulsion, her back arched and her stomach
    went hard. Brooke could see the girl was screaming, spittle shot from her
    open mouth across the room and sprayed the glass. Nathan pushed a button
    next to the huge window and the girl's screams shattered the silence of the
    small passage.   
The girl's
    body slumped in her bonds when the current was turned off. Brooke could see
    the strain in her upper arms as her weight hung from the cold steel locked
    around her wrists.   
"This
    is one of our jungle rooms, many of our guests like to think they're interrogating
    prisoners. If you look in the corner," Nathan pointed to the far wall in
    the room, "there is a whipping post, there is also a steel isolation box
    among other things. We have two rooms like this, they can be thought of as
    either Latin American rainforests or Asian jungles. We have a bamboo cage
    that can be brought in if the guest would like." The man in the room stood
    and dropped his pants. His cock was already hard and he thrust into the bent
    over girl without foreplay. Nathan pushed the button next to the glass and
    the sound of slapping flesh went silent.   
"Shall
    we head on to the next room?" Brooke could barely feel her legs.   
They
    moved forward to the next large pane of glass. This time the stage looked
    archaic, like something out of Arthurian legend, the room looked like a medieval
    dungeon. There were two girls in the room, both were naked, one was bent
    at the waist, her head and wrists were locked in wooden stocks, the two pieces
    of wood fit snug and held her strictly in place. A man in a long brown hooded
    robe was whipping her with a cane. The girl's mouth was gaping, her eyes
    were closed and she was screaming. Brooke watched in horror as the cane seemed
    to fall in slow motion towards the girl's body. The flexible wood landed
    repeatedly over the girl's back and hips, Brooke could see the girl's skin
    ripple with the force of the strikes.   
The second
    girl in the room, she too was restrained, but unlike the other girl who was
    bound upright in the stocks the second girl sat on the cold stone of the
    floor. Her legs and wrists were locked in a large wooden block. With her
    leg's spread wide she was bent forward at the waist, her wrists were locked
    in the block between her splayed legs. Her back was lined with marks from
    the monk's cane. Nathan's voice shocked Brooke back into the reality of where
    she was.   
"This
    is what we refer to as our inquisition chamber, it is very popular, we have
    two other chambers that are very similar to this one. In one there is a rack
    and in the other a wheel for breaking heathens." Nathan looked Brooke in
    the eyes, she felt a shudder run down her spine. "I trust you would have
    confessed quickly had Torquemada got hold of you." Nathan grinned, he seemed
    in good humor but Brooke wasn't sure if she could say the same. "Shall we
    take a look at a few more of our theme rooms?"   
Brooke
    shuffled slowly behind, she didn't know what to think, the idea of the money,
    even as a waitress, appealed to her, but she didn't know if she was ready
    for this. Never before had she considered doing something so wild.   
The next
    window revealed what looked to be a doctor's office, or more precisely an
    OB/GYN's office. Brooke could see the chair with the stirrups that made it
    clear what it was. A young girl sat alone in the room, she was wearing a
    hospital gown, one of those that does little to hide a person from behind.
    Brooke thought the girl looked nervous, she still had on a pair of little
    white socks and Brooke could see the stainless steel band around her ankle.   
"This
    is one of our doctors office themed rooms, as you might expect many of our
    guests very much enjoy it. We have a wide assortment of instruments for our
    guest's to use, such as speculums, but I think the greatest appeal is the
    chair." Brooke stared at the girl as she sat alone on the examination table,
    her cute little feet hung free over the ground.   
Nathan
    started forward toward the next window, he didn't have to tell Brooke what
    the next room was when they looked through the glass. When Nathan pushed
    the audio button to the left of the window the loud creaking came clearly
    through the speaker. Brooke could hear the moans of the girl and grunts from
    the man using her. The iron cot the pair were on was small, but filled most
    of the space in the room. Iron bars made it clear the theme of the room was
    of a jail cell, the man on top of the girl wore the remnants of a police
    uniform, his pants, his nightstick, and various other implements lay strewn
    across the floor of the small cell. The girl's wrists were locked with cuffs
    to the frame of the cot above her head. Brooke was surprised to hear the
    girl wail in what was obviously pleasure as the man slammed down into her
    sex with his cock. Brooke blushed as the girl panted in orgasm. Brooke couldn't
    concentrate on Nathan's words as the girl screamed in ecstasy, she felt sympathy
    for the girl even though it was obvious she was enjoying being fucked. Suddenly
    the sound of the girl's pleasure went silent as Nathan turned off the audio.   
"Hgh
    hum," Nathan cleared his throat to get Brooke's attention, "as I was saying,
    this little tour gives you a good idea of what goes on here in the club,
    shall we head upstairs and settle some last little business?" Brooke couldn't
    take her eyes off the scene in the cell, the girl wrapped her legs tight
    around the fake cop and moved to meet his thrusts.   
Nathan
    led Brooke and William out of the dungeons back to his office. As soon as
    the door slammed shut behind them Brooke felt William releasing the cuffs
    holding her wrists behind her back. Nathan started toward his desk as Brooke
    rubbed her wrists.   
"Ms.
    Lewis, you may get dressed." Her clothes were still lying on the floor as
    she'd left them. Brooke's face went flush again when she realized her nakedness,
    she'd almost forgotten about it.   
Neither
    man spoke as she put on her clothes. Brooke kept her head lowered so she
    wouldn't catch their eyes upon her, though she knew they watched her every
    move. When she was dressed again Nathan spoke.   
"Please,
    sit down Ms. Lewis." Brooke smoothed her skirt and sat in the huge cushioned
    leather chair.   
"Our
    facilities our extensive, there is much more to the club than what you saw
    today. Our clients are exclusive and demand to be pleased, they expect to
    be protected within the confines of the club, you could earn a great deal
    of money working here, but nothing that goes on here should ever leave this
    building." Nathan lifted his arms in an expansive gesture. "Much will be
    asked of you if you choose to work here. You would be paid a great deal of
    money because there are few limits to what could happen. You would be paid
    a great deal because discretion is absolutely necessary." Nathan stood and
    moved around in front of the desk toward Brooke, he pulled an envelope from
    his suit pocket and dropped it in her lap. "In that envelop is $5000, it
    is yours for coming here today. Even if you never return to work at the club
    you must never speak of what you saw here, there will be consequences if
    it is found out you've said anything." There was no levity in Nathan's eyes
    as he locked his vision on her. "In one weeks time a black van will pull
    up in front of your apartment at 8am, if you would like to work for the club
    be there waiting, wear an overcoat and be naked underneath." Nathan hovered
    over Brooke, she didn't look up, she stared at his shoes, her heart was beating
    like mad. "If you are not there next week, do not attempt to contact William
    again about working at the club. This is your only opportunity. If you show
    up next week you will be kept here for two weeks, consider it a training
    period. In that time you will have extensive medical examinations, including
    blood tests. We pride ourselves on being a safe place, both for our guests
    and our Associates. In your training you will also be introduced to many
    things I'm sure you've never experienced before." Brooke could feel the weight
    of the envelope on her thigh, she wanted to look inside and see if there
    was really money in there, $5000 wouldn't solve all her money woes--her credit
    card debts and the debts of her parents loomed much larger--but the money
    would hold the wolves at bay at least temporarily.   
"Are
    you listening to me?" Nathan stood over her, she felt her heart flutter just
    like when she'd got in trouble when she was in school.   
"You
    have a great opportunity Brooke, William has gone out of his way to help
    you, the choice is now yours. You may think that only the customers receive
    pleasure in the club, but believe me, the pleasure is reciprocal. Most girls
    can not go back to a normal lifestyle after they've been here, many sell
    themselves to members, or allow themselves to be auctioned off when their
    contract with the club is up." Brooke felt a cold chill down her spine, the
    hair on the back of her neck stood upright. She couldn't grasp what he was
    talking about exactly, at least she didn't want to admit that the concept
    could exist at all.   
"So,
    if you would like to be a part of our club I suggest you be outside your
    place waiting for the van. You have one week to decide, think about the decision
    carefully." Nathan ran his hand gently through Brooke's hair, she closed
    her eyes and found herself trying to move her head along with his caress.
    When she opened her eyes again she jerked away in embarrassment. Nathan chuckled
    softly and moved back behind his desk.   
"Consider
    your options Ms. Lewis, I believe you would fit nicely within the club, I
    can tell already." Brooke could barely choke back the tears of humiliation
    she felt. She was so confused. "William will drive you home, you have a great
    deal to think about." Brooke heard William get up and move behind her.   
"I must
    blindfold you again." In an instant her world went black. Brooke felt William's
    hands at her shoulders helping her up. She squeezed the envelope tight in
    her hand, the paper crumpled in her palm. Her heart was beating out of control,
    it wasn't fear that she felt, to her great surprise it was excitement, it
    raced through her veins like a drug. William led her by the hand out of the
    club, she was again forced to kneel on the floor of the passenger seat, her
    mind was racing.   
"I hope
    you're not mad at me for bringing you to the club. It's a good opportunity
    for you. I'd always felt&hellip;" he hesitated, "I don't mean to imply anything
    if you think I'm wrong, but I've always got the sense that you were&hellip;" he
    paused again, "well, submissive, and a little masochistic. Of course your
    money troubles were the primary reason I told you about the club and arranged
    a meeting with Nathan, but that alone wouldn't have allowed me to bring you
    there. I never would have even made the suggestion if I didn't think," Brooke
    was waiting for him to finish, her head was throbbing, "if I didn't think
    you'd enjoy it." Brooke felt her skin go cold. She couldn't respond, she
    tried to think why he thought she was submissive, she wondered what she'd
    done that made him think that about her.   
"Brooke,
    is there anything you would like to ask me about the club, or&hellip;" There
    were so many things running through her mind. She held the crinkled envelope
    tight in her hand.   
"What
    did he mean about 'selling' themselves?" After she'd blurted out the question
    Brooke wasn't so sure she wanted to know the answer. Nathan's words had been
    running through her head since they'd left the office.   
"The
    clientele of the club is very exclusive, and above all else, very wealthy.
    I don't suppose you could understand how different a world it is for these
    people given the nature of your background. The toys of the rich are different
    than what you're familiar with, many of the members keep girls of their own.
    You could think these girls as comprising a harem, or you could call these
    girls slaves. These kept women willingly sell themselves to men--or even
    women--they enjoy being owned and used. Perhaps it gives them a freedom,
    I can't explain the psychology of it but I suppose it's a bit like nunneries
    of previous eras, these women don't fit, or don't feel comfortable, in the
    mainstream world, perhaps some need to be physically dominated and feel pain,
    perhaps it makes them feel alive, I don't know. These women sell themselves
    and create a nest egg for their futures by doing so, though many will never
    live outside the world of being owned. If you choose to join the club as
    an Associate you may find yourself in a position to sell yourself." A shiver
    went down Brooke's spine. "You could sell yourself permanently, or perhaps
    just for a term, the club doesn't restrict what you may do with members on
    your own time, though the club is entitled to a share of the earnings while
    you're still under contract. I'm sure you would be asked by members to meet
    them outside the club, you are a beautiful girl. You may just be asked to
    act as an escort, or&hellip;" William paused. "I guess the answer to your
    question is that yes, girls do sell themselves, they become a currency of
    sorts, exchanged among masters for both the benefit of themselves and those
    whom they serve. I've heard of no complaints, the girls who work for the
    club have made the choice to do so willingly, as you will have to do. If
    you are unwilling to explore the depths of your submissiveness, or if you
    feel I'm wrong in thinking that you are submissive, then I suggest you don't
    meet the van, as Nathan said, this is your only opportunity, whether you
    show or not is your choice, but you will only be given the chance this one
    time." William went silent, the hum of the road under the truck was pacifying
    but Brooke could barely control her nerves. She squeezed the envelope tight
    in her hand and thought about the money. In some ways the idea of selling
    herself to the club seemed so odd, but on the other hand when she really
    thought about her life, she wondered if she had any control now? She'd never
    really had control of her own life, whether it was when she was young and
    dominated by her parents ill health, or now when she was dominated by her
    creditors.   
The SUV
    eased to a halt. Brooke held her breath for an instant, part of her didn't
    want to leave the safety of William's presence and the comfort of the darkness.   
"You
    may take off the blindfold, you're home." Brooke untied the knot at the back
    of her head and sat up in the passenger seat. She saw the dreary neighborhood
    she lived in spread out before her. The dilapidated building in which she
    lived loomed to her right. She sat gripping the door handle afraid to get
    out of the truck.   
"What
    will happen to me if I decide to work at the club?" Brooke cast her doe like
    eyes in William's direction.   
"Your
    first two weeks will be training. You will be broken of any false ideas you
    might still have about ownership of your body. After that you will be an
    employee of the club and you will be expected to give pleasure to the members." Brooke
    looked to her lap and the crumpled envelope in her hand.   
"Will
    you have the right to&hellip;" she hesitated, "&hellip;to use me?" William
    chuckled softly   
"Of course,
    any member of the club will." He laid his hand on her thigh. "I've dreamt
    of getting you into one of the dungeon rooms since the moment you started
    working for me." Brooke could feel the heat of lust stream through his hand
    onto her skin, her body burned under his touch. She stared down at his huge
    hand as it engulfed her leg. Her throat was dry and she could feel the butterflies
    in the pit of her stomach, she could feel the tingle in her sex.   
William
    took his hand from her thigh.   
"You
    have a great deal to think about Brooke, you had better go." Brooke opened
    the door and got out of the SUV, her legs were like jell-o as she set foot
    on the broken cement of the sidewalk. She turned to look as William drove
    away, he smiled at her, his white teeth were visible in the streetlights,
    he looked like a predator, a lurking animal ready to attack. Images of the
    girl in the jail cell flashed into her brain and she wondered what William
    would do to her.   
Brooke
    faded into a fitful sleep hours after William had left her. Her mind was
    too occupied with what would happen next to sleep&hellip;   
To Be
    Continued&hellip;   
Thanks
    for reading. It's always encouraging and greatly appreciated to read comments
    from readers. Semiater  
semiater@yahoo.com   







 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Adventures of Brooke
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Chapter Two

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;by Semiater semiater@yahoo.com

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke shuffled from leg to leg as she stood alone on the sidewalk in the early morning light.&nbsp; 
She&#8217;d barely slept in the previous week, not since William had dropped her home after her interview at the club.&nbsp; Her mind kept going back and forth, could she really do it?&nbsp; 
Even now as she stood outside waiting for the van she didn&#8217;t know if she could go through with it.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke felt the breeze blow up under her long gray overcoat.&nbsp; The air was cool and her nipples were hard as they rubbed the inner lining of her jacket.&nbsp; She had her hands stuffed deep in her pockets trying to hide how violently they trembled.&nbsp; 
Every car that passed, every person that stepped out of an apartment nearby Brooke swore they all knew, that they knew why she was standing there nearly naked, only covered by a dingy overcoat waiting to sell her body to an S&amp;M club.&nbsp; 
Brooke&#8217;s heart skipped a beat when she saw a black van approaching from down the street.&nbsp; She almost bolted as it got closer and closer, but then it flew by, oblivious to her presence on the sidewalk.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She&#8217;d almost called William during the week, she&#8217;d handled his card so often that the paper had begun to fall apart.&nbsp; Any time she&#8217;d tried to sleep, images of what she&#8217;d seen at the club filled her mind, it all seemed so surreal now.&nbsp; She&#8217;d woken up screaming too many times to even count, Brooke was afraid even to try and sleep anymore.&nbsp; When she would finally manage to pass out of pure exhaustion she would dream, and then wake screaming, her body covered with sweat and her heart pounding.&nbsp; She&#8217;d be panting for breath feeling ill.&nbsp; It always felt like her body was on fire and there was an undeniable tingle in her pussy, more like a burning than a tingle.&nbsp; She&#8217;d tried to ignore the feeling, the desire, she&#8217;d get up and search the classified sections for jobs over and over again.&nbsp; She&#8217;d tried everything to suppress the feelings but they never faded, she could never keep the thoughts of what happened to the girls at the club from her head, and unwittingly, she found herself imagining what it would be like to be those girls
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke didn&#8217;t have on a watch, she couldn&#8217;t tell how long she&#8217;d been standing there, she&#8217;d worn no jewelry, nothing.&nbsp; She wore nothing but the long coat and a pair of shoes.&nbsp; She hadn&#8217;t even worn socks.&nbsp; 
She&#8217;d been standing outside since 7:30 am, her neighbors probably thought she was insane, seeing her standing there with the long jacket on, shivering as the air played over her naked pussy.&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Brooke didn&#8217;t have a clue what time it was, it felt as though hours had passed but still there was no sign of the van.&nbsp; Brooke could feel her cheeks were flush with embarrassment, she could feel the sweat on her brow even though the air was cool.&nbsp; The long coat covered her trembling knees but it couldn&#8217;t mask the dryness of her mouth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her body went numb when she saw the black van approaching, for some reason she knew this one wouldn&#8217;t be driving past.&nbsp; 
It was more like a delivery truck than a van, the front windows were tinted so they were almost black.&nbsp; Brooke desperately tried to get her legs to move so she could run away but she couldn&#8217;t make her body work.&nbsp; Her legs were like granite and her feet felt like they were cemented into the ground.&nbsp; 
The van pulled to a stop in the open space in front of where she stood.&nbsp; Brooke felt her head go light as the front door slid open.&nbsp; She couldn&#8217;t believe that it was actually happening.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke didn&#8217;t fight as the large man from the passenger seat got out of the truck and moved toward her.&nbsp; She felt his huge hand lock on her elbow, clamping down on her arm and pulling her toward the truck.&nbsp; She stumbled up the steps into the large van.&nbsp; She couldn&#8217;t hear over the ringing in her ears.&nbsp; The man holding her elbow pushed her through a door that was between the two front seats of the truck.&nbsp; Brooke could feel the man gripping her arm tight, both he and the driver were dressed in inconspicuous brown uniforms, they looked like any typical delivery man.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The narrow passage the man led her down was dark, Brooke was pushed forward through a heavy curtain and her knees nearly buckled when she saw the three girls sitting in the back compartment of the van, they were seated naked on benches that lined either side of the truck.&nbsp; Large red ball gags filled their mouths&#8217;, and each girl had her hands manacled and pulled above her head attached to hooks hanging from the ceiling.&nbsp; Each girl had her legs spread wide with her ankles chained to the floor.&nbsp; A thick nylon strap was pulled around their waists&#8217; and snugged them tight against the wall.  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke finally regained some semblance of control over her body and started to fight, she tried to run back through the door from which she&#8217;d come but the guard held her easily.&nbsp; Her struggles didn&#8217;t seem to hinder him at all.&nbsp; In an instant he had her stripped out of her jacket.&nbsp; She wanted to whine in pain as he held her hands tight in his grasp and fitted her wrists into manacles like the other girls.&nbsp; The guard easily locked Brooke&#8217;s hands into the metal bonds and hooked her wrists over the ring that hung from the ceiling.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke felt her chest rising and falling quickly as the guard grabbed for her thigh&#8217;s and held them tight in his hands as he spread her legs and locked her ankles to manacles set in the floor.&nbsp; Brooke groaned out loud as the man pulled a nylon belt tight around her waist pressing her back against the cold metal of the van.&nbsp; She screamed, trying to beg him desperately to stop, but her cries didn&#8217;t affect the guard in the least.&nbsp; She tried to make eye contact with the other girls, to seek some kind of sympathy but they just stared at her passively.&nbsp; 
Brooke&#8217;s eyes went wide with shock as the guard pinched her nostrils shut.&nbsp; She opened her mouth gasping for breath and he forced a large red ball gag into her gaping mouth.&nbsp; She started to squeal as he buckled the leather strap tight behind her head forcing the ball deep between her teeth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke whined in consternation, she tugged on the bonds that held her and felt her body go rigid with complete and utter humiliation.&nbsp; She could feel her breasts heaving as the man got up from his knees and moved toward the front of the truck, oblivious to her muffled, indecipherable babble.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Any trouble?&nbsp; Brooke heard the driver speak to the man who had bound her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Same old stuff, new--&nbsp; The men&#8217;s voices went silent as the door to the front slammed shut.&nbsp; Brooke could feel the tears streaking down her cheeks and she could barely breathe.&nbsp; It felt like she was hyperventilating and she couldn&#8217;t seem to get enough air through her nose.&nbsp; Already her jaws started to ache from the large ball gag that was wedged between her teeth.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke yelped involuntarily as the truck started to move.&nbsp; She could feel her breasts sway as the van accelerated.&nbsp; Through her tear filled eyes she looked at the other girls, two sat across from her and one sat to her left.&nbsp; Brooke felt her face go flush as she realized the other girls were studying her.&nbsp; She looked at the spread thighs of the other girls and their smooth shaved pussies, she could see the visible cleft of their sex&#8217;s as they sat bound on the benches.&nbsp; Brooke saw the brushed metal collars around each of the girls&#8217; ankles, she took in the sight of their bodies, their lithe trim frames, their large breasts that moved with the motion of the truck.&nbsp; Brooke could barely believe it as she looked at the girls&#8217;, they didn&#8217;t seem to be at all bothered by being restrained.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They&#8217;d been driving for ten or fifteen minutes and Brooke could feel the strain in her shoulders, her jaws ached and she desperately wanted to close her thighs.&nbsp; The metal rings on the other girls&#8217; neck collars jingled softly in the back hold of the truck.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke felt her body go cold when the van eased to a halt.&nbsp; She started whimpering softly as she heard the front door of the truck open.&nbsp; After a few seconds the curtain opened and a cute redhead shuffled in.&nbsp; The girl was already naked and Brooke saw the thick black collar around her neck along with the polished metal collar around her ankle.&nbsp; The girl&#8217;s thigh rubbed Brooke&#8217;s as she sat next to her on the bench.&nbsp; The guard moved quickly and locked the girl&#8217;s wrists and ankles in place.&nbsp; It was all so mechanical, so mundane, or so it seemed to everybody but Brooke, her mind couldn&#8217;t process what was happening.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke was panting, her nipples were hard and she could feel the thin film of perspiration on her skin.&nbsp; Her head was pounding and she felt like she&#8217;d faint at any second.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The truck seemed to move on forever, that or time had stopped moving in Brooke&#8217;s mind.&nbsp; When the truck finally pulled to a halt again the vibration of the engine ceased and she knew they were at the club.&nbsp; She felt a trail of saliva running down over her chin from her gagged mouth and the drops fell on her gorgeous breasts.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The back door of the van flung open and Brooke started screaming into the gag.&nbsp; The two guards paid little heed to her desperate wails as they began unhooking the other girl&#8217;s from their seats.&nbsp; Brooke watched in terrified disbelieve as the girls&#8212;her fellow workers&#8212;were lead one by one from the truck.&nbsp; They didn&#8217;t seem at all bothered by the leather cuffs that were snugged tight and locked in place around their wrists, or that their hands were pulled into the small of their back and clipped together.&nbsp; 
Brooke was panting so hard into the huge ball gag she felt lightheaded.&nbsp; 
She felt the electric touch of the guards hand on her skin and thought she&#8217;d pass out.&nbsp; She whined as he released her arms from the manacles above her head, and then knelt between her widely splayed legs and removed the metal bonds from around her ankles.&nbsp; 
Before the guard let Brooke stand he put thick leather cuffs onto her wrists and ankles.&nbsp; She tried to fight but it was no use, he easily overpowered her.&nbsp; He attached the cuffs on her wrists together with a piece of chain, then clipped a slightly longer piece between the cuffs on her ankles.&nbsp; Never before had Brooke been touched like she was now, the guard moved her limbs with absolutely no concern for what she felt.&nbsp; She felt like such an object as he fettered her.&nbsp; 
The guard clipped a piece of chain between the two chains locking her wrists and ankles, clipping together the ones between her legs and wrists so she was hobbled.&nbsp; When the guard helped Brooke to her feet she realized she couldn&#8217;t stand straight up, the chain holding together her wrists and ankles was too short and she had to hunch over.&nbsp; 
Brooke almost stumbled as she took her first step, the chain between her ankles was too short to take a normal stride and only the guard&#8217;s meaty hand holding her upright kept her from falling.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By the time Brooke was lifted out of the van all the other girls had disappeared, her cheeks glowed red with shame as she spied other men standing around the loading dock, their eyes all locked on her and moved over her body.&nbsp; Brooke wanted to cry in complete and abject humiliation as the guard pulled on her elbow and she was forced to take short, awkward steps.&nbsp; She was hobbled by the chains as the guard held her tight in his grasp.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It seemed to take forever, Brooke kept her eyes downcast wary of making eye contact with any of the girls she saw in the halls.&nbsp; She was unable to deal with the shame she felt when she saw the other guards and the way they stared at her.&nbsp; Brooke&#8217;s legs were aching from the short unnatural gait she was forced to use.&nbsp; 
Brooke&#8217;s thighs were burning and her heart started pounding even harder than it already was when she was finally led into Nathan&#8217;s elegant office.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke felt the guard&#8217;s fingers digging into her arm as he waited for Nathan to acknowledge their presence.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You can leave us guard.&nbsp; Brooke was forced to slump forward in her bonds as the guard let go of her arms.&nbsp; She felt her breasts dangling and her nipples were hard as rocks as she stood there naked, panting in shame. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;m glad that you decided to show up Brooke.&nbsp; Nathan got up from behind his desk and approached her.&nbsp; Brooke cowered away as he took position in front of her.&nbsp; She started whimpering as he reached behind her head.&nbsp; She could hear her heart thudding in her chest as the blood pulsed through her brain as Nathan unbuckled the ball gag from behind her head.&nbsp; The ball popped from between her jaws with a slurping sound.&nbsp; 
Brooke opened and closed her jaw trying to relieve the aching, she started to thank Nathan for taking the gag from her mouth, but he waved his finger in front of his mouth before she could speak.
sssshhhh.&nbsp; She felt the butterflies in her stomach come to life.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No, no slut, you do not speak unless spoken to.&nbsp; Brooke&#8217;s body was trembling, her breasts jiggled as the chains clanged together.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Nathan moved behind his desk, he seemed to float his movements were so smooth.&nbsp; Brooke could hear herself breathing as the air whistled through her nostrils.&nbsp; He reached in one of the drawers on the massive desk and pulled out a thick pile of papers. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This is your contract, you can get out of it after 30 days like we&#8217;d talked about no matter where you decide to work.&nbsp; Brooke felt her face go flush and she dropped her eyes to the floor.&nbsp; 
Have you decided where you want to work?&nbsp; Brooke&#8217;s throat was so dry she couldn&#8217;t believe that it was coming to this, now, confronted with the reality of selling herself the decision again took on a degree of uncertainty.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Well?&nbsp; Nathan&#8217;s eyebrow&#8217;s peaked, she knew he was waiting on her response.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&nbsp; Brooke couldn&#8217;t get out the words.&nbsp; I, I would like to work as an associate.&nbsp; Brooke felt the pain in her temples grow as her head pounded.&nbsp; She couldn&#8217;t believe she&#8217;d said it.&nbsp; She couldn&#8217;t believe she was here &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Nathan set a pile of papers in front of Brooke on the desk.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I just need to you sign the agreement and we can get you started.&nbsp; Brooke was humiliated to realize he wasn&#8217;t going to undo the chains that bound her wrists and ankles.&nbsp; She had to kind of wobble up to the desk, it was awkward, and a little painful.&nbsp; She read the first page, paragraph after paragraph of legalize greeted her, Brooke read the lines describing how she was basically selling herself to the club.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She signed the first sheet, then Nathan pulled it away and there was another, and another.&nbsp; She had to strain her wrists against the chains to put her mark on the paperwork, her nipples were hard as rocks and ached.&nbsp; Brooke knew in part it was anticipation, even with her little tour she didn&#8217;t know what to expect of her time at the club. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When she finally got to the final sheet it was all a blur.&nbsp; Nathan picked up the papers, looked them over, signed a few sheets himself then put them in a folder on the desk.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Ah, looks like we&#8217;re all in order.&nbsp; Nathan pushed a button on the desk, a few seconds later a girl scurried in.&nbsp; Brooke stared at the collar she wore, Brooke could hear the gentle tingle of the tag.&nbsp; The girl only wore a thong, one Brooke knew had the dildo&#8217;s attached to it.&nbsp; The girl also had on nipple clamps with heavy weights that dangled as she moved.&nbsp; Brooke cringed at the thought, the lead swung in large arcs, tugging down on the girl&#8217;s sensitive flesh.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Take these documents to get copied, put them on file.&nbsp; Nathan flicked one of the weights with his finger as the girl picked up the papers. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master, I will do it immediately.&nbsp; Brooke could see the girl grit her teeth as the weight swung, stretching her nipple even more.&nbsp; 
As soon as she had the folder the girl moved quickly out of the office, the tag on her collar chimed softly as she left the room.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Nathan moved around the desk.&nbsp; Brooke kept her eyes downcast but she could feel him move behind her.&nbsp; He put his hand on her shoulders, Brooke was slumped forward with the way she was bound and Nathan ran his hand over her back, then pushed a stray lock of hair out of her eyes.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I believe you will do quite well here Brooke.&nbsp; Nathan moved in front of her so she could see him, though she didn&#8217;t look up.&nbsp; 
You will now be sent to the doctor, he will complete your profile and do all the tests.&nbsp; Brooke could see his freshly polished shoes.&nbsp; 
The doctor will prepare you for work, though you will be kept from servicing customers till we get results, until then you will serve drinks in the bar, or perform other duties around the club as we see fit.&nbsp; Nathan reached out and cupped Brooke&#8217;s chin, lifting her so she has to look him in the eyes.&nbsp; 
This is your training period, take care to learn your role, if you do, as I said, I think you will be a very popular girl here and do well financially.&nbsp; Nathan grabbed for Brooke&#8217;s breast and pinched her nipple hard till she had to yelp in pain.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Nathan let go of her tit and moved back behind his desk, he tapped another button, and soon there was a knock at the door and a huge guard walked in.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Take her Dr. Mitchell please.&nbsp; The guard grabbed for Brooke&#8217;s wrists and pulled her out of the room.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke&#8217;s legs ached as she moved down the hall, the chains clanged as she walked, the guards thick hand encircled her elbow, it took all her concentration to keep from tripping.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Finally, after walking down what seemed like an endless maze of hallways they reached the doctor&#8217;s office.&nbsp; The guard knocked on the door.&nbsp; Brooke might have been nave when it came to bondage and discipline, but already she could make out the sound of leather on flesh as the guard opened the door and walked in.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke was shocked to see the nurse bent over the knee of the doctor, her skirt was up in the small of her back and he was using a paddle on her.&nbsp; The girl, the nurse, she was crying, calling out the number of blows laid on her ass.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;11, 12&nbsp; The doctor looked up, almost oblivious to Brooke and the guard.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh guard, please hold on a minute.&nbsp; The nurse&#8217;s voice cracked as she choked back tears, but she continued to count each time the leather hit her skin.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;131415.&nbsp; Finally the doctor stopped paddling her behind and she was bawling.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get up you useless thing.&nbsp; The nurse stood and started rubbing her backside, tears streaked down her cheeks in visible lines.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now remember, when I say to have the patients files ready I mean it.&nbsp; Do you understand?&nbsp; The nurse sniffled out her response.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Good, now go get Ms. Lewis&#8217;s paperwork so we can start.&nbsp; The girl shuffled away with her head down, her cute red ass wiggled painfully as she moved.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Guard, bring her to me.&nbsp; Brooke knew he was talking about her.&nbsp; The guard gripped her arm tight and pushed her toward the doctor.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Please, unchain her, would you?&nbsp; The guard removed the chains from the cuffs around Brooke&#8217;s wrists and ankles but he did not remove the cuffs themselves.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So, a new associate.&nbsp; The doctor stood up from his chair and moved around Brooke, inspecting her like a piece of meat.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A very beautiful girl, isn&#8217;t she guard?&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes sir.&nbsp; Brooke could feel the lustful eyes of the guard on her.&nbsp; She jumped back away from the doctor&#8217;s hand when she felt him try to cup her breast.&nbsp; 
It was sudden and violent and Brooke yelped in shock as the doctor slapped her hard across the cheek.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No, no, never move away from me.&nbsp; Again the doctor extended his hand, this time Brooke didn&#8217;t try to recoil as he cupped her breast.&nbsp; It took all her willpower to stand still as the doctor lifted her breast, then started squeezing her flesh.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Very nice, have a feel.&nbsp; Brooke felt her heart skip a beat.&nbsp; The guard didn&#8217;t waste an instant and grasped her other breast in his meaty hands, he began molding her soft pliant mammary in his fingers.&nbsp; 
Brooke heard the nurse reenter the room quietly, hoping not to raise the doctor&#8217;s ire once again.&nbsp; Brooke whimpered softly as the doctor&#8217;s hands left her breast and moved down over her belly, she felt the tears dribbling down her cheek as his index finger spread her labia and inched into her pussy.&nbsp; Brooke&#8217;s knees trembled as his knuckle disappeared into her sex.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Nice, very nice.&nbsp; The doctor&#8217;s finger slid out of her pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Bend over the table girl!&nbsp; Brooke&#8217;s eyes went wide when she realized the doctor was talking to her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;But&nbsp; Brooke stuttered out a futile response and she felt the guard pushing her toward the examination table, she felt her hips up against the cold vinyl and the rough paper scraped against her nipples as she was forced to bend over the edge of the table.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Spread your legs!&nbsp; Brooke felt the pressure against the inside of her ankle as the doctor&#8217;s foot prodded her to move her legs wider.&nbsp; Tears fell onto the paper covering the table.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She&#8217;s very tight, have a feel.&nbsp; Brooke felt another hand at her pussy, she closed her eyes as the finger spread her labia.&nbsp; The new digit was quick and a bit larger than the doctor&#8217;s.&nbsp; The guard eased his finger into her body, twisting, spreading her pink flesh as he drove his himself into her.&nbsp; Brooke couldn&#8217;t hold back the sobs, she clinched her hands into fists and closed her eyes tight.&nbsp; The guard&#8217;s finger pressed deep into her body, rotating and exploring her most sensitive orifice.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Nurse, have a feel, I&#8217;d bet you&#8217;d like to eat out this pussy.&nbsp; Brooke felt the guard&#8217;s invading finger slide out of her body, then she felt the long, thin fingers of the nurse spread her pussy lips.&nbsp; Brooke felt the sharp jab of long nails inch into her body.&nbsp; Brooke&#8217;s whimpering grew louder as two of the nurse&#8217;s fingers sunk into her pussy.&nbsp; Brooke felt her knees almost give as the nurse used the nails of her free hand to trail over her clit.&nbsp; 
Brooke&#8217;s eyes shot open and her mouth was dry, she felt the nurse gently rub her clit while two fingers thrust in and out of her pussy.&nbsp; Brooke could feel the arousal, she could feel the shortness of breath in her chest.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s enough nurse, it&#8217;s time to do the examination.&nbsp; Brooke felt the wanting as the nurse&#8217;s fingers slipped from her pussy, she longed to feel the nails against her clit again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Ms. Lewis, enough fun for now.&nbsp; Stand up, take a seat on the table.&nbsp; Brooke&#8217;s body trembled, she tried to cover up her ample bosom as she turned to face the doctor.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Ms. Lewis, please cut the modesty.&nbsp; Brooke uncovered her chest, her nipples were hard and she could feel the moisture in her sex.&nbsp; 
She hopped on the table, desperately she wanted to cross her legs, but she didn&#8217;t even try.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Okay, lets get to work.&nbsp; The doctor moved toward Brooke, he turned to speak to the guard as he grabbed for Brooke&#8217;s wrist.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You can stay and observe if you&#8217;d like.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Brooke felt the humiliation flood through her, the doctor hadn&#8217;t even bothered to ask if she minded if the guard was there or not.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It started off like any other physical she&#8217;d had, the doctor tested her lungs, though he did grope her breasts as he checked her.&nbsp; He measured her blood pressure, he looked in her ears, her throat.&nbsp; For an instant Brooke forgot the context of the checkup.&nbsp; The nurse in her short skirt with her deeply cut bust seemed to act like a nurse, taking notes for the doctor, handing him instruments, she even swabbed Brooke&#8217;s forearm with alcohol as the doctor drew blood.
Brooke tried not to look up, she tried not to notice the guard there with his eyes upon her.&nbsp; She could feel the weight of his stare, the lust.&nbsp; Brooke knew she should learn to live with it, given what she&#8217;d decided to do, but she felt a bit like an animal, an object.
Get up!&nbsp; The doctor smacked Brooke&#8217;s tit with an open hang.
On the scale.&nbsp; Brooke was too shocked to react audibly, she moved slowly toward the scale against the wall.
The doctor called out Brooke&#8217;s vital measurements to the nurse, weight, height, he then took out a flexible measure and got her waist and hip size.&nbsp; He even had her stand against the wall, back pressed against the cold plaster and took pictures of her.&nbsp; Not just frontal shots, but in profile, of her back, every conceivable positionall the while calling out additional notes to the nurse.&nbsp; Brooke wondered if the girl&#8217;s bottom still burned from the paddling?
Okay, into the chair.&nbsp; Brooke saw the doctor point toward the genealogical examination chair across the way, it was complete with stirrups and all.&nbsp; She stared at the doctor with her innocent eyes, almost incredulous at they what they were doing to her.
Come on now, I need to examine you.&nbsp; Hurry up!&nbsp; Brooke felt her stomach churn, she wondered it the doctor would fuck her, or maybe let the guard.&nbsp; The hair on her arms stood on end as her body shuddered in utter shame.
Brooke hopped up into the seat, it was far from comfortable.
Put your legs up into the stirrups Ms. Lewis.&nbsp; Brooke could feel a cold sweat growing on her body, her belly convulsed.&nbsp; She jerked her arm away from the armrest when the nurse started pulling a nylon strap over her wrist.
Wha.&nbsp; The doctor glared at her and Brooke went silent immediately.
We find the process moves quicker if your arms are immobilized.&nbsp; A small tear formed in Brooke&#8217;s eye but she didn&#8217;t fight as the nurse pulled the strap tight over her wrists.&nbsp; Then the nurse moved to her Brooke&#8217;s thighs, locking her in place, in a position where her legs were splayed wide in an indecent, lewd display. 
The doctor get between Brooke&#8217;s spread legs, he sat on a small stool.&nbsp; Brooke&#8217;s whole body spasmed as he spread her labia with his finger, she closed her eyes tight as he examined her, his finger delving into the most sensitive parts of her body.
Brooke&#8217;s eyes flew open when the doctor pushed the cold speculum in her pussy.&nbsp; She could feel his warm breath on her skin as he moved in close, peering deep within her cunt.&nbsp; Brooke clinched her hands into balls, feeling every ounce of shame as the doctor looked deep within her body, and worse yet, she felt the Neanderthal guard watching her, adding to her degradation.
When the doctor finally pulled the speculum from her body she thought the ordeal might be over, but nobody moved to untie her.
Let&#8217;s see how much you&#8217;ll be able to handle.&nbsp; She was confused, she didn&#8217;t know what he was talking about.&nbsp; Brooke&#8217;s muscles tensed as she felt the cool liquid drizzled onto her pussy, it ran down between her ass cheeks and over her anus.&nbsp; The doctor&#8217;s fingers spread the liquid over her sensitive flesh, pushing it into every pore.&nbsp; Brooke stared down between her heaving breasts in horror.&nbsp; The doctor expertly massaged her clit till Brooke started panting softly, her legs twitched in the stirrups.&nbsp; Brooke&#8217;s nipples were hard, and her breasts quivered enticingly.&nbsp; The feelings were too much and her head rolled back against the rest, her eyes were clamped shut as she savored the arousal.&nbsp; 
The doctor pushed a latex probe into Brooke&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; She squealed softly as the long rounded shaft slid in her belly.&nbsp; The doctor continued to rub her clit, making Brooke&#8217;s ass bounce gently off the chair, her hips gyrating and her labia pulsing with blood as the probe sunk into her pussy, deep, as far as it would go.
Nice depth.&nbsp; The doctor called out to the nurse, then he stopped playing with Brooke&#8217;s clit and called out more measurements.&nbsp; Brooke immediately missed the doctor&#8217;s skillful machinations.&nbsp; For the first time she noticed the intrusion in her pussy and felt the discomfort of the large object buried in her.&nbsp; It felt like it penetrated to her cervix.&nbsp; She&#8217;d never felt anything like it before.
Let&#8217;s get some width measurements of what she can handle.&nbsp; Brooke heard the soft hum beneath her, then she felt the probe in her pussy start to expand.&nbsp; At first it wasn&#8217;t bad, it wasn&#8217;t much bigger than the cocks she&#8217;d had, but then the intruder continued to grow, expanding, spreading her pussy till it was painful.
Stop, stop, you&#8217;re going to kill me.&nbsp; Aaaahhhhh!&nbsp; Brooke screamed out as the probe continued to grow larger, it felt like she&#8217;d be split in two.&nbsp; 
Just as the pain started to get too much, the humming noise stopped and the probe stopped expanding.
Take a look at this guard, it looks like our girl&#8217;s pussy swallowed a bottle.&nbsp; The men roared in laughter.&nbsp; Brooke felt fingers around the probe, moving over her skin.&nbsp; 
The doctor called out more numbers to the nurse but Brooke didn&#8217;t care.&nbsp; It felt like her pussy was on fire and was being stretched impossibly wide.&nbsp; 
She wanted to scream when the guard stepped between her splayed legs and started fingering her clit.
I think I could get my fist in there.&nbsp; The doctor and the guard roared in laughter again, Brooke could feel the complete and abject humiliation as they talked about her like she wasn&#8217;t even there.&nbsp; 
Slowly the probe started to deflate till finally the doctor pulled the invasive latex deep from Brooke&#8217;s body.&nbsp; She was glad for the void, it had spread her more than she thought she could take.&nbsp; Perspiration covered Brooke&#8217;s gorgeous body, little droplets of sweat formed on her breasts making a beautiful sparkling sheen in the bright lights.
Now to test your ass.&nbsp; Brooke screamed as the latex touched her anus.
No, No..nooooo.&nbsp; She screamed as the probe was forced into her nether hole, her arms and legs corded and fought against the bonds but to no use.&nbsp; The latex disappeared deeper and deeper into Brooke&#8217;s rectum.&nbsp; She&#8217;d never had anal sex before and even with the probe at its smallest setting it made her scream out in pain.&nbsp; 
The doctor called out some additional numbers to the nurse before the probe started expanding.&nbsp; Brooke screamed, begging the doctor to stop but the latex grew deep in her body.&nbsp; Her body convulsed as the pain ripped through her ass, when it finally stopped Brooke was panting, she thought she&#8217;d die, the feelings were so intense.&nbsp; She felt the doctors fingers delve into her pussy again, spreading her labia and teasing her clit.
Please, please, stop, take it out of me, please&nbsp; Brooke started moaning in involuntary response to the doctors manipulations.&nbsp; Her whole body started to jump in spasms, her hips bucked up and down off the chair.
Pleeeeaaaaasssseeee&nbsp; Brooke&#8217;s voice trailed off as her legs started to shake uncontrollably, her muscles twitched, sweat poured off her body, off her tits, down over her belly as the doctor thrust into her pussy and expertly fingered her clit.&nbsp; 
Brooke screamed out into the small room as her legs locked, her nipples were rock hard and aching as her body exploded.&nbsp; She was panting, her eyes were closed and head thrust back as she came.
The probe started to deflate as Brooke was still breathing hard and moaning from the monumental orgasm she&#8217;d had.&nbsp; Her breasts heaved and shuddered as she tried to regain her composure.&nbsp; The latex probe slid from her anus with a pop.&nbsp; Brooke sat with eyes closed, floating on the last fleeting throes of orgasm.
The clients love when our associates hit the floor all sweaty and disheveled from cumming, we&#8217;ll have to get you out into the bar soon.&nbsp; The doctor spoke to Brooke, but she didn&#8217;t hear.&nbsp; 
I have a few more things to finish off first unfortunately.&nbsp; The doctor stood up and moved to the left of Brooke.&nbsp; He took hold of her upper arm and started swabbing a spot at her shoulder with alcohol.&nbsp; Brooke yelped softly as the needle plunged into her arm, whatever he pumped into her burned as it was released into her bloodstream.&nbsp; 
That&#8217;s so you won&#8217;t have any kids while working for us.&nbsp; Brooke looked up wide eyed at the doctor as he chuckled.
It&#8217;s our special treat to you, it&#8217;ll sterilize you for 6 months.&nbsp; We wouldn&#8217;t want any little children right now.&nbsp; The doctor patted Brooke on the tummy.&nbsp; 
Now would we?
The doctor moved to the side of the room and sat in a large chair.&nbsp; 
Nurse. The doctor looked at the nurse knowingly and pointed toward Brooke&#8217;s spread legs.&nbsp; The nurse sat on the little stool and started running her tongue over Brooke&#8217;s pussy, then the guard cleared his throat at the side of the room.
Oh yes, I forgot.&nbsp; Nurse, please stand up.&nbsp; The nurse didn&#8217;t even break stride, she stood up, the short skirt she wore rode up on her hips exposing her red ass as she fingered Brooke&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; The guard moved behind the nurse and dropped his pants, he thrust into her easily, making her grunt as moans of pleasure started escaping Brooke&#8217;s body.
I have a few more questions for you Ms. Lewis, then we&#8217;ll be done.&nbsp; The guard pounded into the nurse, driving her body forward, sending the sound of slapping flesh into the air.&nbsp; The doctor started asking Brooke questions, oblivious to the happenings in the room.
So when was the first time you had sex Ms. Lewis.&nbsp; I want you to be graphic.&nbsp; The muscles in Brooke&#8217;s arms were straining against the bonds as low moans escaped her body.
Ms. Lewis, I asked a question.&nbsp; The guard was ramming home in the nurse, he had to be near to cumming as the cute girl was bent over licking Brooke&#8217;s pussy while being slammed from behind.&nbsp; 
IIwas 17.&nbsp; Brooke could barely get out the words.
Tell me more.&nbsp; The doctor scrawled down words on his pad.
Itit was homecoming.&nbsp; We drove up to theAaahhh, we drove to the hill, it was in the backseat
Tell me about it, did he have a big dick?&nbsp; Brooke&#8217;s breasts shook as her whole body writhed.&nbsp; 
The guard bellowed out and shot his load into the nurse&#8217;s pussy, his thick meaty hands clamped down on her hips as he plunged his large cock in her pussy.&nbsp; The girl continued to lick away at Brooke&#8217;s clit as he thrust a few more times into her snatch and then pulled out.
Heeeee---hheeee was the quarterback.&nbsp; He made me suck him, then he ripped my panties off.&nbsp; There was.god, stop, please.&nbsp; Brooke&nbsp; hesitated, her legs were trembling, the muscles of her inner thighs convulsed as she tried desperately to close her legs.&nbsp; 
He had a big dick, it hurt, he slapped my face and pulled my hair when he fucked me.&nbsp; He told me I was a dirty little cunt.&nbsp; Brooke screamed out her toes pointed like a ballerina.
That&#8217;s enough nurse.&nbsp; The doctor tapped his lap.&nbsp; The girl&#8217;s face was shiny with Brooke&#8217;s juices, a small line of white seeped from her pussy as she stood up and smoothed her short skirt.&nbsp; She sat on the doctor&#8217;s lap taking the notepad from his hand and started taking notes.&nbsp; 
Are you a dirty little cunt Ms. Lewis?
No, no.&nbsp; Brooke tried to rebut the accusation but her breasts continued to shudder and she gyrated her hips involuntarily.
Did you orgasm when this big dicked quarterback fucked you Ms. Lewis?
No.&nbsp; Brooke closed her eyes in shame.&nbsp; 
Did you ever fuck him again Ms. Lewis?
Yes.
Well, don&#8217;t hesitate, tell me about it.&nbsp; The doctor slid the nurse&#8217;s top down so her tits were exposed and he started rubbing her breasts.
He and two of his friends came over one night when my parents were gone.&nbsp; They had beer and we got drunk.&nbsp; They made me suck them, then they took me into my bedroom and they all fucked me.&nbsp; Brooke started crying.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
There has to be more to it than that my dear, isn&#8217;t there.&nbsp; The doctor bent over and started sucking on the nurses nipples as she dutifully copied down every word Brooke said.&nbsp; She let out a little squeal as the doctor bit down on her sensitive skin with his teeth
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They held me down, they made me beg them to fuck me!&nbsp; Brooke screamed out in exasperation.&nbsp; 
The doctor lifted his head off the nurse&#8217;s breast.
Did you Ms. Lewis, did you beg them to ram their dicks in your pussy?&nbsp; Did you wrap your legs around their backs and fuck them?
Nooooo, pleeeasseeee stop this!&nbsp; Brooke was sobbing.&nbsp; 
Ms. Lewis, answer the question.&nbsp; 
Yes, I begged them to fuck me, they kept slapping my face and smacking my breasts.&nbsp; It hurt.&nbsp; Brooke twisted her head to the side and cried.&nbsp; 
The doctor had his hand on the nurse&#8217;s breast and was digging his fingers into her flesh.
Did you wrap your legs around them and squeeze that tight pussy of yours on their dicks?&nbsp; The muscles of Brooke&#8217;s inner thighs were still twitching.&nbsp; 
No, no, they spread my legs and held me down.
Did you like the feeling Ms. Lewis, one boy after another climbing on top of you, sticking their dicks inside you?&nbsp; Brooke flung her head side to side.&nbsp; 
NOOO!
Did they all cum in your pussy Ms. Lewis?&nbsp; Brooke was sobbing louder now.
No, they all shoot on my tits so I wouldn&#8217;t get pregnant.&nbsp; Then they beat me with a belt.&nbsp; And, and---Brooke could barely manage to get out the words.&nbsp; 
And then they were ready to cum again so they made me kneel and suck them all at once.&nbsp; Then, then they all shot their loads in my face and left.&nbsp; Brooke was balling. 
Did you get all their nice gooey cum in your hair my dear?
Yes, yes&#8212;&nbsp; Brooke was sobbing as she rolled her head to the side in shame.
I bet that was a pretty sight.&nbsp; The tears streamed down Brooke&#8217;s face as she cried in humiliation.
Don&#8217;t you think that would have been a pretty sight nurse.&nbsp; The girl yelped as the doctor slid his hand up under her skirt and penetrated her recently fucked pussy. 
The nurse had to grit her teeth together as the doctor started driving two fingers in her pussy.
Yes Master.&nbsp; She opened her thighs wider so the doctor could push his finger deeper in her pussy.&nbsp; Her hand gripped the pencil till the skin of her fingers were red.&nbsp; 
You&#8217;d like to lick all that cum off her face, wouldn&#8217;t you nurse.&nbsp; The doctor had one hand playing with her pussy while the other was clamped on her tit and squeezing her delicate breast.
Tell me about your other experiences Ms. Lewis, how many guys have you been with?&nbsp; Brooke kept her eyes closed.&nbsp; She knew the guard was watching her.
8
Did you ever fuck your boss William?
NO!
Did you want to?&nbsp; Brooke remained silent.
Well.&nbsp; She still didn&#8217;t respond.
Well Ms. Lewis, did you want to fuck William.&nbsp; 
YES.&nbsp; I thought about it.&nbsp; Brooke screamed out the words, then sobbed even harder.
Tell me Ms. Lewis, how often do you masturbate?&nbsp; Brooke opened her eyes in shock and looked at the doctor trembling in shame.
II don&#8217;t know. 
Please Ms. Lewis, don&#8217;t be foolish.&nbsp; Brooke held her head low and whispered.
A few times a week.&nbsp; 
Do you use toys, your fingers, vegetables?&nbsp; The doctor took on an air of mocking incredulity as his hands cupped the nurse&#8217;s tits.&nbsp; 
Tell me Ms. Lewis&nbsp; Brooke tried to break free of the bonds once more to no effect.
I have a vibrating dildo.&nbsp; Brooke could hear the pen on paper, she didn&#8217;t want to believe this was all being taken down.
Do you imagine yourself being raped, or tied up?&nbsp; Brooke was silent, she didn&#8217;t want to admit that she fantasized about being kidnapped and locked away, being told what to do.&nbsp; It was too dirty to even think about.
Ms. Lewis?
Sometimes.&nbsp; Brooke could barely get out the word, the doctor pointed to the pad and the nurse took down more notes, recording her responses in lurid detail.
Ms. Lewis, do you like the taste of cum?
No!&nbsp; Brooke responded immediately, the doctor smiled and slapped the nurse&#8217;s tits.&nbsp; 
Well Ms. Lewis, I think we&#8217;ll have to continue our conversation another time, I&#8217;d like to know more, but I think you&#8217;ve got to get off to work.&nbsp; Brooke didn&#8217;t even know what time it was, the day was already becoming a blur.
Guard, you may remove the bonds and take her to get tagged and fitted.&nbsp; The doctor handed the guard a piece of paper as he started removing the straps from around Brooke&#8217;s arms and legs.&nbsp; She could feel her pussy was still moist, she jerked, yelping softly as the guard ran his finger over her clit.&nbsp; 
The guard didn&#8217;t bother binding her wrists.&nbsp; It wasn&#8217;t like she could go anyplace as Brooke felt his meaty hands encircling her arm.&nbsp; 
Brooke&#8217;s legs were weary as she saw the nurse fall to her knees in front of the doctor, the girl had his dick out and was sucking him before she was pulled out of the room.&nbsp; 
The guard lead her along down the hallways as he pleased, there wasn&#8217;t much she could do to fight him even if she wanted to.&nbsp; 
They moved down the halls, Brooke kept her head low desperately trying to avoid meeting anybody&#8217;s eyes.&nbsp; Every time they passed somebody, be it a man, or a woman, Brooke felt her face go flush with shame.&nbsp; 
We&#8217;re here.&nbsp; The guard stopped at another unadorned door, it creaked as it opened and he pushed her ahead inside.&nbsp; 


To be continued


Thanks for reading. I always appreciate comments, it's always encouraging, and I love hearing from females who like my work.&nbsp; Thanks.semiater&nbsp; semiater@yahoo.com











Adventures of Brooke
By 
Semiater (aspererus@yahoo.com)

Chapter Three

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke could feel the flushness in her face, the complete and utter humiliation she felt was smoldering in her belly as the guard&#8217;s meaty hand let go of her arm and pushed her to her knees.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hands behind your neck, spread your legs.&nbsp; Brooke&#8217;s eyes were moist and she was ready to start sobbing at any moment as she stared up at the guard looming over her.&nbsp; She felt the towering man&#8217;s heavy boots against her knee, spreading her legs wider till she almost lost her balance.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Wait here.&nbsp; He reached out and cupped her breast, squeezing her soft flesh in his fingers.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;ve got nice tits slut, I&#8217;m glad you decided to sign on, I&#8217;m going to enjoy fucking you.&nbsp;&nbsp; Brooke could feel the tears streaking down her cheeks as the man let go of her breast and her flesh bounced gently, her nipples were rock hard and achingly sensitive.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke could feel the strain in her lower back as she held the awkward position, her breasts were thrust out and she could feel the cool air on her naked, exposed pussy.&nbsp; She could feel the blood pounding through her head and she felt like she was hyperventilating as she waited to be fitted.&nbsp; She didn&#8217;t exactly know what that meant, but she felt butterflies in the pit of her stomach at the thought, in part driven by fear, in part driven by the knowledge that she was now the property of another.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke whimpered softly as a man in a long white lab coat entered the room.&nbsp; Behind him was another beautiful girl, she was pulled along by a leash attached to her neck collar, her breasts were large and her nipples were rock hard and red from obvious manipulation.&nbsp; She was gagged, the leather harness cut across her face and a long rubber dildo jutted from her mouth, it was glistening in the bright lights and Brooke could see the juices from some other girl coating her face.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Is this the new girl?&nbsp; The man in the lab coat stared down at Brooke, she felt her face go flush with shame again and moved her eyes to the floor so she didn&#8217;t have to look up at the man.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yeah, it&#8217;s one of the new sluts.&nbsp; The man in the lab coat took hold of the invoice the guard handed him and looked over the papers.&nbsp; The girl on the leash fell to her knees by his side, Brooke could hear the buzzing of the dildos buried in her pussy and ass come to life as the girl&#8217;s eyes glazed over with lust and need.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke let out a squeal of surprise as the man in the lab coat smacked her breast hard with his open hand.&nbsp; She snapped her eyes shut expecting to be slapped as he brought his hand toward her face and petted her scalp, he moved his fingers softly through her hair.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I think this one is going to be popular, she&#8217;s a cute little slut, isn&#8217;t she?&nbsp; The man flicked her nipple with his finger, making Brooke wiggle in discomfort.&nbsp; He read over the papers like she wasn&#8217;t even there. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Has she had all her tests yet?&nbsp; The man in the lab coat spoke to the guard as he ran his hair through Brooke&#8217;s hair.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yeah, but they&#8217;re waiting on results.&nbsp; The man cupped Brooke&#8217;s chin between his fingers and arched her head up so she was looking him in the eyes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Too bad, I&#8217;d love to fuck you right now slut.&nbsp; He let go of her cheeks and set her papers down on the counter.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Let&#8217;s check you out quickly, stand up.&nbsp; Brooke took her hands from behind her neck and put them nervously by her side, she could feel the eyes upon her as she got to her feet.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lean forward, elbows on the table, legs spread.&nbsp; Brooke whimpered unconsciously as she felt the cool air on her throbbing clit, she couldn&#8217;t help it, her body was on fire.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Spread&#8217;em more.&nbsp; Brooke sobbed as she spread her legs wider, her elbows were on the cold table, her whole body jerked as her nipples grazed the frigid surface.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I know you&#8217;re going to like this slut.&nbsp; Brooke could feel the man move close behind her, she let out a gasp as she felt his hand on her hip.&nbsp; She softly bit her lip as his palm trailed over her skin, moving between her spread thighs.&nbsp; She closed her eyes and the air whistled between her teeth as he worked his finger over her swollen labia, he slid one, then two, fingers easily into her soaking pussy.&nbsp; He started working his finger side to side inside her throbbing slit, making her moan in pleasure as he sought out her sensitive button.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it cunt, you know what you&#8217;re made for.&nbsp; Brooke felt her legs start to shake and tremble involuntarily as he worked her expertly, she didn&#8217;t want to cum again, she didn&#8217;t want to orgasm at the hands of this man, in front of the guard and the other girl, but she couldn&#8217;t help it, she felt her pussy clamping down on his invading fingers and squeezing him tight as he rubbed her g-spot and made her start to screech in delight.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; Oh God!&nbsp; Brooke&#8217;s legs went weak and she almost collapsed, she could hear herself panting and she clamped her thighs tight on the man&#8217;s hand as he fingered her, plunging his digits deep inside her convulsing belly.&nbsp; She could feel the tears of disgrace streaking down her cheeks in the midst of her delighted cries of orgasm.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it you dirty fucking whore.&nbsp; Brooke moaned in desperation as the words burned her to the core, making her want to scream in embarrassment and utter humiliation.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The man pulled his hand from her pussy with an audible, slurping, pop.&nbsp; Her stomach was convulsing as her muscles twitched and throbbed, she could feel her juices cascading down her inner thighs.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Face me slut.&nbsp; Brooke felt her cheeks go flush as she struggled to raise herself upright.&nbsp; She didn&#8217;t want to turn and see the men staring at her, but she knew she had no choice.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hands behind your head!&nbsp; Brooke felt her breasts tremble as she tried to choke back the tears.&nbsp; Her pussy continued to tingle and pulse, her body was on fire.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke yelped in surprise as she felt the man&#8217;s open hand smack her breast, at first she was shocked, then she recoiled in pain as again and again he brought his palm down on her over sensitive breasts.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Let&#8217;s get to work honey, he tapped the padded chair next to him, climb up here, spread those legs, it&#8217;s time to get you fitted.&nbsp; Brooke sniffled, still trying to stifle the tears, she felt the goosepimples rise on her skin, she still couldn&#8217;t believe that she was now just a piece of meat, her breasts quivered as she hopped up on the clinical seat.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Legs up!&nbsp; Brooke felt the rough plastic stirrups under her knees, she felt so open and exposed, she just wanted to run and hide.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You are a gorgeous little tramp, aren&#8217;t you?&nbsp; She felt his cold, rough, hands moving over her inner thighs, he flicked her swollen clit with the tip of his finger making Brooke squeal in a mixture of pain and delight.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I see from the measurements you&#8217;ve got a tight little cunt Ms. Lewis, and with the exercises, I&#8217;m sure you&#8217;re going to make many a cock pleased.&nbsp; The man snickered at her as he locked her legs in the stirrups, he spread the mechanism wider till she didn&#8217;t think she could open her legs any further.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She tried to close her eyes and ignore what was happening, she&#8217;d never felt so embarrassed in her life, what had she done joining the club, what had she been thinking?&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Let&#8217;s get that pussy filled.&nbsp; The man in the lab coat snapped is fingers, Brooke opened her eyes and saw the girl with the dildo crawl between her spread thighs.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke felt the waves of humiliation cascade over her body as she sat there, her legs open so wide as the naked girl knelt between her legs.&nbsp; She let out an unintentional moan of pleasure as she felt the tip of the dildo touch her sex.&nbsp; She looked down and saw the girls wide eyes staring up at her as the jutting shaft slipped in aching cunt, slowly the girl eased the thick shaft deeper and deeper in her snatch, spreading her pussy lips ever wider as the smooth rubber impaled in her sex.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke was gasping, sobbing, as she felt the long dildo penetrating her deeply.&nbsp; She let out a moan as she felt the girl&#8217;s nose against her pussy, forcing the shaft as deep as it would go in her belly.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Well get to work cunt, we need to keep Ms. Lewis occupied, don&#8217;t we?&nbsp; The man in the lab coat laughed as he slapped the girl on the back.&nbsp; Instantly she started bucking forward, pumping the fake cock into Brooke&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She barely felt the man to her side.&nbsp; She heard the clang of metal and turned to see him there beside her.&nbsp; Brooke felt the man in the lab coat holding her ankle, fitting the collar around her leg, but she couldn&#8217;t concentrate, not with the dildo plunging into her sopping sex over and over.&nbsp; She moaned uncontrollably as again and again the girl buried the shaft in her tingling, throbbing, sex.&nbsp; She didn&#8217;t hardly notice the metal growing tighter around her ankle till if fit snuggly and was locked in place.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke&#8217;s eyes snapped open as she felt the long dildo slip from her pussy.&nbsp; She wanted to cry out in desperation as she felt the needy void in her cunt.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It&#8217;s time for your new toys.&nbsp; Brooke moaned as he moved his hand over her thighs and eased a finger in her soaking pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It&#8217;s too bad, I&#8217;d love to fuck you right now slut.&nbsp; Brooke couldn&#8217;t help it and groaned as he forced a second finger into her shuddering sex, then he pulled his hand away quickly.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh well, at least we won&#8217;t need any lube.&nbsp; The man chuckled, the sound of his, and the guards, mocking laughter was just too much, she put her hands to her face and started wailing in utter humiliation.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke let out a squeal as she felt the tip of the vibrator against he labia, it went easily into her quivering belly till just the tip barely jutted from her snatch.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Perfect fit.&nbsp; The man in the lab coat smacked the inside of her thighs, Brooke could feel every inch of the shaft in her pussy, it wasn&#8217;t so much uncomfortable, but she definitely noticed the size of the dildo buried in her body.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This one will probably be a little tighter.&nbsp; He grinned down at her, his gleaming white teeth were fully visible as he stared down at her.&nbsp; Brooke let out a squeal of discomfort as she felt the head of the plug against her sphincter, she cried out as the man started forcing it deeper and deeper in her body.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;d better get used to it cunt.&nbsp; Brooke screeched as the man pushed hard on the shaft and it slammed to the hilt in her ass.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke was panting as she felt the uncomfortable fullness in her rectum.&nbsp; The man worked quickly and attached the thong to the intrusions in her body and pulled it up around her waist, locking it in place.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Almost done.&nbsp; Brooke was sobbing, crying, she didn&#8217;t know what to do, what to think, she could feel the shafts deep in her pussy and ass, the thong was strapped tight around her hips, she knew she couldn&#8217;t rub herself if she wanted to, but she also knew that any man in the club could now drive her to orgasm with the vibrators.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She felt like she was going to choke as the thick leather collar went around her neck, it was tight and she didn&#8217;t think she could breathe as the man snapped the lock shut on the collar.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Just like every woman should be, collared.&nbsp; The man in the lab coat ran his hand over her trembling belly.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You just need your heels on now.&nbsp; Brooke could hardly breathe as she felt the man caressing her foot before he slipped the heel on, at first it felt normal, then she felt the straps being looped around her ankle and locked in place.&nbsp; Looking down, she couldn&#8217;t believe how tall the heels were, she&#8217;d never worn anything like them in her life.&nbsp; Brooke could feel something under the soles of her feet, little bumps almost pressing against her flesh.&nbsp; It didn&#8217;t bother her now, but she knew after hours on her feet, they would drive her crazy with pain.&nbsp; She felt the man in the lab coat tighten the last strap on her ankle and she looked down at the massive, towering, heels attached to her feet.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;All done.&nbsp; The man took hold of Brooke&#8217;s breast and pinched her nipple between his fingers.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God I want to fuck you, you&#8217;re a hot little cunt.&nbsp; He let go of Brooke&#8217;s breast. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I guess you&#8217;ll have to do.&nbsp; The man in the lab coat grabbed for the other girl&#8217;s hair as she knelt between Brooke&#8217;s spread thighs.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get over there.&nbsp; Brooke could hear the girl yelp as the man tugged on her scalp and pushed her toward the table, the glistening dildo jutting from her mouth bobbed up and down as she shuffled across the room.&nbsp; She bent down over the edge, pressing her chest against the wooden surface, lifting her ass in the air as she spread her legs wide ready to be mounted and used.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Aren&#8217;t you jealous slut.&nbsp; The man in the lab coat took Brooke&#8217;s chin between his fingers and turned her head toward the girl.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I know you want to get fucked, bad, don&#8217;t you?&nbsp; Brooke yelped as the man pinched her jaw hard. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t worry, I think you&#8217;re going to be a busy girl soon enough!&nbsp; He let go of her face and laughed as he moved toward the girl bent over the table, slowly undoing the buckle on his pants as he stepped behind her and smacked his palm down on her ass.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I guess you&#8217;re the lucky one then bitch.&nbsp; In an instant he had her thong down around her knees and the vibrators popped from her sopping holes with ease.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke couldn&#8217;t take her eyes off the scene, she watched fixated as the man in the lab coat smacked his hand down on her back and buried his cock in her ass brutally, he had hold of her hair and was tugging hard on her scalp as he started pounding into her from behind, she could hear the girl grunting in pain as she was fucked hard.&nbsp; Her body jerked forward with every brutal thrust of his dick into her ass, Brooke felt her heart beating faster and faster as she watched the man rutting the girl, using her like a rag doll, indifferent to her pain, or pleasure.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The sound of flesh smacking flesh echoed through the room.&nbsp; Brooke could feel the massive shafts filling her pussy and ass and the rubber tips of the thong holding her clit.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it cunt, I&#8217;m going to cum in that tight little ass of yours!&nbsp; The man in the lab coat pounded into the girl making her scream with the violent fucking.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;AAAAHHHHHH!!!!&nbsp; Brooke heard the man bellow like a wild animal as he tugged hard on the girl&#8217;s hair, cruelly ripping at her scalp as he buried his dick in her ass and slammed to the hilt, pumping her body full of hot cum.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it whore!&nbsp; Brooke watched transfixed as she the man jerked his hips against her ass, milking every last drop of semen into her body.&nbsp; The girl&#8217;s head bobbed up and down, the glistening dildo like a jutting horn from her lips.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The man in the lab coat tugged on the girl&#8217;s hair, arching her head back till her neck was strained, Brooke felt her heart beating as she thought about getting used like the girl, getting fucked up the ass like a dog, without the slightest care for her pleasure.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God I love a tight little ass!&nbsp; The man in the lab coat finally let go of the girl&#8217;s hair and pulled his raging dick out of her body, Brooke could see the purple, menacing cock still dripping with cum.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Clean me cunt!&nbsp; He slapped the girl hard across the ass, there was a confused look in the girl&#8217;s eyes, it&#8217;s not like she could lick the man&#8217;s shaft clean with the dildo in her mouth.&nbsp; She fell to her knees and rubbed her cheek against the man&#8217;s slimy cock, then used her long hair to wipe him dry.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke was in shock, she felt sympathetic humiliation as the girl stared over at her, her face sticky with cum and her own juices.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ll take a piece of that ass, get back up here cunt!&nbsp; The guard smacked the girl&#8217;s breast hard and pushed her back over the edge of the table.&nbsp; In an instant he had hold of her hips and was pounding into her with his massive, weapon like, cock.&nbsp; The cries of the girl rang through the room, but Brooke could hardly concentrate on them as the man in the lab coat was between her legs, slapping her breasts with his palm and tugging on her nipples till she had to squeal in pain.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She didn&#8217;t know how long the torture lasted, her tits were aching and she just wanted to cry when the guard finally finished using the other girl and pulled up his trousers.&nbsp; Her legs were like jell-o as they pulled her from the stirrups and set her on the floor.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t worry slut, I&#8217;m going to come find you when your tests come back.&nbsp; The man in the lab coat eased a finger in her mouth, pressing down on her tongue making her gag.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;m sure you&#8217;re one a hell of a cocksucker, his hand slipped down over her chest and went between her thighs, but I want to use that tight little cunt of yours.&nbsp; He smiled and smacked the girl kneeling on the floor across the breast.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I guess I&#8217;ll just have to deal with her for right now.&nbsp; The guard grabbed for Brooke and moved her easily.&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke was almost out the door, the guard had his thick meaty hand locked around her arm, he pulled her to a sudden stop as the man in the lab coat called out to them.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh, we forgot to test out your new toys, didn&#8217;t we honey?&nbsp; Brooke felt her heart skip a beat.&nbsp; Her knees almost buckled when she felt the vibrators in her body suddenly turn on.&nbsp; She could feel the dildo in her pussy buzzing violently, it sent a shiver up her spine as her body started to react, again.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;How do you like that sweetie?&nbsp; Brooke moaned involuntarily as the rubber nubs that held her clit started to work too, vibrating ferociously.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh God!&nbsp; Brooke collapsed to her knees as the powerful electric motors buzzed hard against her aching, sensitive pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;OOOOOOUUUUUUUCCCCCHHHHHHHHHH!!!!&nbsp;&nbsp; Brooke screamed and fell to the floor, writhing in pain as brutal electric shocks ripped through her body.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;STTTOOOOPPPPPP!!!&nbsp; She screeched in unbelievable pain as again and again the current shot through her frame.&nbsp; She didn&#8217;t know how long it lasted, but when the cruel blasts of electricity finally stopped Brooke was thrashing about on the floor, her pussy and ass burning from the violent shocks.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I guess we didn&#8217;t tell you about that part of the toys, did we?&nbsp; The man in the lab coat and the guard stood over Brooke as she squirmed in pain on the ground.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get up slut!&nbsp; Brooke put her hands between her thighs and cupped her aching pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I said get up!&nbsp; She struggled to her knees, feeling the burning in her snatch from the brutal shocks.&nbsp; The guard grabbed for Brooke&#8217;s arm and held her upright.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The man in the lab coat thrust the vibrator and plug back in the other girl&#8217;s body, she groaned as the thick shafts slipped easily in her cum filled holes.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t worry, I&#8217;ll take care of this one.&nbsp; He pulled the thong up around the girl&#8217;s hips as the guard held tight to Brooke&#8217;s arm.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;d better get her to the lounge, I think they&#8217;re waiting on her.&nbsp; The man in the lab coat smacked the girl with the dildo jutting from between her teeth across the face.&nbsp; He seemed to loose interest in Brooke and the guard dragged her into the hallway.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke could barely breathe, her nipples ached, and trying to walk with the high heels on was torture.&nbsp; The band around her ankle felt like a huge weight, though it barely weighed a few ounces.&nbsp; The guard had hold of her elbow, he gently tugged her toward the lounge, she could feel the moistness on her forehead and on her belly as she sweated in fear.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Time to put you to work.&nbsp;&nbsp; Brooke could barely hear over the ringing in her ears, her head was pounding and she could feel the shafts buried deep in her pussy and ass, they were thick, and wide, and filled her completely.&nbsp; She knew they could start vibrating or shock her at any second and she didn&#8217;t think she could take it if they did.&nbsp; She could feel the small rubber tips on the inside of the thong holding her clit, she could feel the sweat on her brow as she thought about the man in the lab coat and the guard, and how they&#8217;d tested the vibrators on her after they&#8217;d inserted the dildos and pulled the thong over her hips.&nbsp; She felt the butterflies in her belly start to stir as they approached the lounge and she thought she might pass out she was so light-headed.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

To be continued

Thanks for reading and I hope you&#8217;ve enjoyed the story.&nbsp; Sorry for the long delay, I should have an additional chapter up shortly, as well as another in the Cheerleaders&#8217; tale.&nbsp; I always appreciate comments, it's always encouraging, and I love hearing from women who like my work.&nbsp; ThanksJohn (Semiater) aspererus@yahoo.com









Adventures of Brooke
By 
Semiater (aspererus@yahoo.com)

Chapter Four

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke let out a small yelp as the guard opened the door to the lounge and she saw the garish lights of the place, she felt the heavy beat of the music through her body as the huge man tugged her forward to where Nathan was waiting for her immediately inside the entryway.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hello my dear.&nbsp; Nathan reached out and stroked her chest, moving his hand slowly down between her heaving breasts and over her twitching belly.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;How do you like your new toys.&nbsp; Brooke almost collapsed as she felt the vibrators in her pussy, ass, and against her clit, come to life. Her knees almost buckled as the pulsing motors were pushed to high.&nbsp; She couldn&#8217;t stop herself from groaning as the vibrators went faster than either the guard or the man in the lab coat had tested on her previously.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God, please, stop, please, I can&#8217;t take it anymore&nbsp; Brooke&#8217;s voice trailed off as her legs shuddered, she fell to her knees as a monumental orgasm ripped through her belly.&nbsp; She rolled on her back, on the floor, and started writhing, her legs butter-flying in and out as the vibrators worked hard and fast inside of her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get up slut.&nbsp; Nathan stood over her, Brooke&#8217;s eyes were closed, her mouth was open and her tongue was out, panting in need, like a bitch in heat.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The buzzing stopped and Brooke opened her eyes, she felt completely and utterly humiliated as she stared up at Nathan and the guard who loomed over her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get up slut, you&#8217;d better learn to control yourself better than that, you&#8217;re not here for your pleasure.&nbsp; Brooke was tugged to her feet roughly by the guard.&nbsp; She could feel her face go flush with the embarrassment, she couldn&#8217;t believe she&#8217;d let herself to orgasm in front of the men so easily.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Nathan pulled a small little pager from his pocket and typed in a code.&nbsp; Almost instantly a girl raced across the floor and approached them.&nbsp; She fell to her knees in front of him with her serving tray by her side.&nbsp; She was petite, young, an utterly beautiful Japanese girl with fine, delicate, features.&nbsp; Her nose was pierced, a ring dangled from her septum, she had large breasts for an Asian girl with dark, erect, nipples that were pierced through and had heavy silver rings hanging from her tits.&nbsp; She had long black hair that fell to the small of her back and was tied up in a pony tail.&nbsp; Brooke couldn&#8217;t believe how easily, and naturally, she&#8217;d moved on the towering heels strapped around her ankles.&nbsp; Brooke herself felt like she&#8217;d tip and fall at any moment.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Nathan stood over the Asian girl, she stared up at him with wide, submissive eyes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;re going to train this new slut tonight, and you&#8217;d better not screw up.&nbsp; Nathan reached out and grabbed the ring in her nose, arching her head back violently.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master, I will do my best.&nbsp; Brooke felt the wetness of her pussy as she felt the intrusions in her belly buzzing softly as she stared down at the obsequious girl.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What&#8217;s your name slave?&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This slave&#8217;s name is Kiku, I am girl #878.&nbsp; Nathan let go of her nose ring.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Go get her a tit tray.&nbsp; The small girl got to her feet deftly and disappeared toward the bar.&nbsp; Nathan stepped forward and stood in front of Brooke. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;re going to be a serving wench tonight, watch, observe, and learn quickly, just because you&#8217;re training, that doesn&#8217;t mean fuck-ups won&#8217;t be punished.&nbsp; Brooke yelped as he squeezed her jaw between his fingers.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Understand me slut?&nbsp; He let go of her face and Brooke responded instantly.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master.&nbsp; She could feel her heart start pounding as she said the words.&nbsp; She was still having a hard time grasping that she was now merely a piece of property that men could do with as they pleased.&nbsp; She felt the ringing in her ears, but she couldn&#8217;t deny the fire that was smoldering in her pussy as the tiny Asian girl approached again.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;If anybody asks, you&#8217;re name is #950, understand?&nbsp; He reached out and pinched her nipple between his finger and twisted violently, sending a jolt of pain through Brooke&#8217;s frame.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master.&nbsp; She gasped in relief as he let go of her breast, but her respite from torment would be short-lived.&nbsp; Already her feet were throbbing in pain from the small balls in her heels, her calves ached and her pussy was pulsing uncomfortably, she couldn&#8217;t relieve her need if she wanted to.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Give me the tray.&nbsp; The small Asian girl was on her knees, she handed Nathan the modified serving tray, Brooke had seen it before when she&#8217;d first visited the bar on her tour, already she could feel the pain in her nipples as she anticipated what was going to happen next.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Nathan attached the tray to Brooke&#8217;s thong and then ran a supporting strap around her waist.&nbsp; Brooke gasped as he took hold of her nipples and started manipulating them brutally.&nbsp; They were already erect with the cool air and her excitement, but still he rubbed the sensitive flesh hard between his fingers.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Move carefully, you&#8217;d better not drop any drinks slut, we&#8217;ve got stronger clamps if you need them.&nbsp; Brooke let out a squeal of discomfort as the first rubber coated clamp closed on her left breast.&nbsp; He barely gave her time for the pain to subside before he snapped the other clip on her right tit.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke sobbed as Nathan let the weight of the tray down on her nipples, stretching them taut.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You look pretty slave.&nbsp; A single tear streaked down Brooke&#8217;s cheek as Nathan stood back.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh, one more thing.&nbsp; Nathan stepped forward.&nbsp; He pulled a felt tipped marker from his pocket.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Just so everybody knows you&#8217;re a trainee.&nbsp; Brooke felt completely humiliated as he started writing across her forehead, like she was some white-board in a conference room.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s better.&nbsp; Nathan put the marker back in his pocket and pushed down on the tray making Brooke groan in pain again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I think you&#8217;re about ready to start working.&nbsp; He snapped his fingers and the Asian girl staggered to her feet.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get to her to work.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke&#8217;s eyes were moist as she shuffled behind the other girl, she felt humiliated, and her breasts ached with the weight of the tray hanging from her nipples.&nbsp; The platter rose and fell as she moved, tugging down on her sensitive flesh brutally as she struggled to keep up with the petite Asian girl she followed.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her heart was beating like mad as they stepped up to the first booth, she heard the Asian girl groan as her legs started to tremble.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hello Kiku, how are you doing tonight?&nbsp; There were two men seated in the booth, Brooke swore she recognized one as a local newscaster, but she didn&#8217;t have any idea who the other one was, the man who spoke to the girl.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Very well Master, thank you for asking about this useless slave girl.&nbsp; The man reached out and ran his hand over her belly, Brooke could hear the vibrators going in her thong as small body shuddered.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I might like to use you tonight.&nbsp; Brooke felt the ringing in her ear&#8217;s, it was all so real now, her pussy was throbbing like she&#8217;d never felt before, the idea that she was a slave, to be used purely for somebody else&#8217;s whims and pleasure.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master, if you choose to use me I will make every effort to please you sir, that is my purpose in life Master, to please and worship your cock.&nbsp; Would you like me to reserve a room for you?&nbsp; Brooke felt the eyes of the other man on her as the little Asian girl spoke, her ears felt like they were burning up they were so red with shame.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Perhaps, let me have a few drinks and dinner before I decide.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master.&nbsp; He cupped his chin contemplatively and looked Brooke up and down.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So who is this, obviously a trainee.&nbsp; The men laughed and Brooke felt humiliated to the core of her being.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She&#8217;s a new girl sir, number 950.&nbsp; Brooke felt her mouth go dry as he snapped his fingers and motioned her to step forward.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Pretty little slut, isn&#8217;t she.&nbsp; The men exchanged glances and they both reached out and touched her; the one stroking her stretched tits, the other running his fingers over the inside of her thighs.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;How long have you been here slave?&nbsp; It seemed like the words came to her from a million miles away.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This is my first day sir.&nbsp; She felt the vibrators in her thong come to life and she couldn&#8217;t restrain the groan that escaped her lips.&nbsp; She started whining louder and louder as buzzing grew stronger inside her while the men looked her over like a piece of meat.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Very nice.&nbsp; Brooke&#8217;s legs were trembling as she stood there, almost toppling over from the constant arousal of the vibrators.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ll have to check you out another time.&nbsp; The man took hold of Kiku&#8217;s hip and pulled her close to him, making her lean forward and press her pierced nipples against his cheek.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I think I am going to use my little Asian slut tonight after all.&nbsp; Brooke could see the girl blush with pride.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Thank you Master.&nbsp; Would you like to take me into the dungeons?&nbsp; The man started sucking on the little girl&#8217;s nipples, pulling at the ring with his teeth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We&#8217;ll see slut.&nbsp; He ran his hand over her thigh as he pushed her from his lap.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Can I get you a drink Master?&nbsp; Brooke couldn&#8217;t even hear him place his order, her mind was racing, trying to deal with the conflicting, confusing, emotions that ran through her head.&nbsp; She hesitated for an instant as the petite girl turned and headed for the bar.&nbsp; Nervously she raced to catch up with her, almost falling as she stumbled on her towering heels.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke groaned as the bartender set the heavy glass tumblers on her tray, tugging down on her nipples brutally, she moaned as the clamps bit harder into her sensitive flesh.&nbsp; She whimpered softly as he placed a bowl of nuts and snack mix next to the glasses adding to the weight.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Drinks up.&nbsp; The man behind the counter smiled at her cruelly and gave her a wink as he watched the metal clips distending her nipples.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took all Brooke&#8217;s effort not to spill the drinks, they were filled to the brim and swayed as she moved.&nbsp; It took all her concentration to put one foot in front of the other and try to keep the tray level.&nbsp; She barely felt the pain in her tits over the fear of letting the liquor topple over the edge of the glass.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Here are your drinks Masters&#8217;.&nbsp; The small Asian girl took the tumblers from the tray first and Brooke gasped as the weight suddenly came off her nipples.&nbsp; Brooke groaned as the bowls of snacks were finally removed from the tray and the tension in her breasts was relieved, slightly.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You are pretty slave, I&#8217;ll have to check you out later.&nbsp; The man moved the back of his hand over her quaking belly before grabbing the small Asian girl and pulling her into his lap again.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ll come get you later my little Asian doll.&nbsp; He locked his mouth on the girl&#8217;s and thrust his tongue down her throat before finally letting her up.&nbsp; Brooke could see the flushness in Kiku&#8217;s face as she got to her feet on uneasy legs.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Thank you Master, I look forward to pleasing you.&nbsp; She grinned with pride and Brooke could have sworn the girl orgasmed as her thighs trembled.&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke could barely stand it anymore, she didn&#8217;t know how many drinks she&#8217;d served, her nipples were numb and her legs ached worse than they ever had before.&nbsp; She didn&#8217;t know how many times she&#8217;d been forced to orgasm, every table teased her with the vibrators, the trainee scrawled across her scalp gave the men never ending joy, and purpose, to torment her.&nbsp; She could barely keep up with the petite Asian girl as she moved from table to table, she wondered if it had been a huge mistake to join the club. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke followed Kiku to a table with five men seated at it, they were all in suits and looked like professionals.&nbsp; Without any pretext or formalities, one of the men spoke.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I want you slut.&nbsp; Kiku squealed as one of the men at the table grabbed for her ringed nipple and tugged hard.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master, would you like me to get a room for you, so you can use this useless slave in private?&nbsp; Brooke could see the way the Asian girl gritted her teeth with pain as he pulled on her breast.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No, I want you now!&nbsp; Brooke didn&#8217;t know where he got it, or why he had it, but the man took a long silver chain from his pocket and clipped the hook at one end to the ring in the Asian girl&#8217;s nose.&nbsp; He was on his feet in a second, dragging the girl by the leash toward a low ottoman in the corner of the lounge.&nbsp; The cushioned surface was surrounded by low seats.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You want her ass?&nbsp; The man called out to one of his buddy&#8217;s as he pulled the Asian girl till she was kneeling on the circular couch.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yeah, what the hell.&nbsp; Kiku moaned as the man holding on to the leash worked his fingers up under her thong and slipped it down her legs easily.&nbsp; Brooke could see her pussy quivering as the man eased the long shafts from her pussy and ass.&nbsp; She saw a glint in the light and realized her clit and labia were pierced and ringed.&nbsp; Brooke jumped in surprise as one of the men came up behind her and grabbed for her breasts, he started mauling her tits, burying his fingers in her soft flesh as he leaned down and whispered into her ear.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I bet you want to be her, don&#8217;t you, to have a real cock in your pussy right now.&nbsp; Brooke moaned involuntarily as he manipulated her breasts, she hated to believe it, but her sex was on fire and her knees wobbled, threatening to fall as he lapped his tongue in her ear.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You want it, don&#8217;t you slut?&nbsp; Brooke yelped as the clamps bit down on her nipples brutally when he pushed down on the tray.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t worry, when you&#8217;re ready for use, we&#8217;ll be back, maybe we&#8217;ll all take you back into one of the dungeon rooms and whip your ass till you beg us to fuck you.&nbsp; He let go of her tits and started laughing.&nbsp; Brooke felt her face go red with shame as her inner thighs trembled and she thought her pussy would explode.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The small Asian girl was seated on the edge of the ottoman, her legs were spread wide and she was fingering her clit.&nbsp; Her pussy was juicing like mad as two of the men stripped out of their pants and started fondling their cocks in front of her.&nbsp; Brooke stared as the confluence of the girl&#8217;s legs, she was shaved bare, completely smooth, and her labia were swollen and throbbing.&nbsp; The little girl took hold of the two men&#8217;s cocks and started stroking them deftly with her small hands, keeping her thighs spread wide as she ground her ass on the edge of the cushion.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You wanna fuckee all night long?&nbsp; The man roared in laughter as he mocked her, pushing her on her back on the ottoman.&nbsp; The girl instantly started rubbing her pussy again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master, that&#8217;s all I&#8217;m good for, please fuck me!&nbsp; One of the men climbed on the ottoman, his cock was long and hard and jutted from his belly as he got on his back and tapped his leg.&nbsp; The girl instantly ambled over his thighs and squatted over his erect prick.&nbsp; She gently spread her ass and lowered herself down on his thick shaft.&nbsp; Brooke heard her grunt as the head of his cock disappeared into her tight little hole, the inside of her thighs corded with effort as she sank down on his prick, impaling herself completely on the man&#8217;s cock.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;How do you like that slut, hot, isn&#8217;t it?&nbsp; Brooke groaned as the vibrators came to life in her pussy.&nbsp; She started choking as the man moved behind her and circled her body with his arm, he brought his hand to her lips and rammed three fingers in her mouth.&nbsp; He started face fucking her with his hand as she watched the man with the leash climb on top of the little Asian girl and buried his dick in her pussy.&nbsp; Her legs were spread impossibly wide and she almost disappeared between the pair of naked men as they started double teaming her.&nbsp; Brooke wanted to retch as the man behind her kept thrusting his fingers in her mouth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I bet you wish it were my cock down your throat instead of my fingers, don&#8217;t you slut?&nbsp; Brooke gagged as she felt the fingers at the back of her throat.&nbsp; Her knees shook violently as the vibrators in her pussy were buzzing out of control.&nbsp; She closed her eyes and moaned as a monumental orgasm ripped through her belly, she would have collapsed if the man face fucking her with his hand didn&#8217;t have his arm wrapped around her. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it slut, I knew you wanted it.&nbsp; Brooke&#8217;s head was pounding, she felt completely and utterly disgusted at her reaction, but she couldn&#8217;t stop her pussy from exploding, her vaginal muscles clamped down on the shafts buried in her belly like her life depended upon it.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master.&nbsp; Brooke whimpered as he pulled his fingers from between her lips and she ground her hips back into the man&#8217;s groin, she could feel his hard cock against her ass and she desperately wanted it in her belly.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master, I want you to fuck me.&nbsp; The words came from her lips before she knew what she was saying.&nbsp; Instantly her face when flush and she jerked upright in complete and utter embarrassment.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it slut.&nbsp; He let go of her waist and laughed.&nbsp; Brooke felt the waves of humiliation cascade over her body as she watched the little Asian girl&#8217;s thighs flop up and down as she got pounded between the men.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke did everything she could to keep from falling to her knees on the floor.&nbsp; The vibrators in her pussy and ass were buzzing like aircraft engines as she stood silently watching the Asian girl get fucked brutally, feeling her face burning up with shame.&nbsp; The pretty little thing was pinned between the two men, her legs flailed wildly in the air as one slammed in her ass while the other pounded in her pussy.&nbsp; She grunted in effort as the two men double-teamed her, her tall heels bounced off the ottomans surface as her legs danced in the air.&nbsp; She was barely visible, her small body was engulfed by the two men, her pierced breasts crushed between the two patrons who used her like a rag doll.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke could feel the eyes upon her as the rest of the men at the table were manipulating the vibrators buried in her holes, trying to make her cum again, but she tried desperately not to look at them.&nbsp; Her body was covered in a sheen of sweat, her belly convulsed, and as much as she tried, she couldn&#8217;t stop moaning as she knew she was about to orgasm again.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One of the men sitting in the booth had the Asian girl by the back of the hair, arching her head back and locking his mouth to hers as his buddy&#8217;s continued to ride the girl in a harsh, rhythmic, fucking.&nbsp; Brooke had never seen such a lewd display, but she couldn&#8217;t take her eyes off the scene, she could only imagine the feel of multiple cocks slamming her sopping pussy and into her tight ass.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Almost in unison the two men bellowed and their hips jerked into the girl, pumping her full of their seed.&nbsp; Brooke felt her mouth go dry and she had to bite her lip to keep from cumming again as she watched the girls legs shudder as she held them high in the air.&nbsp; She could see the girl&#8217;s thighs quivering, trembling as she orgasmed.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke could barely breathe as she looked around the room, wondering if the other people in the bar were watching, but they seemed oblivious, as if things like happened all the time, and she then realized, apparently they did, and again she wondered what she&#8217;d got herself into.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The two men slowly worked themselves off the girl.&nbsp; She slowly brought her legs together, her body was covered with sweat and Brooke could see the cum dribbling from her abused pussy and ass.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On your knees slut.&nbsp; The Asian girl gingerly climbed off the ottoman and fell to her knees as the man tugged on the chain clipped to her nose.&nbsp; She choked on the huge cock that had just fucked her pussy as the man grabbed her by the back of the head and forced his shaft down her throat.&nbsp; Her eyes bulged as he held her lips down around the base of his prick.&nbsp; Her face started to grow redder and redder as the man held her mouth locked on his dick.&nbsp; She let out a grateful gasp as he finally let her mouth off his cock.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Clean me.&nbsp; The little girl instantly started lapping her tongue on the man&#8217;s balls, then worked her mouth up over the length of his shaft till his dick was glistening with her salvia.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke desperately wanted to feel a cock in her mouth, in her pussy, something, anything, to relieve the need that smoldered in her belly.&nbsp; She watched in lust as the tiny Asian girl took the second man&#8217;s cock into her mouth and started licking it clean mere moments after it had been stuffed in her ass.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The small Asian girl squatted on her haunches.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;May I cum Master, please, I&#8217;m just a needy slut and I want it bad.&nbsp; The girl stared up at the men who&#8217;d just used her, her nipples were rock hard as she spread her legs indecently.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes cunt.&nbsp; The man eased up his pants and buckled his pants as the Asian girl started to stroke her clit in earnest.&nbsp; Brooke could see the frantic need in her face as the girl squeezed her breasts and rubbed her pussy as if her life depended upon it.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh GOOODDD, I&#8217;m cumming Master!&nbsp; The girl&#8217;s thighs squeezed in on her hand as her whole body exploded in a torrential orgasm, her frame shuddered violently as she threw back her head, opened her mouth, and squealed in delight.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke stared at the girl as she stayed squatting on her heels, her eyes closed, savoring her orgasm for a good two or three minutes before she regained her composure.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Thank you Master.&nbsp; She gingerly got to her feet and bent over the edge of the ottoman, with her elbows on the surface as she reached back and spread her butt cheeks.&nbsp; Brooke could see the cum seeping out of her ass as her inner thighs quivered.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Would one of you kind sirs please re-insert the dildo and plug in my holes, I&#8217;m just a dirty slut and need them in me, please.&nbsp; Brooke could feel her heart beating, after watching the girl get double-teamed, and then, the way she masturbated and asked for the shafts to be re-inserted in her pussy and ass, her belly was on fire with lust.&nbsp; On the one hand she was totally humiliated, the way they treated her, but on the other, she couldn&#8217;t deny that her body was on fire.&nbsp; She was almost panting as she watched one of the men pick up the long dildos from the floor and start working them deep in the tiny Asian girl&#8217;s holes again.&nbsp; Brooke moaned out loud as she watched the long poles disappearing into the petite girl till they were fully impaled in her tiny body.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I need a drink, get me a tequila on the rocks.&nbsp; She didn&#8217;t hear the man screeching his order at her, she was so distracted watching the thong being locked in place around Kiku&#8217;s waist.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I said get me a drink slut.&nbsp; Brooke yelped in surprise as she felt the open palm on her ass.&nbsp; She nearly jumped out of her skin as she was brought back to reality, she was gasping as the man slapped her on the ass again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I want a tequila on the rocks, do you understand me cunt?&nbsp; Brooke felt her face go flush as she felt the brutal shock ripped through her belly and she fell to her knees howling in pain.&nbsp; Her hands went instantly to her burning pussy trying to make the brutal jolt of electricity stop.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now get me that drink bitch!&nbsp; Brooke struggled to her feet, her slit was on fire and she desperately wanted to cry.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master, sorry Master.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brooke was trembling with fear as she waited for the bartender to place the drink on her tray, her nipples were numb and distended with the tray constantly tugging down on her aching breasts.&nbsp; She yelped with surprise as she felt a soft hand on her shoulder.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;re going to need to be punished for that.&nbsp; Brooke&#8217;s heart was in her throat as she saw Nathan standing behind her.&nbsp; He snapped his fingers and pointed to the Asian girl across the room, instantly she raced across the floor and bowed her head.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master.&nbsp; Her body was covered with a layer of perspiration, her nipples were rock hard and her inner thighs were still quivering from being fucked.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Take this drink to the table, this slave has got other business to attend to.&nbsp; Brooke felt instantly nervous, wondering what they were going to do to her now, what kind of punishment would they inflict on her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master.&nbsp; Brooke watched as the Asian girl scurried back to the table of men you&#8217;d just finished using her.&nbsp; Her heart was pounding a mile a minute as she felt Nathan grab her by the upper arm and start pulling her toward the back of the lounge.&nbsp; 

To be continued 

Thanks for reading and I hope you&#8217;ve enjoyed the story.&nbsp; I always appreciate comments, it's always encouraging, and I love hearing from women who like my work.&nbsp; ThanksJohn (Semiater) aspererus@yahoo.com



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Semiater


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





