BDSM Library - Female Modification Facility




Female Modification Facility
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A very special women's prison where the inmates are forcibly remade to serve society, as sex slaves.Standard warnings apply (i.e if your too young,
  too gullible, or it's plain out illegal don't read any further). The story
  is fictional as are the people it's about. Enjoy.  
The Female Modification
      Facility   
Part 1: Arriving   
Waking up was like climbing a steep hill through
  thick cobwebs. It would have been so much nicer to let herself fall back into
  the comfortable warmth. As her consciousness crept back so too did the pain.
  It was an all over, every crevice of the body ache that intensified at several
  points namely her breasts and lower abdomen.  
She tried to roll over and groaned with the effort.  
"This one's waking up." Said a male voice  
"So? You know procedure. Get her ready to move." Replied
  a disinterested male voice.  
She had not managed yet to open her eyes when she
  felt something being forced onto her feet and around her neck. There was a
  sharp pinch at her upper arm and suddenly she found herself wide awake.  
Glancing around she discovered herself to be in
  some kind of hospital bed. Two men who must have been the ones she had heard
  earlier were standing on either side of her bed, dressed as orderlies.  
"Get up woman." Said the larger of the two commanded.  
Somewhat dazed from her quick awakening she obeyed
  without thinking and was embarrassed to find she was naked. Not completely
  naked she did have the shiny black shoes with uncomfortable 4 inch heels and
  what felt like a wide leather collar.  
"Where&hellip;where are my clothes?" she asked
  bewildered  
"Shut up." Said the disinterested one as he grabbed
  her tit roughly and dragged her to the door.  
Her last glimpse of the room showed whole rows
  of identical beds, most of which were occupied by unconscious women. The hallway
  she was walked through was bare with high barred windows. The door at the end
  was made of prison bars.  
"Welcome home bitch!" said the big guy as they
  dragged her struggling through the door.  
It was a huge three story prison though unlike
  the movies this one was clinically clean. As she was hurried through she caught
  glimpses of the prisoners. They were all women and all naked, save for shoes
  and collars. They were different sizes and shapes but each beautiful in their
  way.  
They passed under a walkway supported by ten pairs
  of clear cylinders. Inside each cylinder was a naked woman their mouths held
  open by some sort of metal gag. Their arms were tied behind their backs but
  this was pointless, the tubes they were in were so narrow their shoulders could
  nearly touch both sides at the same time. Several of the larger breasted women's
  nipples were pressed against the tube. The disturbing thing was that all of
  the tubes were filled, to varying degrees, with a foul looking yellowish brown
  lumpy liquid. Her suspicions were confirmed when she caught a glimpse of the
  label plate hanging above a girl who's tube was filled up to her chin.  
"SEWER" it read. She shuddered as she was dragged
  on down the passageway.  
They turned a corner just before a raised platform
  from which emitted a series of sharp 'CRACK's and female shrieks of pain.  
She was dragged up the stairs to the third floor.
  As she walked several things dawned on her. First, her body felt wrong, unbalanced.
  She couldn't be certain but her boobs felt bigger, heavier for one. That was
  the other problem, try as she might she couldn't remember what she looked like
  or even her own name. Anything before waking up in the 'hospital' was an impenetrable
  fog.  
They stopped in front of a cell that looked no
  different than the others. "Hey! Butt-Fuck! You new roommate's here." The larger
  of the two orderlies said, opening the barred door.  
Inside a small olive skinned woman stood, bowing
  her head low, "Sirs"  
"Her name's Penny," she was thrown into the cell,
  nearly falling at the small woman's feet. "Explain the way things work."  
The newly christened Penny tenderly massaged her
  bruised tit, sniffling pitifully. Without a second look the orderlies walked
  away. Once she was sure the men were out of hearing the dark haired woman helped
  Penny to sit on the single bed.  
"Is your name really Penny?"  
"I&hellip;don't know. I don't think so&hellip;"  
"Then you probably don't remember much else." She
  ran her fingers through her raven hair, "My name, at least now, is Butt-Fuck.
  You can call me BF."  
"Why am I here, in jail?"  
"Oh who knows&hellip;.maybe you did something wrong
  maybe not. This is no normal prison though."  
Penny looked bewildered, "What?"  
"This," BF made a grand gesture encompassing all, "is
  the Specialized Female Modification Facility. Also known to us residents as
  hell."  
"M-m-modification?"  
"Of course," she laughed, "You woke up in a hospital
  right?"  
Penny nodded.  
"Sore all over? Especially tits, butt, and maybe
  lips?"  
Again a nod.  
"I think it's safe to say that whoever you used
  to be you weren't&hellip;" she pointed to Penny's bust, "quite so shapely."  
"I still don't understand."  
BF sighed, "The women here, some were on death
  row, some were kidnapped or bought. All of them though were brought here to
  be remade. First they remake our bodies, if necessary, then proceed to break
  and remake our minds."  
Penny was about to ask more questions when a voice
  boomed through the corridors, "Lights out. All residents not possessing special
  permission must return to their cells for tuck in."  
"Oh shit. Alright," BF looked around frantically, "Listen
  you remember how I stood when they brought you in here?"  
"I think so. Why?"  
BF began messing up her hair in a seemingly practiced
  way. "There'll be some guards&hellip;I know what they'll do to me but you&hellip;" she
  bit her lip, "Just do exactly as you're told, trust me it'll hurt a lot less."  
There was the sound of footsteps approaching from
  both ends of the walkway. Cell doors opened followed first by muffled male
  voices then by women. It was an orchestra of suffering. Some were moaning,
  some crying, many shrieking, a few were cursing, and none of them seemed to
  be doing it out of joy.  
Penny had just followed her cellmate's prompting
  to get in position when their door slid open. In walked a hugely muscled man
  with slicked back black hair. "Hello Butt-Fucker, your new girlfriend's finally
  here I see." He stroked BF's pert B cup breasts, "Hands and knees on the bed,
  you've got a 10 man protein enema."  
"Yes sir!" Penny thought she saw a faint smile
  on the woman's pouty lips as she got into position.  
"And you," He turned to Penny, "On your knees."  
"What? Why..aiee!" she squealed as the guard kicked
  out her knee, forcing her to the ground.  
"Rule number one: Obedience without question!" He
  punctuated each word with a jab to one breast or the other with a cattle prod
  like device. While her mouth was open to scream he deftly removed a spreader
  gag from his belt and installed it behind her molars, then cuffed her hands
  behind her back.  
"Jack, I believe it was your turn for first oral
  from a newbie?"  
A toned but skinny black man appeared, "Yes sir!
  Thank you sir!" Jack accepted the electric prod, undoing the quick release
  fly of his uniform.  
"Do with her as you will but no cumming until you
  give Butt-Fuck a good reaming!"  
"Yes sir!" Jack grabbed a hand full of Penny's
  hair and jammed the prod so hard against her right nipple he could feel her
  rib. He held it there for over ten seconds, letting her shrieks of pain and
  nude squirming harden his prick to its full 10 inches. Then, without warning
  or care for her comfort he slowly drove his manhood down her throat. He simply
  kept pulling her towards him until her nose was smashed against his groin.  
Meanwhile Butt-Fuck was receiving her 'enema'.
  Nine men entered the cell in succession to sodomize the dark beauties un-lubed
  ass. There was no foreplay, not even a hello. Each man entered the cell, fucked
  her as hard as they could (considerably hard given the amount of practice they
  got) until they came, then moved to her face where she quickly licked them
  clean of shit and cum.  
Between licking dicks that had been up her butt
  she held the lead guard's penis in her mouth. Not giving him a blowjob, the
  head of his rod rested gently at the back of her throat, simply holding it
  and humming contentedly as she tried not to cum before being given permission.  
All men at the FMF were possessed of some exceptional
  sexual ability be it length, girth, endurance or volume of seed. These men
  had all those traits but were exceptionally disciplined and their goal was
  not to exhaust her. Thus it was less than an hour before it was Jack's turn.  
He released Penny, leaving her gasping for breath,
  face bright red from near suffocation and drool running down her chin like
  a small waterfall. She swooned, collapsing against the wall, barely remaining
  on her knees.  
Jack was quick to add his load to the copious amounts
  of jizz flooding BF's bowel. As he stood there being expertly cleaned by her
  tongue he asked, "Sir, did you need me to stay and help finish the newbie's
  intro?"  
The head guard smiled, "Nah, you already did a
  pretty good job of sedating her. You can watch if you want though."  
"Thanks Jake but I'm supposed to be in the whipping
  room if you don't need me." Jake saluted and walked out of the cell.  
Jake caressed BF's hair, "Such a good little whore."  
She cooed, leaning into his hand.  
Jake walked slowly to her back and drove his rod
  into her, pumped several times and began to piss. "Cum. Now." He ordered.  
It was a relief to hear the order, with his warm
  piss filling her after such a thorough ass fucking she wouldn't have been able
  to resist. She let out an animalistic growl as she orgasmed, Jake roughly spanking
  her. When he withdrew she had to consciously clench her rear to keep what felt
  like gallons of piss, jizz, and shit from running down her leg. Letting herself
  be pulled to standing by the hair she sighed, "ooh&hellip;I'm so full Sir!"  
He kissed her deeply, "Good thing you have a new
  toilet."  
She looked at the still dazed Penny, her mouth
  held wide, and said uncertainly "As you wish, sir."  
He leaned in close to whisper in her ear, "Remember,
  you do a good job getting her through orientation and I'll be able to claim
  you as my personal slave."  
Her knees went weak and she nodded. "I'm sorry," she
  muttered and turned her ass to Penny's face. Jake took a handful of Penny's
  hair shoving her mouth against BF's anus. With a groan BF relaxed her bowels.  
Penny gagged and sputtered as the mixed jizz, shit
  and piss poured into her mouth. Her nose crushed against the dark woman's tailbone
  she had no choice but to swallow or suffocate. It felt like gallons of the
  stuff was filling her stomach and it mad her realize she had no idea when she
  had last eaten.  
As if he had heard her thoughts Jake laughed, "Enjoying
  your first meal at FMF?"  
He then attached a harness around her head and
  neck. The other end strapped around Butt-Fuck's waist, trapping Penny's spread
  mouth to her pussy.  
"Get in bed. If you're awake you're eating each
  other out. You'll be checked randomly, of course, and will punish you if you
  are disobeying." He slid the door shut as the two women struggled to get comfortable
  on the narrow cot, bound as they were.  
The night passed slowly for Penny, the smell of
  pussy and well fucked ass less than an inch from her nose made her already
  queasy stomach retch. With the harness though she could do nothing more than
  drool on Butt-Fuck's thighs and try not to let her tongue touch the hairless
  cuntlips.  
Once during the night she woke to feel something
  warm and wet worming it's way into her pussy. It took a few seconds in the
  sleepy haze to realize it was her cell mate's tongue. Jerking her hips instinctively
  she tried to pull away only to feel a pair of hands dig into her ass cheeks
  and hauling her back down. After a weak, unwanted orgasm she fell back asleep.  
To Be continued&hellip;  
Next: The first day.  
Any comments, questions, suggestions are always welcome at impossiblecl@netscape.net     

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Hector


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





