BDSM Library - Gaining Mary




Gaining Mary
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A highschool girl is caught watching one of her teacher being abused by a rough Master.Standard warnings apply (i.e if your too young,
  too gullible, or it's plain out illegal don't read any further). The story
  is fictional as are the people it's about. Enjoy.
Gaining Mary
The halls were empty now, all the students having
  left for the day. Mary was in no hurry to go, however. 
Her stepmother had gone on another week long business
  trip and she had no real friends to hang out with so she decided to snoop around
  the deserted school. 
There was not much of interest, a few open lockers
  with the usual junk inside. She was stealing a lighter when she heard what
  sounded like voices from down the hall. 
At first she panicked fearing punishment for being
  caught on School grounds after hours. 
Then, however the words, &quot;Now take the rest
  of it off&quot; drifted down the hall to her ears followed by a finale whimper. 
Any fears that were left were destroyed by the
  overwhelming thrill of possibly catching a couple of fellow students making
  out in a classroom. 
&quot;You know what to do next&quot; Said the male
  voice in a stern tone. 
She crept as quietly as she could in the direction
  of the sound and soon was standing outside the room. Carefully she peeked around
  the partially open door and was so stunned her jaw almost hit the floor. 
There on hands and knees, completely naked, was
  her literature teacher Ms. Hurmtee. Standing behind her was a stern looking
  but incredibly handsome man Mary had never seen before. Neither of them was
  facing the door.  
&quot;Please...&quot; she whimpered  
&quot;Louder slut.&quot; he demanded. 
&quot;PLEASE PUNISH THIS SLUT!&quot; Hurmtee shouted,
  probably louder than she intended.  
The yard stick in his hand was a blur #SWISH# CRACK!
  Landing hard on her rump. 
The teacher let out a shriek, lost her balance
  falling to her elbows, and buried her face in her hands. 
&quot;Well?&quot;  
With a sniffle the shaking woman slowly moved back
  into position &quot;Master, thank you for punishing this slut.&quot;  
&quot;And...?" he said holding the ruler up to
  the light as though admiring a fine sword. 
&quot;Oh god...&quot; she moaned then louder, &quot;and
  this slut wishes her Master would continue the punishment at his pleasure.&quot; 
&quot;Very well.&quot; He smiled and began swinging. 
Mary was mesmerized, she couldn't move. The thought
  of running for help never even crossed her mind. In fact she was getting rather
  excited, her own breathing becoming nearly as ragged as her teachers. She watched
  his arm swing steadily, like a metronome of pain, covering Hurmtee from the
  top of her ass to mid thigh with an almost perfectly parallel array of welts.  
For a full five minutes he whipped the poor woman.
  The man showed no sign of exertion, neither his rhythm nor strength of swing
  wavered the entire time. 
Finally he stopped. Ms. Hurmtee collapsed onto
  the floor her whole body shaking as she cried. 
&quot;Do you think you've had enough?&quot; he
  asked using the yardstick to poke at her bright red ass. 
Her only response was to snivel pitifully as she
  struggled to get back into position. 
&quot;No answer? Hmm well then I guess we'll just
  have to ask the audience.&quot; 
Mary almost had time to wonder what he was talking
  about but suddenly she found him staring straight into her eyes. His gaze seemed
  to consume her in a way that made her knees week. 
The spell was broken when he spoke. &quot;You can
  come in.&quot; 
Though the tone was friendly, it seemed more a
  command than a statement of her abilities. Even though she was terrified of
  what may happen, the idea of fleeing was nowhere to be found in her thoughts.
  Mary stood up straight put her backpack over her shoulder and, shaking only
  slightly with nerves, walked into the classroom. 
Only then did the teacher finally see her. Ms.
  Hurmtee fell back to a seated fetal position as she began shrieking, &quot;Oh
  MYGOD! -YOU SWORE --- NO ONE! I M RUINED...&quot; 
&quot;Quiet. Slut.&quot; 
Mary watched in awe as he punctuated the end of
  each word with a swat from the yardstick without ever taking his eyes off Mary.  
Once the woman had quieted down to silent sobs
  and a little sniffling he spoke again, &quot;So what is your name?&quot; 
&quot;M-Mary.&quot; she said, alternately staring
  at her naked (and to be honest, exceptionally hot) teacher and the man that
  had just beaten her with a ruler. 
&quot;Lovely name for a lovely girl&quot; he said
  with a smile, &quot;Mary, I assume you already know Jessica over here (pointing
  to the huddled teacher). You may call me Nathan." 
Mary waved hello somewhat lamely not knowing what
  to say and half smiled. 
Nathan gestured to a nearly desk, &quot;Would you
  like to have a seat, Mary?&quot; 
&quot;Uh ok?&quot; she shrugged sitting on the
  table part rather than the built in seat. It was a strange sort of thrill to
  be standing, fully clothed, in the same room as a nude, humiliated adult.  
Nathan pulled Ms. Hurmtee's chair from behind her
  desk, crossed his feet, and used the still fetal teachers shoulder as a footrest.
  He looked her over critically. She was maybe 5'5&quot;, wavy black hair down
  to her shoulder. A pixie like face made her much younger than she probably
  was. It was hard to tell breast size through the loose shirt (and he wasn't
  in the mood to peak with his powers) but he would guess maybe a 34B, 36 at
  most. "She does have a cute little ass though" He thought looking at her blue
  jean encased bottom. 
&quot;So, Mary, do you believe Jessica has been
  punished enough?&quot; 
The girl appeared to think for a moment and Nathan
  was having too much fun to cheat and read her mind.  
&quot;Well...I don't know what she's being punished
  for so how can I know if she has been punished enough?&quot; 
Nathan laughed and clapped his hands appreciatively, &quot;Excellent
  point!&quot; 
Nathan could not believe his luck. Not only did
  she manage to sneak up on him, but upon seeing him beating her teacher, she
  actually stayed to watch (and from the look of it get a little excited about
  it). Now here she sits calmly discussing further punishment for the older woman.  
''We'll just have to inform you then won't we?&quot; he
  said, taking his feet from the teacher's shoulders, &quot;Stand up slut!&quot;  
He had to suppress a laugh when Mary almost jumped
  to her feet at his command. She managed so catch herself but saw him watching
  and blushed furiously. 
&quot;This girl's a natural!'' he thought, then
  out loud, &quot;Slut you're going to explain to Mary what you did to deserve
  punishment.&quot; 
Jessica almost refused but the look on his face
  reminded her of what happened the last time she refused. Bowing her head miserably
  she replied, &quot;Yes Master.&quot; 
Nathan figured he might get board hearing the story
  he'd experienced first hand so to entertain himself he decided to have the
  nude teacher sit on his lap as she told the story. That is, of course, after
  she undid his pants and stroked his cock until it was stiff enough for her
  to get a proper seat. (He knew that having a dick in her hand let alone her
  cunt was totally repulsive to her, it's what made it fun)  
The look of revulsion on Jessica Hurmtee's face
  as she was made to take his rod into her pussy was making Mary squirm in excitement.
  Reading about women being punished and enslaved online was one thing but to
  see it happening to someone she knew was almost enough to make her cum. 
Once Nathan had the nude woman's hands firmly tied
  behind her she was allowed to begin her tale.  
&quot;I am and always have been a lesbian. There
  was never any &quot;curiosity&quot; or possible bisexuality, even when I was
  young I was only attracted to girls.&quot; 
&quot;But that's not why I'm punishing you is it?&quot; Nathan
  asked, cruelly twisting her breasts.  
&quot;Ow! No! You're tormenting me because I'm
  also a chronic pedophile!&quot; 
 Mary was stunned. She hadn't known what would
  have made her teacher submit to such treatment but this certainly wasn't it!  
Jessica went on to explain that as she grew up
  her taste in girls didn't. Her first time was with a girl two years younger
  than her that she was baby-sitting. Overwhelmed with curiosity she slipped
  the younger girl some sleeping pills and when the girl barely conscious Jessica
  stripped her down and got her first taste of another girl's pussy. From then
  on she was addicted, screwing younger girls whenever she could and usually
  against their will. By the time she had gotten her first teaching job (not
  surprisingly at a private all girls junior high) her methods were nearly perfect.  
&quot;Figuring out their schedules was easy. I
  would pick from girls that would be staying out late and alone due to detentions,
  sports or whatever. Once they were out of sight of any one I'd drug them, didn't
  even have to sneak up usually I was their teacher after all wasn't I? 
"I'd drag the sleeping girl to an empty room or
  closet blindfold and tie them up, then give them the antidote. When they woke
  up, I'd fuck them with a strapon and force them to eat my pussy. Once I'd cum,
  they'd get drugged again, then I'd clean them up and leave them somewhere near
  were I found them." 
Mary interrupted, "Didn't they remember seeing
  you right before they passed out? Or recognize your voice when raping them?" 
For a moment a smile of pride overcame her disgust
  at Nathan's fucking, "No, I said I was good at it. The particular drugs I used
  tend to screw with a person's memories near the time they're injected, especially
  with three doses in quick succession. Their whole day was a blur. As for my
  voice, I wore a special device that distorted my voice. I called it my rape
  necklace." 
 "The first year I would only do one or two a month,
  and never the same girl. Then, since it was so easy I did more, almost one
  a week. I started rotating through my favorites; there were about twelve or
  so. I got brave, started recording my sessions, digital camera, video, whatever&hellip;. 
"The third year I became obsessed with one girl
  in particular. Sara was so perfect&hellip;&hellip;" Ms. Hurmtee drifted off
  dreamily, until a sharp tug on her hair brought her back to the present. 
"Yowch! She was hard to get&hellip;.never did anything
  alone, never snuck out. Half way through the year I was so desperate I gave
  her detentions, just to give myself an opportunity. I took her but it all went
  wrong. 
"I was naked, having just given her the antidote
  and was donning the strapon when the classroom door opened. It was one of Sara's
  friends, out looking for her when she hadn't shown up for dinner. I was terrified
  and so was this new girl. I recovered first and used my one remaining dose
  of knockout drug on her. Thinking I was now safe, I fucked them both, made
  Sara lick both mine and her friend's pussy. When I came down from my orgasm
  I realized my problem. I had used the last of my knockout serum on her friend
  and wouldn't be able to get more for days.  
Panicking I tied the girls, naked in a sixty nine,
  cleaned my juices off them and told Sara not to scream (lying about having
  a gun), grabbed my cameras and ran. The girls were found the next morning by
  a janitor that heard their screams. The police came and did an investigation,
  found a picture of another girl I'd raped lying where my camera bag had been.
  It must have fallen out.  
"The scandal was tremendous, they found more pictures
  that I'd though had been well hidden on the school network. I was terrified,
  certain they'd track it back to me. They didn't though, no prints, the network
  hadn't tracked who put the pictures there so the case was pretty much dropped.
  Being that most of the kids were from rich families, it was hushed up from
  the news.  
"I quit working at the school pretending that,
  like several other teachers that were leaving, I was afraid for my safety.
  In truth knowing my desires would make it too dangerous to stay. I thought
  I had made a clean getaway. I was wrong. Ahhh!" 
At that point Nathan shoved her off his dick. She
  fell hard onto the floor, but he still had a hold on her hair. Using it, he
  spun the teacher around so her face was in his crotch. "And that" he said slapping
  her twice across the face, "is where I come in." He then shot a massive load
  of jizz all over Jessica's face. 
Mary was breathing hard now; she gave a quiet whimper
  with each jet of sperm that shot from Nathan's large member. This sick woman's
  story was disgusting but watching her suffer such degradation made Mary want
  to switch places with her. 
Nathan explained that Sara's parents, while by
  no means the richest of people, had a very powerful friend that owed them a
  favor. That friend was, of course, Nathan. He was asked to find out who had
  raped their under aged daughter and make that person suffer appropriately.
  It did not take him long to find out who was responsible (being able to read
  the girls' drug clouded memories was the key, but he didn't tell Mary that.)
  and then track down the recently unemployed teacher. 
He had found Ms. Hurmtee the previous winter, just
  after she had accepted a position at Mary's school for the following school
  year. Finding her stash of home made child porn, he destroyed everything in
  which she was not easily identifiable and then duplicated what remained for
  use in confronting her. 
When Jessica was presented with his evidence she
  did not even try to deny it, simply breaking down to tears.  
"I made her an offer," Nathan smiled, forcing Hurmtee
  to clean her own juices from his rod, "She could either turn herself in taking
  the law's punishments for her crimes. After, what I would make certain was
  a VERY public trial; she would serve her undoubtedly long prison term in the
  most squalid prison I could find where she could be sure to suffer every humiliation
  her fellow inmates could imagine. OR she could spend the summers with Sara's
  Father, suffering whatever punishments he deemed fit. Then she could return
  to her new teaching job with relative freedom, save for serving my desires
  whenever I happened to be in the area." 
He kicked the teacher away and as she lay sobbing
  quietly on the floor, he zipped up his pants. 
Mary's breath caught at this first unhindered look
  at Nathan's penis, she licked her lips. 
"So Mary, Do you think she has suffered enough?" 
"What did Sara's dad do with her all summer?" 
"Well I'm sure he fucked her a few times, once
  he realized she'd hate it. The rest of the time though&hellip;well he owns
  a pretty large kennel, breeding and training dogs and the like. Let's just
  say she became intimately familiar with the canine reproductive system."  
"Eeww! Sick!" 
Digging the heel of his shoe into Hurmtee's cunt, "Is
  that enough, you think?" 
"For what that bitch did to those little girls?" Mary
  gave an evil smile he had seen quite often, usually in the mirror, "No way
  in hell, she's lucky you let her live." 
He smiled back, "My thoughts exactly, however I
  don't have time for anything else tonight. I'll be continuing her punishment
  after school again tomorrow. Wear a skirt and be here at three sharp if you're
  interested." 
Hurmtee let out a groan as Mary's face lit up, "Really?
  I can watch again?" 
"If you're on time and behave properly, I might
  even let you help. Now Ms. Hurmtee is going to be a responsible teacher and
  give her student a ride home." 
Knowing it was a command Jessica got unsteadily
  to her feet, reaching for her clothes. Her hand was slapped away. 
"Ah-ah, Mary will give you your clothes back AFTER
  you have walked her to her front door." He held out her car key. 
Having long since lost the strength to disobey
  him, she took the keys and head bowed in shame, slowly shuffled to the door. 
Mary was handed the bag of her teacher's clothes.
  Leaning close he whispered in her ear, "Make sure she takes the long way, and
  treat yourself to dinner with whatever cash she has. If she doesn't follow
  you're directions or give you a hard time, remind her that I WILL find out
  and make her suffer." 
She was still thrilling with the power she'd been
  given over her teacher when Nathan gave her a firm swat on the ass to move
  her out the door. The sting in her butt triggered a small orgasmic wave that
  made her shudder. 
The two women rode in silence, Jessica only pleading
  for her clothes once when they first got to the school exit. 
"You're going to disobey him already?" Mary sneered, "Now
  start walking or do I go back in there and tell your Master you won't follow
  his orders?" 
Jessica blanched, "You'd tell him? Why won't you
  help me?" 
"Because, you're a sick bitch that deserves much
  worse." And it makes me horny as all hell, Mary added to herself. 
They drove in a strained silence except for Mary
  providing vague directions to her home thus forcing the teacher to drive around
  most of their town while completely nude. Fortunately for the teacher it had
  been a rainy day and nobody was out walking the usually busy streets.  
At one point Mary asked, "What did you do there?" 
"Where?" 
"At the kennel, what was it like?" 
"I had to keep the cages and runs clean, including
  mine. No clothes or shovels or anything." 
"Is that all? Nathan talked like you fucked them,
  the dogs I mean." 
Tears began rolling down her cheeks as the all
  too recent memories flooded her mind, "Eventually, yes. I had no choice. They
  put me in a shock collar and locked it in place. They loved using it&hellip;..making
  me&hellip;.disgusting&hellip;." 
"How many did you do?" 
"I don't know&hellip;.passed out a lot, lost count." 
Soon after that they arrived at Mary's home. Ms.
  Hurmtee refused to get out of the car, while nobody was outside there were
  occasional cars that passed by as well as the neighboring houses where anybody
  might see her. She demanded her clothes back. 
"Get out here now and walk me to the door like
  you were told or drive home naked and face Nathan tomorrow when I tell him!" Mary
  further made her point by using a lighter she'd stolen from a locker to ignite
  Hurmtee's panties. 
She got out of the car so fast she tripped on the
  safety belt. Mary extinguished the now ruined panties and began walking up
  to the front door at, to Jessica appeared to be an, exceptionally slow pace. 
''Well thanks for the ride. It was fun, see you
  tomorrow.&quot; Mary smiled as she shut the door.  
&quot;Wait! My clothes!&quot; 
&quot;Oh, right. I forgot!&quot; Mary lied, ''Here
  you go!&quot; 
She flung the pile of clothes as hard as she could,
  causing the items to scatter across the rain soaked sidewalk and yard. By sheer
  luck Ms. Hurmtee's favorite blouse was driven into a particularly gooey mud
  puddle when her shoes landed. 
Laughing Mary watched for a moment as the naked
  woman scramble after her clothes. Finally she slammed the door shut locked
  it and ran to her room. 
She actually managed to get onto her bed and take
  her pants off before she could no longer resist, her hand dove for her soft
  folds hidden beneath her already wet panties. Two screaming orgasms later she
  finally calmed down enough to realize she was hungry, and ordered a pizza. 
Going down stairs she intended to pass the time
  by watching some TV. The mundane antics of even her favorite show could not
  hold her interest, however, not in light of what she had seen at school today.
  Lost in the memories of seeing her beautiful teacher humiliated by such a gorgeous
  man, her fingers slowly worked their magic between her legs without her even
  realizing it. 
The next day at school seemed no different from
  any before. Until, of course, she got to her literature class. Ms. Hurmtee
  seemed nervous and wouldn't look in Mary's direction through the whole class.  
Mary herself was quite distracted the whole day
  as was notices by the few friends she did have. She tried not to get distracted
  yet could not help but constantly wonder what she would be witness to today
  after school. 
The last bell finally rang and the halls were flooded
  both by students and their teachers, everyone rushing to get home.  
Nobody had ever noticed Mary sneaking into the
  girl's bathroom to hide and today was no exception. She waited impatiently
  for the janitor to check the restroom empty before locking it for the night. 
Finally she heard the door squeak open followed
  by the board &quot;Everyone out? 'M lockin' the door.&quot;  
The door creaked shut and there was the loud echo
  of a key in a lock. Mary crept out of her stall and smiled. Mr. Dilly was a
  nice enough old man (even the school bullies liked him too much to play pranks
  on) but liked to joke that anyone fool enough to get locked in a school bathroom
  got what they deserved. So he tended not to look very hard then locking up.  
She wasn't worried about being locked in, either.
  One of the first things she had done when deciding to stay after school and
  raid lockers was to jam the bathroom lock so that she could get out.  
Stepping into the hall she looked at her watch
  and panicked. She had less than a minute to get to Ms. Hurmtee's classroom!
  Forgetting entirely about trying to remain quiet she took off at a run, she
  needed to get nearly to the other end of the school. Turning the last corner
  at full speed she slipped and nearly fell. Cursing she slowed, her shoes were
  over a year old but she'd only worn these saddle shoes once for a school play
  and the bottoms were quite slick. They hardly even fit her anymore but she
  had been told to wear a skirt and, for reasons she couldn't explain, she wanted
  to impress Nathan. So she had dressed in the white blouse, pleated plaid skirt,
  etc. of the stereotypical school-girl that she had worn only for the play.  
"If the stares I got during class were any indication,
  this'll definitely impress him" She smiled smoothing the skirt's front. She
  walked into the classroom with seconds to spare. 
Ms. Hurmtee was sitting with her feet propped on
  top of her desk, her panties pulled to her knees and her skirt bunched around
  her waist so only her bare ass was on the chair. Her eyes had been closed as
  she used both hands to play with her pussy but opened them with a start as
  Mary entered the room. 
"Oh, I thought you were Him." She said, hesitated
  then returned to masturbating. 
Mary looked around the room crestfallen, "Nathan?
  He's not here? He said three&hellip;" 
"He requires his sluts to be punctual even if he
  isn't." 
Slowly she walked over to the desk, "Why are you
  jerking off? I thought he disgusted you?" 
Hurmtee glared at the teen, "He does. Everything
  he makes me do is repulsive. I have to wait for him like this, exposed and
  jerking off without cumming." 
"Oh," Mary smiled, "I bet that's why he's late
  then&hellip;.to see if you'll keep it up. With me watching." 
If it was possible the teacher's look of hatred
  intensified. 
"Well?" Mary sat on the desk looking her teacher
  in the eyes, "Keep going. Open your blouse too." 
"Why?" 
"'Cause I want to watch your tits jiggle. You're
  the slave here; from now on you don't get to ask why." 
The older woman didn't move. 
"And because I can still tell Nathan you wouldn't
  listen last night. What do you think he'll do to you?" 
Hurmtee groaned and unbuttoned her shirt and tentatively
  began stroking herself once again. Trying to forget her situation she gave
  in to the sensation her fingers were providing, her eyes closed. She tried
  to remember Sara, pretend it was the young girl serving her. She felt something,
  her blouse moved, her eyes flew open. 
"There, much better." Mary smiled, having flung
  the teachers shirt wide to reveal her braless bosom, "No more closing your
  eyes either, I can bet what you're imagining you perv. Keep looking into my
  eyes or we'll see how much trouble I can make for you with Nathan!" 
Cursing under her breath she obeyed, continuing
  to use both hands to play with herself. Though her body reacted with a moistening
  cunt and hardening nipples she felt no real pleasure. She couldn't even focus
  on the image of her beloved Sara while forced to stare at the smirking face
  of her student. 
"Very interesting."  
Mary started, looking towards the voice. It was
  Nathan. How had he gotten in? There had been no noise, and the door was still
  shut from when she had entered. Had she been that absorbed in her teacher's
  humiliation? That must be it, she thought and dismissed it all together. 
"You saw? I thought&hellip;" Mary started to panic,
  no matter what she'd told her teacher Nathan had technically not given her
  any authority over the other woman beyond the ride home the night before. 
"That you would make use of a prime opportunity?" He
  smile at her, "Nicely handled, though a bit crude, perhaps." 
Mary blushed furiously at the compliment. 
&quot;Slut, four fingers, alternating hands.&quot; he
  said in what Mary was beginning to think of as his command voice.  
Hurmtee whimpered and began trying to force all
  the fingers of one hand into her pussy.  
&quot;Now Mary lets have a look at you.&quot; 
Quickly she stood before him and did a slow pirouette
  with her arms above her head so he could take in the whole outfit. 
"Do you like it?" She asked nervously, &quot;I
  know you only said a skirt but, well, I really don't have many. Except this
  old costume.&quot; 
Nathan circled her slowly looking over every inch
  of her.  
&quot;Nice though I'm guessing it's a couple years
  old.&quot; he said, noting the blouse buttons straining to contain her well
  developed C-cup.  
&quot;It was for a play a few years ago. I didn't
  realize I'd grown so... much.&quot; She gestured to indicate her boobs, &quot;What
  are you going to do to her today?&quot; 
They both turned to watch Jessica grunt with effort
  as she pistoned first one hand then the other into her wet, too small hole.
  Nathan held his hand up with two fingers extended. Hurmtee, apparently familiar
  with this signal, groaned and started to work both sets of fingers into herself
  at the same time. 
&quot;Tit abuse and an ass fucking or two.&quot; 
Mary took her seat and watched with rapt attention
  as her teacher was put through her paces. 
First she was made to remove the remainder of her
  clothing, fold each item neatly, then kneel before Mary and beg her to, &quot;Hold
  this unworthy slut's while she receives the beating she deserves.&quot;  
Much to Nathan's delight Mary made her teacher
  grovel pitifully before accepting each item. She placed the last item of clothing
  in her backpack and ordered, "Kiss my feet." 
Hurmtee hesitated only a moment before complying. 
"Now crawl over to your master and beg him for
  what you deserve!" 
She shuffled on her hands and knees over to Nathan
  where, kneeling, she presented herself, hands behind her head, tits pushed
  out and legs spread wide. He circled her slowly, correcting her posture with
  light taps from a riding crop. 
"You'd be amazed how long it took her to learn
  proper posture." He said, in a matter-of-fact tone, "For a teacher she's amazingly
  slow on the uptake. Even with a shock collar and sleep deprivation." 
Mary half smiled and found herself thinking she'd
  learn to do anything he wanted willingly, no...eagerly. 
"Well on with the show." He reached into a duffle
  bag Mary was sure hadn't been there a moment ago and withdrew two small plastic
  bags. They were clothes pins. He held them out before the kneeling woman. 
"Here slut, I thought you might be getting tired
  of simply being naked while entertaining me&hellip;I mean us." He corrected
  himself, smiling at Mary. "So I brought you some decorations." 
The brunet took the bags with a questioning look
  at her tormentor. 
Nathan rolled his eyes, "There are two bags. You
  have two tits. Do the math." 
Jessica seemed to deflate somehow as she tore open
  the first bag with a miserable, "Yes sir." 
"They're plastic ones, not wood?" Mary asked after
  noticing. 
"Well, your porn sights amateurs like the wood
  ones but they have a smooth grip surface. Plastic ones usually have ridges
  or teeth and tend to hold better" 
Hurmtee let out a painful, "Ahhhr" as she placed
  the first pin on her left nipple. 
"And, as our slut is finding out, they have much
  stronger springs." 
Mary laughed, they watched in silence for a few
  moments as Hurmtee continued to 'decorate' Mary absently stroked her own breast
  wondering if her mom kept any clothespins in the house. 
"You'd better put them on secure, it's ten lashes
  with the crop for each pin that comes off before I tell you to remove them." 
Soon both bags were empty and Ms. Hurmtee's boobs
  were so covered with the plastic clips that there was hardly any flesh visible.
  She had tried to avoid it but due to the sheer number of pins even the sensitive
  underside of her breasts were coated. To test how securely they had been mounted
  the teacher was made to stand and shake her chest like a music video dancer.
  All the while her student was giggling and making helpful suggestions; "Shake
  those money makers!", "Make 'em bounce up and down!", "Can you do circles?" 
After fifteen minutes of this Jessica was gasping
  for breath, finally being allowed to stop. She glanced down, there were five
  clothes pins lying on the floor. She looked up pitifully into Nathan's eyes. 
Before she could speak, beg not to be whipped,
  he picked up the clips and smiled, "That's fifty lashes so far." 
He started for the teacher's chair, intent on using
  the whore's mouth to get him nice and hard before reaming her ass. 
"Um, you're not just let her leave them off&hellip;.are
  you?" 
He stopped and turned to Mary. She must have thought
  he was mad because she continued, "Sir, I mean. Not telling you ..to do. I
  just thought&hellip;other places&hellip;" 
He smiled, she was just so damn perfect! "No. No,
  you're quite right. Can't let the tramps jewelry go to waste! On your back
  slut, cunt facing Mary." 
Jessica complied, knowing from long painful experience
  to keep her legs spread wide. She could guess what was coming as she laced
  her fingers behind her head, keeping her elbows on the floor. Stretching like
  this moved her breast, causing one of pins to slip almost completely off. She
  closed her eyes and ground her teeth in preparation for the pain. It didn't
  come, instead there was a feather light caress at her labia. This teasing continued
  and despite herself Jessica began to relax. It had been so long since anything
  done to her down there felt good that, though she hadn't even been penetrated
  her hips were grinding in time with the touches. Then there was an uncomfortable
  pressure and tugging at her pussy lips, then a sharp pain that made her cry
  out. Three more sharp pains followed and she knew without looking that her
  cunt was now decorated just like her boobs. 
The pain started to ease into merely a dull throb
  and her breathing slowed as she became accustom to it's presence. Apparently
  that is what Nathan was waiting for because it was at that moment he took hold
  of her clit. Gripping it firmly he wrenched it as far out as he could and clamped
  on the fifth clothes pin. 
She let out a shriek, tears running freely from
  her eyes. Instinctively she reached to sooth her violated love button but he
  caught her wrists. 
"That'll be another twenty lashes for not holding
  position." He slapped her hard across the face twice, "Now on your knees, I
  want a blowjob." 
Struggling she rolled onto her knees, being careful
  to keep her thighs apart so as not to help the clips crush her labia. Her hands
  were bound wrist to elbow behind her back after she had been turned to the
  side so that Mary could see her profile. The chair from behind her desk was
  placed in front of her. Nathan dropped his pants, freeing his cock, and sat
  down. 
"Get to work slut. We both know you need the practice." 
Jessica hesitated, sure she had done this hundreds
  of times (several hundred if you counted all the dogs she'd been forced to
  suck off) but she was 100% lesbian. Even the musky scent of his crotch was
  almost enough to make her want to puke. She looked pleadingly at Mary but could
  tell from the expectant look on the girls face there was no help to be found
  there.  
"Are you trying to make it harder on yourself?
  Maybe you're starting to like all the pain? Should we switch to humiliation&hellip;PUBLIC
  humiliation?" 
"No, sir." She mumbled, crawling forward to gingerly
  take his member into her mouth. 
She tried. Going through all the motions she had
  learned over her summer in the kennels. Her tongue worked over his shaft even
  as she fought her stomach's attempts to purge itself. It took her almost five
  minutes to get him hard, and even that was probably only because he knew she
  hated it. 
"God but you're horrible at this." He grabbed a
  handful of hair with each hand pulled her down hard on his shaft, smothering
  her in his crotch, "You haven't been practicing have you?" 
She tried to answer but could only gag and sputter
  trying to breath.  
He threw her head back and she gasped deeply gulping
  down the air, large amounts of drool pouring from her slack jaw. "Have you?" 
"N-no (gasp), Sir." Her eyes were watering, her
  face crimson. 
"We'll have to do something about that." He snarled, "Now
  get back to work" 
Chest still heaving for breath Jessica bent back
  to her task. 
Mary watched all this with rapt attention. She
  was a virgin herself, Nathan's being the first dick she had seen in real life,
  but she had seen several porn films and even learned to deep throat the vibrator
  her mom kept hidden in the closet. So it would have been obvious to her, even
  if Nathan hadn't been berating the woman, that Ms. Hurmtee gave terrible head. 
Still, it was entertaining to see the woman struggle
  so she continued to watch. Mary's eyes drifted momentarily to the desk where
  Nathan had sat while the teacher 'decorated' herself. The riding crop still
  lay there. An evil though crept into Mary's mind, what if&hellip;just if she
  could make the blowjob better for him? Would he be mad at her for beating his
  slave? Maybe, but he'd seemed pleased when she humiliated the woman earlier.
  If it did please him though&hellip;. 
Mary stopped herself, she'd cum if she kept thinking
  like that. Smiling evilly she quietly got to her feet, picked up the crop and
  gave it an experimental swing. 
Ms. Hurmtee, her immediate world focused on Nathan's
  groin, never even heard Mary move. Nathan himself had his eyes closed and was
  guiding Jessica's head with his hands barely registered the noise. Then both
  heard the very familiar swish and crack of a riding crop on female flesh. 
Next were the sensations, for Jessica it was the
  sharp sting and spreading warmth of the crop biting the tender flesh of her
  ass. For Nathan it was wondrous massage Jessica's throat provided as she screamed
  around his dick. 
His eyes flew open in time to see Mary in mid-swing.
  Another loud *CRACK*, another muffled scream, and Jessica struggling to free
  herself from these unseen attacks. Nathan held her in place however. 
Mary looked up and noticed him watching. She smiled
  nervously and shrugged. "I just though maybe I could&hellip;motivate her," She
  waved at the wand, "Until she made you cum." 
He stared at her, his face impassive. Was it possible
  for a girl this young to be this perfect? She had all the right instincts,
  apparently limitless potential. Almost like some of his 'project' girls only
  better, a quick scan of her mind showed it completely unaltered. Not programmed,
  not forced, not taught, simply a girl that was naturally kinky. 
His silence must have been worrying her, she bit
  her lip apprehensively. In the schoolgirl outfit it was impossibly cute. Nathan
  smiled and nodded. She grinned, giving an excited hop, and recommenced whipping
  the round globes of her teacher's ass. 
Nathan watched her, she swings certainly did not
  have the even metronome rhythm of his. Nor did she seem to pick a specific
  target other than the general area of the exposed butt. She also lacked any
  real form that would allow her the maximum speed. What ever she lacked, however,
  she more than made up for in energy and enthusiasm. 
Jessica whimpered and twitched in time with the
  cracks of the whip. She managed to keep his rod in her mouth only just. 
He grabbed her hair and forced her to look him
  in the eyes, "The only way she's stopping, slut, is if you make me cum. I suggest
  you get going before you have to spend the rest of the week standing up!" 
She realized that even if she managed to outlast
  Mary's whipping Nathan would only come up with an even worse way to punish
  her. So she bent to her task, trying to focus on pleasing the cock in her mouth
  rather than the mounting pain in her buttocks. It's amazing what proper motivation
  can do, Jessica felt his body tense and his hot seed pumping down her throat
  in half the time it usually took her. 
"Grrreeahh! Yes!" Nathan growled pulling her off
  him by the hair. He held her face less than an inch from the head of his penis
  as he continued to cum. A jet of semen splashed across the bridge of her nose
  and into her eyes before she could react.  
Even with her eyes closed, burning from the salty
  jizz Jessica could feel several more globs splash across her forehead and eyes.
  Finally he wiped his penis off on her lips and released her, she fell back
  to sit on her heels. It was uncomfortable but she knew better than to move
  without permission. 
"That was wonderful Mary, you did very well." 
"Thank you Nathan&hellip;Sir" 
"Slut, open your eyes. Show Mary the lovely results
  of her work." 
Hurmtee obeyed and instantly felt a large warm
  blob of semen drip into her left eye. 
"Well what do you think, Mary?" 
The girl took a moment to fully appreciate the
  sight before her. Here was this beautiful woman, a respected teacher, kneeling
  naked before her. Her breasts covered in painful clips, a man's cum oozing
  down her face to mix wit tears from her puffy red eyes. Tears that Mary, herself
  had helped make the woman cry. Mary's first thought was, "Very sexy, a beautiful
  whore." And she told Nathan so. Her second thought, which she kept to herself,
  was, "God I wish that was ME!" 
"Now I think it's time to take those clothes pins
  off of her. Would you like to do it, Mary?" 
"Yea sure!" She smiled and started to reach for
  the teacher's breast.  
Nathan caught her hand, "No, no. Not like that." 
Both women looked at him confused. "What but how?" Mary
  asked. 
"You still have the riding crop don't you?" 
Hurmtee groaned as Mary's face lit up, "Really?
  Cool!" 
She took position in front of her teacher, lifted
  her arm in a high arch. The whole time Jessica was shaking her slime coated
  face pleading, "Nononono, pleeeaassee Master! Don't let her&hellip;." 
"Shut up bitch. You'd better not move or I'll use
  the cat-o-nine on you till your tits are purple." 
She stopped her pleading but the next second let
  out a shriek as the whip came crashing down on her right tit. As before, Mary
  had not really aimed any further than which tit but there were so many pins
  present the sheer force of the blow was enough to dislodge three of them. She
  swung again, this time aiming for the other breast and managed to knock off
  two.  
Hurmtee tried to curl into a fetal position and
  protect herself but two hard face slaps and a whispered word from Nathan (The
  only word of which Mary heard was 'electricity') had her once again kneeling
  rigidly upright. Still though her body shuddered with barely contained sobs. 
"Mary, I'm guessing you never used one of those
  before today?" Nathan pointed to the crop in her hands. 
She looked at the whip, "um, no." She said, blushing
  as though admitting to something embarrassing. 
"There's a technique to it, to sting the target
  more. It's easier on your arm too." He said gently massaging her shoulder.
  The contact sent jolts of electric pleasure to her groin. "I could show you." 
It took several attempts but she finally managed
  to breathe the word, "Please?" 
Smiling, he took her right hand in his, adjusting
  her grip. Moving behind her his left arm snaked around her waist and pulled,
  shifting her into a better angle from which to strike. Mary let out a soft
  gasp, he had never put his dick back in his pants and she could now feel his
  rigid prick pushing into the cleft of her ass through her skirt. 
In the back of her mind, behind the haze of pain,
  the thought struck Jessica how her two tormentors now looked like a couple
  in a romantic dance. They looked so RIGHT together. These thoughts were washed
  away by a new torrent of pain.  
Now guided by Nathan's experience and powered by
  Mary's desire to impress him the whip seemed to take a vicious life of its
  own. One by one the clothes pins of her right breast were struck, first lightly
  to make them bounce painfully, then again much harder forcibly removing it
  from the flesh it gripped so tightly. 
By the time Jessica's right tit was bare both women
  were panting heavily. Jessica because she was still crying though had few actual
  tears left and Mary from shear sexual excitement. 
"Here, feel how warm and tender it is." Nathan
  took her left hand, moving it to cup the sensitive flesh that was still red
  from the beating. 
Mary's knees went weak as she was guided into fondling
  her teacher. She began squeezing and tweaking the soft mound on her own as
  his arm once again wrapped around her waist. Unconsciously she began grinding
  her hips into Nathan's. He stood firm allowing the girl to work his hard member
  between her butt cheeks, even through the skirt. 
Ms. Hurmtee let out a yelp. 
"Not so hard, you'll rip it off." He whispered
  in Mary's ear. 
She froze and her eyes flew open and she looked
  to her hand. She was clutching a large hand full of Jessica's 34C so tightly
  her knuckles were turning white.  
"Oh, I&hellip;" She started, quickly releasing
  her hold. A bright red handprint formed on the mauled tit with small curved
  marks where Mary's nails had bit into the flesh. 
"You got carried away, but that's alright. Like
  using the whip, you have to learn patience and control." 
"Yes, sir." 
"Now do you think you can handle the other one
  by yourself?" 
"I think so." She said, instantly regretting having
  said so as in response he released his hold on her and stepped off to the side
  for a better view. 
"Right, go ahead then. No rush."  
She smiled at him, turned, taking a deep breath,
  aimed for the clip directly on Jessica's nipple, and swung. Twenty minutes
  later both of Hurmtee's boobs were bare of clothes pins, covered in welts,
  and being mauled none too gently by Mary. 
There was a shrill beeping that stopped almost
  as soon as it started. All three looked around the room confused. The sound
  repeated and Mary laughed. 
"It's my phone!" She ran to her school bag, producing
  a cell phone from its depths. 
Ms. Hurmtee looked questioningly to Nathan. He
  glared at her, putting a finger to his lips for silence. 
"Hi, mom?......You're back already?... Just tonight
  then&hellip;..I'm at the uh" She looked nervously at Nathan, who shrugged, "the
  mall with a friend&hellip;.Ok I'll be home for dinner, then. Bye." 
She hung up the phone tossing it into her bag once
  again. 
"I'm supposed to be home in two hours." She gestured
  to the wall clock. 
"Plenty of time. Want to help get her ready for
  her ass reaming?" He held out a roll thick clothesline. 
Mary took the rope happily, "What should I do?" 
Nathan explained the plan and Mary went to her
  task, untying Hurmtee's arms from behind her back. By that time, a harness
  had been attached forcing the teacher's mouth to stretch obscenely around the
  white rubber ball. 
Jessica was given 30 seconds to stretch her arms
  in an attempt to return their circulation while a black studded collar and
  leash were locked in place around her neck. When the time was up Mary followed
  his directions on how Nathan wanted the woman's wrists bound. 
"Stand and present yourself, slut." He ordered. 
--- 
Almost falling over the bound woman got to her
  feet and stood rigid, her feet shoulder width apart. She could imagine the
  sight she presented with her bound arms seeming to hug large bruised breasts
  that were still an angry crimson from their beating. Her face, while shiny
  from nearly dried semen and tears, was framed by the leather straps holding
  the gag in place while clothespins still dangled from her pussy. In truth,
  it wasn't the most extreme bondage she had ever had to endure but it was humiliating.
  Especially being forced to endure such treatment in front of a student.  
Even though a young girl was involved, she wasn't
  enjoying this at all. This wasn't like those porn stories on the net where
  the victim develops or has a secret love for what's happening to her. No, Jessica
  had never gotten the slightest bit of enjoyment from bondage. Even when binding
  her young rape victims, tying them up had been only a means to an end not a
  part of the pleasure. 
Mary knew none of this (and even if she had it
  probably would have only served to make her hornier) as she led the other woman
  by her leash. They stopped with Ms. Hurmtee standing a few inches from the
  edge of her own desk. 
--- 
"There's something I saw on the net I'd like to
  try if it's OK to hurt her tits more, that is." She said in a rush, having
  finally worked up the courage to make a request. 
Nathan was forced to smile once again in pleasant
  surprise, "Sure, let's see what you've got." 
Mary gave an excited hop and giggle as she turned
  back to her victim. Hurmtee was made to bend over the desk until her nipples
  touched its cold surface. Mary eyed the area critically, ordered her teacher
  to stand straight once again, and then began rummaging through the desk drawers. 
"Ah-ha!" She exclaimed, apparently finding what
  she was looking for. 
He had a pretty good idea what she had in mind
  even before she held up the large box of thumb tacks. After all, Nathan had
  been in the business of tormenting women for a very, very long time. 
Mary dumped out the entire box onto the desk where
  Hurmtee's nipples had touched. She ran her hand through the mass of pointy
  metal until she felt they were sufficiently spread to cover the majority of
  the older woman's large chest and that most of the tacks were lying point up. 
Grinning evilly, she used the remainder of the
  rope to tie Jessica's already bound hands to the legs on the far side of the
  desk. This forced her to bend at the hips and stretch across the table but
  if she arched her back and stood tip toe she could avoid pricking anything
  save the very tip of her nipples. 
Mary frowned, "It didn't work out right&hellip;dumb
  idea I guess." 
"No, I like it." Nathan caressed her shoulder length
  black hair, "Just needs a little effort to make it work. Watch." 
He stood behind Ms. Hurmtee, grabbed her firmly
  by the hips and pulled her hard towards him. She let out a shriek that was
  barely muffled by the gag as the movement altered her balance and making her
  chest fall toward the pins. However she managed to prop herself up by her bound
  wrists preventing the whole of her breast from being perforated. As it was
  she could feel the prick and scratch of a dozen pins at both areolas. 
"Now get up there and sit on her arms, near the
  elbow." Nathan commanded, threading the leash through a D ring high on the
  gags harness. 
Mary complied, straddling the older woman's arms.
  Thrilling to the thought that her crotch was mere inches from the nose of a
  woman that would probably like nothing more than to eat her pussy. Though she
  fought Mary's weight was too much and the teacher collapsed, several dozen
  more pins biting into the already over sensitized flesh of her boobs. 
--- 
Jessica let out a disparaging howl as, at the same
  moment Nathan drove his huge rigid pole into her unlubricated ass. He pulls
  on the leash, forcing her to look up at Mary who smiles down at her. Her body
  shudders under the force of his pounding, as always there is a small amount
  of pleasure that simple biology will not let her deny. This pleasure though
  is overridden by the seemingly million pricks of pain in her chest and the
  sheer ferocity of her sodomy. She glances down, only able to move her eyes,
  as Mary straddles her arms the too short skirt rides up, providing a generous
  view of her 'camel toe'. The girl was obviously horny, as evident by the large
  wet spot on her underwear. 
--- 
Mary saw her teacher eyeing her crotch and decided
  to tease her some more. She bunched up her skirt revealing even more of her
  sheer panties. Slowly she rocked her hips, grinding against the bound arms,
  moving slowly closer to Hurmtee's gagged face. She stopped so close the mesmerized
  teacher was nearly cross-eyed from focusing on her. 
The vibrations shaking through the older woman's
  body as a result of the ass reaming felt wonderful as Mary felt it between
  her legs, "What the hell!" She thought, "I'm so horny I'll explode if I don't." She
  reached down and began stroking herself gently through the fabric of her panties. 
It didn't take much to set her off. The orgasm
  that exploded through her was intense. She wanted to cry out, but at the same
  time was embarrassed and struggled to stay silent. The result was as choked,
  hyperventilating moan as she crested. Blushing she looked but thankfully Nathan
  was too preoccupied at the moment to notice. She continued to stroke herself
  but was careful not to push herself over the edge again. 
--- 
"The little bitch came! Right in front of my face!" Thought
  Jessica, even if she hadn't watched the girls body tense suddenly or see the
  panties that were so wet with woman juice they were nearly transparent. No,
  she could SMELL it, at this distance there was no avoiding it. She remembered
  that smell, and the taste. Oh, the TASTE of girl cum! She was addicted to it,
  both the scent and flavor. The addiction couldn't have been stronger if it
  was heroin. Memories came rushing back, all the dozens of girls she'd had,
  and the pleasure they'd given her (willingly or not). She couldn't control
  herself; even over all the pain she was becoming aroused. Her tongue fought
  valiantly against the ball gag, trying to catch just a drop of that glistening
  juice. 
Nathan groaned, body tensing, beginning to dump
  his seed into her bowels. In Ms. Hurmtee's mind, however, it was one of the
  few willing young lovers she'd had riding her with a strapon. Her pussy clenched.
  He reached around, took hold and ripped the five remaining clothespins from
  her labia and clit. To her, one of her less willing 'lovers' was being rebellious
  and nibbling just a little too hard, it still felt good though. 
Then, without planning it, without even glancing
  at each other Nathan and Mary acted as one. He placed a hand on each shoulder
  blade and shoving the teacher down with all his might, driving nearly all of
  the thumbtacks into her tortured boobs. Mary hooked one finger under her panties
  and pulled them to the side, flashing her tender cunt as her other hand smeared
  some of her pussy juice under the woman's nose. 
The smell, the pussy shot, and the pain were just
  too much. Ms. Hurmtee's body shuddered in orgasm, and then collapsed as she
  passed out. 
--- 
"Wow, First time she's ever cum from being ass
  raped." Nathan laughed, stuffing his still semi-hard dick back in his pants, "She
  must like having you here." 
Mary grinned evilly, "Maybe. So now what?" 
"Now we start getting her ready to take you home." Nathan
  began rummaging through his bag. 
"Home?" She thought bewildered for a moment then
  saw the clock. It was only 45 minutes until the time she had promised to be
  home. She would be happy to see her step-mother, of course but what she found
  herself wanting more than anything was to stay with Nathan. This realization
  both stunned her and sent a thrill of happiness coursing through her. She was
  startled from her happy musing's of the possible future by a loud squealing
  emanating from Ms. Hurmtee. 
Mary looked up just in time to see the end of something
  3" thick, black, and quite rigid disappear between the globes of Jessica's
  ass. 
--- 
Jessica hadn't felt the needle stab her right buttock
  but whatever it injected her with quickly roused her from the bliss of unconsciousness,
  She was still exhausted from all of the strain but knew, from experience, nothing
  short of a severe blow to the head would put her to sleep for the next several
  hours. The name was unknown to her but she was certain she had been subject
  to this drug before. It was designed to keep its subjects awake and their bodies
  extremely sensitive, to EVERYTHING. Her suspicions were confirmed as every
  ache and pain she was feeling doubled in intensity, it was as though she could
  feel every single one of the thumbtacks that had pierced the flesh of her breast.
  The air burned on her severely beaten ass.  
There was a pressure between her ass cheeks, it
  hadn't really dawned on her until then that she was no longer being sodomized. "He's
  going to fuck me again?" she thought ruefully but then realized this anal invader
  was much more rigid and somewhat larger than Nathan's huge manhood, "Or is
  it the girl this time? Has he given her a strapon?" 
She shook her head and tried not to let herself
  care, relax and let it happen. It would be over sooner this way she thought
  as the cold, hard whatever it was slipped past her unresisting sphincter. Her
  two tormentors were talking about something, more torments probably, she tried
  not to listen. The thing being forced into her was apparently ribbed as she
  could feel it rubbing her insides in an almost pleasant way. Then she panicked,
  at first she hadn't notice but it was definitely getting wider! It seemed to
  go on forever, too!  
Jessica let out a squeal to put pigs to shame as
  the intruder seemed to rearrange her bowels by force for it's own accommodation.
  Suddenly it narrowed, with an almost audible pop the widest part slid into
  her. There was a kind or ratcheting sound as she felt the widest part, right
  inside her anus, expanded even further. 
--- 
"Untie her now, please." 
Mary obeyed without a thought, "What was that you
  put in her?" 
"A butt plug. A very special, 1.5 foot long, 3
  inch wide, locking butt plug." He held up what looked like a house key. 
"Locking?" 
"Yes, once fully inserted and locked it's too wide
  for the victim's body to force out." He smacked the teacher's butt playfully, "Which
  I'm sure she's discovering just now." 
The mixed look of concentration and constipations
  on Hurmtee's obscenely gagged face was one of the funniest things Mary thought
  she'd ever seen. 
Jessica's newly freed hands flew to her ass, scrabbling
  for something to grab on the plug in order to rip it from her body. 
"Oh and without the key," He dangled it before
  the woman's pleading eyes, "there's not nearly enough to grab for removing
  it. Here, catch." 
Mary caught the chain, stunned. The questions were
  barely forming in her mind when He answered them. 
"You were impressive today. Prompt, obedient, and
  inventive." Nathan went on to explain that, as a reward he was putting her
  in charge of Ms. Hurmtee, at least until tomorrow. The keys on the chain she
  was to keep with her at all times, one was for the butt plug, the other for
  the collar and leash. She could remove them if she wanted but they must be
  in place the next afternoon when they would meet and torment the teacher once
  more. As he explained Ms. Hurmtee was pulling the thumbtacks from her breast,
  one at a time as ordered. 
"What do you do for lunch normally? Would anyone
  notice you weren't there?" 
"Eat lunch, usually by myself or with a couple
  friends. I doubt anyone important would care." 
"Good, then you'll eat here, sitting at Ms. Hurmtee's
  desk, with her kneeling at your feet like a good slut puppy." He seemed to
  think for a moment, "She'll be naked from the waist down of course and you'll
  be holding her leash." 
Mary's face lit up, "Cool!" 
"Oh, and afterwards you'll be administering the
  punishments she earned earlier. Seventy strokes all together, more if she disobeys
  on the way home. Can you handle all of that?" 
"I'd rather die than disappoint you!" She thought
  dreamily, out loud she said, "Definitely." 
"Good. She will keep the whip in her top desk drawer." They
  both turned to look at Jessica. To the both of them she was a beautiful, erotic
  sight. Her hair was sweaty and disheveled, kept back only by the harness gag
  that no doubt had her jaw aching by now. Tears had caused what little makeup
  she wore to run and the dried cum gave her face an unnatural sheen. Due, almost
  certainly to the butt plug, her posture was strained as if she didn't want
  to (or quite possibly, couldn't) stand up straight. Her tits were a bright
  crimson red all over with splotches of darker red where the whip had bitten
  especially hard. Of course there were also the seemingly hundreds of little
  dots where the thumbtacks had punctured her flesh. 
It was a happy surprise to Mary how little bleeding
  had resulted from all of the tacks, she liked seeing women sexually tortured
  on the net but blood sports had always turned her off. For one ridiculous moment
  she imagined connecting all the dots to see what pattern they made. 
As she led her teacher out the door by her leash
  Nathan whispered in her ear, "Take the gag off of her before she drops you
  off. Keep it as a souvenir if you like. The only clothes she gets back is her
  blouse and panties."  
--- 
Once again Jessica was humiliated, yesterday she
  had been made to walk out to her car naked in the company of one of her students.
  It would have been very difficult to explain had anyone seen but she felt that
  would have been easy compared to today. Today she was with the same student,
  and just as naked save for a harness gag and a collar. Said collar did of course
  have a leash attached the other end of which was held by the young girl. Naturally,
  the young girl was dressed in a slutty, way too tight schoolgirl uniform. 
"Of course!" She thought hysterically, "What else
  would you expect to see in the parking lot of a respectable high school at
  six o'clock in the evening?" 
When they first stepped outside she tried to cover
  herself, only partly out of modesty it was a very cool evening. Mary had looked
  her up and down once and shrugged, "OK, 75 and another five strokes for each
  step you take while covered." 
Jessica froze on the spot. The little bitch! Nathan
  wouldn't let her, would he? 
The girl rounded on her, "It'll be one HUNDRED
  seventy five if I get home late because of you!" 
She looked at Mary in disbelief, Nathan wouldn't
  let her do that, would he? 
Seeming to read her mind she continued, "I'm in
  charge of you now remember?" 
Miserably she nodded and moved her hands to her
  side. 
--- 
The ride home was fairly boring for Mary. To keep
  herself occupied she played with herself through her underwear but soon realized
  she couldn't walk into her house smelling like sex. She thought for a moment,
  then her lips curled wickedly. She began smacking her nude 'chauffer' with
  the loose end of her leash. 
The first strike caught Jessica by surprise, the
  car swerving wildly as she jerked in pain. 
"Keep you're mind on your driving. Imagine what
  would happen if we got pulled over!" Mary's voice became sarcastic, "Oh officer
  I don't know! She asked me to stay after class&hellip;I got really sleepy and
  woke up in her car and she was naked!!! Her hand was in my-my panties!" 
So it was that Ms. Hurmtee struggled to drive normally
  while naked and having random parts of her body beaten with a leather leash.
  So focused was she on the road and ignoring the pain that Mary had to slap
  her hard across the face to get her to pull over to the curb. 
She was confused until the girl explained, exasperatedly, "My
  mom's home you idiot. Do you think I want her to see me dropped of by a naked
  slut like you? I can walk from here." 
She began undoing the straps to the harness gag
  and with some difficulty wrenched it from the woman's mouth. 
Jessica rubbed her aching jaw, tenderly working
  it open and shut as though unsure it would still work properly. She saw the
  gag being stuffed into Mary's school bag, on top of her clothes. 
"May I have my clothes now?...Please?" She asked
  tenetively, not wanting to upset the teen. 
"No, not yet. Kiss me first." 
--- 
Jessica's mind reeled. Kiss her? The girl was a
  bit old for her own tastes but still pretty. Under other circumstances, i.e.
  sans sexual abuse to herself, she would not have minded such an invitation.
  This however was not an invitation but a command, she could see it in Mary's
  eyes. 
"Kiss you? Why?" She dared to ask suspiciously. 
"That's 80 strokes. I told you, you're the slave
  you don't get to ask 'why'." Jessica squealed as Mary's nails dug into her
  areola, "Now kiss me like you were kissing Nathan." 
Giving in hopelessly she leaned over and pulled
  the girl into an open mouth kiss. Just as she had been taught her tongue teased
  the other's gently while simultaneously running her hands firmly up and down
  the girls back and pulling her in close. She felt Mary begin to return the
  kiss and patiently waited for her to break the kiss (she had learned the long,
  painful results of ending a kiss before her master wished it). The kiss seemed
  to go on forever, in reality maybe only 2 minutes, the whole while Hurmtee
  kept thinking, "This isn't nearly as fun when I'm being forced to do it.",
  in reference to the slight tingling in her pussy that was a result of contact
  with this young tender flesh. 
-- 
Mary found herself enjoying the kiss immensely
  but forced herself to break off before giving her teacher any pleasure in it.
  Quickly she got out of the car throwing the older woman's blouse and panties
  back in. 
"Before you bitch Nathan decided that's all you
  get back." She said sternly holding the door open, "Now go home. I'll see you
  at school tomorrow." 
She started to slam the door when Jessica spoke, "Please&hellip;" 
Impatiently she caught the door, "What?" 
"At least let me take off the collar, please? I
  can't show up wearing this!" Hurmtee held up her leash, "I'll wear it during
  lunch I swear, just don't make me while I'm teaching!" 
"You will wear it and you will teach tomorrow,
  knowing I hold these." She dangled the keys she wore as a necklace, "Deal with
  it bitch." 
Mary rushed into the house, shouted "Hi mom!",
  and rushed up to her bathroom before her stepmother could see how she was dressed.
  She quickly stripped, throwing her soaked panties under her pillow for later,
  and put on clothes more like she usually wore. 
She found Anna in the kitchen, looking oddly sexy
  in the remnants of her business suit. Even barefoot, as she was now, Anna was
  nearly 5'11". Her straight naturally blond hair hung between her shoulder blades,
  only slightly tangled from being worn 'up' all day, framed a face that could
  easily be mistaken for that of a runway model. In her youth she had been very
  athletic, a member of the Track and swim teams until her 36D bosom bloomed
  making such activities impractical. Her body had retained its shape, hard toned
  muscle softening slightly into a softer more supple form.  
For the last year or so Mary had found secret pleasure
  in sneaking glimpses of Anna's body whenever possible. These opportunities
  were quite frequent since it was just the two girls Anna thought nothing of
  walking around the house in next to nothing.  
Catching an eyeful of her stepmother's firm breast
  through her half buttoned blouse Mary could understand why her father, a widower
  since Mary's birth, had married her. Barely 2 years after their marriage her
  father had been killed in a car accident, leaving Mary with a mother that was
  only 11 years her senior. 
Mary wasn't resentful though, Anna was young enough
  to be like a friend and away for work often enough not to smother her with
  attempts at being a 'good mom'. The last two days with Nathan was giving Mary
  nasty, half incomplete thoughts as to what else Anna could be. 
"I'm sorry about this trip, honey. I know I'd promised
  to stick around a while after this last one, take you shopping and all." The
  blond waived vaguely as she hung up the phone. "It's just that my boss, Ms.
  Pelty, says I'm doing wonders on these conferences and is talking about promotions." 
"That's cool, I guess. What's for dinner?" 
Anna frowned a moment, "Not much in the way of
  food, unless you feel like waffles?" 
"Order in?" 
"Pizza?" 
"Cheesy movie?" 
"Deal." They said in unison laughing. 
They had a relatively normal evening, filling each
  other in on what was going on at work and school. Mary of course omitting her
  recent after school extra curricular activities. 
Finally the started cleaning up and heading for
  bed. 
"Oh, hey I almost forgot!" Mary lied, "Do we have
  any clothes pins?" 
Anna looked puzzled, "Clothespins? Why?" 
"It's for&hellip;for school a special project." Well
  that's sort of true she told herself. Then an idea struck, "Oh and some candles." 
"If we do they'd be in the kitchen closet." 
&quot;I'll just get them ready so I don't have
  to rush in the morning. Sleep good. 
&quot;Good night.&quot; Anna called as she went
  upstairs. 
Mary rummaged through the closet and several cupboards
  before finding a handful of clothespins and a couple small candles. 
She took her findings, rushed up to her room, and
  stripped. Getting ready for bed as quickly as she could Mary finished brushing
  her teeth and, deciding not to brush it, ran her fingers through her hair.
  Her hands didn't stop with her hair, they ran down her neck, across the breasts
  that she constantly wished would get bigger. Gently they trailed down taunt
  tummy to tangle her fingers in her neatly trimmed bush. 
"Not yet." She moaned, resisting the urge to play
  with herself. She wished she could get her hands on her mother's vibrator but
  knew not to risk it while she was home. "Heck unless she got laid on the trip
  she's probably using it anyway." 
Reentering her room she picked up two of the clothes
  pins then began rolling her nipples between the thumb and forefinger of each
  hand. She closed her eyes and imagined her lover doing was doing it. Mary smiled
  when she realized for the first time her imaginary lover had a face, it was
  Nathan. Breathing heavily and believing her nipples were as erect as they could
  get she stopped. Taking firm grip of her right nipple she stretched it straight
  out until the pain made her wince, then placed the clothespins at the nipples
  base. After doing the same thing to the other side she paused, reveling in
  the ache they caused, and thought a moment. Going to her underwear drawer she
  managed to find one of the few sports bra's she owned (Her bust line really
  didn't require one when working out.).  
Mary readjusted the clothespins so they laid parallel
  to her body and pulled on the bra. It was a snug fit without the pins which,
  in addition to pinching her nipples, were being relentlessly crushed into her
  boobs. She smiled at the lumpy bulges they made in the garment. She shook her
  chest experimentally, nothing jiggled loose. 
"Good, don't want them falling off in the middle
  of the night!" She laughed. 
She crawled into bed wearing nothing else and began
  idly playing between her legs, working slowly to enjoy the mounting discomfort
  in her chest. Her eyes wandered coming to rest on the candles. A wicked thought
  crossed her lust hazed mind. Mary grabbed the longest one, maybe 8 inches and
  two of her fingers wide at its thickest. Rolling onto her side she spit wetly
  on the base of the candle and pulled it under her blankets. 
Fumbling slightly she had to stop playing with
  her clit to spread her ass cheeks. It took only seconds to find the rosebud
  of her anus with the candle, it took slightly longer to work up the courage
  to shove it in. 
"I wish he were here to MAKE me do it!" She thought
  imagining a time when Nathan would be sodomizing her unwilling body. Well she
  tried to imagine it but couldn't conceive a way that would make her unwilling.
  Finally she shamed herself into it, "Why would he ever want me if I couldn't
  even fuck myself for him?" and she shoved. 
"Nnngggahhh!!!....Oooohhh" she knew how very small
  the candle was, especially compared to Nathan's manhood but to her virgin butt
  hole it felt like a baseball bat was invading her. Once the wide part was past
  her sphincter it was quite easy to slide in. She stopped at what she guessed
  was probably half it's length when she encountered some resistance. She did
  not want to break it off inside herself. 
Exceptionally aroused now she fumbled around in
  her schoolbag for the gag. Hands shaking with excitement she tried to don it
  but found the ball much too large for her cute little mouth. Frustrated she
  threw it back in the bag, "Just as well I guess, what if mom saw it in the
  morning before I woke up?" 
She buried her face in her pillow to muffle the
  moans and resumed masturbating with a hand in her cunt while the other pumped
  the candle in her ass. In the morning she woke with both hands still gently
  caressing her labia and a broken half candle under her pillow. 
She got out of bed to find her mom had already
  had already left on her trip. It took several tries before she could get enough
  of a grip on the remaining piece of the candle in her butt. She finally did
  manage to pull it out and gave herself a small orgasm in doing so. While showering
  she tried to figure out what to wear today. She really didn't have anything
  as kinky as the too small schoolgirl outfit left but wanted to continue impressing
  Nathan. 
Digging through her underwear drawer Mary remembered
  what was hidden in the 'secret' pouch of her old stuffed bear. She rushed over
  and pulled out the two items. They were a matching pair of strapless demi-bra
  and thong panties. Both were lace, made out of a shimmering sky blue material
  with black highlights. The bra was a pushup type to enhance her minimal bust
  line. It had a catch in the front and Mary liked to think that in combination
  with the panties they sent the message that the woman wearing them hoped that
  wouldn't be the case for long. 
"Certainly true in my case." She thought slipping
  on the thong. It felt wonderful, she didn't get to wear them often for fear
  her mom finding them in the laundry. 
Bra on she finished her outfit with extremely low
  hip hugger jeans that seemed painted on (in fact they had a concealed zipper
  up each calf to make putting them on easier). Next was a sea green halter top
  that matched her eyes.  
Finished she looked herself over in the mirror.
  The severe French braid left her neck and shoulders bare to reveal the single
  spaghetti strap over each shoulder, the chain bearing the keys disappeared
  between her enhanced cleavage. Unless she were to lean over extremely far it
  didn't look like she was wearing a bra at all. The halter ended just below
  her belly button leaving almost 3 inches of her gently curved stomach bare
  before her jeans dangerously low waistline. They were so low, in fact, that
  it took a concerted effort to keep the top of her thong from showing and even
  then, they only stayed hidden until she moved again. 
"Perfect!" She giggled, threw her lunch and a few
  other things into her backpack and headed to school. 
-- 
Mary walked to her locker enjoying the stare from
  the boys, glares from the girls and the double takes of both as they realized
  that it was "plain old" Mary Collins dressed to kill. A few of the teachers
  glowered disapprovingly but there were many other girls that pushed the dress
  code even further every day so she had no fear of getting into trouble. 
"What the heck?" She had opened her locker to find
  a small package, wrapped in gold paper stuck to the inside door.  
There was a post-it note stuck to it, "Open now.
  ~N" 
The package pulled easily from the door. It was
  perhaps half the size of a cigarette pack and made no noise when shaken. She
  assumed '~N' was Nathan as she excitedly unwrapped the package. 
It appeared to be a remote, like a car alarm. There
  were two buttons and a small thumbwheel set into the side. The note folded
  around it cleared her confusion. 
"MARY, 
 I THOUGHT CLASSES MIGHT BE A LITTLE BOORING FOR
  YOU SO HERE IS AN ENTERTAINMENT. THIS IS THE REMOTE CONTROL FOR MS. HURMTEE'S
  ANAL INVADER. I NEGLECTED TO MENTION LAST NIGHT IT WAS A VIBRATOR TOO. IT'S
  OPERATION SHOULD BE FAIRLY OBVIOUS; ON, OFF, AND INTENSITY. USE IT RADOMLY
  THROUGHOUT THE DAY, IT WORKS FROM ANYWHERE IN THE SCHOOL. DO NOT USE THE TWO
  HIGHEST SETTINGS; I DO NOT WHISH HER PERMANENTLY DAMAGED. 
 ~N" 
-- 
Mary hardly paid attention in her classes that
  day. She was constantly fiddling with thee remote imagining the effect it was
  having on Ms. Hurmtee. She didn't want the teacher getting too used to the
  sensations and figuring her pain wracked orgasms in the middle of class while
  funny would not be beneficial in the long run. At most she would hit the on
  switch twice in a class period. She even skipped an entire class, mostly because
  it would have been hard to explain carrying a remote while playing basket ball
  in gym class 
Finally lunch came Mary rushed to out of her last
  class so quickly she had to wait several minutes for Ms. Hurmtee's last class
  to let out when the last student had left the classroom. Mary strode into the
  room, forcing herself into a confidant strut though she was extremely nervous
  about getting caught doing what they were about to do. 'I'm sorry but I'm very
  bu-"Jessica started hearing someone enter the room but then looked up from
  her papers. -sy. She finished quietly  
Mary looked her teacher over. Conservative heeled
  shoes, black pleated slacks and a thick knit sweater with a high turtle neck
  that still reached her chin even though it was rolled down at least two turns 
Mary shut the door and locked it, "Are you wearing
  it bitch. The collar I mean." 
Jessica's hands were shaking, "Of-of course, they're
  locked what would I have done?" 
"You might have been dumb enough to call a locksmith.
  Now shoes off and drop the pants. Panties too" 
"I-I would have but&hellip;" in truth she had tried
  to call but the two times she picked up a phone to try some how Nathan was
  already on the line saying she would be punished for this if she kept it up. "Please
  take the plug out! Just for a few minutes, please!! I have to go so bad it
  hurts!" 
"If there's time after I eat and give you your
  beating I'll think about it. So take as long as you want getting naked." 
Nervously she stood kicked of her shoes and loosened
  her belt. It was with great difficulty she stood to remove the pants. She hadn't
  been lying about needing the bathroom and was beginning to cramp around the
  too long plug. Not seeing any point in delaying the inevitable she pulled the
  panties and slacks down as one. Jessica was bent over, stepping out of her
  clothing when the thing violating her ass came to life once again. She nearly
  fell over. 
"Does that help take your mind off needing the
  'little slut's room' Ms. Hurmtee?" 
-- 
It took Jessica a moment to respond, "Nathan must
  have made this especially for me." She thought ruefully as the plug throbbed,
  sending vibrations to all the right places to make her wet while shaking hard
  enough to hurt. 
She tried to catch her breath mumbling, "Yes Master&hellip;Mistre..Mary" 
"Mistress? You almost called me mistress?" Mary
  sounded surprised, "I like it, that's what you'll call me from now on. When
  we're alone." 
"Damn that bitch!" Jessica though kicking her pants
  away to stand nude from the waist down. 
"Now slut, you should take better care of your
  clothes! Kneel and fold them neatly, then you will offer them and your leash
  to me! 
"Yes mistress." Jessica knelt down silently praying
  for lunch to end soon. 
-- 
Mary ate quickly wanting as much time as possible
  to torment her teacher. Once finished she purposely brushed the crumbs from
  the desk directly into her teachers face. 
"Time to get on with your punishment." Mary dangled
  the harness gag before Jessica's eyes. 
"Mistress&hellip;please no not the gag! I'll be
  good I swear!" 
"Listen slut, I don't think either of us believes
  you could stay quiet for the full 80 lashes." She shrugged disinterestedly, "But
  then, maybe you WANT everyone walking by to hear you scream, maybe they'd break
  the door down to see your bare ass beaten and plugged?" 
Jessica was quiet a moment, maybe that would be
  good, end this torment. It would be humiliating but then it would be over.
  Right? "No it wouldn't. Nathan would just make it worse for you." She thought
  to her self. 
"I'll wear it." She said flatly 
Mary yanked harshly on the collar, "Were you talking
  to someone slut?" 
Jessica knew what she had to say, countless torture
  sessions over the summer the 'right' way to speak. "Mistress, please gag this
  slut so that she will not embarrass herself with her weakness." She spread
  her mouth wide, as if inviting the gag to take its place. 
It took a good bit of force to get the ball behind
  Hurmtee's teeth. Mary ended up having to put one hand flat at the back of her
  head and the other on the gag, squeezing with all her might, before the ball
  slid into place with an audible "Pop". 
"Hell with a ball that size I think the straps
  are kind of a mood point don't you?" 
"Mph mifprtff" 
"Oh, well then, if you insist!" She mocked, as
  if understanding every word. Mary began buckling the straps down as tight as
  she could, ignoring the pleading whimper's of her victim. 
Using the leash Mary led her teacher to bend over
  the desk much as she had done the night before. 
"I'm not tying you down so if you don't stay in
  position well&hellip;.we'll just find ways of making it more 'interesting'
  for you" and with that she began to whale on the exposed ass. It was difficult
  but she remembered Nathan's instructions about control and picking a target.  
Stopping after twenty strokes to rest her arm she
  fondled Jessica's buttocks to feel the warmth radiating from the reddening
  flesh. Jessica's outstretched body was wracked with sobs, probably from a combination
  of pain and humiliation Mary guessed. Starting again she tried her left arm
  but it felt uncomfortable so after five strokes she switched back. 
Again she stopped after twenty, stroking her target
  gently. Giving in to temptation Mary traced the ass crack and gently followed
  the outline of Jessica's labia. The older woman shivered in response. 
"Like that did you slut?" Mary said in mock disgust, "Probably
  getting you all horny you fucking pervert. Here let me help" 
She started the vibrator on it's third highest
  setting (The maximum she was allowed to use by Nathan) and resumed whipping
  Ms. Hurmtee's increasingly welt covered butt. Despite the severity of the beating
  the vibrator was having a definite effect. The glistening wetness between her
  thighs drew Mary's eye from the target of Jessica's ass. She actually lost
  count while licking her lips. 
Guessing she was somewhere near twenty for the
  third time Mary stopped. She stared at the pussy that was moistening against
  its owners will. A small war was raging in Mary's mind. 
Sucking her bottom lip she moaned, "Oh what the
  hell, I forgot to bring desert anyway." She fell quietly to her knees and inhaled
  deeply, catching her first ever whiff of another woman's pussy. Tentatively
  her tongue stuck out and probed one of the protruding cuntlips&hellip;. 
-- 
Jessica was holding the edge of her desk in a white
  knuckled grip of death trying not to move. Trying not to shield herself, knowing
  that would only make things worse. In a way she was relieved for the gag. It
  kept her from crying out and drawing the school's attention of course, but
  it also made it impossible for her to be made to count each stroke out loud.
  It was one of Nathan's favorite punishments, forcing her to keep track.  
There was no way she would have been able to this
  time. Nathan was cruel, certainly, but he was methodical, patient. This young
  girl however was hardly anything but relentlessly vicious. The gentle touch
  at her cunt had been more of a shock than the whip's sting. It was gone almost
  as quickly as it had started. 
Now, though, there was a different sensation. A
  familiar sensation. Something warm and wet. Probing weakly, inexperienced between
  her nether lips. Was it possible? Mary was eating her out? 
"God it's been so long!" She though "Too long without
  a little lover down there!" 
She was frozen in place, wanting to grind her hips
  into the gentle mouth attacking her but fearing it would end if she so much
  as moved a muscle. She shivered, between the vibrator in her ass and Mary's
  wonderfully inexperienced mouth. An orgasm was building and it was wonderful.
  Jessica had hardly cum at all since Nathan found her and rarely from something
  so near the fantasies she used to live out. 
She was on the edge. She screamed in combined rage
  and pain as the riding crop bit her once again, pleasure once again denied
  her. 
-- 
The taste was different from her own, slightly
  bitter, but wondrous. Mary very nearly lost herself to the older woman's flavor.
  It took an effort of will to break away and resumed the teacher's punishment.
  Catching her breath she realized how close she had come to bringing Jessica
  off. An icy chill of fear ran down her spine, Nathan hadn't forbidden her from
  making Hurmtee cum, technically. It was supposed to be punishment, what would
  he say if Mary had made her feel GOOD? 
Fear of what he might do, or more importantly not
  do to her drove her into a rage. The remaining twenty lashes were much harsher
  than any she had delivered so far and almost certainly guaranteed Jessica would
  be avoiding her chair for the rest of the day 
"Oh wow!" Mary exclaimed glancing from her watch
  to the wall clock, "Never even heard the bell" 
She yanked on the leash, pulling Ms. Hurmtee up. "Looks
  like you have about a minute to get ready for class, whore." 
She threw the whip to the far end of the class,
  her pants in the other and walked out of the room leaving the door wide open. 
Mary was so exited from leaving her teacher in
  such a predicament (though she had lied about the time, just to make her panic)
  that she completely forgot to wipe the pussy juice from her face until she
  was already seated in her next class. Trying to be discreet she licked as much
  of it up as she could, wiping the rest off with her hand and then sucking said
  fingers. It was halfway through class before she thought to turn the anal vibrator
  off. 
To Be continued&hellip;  
Next: After School  
Eventually Mary's stepmother and schoolmates will fall victim to James. Any
  comments, questions, suggestions are always welcome at impossiblecl@netscape.net 
Finally school ended for the day. Instead of hiding
  in the bathroom this time Mary went directly to Ms. Hurmtee's classroom. Jessica
  tensed as the girl walked in but continued grading papers, saying nothing.
  Mary sat quietly in a desk directly in front of her teacher for a few minutes. 
&quot;When do you start getting ready?&quot; 
Jessica sighed, looked at her clock, &quot;In about
  half an hour, when everyone's gone.&quot; 
Mary nodded thoughtfully, stood up, walked over
  to the door, shutting and locking it. &quot;You'll get ready now and keep me
  entertained until he gets here.&quot; 
&quot;I don't think&hellip;&quot; Hurmtee started
  to protest. 
&quot;Get naked or I scream rape.&quot; Mary whipped
  off her shirt and pulled one cup of her bra down to expose her tit. Walking
  close, &quot;Wouldn't that be fun? People rushing in to see you with a half
  naked, crying student?&quot; 
Jessica went red with rage but then seemed to deflate. &quot;Alright&hellip;&quot; She
  sighed miserably and began taking her clothes off. Once fully nude, folded
  clothes sitting on the floor by her desk, she stood defiantly waiting for her
  next order, she had to obey this girl she didn't have to make it easy for her. 
In the mean time Mary had stripped off her skirt
  and shoes. Standing there in nothing but her underwear she adjusted the bra,
  tucking her pert breast back into it. Looking up she scowled, &quot;Don't act
  like you don't know what's going on! Hands behind your head! Legs spread!&quot; Mary
  smacked the taller woman, &quot;Present yourself properly!&quot; 
Grudgingly Hurmtee got into the all too familiar
  position, waiting for the inevitable. What would it be? More beatings with
  the crop? Something even more unpleasant using the thumb tacks? She found herself
  almost wishing it was Nathan instead. He may be cruel but by now there was
  a certain reliability, she was pretty certain nothing he did would kill her
  or leave unexplainable mark in obvious places. That is unless of course she
  disobeyed. This girl though had only the faintest ideas on torture, who knew
  what she would want to do? 
Mary's finger traced the collar around her teacher's
  neck, &quot;It looks good on you, whore.&quot; She raked her fingernails down
  the teacher's chest, leaving four red stripes down the top of each breast. 
&quot;Kneel&quot; when Jessica did not respond
  quick enough Mary took hold of her nipples and pulled her down, enjoying the
  high squeal of pain it produced. 
Hurmtee fell heavily to her knees, once the stars
  of pain cleared from her eyes she realized she was level with the sky blue
  panties. 
&quot;Kiss my panties.&quot; 
Not believing her luck Jessica obeyed, hungrily
  planting kisses up and down the girl's groin. By smell alone she could tell
  the girl was getting hot and tried to work her way down to where she was sure
  the panties would be getting damp. Just as she got close, however, the girl
  turned. 
&quot;Kiss my ass!&quot; She giggled at her own
  pun. 
Hurmtee gladly obeyed, especially when she was
  ordered to trace the panties with her tongue. 
&quot;Just what is going on here?&quot; 
Mary jumped with a start. Jessica's blood turned
  to ice in her veins, sick despair hit her gut like a sledge hammer. Unlike
  Mary, she had known Nathan would be upset that she had managed to get that
  close to a young girls pussy and that she would be severely punished for it.
  Her only hope was that she would get to see Mary punished as well, it had been
  her orders after all. 
&quot;Nathan! I&hellip;um &hellip;we were waiting&hellip;and&quot; her
  arms flailed around alternately as though pointing out the explanation and
  failed attempts to hide her near nudity. She was VERY aware of how little clothing
  she was wearing and his nearness mixed in a good amount of lust with the embarrassment
  that made her blush, &quot;And I didn't think you'd mind me using her.&quot; 
&quot;Yes, using her, that's fine. Pleasing her
  however&hellip;is not.&quot; He leaned in close so only Mary could hear. &quot;I'm
  disappointed Mary. You know I'll have to punish you now, don't you?&quot; 
Not trusting her voice, the girl nodded, feeling
  wonderfully weak and helpless. 
&quot;And you! You fucking slut!&quot; He turned
  viciously towards the kneeling teacher, &quot;You know you are not allowed
  near young cunt!&quot; 
He slapped her face so hard she fell over, &quot;Thought
  you could take advantage of an inexperienced mistress?&quot; 
Grabbing a hand full of her hair, slapping her
  again, he knelt on her lower abdomen. The increased pressure of his weight
  on her cramping bowels almost hurt worse than the slaps. 
&quot;S-s-sorry. I'm sorry master!&quot; she cried. 
&quot;No, you're not&hellip;not yet.&quot; Yanking
  her to her feet he began slapping her breasts as hard as his bare hands could
  manage, stopping only when both mounds of flesh were a throbbing deep red.
  After the first few smacks Mary joined in, using it as an opportunity to practice
  with the riding crop on Hurmtee's ass. This drew an approving nod from Nathan. 
&quot;Go lead her to the courtyard and remove the
  plug. Bring her straight back when she's done.&quot; 
Mary quickly grabbed the leash and started dragging
  her teacher to the door, &quot;Yes sir.&quot; 
The school's courtyard was a small grassy area
  with a path two trees, several benches and was surrounded on three sides by
  the school itself. In nicer weather it was used by seniors for study hall.
  Never letting go of the leash (not that she expected the nude teacher to run
  anywhere) Mary knelt behind her charge and used the key to unlock the huge
  anal invader.  
She only pulled it out part way however, &quot;I
  don't want you exploding all over me, slut. Take it out yourself.&quot; 
It was a struggle but Jessica did as she was told.
  At least she could do it gently rather than having one of her tormentors rip
  it from her. Her body's needs overcame her shame and embarrassment as she voided
  her bowels with a long wet farting sound. 
&quot;Tissue?&quot; she asked, not knowing what
  to expect. 
&quot;Oh, of course!&quot; Mary said airily,
  holding out something in her hand, &quot;We wouldn't want the slut to be all
  dirty!&quot; 
With great trepidation Hurmtee took what was offered.
  The cloth fell partially open in her hand before she recognized it, her bra
  and panties. She looked up. 
&quot;Use them.&quot; Mary commanded with an evil
  grin. 
Simply unable to find the strength to argue the
  teacher obeyed, leaving the soiled clothing bearing her embroidered initials
  there in the middle of the path. 
When they arrived back at the classroom Jessica
  was made to kneel as a spreader bar was locked between her thighs. Nathan held
  up a strap of leather, &quot;Braid this into a high ponytail, near her crown.&quot; 
Mary had done this before, at least in theory but
  the strap of leather was notably thicker than the ribbon she had learned with.
  So she struggled, doing the best she could, comforted by the fact that it didn't
  matter if she hurt her subject. 
Meanwhile Nathan was busy with Jessica's tits.
  Very rough thin twine was being wrapped tightly around their base causing them
  to bulge like balloons. Once they were tied off he gave them an experimental
  slap, they bounced a bit but the twine didn't loosen. 
&quot;Like twin punching bags.&quot; He paused,
  an amused look on his face, &quot;Ah, thought for another time. Open wide.&quot; 
Hurmtee obediently opened her mouth, knowing there
  was no other option for her. A spreader gag was locked in place behind her
  molars, keeping her mouth gaping and vulnerable. Mary finished braiding at
  almost the same time. 
Nathan inspected the work, nodding in approval
  then ordered her to spread the thumbtacks across the desk as she had the other
  day. As she did so he bound Jessica's arms behind her back, wrist to elbow.
  He then shoved her on her stomach and began tying the ponytail to the center
  of the spreader bar. When he was finished she was arched back so much her toes
  were almost able to touch the back of her head. 
Tears of pain were mixing with the drool of her
  perpetually open mouth as Ms. Hurmtee was carried to and set down upon her
  desk. A desk which had, thanks to the extra box of tacks Mary had brought,
  been turned into a veritable bed of nails. The strangled squeal she let out
  sent shivers of excitement directly to her young student's clit. 
&quot;Mary, do you know what 'Fisting' is?&quot; 
&quot;Uh-huh,&quot; She nodded vigorously, book
  reports weren't the only thing she'd been researching on the net recently. 
&quot;Good, I want to see how much of your arm
  can fit up this whore's cunt while I widen her throat.&quot; He dropped his
  pants and stood before the weeping teacher, his rock hard prick brushing her
  lips, &quot;Do not be gentle.&quot; 
As Nathan began pounding at the woman's mouth Mary
  fingered the exposed cunt. Sliding four fingers of her dainty hand into it's
  damp folds was hardly a challenge. Not surprising given the fact Hurmtee could
  fit half of her own hand in there. Mary shrugged, lined her thumb up along
  her palm and shoved as hard as she could. 
= 
Jessica was suffocating on Nathan's cock. The world
  blurred, fading, the thumbtacks pricking her body felt almost electric, it
  was giving Jessica flashback of her first week at the kennels. They had mixed
  poison ivy with her bedding straw. Her arms had been bound painfully behind
  her back, elbows and wrists together. Made to crawl on her knees, nipples rubbing
  on the rough concrete as her only balance she had to lick the doggie waste
  from the floor. It had taken many long beatings and electrocution sessions
  for her to control her vomit reflex.  
Air rushed into her lungs in ragged gasps but was
  quickly lost again as she screamed. Something tore in her vaginal wall. Something
  too big was filling her, too quickly. Grunting she tried to force it out. 
&quot;Oohh! Cool she's squeezing my hand!&quot; 
&quot;Good, now make a fist and punch it in and
  out. Use your arm as a dick, fuck her with it.&quot; He ordered, plunging his
  own dick down the teacher's defenseless throat. 
&quot;Punch? Fist? Ohhshiiitttt..&quot; Jessica
  thought as the world faded away again. 
She was in one of the kennels training fields.
  Tied down on hands and knees, her bruised tits were just brushing the ground.
  The nearby anthill was coming alive at the scent of the honey coating her chest.
  Someone had sprayed her groin with some musk from one of the bitches in heat
  and were now leading the first dog to her. 
&quot;Ok Sara, you can look at your surprise now.&quot;  
Jessica watched the small brunet remove the blindfold.
  It was Sara! Her prefect little girl! 
&quot;Daddy! That's Ms. Hurmtee from school!&quot; 
&quot;Yes it is darling.&quot; The man patted his
  daughter's head, &quot;She's the one that did those things bad things to you
  at school.&quot; 
The girl gasped, clapping her hands to her mouth. 
&quot;It's ok, honey. She's you puppy doll now.&quot; He
  stroked the girls hair, &quot;We can do anything to her you want, all summer.&quot; 
&quot;Anything?&quot; 
&quot;Yes, anything.&quot; 
The fourteen year old was quite for a minute, watching
  the cocker spaniel vigorously hump the bound woman. &quot;First I wanna see
  her breed with ALL the doggies, even the girls!!&quot; It was a very long night,
  and following day for Ms. Hurmtee as it was a rather large kennel. 
In her mind it was the series of mastiffs that
  were tearing into her, not her young student buried nearly up to the elbow
  in her cunt. 
= 
Mary adjusted her panties and looked nervously
  back at the school, &quot;You're leaving her like that?&quot; 
&quot;You have a problem leaving your teacher naked,
  bruised and hogtied in her own class room?&quot; He held the car door open
  for her. 
Cocking her head slightly she smiled, &quot;No,
  that's cool. What I really like is taking her clothes, keys and car.&quot; 
&quot;Then why ask?&quot; 
&quot;What if someone finds her? How will she get
  home?&quot; 
&quot;I didn't tie her that tightly, she'll be
  able to wriggle loose. After that, well she's not completely stupid, she'll
  figure something out.&quot; 
They drove in silence to her house, Mary squirming
  occasionally at the excitement of being driven through town in only her underwear
  as well as the likely prospect of getting fucked by Nathan tonight. 
She had thought it would be no big deal but when
  it came time for her to make the walk from the car to her front door she found
  herself terrified. They made it to the door and he looked at her expectantly.  
Mary returned his look. 
&quot;I assume it is locked?&quot; 
She gasped, gently slapping her forehead. &quot;Yes,&quot; She
  groaned miserably. 
&quot;Your bag is in the trunk,&quot; Nathan hit
  the remote, opening the trunk. He tried to suppress a smile as he watched her
  rush to the car, ducking behind a bush as a car sped past.. 
When she returned her face was flushed and she
  was breathing a little heavily but she was smiling. She retrieved the keys
  and opened the door, half skipping as she entered. Turning to shut the door
  Mary found he was still standing in the doorway. 
She looked at him, confused. He simply raised an
  eyebrow, &quot;Manners?&quot; 
Blushing again, &quot;S-sorry, please come in.&quot; 
Though slightly flustered, anxious at the thought
  of giving her virginity to him, she gave Nathan a quick tour of the house.
  They sat at the kitchen table, he wanted nothing but she sipped nervously at
  a glass of water. 
&quot;Do you know why I came with you today?&quot; 
She nearly dropped her glass, &quot;No.&quot; &quot;God
  please say it was so you could fuck me!&quot; She thought to herself. 
He smiled, guessing her thoughts without looking
  at them. It was plain enough in her eyes. &quot;I have to punish you. You made
  a mistake, admittedly without knowing it, but still a mistake.&quot; 
Mary was speechless, simply staring at him. The
  hint of tears formed in her eyes. 
&quot;Ms. Hurmtee has done nothing to deserve the
  reward you gave her. She knew better and so was punished.&quot; He brushed
  a stray hair off her forehead, &quot;You didn't think, letting your desires
  control you too much else I'm sure you would have realized your mistake.&quot; 
&quot;I-i-I'm sorry! Nathan, sir I&hellip;&quot; 
&quot;Shhh. Patience, that's the one thing you
  have to learn and what I should punish you for lacking. However,&quot; He sighed, &quot;I
  have no right to punish you. You are not my property. You have entered my world
  of your own will. I did not seek to take you, nor have I claimed you. So you
  have a choice.&quot; 
She was almost too afraid to ask, &quot;Choice?&quot; 
&quot;My brave girl,&quot; he thought happily. &quot;You
  can choose to accept punishment and be allowed to remain and learn. Or you
  may choose not to be punished and return to life as you knew it three days
  ago. It was luck you found me last time; I guarantee it would never happen
  again.&quot; 
Go back to life as a normal girl? No sexually tormenting
  her deviant teacher? Not being able to be near Nathan, no chance of ever fucking
  him? Serving him? These ideas scared her more than she would have imagined
  possible. She couldn't go back!  
&quot;NO! Please, punish me! Hurt me!&quot; She
  dropped to her knees in front of him eyes welling with tears, &quot;Make me
  yours! Please I'll do anything&hellip;&quot; 
Gently he placed a finger to her lips, &quot;Shh&hellip;You
  just had to say 'yes'. We'll see if you still want to be mine after you've
  been punished. Now go shower and get ready for bed like you normally would.&quot; 
&quot;Yes sir.&quot; She mumbled getting to her
  feet, running up the stairs while tearing off what little she wore. 
While she showered Nathan went through Mary's school
  bag. There were the usual items, pens, pencil's, tablets, calculator, hair
  clips and other such things one would find in a teen girls bookbag. There was
  also the harness gag they'd used on Hurmtee, as well as two empty thumbtack
  boxes. 
&quot;The little minx!&quot; He laughed, remembering
  how odd it seemed there were so many scattered across the teacher's desk. Then
  he found the candles, &quot;Like the idea of hot wax does she?&quot; 
She was sitting on the edge of her bed in a faded
  pink pullover night shirt, nervously playing with her damp locks. So preoccupied
  with imagining what might be about to happen to her that she never heard Nathan
  approach. He knocked lightly on her door as a courtesy before walking in. This
  caught Mary so by surprise that she jumped and half fell off of her bed.  
Recovering her balance she stood, bobbing slightly
  wanting to kneel before him yet not sure if it was the right thing to do. Instead
  she sucked her bottom lip clasping her hands alternately behind and in front
  of her. 
He set both her school bag and his own duffle bag
  of equipment beside her bed. Standing behind and a little to one side of her
  Nathan ran a finger through her hair. &quot;You are ready, I assume?&quot; 
The nearness of him made her shiver, next to him
  she felt so tiny and helpless. It was wonderful. &quot;Yes, sir.&quot; 
&quot;Then it is time for your punishment.&quot; He
  sat on her bed, patting his thigh, &quot;Come on, over my knee like the naughty
  little girl you are.&quot; 
He was going to spank her!?! Like a little kid?
  This was not at all what she had hoped for, even as a punishment but still
  found it sort of exciting. Quickly she did as ordered, stretching across his
  lap, belly down. As she wriggled around trying to find a semi comfortable way
  to balance she felt his hardening manhood poke her side. Smiling she wiggled
  some more, teasing his rod with her soft tummy.  
He apparently liked it as Mary could feel his hips
  grind in time with her movements. After only a few seconds though he stopped. &quot;That's
  quite enough you little tease.&quot; He reprimanded, though not sounding truly
  upset, &quot;Now pull up your nightshirt.&quot; 
Moving so quickly she nearly fell off of his lap
  Mary pulled the hem of her night shirt until it was bunched around her ribs.
  Nathan lightly caressed the sea-green cotton panties that were stretched taunt
  over the curves of her ass. 
&quot;This is your last chance.&quot; He murmured,
  a finger strayed down to an increasingly damp portion of her underwear. 
Mary's back arched, trying to follow the hand, &quot;Oh
  God! I'm sorry! Punish me! Please!&quot; A tear of need rolled down her cheek, &quot;Please&hellip;.&quot; 
A resounding ''crack&quot; echoed through the house.
  For three full minutes Nathan administered a bear handed spanking. He was not
  overly harsh though, not wanting to scare her away.  
Still, by the time he'd finished she was in tears,
  her face as red as her ass surely was but she was smiling. 
''There, you've been punished.&quot; He said, gathering
  her into his arms for a hug. 
She snuggled into his embrace eagerly but frowned
  slightly. 
&quot;Something the matter?&quot;  
&quot;Will it's just....&quot; embarrassment added
  to the crimson of her face, &quot;that's all?&quot; 
Though having long ago come to believe it impossible
  Nathan felt the stirrings of more than simple lust for a girl. &quot;As far
  as your punishment, yes, but I'm not done playing with you yet." 
Her body trembled in what Nathan was sure was a
  small orgasm.  
"Now, do have any toys you use to masturbate with?" 
"y-yes, sir." 
He lifted her to her feet, "Go get it." 
She half skipped half ran out of the room to return
  a minute later with her stepmother's vibrator. 
"You don't keep your toy in your room?" 
Eyes downcast Mary smiled, "'S not mine." 
"Sister's?" he asked, already knowing precisely
  to whom the vibrator belonged. 
"No, my mom's" 
"Very naughty," he laughed, taking the vibrator
  from her, "Take your night shirt off and get on your bed. 
She practically tore the garment off but was so
  anxious she got her right hand tangled in it for a few seconds. Embarrassed
  she tossed it over to her closet she jumped into bed. She felt her nipples
  hardening in the cool air as she fidgeted, trying to figure out what to do
  with her arms other than cover herself. To her relief Nathan provided the answer. 
"Hands together, over your head." 
She complied, surprised at just how nervous she
  was. There were goose bumps covering her body and she was trying not to shake,
  but her pussy felt like a running faucet at the same time. 
"Oh! Hmm&hellip;" She moaned as he began wrapping
  the rope around her wrists. It wasn't overly tight but certainly would not
  let her loose either. 
"I'm not going to gag you. If I do something you
  can't handle say so and I will free you." He had tied the rope to her head
  board and now grabbed her ankles, pulling her to the edge of the bed, stretching
  her arms taunt. "We'll see how you do tonight and tomorrow I will decide if
  you are worth making my slave." 
Her breathing was fast and shallow, "Yes&hellip;.please&hellip;" Mary's
  mind was flashing with all the things she had imagined/hoped he might to her
  and found herself terrified and aroused in equal parts. Would he fuck her?
  Would she have the strength to endure what he did do? 
Seeing these thoughts in her mind and the need
  in her face he continued, letting his words torment her as he worked on her
  physical body, "Try to enjoy having the choice to end your suffering, because
  if you become mine it will not be a frequent thing."  
Her ankles were tied to the edge of the bed keeping
  her feet spread wide. From his bag he produced a soft flogger and began with
  her inner thighs. Both the flogger and the force of his strokes were intended
  so sensitize the skin of his victim, awaken the nerve endings as it were rather
  than produce large amounts of pain. Mary inhaled sharply with each smack but
  did not scream not even when he targeted her nipples nor her panty covered
  clit. 
When he finished every inch of her skin from knees
  to neck was a uniform shade of red. She was breathing heavily, hips squirming,
  the wet spot of her panties nearly dripping. Nathan looked into her eyes and
  could see only lust. He looked deeper, into the part of the mind detached from
  the body's desires, and was not surprised to find some fear but was pleased
  to also find the excitement that fear brought her. 
Bending down he took one nipple in each hand, rolling
  it between thumb and forefinger with increasing pressure as he pulled them
  up from her body. He watched the struggle on her face, she managed to hold
  back the scream until he had nearly lifted her off the bed by her nipples.
  He cut her off with a kiss, spearing his tongue into her like a weapons. 
Mary tried to inhale him, using her tongue to fondle
  his. The pain was still there but seemed pale compared to the joy of taking
  any part of him within her. Her thighs quivered with a small orgasm. Suddenly
  he was gone, she fell back to the bed gasping as the blood rushed back to her
  abused nipples. She tensed sharply as something very cold and wet touched her
  right breast. Opening eyes she hadn't realized were closed Mary looked down
  to see an ice cube tracing the edge of her areola. First her right, then left,
  then back again. By the time the cube was half melted her nipples were so painfully
  hard she would have bet she could cut diamonds with them. 
The ice left her breasts, traced the valley between
  them to her soft tummy. He circled her belly button once before slipping his
  hand beneath the waist of her panties. Never letting his eyes leave hers Nathan
  let her mind guide his hand to where she was most terrified the ice would go.
  He found her clit, holding the sliver of ice there until it melted. He watched
  the goose bumps race across her body as she sucked her bottom lip. 
When the first cube was gone, two more found then
  entrance to her virgin hole. One slid neatly between her nether lips, the other
  held in place over her clit by the tightness of her underwear, the former producing
  a high pitched squeal from his victim.  
With a flourish Nathan produced the next tool of
  torture, "I found these in your bag&hellip;along with some empty thumbtack
  boxes I might add you evil little thing&hellip;and wondered why such an innocent little
  school girl would bring them to school." 
He twirled the long candle deftly in his fingers
  while the other hand produced a lighter, "Then I had an idea," flame sprung
  from the lighter, the candle ceased spinning, it's wick in the flame. The candle
  caught, Mary's eyes were locked on it following as it moved, "Was I right?" 
"Yieeee!" Was her answer as the first drop of melted
  wax landed squarely on her rock hard nipple. Three more drops and three more
  yelps came before she could gasp out "Y-y-yess&hellip;.ohh gggoddd!" 
"I thought so." He said with an evil laugh and
  produced another candle, lighting it on the first. With no particular pattern
  he used the candles dripping wax on her sensitive skin, especially inner thighs,
  breast, and belly.  
Gasping and moaning with every drop of molten wax
  to touch her flesh Mary's struggles were building a heat of their own. The
  ice cubes were melting but much too slowly. Everywhere was hot, burning with
  attention but her pussy was so achingly cold and lonely. If only he'd touch
  her there! One touch was surely all it would take and she'd explode in orgasm.
  She wanted to beg for that touch, beg to be fucked. Instead she fought to stay
  silent, she didn't think herself capable of coherent speech and didn't want
  him to think it was a plea for him to stop.  
A full quarter of each candle had been used when
  Nathan stopped and began kissing and nibbling his way from her neck to her
  groin. He'd bite only hard enough to leave light teeth marks and was careful
  not to disturb the hardening wax. A pair of locking nipple clamps joined by
  a chain were attached to her breast. The same twine that had bound Ms. Hurmtee's
  tits connected the center of the chain to the top of her headboard. It was
  pulled so tightly that even arching her back relieved the tension on Mary's
  breasts slightly. 
Mary's mind had all but shut down, short circuited
  by arousal, pain and wondrous frustration. She was freezing inside, but he
  skin was hot and alive with sensation from the wax. She had always liked tweaking
  her nipples but having it done so harshly, pulled so far by someone else&hellip;.it
  hurt terribly and she wished it would go on forever. 
Something cool, like lotion was smeared across
  her tits. She looked down to watch him rub the clear gel in. "oohh." She cooed
  at the gentle massage of her stretched tits. Only for a second did she wonder
  why he was wearing rubber glove before she felt it. 
The sensation started slowly, a few pin pricks
  here and there, little phantom itches like those your mind creates when your
  hands are to busy to scratch. Gradually it built to a maddening itch not unlike
  the tag on the collar of a new shirt, only worse because it was her whole chest.  
Mary began to squirm in what she knew was a vain
  attempt to free her hands and sooth the itching. Even when he moved the crotch
  of her panties aside to smear the gel irritant on her nether lips she didn't
  ask him to stop. Even when the sensations drove tears to her eyes, her whole
  body tense and sweating she begged not for release but rather, "F-f-fuck&hellip;mmerr&hellip;me..Please
  fuck me!" 
Nathan knelt upon the bed, lovingly smoothed the
  damp hair from her brow and kissed her deeply on the mouth. Purring like a
  kitten Mary's body shuddered as she felt her pussy being filled by him. 
The purr of pleasure quickly became a growl of
  frustration when the thing filling her womb began to gently vibrate. It wasn't
  him! It was only her mom's dildo! However the fire it was stoking in her pleasure
  zone, on top of everything else, overrode whatever anger she might have felt. 
Need overcame her, hips acting on their own accord
  began to grind against the intruder but there was nothing to push against.
  He had let go, leaving the clenching walls of her vagina the only thing holding
  the toy in place. For a moment he watched her struggles, humping the air while
  trying to free her arms (though whether it was to fuck herself with the toy
  or deal with her irritated bits even she didn't know).  
Chuckling happily to himself Nathan produced a
  polaroid camera and began snapping away. Either by sheer luck or long experience
  and timing he managed to get a clear shot the very instant her expression went
  from agonizing need to horrified surprise. He had coated the dildo with an
  especially thick layer of the gel and it had taken a moment for the irritant
  to mix with her juices and effect her most sensitive flesh. 
"Frustrating isn't it?" He smiled, knowing she
  was enjoying it, "Well I have to go take care of some things so&hellip;" 
He leaned over seeming to reach for the rope binding
  her arms. She tensed thinking she was about to be released and unsure how to
  feel about it but then he kept reaching. He turned the clock radio over on
  its face. 
"I'm going to leave you like this for a while,
  I'll be back. Maybe." He turned and walked out the door without a backward
  glance, "Don't wait up." 
Mary was left alone in the dark, tits stretched
  to the max, itching like crazy in her most sensitive places. The maddening
  it included the tender flesh that gripped the vibrator that was running too
  low to bring her over the edge. She was certain he'd done that on purpose,
  just like hiding the face of her only clock. He was torturing her mind as well
  as body. She loved it&hellip;at first but moments went by and he didn't return.
  So she assumed it was another test and willed herself strong enough to endure
  the torment for his pleasure. The night crept slowly by and she began to worry&hellip;he
  had said 'maybe'&hellip;.  
The night dragged on for Mary as she lay there
  in increasing discomfort and frustration. Uselessly her hips thrust against
  the air but found nothing to drive the vibrator any deeper. For a time she
  tried to occupy herself by trying to lick her nipples but even stretched as
  they were she could not quite reach.  
Finally she gave up, her mind in turmoil. Her tits
  were sore from being stretched. There was a maddening itch in and around her
  pussy as well as her breast that she could do nothing about. Neither could
  she do anything to help or hinder the dildo attacking her womb.  
All of this and she was scared. Not scared that
  Nathan, her tormentor, would leave her trapped like this to be found who knows
  when. Rather she was terrified that he had left her like this and would never
  return to torture her this way again.  
Also, not that she would admit it, even if she
  were fully conscious of it, it was terrifying to realize just how much suffering
  like this turned her on. She had never been a cruel girl but sexually tormenting
  her teacher was the most fun she'd ever had. Neither had she looked at another
  pretty girl as anything other than perhaps someone to be jealous of but now
  strange, naughty thought floated through her head in the locker room. More
  than anything, though, she wanted Nathan. Wanted to suffer for him, scream
  for him, serve him, fuck him, and please him.  
Nathan saw all of this in Mary's mind as she dozed
  fitfully. He smiled, her developing needs and desires were so contrary to everything
  she had been taught it would doubtlessly make her an emotional wreck if she
  stopped reacting on instinct and thought about it. He had seen it many times
  before, both in potential slaves as well as other aspects of life, a person
  with needs, talents or desires so contrary to their beliefs they could never
  be happy.  
That's what made Mary such a treasure in his eyes.
  It would be so simple for him to slip into her mind and remake it into whatever
  suited him. He had done so to countless other women. Or he could do it more
  traditionally, through torture and cruelty break her and retrain her into a
  subservient thing.  This too he had done innumerable times.  
"No," he whispered to himself, she was so close
  and willing to become that perfection he saw within. He was determined not
  to tamper with her mind but nurture her instincts.  
Soothing her mind to a restful sleep he gently
  took a warm sponge and cleaned away the irritant from her breast and pussy
  lips. Tossing her soaked panties aside and withdrew the vibrator, turning it
  off. He held the toy just below her nose as he tenderly fingered her clit.
  Whether from her own scent or impending orgasm he didn't know but when she
  opened her mouth in a gasp for air he slid the vibrator in. Much to his delight
  she began to suck on it as the orgasm swept over her.  
Slipping a pair of Ben-Wa balls into her cunt he
  untied the twine holding her nipple chain to the headboard, adjusted the chains
  clamps to a safe pressure and left her to sleep peacefully the rest of the
  night.  
=  
Mary woke to the sound of her alarm clock, feeling
  more rested than she could ever remember. She moved to sit up and was startled
  to find that she could. For a split second the thought she had imagined the
  previous night but then noticed she still work the nipple chain. Also there
  were faint traces where the rope had been tied around her wrists.  
There was a note next to the alarm clock. It read:  
Mary,  
Last night
  you did well. Today is your final test. Your instructions are as follows:  
 
   
    Your
      pussy is to be shaved bare.  
   
   
    You are
      to wear the outfit I have provided including the nipple chain from last
      night, nothing more or less.  
   
   
    When
      sitting there is to be nothing between the chair and your ass.  
   
   
    You will
      masturbate as much as necessary to leave pussy juice on every chair you
      sit in.  
   
   
    The balls
      in your pussy are known as "Ben-Wa". They are to remain in you at all times.
      Orgasms are forbidden.  
   
   
    You will
      eat lunch in the cafeteria like a normal student.  
   
   
    Ms. Hurmtee
      has her own orders do nothing to interfere with them .  
   
 
Signed,  
 Nathan  
She read the note three times, heart pounding in
  her chest. Many of the orders excited her, some confused her. Numbers 3 and
  4 scared her a little. How was she supposed to get away with frigging herself
  in all her classes?  
Looking at the clock brought the realization that
  she needed to start getting ready or risk being late. She hopped out of bed
  trotting to her bathroom.  
"Oh god!" The sensation caused by the balls moving
  as she did made Mary stop so quickly she nearly fell over. She tried walking
  again, this time more slowly. The sensation was still there, building slowly
  even more frustrating than the previous night's vibrator. Especially since
  she doubted she could run fast enough to bring herself off using them. "Walking
  to class is going to be interesting."  
Using a pair of scissors she trimmed her downy
  bush as closely as she could then grabbed her leg razor and got into the shower.
  Slowly, with extreme care she began shaving her sensitive nether region. Nervously,
  and awkward from lack of experience, she pulled her puffy little lips this
  way and that until she could be sure not a trace of hair remained.  
The outfit was a simple pleated skirt (just barely
  long enough for school regulations) and a flimsy sleeveless blouse made of
  thin silk. Fully dressed she took a few minutes to experiment. The skirts length
  would not make rule 3 too difficult. On the other hand the blouse while loose
  fitting the way it hung would clearly display her nipples if they were aroused
  (which the chain's clamps would ensure). Plus its top two buttons had been
  cut off, already having a low neckline and overlarge arm holes this ensured
  that if she did anything but sit perfectly still and straight it would become
  blatantly obvious she had no bra on.  
School was relatively uneventful, save for the
  two times she got carried away playing with herself and began to whimper out
  loud.  
"S-sorry, uh stomach ache." She muttered to the
  staring eyes.  
Other than that nobody seemed to notice she kept
  on hand between her legs in each class.  
Even Ms. Hurmtee's class went relatively normal,
  as far as Mary knew or could tell the teacher was not under any form of bondage
  or torment, not even a collar. She couldn't help wondering, however, how the
  older woman had gotten through her predicament the previous night.  
The bell rang, Mary began gathering her things
  while sucking her own juices from her fingers. She was trying to figure out
  how she would be able to rush to the other end of the school in time for class
  without cumming from the balls in her pussy.  
"Mary, would you stay a moment?"  
Shocked out of her musings Mary, panicked. Was
  she in trouble? Was this school related or something to do with Nathan? "Y-yes
  Ms. Hurmtee."  
As she walked up to the desk the Hurmtee was pulling
  a medium sized package from her desk. "You mistakenly left this under your
  desk yesterday, Mary. I thought it might be important."  
Mary took the package hesitantly, "I&hellip;.uhhmm&hellip;."  
Talking through a forced smile Hurmtee went on, "For
  heavens sake&hellip;it's from him  read the damn note."  
"Oh!" She smiled, tucking the package under he
  arm she ran off. She had to stop several times to stop from cumming in the
  middle of the hall.  
She could tell that by now word of her outfit,
  and probable lack of a bra, had spread to most of the boys in the school. Every
  now and then she'd catch one trying to look down her shirt, or staring at the
  little bumps in her shirt that identified her nipples. Knowing she was being
  watched excited Mary but was frustrating at the same time, now she had to be
  extra careful not to get carried away while jerking herself off.  
As her fingers slid in and out of her wet hole
  she read the note attached to the package. It was simple and direct:  
Change into
  this immediately after school. I assume you will understand the look I want
  .  
It was a relief when the final bell rang. She had
  been so distracted all day it was a wonder she hadn't been given detention.  
"Of course, I do  have to
  stay after school though!" She smiled to herself, rushing off to her hideout
  bathroom.  
Slamming the door shut behind her Mary immediately
  tore into the package. The contents took her breath away. With her heart pounding,
  hands shaking she tore off her clothes.  
=  
Mary looked herself over. The black, strapless
  bustier had 'wonderbra' cups that made her cleavage much more impressive than
  usual. "You could almost believe they were D's!" She laughed.  
The gentle curve of her taunt belly was visible
  above the black lace thong. The lace pattern was thin enough to make clear
  her lack of bush, its straps riding high on her hips. The straps of the matching
  garter belt framed the pale globes of her ripe bum. Her stockings were a spider-web
  pattern.  
She wobbled slightly on the shiny black heels as
  she turned to check her makeup. The shoes were difficult to get use to but
  the effect of the makeup was stunning. Mary didn't look at all like herself.
  She was now, pale with accentuated cheek bones, dark purple eye shadow, and
  matching lipstick. Following through with the look provided by the outfit she
  messed her hair up stylishly like a gothic club dancer.  
Checking her reflection one last time Mary hurried
  off to Hurmtee's class room, tottering on the unfamiliar shoes.  
The door was closed but not locked, Mary walked
  in with her heart pounding in combined anticipation of what was to come and
  exhilaration from having walked the length of the school in her underwear.  
Nathan was at the teachers desk, leaning back in
  the chair, feet propped up. He was wearing only silk pants like pajama bottoms.  
Hurmtee was in a slave harness made of leather
  straps and D rings. She was writing "I AM A LESBIAN SLUT AND PEDOPHILE" over
  and over on the chalk board. It was rather sloppy writing as she had to hold
  the chalk in her mouth due to the mono glove binding her arms behind her.  
"Ah, and the star of the evening arrives!" Nathan
  clapped his hands and hopped to his feet. Hurmtee tensed but continued her
  task.  
Mary blushed, "Did I do alright?" She struck a
  pose, nearly toppling over having forgotten about the high heels.  
Nathan laughed, steadying the girl. "Very good,
  hardly would have recognized you, if the outfit hadn't been my choice. Did
  you enjoy yourself last night?"  
"Oh yes!" She nodded vigorously, but then cast
  her eyes down, "But&hellip;why? Why didn't you fuck me?"  
 "I hadn't decided to make you mine yet." He said,
  kissing her forehead.  
"But..but I'd&hellip;.do anything you want&hellip;." She
  whimpered.  
"Would you?" he smiled, "if you are to be with
  me you must obey me above all others. You will be loyal to me alone. Can you
  do that?"  
Mary was so horny, so excited, she needed him more
  than anything she could ever imagine, "Yes..anything&hellip;just PLEASE&hellip;"  
"Even if I wanted you to hurt a friend?" Nathan
  had moved away from her now, behind Hurmtee's desk again.  
Confused an a little worried, Mary began to fidget. "What?"  
"If I told you I wanted to watch you rape one of
  your friends. Do you think you could do it?"  
Mary was shocked, the thought was evil, naughty,
  slightly arousing but (much to her surprise) not revolting, "I&hellip;.ahhh&hellip;."  
"Because that's what you're going to do&hellip;" He
  opened the closet behind Hurmtee's desk, "If you seriously want to become my
  slave."  
Nathan hefted a limp bundle from the closet, carrying
  it to the front of the class room. He set it down on the floor, it was a young
  girl perhaps a year older than Mary. The girl was wearing only her underwear
  and a blindfold. Nathan began undoing the knots around her ankles keeping the
  blond girl hogtied but left her arms bound at her back.  
"That's Anna McKeen!" Mary gasped, finally recognizing
  the bound girl.  
The gag was removed from the apparently unconscious
  girl, drool ran down her cheek, "I do believe you're right. Anna here snuck
  out to hang with some of her friends last night. They got separated and she
  spent the night here in Hurmtee's closet."  
Anna's legs were attached to a spreader bar and
  she was rolled onto her back. "You knew her I believe?"  
It never occurred to her to ask how he knew that,
  Mary just nodded, "Yea, we were pretty close in elementary and Junior High&hellip;.." She
  could feel her pussy clenching around the Ben Wa balls.  
"Good, Ms. Hurmtee&hellip;my bag please."  
Carefully the teacher set down the chalk, making
  a face as she tried to spit away the taste. Slowly she made her way to the
  corner, the one foot hobbling chain slowing her progress, to retrieve his bag.
  Having no hands free she had to pick it up and carry it with her mouth. Luckily
  for her it wasn't very heavy today. Setting the bag at his feet she knelt quietly
  awaiting her next orders.  
Nathan pulled several items out of the bag, a video
  camera, digital camera and a wooden box that was somewhat bigger than a shoe
  box.  
=  
Jessica recognized that box, she'd had to stifle
  a gasp when she saw it. For years its contents had brought her countless pleasures,
  it was where she had kept her 'rape supplies'. Her mind automatically flashed
  back to the last time she had seen it. It was not a pleasant memory.  
Jessica was kneeling in the vet's office of the
  kennel, having just undergone her weekly bee venom tit injection, when she
  was told Sara's mother had returned from her trip and wanted to "meet that
  worthless shit sack that hurt my daughter".  
An older woman walked in, her hair black and wavy
  like Sara's. The woman had never been gorgeous by any means but wasn't bad
  looking for a housewife with a young daughter.  
"So you're it  the one that
  did all those things to the little girls? Don't deny it, I've seen the pictures."  
Jessica was in no position to argue, the ring gag
  that had nearly broken her jaw to don didn't let her do much more than drool.  
"This is what you used isn't it?" She tapped the
  box Hurmtee had kept her toys in. "Can you imagine how those girls felt? Probably
  not. I'm going to show you though."  
She opened the box, removing the strapon. "Do you
  like it? Beadwork is a hobby of mine." The shaft of the dildo had been covered
  with strips of rough sand paper, glued to the spaces between those strips were
  hundreds of craft beads. They were all different colors and came in a dozen
  different shapes; stars, triangles, cubes, spirals etc.  
"Now I'm not a lesbian whore like you," She said,
  dropping her slacks and donning the sex toy over her conservative panties, "But
  it's a step I'm willing to take to teach you a lesson for hurting my little
  girl."  
Hurmtee couldn't move, still being strapped in
  place for the injections, as the angry mother walked around to her rear. There
  was no build up, no snide comments, and certainly no lube. The modified dildo
  simply plunged into Jessica's cunt with all the force her tormentor could muster.
  Not normally the one doing the penetrating portion of sex Sara's mother simply
  rocked her hips back and forth in a mechanical exaggeration of what her husband
  did in their love making.  
It went on for hours, neither getting any sexual
  pleasure from the experience but the mother was quite proud that for the next
  day or so Hurmtee was nearly paralyzed with internal pain.  
=  
Nathan opened the box, removed two vials and a
  syringe, then passed the box to Mary. "Everything you need is in there. Your
  own cat-'o-nine tails, a strapon, and Hurmtee's old 'rape collar'. "  
The syringe plunged into the girl's shoulder, "I'm
  giving her the antidote. She'll be fully awake in about 60 seconds. If you
  want to be with me, fuck her. Not just have sex with her, RAPE her."  
"I&hellip;" She began and was silenced by his finger
  on her lips, she had to resist the urge to lick it.  
"Remember this is a one way decision. Once your
  mine, your are for ever. If you choose no&hellip;you'll never see the three
  of us again." He took his finger away.  
Mary sucked her bottom lip, fretting. On the floor
  groaning her way back to consciousness was her one time friend Anna. They were
  still in Drama together! Could she really rape  another
  girl?  
She looked at Nathan, his face was carefully neutral
  letting her make up her own mind. She thought about the previous night and
  everything he had shown her to this point.  
Mary nodded, her mind made up she gave her self
  a quick nod.  
"Whore, get these panties off me!"  
=  
Hurmtee, jolted from her painful memories looked
  up expectantly at Nathan.  
He nodded, giving her permission as he handed the
  box to Mary.  
The teacher's large tits wobbled as she shuffled
  over to Mary's side. Leaning forward, taking the waistband gently in her teeth.
  She only paused for a second as the sent of the young girls arousal overwhelmed
  her. Quivering with her own desire, Hurmtee worked the thong down the curvy
  legs. She waited patiently for them to be stepped out of then picked them up
  holding them in her teeth like a trained dog. Smelling Mary's dampness and
  there was a patch of cloth soaked with those juices mere inches from her lips
  was driving Hurmtee crazy. Tonight, however, she had a reason other than pain
  to obey and she was determined not to fail.  
=  
Mary stepped out of her panties. Anna began to
  moan a little, waking up slowly. The strapon was more difficult than Mary had
  anticipated.  
"They don't show this part in pornos I bet!" She
  muttered, fumbling with a buckle. Finally securing the fake prick she put on
  the collar and tested it, "So how does it make me sound?...Oh wow!"  
Her voice came out with a mechanical buzzing making
  her sound almost robotic.  
"Hello? Somebody? Can some one help me?" It was
  Anna, still half groggy but able to realize she was bound and blindfolded.  
Mary looked up at Nathan, her first instinct had
  been to help the blond. He simply shrugged as if to say "well what are you
  going to do?"  
She bit her lip, steeled her nerves and spoke. "There's
  nobody to help you&hellip;whore!" She tried to sound harsh but her voice quavered
  a little.  
The girl squirmed but couldn't break her bonds.
  Mary knelt next to her running a finger along her own lips. "Have you ever
  eaten pussy, whore? Because you're going to eat mine&hellip;"  
"No! No! let me go!" The girl thrashed about, "Please!!"  
Taking her words from stories she'd heard Mary
  went on, tracing Anna's bra with a fingernail, "You aren't going any were sweety.
  We're going to have some fun. Now beg me to fuck you&hellip;"  
"Nooooo!!!" Anna wailed, thrashing even harder.  
The cat made a series of loud snaps as it struck
  the girls inner thighs from knee to pussy lips. Her every muscle tensed, arching
  her like a bridge as she shrieked in pain, "STOPITSTOPITStooopppp!!!!Please&hellip;"  
Mary kept swinging, even as she spoke.. "Say it,
  say you want me to fuck you!"  
"ppleeeaasssee&hellip;." Some tears were escaping
  from under the blind&hellip;  
A small detached part of Mary's mind marveled,
  how could this girl not  want to be fucked? Mary had ever
  since she knew what fucking was! The rest of her mind was occupied with NOT
  thinking about what she was doing because if she let herself realize she was
  whipping another girl her age she'd freak out, get scared and stop. Instead
  she focused on thinking of all the things she imagined having done to her.
  So what if it was happening to another girl, by her hand?  
"OK!!! I'll say it, ok? Just&hellip;just stopp&hellip;.p-p-pplease&hellip;"  
"Please what?" Mary was breathing hard, her hand
  was shaking, and a river was flowing from her cunt down her leg. She let the
  strands dangle, unintentionally teasing the reddening thigh of her victim.  
"P-pplease&hellip;f-fuck *sniff* me.."  
"As you wish&hellip;" Mary smiled up at Nathan,
  who nodded back. She hadn't intended to but in her excitement while pulling
  down Anna's panties one side tore in two, leaving the underwear to dangle from
  one leg.  
Anna's pussy was bald Mary noticed and, deciding
  to go with what little lesbian experience she had, she leaned took a deep wif
  and stuck out her tongue.  
The way Anna moved she might as well have just
  been electrocuted when the wetness from her tormentors tongue made contact
  with her labia. The way she thrashed about wasn't doing her much good but Mary
  was kneed in the head quite accidentally.  
Pissed now, she grabbed the blond's hips. Digging
  her nails in for grip Mary attacked the cunt before her viciously with tongue
  and teeth. There was no mistaken attempt to please the bound girl Mary just
  wanted a thorough tasting of pussy and after being kneed in the head&hellip;so
  what if it made the girl cry?  
After having licked and bitten almost every inch
  of pussy flesh twice Mary remembered the new equipment between her own legs.
  Giggling a little, she reached up, took a handful of tit in each hand and dragged
  herself to lay on top pf Anna. She began humping her hips like the guys in
  pornos.  
"Damn these are hard to aim!" She though to herself
  after her third attempt to penetrate the girls lips. "How do guys do it?"  
Finally she leaned back and guided it in by hand.
  Being a virgin (technically) and certainly never having been on this side of
  the sexual equation her movements were clumsy and uncertain, like everyone
  that first time.  
"Oh! Oohhhh!" Mary moaned, smiling as the strapon's
  friction worked its magic on her own clit. She stopped thinking about it and
  rode the sensation humping poor Anna's cunt with all her might.  
The blond girl was crying and whimpering, it sounded
  a little like hiccups. Mary leaned forward and inhaled a mouthful of tit and
  bit down hard as she sucked. Anna bucked and shrieked with the pain. Her thrashing
  was sending extra jolts of pleasure through the strapon to her tormentor's
  clit.  
Mary did this several times, then decided how far
  she could stretch Anna's nipples, using her teeth.  
Finally Mary came, pulling a handful of the blonds
  hair she forced her mouth open for a deep French kiss. With all her thrashing
  the blindfold had worked loose and as the kiss broke the two teens looked each
  other in the eye.  
Panicked Mary froze wide eyed. Hundreds of thoughts
  ran through her head. One of the worst happened.  
Anna's tear reddened eyes looked up at her rapist
  in confusion, "W-why?" Then a look of recognition spread across her face, "M-my
  god!! I know y&hellip;."  
=  
At that second Nathan pounced. More accurately
  his thoughts did the pouncing, directly on to those of the defenseless blond.
  He worked quickly and subtly having practiced hundreds of times on his own
  rape victims. It took less than a second but in his mind it always seemed like
  hours.  
"Time must be different at the speed of though" he
  mused watching the scene play out.  
=  
"I know&hellip;" Anna paused, confused she thought
  she'd recognized&hellip;but no&hellip; "Know where some money is! Let me go
  and you can have it!!!"  
The momentary pause seemed to unfreeze Mary. She
  fumbled with the blindfold, cinching it back in place, a little too hard perhaps.
  Breathing hard, dildo still in her victim she looked around. Ms. Hurmtee still
  knelt beside her, thong held daintily in her teeth, her pussy was dripping.
  Nathan was leaning against the wall, holding a digital camcorder.  
"Was it good for you?" He smiled  
She laughed, it sounded odd through the collar, "Yeah&hellip;"  
He tossed her some thin rope "Wrap her up, we're
  done for now."  
She had never been a Girl Scout, or even camping
  but still managed to bind the struggling girl in a sort of fetal position.
  Rope was wound around one knee, ran behind Anna's neck to the other knee and
  pulled tight (Mary sat on her legs to make it tighter), bringing knees and
  chin into close proximity. The spreader bar was removed, ankles were tied together
  and bound to the wrists. She looked up to Nathan for approval.  
Putting the camera away he nodded, "We'll need
  to work on your knot tying but I like the crotch rope."  
She smiled, "Thanks! Um, now what?"  
"Now, We leave and I make you mine." He stood,
  a bundle of thin rope in his hands, "Stand up."  
Heart thundering in her chest Mary did as she was
  told. He had said it! He was going to make her his  !
  She couldn't have hid the look of joy on her face if she wanted too.  
He walked behind her, gently guiding her arms to
  meet behind her back. The rope was wrapped around the elbows and pulled tight
  and tied so they would meet, Mary moaned slightly, then down to the wrists
  where it wrapped around again. The strapon was removed and tossed in his bag
  then the rope was pulled tightly down the crack of her ass and between her
  pussy lips, was knotted several times near her pussy, then traveled straight
  up to loop once around her neck.  
The loop was not tight enough to choke her but
  would keep tension on her arms while forcing her to arch her back.  
"No need to hide these any more either&hellip;" He
  smiled at her as he tucked the cups of the bustier down to reveal her breasts.
  He pulled the nipple chain free to dangle in the air.  
Mary's eyes were closed, biting her lower lip trying
  not to explode in orgasm right there. Her hips were rocking, subconsciously
  trying to rub the knots against her clit, "Oh god! He's tying me up! I'm going
  to be his slave! Oh shit I'm gonna cum again!! He's going to FUCK ME!!" These
  thoughts rushed though her head and when he ran his fingers down the rope to
  straighten it and his fingers brushed her pussy lips.  
She couldn't hold it back any more, she came so
  hard her knees went weak. With no arms to balance herself with Mary lost her
  balance and fell into him. He held her against his chest, lightly massaging
  her pussy as she moaned trying to catch her breath.  
"Thank you&hellip;" She whispered looking up with
  big doe eyes.  
He held up his hand, it was covered in a thick
  coat of her slick juices. "You certainly are a messy little thing." He licked
  one of his fingers, "Hmmm&hellip;a little like strawberry&hellip;"  
He brought his hand to her lips. She stuck her
  tongue out tentatively, not sure if that's what he wanted, and gave a gentle
  lick to his palm. He nodded so she continued. Soon he joined her in cleaning
  her juices, when their lips met the first time it was an accident, the second
  time he pulled her close and tried to inhale her tongue while searching her
  tonsils with his own.  
=  
Nathan broke the kiss staring hard into her eyes.
  He could tell he was scaring her a little but he was upset. Not with her, no
  she was perfect but with himself. It had been a long time since he had felt
  true passion with a woman, not since&hellip;.Well not since a long time ago.
  He certainly didn't make a habit of showing it. This girl does something to
  him, though, something he couldn't explain. He doesn't like not being able
  to explain things.  
"Go wait in the parking lot." He ordered her, "You
  will not hide and you will not cum."  
Mary nodded quickly and walked out of the classroom,
  wobbling slightly on the heels.  
He turned to Hurmtee, panties still in her mouth
  she quickly turned away, pretending she hadn't been watching. Nathan of course
  knew what she was thinking. He had shown an emotion other than hate or contempt
  in front of her. That was dangerous, she might think it a weakness and do something
  stupid like try to use it against him. That would not go well for her.  
"Let's clear that delusion from her mind right
  now." He thought, giving Anna another dose of the knockout drug.  
"Spit those damn things out." He ordered  
Not giving her any warning he simply grabbed Hurmtee's
  nipples and lifted cruelly, forcing her to squeal and scramble to her feet.  
"Make those fuck sacks useful and erase the board.
  Unless you want your students to read the truth about you in your own writing"  
When she didn't move immediately he grabbed her
  by the hair and drove her over to the blackboard. Pressing her chest against
  the board he began rocking her side to side, using her tits as erasers, "Like
  this you stupid cunt. Or don't you want your gift?"  
"Ahh !ouch! Shit&hellip;I'll do it&hellip;Fuck.." She
  tried to shake of his grip.  
"Good, I'm taking off your mono-glove. When you're
  done you can take Anna back to your place. You can do anything else you want
  to her as long as she's an obedient pussy licker by the time I tell you to
  let her go. I don't care if she likes it, she just has to do it when told.
  Understood?"  
"Yes, sir."  
"If you screw this up you'll never leave that kennel
  again unless I'm pissed and want something to hurt."  
He never made empty threats, her heart froze. "Y-yyes
  sir."  
=  
Mary was shivering. It was cool out, certainly,
  but she was also nervous. She was tied up, practically naked and utterly alone.
  Finally she heard the school door open, her heart jumped for a second fearing
  it might not be him.  
Someone walked up behind her and put their arm
  around her shoulder. It was Nathan; she took a deep breath, willing her heart
  to slow down. He began leading her to the car.  
"I have a question, sir"  
"Yes, What is it?"  
"Well, Anna &hellip;when her blindfold came off&hellip;She
  recognized me. I know it but only for a second&hellip;then she, I dunno, forgot."  
"So?"  
"How did that happen?"  
He was quiet as they got in the car. He started
  it then turned to her, "I suppose I could tell you&hellip;" He undid the zipper
  on his pants, "Or I could let you suck my dick on the ride to dinner&hellip;."  
Mary's heart jumped, wedging itself in her throat.
  She looked from his eyes to his crotch and back again. Licking her lips, she
  gave a weak whimper and leaned over&hellip;  
To be continued.  
Authors Note: Anna was created to resemble a fan
  who requested to be included in the story.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Hector


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





