BDSM Library - Training the Ultimate Slave




Training the Ultimate Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman is kidnapped and trained as a slave, then forced to aid in the slave training of a young girl.  Unfortunately for them, only one will survive to become the master's personal slave.Title: Training the Ultimate Slave   
Stage 1 &ndash; Preparing   
I always thought that I'd like to break a nice Christian woman. The more
  pure a woman seemed, the more I wanted to rape and violate her.  
My first few rapes were the least satisfying. I'd hide out in sight of a
  church parking lot at night while there was choir practice or whatever, and
  I'd use binoculars to check out the women. I'd pick one, and follow her home.
  Then, I'd stalk her for a little while. When I got my chance, I'd come after
  her with a gun, and get her into my van or rape her on the spot.  
It was always quick then. I'd wear a mask, and get her clothes off as fast
  as possible. Then, it was one rape session, maybe half an hour on a good day,
  and I was gone. It was fun, but not much payoff for all that work. I wanted
  something more. I wanted to kidnap a woman and make her my slave.  
I spent some extra time looking for the woman that would become my slave,
  and it really paid off. I found a very cute female preacher in one of the smaller
  suburban churches I went to. She had shoulder-length brown hair and green eyes,
  and a trim figure. Her tits were smaller than the ones on the women I usually
  went for, but that was a small price to pay.  
After that, it was the same routine. I stalker her for a few days and learned
  her schedule. Luckily, she was alone on weekdays while her husband worked.
  I was quick to take advantage of that.  
I put a gun to her head, and told her to put her hands behind her back. When
  she did, I handcuffed her. Then I forced her into my van, and forced a ball
  gag into her mouth. I locked her ankles in place with a spreader bar, and put
  a collar on her neck. I chained her to the floor of the van, and then I chloroformed
  her, just to be sure. I didn't want to leave the slightest chance of anything
  going wrong.  
I threw a blanket over her and started the long drive back home. She woke
  up along the way, but I just pulled over and drugged her again. By the time
  I got her home, it was late at night. I drove into my garage, then pulled her
  out of the back of the van and took her into the basement.  
I had put a lot of thought into what I would need to have for her training,
  and my basement/dungeon was well stocked. I had a huge selection of sex toys
  and household objects that might be useful, as well as some furniture (including
  a king-sized bed). I also had placed metal hooks and in various places around
  the room, so I could chain her however I wanted. There was a nice, cozy cage
  situated in one corner of the room.  
Once in the basement, I stripped her, leaving her clothes in tact. I thought
  I might keep them as souvenirs, since she obviously wouldn't need them again.
  I found out that she had been wearing some fairly unremarkable white panties
  and bra. Not that I expected anything different from this bitch. She had nice,
  large areolas. I measured them. They were just over two inches across.  
I sat her in a chair, and tied her down tightly. I used ropes and chains,
  limiting her range of movement as much as possible. Her legs were spread wide,
  and her ass was pushed forward slightly from the back of the chair, giving
  me good access to her pussy. I decided that it would be better if she was awake
  for the first rape, and anyway a night of worry might help her disposition.
  So, I just masturbated while looking at her, and then I went to bed.  
Stage 2 &ndash; Under Control   
She was wide-awake when I came down early the next morning. When she saw
  me, her muscles strained against the ropes, and she shook her head hard, despite
  the collar that was firmly attached to the back of the chair. I heard muffled
  wails coming from behind the gag.  
"Morning," I smiled. "Welcome home, Whore. You are now my slave. From
    now on, you will do exactly what I say, when I say it. Any hesitation or
    resistance will be severely punished. You will speak only when spoken to,
    and even then you will only give short, direct answers to questions." 
    
I watched her reaction. She was clearly horrified by everything that was
  happening, but I couldn't tell if she had even managed to register what I had
  said. It didn't really matter for now, though. She'd learn it all eventually.  
I slapped her face to get her attention. She stopped struggling for a moment. "Forget
  everything about the life you've lived so far. You will never, ever go back
  there. Your name is Whore. And now, I'm going to help you get used to the idea
  of being fucked by me."  
I pulled out my cock, and she started struggling again, even harder than
  before. She screamed over her gag as I straddled her and lined my dick up with
  her entrance. I spread her pussy with one hand, and prepared to guide myself
  in with the other. I noticed that she had been sweating from the night's exertion.
  Her screams turned shrill as I forced my cock in dry. I pushed slowly and steadily,
  until I was deep inside her. My cock filled her tight, hot pussy. It was the
  most thrilling experience I had ever had up to that point.  
She cried and grunted with pain as I started slowly pumping in and out. My
  hands squeezed her breasts, and played with her nipples. I licked and blew
  on each nipple, getting them hard, making them even more sensitive so that
  I could really enjoy pinching and twisting them.  
Before long, my hands moved down to her hips. I picked up the pace, and pumped
  with a little more force. Soon, I was pounding on her cunt, fast and hard.
  I loved the sound of her helpless, terrified cries. I came quickly. I shot
  my hot cum deep into her, and she started to sob more quietly. I'd never been
  so satisfied.  
Then, I left her without a word. I went upstairs and watched some TV while
  I recovered my strength. She had to learn that she was my slave and fuck toy,
  and that she didn't deserve any attention beyond that.  
I came down later to give her lunch and to fuck her again. I brought down
  a dish of dog food (which I had originally intended for my black lab, Spike),
  and a glass of water. I pulled a table over next to her, and set the food and
  water down on it. Then, I told her to be quiet as I removed the gag. She immediately
  tried to speak, so I slapped her face, and forced the gag back in her mouth.  
"That was a big mistake, slave." I went over to a long row of cabinets on
  the other side of the room, and started looking through my toys and torture
  devices. I couldn't whip her very well in her current position, and I didn't
  want to let her move yet. So, I selected a cigar and a lighter.  
I then came back and stood in front of her. Without saying a word, I gave
  her a good look at the cigar. I'm sure she had no idea what I planned to do
  with it. I lit it, and blew some smoke in her face, making her cough.  
"This is what you get for disobeying, Whore."  
I quickly touched the burning end of the cigar to her nipple. She screamed
  out in pain. It probably would have hurt my ears, if not for the gag. I held
  it there for only a couple of seconds. It was undoubtedly her first experience
  with real torture, and I didn't want to start off with anything too terrible.
  I'd have to be able to escalate somehow.  
I let her take four deep breaths, before I grabbed her other tit and held
  it in place. This time I slowly brought the cigar closer, letting her watch
  and anticipate. It touched, and she screamed again.  
I then reached down and stretched her outer labia, pulling hard with one
  hand. She was breathing hard now, and her eyes were wide with panic. I burned
  one of the lips, then the other. More screams.  
Then, I started to work on her clit, playing with it and slowly coaxing it
  out from its hood. She kept screaming, more from fear than pain at the moment,
  and she was shaking her head frantically and pulling at the restraints. I held
  the cigar right next to her pussy as I pulled and played with the clit. Without
  any warning, I touched the clit with the cigar, and got my reward: The loudest,
  sharpest scream I'd heard from her yet.  
The cigar's touch there lasted only an instant, but I knew she'd never forget
  it. I then spread her pussy lips and shoved the cigar in, burning end first.
  I worked it inside her briefly, and pulled it out. Then, I watched her while
  I smoked the cigar.  
When I was finished with the cigar, I raped her damaged pussy. I told her
  that I would let her eat tomorrow, if she was better behaved. I decided to
  leave her alone again for a while. I raped her one more time before bed, and
  then called it a night.  
A week passed that way. I forced her to suck me before her meals, and I'd
  fuck her cunt whenever I felt like it (and I came both inside her and on her,
  based on my mood). Her only sustenance consisted of water, dog food, and semen.
  Her only exercise came when I moved her just enough to let her take a shit
  in a bucked once a day, and her ankles remained tied to the chair at those
  times. She struggled a bit the first few times I did that, but a few stiff
  slaps reminded her of her place (and brought her to her senses enough to realize
  she couldn't escape with her legs shackled to a chair).  
She never tried to speak when I took the gag off after that first time, so
  there was no reason to punish her again. I made sure to call her 'whore' often,
  to drive home the idea that it was her name now.  
It was nice to have a ready fuck toy locked up in the basement, but I wanted
  more. It was time for the next step of her training.  
Stage 3 &ndash; The Electric Whore   
Exactly one week after her capture, I came down to the basement early in
  the morning and announced that I was going to let her change positions. I told
  her that she would be punished if she tried to fight me, and the punishment
  would be even worse than the previous one. I then proceeded to unfasten the
  lock that held her collar to the chair. I also untied the ropes, leaving only
  the spreader bar and handcuffs to restrict her movements.  
Of course, she tried to get away, even though her body was weak and sore.
  I overpowered her easily, and forced her onto a wooden sawhorse that I had
  set up for her. I laid her down on her stomach, with her tits hanging on either
  side of the cross board, and I looped some rope around her waist and chest
  to hold her there. I then tied her legs to the legs of the sawhorse, at both
  her ankles and knees. I thought she looked incredibly sexy like that, with
  her hands locked together just above her ass. I then passed another loop of
  rope around her, this time to hold her arms in place.  
"I warned you, Whore. I told you that you'd be punished," I said. She started
  to cry then. I hadn't seen her do that lately. For the last few days, she had
  seemed vacant when she was around me. I was glad to see she still had some
  emotion left for me to take advantage of. "The splinters you'll get from being
  fucked on that thing will probably be a pretty good punishment, but that isn't
  enough. Every time you disobey, the punishment will be worse than the last.
  If you don't learn to obey, it'll eventually kill you."  
I let her ponder that while I went over to get a torture device. Now she
  was in a position that would allow for easy caning and whipping. I picked out
  a nice bullwhip, and immediately went to work.  
I had never had the chance to use it on a person before, but I had practiced
  with it for quite some time, and I was very good at cracking it exactly where
  I wanted to. I was very pleased with the results.  
She screamed loudly on the first blow. I told her to quiet down, and she
  grit her teeth and bore the next few strikes fairly well. Though I doubt she
  realized it at the time, that was the first order she obeyed without question.
  Of course, she started to make more noise as the whipping went on, but I could
  hardly blame her for that.  
I whipped her again and again, making terrible welts and cuts in her skin.
  I thought she would black out a few times, and I always gave her a quick break
  when she seemed about to feint. After all, it's hard to torture a woman when
  she's unconscious.  
I'm not normally a fan of whips, but the pain this one inflicted was beautiful.
  She was shaking all over by the time I finished. I had lost count of the blows
  well before I stopped.  
After that, I finally had the pleasure of raping her ass for the first time.
  It was incredibly tight, just like I'd imagined. I didn't plan on using lube,
  but I had to in order to get my cock inside. I doubt she had ever had anal
  sex before.  
I drew her anal rape out for quite some time, pausing between strokes when
  I was ready to explode. I could tell that she hated every second of it, just
  as much as I loved it. I felt great as I came deep in her ass.  
After that, I told her that she was ready for a new collar. I showed her
  what she would be wearing from now on. It was a metal collar with just a little
  leather padding along the inside edge. The collar had metal studs sticking
  through the leather. The collar had rings attached to the outside, which could
  be used to attach chains or whatever else I wanted. It had a strong lock in
  the front.  
I removed her old collar, and put the new one on.  
"This collar is permanent. I doubt I will ever take it off of you," I said. "It's
  a shock collar. Watch."  
I took out a remote control. It had a dial and three buttons. I turned the
  dial, and pressed one of the buttons. Her body tensed, and she screamed as
  the electricity coursed through her.  
"That was just a warning. If you do anything wrong, you can expect worse
  in the future."  
The control had a small, yet sturdy chain on it. I looped the chain around
  my wrist and secured it with a lock. Then, I turned up the dial.  
After I was done showing her the remote control, I removed all her restraints,
  except for the collar. Naturally, she tried to run away again. I shocked her
  immediately. She collapsed onto the floor almost instantly, screaming and writhing
  in pain.  
I decided that she would only need a few seconds of that to convince her
  of her mistake. So, after her watching her for just a moment, and adding a
  couple more quick jolts, I gave her a chance to catch her breath. I tapped
  the button one more time, and then I let her rest.  
I smiled as I looked down at her. She was lying on the floor, breathing heavily.
  When I felt she was ready, I ordered her to stand up. Her knees were shaking,
  but she complied without hesitation.  
I told her to get in the cage, which she did. I ordered her to close the
  door firmly, and to make sure the lock was secure. Then, I told her to attach
  one of the chains from inside the cage to her collar. She followed all of these
  orders perfectly.  
I told her that she was finally being a good slave, and then I shut off the
  lights and left.  
Stage 4 &ndash; Pets   
The next day, I took her out of her cage. I unhooked the chain from the wall,
  but left it attached to her collar. I told her that it was her leash. I ordered
  her to crawl for me.  
I led her around the room a bit. I told her she was a good pet. I fed her
  a couple of doggy treats, which she took without question. She was being very
  obedient, and I felt it was time for a test.  
I told her to sit against the wall with her legs spread, and her knees bent.
  She did, displaying her cunt nicely. I then made her hold onto her ankles with
  her hands.  
I got a jar a peanut butter, and I called my dog Spike. The black lab came
  bounding down the stairs, wagging his tail. I patted his head for a bit. I
  asked my slave if he was a handsome dog, and she nodded slowly. Her face didn't
  have any expression to speak of.  
I spread a little of the peanut butter on her pussy lips. Spike happily licked
  and sniffed at her cunt. He had a very rough tongue, but that didn't seem to
  bother the slave.  
After watching this for a bit, I told her to get on all fours. She did. I
  had Spike stand near her head. I ordered her to rub his cock, and she did.  
I smiled. I had spent a long time making sure Spike was as well trained as
  she was. I had practiced some on willing participants before, but I was eager
  to finally turn him loose on a rape victim.  
I gave him one simple order: "Fuck."  
He immediately mounted her. I told her to guide his cock into her. After
  a little scrambling, he was inside and fucking away. If you've ever seen a
  dog fucking a woman, you probably know that they tend to fuck hard, fast, and
  deep. Spike was no exception, and he was very aggressive, even for a dog. I
  was quite pleased with the spectacle.  
I considered having her suck the dog off, but I finally decided that I'd
  be happier letting the dog cum in her poor, abused cunt. It didn't take long
  for the dog to shoot its load into her.  
She had been very quiet through the entire animal rape, and she hadn't given
  any outward sign of emotion. I realized that the collar must have finally broken
  her. She had been weakening for a while, but the finality of the shock collar
  had put an end to her spirit.  
I had her lie down on the bed, and ordered her to give me a blowjob. I raped
  her ass after that. She was silent, obedient, and unemotional the entire time.  
"You've been a very good slave all day," I said. "What is your name?" 
   
"Whore," She said.   
"Very good." I gave her another doggy treat, and sent her back to her cage.  
Stage 5 &ndash; Slave at Last   
I let a few days went by. Nothing much happened in that time. She was very
  obedient, and didn't have to be punished at all. She sucked me, and I raped
  her in every position I could think of. I came down to fuck her at all hours
  of the night and day, and made sure she had no privacy at any time. This was
  to help her realize that she was mine, and that everything of her, even her
  time, belonged to me.  
Whore was doing well, but I knew that if she ever did get that collar off
  somehow, she would still try to get away. She wouldn't be a real slave until
  she gave up even that desire, and became completely subservient to me. There
  was only one way to do that: To make her realize that it wasn't about her pleasure
  or pain. She had to learn that what she wanted just didn't matter. Luckily,
  I had heard of a technique that was designed to teach a slave exactly that.  
I came down to the basement one evening. As usual, Whore was sitting quietly
  in her cage. Her hands were cuffed behind her back, and a chain ran from her
  collar to the side of the cage.  
I unlocked the chain from her collar, and took her out of the cage. Then,
  I had her lie on the bed. I unlocked the handcuffs from her wrists. This was
  a test. Aside from the collar, she was unrestrained. I sat back and watched
  her.  
I ordered her to spread her arms and legs, which she did immediately. I then
  slowly reached over and chained her wrists and ankles to the bedposts. She
  made no move to resist. I was quite pleased, and I knew she was truly ready
  for the last stage of her training.  
I selected a nice, long vibrator from among my supplies. I went over to her,
  and showed her the toy. Then, I licked and blew on her nipples to make them
  hard. I smiled, and spread her pussy lips with one hand. I then slowly slid
  the vibrator inside. Her pussy was no longer very tight, and it slid in easily.
  I set it on low speed, and watched.  
I played with her nipples gently as the vibrator worked its magic. I told
  her to relax and enjoy the feelings. She relaxed, though I doubt she was enjoying
  it just yet. But I was patient. I kissed her neck softly.  
After a minute or two, I slid my hand downward. I ran my palm over her stomach,
  and down to her hips. I messaged her hips for a moment, then placed my hand
  on her well-shaved pussy. I smiled again, because she was getting wet. I moved
  my lips next to her ear, and made let out a slight moan of pleasure. She moaned
  back.  
She started to grind her hips, and buck slightly against the restraints.
  I didn't stop her. She started to moan more and more, and was working her hips
  hard. I kept playing with her for some time. I loved her stamina.  
Soon, I knew she was ready to cum. I gripped the vibrator, and pulled it
  out of her body in one quick stroke. She let out a disappointed moan. Her pussy
  was soaked, and there was glistening layer of sweat over the rest of her body.
  She looked incredible in that position, spread-eagled on the bed with her eyes
  clouded by desire.  
I whispered in her ear. "Do you want me to help you cum? Do you want me to
  fuck you until you cum? Do you want me inside you?"  
She didn't answer immediately. I doubted that she could form a coherent thought
  right then. Her hips bucked uselessly for a second. Then she moaned out her
  answer. "Yes, Master. Please yes."  
"Yes what?" I whispered.  
"Please fuck me Master," she said, panting hard.  
"You're a slave," I said. "I'm the only one who matters, and I don't feel
  like fucking you right now."  
I quickly got off the bed, and tightened her restraints.  
I left her there for the night. I came down early the next morning, and released
  her from the bed. I had her give me a blowjob. It was the best I'd ever had.
  When that was done, I decided to test her one more time.  
"Would you like some breakfast, Whore?" I asked.  
"I do if it pleases you, Master," She said.  
"Then you will eat," I said. I gave her a bowl of dry dog food, as usual.
  She ate quietly at my feet.  
Stage 6 &ndash; A New Recruit   
The training of my first slave was exciting, but that was only the beginning.
  My real dream, and my biggest fantasy, was to use a slave to torture another
  woman. So, when I felt Whore was finished, I immediately started looking for
  my next victim.  
I found her at the same church where I had picked up Whore. I had hoped to
  find someone there, as it added one more dimension to the torture. I felt extremely
  lucky.  
This girl had practically everything I wanted in a slave. She was small,
  with somewhat slim figure (though she wasn't thin). She had nice, shapely legs
  and large breasts that hung low. She was still in high school, and she had
  dark hair and eyes.  
I got her on her way home from school. Everything went well. I quickly got
  her into my van, shoved a penis gag in her mouth, chained her wrists and ankles,
  and brought her home. I was much stronger than she was, and it was easy for
  me to force her into the house and down to the basement, even through she was
  struggling as hard as she could.  
Whore showed no reaction when I brought the new girl into the basement. The
  girl, on the other hand, looked shocked. She even stopped struggling for an
  instant when she saw her former preacher sitting naked in a cage. Her struggling
  started again with renewed vigor when I started to pull her toward the cage.
  I loved the way her tits bounced as she fought.  
Using a pair of handcuffs, I latched the girl to the bars of the cage while
  I let Whore out of her restraints. I knew my slave wouldn't even consider trying
  to resist me now, and even if she did, I still had the control for her collar.  
With help from Whore, I easily stripped the new girl, and chained her into
  the chair. I tied her knees, wrists, and ankles down, and placed Whore's old
  collar around the girl's neck. Her legs were held apart, and the collar was
  attached to the back of the chair to make her sit up straight. The girl looked
  horrified by what was happing. I bet she couldn't believe that Whore was helping
  me.  
"Your name is Slut," I said. "I might call you other things from time to
  time, but your name is now Slut, and you are my slave. You will do everything
  I tell you immediately. If you disobey at all, you will be punished severely." I
  paused for a bit to let her take it all in. I doubted that she was listening,
  as she was putting so much energy into fighting the chains. Still, I decided
  to keep going. "My other slave is named Whore. You will obey her unless I tell
  you otherwise."  
I slapped Slut's face hard, to get her attention. She looked at me with wide
  eyes.  
"From now on, you will call me Master, and you will answer any question that
  you are asked. Nod if you understand."  
She didn't answer. She was probably too shocked to move, but that didn't
  matter. As I had expected, this would be my first chance to show her what I
  meant by punishment.  
"You didn't answer me," I said. "Now, you're going to be punished. Then,
  once your punishment is over, I'm going to rape you."  
She finally started crying then, and struggling harder then ever. Her head
  thrashed in the collar. I just watched for a minute, then I decided it was
  time to get to work.  
I looked through my torture implements, and eventually settled on a knife.
  Cutting probably isn't my most painful method of torture, but it is quite scary.
  It seemed like a good starting point. The knife had a long, serrated blade.
  It looked very nasty.  
I handed the knife to Whore. "Make long, shallow cuts in Slut's tits." 
   
"Yes master," She said. She walked over and began cutting the girl's breasts.
Slut's muffled cries were beautiful. I watched as Whore made a long, horizontal
cut across the top of Slut's breasts. Then, she made a couple of cuts down the
sides of the breasts. The cuts were very shallow, just enough to draw a little
blood. Naturally, Whore didn't show any emotion.   
"Do you see how obedient Whore is?" I asked. "She doesn't even mind
    hurting you to please me. In fact, I'm going to have her rape you later,
    and she won't even bat an eye." 
   
  I grinned at Slut's plaintive crying.   
"You'll be like her very soon," I said. "The faster you learn to obey, the
  less pain you'll have to feel in the mean time. You're a slave now, and the
  meaning of your life is to obey."  
I told Whore to stop. Then, I took the knife back and put it away.  
I decided that Slut was ready for her first rape. I took off my clothes,
  and straddled her. The position was a little awkward, both of us sitting up
  with her cunt below my cock, but I could handle it. I had practiced enough
  beforehand to ensure that.  
I spread her pussy lips, then thrust my cock in hard. She had a very tight
  cunt. It was a nice change of pace from Whore's cunt, which was quite badly
  stretched from the various objects I'd raped her with. I proceeded to pump
  in and out of Slut's pussy viciously. I had been extremely aroused by everything
  that had gone on so far, and I was glad to take out my energy on her. I slapped
  her tits hard as I rode her. It didn't take me very long to cum. I exploded
  into her, driving my cock inside. My load felt huge.  
Slut was sobbing, of course. I bent my head down to kiss her sexy little
  nose. She turned her head away from me.  
"That'll earn you another punishment," I said. I grabbed her face and kissed
  her nose, and gave it a quick bite as well.  
I pulled out, and went back over to my cabinets. I got another tool out.
  I handed it to Whore.  
"Pierce Slut's tits, and her clit."  
"Yes master," Whore said. Slut was still crying. Whore quickly placed the
  device over one nipple and pierced it, then she did the other. She reached
  down and started playing with Slut's clit, teasing it out. Slut cried even
  harder. Then, Slut screamed through her gag as Whore used the device to put
  a hole through her clit.  
I took the piercing device and put it away. Then I got three rings, a pair
  of gold chains, and a bottle of rubbing alcohol. I used the alcohol to disinfect
  the piercing, then I put the rings in them. One chain went between the nipple
  rings, while the other went from the clit ring to the first chain. There was
  just enough slack in the chains to let her sit in her current position without
  putting any pressure on her piercings. I didn't want to put any strain on them
  while they were so fresh, and I could always go to shorter chains later.  
"That wasn't your punishment," I said. "That'll come after Whore rapes you."  
I got a nice, big strap-on for Whore, and had her put it on. I grabbed the
  rubber cock, and wiggled it in front of Slut, to show off its size.  
I looked at Whore. "Now, rape my Slut."  
"Yes master," She said. Without even the slightest pause, she walked over
  to Slut and mounted her. Whore put the end of the strap-on dildo in Slut's
  cunt. She started riding. Whore's movements were very rhythmic and mechanical.
  She was completely emotionless as she raped that poor young bitch. I told her
  to fuck harder and faster. She did.  
It was incredible to see one woman raping another, one of them looking stone
  cold and the other hopelessly straining against her tight bondage. I reached
  over and played with the chain on her tits. I pulled at the chins, lifting
  her tits up and out, then to the sides, and then down. I tugged at the clit
  chain a few times. Then, I took Whore's hand, and told her to tug the chain
  in time to her thrusts. I stayed close, and watched as Whore pulled on my young
  Slut's clit over and over. I looked at Slut's face, and she was clearly in
  agony. I squeezed Slut's tits together, then I did the same to Whore's. I pinched
  both their nipples.  
I was hard again now, and I told Whore to get off of Slut. She did so immediately.
  I then made her give me a quick blow job in front of Slut. Before my orgasm,
  I pulled out of her mouth, and climbed up on the chair. I came in Slut's face.
  I climbed down.  
"Now for your second punishment," I said. "And you'd better start learning
  fast. You might think its bad now, but you can't even imagine what I'll do
  if you really piss me off."  
I took the strap-on from Whore, and handed her a box full of needles instead.  
"I want you to demonstrate something for Slut. Put a needle through one of
  your pussy lips."  
Whore calmly reached down and pulled one of her lips out slightly. She didn't
  even wince as she thrust one of the needles through.  
I smiled at Slut. "See, easy." I looked back at Whore. "Put some needles
  in Slut's body. I want them in her tits and her pussy."  
"Yes master."  
Whore started with Slut's nipples. Bending over a bit, she pinched the skin
  of the slave's areolas, and held them like that as she pushed the needles through.
  I counted, and she put three needles in each, alternating between the two nipples.
  Then, she knelt down and went to work on Slut's cunt. Slut was screaming her
  head off now. Good thing she was gagged.  
Whore pulled out one of the pussy lips, and thrust a needle through, then
  another. She pulled out the bitch's other pussy lip and did the same to it.
  Then she held the two cunt lips together and put a needle through both at the
  same time. I loved that little move. She then put a needle through the girl's
  clit, above the ring.  
Then she got back up. She put three more needles in each areolas. Then, I
  told her to stop.  
Satisfied with Slut's agony, I decided to leave her like that for the night.
  I put Whore back in her cage, then went upstairs.  
Stage 7 &ndash; Play Time's Over   
Training Slut didn't go as well as I'd hoped. She was a lot more resilient
  than Whore, and that was a problem. She fought me constantly, even with repeated
  and increasingly severe punishments. After breaking Whore so easily, I thought
  a good challenge might be fun. I was wrong. Slut was becoming a constant irritation.
  In fact, I hated her.  
Whore was fun to play with. She'd play along with any perverse little idea
  that came to me. Granted, torturing her wasn't a lot of fun anymore, as she
  didn't seem bothered by anything that I did. That wasn't really a problem for
  me, though. I had plenty of other games to play with her. Having a very sexy
  woman as a personal fuck toy gave me all the pleasure I needed.  
As for Slut, I still enjoyed torturing her. But that was starting to be more
  out of malice than sexual pleasure. Raping her gave me very little pleasure
  anymore (relatively speaking), as she just stared at me hatefully. I thought
  about selling her. Someone with more experience might relish the chance to
  break her. I didn't really want to start getting involved with outsiders, though.
  There was too much risk. As far as I was concerned, my life was great, and
  I didn't want to tempt fate. Anyway, my sadistic side had its own ideas.  
One evening, I was watching Whore play with Slut (at my order, of course).
  Slut was chained to the bed, with her arms and legs spread wide. She had burn
  marks from cigarettes all over her body. There was quite a bit of tension in
  the chains that ran between her nipples and clit. Whore was on the bed next
  to her, holding a heavy baseball bat. The bat was slick and shiny. I was standing
  next to the bed, on the side away from Whore. I wanted easy access to Slut's
  body. Slut had a piece of cloth in her mouth that was tied at the back of her
  head. It was a simple gag, but it would let her make plenty of noise while
  keeping her from saying anything intelligible.  
I leaned over and spread Slut's pussy with both hands. She bore down and
  took it. Whore placed the wide end of the lubed bat against Slut's cunt. She
  pushed the end of the bat inside. Slut grunted, but that was all. Whore worked
  the bat side-to-side, forcing it deeper. She worked very efficiently, and put
  a good amount of force into it. I told her to stop when it was clear that the
  bat wouldn't go any further. Slut never did more than grunt through it all.  
I looked down and saw that she had taken a good portion of the bat. I looked
  at her face. "You did very well. That slutty cunt of yours can take a lot.
  Though really, you're so loose now that it isn't much of a surprise. I can't
  wait to try something bigger."  
Slut only glared at me.  
"You know what," I said. "Fuck it. I'm sick of you being so defiant. When
  you first got here, I warned you about pissing me off. Well, now you have."  
I went to my cabinets, and got a knife and a few bandages. I also got some
  heavy tape and a piece of rope.  
"Time for you to really learn something."  
I grabbed one of her hands, and flattened out her fingers. I then told Whore
  to hold Slut's hand out like that. She did.  
"Say goodbye to your fucking finger, Slut," I said. With a quick cut, I ripped
  into her index finger. She screamed. I sawed at it with the knife a few times,
  pressing in hard. The finger came off. Blood was flowing from her hand and
  the severed finger.  
I untied the cloth from her mouth. She was breathing hard. She said, "No,
  please stop. Please&hellip;"  
"Shut the fuck up, bitch," I said. "There's a rule against talking, remember?
  But you don't really care about the rules, do you?"  
She was shaking. "Please, please&hellip;"  
I brought the knife up to her neck. "Shut. Up."  
She didn't say a word. I threw the finger in a metal waste basket next to
  the bed.  
I pulled one of Slut's nipples, holding up the nice, full tit. I then took
  the knife and cut the nipple off, just below the areola. She was screaming
  again. I threw the nipple away. There were spots of blood from her hand and
  tit all over the bed and her body. I reached over and cut off her other nipple.
  I decided I might be able to keep it as a souvenir. I ordered Whore to put
  it in a plastic bag for later.  
"I'll tell you what," I said. "I'll give you one chance to redeem yourself.
  I want you to take this knife and cut off your own clit. If you do that, all
  is forgiven."  
I undid the wrist restraints, and unhooked the chain from her collar. She
  could now move her upper body, but her legs were still spread by the chains
  holding them. I put the knife in her bloody hand, and taped it in place, to
  make sure she couldn't try to throw the knife at me. I took a few steps back
  and watched.  
Slut looked at the knife. She was still shaking. Slowly she reached down
  and held her clitoris. She held it in one hand, exposing it. She held the knife
  against the sensitive skin. She closed her eyes. She gritted her teeth and
  forced the knife through. The flesh was cut easily. In an instant, she was
  holding a knife in one hand, and her severed clit in the other. She was covered
  in blood. She opened her eyes, and feinted.  
I had Whore remove the tape from Slut's hand, and retrieve the knife for
  me. Then, I took Slut's collar off, and refastened her other restraints. I
  got an amyl nitrate capsule and broke it under her nose. She woke up quickly.
  She looked around a bit, looking dazed. She started to cry.  
"Nice try," I said. "But you were a little too slow. Slut, I hope you're
  ready to die, because I've had it with you. Whore, say goodbye to Slut."  
"Goodbye," Whore said.  
I handed the rope to Whore.  
"Wrap this around the Slut's neck."  
"No, please don't, please. Please," Slut said. Whore straddled her. She kept
  whining and begging as Whore slipped the rope around her neck, and looped it
  once.  
"Pull it a little tighter," I said. "Shut that bitch up."  
Whore pulled the ends of the ropes away from each other, tightening the loop.
  Slut gasped, and then started struggling hard. She was having a hard time breathing.  
"Tighter." 
   
"Yes master."   
Whore pulled harder on the rope. It was obvious that Slut couldn't breath.
  She was fighting hard. Whore kept the pressure on.  
"Tighter, Whore." I said. "Be a good slave for your master. Kill her."  
Whore pulled the rope tighter. Slut's skin was starting to look a little
  blue. She was weakening. She wasn't really fighting anymore. She seemed to
  be spasming, but Whore was holding on tightly, not letting go.  
 
  I watched. The spasms were getting smaller and smaller. Slut stopped moving.   
"Hold on a little longer, just to make sure," I said.  
"Yes master."  
I waited a bit longer. When I was satisfied, I told Whore to take off the
  rope. I didn't want to take any chances, so I cut Slut's throat with the knife.
  She bled some, but there was no other response from the body. The blood didn't
  spurt out, as her heart was no longer beating.  
I tossed a vibrator to Whore. "Masturbate. And keep straddling the body."  
"Yes master," Whore said. She turned on the vibrator and slid it into her
  pussy, dry. She started working the device in and out. I told her to look down
  at Slut's body, and she did.  
While Whore was working herself toward orgasm, I went to get a double-ended
  dildo. Slut was dead, but I wasn't quite done with her yet. There were just
  a few more games I wanted to try.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Master Xm


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





