BDSM Library - Living Together




Living Together
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An exploration of the dynamic of dominance in a relationship.
This material is copyrighted. Please do not redistribute all or part of this
work for profit. Should wish to include my work in another media, forum or
website please contact me for permission. All persons and events in this work
are purely fictional and intended for the entertainment of persons over the age
of 18 years. Any inquiries or comments or critiques may be directed to
estabanbacca@yahoo.com



Living Together   
 I met her on a flight from Florida to the west coast. She was
      ahead of me in line as we left the departure lounge. A bright orange dress
      and black fishnet stockings. It would have looked garish on a white woman
      but on her it merely celebrated her caf&eacute; au lait complexion. Crab
      walking down the plane's aisle I saw with pleasure that the seat next to
      her was still empty. I put my carry on and my alpaca overcoat in the overhead
      rack and sat down.   
 The flight lecture was given. Drinks and dinners were passed around.
      Finally the cabin lights went out and the babble died down. Here and there
      a reading light glowed. Our section stayed shadowed, quiet save for the
      slight sounds of people shifting in various attempts to sleep. Through
      all this, I had said not a word to my seatmate. We sat in silence, she
      gazing out her portal where the jet pod occasionally sparked the dark,
and I, aware of her every breath.   
 I felt, rather than saw, her shiver. I stood and retrieved my
      long overcoat from the rack. Without asking I spread it over her. She smiled
      in thanks and faced away once more to the porthole. I sat and began to
      search for a conversational gambit that would not sound like a pickup line.
      I wanted something that would seize her interest. I rejected one thing
      after another. It dawned on me then that I had not had any conversation
      with an African-American. It never occurred to me that she was like any
other woman. She seemed exotic to me.   
 Somewhere along these thoughts I must have drowsed. I awoke to
      find that my hand had come in contact with her thigh. I felt her heat through
      the mesh of her stocking on the back of my hand. Looking at her in the
      dimness, I saw that her eyes were closed. I detected the sleep rhythm in
      the rise and fall of her breath. Without a thought for the consequences
      I slowly rotated my hand until my palm was cupping the warm curve of her
      thigh. I sat frozen, waiting for my pulse to slow lest my pounding heart
      be transmitted through that touch. Minutes passed with my every nerve concentrated
      on the pattern of her breathing and my gaze through slitted eyes focused
      on her eyelids. She slept on and soon my hand relaxed and began to feel
quite at home on her leg.   
 With a will of its own my hand began to creep, a millimeter at
      a time, higher. Each tiny opening in that fishnet texture was magnified
      to my touch. After a seeming age of this torture, I felt my pinky finger
      make contact with the hem of her skirt. Sanity and caution finally asserted
      themselves. Up until this point, had she awakened, I could have feigned
      a sudden awakening on my own part. Passed the whole thing off as accidental
      contact. I had gotten my cheap thrill. The sensible thing now was to withdraw
      my hand and thank my lucky stars that she had remained oblivious to the
      liberties I had taken. If I went any further she was bound to awaken and
      all hell would break loose. There would be no explaining a hand under her
      skirt.   
 As if in a trance, I ignored all reason, my pinky pressed into
      her stocking just firmly enough to slide under the edge of her dress. I
      resumed my cautious advance. At last I arrived at the top of the stocking
      and my fingers identified the clip of a garter belt. My fingertips were
      now grazing smooth, naked skin. The heat seemed to increase and I was forced
      to pause as my heart began to hammer again.    
 As the blood receded from my ears, I heard a subtle change in
      her breathing. Beneath my touch her muscles tensed. I knew instantly that
      she was awake. I remained frozen. I was lost now; this mad game I had chosen
      to play would end in shouting, evil glares and cops. Miracle of miracles,
      her breathing resumed its prior steady pace. The leg under my hand relaxed.
      She was asleep again. Thank God. Ever so slowly, I began my withdrawal.
      All I wanted now was for my stupid fucking hand to be safe in my own fucking
      lap. I had retreated as far as the stocking top when her thighs opened
      and then closed trapping me between them.   
 "No."   
 Very softly but distinctly, she uttered the only word that had
      passed between us. A long moment passed while that short word echoed in
my panicked mind.   
 " You like this?" I whispered.   
 No answer. Instead her thighs squeezed my hand again and then
      fell open in invitation. She wanted this! My already rampant prick spurred
      me past my paralysis. Using the same slow stealth with which I had begun
      my mad adventure, I crept back up her leg until once again I felt the silkiness
      of skin. An eternity of sensations assaulted me before my touch arrived
      at the shiny fabric enclosing the springy texture of her pubic hair. I
      had to lift my hand to extend my index finger. With just this one point
      of contact, I gently pressed into her cleft and stroked upward. The instant
      I made contact with her clit she shuddered. With both hands she pressed
      me to her cunt and I could feel the pulse of her spending. She came in
      complete silence. I could make out the grimace of her full, moist lower
      lip in the grip of perfect white teeth. At last she untensed. I tried to
      withdraw my hand but she held it to her. Under my overcoat, under her skirt,
      tight to the heat of her damp crotch. With her head back she turned to
      face me. She made no sound but I read the words thank you from her lips.
      Her right hand emerged from under my coat and went behind my neck. She
      pulled my lips onto her open mouth and with just that kiss my sperm erupted
into my trousers.   
 The plane landed and we exchanged numbers. She called me and we
      went out dancing. She told me that I was a pretty good dancer for a white
      boy. We laughed and by the time we arose from her bed, race was no longer
an issue and the sun had come up.   
 Her place was much nicer than mine, so I moved in with her. It
      turned out that she was an attorney. At first she was excited at my being
      a writer. Her schedule was very hectic. I had restyled my technique and
      my old publisher only wanted the tried and stuff the old me had written.
      I was having a hard time finding the right niche and the rejection letters
      piled up while she paid the bills. She became irritable and even more so
      when I refused to fight with her. I felt guilty about her supporting us.
      I began to take time from my writing to make sure the apartment was cleaned
      and began preparing meals.   
 Yesterday evening when she came home from the office she threw
      her shoes in a corner. I could tell she was in a foul mood.   
 " I made us your favorite dish. A nice bouillabaisse and have
a bottle of that wine you like chilling. "   
 She ignored me. She walked past the candles and crystal I had
      set out on white damask. I heard her in the shower as I set the tureen
      of seafood stew on the table. I worked the corkscrew into the bottle of
Pinot Blanc and thought how I might jolly her out of her temper.   
 I poured two glasses and went into the bedroom. She was at her
      dressing table. I set a glass at her elbow and went and stretched out on
      the bed with the pillows propped behind me. She was in fresh black underwear
      already. She bent forward and began to roll on a stocking. Black fishnet,
      as chance would have it. I suddenly remembered the first time I had seen
      her and how exotic I had thought her. As I watched her now I saw a much
      plainer package. Leaning forward as she was accentuated the slight roll
      of skin around her middle. Her mood showed faint lines in her face. The
      coffee colored skin was flat sepia with no glow.    
 " Sorry you bothered with dinner. I'm going out tonight." She
said without looking at me.   
 I noted the " I " as opposed to "we" and realized she wanted to
      provoke me. I have always detested argument. My father and mother had always
been at each other that way.   
 " Can't we go out after dinner? I spent all afternoon on this
Bouillabaisse. "   
 "I don't want any goddamned bouillabaisse! I'm going out now.
Alone. "   
 Suddenly, I was released. I don't know why this time was different,
      but it was. My rage poured forth like lava. I believe I was actually out
of my mind for the moment.   
" You don't want any GODDAMNED BOULLIBASSE! You don't want to share any GODDAMNED
WINE with me! Well you will you bitch. You by god will! "   
 By that time I had leaped to her and pulled her from her stool
      by the hair. I drug her across the floor, legs flailing. One goddamned
      fishnet stocking on and the other hanging from her foot. Through the apartment
to the dining room I hauled her and flung her in a heap there.   
 " DINNER IS SERVED! " I bellowed.    
With that I scooped a handful cod and shrimp from the steaming
tureen and stuffed it dripping into the front of her panties.    
" AND NOW YOUR FAVORITE PINOT BLANC! " I screamed.   
 I snatched the bottle from the ice bucket and emptied it over
      her head with a flourish. Not satisfied I dumped the ice water from the
      bucket onto her as well. As she looked down at herself&hellip;.at the mess
      I had made of her, she began to sob. I contemplated her ruin with great
      satisfaction. I unzipped my fly and pulled my cock out. I dropped down
astraddle her chest. Seizing a hank of her hair, I held her to it.   
 " KISS IT! ", I demanded.    
She tried to turn away but I held her face in place. Finally, with
      tears streaming, she touched her lips to its angry helmet. I considered
      fucking her then but jump up instead. I leapt to the kitchen and snatched
      the plunger from under the sink and was back at her in a flash. With my
      prick still flapping and my stick slapping, I marched through her like
      a marauding Mongol. There was little left of her by the time I had my fill.
I stood and rearranged my trousers.   
 " I'm going out now. Alone. " I said calmly. I stepped over her
and left, closing the door quietly behind me.   
 My first instinct had been to find a bar and erase her with scotch.
      Instead I walked for hours through the park. There were lovers strolling
      and seeing them made my situation seem even more ironic. A chill finally
      drove me out of the night air. I went into the bar of one the posh hotels
      that face the bay. With her money I ordered a bottle of Pinot Blanc and
      savored it. I supposed that in the morning I would pack my few things and
move out. Probably it would be a relief for both of us.   
 Sometime in the wee hours I let myself in. She had cleaned up
      the mess. She was in bed with the light out. I undressed quietly and slid
      under the covers on my side. As I closed my eyes, I felt her crawl over
      to me. She took my hand and pulled it between her thighs. My impulse was
      to pull it back but I left it there. After a bit I heard that small contented
      sound that only a woman can make. Her small hand wormed its way into my
      shorts and began to gently squeeze my cock.   
 "May I kiss it again?"   
 "You may."   
 After I came, I fell asleep with it in her mouth.   
(Copyright 2004 by Estaban Bacca   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Estaban Bacca


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





