BDSM Library - Slutball




Slutball
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Superheroines get kidnapped and forced to play in a depraved arena sport, which escape the prize for winning.
By Omega Phallic email: omegaphallic@stn.net warning: Rogue, Mystique,
Sabertooth, and Toad belong to Marvel. Lady Death and Purgatori belong to Choas!
comics. The borg belong to Parmount (throught the big titted borg drones as well
as the targ-moose drone my own invention.



SlutBall





Prologue

 "Damn it!" Rogue cried as something snapped around her neck. It was one of
those collars that stole her powers away, only this one was different.

	It acted like a heat-seeking missile, blasting through the air till it
snapped around Rogue's neck. Rogue was busy with a dozen ones like it, when it
caught her from behind.

	Rogue clawed at it futilely as she dropped like a rock. The defences on
the collar zapped her, but as she fell into unconsciousness, she realized that
she wasn't going to drop to her death. Whoever was behind this had placed a net
to catch her.

     

Blue Zone

 When Rogue woke up, she found herself in some kind of Gladiator pit. Looking
around she saw thousands of fans cheering her as she got up and dusted herself
off.

	Ten feet to her right side, Rogue saw Lady Death getting up and onto her
feet as well. At the other end of the stadium Rogue saw Sabertooth and Toad
leering at the ladies, an evil look in their eyes.

	"Hello puny beings!" a strange voice announced, as a face appeared on
the jumbo tron. Rogue recognized the face and voice as Howard Stern's evil
mutant twin!

	"My 'Brother' Howard Stern would have you think he's the King of all
Media, but witness this, Gladiatorial rape matches between heroines and
celebrities and villains! The student has become the master!".

	The evil twin continued. "These are the rules." His face was replaced on
the jumbo tron by a list of rules, which voice read out.

	"Rule #1: the Sluts who enter here must go from their end in the blue
zone, through the red zone, the green zone, yellow zone, the black zone, and
finally into the purple zone wear they must pass the chosen guardians and raped
her fellow slut in order to get the key that will remove their collar and
teleport the winner back to her world." The fans cheered wildly.

	"Rule #2: failure to play the game will result in pain." To drive his
point home, the twin active the pain inducing devices in their collars. Both
ladies dropped in their knees in pain, the pain so great it paralysed their
vocal cords so they couldn't even scream. Finally it was over and both resolved
to do whatever it took to win.

	"Rule #3: the collar's have been altered to double their pain
sensitively and quadruple their orgasmic sensitivity." Rogue gulped at that, but
the twin continued.

	"Rule #4: obstacles must stay in their zone, failure of this will lead
to their becoming sluts contestants." "Rule #5: the loser will have to fight
again." "Let the Match begin!"



Red Zone

	Both Rogue and Lady Death started running for the purple zone, their
huge 38FF tits bouncing in a way that would have made Baywatch proud.

	They pasted from the blue "safe" zone and into the red zone, which was
desert-like, filled with red sand. Half way through when things looked safe,
ghouls burst from the ground.

	They were very slow and Rogue was certain she'd pass them by easily when
out of the blue, Lady Death trip her. "Bitch!" Rogue screamed, wildly grabbing
at Lady Death's ankle and tripping the bone white blond.

	This gave the ghouls time to catch them both.

	Rogue was picked up first. One ghoul held her arms behind her back as
another ripped her uniform off, allowing her tits to bounce out to the delight
of the crowd. Rogue looked up at the jumbo tron to see a close up of her gravity
defying jugs.

	Meanwhile Lady Death staggered to her feet, but one of the ghouls
managed to force her arms behind her back. Another ghoul yanked down on the
front of her blouse so that Lady Death's tits sprang free, showing Lady Death's
pierced nipples to the crowd, drawing applause. Lady Death looked up at the
sight of her perfect creamy globes on the jumbo tron and in a fit of rage rammed
her knee into the ghoul's nuts.

	Being dead the ghoul didn't notice what had occurred. It and one of its
fellows just buried their faces into her tits, a ghoul to each one.

	 Rogue had been forced onto her knees during this and was getting
slapped in the face by an undead cock. "Suuuck cccooockkk or yoooour luuncch
whhhooorrre" threatened the ghoul. Rogue took its cock in hand and stared at it
in disgust, uncertain how to precede.

	Because of her powers Rogue was a virgin, but the collar kick in and fed
how to info directly into her mind. Rogue started skilfully licking its cock and
balls till it was stiff, before the ghoul grabbed her by her hair and forced its
cock down her throat. She choked at first, but the collar helped her compensate.

	Rogue slurped greedily on its cock, the collar causing her own body to
betray her. Rogue looked to up to see a split screen view of her blowing the
undead, while the other half showed Lady Death's tits getting sucked.

	Rogue's mouth was pulled off of the ghoul's cock. "Beeeggg ffoooorrr it
biiitttccchhh!" the ghoul in front of her demanded, intending to humiliate Rogue
for the crowd's amusement.

	"Fuck you!" Rogue yelled. To make its point the ghouls hand touched
Rogue's collar and pain exploded thru Rogue's body, making her back arch,
thrusting her huge hooters even more.

	"Aaaahhh, please fuck my face, fuck my tits, just stop hurting me
please!" Rogue cried out. The ghoul took her up on her offer and wrapped Rogue's
meaty jugs around its green cock.

	"Mmmooorre beeegginng!" the Ghoul commanded, Rogue degradation it's very
reason for existing. "Please fuck my tits, master, I love having my big pillowy
tits fucked, because I'm such a cock teasing whore, so I needed you to spurt
your salty load all over them!" Rogue begged, knowing the consequences for
disobeying.

	Cum blasted from its cock like a cannon, after which it pulled hard on
Rogue's nipple, twisting them cruelly to the adoration of the crowd. Rogue
looked up to see a close up of her sperm-soaked tit and the ghouls fingers
torment her long nipples.

	To both th ghoul's surprise and Rogue's, milk spurted from both nipples.
Rogue wasn't the only one being milked.

	Milk creamily as her skin, flowed from Lady Death's tits into the two
ghouls' mouth. A siamese twin's ghoul got behind Lady Death and rubbed their
cocks against her, one cock for her ass, the other her cunt.

	One of the ghouls head stuck its foot long tongue into Lady Death's left
ear, while the other one took her right ear.

	Lady Death screamed as both cocks slammed into her brutally. Shorter
ghouls came forwards to suck her tits so the twins could bend her slightly,
grabbing her by her hips and fucking her more cruelly.

	The collar flooded Lady Death's brain with hormones, till she creamed on
the twin cocks double penetrating her. Sperm flooded her tight holes, till it
dripped out of her, in response the ghouls made her lick it up.

	Rogue unsteadily got to her feet, but a ghoul got under her and pulled
her back down, impaling the virgin super heroine on its cock. A second cock was
drilled into her virgin hole, forcing Rogue forward so that her massive tits
were smashed into the first ghouls face.

	The first ghoul's obscenely long tongue, licked, fondled, and squeezed
Rogue's tits. Rogue was used to being able to fly, super strength, among other
powers to protect her, so being the plaything of the ghouls came to Rogue as
real shock.

	Rogue was normally unable to touch people, even when she wanted to, so
that the two cocks pumping into her pussy seemed surreal as did the ghouls
tongue.

	Then it finally hit her and it all seemed real. Rogue's feelings of
humiliation were unspeakable as she creamed on their cocks, her juices dripping
down their shafts to pool on their nut sacks.

	Still they kept drilling Rogue till their cocks were sore, finally
filling her up with a creamy filling. As Rogue was unimpaled from ghoul cock,
Lady Death was on her knees, with a huge dick between her equally massive jugs,
while her tits were being licked and tormented by no less the a dozen tongues
each.

	To top it all off, nipple clamps were placed on her nipples and each
clip was connected to her collar with a chain, so that the clamps could be
removed without setting the collar off. The same setup was placed on Rogue while
she was forced onto her hands and knees.

	A large rough stick was than cruelly shoved up her asshole while she was
made to beg for the privilege under threat of worst torture. Rogue nearly passed
out from disgust when they put a bowl of urine in from of her and was ordered to
drink from it.

	Rogue refused so the ghouls started hitting the stick, sending pain
coursing through Rogue's rectum. The pain was too much so Rogue bent her head
down and started lapping up the salty golden nectar. Lady Death was made to
kneel opposite to Rogue and to drink from the same bowl.

	The stick was pulled from Rogue ass as the two gorgeous women, with
perfect bodies, lapped up the ghoul's foul urine.

	The stick was replaced by a ghoul's cock and Lady Death's ass soon
followed suit, being fil with a huge cock too.

	"Mmmmmakkkke ooooouuut cuuuummmm ssssslllluuutttssss" demanded one of
the ghouls. Both women lifted their head from the piss and locked lips, their
tongues fighting each other for control of the other's mouth.

	After her ordeal, making out with a sexy beauty like Lady Death seemed
like a treat in comparison. Lady Death felt the same way and reached out a hand
to squeeze Rogue's tits.

	Rogue less experienced sexually copied Lady Death, leaving Rogue amazed
out how soft yet firm Lady Death tits were. Not that Rogue tits weren't just as
good, but these were the first tits other than her own that Rogue had ever
touched.

	Both Rogue and Lady Death felt their burning hot rectums cool off
slightly as they were filled with jizz.

	The ghouls pulled out with a plop and they disappeared to were ever they
came from, just as quick as they'd popped out.

	Rogue and Lady Death crawled to the next zone slowly, resting briefly
near the edge to regain some measure of strength back.



Green Zone

	Rogue and Lady Death had to get to their feet to cross the green zone.
The algae infested waters came up just below their magnificent tits.

	The algae were so thick it impeded their movement. Both women were to
busy trying to move themselves that they had no time for cheap shots at each
other.

	Lady Death was nearing the finish line when she felt something around
her waist. At first she thought it was just a weed, but then she was pulled down
into the waters depths.

	Rogue saw Lady Death getting pulled down and redoubled her effect to get
out of the green zone, but she too was pulled under at the half way point.

	Both exploded out of the water, 15 feet into the air, with a thick
tentacle around their waists.

	Their screams were cut short as a tentacle/cock was shoved down their
gullet. Two smaller tentacles spread their legs as another tentacle/cock forced
its way into their tight cunts.

	Their shrieks of pain were cut off by the tentacle/cocks in their
mouths. A two more tentacles/cocks joined in and bum rushed the girls, brutally
fucking their bottoms.

	A foursome of mouths/pussies/tentacles started sucking on their tits,
drinking their milk and drooling spit/pussy cream.

	The mouths/pussies/tentacles pushed the super heroine's cleavage around
another cock/tentacle.

	Tongues emerged from the tips of the cocks/tentacles to lick inside each
woman. The crowd went wild.

	To Rogue it seemed like there was nothing left in the world, but
tentacle cock and the roar of the crowd.

	Lady Death had been under the water for so long that she'd fallen
unconscious, but she was now recovering, to find herself in a predicament like
this.

	The Ladies started cumming as the pussy/mouths/tentacles suckled their
milk, adding to their already mind numbing humiliation.

	Tongue/tentacles sprouted out of the water to defile their bodies,
licking every available place. The tongue/tentacles even started spanking them
to the amusement of the crowds.

	Just when Lady Death found the humiliation too unbearable, she was
flooded and hosed down with creamy sperm.

	From the taste of cum, she could tell the monster raping her was part
plant, because its sperm reminded her of soya milk.

	All but the tentacles spreading her legs disappeared under the water and
a cock the length and width of a flag pole emerged from the water. It was
different from the tentacles in that it was as stiff as a tree, with skin that
was brown and rough as bark.

	Lady death was held upside down above, when she started plummeting
toward it. Lady Death bent her head back and opened mouth wide just in time to
be orally impaled on the cock.

	It entered her mouth and went as far as it could, before yanking her
back up so that Rogue could have a turn.

	This time thou, it was Rogue's ass it impaled, before whipping her off.
Both women thought this was it, that death was in store for them, but they
survived the repeated impaling, their every orifice brutally raped and violated,
till the cock fill Lady Death with sperm.

	Bored with them, it tossed them into the yellow zone.





Yellow Zone





	They landed in the yellow zone, where they rested for a time, to the
boos of the crowd. The yellow zone was made up of expensive yellow carpets, so
it was extremely comfortable.

	They even fell asleep for a short time, but were awoken by the feel of
whips on their back sides.

	Rogue looked behind her to see Mystique standing behind her with a whip.
Lady Death's Dominatrix was Purgatori.

	"Mystique what are you doing?" Rogue screamed, trying to protect her
large tits from her adoptive mother's whip, as Rogue rolled over.

	An angry Lady Death charged Purgatori, but was dropped with a shot to
her pussy from Purgatori's whip.

	"You have two choices, you can have your big tits whipped or you beg me
to suck on them!"Mystique demanded cruelly.

	"But, but why?" Rogue asked, the sting of betrayal thick in her voice.
"Why? Why? I'll tell you why! I only took you in originally because I hoped to
fuck your brains out, you have the most magnificent tits I've ever seen, but
that damn power of yours got in the way, well now there's nothing protecting
those huge globes of yours from becoming my playthings."

	Mystique raised her whip into the air so that it could come down
crashing hard onto Rogue's nipples. "Aaaahhhh!" Rogue screamed.

	"Please, please, Mystique suck my oversized tits, I love it if you'd
fondle and use my big jugs to slake your lusts Mystique" Rogue pleaded, hoping
it would be enough to ward off another blow.

	Mystique fell upon Rogue's tits like a cougar on a goat. Mystique
squeezed and suckled Rogue, who despite her best effort to the contrary, found
herself cumming, milk filling Mystique's mouth.

	Meanwhile Purgatori had Lady Death flipped other onto her back and was
rapping Lady Death's ass with the heel of her high heel shoes.

	A look of pain and humiliation crossed Lady death's face, which was
heightened when she started cumming. Purgatori pulled her heel out and walked in
front of Lady Death. "Lick my shoe clean cunt!"

	Lady Death Lady Death started licking tentatively at first, but another
crack of Purgatori's whip convinced her to show some more enthusiasm.

	While Lady Death was being forced to grovel for the red skinned
demoness, Mystique was rubbing her huge jugs against Rogue's, while an intense
battle between their tongues raged.

	Just as Mystique started cumming, Rogue took the whip and decided to get
a little revenge.

	Rogue jammed the handle right up Mystique's ass, the pain pushing
Mystique even farther off the edge, making her cum harder than she'd ever
creamed before.

	"It's pay back bitch!" Rogue screamed as she changed their positions so
that Mystique was laying on her front, unable to protect her back side from
Rogue. Rogue continued raping her adopted mother's ass, while Mystique futilely
tried to protect her ass from violation. After all the abused she'd had, it felt
so good to be on the giving end instead of just receiving it.

	"Please Rogue I'm sorry, please stop, it hurts!" Mystique cried out to
Rogue's mercy, but her cries fell deaf ears. Rogue was determined to hurt her
like Rogue had been hurt.

	It was hard to shape shift while being violated so brutally, but
Mystique finally managed it. She took the form of Sabertooth, pulled the handle
from her ass, and flipped Rogue onto her front.

	Rogue struggled to regain control, but her cries were silenced when
Mystique forced her into giving the handle that been up Mystiques ass a blowjob.
Rogue's ass was next.

	Mystique decided to rape Rogue in the same way she'd raped Mystique, but
instead of using the handle, she'd use the huge cock that came with the shape
she was in.

	Rogue screamed around the handle being plunged down her throat when
Mystique rammed her "cock" up Rogue's tight rectum. Rogue wasn't the only one
screaming.

	Purgatori was ramming a bristle-covered dildo up Lady Death's twat.
Unshed tears glistened in Lady Death's eyes.

	She's been forced to cum on the painful sex toy over a dozen times,
which made the pain twice as bad.

	 When Purgatori felt certain Lady Death was broken to her will, she
pulled the toy out and replaced it with one end of a double headed dildo. She
put the other end into herself and pulled Lady Death's huge jugs pressed against
Purgatori's equally massive tits.

	Purgatori started fucking Lady Death hard, her bat like wings flapping
in excitement. Purgatori had dreamed of violating the creamy skinned tart for
years and intended to make the most of it.

	Purgatori's tits were just as big as Lady Death's so the four
mountainous melons meatily slapped together as Purgatori's huge red knockers
crashed hard against Lady Death's creamy gigantic jugs in a clash of the titanic
tits.

	Their pussy juice combined into a creamy puddle on the floor. "Please no
more!" Lady Death pleaded, exhaustion racking her body, but every time Lady
Death stopped fucking, or tried to flee, Purgatori brought her whip down on Lady
Death's gravity defying jugs. Lady Death wailed each time, but resumed fucking,
fearing another lash.

	Rogue whimpered into the floor as Mystique butt fucked the mutant slut.
"Humiliate yourself for your new master Rogue or else I'll take the form of a
horse!" Mystique threatened.

	"I'm a dirty slut, I exist solely as a receptacle for cock and pussy, I
have huge tits because I'm nothing, but a mutant slut!" Rogue cried out in self
debasement, fearing that a horse's cock would kill her.

	Mystique took the shape of a buffalo instead, and mounted poor Rogue to
the cheers of the crowd. Rogue's big tits bounced as Mystique fucked her
defiled, but still extremely tight twat.

	Rogue came at the same time Mystique did, Rogue cry as loud as the
buffalo raping her. Rogue was sickened as Mystique's sperm blasted deep inside
Rogue warm wet cunt, giving a Rogue a cream fill centre.

	After cumming more times than she could count Purgatori and making Lady
Death cum just as much, Mystique and Purgatori switched victims.

	Lady Death looked up at what appeared to be a Zebra, just seconds before
it's cock slammed into Lady Death's tight ass.

	Lady Death screamed, begging for mercy, but she still got the ass raping
of a life time. Lady Death was already wailing from the pain as she creamed, but
her cries grew louder.

	She looked up that screen to see her big tits swaying widely. Lady Death
had never felt so violated in her long life.

	Rogue wasn't fairing any better. Purgatori was forcing Rogue to give a
blowjob to the bristly dildo, the roughness causing Rogue a great deal of pain.

	Her ass was being spared as Purgatori's double ended dildo was shoved up
almost to Rogue's bowls, the other end was in Purgatori.

	Purgatori grabbed Rogue's soft firm tit flesh cruelly so that she could
rape Rogue even harder and faster.

	Tears trickled down Rogue's cheeks as she came, her asshole raped and
ravished. Purgatori joined her in the multigasmic implosion.

	Lady Death was creaming as well, but she was extra embarrassed because
it was a Zebra or Mystique in the shape of a Zebra that doing the job.

	Lady Death was on the receiving end of cum blast the left her bum
dripping Zebra sperm. Lady Death was made to lick the Zebra's cock clean, it
huge cock stretching her cheeks as wide as they would go.

	It was than that the image of Howard Stern's evil twin appeared on the
screen. "To make things even more interesting I've decided that Purgatori and
Mystique are contestants as well, but there is still only room for one winner,
may the sluttiest whore win!"

	Collars shot from hidden spots on the floor and snapped around Mystique
throat forcing her to transform back from Zebra form into her blue skinned, red
headed, big titted form.

	Purgatori managed to dodge the first collar. She tried to escape into
the next zone, but it held its own dangers.



Black Zone



	Purgatori flew into the next zone, which was made up of some kind of
black metal. A door slid open on the floor and a beam shot out catching her in
mid air.

	Purgatori dropped like a stone into the arms of one of the Borg. She was
forced onto a cold metal table, tits down wards.

	"Resistance is futile, you will be gang raped and degraded in every way
imaginable" the drone warned.

	Purgatori tried to scream as the drone shoved it's huge half machine
cock up into her ass, but her scream was muffed by a second drone who shoved his
cock down her tender, but tight throat.

	A third drone pulled a collar around her throat, before he extended and
twisted his mostly mechanized cock in such away that he was able to rape her big
tits despite the fact that he was beside her and in no humanly possible position
to do so.

	The others watched the cold methodical rape of Purgatori afraid of
entering black Zone, but each knew it was the only way out.

	They spilt up as they enter black zone. Rogue was the next to get caught
by the drones. She was placed tits down on a cold and unloving metal table. That
was noting compared the cold of the drone's cock as it shoved its way between
Rogues heaving globes.

	A sexy drone female drone with all her hardware internalized, purple
hair, ears like a Vulcan, and spots like a Trill, shoved one of it's huge 42FF
cup melons into Rogue's mouth, making suckle her for milk.

	A cybernetic cock emerged from the drones cunt and it was forced down
Rogue's throat. It had bristles on it and it brutalized Rogue throat in such a
way that Rogue was left wishing for death.

	Lady Death was next, but the drone that caught her wasn't even humanoid.
It looked like a cross between a Targ and a Moose that had been assimilated by
the collective. It rammed it massive cock into Lady Death so hard that she was
certain that she was being raped to her very soul.

	Last, but not least it was Mystiques turn. Mystique was captured and
placed on a cold metal table tits down ward, its cold causing Mystique a great
deal of discomfort and pain.

	That nothing compared to the feel of a Borg drone shocking the biggest
dick Mystique had ever experienced up her incredibly tight ass.

	Next a cock was shoved between Mystique's lips, that metallic taste
jarring to her senses. Her tits and cunt were filled too, with drone cock.

	As of that was bad enough Mystique's powers weren't completely turned
off by her collar like the others, but instead was controlled by Howard Stern's
evil twin.

	Mystique was forced take the forms of dozens of different hot ands sexy
women for the amusement of the crowds.

	She took the form of Tyra Banks who's big black tits jiggled
hypnotically as she was fucked in every hole and crevice.

	She took the form of Angie Everheart, the red heads face a blur as her
mouth bobbed up and down on the Borg's cock.

	She took on the form of Pamela Anderson, who's ass was rape so hard
Mystique/Pamela was certain she must be shitting in reverse.

	It was after Mystique was returned to the form of Tyra Banks that she
received her pop shot from all the drones that had been raping her.

	They all gathered in front of the heavenly tart and unleashed an ungodly
stream of jizz onto her beautiful face.

	If it wasn't for the creamy constancy and the salt sperm taste,
Tyra/Mystique would have thought they were pissing on her, because of the shear
volume of jizz that was hitting her face, neck, tits, and even the small of her
back!

	Rogue meanwhile been made to swallow the cream chowder of the Borg-Bitch
with the huge tits. Rogue's huge tits were already cover with Borg cum and two
more drones were violating her lower holes with a vengeance.

	Poor Lady death faired no better, the Borg-Moose-Targ brutally fucking
her in the ass despite having just given the poor slut's cunt a jizz bath.

	Purgatori had it worst of all, having been made to service a dozen
drones, cum dripping from every hole. When the last two Drones were finished, a
dozen electrodes were attached to her huge tits and a single one was attached to
her clit.

	With out warning power flowed through them and left Purgatori screaming
in pain and cumming in soul bleeding ecstasy.

	It seemed to last an eternity or two, but eventually they were released.

	Why they weren't assimilated, Rogue didn't know for certain, but she
suspected that they were some kind of cyber mutation caused by the assimilation
of the purple haired, big titted, species.



Purple Zone





	All four jugarific sluts ran into the final zone, to fight it out for
the final prize, freedom.

	Toad's tongue shot out to grab Rogue huge knockers and pulled her close.
Rogue tried to get free, but Toad still had his powers and Rogue didn't.

	Mystique was being chased by Sabertooth. When he jumped in front of her,
Mystique drove her knee into his nuts, except that by the time her knee hit,
he'd with drawn his cock and balls into his body for protection.

	He then turned Mystique around, grabbed at her big tits with one hand
and forced her arms behind her back. He then slammed his cock into her with the
brute force of a wild beast.

	That left Purgatori and Lady Death to complete for the final prize.
Purgatori hit Lady Death from behind, knocking her to the ground.

	Lady Death could feel Purgatori's monstrous sized tits against her back
and defiant of Lady Death's wishes, her cunt started to drool at the thought of
what was going to happen next.

	Lady Death screamed as a fist was pushed cruelly up her still tight bum.
Hearing Lady Death wail in pain just excited Purgatori even more.

	She was going to be Satisfied until she'd caused Lady Death the ultima
humiliation and loss of control, making the hot bitch cum.

	And Cum she did. Lady Death came so hard, Purgatori was knocked flying
off her back. Lady death used the opportunity to jump on Purgatori, there big
tits squashed together, as Lady Death rammed her fist into Purgatori's tight
cunt.

	Hearing Purgatori wail in pain was music to Lady Death's ear. The cherry
on top was hearing Purgatori's outraged screams as Lady Death forced her to cum.

	Lady Death gave Purgatori a quick shot to the head, knocking her out and
raced to freedom, with Sabertooth and Toad hounding after her, Rogue and
Mystique having already fill with as much cum as they could handle.

	Seeing that Lady death had to much of a head start, they pounced on
Purgatori, brutally raping both holes to the cheers of the crowd, just as
Purgatori was awaking.

	It was with a scream of exhilaration that Lady Death teleported away,
victorious, freedom and vengeance hers.             




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Omega Phallic


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





