BDSM Library - The City of Ruin




The City of Ruin
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A spin off of Holy Sex Slavers. A battle for control of Ruin begins between Loric and the Head Disciple for control of the holy city of Ruin.
            By Omega Phallic email: spinney@stn.net

                        The City of Ruin

                    Chapter 1: Head Disciple

                               

     Doracotta, Head Disciple of the council of disciples, ruler of Ruin and
daughter of Moslar, giggled as her fingers danced gently across the surface of a
well spring of worlds, blue sparks coming off the invisible portal at her touch.

     Just the night before Doracotta had acquired her new power, after a rival
challenged her for her position as Head Disciple. The headstrong fool had
thought he had her number because he was born with the ability to bend the well
springs of the worlds to his will, a power that had been ascribed before this
only to the Gods.

     In his zealousness that fool had summoned a beast through one of the
portal, a giant animal looking beast that smacked him, sending the fool
sprawling, before leaving through the portal. The beautiful Head Disciple took
advantage of his weakness to pounce on him, ripping her blouse open and shoved
her pillowy tits in his face.

     She then raped him to death, riding on his cock, till her tits suffocated
him, his cock jettisoning its creamy load one last time into her tight young
quim.

     She always raped her enemies to death, exposing her innocent appearance for
being only skin deep.

     Her blond her was in a pony tail, with two thin braids, framing her pretty
face. Her tits were huge, but their true size was hidden in the pure white
silken robes she preferred. She looked like some radiate virgin Goddess, but her
soul was as black and twisted as any in the city of Ruin.

     Doracotta looked no older than 18, but that was just the magical
immortality that was awarded to the Head Disciple.

     Doracotta smiled as she opened the portal, in the middle of the busiest
market place in all of Ruin, Soul Takers Square, excited by the wonders she
imagined that she could summon through it.

     A beautiful sorceress, with raven black hair, streaked by silver, tumbled
out of the portal in confusion. Before Polgara could regain her bearings,
Doracotta's hand snapped around her neck, unleashing the main spell given to all
of Moslar's disciples and priests.

     Polgara's eyes shot open in disbelief, before her very eyes her tits were
growing huge, and heavy with milk, yet still firm, a side effect of the advanced
version of collar spell that Doracotta had cast on her, along with other
physiological changes.

     Polgara cussed out the strange women and tried to use her magic, to no
effect. Once the collar was on, no magic could be used that lacked the
permission of her master, with the exception of what was granted to her by
Moslar.

     "Who are you, and what's going on?" Polgara asked, calming down. This
wasn't the first time Polgara had worn a collar, although it was nothing like
the one she now wore.

     "Do you hear that, she wants to know how I am" Doracotta shouted out to the
crowd, before chuckling. "I'm the Light of Moslar, Head Disciple of Ruin,
Beloved of the Mass, The Eternal Bitch in Heat, and most of all I'm your new
owner, who the fuck are you?"

     Polgara looked at her new mistress in anger, but she considered her
circumstance and decided it was best to give her name, while she came up with a
plan. "I'm the Sorcerous Polgara, who's Moslar?" Polgara asked, trying to get as
much info out of her enemy as she could.

     "Moslar is the God/dess of rape and perversion, defender of the holy city
of Ruin, and my father/mother, but enough of your questions, it's time to begin
your training" Dora declare, opening her pure white robes to reveal a body fit
for a Goddess, with huge gravity defying tits, a bald wet cunt, a trim waist,
and flawless skin like Bozatrian mammoth ivy.

     Seeing what Dora was demanding, Polgara decided to go for her hastily
concocted plan, which was to ran back towards the portal. Unfortunately for
Polgara without Dora's essence the portal wouldn't open, so Polgara ran dead on
into a fat greasy merchant from Ruin's new colonies in the New Ruin Islands,
bouncing off his fat belly and onto her ass.

     "Pot" Dora whispered, sending Polgara into a fit of agony, like every nerve
in her body was being ripped out by tweezers. Sobbing in pain Polgara's screams
caught the attention of the jaded populace of Ruin, which was always looking for
a good show.

     "Please, mistress, stop, oh Adlur it hurts, it fucking hurts, I'll do
anything you want!" the poor women shrieked, clawing at her collar powerlessly.

     "Top" Dora uttered, releasing Polgara form her torment.

     "You need to be punished, in order that you learn your new place as fuck
meat" Dora announced, circling around the sobbing sorcerous. "First you'll ask
that poor man who rudely ran into if there's anything you can do for him and I
mean anything, am I understood?" Dora asked as she looked Polgara in the eyes.

     Swallowing hard Polgara nodded fearfully. "You wish me to please him with
my body, I understand mistress" Polgara replied, shame burning brightly in her
soul.

     "Secondly, your slave new name will be Pol, it mean milk maid in old Ruin,
although not the common milk maid in other lands, but rather a maiden bred for
milking, ironic no" Dora explained, with a cruel smile her face, a soul chilling
grin that terrified Polgara. Dora nodded towards the fat greasy merchant,
indicating that Polgara should get started.

     Stifling her tears, Polgara crawled over to the merchant and looked up at
him, staring right into his shit brown eyes. Polgara didn't know if she could
debase herself publicly like this, but a glance back at Dora's cruel smile,
scared her into action.

     "Please master, if it pleases you, I'd like to apologize to you by suck
that big juicy dick of yours, don't you think it would look so much better
between my lips, than hidden away in your pants?" Polgara asked, surprised at
how hot humiliating herself was actually making her.

     "How about you introduce me to your two friends there" the fat merchant
ordered, pointing to Polgara's mountainous mammaries.

     "How, how rude of me master, here are my good friends, I'm sure they would
love to shake your hands" Polgara offered. Dizzy with embarrassment Polgara
unlaced her dress, allowing her now huge tits to pop free, inhaling in
embarrassment as her two mammoth mammazians were exposed to the gaze of hundreds
of horny men and women.

     The fat greasy merchant took Polgara up on her offer, taking her soft tits,
into his cruel paws and shaking them violently, causing Polgara pain, but also
pleasure, the raven haired beauties cunt dripping wet at her assailant's filthy
touch.

     Polgara pulled the merchants pants down, so that his fat greasy cock could
smack her in the face, while the merchant continued to shake her fantastic tit
meat in his grubby hand.

     Pulling together her courage, Polgara stared licking the merchant's greasy
cock, before opened her mouth wide and slipping the titanic prick between her
soft lips.

     Polgara found that the collar gave her instinctive knowledge when it came
to pleasing cock, allowing her to deepthroat the horny merchant, slipping him
down her throat till his balls slapping meatily against her chin, the cheering
crowd adding to her humiliation at blowing the fat prick before her.

     "See do I not love my people? Do I not share the rewards and joys of
Moslar's love with you all!" Doracotta challenged the growing crowd, eliciting a
praise Moslar from the citizens of the Ruin.

     Polgara know it was wrong and twisted to get off on having her face raped
and magically delicious tits mauled, but her juices were soaking through her
panties to drip down her thigh as she slurped hungrily on the fat man beef being
shoved between her skilled lips.

     Four of the fat greasy merchant's friends moved to either side of him,
wanking their meat as the merchant grabbed the back of Polgara's head, fucking
the hot slut's face for all she was worth. If there was one thing the citizen's
of Ruin knew how to do well, it was putting an uppity bitch like Polgara into
her place as a well used cunt.

     Polgara's cheeks hollowed as she sucked harder on the fatty between her
lips, whimpering around her master's dick meat, her tits cumming in an explosion
of titgasms brought on by the tit greedy hand of the fat greasy merchant and his
friends.

     Polgara couldn't believe her body was betraying her like this, she was
actually getting off on being molested by these pathetic losers.

     The fat greasy merchant pulled his dick from Polgara's loving mouth,
leaving Polgara, to her horror, feeling empty inside now that her mouth was no
longer filled with his cock.

     Polgara didn't have time to think of the ramifications of this as the fat
greasy merchant and his chums were spraying her inconceivably gorgeous face with
their hot creamy white sperm to the roar of the gathered crowd.

     Polgara knelt there, in the dust of the street in amazement as her flawless
face was decorated in public, by five of the ugliest bastards she'd ever know,
their hit semen dripping off her bottom lip to splash enticingly onto her
abundant breasts.

     It wasn't until that moment that Polgara had really understood what was
going on, she now realized that her proud and distinguished past was gone, all
that was left of her future was her existence as a fuck toy for her betters.

     Her hope finally broking, Polgara transformed on the inside into the
obedient fuck muffin that her mistress wanted, pulling her dress over head,
pulled her blue cotton panties down as a sign of submission.

     Polgara looked down to see that her pubic hair had fallen out, she would
have been shocked by that earlier, but after seeing her tits grew huge, and
after having been defiled by what she would have seen previously as her lessers,
Polgara took it in stride.

     Polgara, or Pol as she was called now, got on her back, kicked her panties
to someone in the crowd, and used her hands to spread her legs apart as far as
they would go, her pussy laying exposed to the crowd. Rubbing her juiced up cunt
enticingly, Polgara asked yieldingly "does any of my masters want to fuck my hot
young pussy?"

     An old man, looking to be in his centennial year, stepped up to bat.
Polgara was worry at first that old guy was going to croak, but decided that
considering what they were doing to her, she couldn't care.

     The dirty old man gently got on his knees, pass his cane onto Dora who was
watching with interest.

     Polgara thought that he was going to fuck when he knelt down between her
long legs, but instead he started gently kissing her wet pussy, nibbling here,
nibbling their, before sucking on her clit, while driving his gnarly finger's
into her sopping wet hole.

     "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck..." Polgara moaned, the pitch of her voice
increases in time with the speed of the dirty old man fingers pistoning in and
out of her with alarming skill.

     The old bastard looked up at Polgara with a toothless grin, her cunny juice
dripping down his chin, the look in his eyes telling her he knew so was a hair
breadth away from coming, teasing her cruelly with his thumb, before diving back
in, eating the beautiful woman out, till she started humping his face as she
creamed, her multigasm blast, gasping for breath, the intensity of the pleasure
swirling around in her cunt, leaving her breathless.

     When Polgara opened her eyes again, it was to look up at the old man's face
hovering over her own, his chest pressed against her own bountiful melons, his
hard cock teasing her lovely pussy lips.

     "Oh God fuck me!" Polgara pleaded, her humiliation utter and total, as she
pressed her mouth to his, slipping her tongue into the old man's mouth, while
speared her tight young looking cunt on a cock so huge, that Polgara secretly
wondered why he didn't use it as a cane.

     Polgara whimper, the collar enhancing her horniness by a thousand fold,
soul kissing the old man, while her cunt endured by far the hardest fucking of
all her centuries.

     "You're the tightest bitch I've had in years, good thing you were born to
house cock bitch, never forgot it" the old man whispered into the ear of lovely
fuck slave, as his cock plundered her depths. The old man stood up straight,
putting all of his strength, the amount of which was surprising to Polgara as
she'd never heard of rings of vitality. Her huge tits bounced beautifully as
Polgara tight cunt clenched and milk the invading manhood with skill given by
the collar.

     Two young men, knelt on either side of Polgara and started tugging hard on
her nipples, squeezing her soft mam meat playfully, and otherwise tormenting the
lovely breasts of the sorceress.

     "Look at this fucking whore, she's loving it, are you bitch, you learning
to love being the property of others aren't you Pol?" the blond man asked as he
tugged hard on Polgara's long pointy nipple.

     "Oh God, I love being owned, a slave to cock and pussy, a hot wet hole for
my mistress and her people, I'm fuckable cattle" Polgara moaned, her climax
approaching fast as the dick sliding in her tight honey pot raped her poor pussy
with savage glee.

     As the two young men squeezed her milk filled tits, with their mouths on
her perky nipples, drinking in her creamy mam milk, Polgara started cumming, the
pleasure from being milked, bleeding into the divine ecstasy of a well fucked
pussy climaxing its way into a dizzying array of multigasmic eruptions.

     The dirty old man, twisted painfully on Polgara's clit as he shot her
depths full of creamy cock juice.

     Sperm leaked from Polgara's abused and violated hole as the old man pulled
out of her, to allow the next guy in line his turn.

     Doracotta giggled as she watched this next guy, an attractive tailor by the
look of him, groan loudly as he fought to force his huge dick between Polgara's
impossible tight pussy lips.

     As the tailor speared the hot fucking bitch on his dick meat, a young
messenger boy of 18 years, interrupted Doracotta's show, just as another man
tilled Polgara's head back, so he could shove his throbbing flesh sword down the
poor sorceress' throat, raping her breathing passages with a dark passion,
bordering on fanaticism.

     "What is it boy, it better be good, your blocking my view" Dora muttered
darkly.

     The massager boy swallowed fearfully handing the sealed pouch to Dora. Dora
waved the boy off saying "good fuck the new slave girl's tits while I read
this."

     The young man was happy to comply, walking over to Polgara, who was being
raped by her tenth guy at that point, the fattest guy yet, while she was giving
a blowjob to the twelfth guy, a rich dandy, probably the son of a successful
disciple. The young man sat down on Polgara's trim stomach and grabbed her ever
so soft titties, wrapping the heavenly mam meat around his white hot dick.

     The young man started groining as he thrust his dick between her Polgara's
creamy orbs, his cock straining with so much pleasure that it felt like it could
burst at any moment.

     Seeing the guy fucking Polgara's face cum down the sorceress' throat, the
young man quicken the pace of his fucking, getting a dazed grin from Polgara.
The poor boy was worried that he was going to blow his load before making
Polgara cum, shaming himself publicly, when Polgara's eyes rolled up into her
head and she gently bite her bottom lips as a titgasm blazed through her like a
falling star, ending with a soul chilling cum blast.

     Seeing that he could cum without fear, the young men gladly gave Polgara
the pearl necklace she'd so masterful earn, his jizz hitting her in the chin, to
splash back onto her neck and jiggling breasts.

     "Come here boy" Doracotta called to the young man, who got up allowing a
drunk caravan driver to take his place between the tremendous mountains of tit
meat, pointing up from Polgara's chest. The young man wiped his cock clean with
Polgara's hair, before going over to Doracotta for his new orders.

     "It turns out that upstart Loric has began to offer the services of his
slaves for free from now on, he's trying to steal the love of Ruin from me, but
he shall not succeed, the people adore me, worship me, it'll take a lot more
than ripping off my ideas for him to take that from me" Doracotta told the
massager boy.

     Doracotta, unlike her predecessors, understood the importance of having the
support of her people. She'd won power during a revolt against the disciple
practice of taking slaves from the native Ruin population. The former Head
Disciple had thought Doracotta, or Zottonta as she was then known, beaten and
the stunning, huge breasted, red headed, former head disciple chose to rape
Zottonta publicly, before executing her. It was a mistake. The former ruler of
Ruin didn't realize that Zottonta was a disciple from her new colonies, in the
Gasako Peninsula.

     Zottonta's given power was to nullify the powers of any disciple she was
fucking. Naturally, as Zottonta was making the former head cum, her head buried
in the red heads shaved snatch, she twisted the situation to her advantage,
using her huge tits to rape the surprised Head Disciple to death, taking her
powers and her status as Head Disciple.

     After that day Zottonta took the name Doracotta, meaning The Golden Pray
Mantis in the old Ruin tongue.

     She had learned from her predecessors mistake, offering her slaves for free
as amusement for the citizens, making sure that no citizen went hungry, and
passed a law stating that slaves could only come from outside Ruin territory.
She did all this using the wealth she gained from founding the lucrative New
Ruin Islands colonies, which made her one of the richest beings on the Ancient
continuant of Goozra, thanks to her monopoly on the magic Blallza spice trade.

     Yet after all that, this upstart waltzes in with a Amazon Princess, an
Oread, a unicorn priestess, and the archangel of Galaxies at his first catch as
a priest of Moslar.

     That had left Loric so popular that she had no choice, but to spare his
life. Still she wanted to keep an eye on him so she made him the High Priest of
her new Cathedral, Her Lady of the Stolen Virginity.

     Now Loric had gone to far and presumed to copy her generosity. He'd pay for
that some day, Doracotta promised herself.

     Turning to the massager boy, Doracotta offered him a charming smile, a
smile that melted away all his fears, making his heart burst with love for.

     "Hmmm, look how wet you've gotten me" Doracotta purred, taking the young
man's hand and slipping it between her legs, proving to him she was indeed
soaking wet.

     "Bet you'd love it if I suck that big fuck bad boy of yours, I'm going to
suck you dry" Doracotta purred dropping gracefully on her knees before the young
man, skilfully stroking his raging hard-on.

     Not bothering to wait for the stuttering boy to answer, Dora slipped his
beautiful young cock between her lips, her head bobbing and sucking on his dick
meat with inhuman sped.

     The young man had never felt anything like this, not even Polgara as much
of a first class fuck as she was, could compare with Dora's graceful,
overpowering, soul stroking, blowjob.

     To the boys embarrassment he was coming into the virtual Goddess' mouth,
watching her happily swallow his cum as if it was the nectar of the Gods.

     The young man couldn't believe his luck, he was getting head from the ruler
of Ruin, the Head Disciple herself. "Ya that's fuck meat, suck it bitch, you
like sucking it don't you? Your just a fucking whore like the rest of these
bitches are you?" the young man asked, losing himself into pleasure of
Doracotta's lips.

     The young man chuckled as Dora purred her agreement, sucking on his dick
even harder, sucking his piss right out of him, looking up at him with
submissive eyes, thirstily drinking his piss.

     The young man's chuckling turn to whimpering as Dora's sucking grew harder
and blood started squirting from his piss slit, the submissive look turning into
an evil parody of the look that had been on her face before.

     The young man started screaming, wanting to ran away, but Dora's mouth on
his cock felt too good, even as it drained all the fluids from his body.

     It wasn't long before his entire body collapsed into a pile of dust filled
clothes, leaving a grin on Doracotta's face. "Told you I'd suck you dry stud"
Doracotta giggled, enjoying her own macabre wit. Doracotta hated bad news.

  ************************************************************


     Hours later, after Polgara had been gang raped by hundreds of men as
punishment for not licking her mistress' sweet pussy, Loric came to collect the
dust that had been a poor 18 year old boy.

     Doracotta's spit was still intermixed with the dust, providing that Loric's
plan had been solid.

     It was Loric who sent the message in the guise of a letter from an ally of
Doracotta's, knowing full well what would happen to the boy.

     Loric pulled a glass wand from his pouch, pulling the stopper out of the
end. Loric swept the dust and spit into his wand, before shoving the stopper
back in.

     With this wand, Loric would be able to use Doracotta's own energy signature
to open the well of worlds himself.

     The battle to rule Ruin had began.        




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Omega Phallic


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





