BDSM Library - Ashley's Abduction




Ashley's Abduction
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A meeting with a favorite author turns into something more.Ashley's Abduction
 It was a college bar, wild and crowded, and not the kind
    of place she would have picked. Guys were doing jello shots and beer bongs
    and the whole scene was loud and messy, even spilling out into the street.
    Natalie ran interference as she and Ashley worked their way towards the back
    through the Friday evening crowd, deftly fending off the guys who staggered
    or stumbled into her, or the hands that reached out offering grotesquely
  colored drinks in shot glasses. 
&quot;You sure he's here?&quot; Ashley shouted.  
It was so loud that Natalie instinctively squinted her eyes
  in order to hear, as if the noise were bright light. "Well, he said he would,&quot; she
  answered. &quot;Maybe way in the back.&quot; 
&quot;Why would a guy choose this place?&quot; Ashley asked,
  with no real hope of being heard, but Natalie answered her. &quot;I don't know.
  Maybe because it's easy to find.&quot; 
They walked a few more feet and were stopped by a solid wall
  of guys standing up and cheering as someone emptied a beer bong. 
&quot;There he is.&quot; Natalie said, pointing to the very
  back of the bar. 
Way at the back of the place, right near the back door was
  a man that didn't look like he belonged there at all. He was clearly older
  than the boys there, his hair and black beard sprinkled with gray. He was sober,
  and he seemed worlds away from the pandemonium that was occurring before their
  eyes. He seemed very self-possessed; maybe even dangerous. 
&quot;Oh God, Natalie!&quot; Ashley said. &quot;I can't go
  through with this!&quot; 
&quot;Come on,&quot; Natalie said, &quot;You said you wanted
  to meet him, and he says he wanted to meet you. Come on, chicken. Just say
  hello.&quot; 
Ashley bit her lip and let Natalie drag her towards the back,
  shaking her hand loose just before the man turned to look at them. 
&quot;Doctor M, this is Ashley. Ashley, Dr. M.&quot; Natalie
  said proudly. 
He smiled, and when he smiled he didn't look nearly so formidable.
  He took Ashley's hand. &quot;I'm glad to meet you.&quot; he said. &quot;I've
  really been looking forward to it.&quot; 
Ashley felt herself blush. &quot;Me too.&quot; she said. &quot;I
  mean, I've been one of your biggest fans for a long time.&quot; 
&quot;That's why I wanted to meet you.&quot; he said with
  a smile. &quot;Nothing like meeting women who think you're great before you've
  even done anything.&quot; 
He turned out to be very easy to talk to, especially since
  what she really wanted to talk about was his stories, descriptions of erotic
  kidnappings and abductions of young, innocent girls, and their introduction
  to rough sex and rape. It was a topic that fascinated Ashley even as it embarrassed
  her. She'd expected the Doctor to be as harsh and forbidding as the men in
  his stories, but he wasn't. He was happy to talk about his writing, and Ashley
  was flattered by his attention. 
He went and got some drinks and they moved to a table in
  the back of the bar, and it became obvious to Ashley that he was coming on
  to her. He kept on steering the conversation back to her own personal identification
  with his stories and her own fantasies: what had she actually done, what did
  she think she would like to do. She was reluctant to talk about that, saying
  that really, it was only a fantasy. It wasn't something she'd really like to
  experience. 
&quot;Is that right?&quot; he asked. &quot;Well, where there's
  smoke, there's fire, Ashley.&quot; 
They both laughed; hers a bit uneasy. 
He was charming. He was older than she, and far more experienced,
  and he made the other men she knew seem like boys. It was flattering to have
  his attention, and he seemed fascinated by everything she said. 
The afternoon slid into evening, the drinks kept on coming,
  and finally, when he kissed her as they stood once again by the back door,
  it seemed right. His lips were warm and he smelled wonderful. There was something
  possessive and manly in his kiss that thrilled her, and when his hand slid
  up to cup her breast she didn't stop him. 
He led her out the back door and she followed. He had a van
  parked out back and when he pulled her towards it she balked.  
&quot;No,&quot; she said, &quot;I can't. Really. I've got
  to get back.&quot; 
&quot;Come on, Ashley. At least let me drive you.&quot; 
She didn't know how to say no, so she climbed into the van.
  She heard the power locks click on, but she didn't say anything. 
It wasn't until he ignored her directions for a right turn
  that she started to worry. But even then she assumed that he was going to insist
  that she go to another bar with him, that was all, even though from the look
  on his face he didn't look like he wanted to do any more drinking. He had his
  dark glasses on and his mouth was set. 
&quot;Err&hellip; Where are we going?&quot; she asked. 
He said nothing. 
&quot;Where are you taking me?&quot; she tried again. 
He looked at her and she saw herself reflected in his glasses. &quot;To
  a place I know.&quot; he said. &quot;Just relax.&quot; 
It took her a moment to believe that he was serious. It was
  just like one of his stories: he was abducting her. 
&quot;No!&quot; Ashley yelled. &quot;I want to go home. Now!&quot; 
Without a word he pulled the van into an alley, and she thought
  maybe he was going to turn them around, but instead he got out of his seat
  and with astonishing speed he grabbed her arms and pulled her into the back
  of the van, throwing her on the floor. Before she could regain her wits he
  was kneeling over her and tying her wrists together behind her back. He stuffed
  a wad of cloth in her mouth and tied it in place with a scarf, then tied her
  ankles together with another length of rope. 
Ashley tried to scream, but the gag made that impossible.
  He ran another piece of rope from her wrists to her ankles, bringing her feet
  up behind her and making it impossible for her to even struggle. She was tied
  helpless in the back of the van. 
He knelt there on his knees, breathing heavily and looking
  at her. 
&quot;Yeah,&quot; he said in a low voice. &quot;Tell me you
  don't want this. Your little pussy is probably creaming right now, isn't it?
  You can't tell me you like the kind of crap I write and not want to do just
  what I've described, so knock off the innocence act, okay?&quot; 
Ashley looked at him with wild fear in her eyes. The change
  that had come over him was frightening. He had been such a gentleman in the
  bar, and now he was like an animal, his forehead glistening with sweat, his
  eyes glistening. 
Her skirt had ridden up over her thighs in the struggle,
  and her arms pinned behind her made her breasts thrust out provocatively against
  her tight tee-shirt. She tried to scream and kick herself loose but it was
  useless. She was tied hand and foot, and all she succeeded in doing was make
  her skirt slide up even higher, exposing a wisp of her panties. 
He smiled and reached out and put his hand on her thigh,
  slid it sensuously up her leg, enjoying the feel of her soft skin. She saw
  him smile. 
&quot;Oh yeah&hellip;&quot; he said. &quot;That's some nice
  stuff, Ashley. That's too good to be wasted on those college boys!&quot; He
  slid his hand up to her pussy. Because her legs were tied so tightly together,
  he could just manage to slide one finger against her cunt and press up into
  her soft and yielding flesh. He groaned with pleasure and then laughed when
  she tried to scream again. 
&quot;Well let's get this show on the road!&quot; he said
  as he climbed back into the driver's seat. 
She still had some hope that this was a joke of some kind,
  that maybe Natalie was waiting for her someplace up ahead, all ready to jump
  out laughing when they got there. They drove for a long while, and all she
  could see of their route was the glare of the streetlights through the windshield
  as the Doctor casually took them where he wanted. At one point Ashley was aware
  that they'd gotten on a highway but she had no idea which way they were going.
  The only thing she knew was that they were very far from where she lived. 
At last the van stopped. He cut the engine and got out of
  the van. Ashley heard crickets, and then the side door opened and he got in.
  He tied a scarf around her eyes and then checked her bindings. 
&quot;I'm going to untie your feet so you can walk.&quot; he
  said. &quot;You try anything and you'll be very, very sorry.&quot; 
She was not about to try anything. Her hands were securely
  bound and she couldn't see a thing. He guided her along the uneven, grassy
  ground, and then up some stairs, across a floor, and down some stairs: basement
  stairs from the smell of it. 
He got behind her and she felt him untying her hands. He
  buckled some sort of leather cuffs over her wrists and attached them to bar
  than hung over head, raising her hands over her head. Then he removed the blindfold. 
In the harsh light of a naked light bulb she saw that she
  was standing in the basement of an old house, in some sort of home-made dungeon.
  The walls were made of big blocks of limestone, and there were ring-bolts and
  spikes driven into the rock from which hung chains and ropes. There were strange,
  forbidding looking pieces of furniture&mdash;padded tables, chairs&mdash;and
  on one wall hung devices of leather and chrome that looked like they'd come
  from a medieval torture chamber. 
The Doctor let her look. Then he came up behind her and took
  her breasts in his hand. &quot;How do you like it, Ashley?&quot; he asked. &quot;My
  little play room. We're going to have fun in here, aren't we?&quot; 
&quot;I'll tell you now that it's no use to scream.&quot; he
  said as he untied the gag and removed the fabric from her mouth. &quot;We're
  out in the middle of nowhere. In fact, feel free to scream as the spirit moves
  you. It excites me.&quot; 
&quot;What are you going to do?&quot; 
&quot;Give you what you want.&quot; he said, caressing her
  breasts and nuzzling his lips against her neck. &quot;And give you what you
  need, you little slut! Give you exactly what you need.&quot; 
As he said these last words he pinched her nipples between
  his thumbs and first fingers, making her gasp as pain speared through her body. 
&quot;No! Don't!&quot; she begged. &quot;I'll give you what
  you want. Just don't hurt me, please!&quot; 
&quot;We'll see, Ashley&quot; he said as his hands traced
  slowly down her body , over her ribs, her stomach, down over her hips and then
  into her crotch, pressing up against the soft dampness of her pussy. 
She realized with alarm that despite her fear his hands felt
  good. In fact, because of her fear his hands felt good. Her arms were stretched
  up over her head making it impossible to defend herself, and her vulnerability
  was exciting her terribly.  
She felt his hands at the waist of her skirt as he unfastened
  it, and then he pulled it down over her hips, leaving her standing in her panties
  and tee-shirt. He slowly walked around her, looking her up and down, then he
  went to the wall and took down a leather crop. 
&quot;You're a good-looking woman, Ashley. Made for fucking,
  aren't you?&quot; He reached out with the crop and pressed it against her nipple. &quot;I'll
  bet you drive the boys wild with that hot little ass, don't you?&quot; 
&quot;No..&quot; she said tentatively. 
&quot;Bullshit.&quot; he said angrily. &quot;You're a little
  prick tease and a little slut and don't tell me you're not!&quot; 
Suddenly he smiled. &quot;Have you ever been beaten?&quot; he
  asked. 
Ashley whimpered in fear. 
&quot;You'll love it, Ashley. Once you get used to it. All
  you little sluts love it. Because you know you deserve it. You love it because
  it makes you hot!&quot; 
He reached behind her and with a flick of his wrist brought
  the tip of the crop down on her ass, making her jump and gasp. She felt her
  ass burning where he'd struck her. He walked behind her, one hand holding one
  of her up-stretched arms, and he stood where he could whip her with the most
  ease. 
Whapp!! Slapp!! Whackk!! The crop came down on her
  buttocks leaving a trail of fire and Ashley screamed in pain as she tried to
  twist away from the punishing crop. 
&quot;Stop it! Stop it! You're hurting me!&quot; 
He laughed. &quot;Am I?&quot; he said. &quot;Let's see how
  much I'm hurting you. I'll bet your pussy's wet right now. I'll bet you're
  getting off on this. What do you say, Ashley? Want to bet?&quot; 
She whimpered and turned her head to the side. She knew that
  he was right. Her nipples were getting hard and she'd felt excited chills up
  and down her spine as he'd hit her. For some reason she couldn't begin to understand,
  she loved feeling helpless like this, the prisoner of a man who wanted to do
  horrible things to her. 
The Doctor reached down to her crotch again and pressed his
  fingers against her pussy. 
&quot;You little slut!&quot; he breathed, his eyes glittering
  as he looked at her. &quot;You're so fucking wet I can feel it right through
  your panties!&quot; 
Ashley mewled in denial and her face turned red with embarrassment
  but she knew it was true. To her shame she was hot and aroused, and the pain
  in her ass seemed to be melting into her pussy, filling her with a warm ache
  to be touched and penetrated; to be fucked. 
The Doctor came around in front of her, the crop held under
  his arm, and he took her breasts in his hand and squeezed, watching the way
  they deformed beneath his strong fingers and watching her face for signs of
  arousal. Ashley bit her lip to keep from moaning; it hurt, but it felt good
  at the same time. She could feel his desire for her in the way he touched her,
  the way his hands enjoyed her body. It felt good to be treated so roughly. 
He reached up to the neck of her tee shirt, took it in his
  hands and used it to pull her to him. he leaned forward and ran his tongue
  over her lips, then plunged into her mouth, and Ashley let herself be kissed,
  knowing she had no choice. But it was hardly a gentle kiss. He began to rape
  her mouth with his tongue, trying to shove it down her throat, licking the
  insides of her cheeks, violating her. Again she could feel his need for her,
  his desire to fuck her hard, and her own body echoed that need.. 
And then, as he kissed her, he pulled hard on her tee shirt,
  ripping it down the center. Ashley cried out in shock and fear. He pulled again
  and ripped it more, then he tugged, leaving the garment in ragged threads hanging
  from her shoulders. His violence frightened and excited her as she looked down
  at her own semi-nakedness. He grabbed her bra and yanked till that tore off
  as well, the straps popping and the hooks in the back letting go. He ripped
  it from her body and left her tits exposed, peeking through the shreds of tee
  shirt. 
Ashley looked at him with fear in her eyes as he held one
  of her breasts in his hand and slowly ran his tongue over the nipple, his eyes
  locked on hers. He raised the crop to it and tapped it lightly against her
  hard nipple, watching as she winced in fear. Her breasts were very sensitive. 
&quot;No!&quot; she begged. &quot;Not there! Please!&quot; 
He looked into her eyes as he kept tapping the end of the
  crop against her nipple. 
&quot;No?&quot; he said, pretending innocent ignorance. &quot;No,
  you don't want me to whip your tits? I'll bet you'll like it.&quot; 
&quot;No, please!&quot; she was almost in tears. She pulled
  on the chains, trying to get her elbows low enough to protect her breasts,
  but to no avail. 
She saw him raise the crop over her breast and she closed
  her eyes and screamed before he even hit her. The crop just brushed her nipple,
  barely touching her, but the sharp slap sparked through her body like an electric
  shock, and she felt a thrill of masochistic pleasure. Immediately her nipple
  hardened as if eagerly begging for more. 
The Doctor just looked at her with an evil leer on his face. &quot;Bitch!&quot; he
  spat. &quot;You do like it! You really like the pain, don't you?&quot; 
Ashley couldn't answer. Her body was betraying her totally.
  As she was cowering in the chains trying to twist away from him, her body was
  eager for more, more abuse, more pain. She'd never been more humiliated in
  her life. 
He suddenly left her breasts and pulled her panties down
  around her thighs, exposing her pussy to him. Quickly he marched around her
  and laid six sharp blows on her ass, one after another, hot and stinging, each
  slap as loud as a gunshot. The blows left wicked striped welts across Ashley's
  naked buttocks as she clung tightly to the chains, screeching with each stroke. 
He came around in front of her, his eyes blazing, and she
  had to watch as he treated her breasts the same way, whipping each one three
  times. These blows were softer, but just as loud, and, worse, she had to watch
  them. The crop passed so close to her face that she could feel the breeze before
  she felt the stinging pain surge through her chest. And yet when he was done
  her breasts felt full and swollen and in need of his mouth on them. There seemed
  to be a direct connection between her tits and her pussy, so that each stroke
  on her tits brought forth a spear of hunger from deep within her. 
Perhaps he knew this, for now he ran the crop up between
  her legs, against the sopping crotch band of her panties. But no, he wouldn't
  dare! Not there&hellip; 
Slapp!! Whack!! Whapp!! 
But he did: he whipped her pussy, sharp little strokes right
  over her clit, as if punishing her poor defenseless sex. It wasn't the pain
  so much as it was the shock of what he was doing, and the fact that she could
  do nothing to protect herself. She was helpless. The crop slapped against the
  puffy lips of her sex, each blow jarring her clit, which, despite her distress,
  was eager for the degrading stimulation. He hit her rhythmically so that each
  blow built on the last, pushing her towards a crescendo of sensation that made
  her legs weak and tremble beneath her. She realized that she was close to orgasm,
  and the thought filled her with a wild mixture of shame and excitement. He
  was right: he knew exactly what she wanted. 
When he stopped she was sobbing, tears rolling down her cheeks.
  This seemed to infuriate him and he threw the crop aside, came up to her and
  unhooked her hands from the chain.  
&quot;You're close to coming, aren't you Ashley?" he asked
  her as he unbound her hands and clipped her wrists together in front of her. "But
  we can't have you come like that. Oh no. You need some cock inside you. I wasn't
  to feel you come on my prick!" He grabbed her by the hair and led her on wobbly
  legs over to the crude bed, no more than a board covered with a couple of old
  blankets. He threw her down on it. &quot;On your knees!&quot; he commanded 
Ashley tried to kick at him, but he grabbed her ankle and
  pulled her towards him. She struggled, but with her hands clipped together
  there was little she could do. She tried to get to the clip to free her hands
  but she couldn't reach it; things were happening too fast. She had no chance,
  fighting against him; she knew that, but it was something she had to do. Some
  part of her wanted to feel his male strength, the hardness of his muscles,
  the force he was prepared to use against her. It excited her that a man would
  want her so much that he'd be willing to use his strength on her. 
 Finally it was no use. He closed his hand on her breast,
  found her nipple, erect with excitement, He found it and pinched it so hard
  she screamed. All resistance went out of her. 
&quot;I told you not to fuck around with me, Ashley! You
  don't want to make me mad!&quot; 
She collapsed on the bed weeping tears of fear and confusion,
  and he climbed on next to her. His pants were down and his cock stood out from
  his loins hard and angry, like a weapon. He took her hair and pulled her head
  up so that she was inches from the brutal head of his rampant cock. 
&quot;You're going to suck me now, baby! You're going to
  get me good and hard so I can fuck you deep. I want you to take me all the
  way, cunt! All the way down your throat!&quot; 
Ashley tried to turn her face aside, but he held her hair
  too tight. She felt the soft, hot head press against her lips and she had no
  choice but to open her mouth. He immediately plunged his prick in so deep that
  she gagged and coughed as he slammed the back of her throat. He laughed and
  pulled his cock out slowly, trailing long strings of saliva, precum, and mucus
  from his shiny cock to her open mouth. He held his enormous cock like a club
  and smacked her in the face with it, and as soon as her coughing subsided he
  thrust back into her mouth, muffling her scream of violation, and began to
  savagely fuck her face. 
Ashley groaned around his cock, and she managed to get her
  bound hands around the base to keep him from thrusting too deeply and making
  her gag. He pummeled into her mouth with urgent male lust, making her take
  it so deep that his pubic hair tickled her nose. Ashley tried to suck him,
  but he was too violent; he seemed to want only to rape her mouth. 
Desperately she swirled her tongue around him and sucked
  as best she could as he slid in and out, and finally it dawned on him that
  she was no longer fighting. He stopped his violent thrusting and Ashley saw
  that he was giving her a chance; that as long as she sucked him well he would
  stop his brutal thrusting. Immediately she began to try all her skills on him,
  trying to make it good: sucking, bobbing her head, swirling her tongue, and
  slowly his grip on her hair relaxed. He let her go, then leaned back on his
  outstretched arms and watched her sucking and slurping at his stiff pole, a
  barbarian with his conquest.  
She got her knees under her and sucked for all she was worth,
  making love to his hot pole, spearing her mouth on it, licking it and rubbing
  it over her cheeks as he looked on with quiet approval, brushing her hair out
  of the way so he could watch his tool sink between her soft pink lips as she
  slaved over his prick. 
She became aware that she was moaning, humming and cooing
  with slavelike pleasure as she worshipped his cock. It was so hard, so insistent.
  The feel of it as it slid over her lips was delicious. 
He reached over her back and rubbed his hand over her upthrust
  ass, feeling the hot welts from her beating. Fearful that he would hit her
  again, Ashley redoubled her efforts, and the sounds of her sucking grew louder
  and more desperate. She did all she could do to please him, trying to bring
  him off in her mouth. 
She felt him run his hands over her ass and his fingers went
  between her legs and found her sodden pussy. She was wet and wildly aroused,
  and she was totally humiliated when he laughed and pulled his fingers out of
  her, glistening with her own lubrication. He smeared it on her cheeks so she
  could smell her own shameful arousal, and she knew she could no longer pretend
  that she wasn't turned on by what he was making her do. It was obvious to him.
  He'd been right about her all along. 
&quot;Yeah, Ashley. You're fucking as wet as they come! You
  little slut!&quot; 
He dipped his finger into her pussy again, brought it out
  and she felt him circling her anus with his greasy finger. Oh no! she
  thought, not that! Oh God, not that! But her thoughts were in vain.
  He pushed his fingertip against her little asshole harder and harder, till
  the tip popped into her rectum. 
&quot;Unnnghhh!&quot; Ashley groaned, opening her mouth wide
  around his cock. He barely had the tip of his finger inside her but it felt
  like he was splitting her open. Her mouth hung open and she panted for breath
  as he twisted his way deeper into her ass, making her grunt and moan. 
Her humiliation was complete now. She was slaving over his
  thick, throbbing cock, saliva dripping from her mouth while she knelt before
  him with his finger in her whipped and beaten ass, and with the realization
  of how low she had sunk came a thrill of pure sexual heat. She was a whore,
  nothing but a slut, fit only to suck cock and get fucked in the ass and beaten
  like an animal, and her shame and her excitement fed off each other until she
  was hotter than she'd ever been in her life. He didn't care about her. She
  was nothing but a mouth and a cunt to him, and that's just what she wanted
  to be.  
Nothing mattered now but her own humiliation, and she started
  hungrily sucking on his prick, really trying to milk the come out of him so
  she could taste her own degradation and fulfill all his obscene expectations
  of her. Let him see what a whore she was: that's what he wanted to see anyhow,
  wasn't it?  
He sensed the change in her too. She'd abandoned all attempts
  to maintain her dignity, to fight what he was doing to her, and now she seemed
  to revel in it. She wiggled her hips, as if inviting him deeper into her violated
  ass, and her fingertips caressed his balls, trying to coax their load of hot
  semen into her sucking mouth. 
But he wouldn't give it to her. Not like this. She had to
  suffer some more. 
He grabbed her hair and pulled her off his cock, ignoring
  her groans of frustration, and he pulled his finger from her asshole as well,
  leaving her feel strangely empty. She missed him there. 
&quot;Stay!&quot; he said to her, as if she were no more
  than a dog. He got up off the bed and found a tube of lubricant. He stripped
  off his clothes and climbed back onto the crude mattress as Ashley lay there
  on her knees with her ass still in the air, panting like a bitch in heat, waiting
  for what he would do to her next, ready for it, wanting it. 
She squealed when she felt him squeeze the cold lube onto
  her asshole, then moaned in masochistic pleasure as he worked it into her hole,
  finally getting two fingers inside her. She didn't want to think of what he
  was doing or of what was going to happen. She wanted to stay as she was, a
  sexual animal, waiting for him to use her. 
He got to his knees behind her and fit the head of his cock
  against her anus, and Ashley started making little mewling sounds in her throat,
  waiting for what was coming. She pressed her face into the bed and gritted
  her teeth as she felt his cock pressing dumbly against her asshole looking
  for a way inside. She tried to relax, but no matter how she tried her little
  sphincter would only close tight against this assault, like something afraid. 
&quot;Bitch!&quot; he spat at her. &quot;Open up!&quot; 
&quot;I can't! I can't!&quot; she moaned. 
He reared back and slapped her hard on the ass, and his hand,
  falling on the raised welts of her previous beating filled her with a bright
  flash of pain and made her jump. He took advantage of her shock to press all
  his weight forward and she felt him push into her rectum. 
&quot;Oh Goddd!&quot; she screamed. He was tearing her apart.
  His cock was just too big. She bit the blankets and her bound hands clawed
  at the bed, her toes drew up tight against the soles of her feet and she panted
  like a wild animal at the terrible intrusion. But now that he was in he wouldn't
  let her get away, and he pressed steadily forward, his greasy cock sliding
  into her well-lubed anus, filling her belly with his implacable hardness. 
&quot;I'm in your ass, bitch!&quot; he said to her. &quot;I'm
  in your fucking asshole! How do you like that? Huh? How do you like that, whore?&quot; 
He slapped her ass again, but this time the pain hardly mattered
  compared to what she was already feeling. Everything down there was throbbing,
  aching. She was taking his big cock up her tiny ass, and it was so filthy she
  groaned at the very thought of it. 
He stopped with enough of his cock in her for her to feel
  it all the way up into her throat, and he reached under her and found her breasts
  through the shredded tee shirt. He squeezed them, grabbed her nipples between
  his fingers and pinched, but with the welts from the whipping and his big log
  stuffed up her ass, pain and pleasure were all the same to her now, and she
  only squealed excitedly as he crushed her tits in his hands and pushed them
  around on her chest.. 
He leaned back and pulled her upright by her breasts so that
  she was standing on her knees with his cock up her ass, and she suddenly felt
  a surge of perverse pride that she had taken him inside her like this, as if
  she had survived the worst he could dish out and had nothing to be afraid of
  anymore. He was groaning himself with pleasure at the hot virgin tightness
  of her asshole and Ashley, overcome with the obscene thrill of what he was
  doing to her, boldly screwed her hips against him, pushing him around inside
  her ass, seeing how much he could take, how he liked it. 
&quot;Oh fuck!&quot; he groaned, stunned by her own lewdness.
  This couldn't be the same innocent girl he'd picked up at the bar. She was
  a hard-core slut now, urging him to fuck her in the ass, to do his worst. 
He pushed her down on the bed and held one hand against the
  back of her neck to keep her pinned there, but he needn't have bothered; Ashley
  wasn't going anywhere. She wanted to be fucked now, fucked hard and deep, and
  she spread her legs wide to open her ass to him, ignoring the pain as his belly
  pressed against the welts on her cheeks. She reached her hands back between
  her legs and began to play with her pussy as he fucked her, masturbating shamelessly
  with his cock inside her, grunting each time his hips jarred into her ass.
  She could feel his balls, big and heavy-laden with semen as they bounced against
  her searching fingers, reminding her of what was in store for him: all that
  come, deposited where no one had ever been before 
The Doctor looked down at her with his eyes wide with lust.
  Her hips were rolling and humping like a stripper's, her smooth asscheeks flexing
  to draw him in, while her fingers were busy digging at her pink and sopping
  pussy. Her face was red with hot blood and excitement as she concentrated on
  her own pleasure, on wringing every bit of sensation out of her degradation. 
She was too tight and too fucking sexy for him to last and
  he'd been hard for her too long. He felt his come boiling up from his balls
  as hot chills ran over his skin and in the last moments before he started to
  spew his seed into her ass he began to slap her behind again and again, making
  her scream like a wild animal and knocking her flat on her face and sending
  her into her own obliterating orgasm. 
&quot;Fuck me! Fuck me!:&quot; she shrieked as she felt his
  hot lava shoot into her rectum. Her hands were trapped beneath her, her fingers
  still clawing at her pussy. She was overcome and delirious with wild sexual
  fever, her body spasming and quaking as he unloaded into her and her own cunt
  spasmed with deep, powerful contractions on her fingers, her hot oil pouring
  over her hand and onto the blankets below. The feel of her pussy clamping down
  on her own fingers was thrilling and obscene and further proof of what a whore
  she was, but she didn't care about that She twisted around awkwardly and tried
  to find the Doctor's mouth so she could lick his lips as he held her to him
  and filled her ass with his come. 
Her orgasm left her weak and trembling, her legs twitching
  with jerky convulsions of shameful pleasure. She moaned into the blankets as
  he pulled her hips up tight against him to receive every last drop of his load. 
With a deep groan the Doctor fell on top of her, his cock
  popping from her ass and leaving her empty and stretched out. The two of them
  lay there panting and shaking, sweating from there efforts. and slowly Ashley
  began to drift back into her normal mind. 
What had she done? What had happened to her to turn her into
  that kind of willing slave and victim? How would she ever face him again after
  he'd seen the way she'd acted. 
And more than that: how could she ever be satisfied with
  anything less from now on? 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dr_mabeuse


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





